Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Manickam Sankar _v_ Selvaraj Madhavan (trading as MKN Construction &
Engineering) and another  
[2012] SGHC 99

Case Number| :| Suit No 177 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  R Kalamohan and K S Elavarasi (Kalamohan & Co) for the
plaintiff; Tan Joo Seng and Chong Kuan Keong (Chong Chia & Lim LLC) for the
second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Manickam Sankar — Selvaraj Madhavan (trading as MKN Construction
& Engineering) and another  
  
8 May 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This was an action by Manickam Sankar (“the plaintiff”) against his former
employer, Selvaraj Madhavan (trading as MKN Construction & Engineering)
(“Madhavan”), as the first defendant and Trans Equatorial Engineering Pte Ltd
(“TEE”) as the second defendant. The plaintiff instituted his action on 16
March 2011, claiming that both defendants were liable for his fall from the
area between the false ceiling of the first storey and the floor slab of the
second storey of Terminal 1, Changi Airport (“the Ceiling Space”) which caused
him to suffer various injuries.

2 TEE was the main contractor in a project for the “Design, Supply,
Installation, Testing and Commissioning of VAV Boxes and Associated Control
and Electrical Works in T1 and T2, Singapore Changi Airport” (“the Project”).
The project owner was the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore (“CAAS”).

3 Madhavan failed to enter an appearance although the writ of summons was
served on him by way of personal service on 19 March 2011. Consequently,
interlocutory judgment in default of appearance was entered against him by the
plaintiff on 29 March 2011.

4 The plaintiff’s action against TEE was bifurcated on 29 June 2011.

The evidence

The plaintiff’s case

5 The plaintiff was the sole witness called in support of his case. His
account in his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of the events leading
up to the fall was as follows[note: 1]:

4 On the night of 19.05.2009, I was working at Singapore Changi Airport
Terminal 1. As I did not know the way to Singapore Changi Airport Terminal 1,
I met one Kannan and followed him. We reached the Singapore Changi Airport
Terminal 1 at or about 11.00pm. As work was to start at 1.00am, Kannan and I
went to a warehouse to pick up some equipment (air-conditioner spare parts)
before going to Terminal 1. Upon reaching Terminal 1, as there was still time
to spare, the other workers and I were sitting around the bus terminal and
drinking coffee.

5 A group of 10 workers including me were involved in carrying out the works
at the material time. Rex [a supervisor, one Selvaraj Arun Johansonrex
(“Rex”)] came to the spot and told all the workers including me to be at the
work area by [11.50pm] as work had to start at [midnight]. Accordingly all the
other workers and I walked to the work area. _At [11.55pm] all the workers
including myself were given safety belts without any explanation. We were not
issued with other safety equipment like safety helmets. Even the safety shoes
I was wearing on the day of the accident was my own_. Thereafter, Rex told us
to follow Kannan and go up and start work. _Rex did not do or say anything
else. We did not have any safety briefing that day_.

6 We were working on the staging of the said premises which is about 12 metres
high. We were fixing the air-conditioner. As such, each of the workers
including myself had carried a ladder to the work area. _Rex did not climb the
ladder._

7 When I was mounting the ladder, I had already worn my safety belt as I had
already commenced work. _The area was_** _not well lit and lighting was
insufficient for the workers including myself to differentiate between the
catwalks and the false ceiling (“ceiling panels”)._**_Further, approximately
every 3 feet of the work area was covered with huge railings. There was no
space for the other workers and myself to walk and do our work. Thus, we had
to crawl on our bellies to move from one point to the other. Furthermore_
,**_there was nowhere for the workers including myself to anchor our safety
harness while we were crawling and doing our work_****.**

8 _Kannan was the first person to crawl to the other side of the work area.
Thereafter, two other workers carried equipment and crawled to the other side
of the work area after Kannan. I was the next worker who carried equipment and
crawled to the other side of the work area. After passing the equipment to
Kannan, the two other workers and I turned around to crawl back to the other
side of the work area._ **_I was the first worker to crawl back._**

9 _On my way back_ ,**_the staging gave way_** and I fell about 78 to 80 feet
to the ground and was injured as a result. At the time of the accident I
weighed about **_106 kilograms_** and was about **_6 feet tall_**. ...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

When the plaintiff stated “On the night of 19.05.2009...” at para 4 of his
AEIC, this was clearly a mistake because the plaintiff reached Changi Airport
on the night of 18 May 2009 and the accident (_ie_ , the fall from the Ceiling
Space) occurred in the early hours of 19 May 2009\. Nothing turned on this.

6 The plaintiff’s account in his AEIC of what happened was elaborated upon in
oral evidence.

Before the plaintiff went up the ladder to the Ceiling Space

7 The plaintiff is an Indian national. Before he arrived in Singapore sometime
in March or April 2009[note: 2], he was working, and had always been working,
as a marketing executive in the finance sector in India[note: 3]. This job did
not require him to wear a safety harness[note: 4].

8 Sometime in March or April 2009, the plaintiff attended a “Construction
Safety Orientation Course for Workers (General Trade)” which was conducted in
Singapore by an entity called “Armstrong Health and Safety Training Providers”
(see Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PB”) at p 50) (“the Safety
Course”)[note: 5]. The plaintiff was taught how to wear a safety harness and
how to hook the safety harness to metal railings[note: 6]. However, the Safety
Course did not teach him how to hook the safety harness to objects which were
larger than the opening of the hook[note: 7]. I demonstrated to the plaintiff
how the safety harness could be hooked to such objects by looping the rope
around the object and then attaching the hook to the rope itself (“loop-
hooking”). The plaintiff stated that he was not taught this method of hooking
the safety harness at the Safety Course, and that he had not personally
thought about this method before[note: 8]. Furthermore, during the Safety
Course he was only told that the safety harness should be hooked when he was
at the place where the work proper was being carried out. He was not told that
he should also hook the harness when he was moving around[note: 9].

9 On 18 May 2009, Madhavan instructed the plaintiff to report for work at
Changi Airport for “air-con renovation”[note: 10]. The plaintiff arrived at
Changi Airport at about 11pm on 18 May 2009. At about 11.30pm, Rex told him
and some other workers to be at the work area by 11.50pm because work would
start at midnight[note: 11]. When the plaintiff reached the work area at
Terminal 1, he saw two Chinese men. No briefing was given by these two men to
the workers[note: 12]. The ten workers, including the plaintiff, were told
that the works would commence at midnight and that they should wear their
safety harnesses[note: 13]. Further, they were told that it was getting late
and that they should commence work[note: 14]. Rex fixed the safety harness to
the plaintiff because the latter did not know how to do so[note: 15].

10 The safety harness which TEE produced at trial was not of the same type as
the safety harness which was in fact provided to the plaintiff on 18 May
2009[note: 16]. The safety harness which was supplied to him had hooks with a
gap of about 4cm. This was significantly smaller than the hooks of the safety
harness which was produced in court (which had a gap of about 7cm)[note: 17].

11 Before the plaintiff went up the ladder to the Ceiling Space, he was not
shown any diagrams or photos of the Ceiling Space or of the particular area in
the Ceiling Space where he would be working that night[note: 18]. He was also
not told _how_ to hook the safety harness[note: 19]. Rex told the plaintiff to
follow one Ramanujan Kamalakkannan (“Kannan”). The plaintiff, Kannan and
another pair of workers then went up the ladder[note: 20]. Rex remained at the
foot of the ladder on the first storey and was supposed to pass things to the
workers, who would then bring the things up to the Ceiling Space[note: 21].
When cross-examined, the plaintiff maintained that Rex was not in the Ceiling
Space when the accident occurred because Rex was on the ground level near the
ladder[note: 22].

Events occurring in the Ceiling Space

12 At the top of the ladder, the plaintiff and the other workers stepped onto
a catwalk (see, for example, p 54 Second Defendant’s Bundle of Documents
(“SDBD”))[note: 23]. Each worker was carrying a plank to be carried to the
worksite. The workers then walked along the catwalk to the area where some old
VAV boxes were located (see red arrows at SDBB p 41)[note: 24]. However, at
some parts the workers had to stoop or crawl because there were obstructions.
The plaintiff was following Kannan.

13 There were fluorescent tubes placed every 7 or 8 feet “within some gaps” in
the Ceiling Space (see, for example, p 54 SDBD). However, it was dark at the
place where the plaintiff fell[note: 25]. That area was not bright and not
clear, but the plaintiff could see his own feet[note: 26].

14 At this juncture, it is necessary to set out the following diagram of the
immediate vicinity of where the fall occurred[note: 27]:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

The part marked “Ceiling Panels” in the diagram was the area from which the
plaintiff fell. Photos of this area can be found at pp 47–51 SDBD.

15 Once the workers (including the plaintiff) reached A, they left the planks
there because there were some “stage works” which were going to be carried out
in that area[note: 28]. Kannan had a fluorescent light (chemically operated)
in his hand, whereas the plaintiff did not have a light[note: 29]. Kannan was
the first person to cross from A to B, and Kannan had told the plaintiff to
follow the route which he (Kannan) took. However, Kannan did not tell the
plaintiff of the location of the ceiling panels and that he should not step on
them[note: 30].

16 Once Kannan had reached B, he stopped there and motioned for the three
other workers (including the plaintiff) to bring the planks over[note: 31].
Kannan and the other two workers did not hook their safety belts to any
external objects when they were crossing from A to B[note: 32]. The plaintiff
was the last to cross from A to B. He stated that he could not recall how he
got across from A to B, and that he may have placed his foot on the area
marked by dotted marks (see p 6 of Rex’s AEIC and the southeast part (relative
to the marking “B”) of the photo at p 51 SDBD) (“the Transverse
Grating”)[note: 33]. The plaintiff could not remember clearly[note: 34]. He
stated that there was “some kind of railing by the side” and that “[they]
stacked onto it”[note: 35].

17 The plaintiff was the first person to attempt to return to A from B[note:
36]. The three other workers were behind him. The fall occurred because the
plaintiff placed his foot in the wrong place when he was in a stooping
position[note: 37]:

Witness: |  To---for about 3 feet, we have to crawl. And according to the photo, we cannot---we---after two---we will be crawling for about 3 feet. After which, we could get up and---we cannot stand at our full height but maybe you can just bend down a little.  
---|---  
Court: |  Yes, that’s where I’m getting at. You’ll bend down. At that time when you fell through, were you crawling? Were you---were you crawling or---or stooping as you were---as you were walking before---just before you fell? ...  
Witness: |  I was stooping, your Honour.  
Court: |  So just before you fell, you were actually stooping to go back, stooping to walk---walk in a stooping position to go back, right, you’re stooping?  
Witness: |  Yes, your Honour.  
Court: |  So you step off the---the---the metal grating and onto the false ceiling?  
Interpreter: |  Sorry, your Honour. Can you repeat that?  
Court: |  That means to say, in his stooping position, as he was making his way back, he stepped off the metal grating onto the false ceiling whilst making his way back.  
Witness: |  Yes, your Honour, that was the time [I fell off after I turned.]  
... |   
Court: |  Above “B”, there is a bar, right, I mean it would be a---  
Tan: |  There’s a railing.  
... |   
Witness: |  Yes, your Honour.  
Court: |  So actually, you---you---your head was below the---you were stooping, right, so you fell through underneath the railing into the hole because you were in a stooping position, right, making your way back?  
Witness: |  It was---it was---I was stooping low. It was the point when I try to rest up a bit, that was when I fall off.  
Court: |  Yes, you fell through the hole, I mean beneath the railing. It’s not as though you fell over the railing. You step---you step out of “B”, one foot, and then you practically---your---your first foot fell through and then your body just followed beneath the railing and out through the hole of the---between the railing and the grating?  
Witness: |  Yes, your Honour.  
Court: |  So actually you were stooping to make your way back, walking slowly to make your way back except that one foot went to the wrong place and you fell through?  
Witness: |  Yes, your Honour.  
Court: |  I see. So you did not see clearly where you were going in that sense, it was dark?  
Witness: |  There wasn’t much light there, your Honour.  
Court: |  Right. So you couldn’t see between the grating and the false ceiling in that sense, you couldn’t differentiate between the grating and the false ceiling?  
Witness: |  Yes, I could not differentiate, your Honour [and there wasn’t much light.]  
  
  

18 I observed that the plaintiff was fairly big-sized and tall. In his AEIC
(at para 9), he said that he was 6 feet tall and weighed about 106 kg at that
time. Due to his size, manoeuvring in such a confined space would not have
been easy especially when he had to bend down to clear the horizontal railing
before he could get back from B to A. From a stooping position, he would have
to extend his leg out to step on the Transverse Grating (seen as dotted lines
in the diagram above) to support himself before climbing on top of the Air Con
Duct at C, which was at a higher level, in order to reach A. The plaintiff’s
fall had to be seen in that context because the horizontal railing was in the
way, which made it rather difficult to cross over safely in my opinion.

19 The plaintiff was cross-examined on why his report of the accident to the
Ministry of Manpower had stated that “the staging _and the safety belt_ gave
way [emphasis added]”[note: 38], even though he had earlier testified that his
safety harness was not hooked onto anything when he fell[note: 39]. This
report was interpreted to the plaintiff in Tamil before he signed it. The
plaintiff explained that what he meant was that he had fallen off _together
with_ the safety harness. He asserted that he did not tell the interpreter
that the safety harness had given way[note: 40]. The plaintiff also stated
that he did not know what the word “staging” meant.

20 When asked whether the safety harness was hooked by him to an anchor point
during the crossing over from B to A, the plaintiff responded by saying that
he had not hooked it because there was no place to hook it to[note: 41].

TEE’s case

Evidence of the supervisor, Rex

21 Rex is presently an employee of Nam Hong Construction & Engineering Pte
Ltd. At the time of the accident, Rex was employed by a company called Yong
Teng Engineering (“Yong Teng”) and he was assigned to work on the Project.
After he arrived at Changi Airport sometime between 11.30pm and 11.45pm on 18
May 2009, he met four workers supplied by Madhavan. Two of the four workers,
Kannan and Masilamani Chandrasekaran (“Chandra”), were not new workers in that
they had worked on the Project before. However, it was the first day on the
job for the other two workers (one of whom was the plaintiff) and Rex was
aware of this[note: 42]. The plaintiff was paired up with Kannan by Rex[note:
43].

22 Rex did not show the diagrams at pp 4 and 6 of his AEIC (see above at [14]
for the diagram at p 6 of his AEIC) to the plaintiff before the latter went up
the ladder even though he knew that the plaintiff was working at that site for
the first time and the other workers who had worked on the Project before knew
about the diagrams[note: 44]. TEE’s project engineer, Tommy Liaw Chee Wee
(“Liaw”), was the first person to go up the ladder, followed by Rex, Kannan,
and three other workers (including the plaintiff)[note: 45]. Liaw and Rex did
not carry anything up the ladder, while Kannan and the three workers were
carrying tools[note: 46]. The wooden planks were already in the Ceiling Space
because some work was done there on the previous night[note: 47].

23 After all the workers had climbed up the ladder, Rex’s evidence was that he
had told the plaintiff that there were metal catwalks and metal railings. Rex
said that he had also shone his torchlight to show the plaintiff where to go
and where not to go[note: 48]. Specifically, Rex asserted that he had shone
his torchlight on the ceiling panels and told the plaintiff that it was
dangerous if he went closer to the ceiling panels[note: 49]. Rex made the
plaintiff and Kannan cross from A to B and he crossed over last[note: 50].
Although Kannan had a headlight[note: 51], he did not turn it on[note: 52]. As
Rex was crossing from A to B, he hooked his safety harness somewhere[note:
53]. Once the three of them were at B, Rex showed the plaintiff and Kannan the
location where they would be working that night. Rex then crossed back from B
to A, followed by Kannan[note: 54]. When Rex was past A and Kannan was at A,
Kannan called out to Rex to say that someone fell down, and Rex came running
over[note: 55]. When Rex saw that the plaintiff had fallen to the ground
level, he informed Liaw and all the works were stopped[note: 56].

24 When questioned by the court, Rex explained that in order to cross from A
to B, one would first have to stand on top of the air-con duct marked C (see
bottom right section of photo 14 at p 47 SDBD)[note: 57]. After that, one
would have to hook the safety harness on the beam (see square beam running
diagonally downwards from upper right to middle of photo 14). However, as the
opening of the hook was not large enough to fit around the beam directly, the
loop-hooking method would have to be used[note: 58]. This method of hooking
the safety harness was demonstrated by Rex in court. Once the harness was
hooked to the beam, one would then have to step down to the Transverse Grating
which was about 40cm wide (see lower centre section of photo 14, and also the
area demarcated by dotted lines in the diagram at [14] above)[note: 59]. The
Transverse Grating was about 73cm lower than the air-con duct[note: 60]. The
distance between the air-con duct and the catwalk at B (_ie_ , the length of
the Transverse Grating) was about 1.5m[note: 61]. Rex explained that one would
then have to stoop underneath a horizontal metal railing in order to step onto
B[note: 62]. This railing was higher than the catwalk at B by about
1.38m[note: 63].

25 Rex also explained how one would cross from B back to A. First, while
standing on the catwalk at B, one would have to hook on to the horizontal
metal railing first[note: 64]. Next, one would have to stoop under the
horizontal metal railing and step on the Transverse Grating (most likely with
the left foot) to hook the safety harness (using loop-hooking[note: 65]) to
the roof truss which was further away. Both hooks of the safety harness would
not be hooked at the same time to the same spot[note: 66]. After hooking the
harness to the beam while stooping under the horizontal metal railing, one
would have to detach the other hook from the said railing (“sequential
hooking”). One would then step onto the air-con duct which was higher than the
platform by about 73cm[note: 67]. Rex did not explain to the plaintiff how to
navigate the path back from B to A[note: 68]. However, he maintained that the
air-con duct was the only obstacle there[note: 69].

Evidence of the safety supervisor, Heng

26 Heng Chin Aun (“Heng”) is presently employed by TEE as a safety supervisor.
At the time when the accident occurred, Heng had been employed by TEE for
about 10 years and was the safety supervisor for the Project.

27 Heng’s evidence was that on 18 May 2009, the work day started at about
midnight with a toolbox meeting for all workers who were scheduled to work
that night[note: 70]. This toolbox meeting was held on the ground floor. It
was “to remind the workers of the safety issues that they have to pay
attention to at work” as they would be working at a height of about 8m from
the ground[note: 71]. The toolbox meeting was conducted mainly by Liaw who did
most of the talking. Heng added his comments and observations where necessary.
It was emphasised to the workers as a group that they would be working at a
height and that they should put on their safety harness and hook it at all
times[note: 72]. Among other things, Heng made sure that all the workers were
wearing their safety harnesses, and he also told them that they should hook
the safety harness to a safe anchor point[note: 73]. However, he did not
demonstrate how they should go about doing this[note: 74]. Although Heng knew
that the plaintiff was coming to work on the Project for the first time, he
did not explain the safety issues to the plaintiff separately[note: 75].

28 After the toolbox meeting, Heng checked to ensure that each worker had put
on his safety harness before climbing the ladder[note: 76]. After the workers
went up the ladder to the Ceiling Space, Heng remained on the ground floor
with one Mohammad Mohsin Bashir Ahammad (“Mohsin”). Mohsin helped Heng to
cordon off an area on the ground floor in order to avoid injury from falling
objects to persons who were passing by. After the cordon was set up, Heng was
supposed to go up to the Ceiling Space to ensure that the workers complied
with safe work procedures, especially as regards the hooking of their safety
harnesses[note: 77]. When the plaintiff fell from the Ceiling Space, Heng was
still setting up the cordon on the ground floor. Heng ran to the plaintiff’s
location to help him and Heng noticed that the plaintiff was still wearing his
safety harness[note: 78].

Evidence of the project engineer, Liaw

29 Liaw is presently employed by Sembawang Engineers and Constructors Pte Ltd
as a mechanical engineer[note: 79]. At the time of the accident[note: 80],
Liaw was employed by TEE as a project engineer. At about 11.50pm on 18 May
2009, a toolbox meeting was held. Liaw testified that he had reminded a group
of workers, including the plaintiff, of safety issues[note: 81]. Although Liaw
was aware that the plaintiff was working at the site for the first time, he
did not explain the safety issues to the plaintiff separately[note: 82]. Among
other things, Liaw told the workers that they were required to wear their
safety harnesses and to hook the harnesses while they were working[note: 83].
However, he did not demonstrate to the workers how they were supposed to hook
the harnesses[note: 84]. The reason for the absence of any demonstration was
because Liaw assumed that all the workers knew how to use the harness[note:
85]. The plaintiff had not come forward to ask how to use the harness[note:
86].

30 Liaw was the first to go up the ladder[note: 87]. He led the workers to the
first work location which was about 6 metres from A (see the two VAV boxes
coloured in red and which were closest to A at p 39 of Liaw’s AEIC)[note: 88].
Those two VAV boxes were scheduled to be replaced that night. Liaw assigned
two workers to remove the VAV boxes and another two workers to assist them.
When Liaw was still at this location, he heard a loud shout and he was told
that someone had fallen through the ceiling panels. At that time, the workers
were just about to start work on the VAV boxes at the first work location.

31 After the accident, CAAS asked TEE to halt the works and to brief it on how
the accident could have happened and whether even more safety measures could
be taken to ensure the safety of workers. In order to prepare for the
briefing, Liaw went up to the working area on 2 June 2009 to take photographs
of the location where the accident occurred[note: 89].

Events leading up to the accident

32 Counsel for TEE, Mr Tan Joo Seng (“Mr Tan”), argued that TEE’s version of
events should be accepted in preference to that of the plaintiff’s for two
reasons. First, Rex was an “independent” witness in that he was not an
employee of TEE and had never been in its employment. Thus, he had nothing to
gain or lose from the outcome of the case. Mr Tan argued that the same could
be said of Liaw. By contrast, a lot was at stake for the plaintiff because
although he had initially applied for workmen’s compensation with the Ministry
of Manpower (“MOM”), he later opted not to accept MOM’s assessment of damages
and instead to pursue his rights under the common law. The plaintiff had every
reason and motivation to twist his evidence to advance his case.

33 Secondly, the plaintiff’s evidence was inherently implausible and
demonstrated a selective recollection of the facts:

(a) It was highly implausible that the plaintiff was not taught how to hook
the safety harness at the Safety Course. A safety harness was a crucial piece
of equipment to be worn by workers working at height. It was very unlikely
that workers were not taught how to secure the harness properly during the
Safety Course.

(b) The plaintiff said that he did not know how he had managed to cross from A
to B. This selective amnesia was deliberate. The plaintiff managed to cross
over safely the first time and did not want to show the court that it could be
done. It was inexplicable that he could recall in much detail the events
occurring before he crossed from A to B (including the lighting) but not the
actual crossing itself.

(c) Liaw, Heng and Rex all testified that there was a safety briefing and
their evidence on this was not challenged.

(d) Rex did enter the Ceiling Space. Heng stated that all workers then entered
the Ceiling Space except for Mohsin and himself, who remained on the ground to
set up a cordon. This aspect of Heng’s evidence was not challenged by the
plaintiff’s solicitors. Further, there was no reason for Rex to remain on the
ground level.

34 In response, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr R Kalamohan (“Mr Kalamohan”),
advanced the following arguments:

(a) TEE’s case was loaded with inconsistencies between their witnesses as to
what happened on the day of the accident, especially between the testimony of
Rex and Liaw. Additionally, there were internal contradictions between the
AEIC and testimony of the same witnesses, particularly Rex and Liaw.

(b) There was no evidence produced to disprove the plaintiff’s evidence that
he was not taught loop-hooking and sequential hooking during the Safety
Course. Therefore, the court should accept the plaintiff’s evidence to that
effect. TEE’s argument was purely speculative.

(c) It was understandable that the plaintiff was not able to remember exactly
how he crossed from A to B given that almost three years had elapsed between
the accident and the time he testified in court. Furthermore, he had spent
very little time in the Ceiling Space (which had poor lighting) and had only
crossed from A to B once. It was not fair for TEE to regard the plaintiff’s
inability to recollect how he crossed from A to B and his ability to remember
the lighting conditions as selective amnesia because the lighting would be the
first thing that one would notice upon entering the Ceiling Space.

Before the plaintiff went up the ladder to the Ceiling Space

35 The first area of dispute between the parties was whether the plaintiff had
been taught at the Safety Course in March or April 2009 how to hook the safety
harness by loop-hooking and sequential hooking. I accepted the plaintiff’s
evidence that he was not taught these methods of hooking the safety harness at
the Safety Course. He appeared to me to be an honest witness who was trying
his best to recall the events which occurred about three years ago. It would
have been highly implausible if the plaintiff had not been taught how to hook
the safety harness _at all_. However, as the plaintiff testified, he was in
fact taught how to wear the safety harness and how to hook the safety harness
to objects such as metal railings (where the objects were smaller than the gap
in the hook). Given that this was so, I rejected Mr Tan’s submission that the
additional methods of loop-hooking and sequential hooking were also taught
during the Safety Course. It was open to TEE to have called the course
instructors to testify in court but it did not do so.

36 The second area of dispute was whether a safety briefing had been conducted
on the night of 18 May 2009 and, if so, what matters were touched upon during
the briefing. Based on the evidence of Liaw and Heng, I accepted that there
had been a safety briefing on that night and that the workers had been
reminded that they should wear their safety harnesses and hook their safety
harnesses to roof trusses, steel structures or railings at all times. To a
limited extent, I was fortified in reaching this conclusion by reason of the
fact that the plaintiff testified that he had been told to wear his safety
harness (see [9] above).

37 Both parties did not dispute the following facts:

(a) The plaintiff had not been shown any diagrams or pictures of the Ceiling
Space before he went up the ladder;

(b) The plaintiff was in fact wearing a safety harness before he went up the
ladder. The hook of the safety harness which the plaintiff was wearing was
smaller than the hook of the safety harness which was produced by TEE in
court;

(c) The plaintiff had not been told by Liaw, Heng or Rex how to hook the
safety harness onto objects by way of loop-hooking or sequential hooking; and

(d) The plaintiff had been paired up with Kannan who was a more experienced
worker.

In the circumstances, I accepted these undisputed facts which were also
established by the evidence. I will now examine the events occurring in the
Ceiling Space.

Events in the Ceiling Space

38 The first area of dispute was whether Rex had gone up the ladder together
with the plaintiff and Kannan. While the plaintiff insisted that Rex had
remained at the foot of the ladder in order to pass things to the workers, Rex
testified that he had climbed up the ladder.

39 I believed the plaintiff’s evidence that Rex had remained at the foot of
the ladder to pass things to the workers. There were no inconsistencies in the
plaintiff’s evidence in this regard. On the other hand, I agreed with Mr
Kalamohan that there were several inconsistencies which indicated that Rex’s
story was untrue[note: 90]:

(a) Rex stated in his AEIC (at para 16) that he was the second person to go up
the ladder and he was followed by one Tong Jian Wei (“Tong”). Tong was
allegedly employed by Yong Teng as Rex’s supervisor and did most of the
technical work to the VAV boxes. The other workers (including Rex) were there
only to assist Tong and followed Tong’s instructions. However, Rex’s oral
testimony was that he was followed up the ladder by Kannan and no mention was
made of Tong.

(b) Rex stated that Liaw did not stay in the vicinity of A and went to another
location outside the diagram at exhibit “SAJ-3” of Rex’s AEIC[note: 91]. This
was contradicted by Liaw’s testimony (see [30] above).

(c) Rex stated in his AEIC (at paras 25 and 26) that he had “explained” to the
plaintiff how to get from A to B and that he crossed over to B after this
explanation, followed by the plaintiff and Kannan. However, Rex stated during
cross-examination that the plaintiff and Kannan crossed from A to B first and
that he crossed over last[note: 92].

(d) Rex stated in his AEIC (at para 28) that he heard a shout just after
returning to A. However, he stated in court that he was moving away from point
A when Kannan informed him that the plaintiff had fallen, and that he had not
heard any sound of the plaintiff falling[note: 93].

(e) Rex testified in court that he had hooked his safety harness when he was
crossing from A to B and back from B to A. However, he had not stated this
fact anywhere in his AEIC. This was a highly material fact.

In particular, I was of the view that Rex’s failure to mention Tong when he
was questioned as to the identities of the persons who went up the ladder into
the Ceiling Space was very significant. Rex affirmed his AEIC only about five
months before the trial (in September 2011). If Tong had been Rex’s supervisor
(from the same company, Yong Teng) and had played such an important technical
role in the Project, Rex’s failure to mention him when testifying in court was
inexplicable.

40 As for the question of whether Heng’s evidence had any corroborative effect
_vis-à-vis_ Rex’s evidence, Heng’s AEIC stated (at paras 12 and 13) that “Nine
workers would go up first with the Project Engineer, Tommy” and that one
worker, Mohsin, remained below with Heng to set up the cordon. It could
possibly be inferred from the “Daily Toolbox Meeting Form” (at p 8 of Heng’s
AEIC) that Rex was one of the nine workers who, according to Heng, went up the
ladder. I noted that Heng’s AEIC was less than satisfactory because it did not
expressly state that the nine workers _did in fact_ go up the ladder.
Nonetheless, even leaving aside this point, I was of the view that Heng’s
evidence had no corroborative effect (and in fact undermined Rex’s credibility
and therefore the veracity of his evidence) because it materially contradicted
Rex’s oral testimony that a total of _six_ persons went up the ladder.
Therefore, Rex’s evidence in this regard was not merely internally
inconsistent (see [39(a)] above) but also externally inconsistent.

41 I was of the opinion that it was not true that there was absolutely no
reason for Rex to have remained at the foot of the ladder. As the works for
the night had just begun, it was not unlikely that there were things which had
to be brought from below to the Ceiling Space. In this regard, Rex’s
explanation as to the location of the wooden planks was highly evasive[note:
94].

42 The second area of dispute was whether Rex had informed the plaintiff of
the following matters when they were both in the Ceiling Space before the
accident occurred:

(a) How to cross safely from A to B and back from B to A;

(b) The danger posed by the ceiling panels; and

(c) The proper method of hooking the safety harness to the roof trusses, steel
structures or railings (_ie_ , loop-hooking and sequential hooking).

43 I accepted the plaintiff’s evidence that Rex had not informed him of any of
these matters. First, as I stated earlier, I accepted the plaintiff’s evidence
that Rex had not gone up the ladder into the Ceiling Space before the
accident. Secondly, even if I was wrong on that point and Rex did in fact go
into the Ceiling Space together with the plaintiff before the accident
occurred, it did not _necessarily_ follow that Rex had _additionally_ informed
the plaintiff of those three matters. I was not convinced by Rex’s evidence in
this regard because there were numerous inconsistencies between his AEIC and
his testimony in court (see [39] above). Furthermore, Rex was evasive when he
was cross-examined on whether he had shown the plaintiff where to hook his
safety harness[note: 95]:

Q:And when you purportedly went to point B from point A, did you have a safety
harness on? Did you have a---no, did you have?

A:Yes, your Honour, I wore one.

Q:Yes. And on the way along from point A to point B, did you hook your safety
harness anywhere?

A:Yes, your Honour.

Q: **_And did you show the plaintiff where to hook his safety harness?_**

A: **_From point A to point B, we have---we have to---it’s quite a big hook so
we can’t hook it the normal way, we have to hook it in a different way._**

Q:Okay, all right. Now is this hooking of the safety harness a very important
safety facet for the plaintiff and workers like you?

A:Yes, your Honour.

Q:And you’ll agree this is important. Yes?

A:Yes, your Honour, it’s important.

Q: **_Why is that fact of you hooking on your safety harness and you teaching
the plaintiff hooking on the safety harness not stated in your affidavit?_**

A: **_No one asked me anything about that; it’s only now that they’re asking
me about this hooking._**

Q: **_I’m putting it to you, witness, that this story about you going from
point A to point B is a fiction; that is why that very important detail is
missing._**

A: **_I disagree, your Honour._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

44 I also found it odd that TEE produced in court a different safety hook that
was much larger instead of the smaller type of safety hook that was actually
supplied to the plaintiff at that time for his use. In his examination-in-
chief, the plaintiff denied that the safety hook produced in court was of the
same size as the one which was supplied to him on 18 May 2009, which was much
smaller[note: 96]. He was not challenged on this point by Mr Tan. In my
opinion, TEE’s production of a larger hook was an attempt to establish that
the plaintiff could have used the larger hook to secure the safety harness to
an anchor point by simple hooking. Before the trial, TEE probably had not
thought of the possibility of adapting the other equally effective loop-
hooking method to secure the safety harness equipped with small hooks to the
big roof trusses that were present in the area where the plaintiff fell from.
Hence, I was not surprised that the plaintiff was not taught the alternative
method of loop-hooking with the smaller hook since TEE apparently also never
contemplated that possibility itself, even up to the stage of the trial. If it
had done so, then there would have been no need to impress the court with a
different larger safety hook which the plaintiff flatly denied was ever issued
to him.

Negligence

The parties’ arguments

The plaintiff’s case

45 Mr Kalamohan cited _Awang bin Dollah v Shun Shing Construction &
Engineering Co Ltd and other appeals_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 746 (“ _Awang bin
Dollah_ ”) at [20] for the proposition that if a main contractor exercised or
had the right to exercise control over a workman (employed by its sub-
contractor) in respect of the work which he was engaged to perform, the main
contractor would owe the workman a duty of care _as if_ it was the workman’s
employer. In this regard, Mr Kalamohan drew the court’s attention to the
following undisputed facts:

(a) At the time of the accident, the plaintiff was the direct employee of
Madhavan who had assigned him to work on the Project;

(b) Liaw and Heng were direct employees of TEE while Rex was the employee of
Yong Teng (TEE’s sub-sub-contractor).

On TEE’s own case, Liaw and Heng had conducted a safety briefing during which
they reminded the workers of the need to adhere to safety precautions. Heng
had checked the safety harness of all workers before they were allowed to
enter the Ceiling Space. Liaw went up the ladder into the Ceiling Space first,
and all other workers followed his lead. Thus, on TEE’s own case it had
control or the right to exercise control over the plaintiff in respect of the
work he was engaged to do.

46 Mr Kalamohan submitted that TEE owed certain duties to the plaintiff,
relying on _Parno v SC Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 377 (“ _Parno_ ”) at
[45]:

The common law duty of employers vis-à-vis their employees is clear. This was
laid down in _Wilsons and Clyde Coal Co Ltd v English_ ... where the House of
Lords held that the obligation was three-fold – to provide a competent staff
of men; adequate material; and a proper system and effective supervision.

Mr Kalamohan added that this categorisation was not exhaustive and that there
was also an established duty on an employer to provide safe premises and
access to it, relying on _Chandran a/l Subbiah v Dockers Marine Pte Ltd_
[2010] 1 SLR 786 (“ _Dockers Marine_ ”) at [22]. The plaintiff’s claim was
that TEE had (a) failed to provide him with a proper system of work and
effective supervision, and (b) failed to provide him with a safe place of
work.

47 With respect to the first allegation, Mr Kalamohan submitted that even if
the court was inclined to believe TEE’s version of events, TEE should still be
held to have failed to provide the plaintiff with a proper system of work and
effective supervision[note: 97]. He drew the court’s attention to the
following facts:

(a) Liaw did not state in his AEIC that he had instructed Rex to take the
plaintiff and Kannan from A to B. This meant that Rex took the plaintiff and
Kannan from A to B without Liaw’s knowledge.

(b) No efforts were taken by Liaw and Heng to explain the safety issues (such
as how to hook the safety harness in the Ceiling Space using loop-hooking and
sequential hooking) to the plaintiff individually although they knew that he
was a new worker. Indeed, Liaw and Heng did not demonstrate how to hook the
safety harness to the workers as a group at all. Liaw had assumed that all the
workers knew how to hook the harness properly.

(c) No diagrams or photos were given to the plaintiff before he entered the
Ceiling Space. This was despite the obvious dangers and difficulties which one
would face in crossing from A to B and back from B to A.

(d) No explanations were given to the plaintiff on how to manoeuvre between A
and B. Rex had not explained to the plaintiff how to hook his safety harness
in the Ceiling Space (by way of loop-hooking and sequential hooking).

(e) Rex and Kannan left the plaintiff at B for him to move back to A on his
own without any supervision although it was his first day of work at the site.

(f) Heng was supposed to enter the Ceiling Space after setting-up the cordon
on the ground level to ensure that the workers complied with safe work
procedures such as the proper hooking of their safety harnesses. However, he
did not enter the Ceiling Space at the same time as the plaintiff and the
other workers.

48 Mr Kalamohan relied on _Parno_ (at [48]) for the proposition that “the
instruction of apprentices and inexperienced workers” was within the category
of a proper system of work. Liaw and Heng testified that they only _reminded_
the workers as a group of the safety issues that they had to bear in mind.

49 With respect to the second allegation, _viz_ , that TEE failed to provide
the plaintiff with a safe place of work, Mr Kalamohan pointed to the following
facts:

(a) Various obstructions (_ie_ , vertical railings, horizontal railings and
the air-con duct) were present in the path which the plaintiff would have to
take to get from A to B and from B back to A.

(b) A safety officer appointed by TEE to review the working conditions and to
provide recommendations had stated the following:

(i) That there was “restricted workroom”;

(ii) That “certain areas may not have available/nearest structure (roof beam
or truss) for anchoring of safety harness”;

(iii) That there were “existing services piping across platform” creating a
“hazard of tripping & falling”. The safety officer had recommended that the
“area of existing services across working platform be made known to all work
personnel as far as practical possible (layout plans, etc)”; and

(iv) That there was a “gap within platform” creating a “hazard of tripping and
falling”, and that the brightness of the lights was not sufficient; and

(c) There was insufficient lighting at A, B and C with the result that the
plaintiff could not differentiate between the catwalk and the ceiling panels.

50 Mr Kalamohan summed up by referring to the court’s observation in _Dockers
Marine_ (at [57]) that “the common law demands more of employers who require
their employees to work at heights as compared to employers who do not expose
their workers to similar dangers”.

TEE’s case

51 Mr Tan submitted that the plaintiff’s claim under this cause of action
should be dismissed for several reasons. First, TEE did not owe any duty of
care to the plaintiff because:

(a) It was not the plaintiff’s employer at the material time; and

(b) The working conditions were not inherently dangerous and it did not
exercise a significant degree of supervision and control over the plaintiff.

52 In relation to the point that TEE was not the plaintiff’s employer, Mr Tan
did not take issue with the general proposition in _Awang bin Dollah_ (see
[45] above). However, he submitted that there was no evidence that TEE had the
requisite control or the right to exercise control over the plaintiff in
respect of the work he was to perform. On the contrary, the evidence showed
that:

(a) The plaintiff took instructions from and was supervised by Rex who was
Yong Teng’s employee, or Kannan who was Madhavan’s employee; and

(b) TEE did not deal with the plaintiff directly and left it to Yong Teng
because the plaintiff was provided by Yong Teng’s sub-contractor.

Further, Mr Tan submitted that the plaintiff had not adduced any evidence
showing the degree of TEE’s control and supervision over him. The plaintiff’s
AEIC was silent on this point and so were his pleadings.

53 In relation to the point that the working conditions were not inherently
dangerous and TEE had not exercised a significant degree of supervision and
control over the plaintiff, Mr Tan submitted as follows:

(a) The working conditions were not inherently dangerous because there were
catwalks for workers to walk on. The catwalks were red in colour and were lit
by fluorescent lights at regular intervals. The mere fact that the plaintiff
was working at a height did not make the workplace inherently dangerous: see
_Mohd bin Sapri v Soil-Build (Pte) Ltd and another appeal_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 223
at [34].

(b) TEE had not taken it upon itself to micromanage and coordinate Madhavan’s
and the plaintiff’s activities. The plaintiff took instructions from and was
supervised by Rex or Kannan.

54 Mr Tan added that it was Rex (or, according to the plaintiff, Kannan) who
instructed the plaintiff to use the route which ultimately led to the
accident. There was no evidence that TEE knew or approved of this route.

55 Mr Tan’s second argument was that the plaintiff had not pleaded any
specific particulars or material facts in his Statement of Claim to explain
how TEE had breached its duty of care. Consequently, he was not entitled to
adduce any evidence in support of this cause of action and his claim should be
dismissed. In support of this proposition, Mr Tan relied on _Multi-Pak
Singapore Pte Ltd (in receivership) v Intraco Ltd and others_ [1992] 2 SLR(R)
382, _Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd (in receivership) v Intraco Ltd_ [1993] 1
SLR(R) 220 and Jeffrey Pinsler SC gen ed, _Singapore Court Practice 2009_
(LexisNexis, 2009) at pp 360–363.

56 Mr Tan submitted that TEE had not breached its duty of care to the
plaintiff because it had taken the following steps:

(a) Giving a safety briefing to all workers before they commenced work;

(b) Checking that all workers had put on their safety harnesses before
allowing them to go up the ladder to the Ceiling Space;

(c) Reminding the workers to hook up their harnesses to roof trusses, steel
structures or railings at the working area at all times;

(d) Instructing the workers to work in pairs and pairing the plaintiff with
Kannan, a more experienced worker;

(e) Limiting the number of VAV boxes to be replaced each night;

(f) Reminding the workers to ensure that there was sufficient lighting; and

(g) Reminding the workers’ supervisors to keep a close watch to ensure that
the workers took adequate care when working.

Mr Tan submitted that the standard of care to be applied was that which an
ordinary prudent employer would have taken in all the circumstances, relying
on _China Construction (South Pacific) Development Co Pte Ltd v Shao_ _Hai_
[2004] 2 SLR(R) 479. Further, he submitted that although evidence of general
practice might be of material assistance, it was ultimately for the court to
decide what would be required to discharge the standard of reasonable care
having regard to the particular circumstances of a case, relying on _Chong Yeo
and Partners and another v Guan Ming Hardware and Engineering Pte Ltd_ [1997]
2 SLR(R) 30. Mr Tan observed that TEE should not be required to give
instructions to the plaintiff on every aspect of his work and that the
plaintiff was expected to be able to carry out some work himself relying on
his own experience and judgment, especially for simple tasks, relying on _Chua
Ah Beng v C & P Holdings Pte Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 844.

The court’s findings

57 I was of the view that the plaintiff’s pleadings were not fatally
defective. Although I agreed with Mr Tan that para 11 of the plaintiff’s
Statement of Claim was not sufficiently particularised, this was not
prejudicial to TEE. It was well aware of the case which the plaintiff was
putting forward and which it had to meet (see para 13 of the Defence). Even if
there was some prejudice to TEE due to the lack of particulars in the
plaintiff’s Statement of Claim, this would have been cured by the particulars
given in the plaintiff’s Reply (see paras 5 to 11 thereof).

58 I found that TEE owed a duty of care to provide the plaintiff with (a) a
proper system of work and effective supervision, and (b) a safe place of work.
I agreed with Mr Kalamohan that TEE exercised sufficient control over the
plaintiff on the night of 18 May 2009 such that it could be treated as his
employer. There was no doubt in my mind that if TEE had wished that the
plaintiff be deployed to replace other VAV boxes (at a location other than B),
Liaw (who was TEE’s project engineer) would have directed Rex (who, on TEE’s
own case, was the plaintiff’s supervisor) accordingly and Rex would have
complied. TEE was the main contractor for the Project and the plaintiff was
assigned by his employer, Madhavan, to work on the Project that night.
According to TEE’s own Defence (at paras 2 to 5), Madhavan was contractually
bound to provide labour to dismantle and install the VAV boxes. While it was
true that, on the face of it, Madhavan was contractually bound only to Yong
Teng, the reality of the situation was that if one went down the chain of the
various contracts, the true power over the deployment of labour for the
Project was concentrated in TEE’s hands. That power would be exercised, in
practice, through directions given by Liaw and Heng (TEE’s safety supervisor),
both of whom were present on 18 May 2009 when the plaintiff reported for work.
According to Liaw’s own evidence (at para 26 of his AEIC), he was the person
who assigned workers to work on particular VAV boxes. In the circumstances, it
would not make commercial and practical sense to find that TEE did not have
_de facto_ control over the work that the plaintiff did on that night.

59 I agreed with Mr Tan that the standard of care to be applied was that which
an ordinary prudent employer would have taken in all the circumstances, that
TEE should not be required to give instructions to the plaintiff on every
aspect of his work, and that the plaintiff was expected to be able to carry
out some work himself relying on his own experience and judgment, especially
for simple tasks. However, I found that on the facts TEE had breached its duty
to provide the plaintiff with (1) a proper system of work and effective
supervision, and (2) a safe place of work.

60 With respect to (1), I arrived at this finding for the following reasons:

(a) Although Liaw and Heng had given a safety briefing to all workers before
they commenced work, this briefing did not include an explanation or
demonstration on how the safety harnesses should be hooked using loop-hooking
together with sequential hooking having regard to the fact that at the
location where they had to do the crossing from A to B and back again in order
to perform the work, there was no convenient anchor point to simply hook on to
with the safety hooks that were supplied. Liaw simply assumed that all the
workers knew what to do, even though he was aware that the plaintiff would be
working in the Ceiling Space for the first time that night. The importance of
these methods of hooking the safety harness was underscored in this case
because the accident would most likely have been prevented had the plaintiff
been taught these methods.

(b) Although Liaw and Heng were aware that the plaintiff was a new worker,
they did not take any steps to ensure that the plaintiff knew how to get
across safely from A to B and then back from B to A. They did not testify that
either one of them had instructed the plaintiff in this regard, or had
instructed Rex to guide the plaintiff. This aspect was particularly important
because:

(i) The architecture of that area of the Ceiling Space made it necessary for
workers crossing from A to B or from B to A to take a specific path which
would avoid the obstructions and the ceiling panels; and

(ii) The methods for getting across from A to B safely would be different from
those from B to A, given that the Transverse Grating was lower than the air-
con duct, a horizontal railing was blocking entry to B while there was no such
railing blocking entry to the air-con duct, and the safe anchor points for the
safety harness would be different.

(c) As Heng was the safety supervisor on that night, he should not have
remained at the foot of the ladder to ensure that the cordon was set up before
he went up into the Ceiling Space. It was not clear to me why he had to remain
downstairs to oversee what was a simple task as compared to the work which was
going to be carried out in the Ceiling Space, especially considering the
obstructions which were present there. The cordon should have been set up
first before the workers went up the ladder. Alternatively, Heng should have
instructed one worker to set up the cordon and he should have gone up himself
into the Ceiling Space to ensure that proper safety practices (such as the
proper hooking of safety harnesses to roof trusses and beams) were complied
with. Heng’s failure to do so was compounded by the fact that he had not
demonstrated to the workers how to hook the safety harnesses properly (using
loop-hooking and sequential hooking) in an area where anchor points for simply
hooking the safety harness were not readily available.

(d) Heng’s presence in the Ceiling Space was particularly important given the
plaintiff’s testimony that Kannan and the other two workers had not hooked
their safety harnesses while they were crossing from A to B. It was open to
TEE to apply for leave to call Kannan or the two other workers to rebut this
assertion of the plaintiff’s. It did not do so. Heng’s presence would have
made it more likely that all the workers would comply with their instructions
to hook their safety harnesses. I could not see how there could be a proper
system of work and effective supervision when Heng, as the safety supervisor,
was not present at all in the Ceiling Space to supervise the work carried out
there.

(e) Although there was an obvious danger posed by the presence of the ceiling
panels, no diagrams or pictures were shown to the plaintiff by Liaw and Heng.
Indeed, the plaintiff was not even told that there were ceiling panels which
he had to look out for. This failure on TEE’s part was compounded by the
particular path which workers had to take when crossing back from B to A.

(f) There was no evidence that Kannan had instructed the plaintiff as to the
danger posed by the ceiling panels, how he could cross from A to B and back
from B to A safely, and how he could hook his safety harness properly in that
area (using loop-hooking and sequential hooking). There was also no evidence
that Liaw or Heng had instructed Kannan to inform the plaintiff of these
matters.

61 With respect to (2), I found that TEE had breached its duty to provide a
safe place of work for the following reasons:

(a) There were numerous obstructions along the path which the workers had to
take to get around the Ceiling Space in order to carry out their work. Some of
the obstructions were particularly difficult to manoeuvre around, such as
horizontal railings which could only be circumvented by going under or over
them. Although I accepted that TEE had no control over the layout and design
of the Ceiling Space (which was, presumably, under the control of CAAS), this
was not a sufficient reason for finding that TEE did not reasonably have to
take any steps for the safety of workers who were working on the Project. TEE
had to take the Ceiling Space as it found it, but its safety measures also had
to be adequately adapted to the Ceiling Space.

(b) TEE had failed to ensure that the plaintiff had been adequately instructed
on how to hook his safety harness (by loop-hooking and sequential hooking) to
the various objects contained in the Ceiling Space, some of which were larger
than the gap of the hook (which was 4 cm). TEE had also failed to ensure that
the plaintiff had been adequately instructed on how to hook his safety harness
while crossing from A to B or back from B to A. This specific area was
particularly difficult to navigate because, as Rex testified, it required
loop-hooking and sequential hooking, stooping and stretching in order to cross
safely (see [24]–[25] above).

(c) There was insufficient lighting in the vicinity of A, B and C. Sufficient
lighting would help workers differentiate between catwalks and ceiling panels.
Although there were fluorescent tubes placed at various points in the Ceiling
Space, the photos clearly showed that these were not sufficient to provide
adequate lighting for the areas in which work was to take place and for the
paths which the workers had to take to get to those areas. Furthermore, the
mere fact that fluorescent tubes were provided would not be sufficient in the
absence of proper placement, given that there were many obstructions and
objects which would cast shadows. TEE should have given the workers helmets
with attached lights for them to wear or provided additional temporary
lighting at the work location and the areas around A, B and C in the Ceiling
Space.

Occupier’s liability

The parties’ arguments

62 Mr Kalamohan argued that it is settled law that an employer who is an
occupier of premises where an accident has happened can be liable to his
employee in his capacity as an occupier, regardless of whether the employer is
also liable under the common law for failing to take reasonable care of the
employee’s safety. He cited _Ma HongFei v U-Hin Manufacturing Pte Ltd and
another_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 336 (“ _Ma HongFei_ ”) as authority for this
proposition. He then cited _Sim Cheng Soon v BT Engineering Pte Ltd and
another_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 697 for the proposition that an occupier would be
liable to an invitee for injuries suffered by him where:

(a) The occupier knew or ought to have known of the danger; and

(b) The danger was unusual to that class of plaintiff having regard to the
nature of the place and the knowledge of the invitee.

Applying these propositions to the facts, Mr Kalamohan submitted that:

(a) TEE was an occupier of the premises at the time when the accident
occurred;

(b) As the main contractors who had been carrying out work at the said
premises before the accident, TEE knew or ought to have known of the danger
posed by the various obstacles (_ie_ , vertical pipes, horizontal railings and
air-con ducts) in the path which the plaintiff would have to take from A to B
and back from B to A; and

(c) This danger was unusual to the plaintiff considering that he was a new
worker and that no diagrams or pictures of the work area were shown to him
before he climbed up the ladder into the Ceiling Space.

63 Mr Tan submitted that the plaintiff’s claim under this cause of action
should be dismissed for several reasons. First, the plaintiff had not pleaded
any specific particulars or material facts in his Statement of Claim to
explain how TEE had breached its duty as an occupier. As a result, the
plaintiff was not entitled to adduce any evidence in support of this cause of
action and his claim should be dismissed. Mr Tan relied on several authorities
in support of this proposition (see [55] above).

64 Secondly, and in any event, Mr Tan submitted that TEE had not breached its
duty of care as occupier because:

(a) The danger was not unusual to the plaintiff having regard to the nature of
the place and the knowledge of the plaintiff. The plaintiff was working in a
space above the ceiling. He should have known that parts of the “floor” were
actually ceiling panels and that these panels would give way if he stepped on
them. Para 7 of his AEIC showed that he did in fact know this. Further, the
plaintiff would have been informed about the ceiling panels by Rex or Kannan;

(b) The danger was not unknown to the plaintiff and its significance was
appreciated by him. The danger was highlighted to the plaintiff by Rex.
Further, it was very likely that Kannan had informed the plaintiff of the
danger posed by the ceiling panels.

(c) TEE had taken reasonable care to prevent any injury from the danger. The
plaintiff had been reminded to hook up his harness to roof trusses, steel
structures or railings at the working area at all times.

65 Mr Kalamohan’s reply submissions were as follows:

(a) The plaintiff was in the Ceiling Space for a very short time and the area
was not well-lit. TEE had never requested further and better particulars even
though it had the option to do so. In the circumstances, the plaintiff had
provided the best particulars that he could.

(b) Given that TEE knew that it was the plaintiff’s first day working in the
Ceiling Space, it was irresponsible for it to have assumed that he should have
known that the ceiling panels would give way. Para 7 of the plaintiff’s AEIC
did not show that he was aware of the existence of the ceiling panels and the
danger posed by those panels. The term “staging” was used in the Statement of
Claim because the plaintiff did not know what he had stepped on. It was TEE
who had used the terms “ceiling panels” and “catwalks” in its Defence. This
led to the plaintiff using the correct terms in his Reply and AEIC.

(c) Rex’s testimony in court as to whether he had told the plaintiff of the
danger of stepping on the ceiling panels contradicted what he said in his
AEIC.

(d) It was not TEE’s pleaded case that Kannan had informed the plaintiff about
the ceiling panels. In any event, it had not produced Kannan as a witness to
support this assertion.

(e) It was not sufficient to discharge TEE’s duty of care for it merely to
remind the workers to hook their safety harnesses.

The court’s findings

66 For the same reasons which I have set out in relation to the claim in
negligence (see [57] above), I was of the view that the plaintiff’s pleadings
were not fatally defective in respect of the claim in occupier’s liability.

67 I found that TEE had breached its duty as occupier for the following
reasons:

(a) The danger was unusual to the plaintiff having regard to the nature of the
place and the knowledge of the plaintiff as invitee. Although it was true that
the plaintiff was working in a space above the ceiling and he should have
known that parts of the “floor” were actually ceiling panels, it was an
entirely different matter to assert that he should have known that these
panels _would or were likely to give way_ if he stepped on them. Given that
TEE knew that it was the plaintiff’s first day working in the Ceiling Space,
it was irresponsible for it _to assume_ that he had such knowledge. At the
very least, Liaw or Heng should have reminded the workers of this danger.
There was no evidence to this effect. As I accepted Mr Kalamohan’s argument in
relation to para 7 of the plaintiff’s AEIC, Mr Tan’s point in this regard did
not assist TEE.

(b) The danger was unknown to the plaintiff. He had not been shown any
diagrams or pictures of the Ceiling Space, let alone that of the area around
A, B and C. Although Liaw, Heng and Rex all knew that the plaintiff was a new
worker, they did not ensure that he was aware of the danger posed by the
ceiling panels. Given that the nature of the pathway between A to B meant that
workers crossing that path would have to come very close to stepping on the
ceiling panels, it was important that the plaintiff’s attention be drawn to
the ceiling panels. This failing on TEE’s part was compounded by the fact that
the lighting in that area was poor. Even if I was wrong to find that Rex had
not gone up the ladder, Rex’s evidence as to what he had told the plaintiff in
the Ceiling Space was riddled with inconsistencies. I therefore did not
believe that Rex had ensured that the plaintiff was aware of the ceiling
panels and of the danger posed by them. As for Mr Tan’s argument that it was
very likely that Kannan had informed the plaintiff of the danger posed by the
ceiling panels, this was merely speculative. TEE failed to call Kannan as a
witness to establish that fact.

(c) Although the plaintiff had been reminded to hook up his harness to roof
trusses, steel structures or railings at the working area at all times, this
was not sufficient to discharge TEE’s duty of care in the specific
circumstances of this case because the plaintiff had not been instructed on
how to hook his safety harness properly in the area whilst moving around and
between the various points A, B and C (by loop-hooking and sequential
hooking). Workers working in that area had to have such knowledge given the
obstructions that were present. It was negligent, to say the least, for Liaw
and Heng to have assumed that the plaintiff knew how to hook his harness in
that way given that they knew he was a new worker. While it was true that the
plaintiff had attended the Safety Course, it would not have been unduly
onerous for Liaw and Heng to have confirmed whether he indeed had such
knowledge.

Breach of statutory duty

The parties’ arguments

TEE’s case

68 Mr Tan relied on s 60(1) of the Workplace Safety and Health Act (Cap 354A,
2007 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) to support his submission that the plaintiff did not
have a private right of action against TEE for breach of ss 11 and 12 of the
Act. The relevant sections of the Act are as follows:

**Meanings of “employee” and “employer”**

6.—(1) Subject to subsections (2), (3), (4) and (5), in this Act —

...

“employer” means a person who, in the course of the person’s trade, business,
profession or undertaking, employs any person to do any work under a contract
of service.

...

(4) Where —

(_a_) an employer places an employee (referred to in this subsection as the
loaned employee) at the disposal of another person to do work for that other
person; and

(_b_) there is no contractual relationship between the employer and that other
person regarding the work to be performed by the loaned employee,

then, for the purposes of this Act —

(i)the loaned employee shall be regarded as if he were an employee of that
other person (instead of his employer) while the loaned employee is at work
for that other person;

(ii)that other person shall be regarded as if he were the employer of the
loaned employee while the loaned employee is at work for that other person;
and

(iii)the loaned employee shall be regarded as if he were at work when doing
work for that other person.

...

**Duty of occupier of workplace**

**11**. It shall be the duty of every occupier of any workplace to take, so
far as is reasonably practicable, such measures to ensure that —

(_a_) the workplace;

(_b_) all means of access to or egress from the workplace; and

(_c_) any machinery, equipment, plant, article or substance kept on the
workplace,

are safe and without risks to health to every person within those premises,
whether or not the person is at work or is an employee of the occupier.

**Duties of employers**

12.—(1) It shall be the duty of every employer to take, so far as is
reasonably practicable, such measures as are necessary to ensure the safety
and health of his employees at work.

(2) It shall be the duty of every employer to take, so far as is reasonably
practicable, such measures as are necessary to ensure the safety and health of
persons (not being his employees) who may be affected by any undertaking
carried on by him in the workplace.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (1), the measures necessary to ensure the
safety and health of persons at work include —

(_a_) providing and maintaining for those persons a work environment which is
safe, without risk to health, and adequate as regards facilities and
arrangements for their welfare at work;

(_b_) ensuring that adequate safety measures are taken in respect of any
machinery, equipment, plant, article or process used by those persons;

(_c_) ensuring that those persons are not exposed to hazards arising out of
the arrangement, disposal, manipulation, organisation, processing, storage,
transport, working or use of things —

(i)in their workplace; or

(ii)near their workplace and under the control of the employer;

(_d_)developing and implementing procedures for dealing with emergencies that
may arise while those persons are at work; and

(_e_)ensuring that those persons at work have adequate instruction,
information, training and supervision as is necessary for them to perform
their work.

(4)Every employer shall, where required by the regulations, give to persons
(not being his employees) the prescribed information about such aspects of the
way in which he conducts his undertaking as might affect their safety or
health while those persons are at his workplace.

**...**

**Civil liability**

**60.** —(1) Nothing in this Act shall be construed —

(a)as conferring a right of action in any civil proceedings in respect of any
contravention, whether by act or omission, of any provision of this Act; or

(b)as conferring a defence to an action in any civil proceedings or as
otherwise affecting a right of action in any civil proceedings.

(2) Subsection (1) shall not affect the extent (if any) to which a breach of
duty imposed under any written law is actionable.

Mr Tan argued that _Ma HongFei_ , which held that s 60(1) did not have the
effect of removing a plaintiff’s right of private action in relation to a
breach of the Act, was incorrect and should not be followed by this court. In
support of this argument, Mr Tan relied on Gary Chan Kok Yew and Lee Pey Woan,
_The Law of Torts in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2011) (“ _Chan & Lee_”)
at pp 332–334, and Ravi Chandran, _The Workplace Safety and Health Act: An
Overview_ (2007) 19 SAcLJ 15 (“ _Chandran_ ”) at paras 10 and 11. Mr Tan also
submitted that the recent decision in _Tan Juay_ _Pah v Kimly Construction Pte
Ltd and others_ [2012] SGCA 17 (“ _Tan Juay_ _Pah_ ”), where the Court of
Appeal considered the effect of s 60 of the Act, supported his argument that a
breach of the Act did not confer a right of action in civil proceedings.

69 In any event, Mr Tan submitted that TEE had not breached its duties under
ss 11 and 12 of the Act. In relation to the duty imposed under s 11 of the
Act, Mr Tan accepted that TEE fell within the definition of “occupier” in s 4.
However, he argued that TEE had taken all reasonably practicable measures to
ensure that the plaintiff’s workplace was safe. It had:

(a) Held a toolbox meeting with the workers every day to remind them of the
safety issues;

(b) Reminded the workers to hook up their harnesses to the roof trusses, steel
structures or railings at the working area;

(c) Ensured that all workers put on their safety harnesses before entering the
Ceiling Space;

(d) Provided additional lighting at the working areas where the VAV boxes were
to be replaced; and

(e) Requested the workers’ supervisors to keep a close watch to ensure that
they took adequate care when carrying out their works.

70 In relation to the duty imposed under s 12 of the Act on “every employer”,
Mr Tan submitted that TEE was not the plaintiff’s “employer” as defined in s 6
of the Act. Mr Tan submitted that TEE did not have any contractual
relationship with the plaintiff, and the plaintiff was not placed at its
disposal to do work for it. Instead, the plaintiff was under the control and
supervision of Madhavan and/or Yong Teng.

The plaintiff’s case

71 Mr Kalamohan submitted that _Ma HongFei_ was good law and should be
followed by the court. He argued that the court was merely stating that a
plaintiff had to have _locus standi_ before he could commence a civil action
for breach of statutory duty under the Act, and that the test of _locus
standi_ was whether a plaintiff could show that his injuries were _caused_ by
the breach of the Act. The criticism in _Chan & Lee_ was misplaced because it
was premised on a misunderstanding of that decision.

72 In relation to s 11 of the Act, Mr Kalamohan submitted that TEE had failed
to take all reasonably practicable measures to ensure that the plaintiff’s
workplace was safe:

(a) Regarding the alleged toolbox meeting, it was not sufficient for TEE
simply to remind the workers of the safety issues. It should have explained
the safety issues in detail, including how to manoeuvre around difficult,
problematic and risky areas such as between A and B, especially because it
knew that the plaintiff was a new worker.

(b) Regarding the alleged reminder to hook the safety harnesses, it was not
sufficient to remind the plaintiff to do so since he was a new worker. TEE
should have showed pictures or diagrams of the workplace to the plaintiff
before allowing him into the Ceiling Space. Also, TEE should have demonstrated
to the plaintiff how to hook the harness (loop-hooking and sequential
hooking). It was fundamentally wrong to assume that the plaintiff would have
known how to loop-hook and sequentially hook his safety harness.

(c) Regarding the alleged checks to ensure that all workers were wearing
safety harnesses before going up the ladder, this fell short of the statutory
duty to take all reasonably practicable measures. It would be more reasonable
for Heng to have entered the Ceiling Space together with the workers. Heng
could then have instructed the plaintiff as to how and where to hook the
safety harness.

(d) Regarding the additional lighting at the area near the VAV boxes, it was
clear from the photos that the workplace was not well lit, especially between
A and B. TEE should have provided additional lighting at all areas of the
workplace. At the very least, it should have provided the workers with helmets
with attached headlights. This would have aided the plaintiff to see the
ceiling panels clearly.

(e) Regarding the alleged request to the workers’ supervisors to keep a close
watch on them, TEE should not delegate the duty to take all reasonable steps
to ensure the safety of the workers and the workplace to other workers (_ie_ ,
the supervisors). Even if this duty was delegated, TEE was still vicariously
liable for the conduct of those to whom its responsibility was delegated.

73 In relation to s 12 of the Act, Mr Kalamohan submitted that TEE was the
plaintiff’s “employer” under the Act and therefore owed him a duty under s 12
to take all reasonably practicable measures to ensure his safety at the
workplace. Mr Kalamohan relied on the following facts to support this
argument:

(a) The plaintiff was at the workplace to do work for the business of TEE. The
plaintiff was a loaned employee, and, by virtue of the contractual
relationship between TEE, Sing Wah (sub-contractor), Yong Teng (sub-sub-
contractor) and Madhavan (sub-sub-sub-contractor), TEE was the plaintiff’s
employer at the time of the accident.

(b) On the day of the accident, the plaintiff was under the control and
supervision of TEE and not Madhavan. The plaintiff was on the worksite at
TEE’s disposal to do work for them. It was TEE who allegedly held a toolbox
meeting, who asked the workers to sign an undertaking (see p 29 of Liaw’s
AEIC), and who allegedly took it upon itself to ensure that all workers were
wearing safety harnesses before entering the Ceiling Space.

74 Mr Kalamohan pointed out that TEE had not pleaded in its Defence that Yong
Teng was the plaintiff’s employer and that Yong Teng should be liable for his
injuries. In any event, Mr Kalamohan submitted that if the court found that
the plaintiff was under the control and supervision of Yong Teng and not TEE,
TEE should still be _vicariously_ liable for Rex’s failure to ensure the
plaintiff’s safety.

The court’s findings

75 In _Tan Juay_ _Pah_ , the Court of Appeal stated:

63 _While s 60(1)(_ a _) of the WSHA provides that the WSHA does not confer
any right of action in civil proceedings_ , s 60(1)(_b_) provides (inter alia)
that the WSHA also does not affect any (independent or pre-existing) right of
action in civil proceedings. _In other words, s 60 of the WSHA neither confers
nor takes away any right to bring a private claim in respect of a breach of
statutory duty under the WSH Regime. More importantly for present purposes_
,**_s 60 does not answer the question of whether there is an independent or a
pre-existing private right of action for such a breach_**. ... [U]nder the
_Spandeck_ test, it is clear that the mere fact that a particular statutory
duty exists does not suffice to give rise to a common law duty of care founded
on that statutory duty. ...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

76 _Tan Juay_ _Pah_ stands for the proposition that s 60 has no effect on the
existence (or otherwise) of an independent or pre-existing private right of
action for the breach of a duty imposed by the Act. Where there is an
independent or pre-existing private right of action, the right is not taken
away by virtue of s 60.

77 In _Animal Concerns Research & Education Society v Tan Boon Kwee_ [2011] 2
SLR 146 (“ _Animal Concerns_ ”), the Court of Appeal stated as follows:

21 We should highlight at the outset that even if the Appellant's construction
of s 10(5) of the Act is correct, s 10(5) is, strictly speaking, not
determinative of the Respondent's civil liability to the Appellant in an
action for negligence, for it is trite law that **_there is no common law tort
of "careless performance of a statutory duty"_** (see the House of Lords
decision of _X (Minors) v Bedfordshire County Council_ [1995] 2 AC 633 ("_X v
Bedfordshire CC_ ") at 732-735).

22 In other words, **_what the courts in this area are looking for is still a
duty of care at common law_** (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Connor v Surrey County Council_ [2010] 3 All ER 905 at [102]),
_ie_ , the statutory duty which a plaintiff alleges sounds in negligence must
have been previously held to give rise to a common law duty of care, or must
be so declared by the court adjudicating the matter, applying the test in
_Spandeck_ ([16] _supra_). A statutory duty does not _ipso facto_ impose a
concomitant duty of care at common law. **_A statutory duty may, of course,
form the backdrop to and inform the existence (or lack thereof) of a common
law duty of care_** (see, for example, _X v Bedfordshire CC_ at 739), **_but
that does not mean the statutory duty_** per se** _is a duty of care, even if
it is phrased (as here) in terms of requiring the taking of "reasonable steps"
and "due diligence"_**.

23 Even if the Appellant's construction of s 10(5)(_b_) of the Act is correct,
therefore, the _mere existence_ of a statutory duty on the Respondent to
supervise the backfilling is not sufficient to establish an action in
negligence at common law by the Appellant.

24 Nevertheless, if there is indeed such a statutory duty on the Respondent
under s 10(5)(_b_) of the Act (as construed by the Appellant), and the
Respondent had breached such a duty, **_another possible cause of action that
the Appellant might have pursued against the Respondent would be one based on
the tort of breach of statutory duty_**. However, this alternative legal route
does not appear to have been adopted by the Appellant. Although s 10(5) of the
Act clearly imposes some sort of statutory duty on site supervisors, the Act
only states that breach of that duty will give rise to _criminal_ liability
under s 10(8) of the Act. As **_the Act is completely silent on whether breach
of s 10(5) also gives rise to_** civil** _liability, and, if so, whether such
liability is incurred to a private individual who has suffered loss as a
result of the breach_** , the success of a claim for breach of statutory duty
would, in the main, have depended on the construction of the Act in general
and s 10(5)(_b_) in particular, in order to ascertain whether the Legislature
impliedly intended to provide a right of civil action to enforce the statutory
duty (see the leading House of Lords decision of _Cutler v Wandsworth Stadium
Ltd_ [1949] AC 398 at 407 and 412).

[emphasis added in bold italics]

In other words, a distinction has to be drawn between, on the one hand,
determining whether a duty of care is owed at common law, and, on the other
hand, determining whether the breach of a statutory duty _per se_ gives rise
to a right of civil action. In the present case, Mr Kalamohan’s arguments on
the purported claim for “breach of statutory duty” (see [72]–[73] above) were
directed at the former rather than the latter. Furthermore, Mr Kalamohan did
not advance any arguments on Parliamentary intention which, as the Court of
Appeal noted in _Animal Concerns_ (at [24]), is the primary determinant of
whether the breach of a statutory duty _per se_ gives rise to a right of civil
action. As I had already found that TEE owed a duty of care at common law (in
the torts of negligence and occupier’s liability) to the plaintiff, and that
this duty of care was breached, it was not necessary for me to go on to
consider whether ss 11 and 12 of the Act were breached by reason of the facts
raised by Mr Kalamohan.

78 I should add that if Mr Kalamohan had argued that a breach of ss 11 and/or
12 of the Act _per se_ gave rise to a right of civil action, s 60(1)(_a_)
indicates that Parliament did not intend such a result (as the Court of Appeal
in _Tan Juay_ _Pah_ noted at [63]). Mr Kalamohan’s reliance on _Ma HongFei_
was misplaced because it was a case where the principal question was whether a
duty of care was owed at common law in the tort of occupier’s liability (see
[43]–[45] thereof). The court’s comments in _Ma HongFei_ on s 60 of the Act
must therefore be read in that context.

Contributory negligence

Contributory negligence of the plaintiff

79 Mr Tan cited _Parno_ in support of TEE’s allegation of contributory
negligence by the plaintiff. In _Parno_ , the Court of Appeal stated:

59 The classic statement of the law on contributory negligence was expounded
by Lord Denning MR in the well-known case of _Froom v Butcher_ [1976] QB 286
at 291:

Negligence depends on a breach of duty, whereas contributory negligence does
not. Negligence is a man’s carelessness in breach of duty to others.
Contributory negligence is a man’s carelessness in looking after his own
safety. He is guilty of contributory negligence if he ought reasonably to have
foreseen that, if he did not act as a reasonable prudent man, he might hurt
himself.

60 Section 3(1) of the Contributory Negligence and Personal Injuries Act (Cap
54, 1994 Ed) provides as follows:

Where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault and
partly of the fault of any other person or persons, a claim in respect of that
damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person suffering
the damage, but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be reduced to
such extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to the
claimant’s share in the responsibility for the damage. [emphasis added]

61 In _Stapley v Gypsum Mines Ltd_ [1953] AC 663, Lord Reid said at 682 that a
court must deal broadly with the problem of apportionment and in considering
what is just and equitable, must have regard to the blameworthiness of each
party. The claimant’s share in the responsibility for the damage cannot
however be assessed without considering the relative importance of his acts in
causing the damage apart from his blameworthiness. In _Davies v Swan Motor Co
(Swansea) Ltd_ [1949] 2 KB 291 at 326 Denning LJ said that no true
apportionment can be reached unless both the factors of blameworthiness or
fault, and causation are borne in mind.

80 Mr Tan submitted that the plaintiff should be held to be contributorily
negligent for the following reasons:

(a) The plaintiff failed to hook up his safety harness when he was crossing
from B to A, even though he knew or should have known that he was required to
hook the safety harness at all times.

(b) The plaintiff failed to retrace his route on the way back from B to A.

(c) The plaintiff failed to keep a proper look-out for the ceiling panels. He
could have seen the ceiling panels because the lighting conditions were
sufficient for him to see his feet.

81 Mr Kalamohan submitted that the plaintiff was not contributorily negligent
for the following reasons:

(a) With respect to (a), TEE did not have any evidence to show that the
plaintiff was contributorily negligent.

(b) With respect to (b), TEE had not proved that the plaintiff was shown the
safe and proper route to cross from A to B, or from B to A.

(c) With respect to (c), while crossing from A to B the plaintiff had followed
Kannan and had somehow managed to cross safely. However, on the return from B
to A, the plaintiff was the first person to cross and he fell through the
ceiling panels on his first step. Just because he could see his feet did not
mean that he could see the ceiling panels. Furthermore, the plaintiff had no
knowledge that the ceiling panels would give way if he stepped on them.

82 After considering the evidence as a whole, I found that the plaintiff was
contributorily negligent to the extent of one third. In reaching this
conclusion, I took into account the following factors:

(a) It was undeniable that the plaintiff could have reasonably taken more care
for his own safety when he was crossing from B to A. It could be said, for
example, that the plaintiff should have spoken up and asked Kannan or the
other two workers how he should hook his safety harness to a safe anchor point
in that area. The plaintiff should not have taken the risk and proceeded with
the crossing from A to B and back again, when he did not know how to secure
his safety harness to the roof trusses and steel structures due to the limited
knowledge he had. However, I was of the opinion that this should not be
counted as a very significant factor against the plaintiff given that he was a
new worker and that neither Kannan nor the other two workers had hooked their
safety harnesses to any anchor points in that area. Further, no steps were
taken by Liaw or Heng to ensure that all workers knew how to hook their safety
harnesses using loop-hooking or sequential hooking. These were methods which
were essential to safe work in the Ceiling Space given the numerous
obstructions and the absence of anchor points for simple hooking in that area.
Heng, as the safety supervisor, was not even there at the work area in the
Ceiling Space to answer the workers’ questions on safety, if any, and to
advise and supervise the workers accordingly.

(b) The lighting conditions in the area were poor, making it difficult for the
plaintiff to differentiate between the catwalk and the ceiling panels.

(c) The plaintiff had been paired with Kannan who was the more experienced
worker. However, TEE did not call Kannan as a witness to substantiate its
assertion that Kannan warned the plaintiff of the various dangers and taught
him how to hook his safety harness and how to navigate from A to B and back
from B to A.

Contributory negligence of the first defendant

83 Mr Tan also submitted that the court had the power to apportion liability
between Madhavan and TEE even though the former did not defend the action and
judgment in default of appearance had been entered against him. Paras [30] and
[31] of _Ng Kim Cheng v Naigai Nitto Singapore Pte Ltd and another_ [1991] 1
SLR(R) 270 (“ _Ng Kim Cheng_ ”) were cited as authority for this proposition.
Mr Tan went on to argue that Madhavan had breached his duty to take reasonable
care for the plaintiff’s safety and should therefore be held 100% liable to
the latter, thereby implying that TEE should not be held liable at all to the
plaintiff.

84 I was of the view that this argument did not assist TEE. In _TV Media Pte
Ltd v De Cruz Andrea Heidi and another appeal_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 543, the Court
of Appeal stated as follows:

155 The law as to the apportionment of damages between joint tortfeasors is
laid out in _Dingle v Associated Newspapers Ltd_ [1961] 2 QB 162, which was
adopted by us in _Chuang_ _Uming (Pte) Ltd v Setron Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 771 .
The English Court of Appeal held at 188-189:

Where injury has been done to the plaintiff and the injury is indivisible,
**_any tortfeasor whose act has been a proximate cause of the injury must
compensate_****for the whole of it**** _. As between the plaintiff and the
defendant it is immaterial that there are others whose acts also have been a
cause of the injury and it does not matter whether those others have or have
not a good defence. These factors would be relevant in a claim between
tortfeasors for contribution, but the plaintiff is not concerned with that; he
can obtain judgment for total compensation from anyone whose act has been a
cause of his injury_**. [emphasis added]

156 We also find it useful to refer to the case of _Wong Jin Fah v L & M
Prestressing Pte Ltd_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 1 , where the judge held at [92]:

... [The] defendants were each a proximate cause of the injury inflicted on
the plaintiff. Although they were not acting in concert when the accident
happened, their contemporaneous acts of omission caused the indivisible damage
to the plaintiff. The defendants left it to the others to take the necessary
precautions and, cumulatively, they did nothing at all. Each turned a blind
eye to safe working practices and relied on the others. Their faults and
breaches indisputably overlapped such that each of them must be held liable to
the plaintiff for the whole damage.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Therefore, TEE’s liability _to the plaintiff_ for his injuries caused by the
accident was unaffected by the fact that Madhavan was made 100% liable (by
virtue of the interlocutory judgment in default of appearance) _to the
plaintiff_ for those injuries. The injuries suffered by the plaintiff were
indivisible and stemmed from a single event.

85 As for Mr Tan’s argument that the court had the power to apportion
liability between Madhavan and TEE, this would only be relevant if TEE had
brought contribution proceedings against Madhavan under ss 15 and 16 of the
Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed). I would add that even if TEE had in fact
brought contribution proceedings against Madhavan by way of a third party
notice in this suit, this would not have affected the extent of TEE’s
liability _to the plaintiff_ (see [84] above).

86 I did not think that _Ng Kim Cheng_ was of assistance to TEE for three
reasons. First, the apportionment of liability between the first and second
defendants in that case was based on counsel’s submission without any citation
by counsel of any authorities to the court on joint and several liability (see
[31] of _Ng Kim Cheng_). The second defendant had instructed its counsel not
to defend the claim; thus, there were no arguments in rebuttal of the first
defendant’s submission on apportionment. Second, it was not clear from the
judgment whether contribution proceedings had been brought by the first
defendant against the second defendant. Third, it was not clear from the
judgment (at [30]–[31]) whether the apportionment of liability was between
only the first and second defendants (with their individual liability to the
plaintiff being unaffected), or whether the court had in fact held that the
plaintiff could only recover 30% of his loss from the first defendant and had
to recover the remaining 70% of his loss from the second defendant. The fact
that the court referred (at [31]) to the apportionment of liability “between
the two defendants” suggested that the court was not dealing with the
plaintiff’s entitlement to recovery.

87 In any event, the issue of Madhavan’s liability _vis-à-vis_ TEE was not
pleaded in the Defence. Therefore, even if I was wrong to hold that TEE’s
liability to the plaintiff was unaffected by the apportionment of liability
between Madhavan and TEE (if any), TEE could not rely on the fact that
Madhavan was adjudged 100% liable (by virtue of the interlocutory judgment in
default of appearance) to the plaintiff for those injuries as a defence to the
plaintiff’s claim. In assessing the plaintiff’s contributory negligence, I
took into account all the plaintiff’s acts and omissions that had contributed
to the accident as a whole, whether they were in relation to the breach of the
duty of care by TEE or Madhavan. Once the total damage less the contributory
negligence of the plaintiff as a whole has been assessed, it is for the joint
tortfeasors to sort out between themselves their respective portions (if they
so wish), which would not be the concern of the plaintiff. The plaintiff could
still proceed against Madhavan for 100% of his loss by virtue of the
interlocutory judgment in default of appearance. If Madhavan chose to contest
the default judgment on the merits, Madhavan would be able to argue, _inter
alia_ , that he should only be liable for 66.67% of the plaintiff’s loss on
the basis of the latter’s contributory negligence which I assessed at one
third after taking into account all the plaintiff’s acts and omissions that
had contributed to the accident as a whole.

Conclusion

88 For the above reasons, I found that TEE was liable to the plaintiff in
negligence and occupier’s liability. However, I also found that the plaintiff
was contributorily negligent to the extent of one third of the losses
sustained by him as a consequence of the accident. I ordered the damages to be
assessed by the Registrar with costs of the assessment reserved to the
Registrar. After hearing the parties on costs, I ordered TEE to bear 90% of
the costs of the plaintiff up to the completion of this trial.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s AEIC, paras 4–9 (incorporating corrections to the timings
which were made by the plaintiff on the stand)

[note: 2]NE, p 25

[note: 3]NE, p 31

[note: 4]NE, pp 31–32

[note: 5]NE, pp 25–26

[note: 6]NE, pp 25–29

[note: 7]_Ibid_

[note: 8]NE, pp 27–28

[note: 9]NE, pp 40–41

[note: 10]NE, p 34

[note: 11]_Ibid_

[note: 12]NE, p 35

[note: 13]_Ibid_

[note: 14]NE, p 68

[note: 15]NE, p 21

[note: 16]NE, p 18

[note: 17]NE, p 19

[note: 18]NE, p 23

[note: 19]NE, pp 22–23

[note: 20]NE, p 23

[note: 21]NE, pp 74–75

[note: 22]NE, pp 74–77

[note: 23]NE, p 43

[note: 24]NE, p 44–45

[note: 25]NE, p 36

[note: 26]NE, pp 71–73

[note: 27]Rex’s AEIC, p 6

[note: 28]NE, p 46

[note: 29]NE, pp 49–50

[note: 30]NE, p 52

[note: 31]NE, p 51

[note: 32]NE, p 65

[note: 33]NE, pp 49 and 53

[note: 34]NE, pp 46–47

[note: 35]NE, p 46

[note: 36]NE, p 36

[note: 37]NE, pp 36–39

[note: 38]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 8

[note: 39]NE, pp 67–68

[note: 40]_Ibid_

[note: 41]NE, p 68

[note: 42]Rex’s AEIC, para 8

[note: 43]Rex’s AEIC, para 14

[note: 44]NE, p 80

[note: 45]NE, p 81

[note: 46]NE, p 83

[note: 47]NE, p 82

[note: 48]NE, p 85

[note: 49]NE, p 86

[note: 50]NE, p 86

[note: 51]NE, p 97

[note: 52]NE, p 98

[note: 53]NE, p 91

[note: 54]NE, p 90

[note: 55]_Ibid_

[note: 56]_Ibid_

[note: 57]NE, p 99

[note: 58]NE, p 101; see also pp 91 and 100

[note: 59]NE, pp 101–102

[note: 60]NE, p 114

[note: 61]NE, p 115

[note: 62]NE, p 105

[note: 63]NE, p 114

[note: 64]NE, p 109

[note: 65]NE, pp 106–109

[note: 66]NE, p 109

[note: 67]NE, pp 106–109

[note: 68]NE, p 111

[note: 69]NE, pp 111–112

[note: 70]Heng’s AEIC, para 7

[note: 71]Heng’s AEIC, para 9

[note: 72]Heng’s AEIC, para 10

[note: 73]NE, pp 118–119

[note: 74]_Ibid_

[note: 75]NE, p 118

[note: 76]NE, p 118

[note: 77]Heng’s AEIC, para 14

[note: 78]Heng’s AEIC, para 15

[note: 79]NE, p 120

[note: 80]Liaw’s AEIC, para 4

[note: 81]NE, pp 121–122

[note: 82]NE, p 121

[note: 83]NE, pp 122–124

[note: 84]NE, p 123

[note: 85]NE, p 128

[note: 86]_Ibid_

[note: 87]NE, p 126

[note: 88]Liaw’s AEIC, paras 25–27; NE, pp 125–126

[note: 89]Liaw’s AEIC, para 30

[note: 90]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 47

[note: 91]NE, p 94

[note: 92]NE, pp 86 and 97

[note: 93]NE, p 90

[note: 94]NE, p 82

[note: 95]NE, p 91

[note: 96]NE, pp 18–19

[note: 97]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 14

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

