Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Antariksa Logistics Pte Ltd and Others _v_ McTrans Cargo (S) Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 154

Case Number| :| Suit No 856 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 July 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Winston Kwek Choon Lin and Joseph Tang (Rajah & Tann LLP)
for the plaintiffs; Tan Thye Hoe Timothy and Gho Sze Kee (AsiaLegal LLC) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Antariksa Logistics Pte Ltd and Others — McTrans Cargo (S) Pte
Ltd  
  
30 July 2012|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This action concerned a claim in conversion. The acts which were the subject
of the complaint in conversion were alleged against the Defendant, McTrans
Cargo (S) Pte Ltd, whose Indonesian principal was PT Prolink Logistics
(hereinafter the Indonesian principal is referred to as “Prolink” or “Prolink
Logistics”). The Defendant denied liability for conversion and alleged, _inter
alia_ , that (a) it was an innocent agent who acted in good faith in relation
to the 30 x 40’ FCL containers (hereinafter referred to as “the 30 FCL
containers” or “the subject containers”), and that it was the named consignee
appointed by Prolink to receive the subject containers from the carriers,
handle the customs clearance process and store the subject containers in
Singapore; (b) the detention of the 30 FCL containers was in lawful exercise
of a possessory lien until storage and ancillary charges were paid, and (c)
the Plaintiffs were not entitled to the reliefs claimed as their claims were
tainted with illegality.

Overview of the proceedings

2 These proceedings have had a lengthy procedural history. The history
revealed a striking absence of ordinary commercial behaviour on the part of a
small forwarder with limited financial resources like the Defendant. A
reasonable and commercially minded party in the Defendant’s position would
have been anxious to extricate itself from the legal proceedings soonest
possible. Instead, it entrenched itself in these proceedings. By the same
token, there were opportunities where the Plaintiffs could have adopted a more
robust attitude to reign in matters somewhat so that a full blown trial for a
case of this nature could be averted. As it happened, the court proceedings
dragged on. Even the duration of the trial was extended from 15 days to 20
days.

3 A notable feature of these proceedings was the inconsistent defences adopted
by the Defendant that directly advanced Prolink’s dispute with the first three
Plaintiffs, and the Defendant’s own case. The Defendant’s conduct at different
stages of the proceedings contradicted the Defendant’s proclaimed role of an
innocent agent acting in good faith in relation to the 30 FCL containers.
Another unusual feature of this case concerned storage charges for the
containers and the Defendant’s willingness and apparent ability to keep up
with the storage charges that were allegedly incurred and continued to be
incurred at a third party warehouse and bonded godown. Significantly, no
counterclaim was brought against the Plaintiffs to recover any of the alleged
outstanding storage and ancillary charges.

4 The Writ of Summons issued on 13 October 2009 was for the 30 FCL containers
in the Defendant’s possession. Thereafter, the Defendant over a period of time
released about 83.84% of the total volume of the goods shipped in the 30 FCL
containers to various cargo interests. I will refer to this lot of cargo as
the “Group A Cargo”. At the time I gave judgment, the Defendant was still in
possession of the goods consolidated in three FCL containers (_ie_ , the
subject matter of the dispute), and I will refer to them as “the Group B
Cargo”. The three FCL containers were detained at two locations: Goodway
Agencies (Shipping) Pte Ltd at Keppel District Park (“Goodway Agencies”) and
at PSA Keppel Godown F5 Module K (“PSA Godown F5”).

5 At the early days of the trial, I was surprised to learn that the parties
had no idea of what the value of the Group B Cargo was and the state of its
condition since the last survey conducted in late April 2010\. It was amazing
to see this case come all the way to trial with little inkling and concern on
the part of the Defendant as to whether or not the value of the Group B Cargo
exceeded the relatively sizable outstanding charges indicated by the
Defendant. The condition of the Group B Cargo ought also to have concerned the
Plaintiffs since delivery up was their alternative relief. On my prompting,
the parties agreed to conduct a condition survey.

6 I found myself sufficiently troubled at the early days of the trial to
inquire about the Defendant’s intentions. Here was a Defendant who had
professed to have no personal knowledge of the subject matter of the various
disputes in Indonesia but nonetheless had taken upon itself the task of
proving all sorts of matters about liens and relationships arising from
bailment as well as the subject of the decisions of the Indonesian courts in
connection with the 30 FCL containers.

7 It was incomprehensible that the Defendant, who had claimed a lien and who
had actually withheld the 30 FCL containers until the Defendant’s and
Prolink’s charges and expenses were paid, had real difficulties working out
the total amount that was being secured by the exercise of the lien for the
charges and expenses. Certainly, the difficulties it displayed undermined the
credibility of the Defendant’s claim. By the end of the trial, it was patently
clear that the Defendant’s claim of lien to justify the detention of the
containers was illusory.

8 The two matters that occupied most of the trial were the proprietary title
of the 4th to 8th Plaintiffs, the 10th to 13th Plaintiffs and the 15th
Plaintiffs, and the Defendant’s illegality defence. Essentially, these
Plaintiffs were put to strict proof of their proprietary title. As for the
illegality plea, was there really a case for the illegality defence? Notably,
the Group A Cargo was released despite the Defendant’s position on illegality.
It appeared that the Defendant was willing to admit that the illegality did
not go to the Plaintiffs’ rights to the Group B Cargo so long as they paid for
their release. The Defendant’s illegality defence involved allegations that
the Plaintiffs smuggled the goods in the 30 FCL containers in contravention of
Indonesian customs law and regulations to defraud the Indonesian customs
authority, but no expert witness was called to testify on Indonesian law. This
led to a late application to call an expert on Indonesian law. Suffice it to
say that the application was dismissed for reasons that will be explained
later in this Grounds of Decision. There were also other legal and evidential
problems that caused the illegality defence to fail.

9 On 27 February 2012, I gave judgment in favour of the 4th to 8th Plaintiffs,
10th to 13th Plaintiffsand the 15th Plaintiff with damages to be assessed. I
will refer tothe 4th to 8th Plaintiffs, the 10th to 13th Plaintiffs and the
15th Plaintiffs as “the Group B Plaintiffs”. I also found the Defendant liable
in conversion as against the first three Plaintiffs, and granted them a
declaration that the Defendant was to indemnify them against all liabilities
and losses incurred arising from the conversion of the Group A Cargo and Group
B Cargo. As for the 14th and 16th Plaintiffs, their claims were dismissed with
costs due to their failure to file Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief and their
non-attendance during the trial.The 9th Plaintiff’s claim had also been
earlier dismissed by the Assistant Registrar on 4 October 2010 due to its
failure to file a list of documents for discovery.

Dramatis Personae

10 It would be convenient to begin by briefly identifying the parties to the
proceedings, the individuals and their participation in the events giving rise
to these proceedings, and those who gave evidence at the trial.

11 The first three Plaintiffs were companies incorporated in Singapore. The
companies operated a door-to-door service for shipment of goods from Singapore
to Jakarta, Indonesia. The first three Plaintiffs would consolidate goods
belonging to different customers into containers for outward shipment to
Jakarta. On arrival at the warehouses designated by the first three Plaintiffs
in Jakarta, the containers would be devanned and the parcels within separated
and delivered to the first three Plaintiffs’ customers or to their order. At
the Indonesian end, insofar as the first three Plaintiffs (who acted as main
forwarders) were concerned, they used agents to receive the containers and to
arrange for customs clearance and container transport to the designated
warehouses.

12 Tie Hari Mulya (“Hari”) was a director of the 2nd and 3rd Plaintiffs.
Hari’s wife, Linda Irawaty Lim, was the sole director and shareholder of the
1st Plaintiff. The first three Plaintiffs were managed by Hari and his wife.
Hari was the person who made arrangements with Nurdian Cuaca (“Cuaca”) in
respect of the door-to-door services required to be performed at the
Indonesian end for the outward shipment to Indonesia in February 2009 and the
return shipment to Singapore in September 2009. Hari gave evidence at the
trial on behalf of the first three Plaintiffs.

13 Lola Heng Kim Mui (“Lola”) was the 3rd Plaintiff’s shipping administrator
who coordinated the consolidation and shipment of the subject containers from
Singapore to Jakarta, Indonesia for discharge and delivery at the container
yard designated as “Jakarta UTC 1”.[note: 1] Lola had liaised with Radius
Artha Djaya (“Radius”) of Prolink Logistics on the documentation for the
subject containers to be landed at “Jakarta UTC 1” in February 2009\. She
again liaised with Radius on the documentation for the shipment of the subject
containers back to Singapore in September 2009. Lola’s impression from her
association with Radius was that the latter was from Prolink Logistics.[note:
2] Lola testified at the trial.

14 Kim Sutandi Tan (“Kim”) was the first three Plaintiffs’ representative in
Jakarta. Kim testified at the trial.

15 Cuaca was an Indonesian in the freight forwarding and logistics business.
He was Hari’s business associate of four years prior to the outward shipment
of the subject containers from Singapore to Jakarta in February 2009. Through
Hari, the first three Plaintiffs had an oral arrangement with Cuaca who
through Prolink, would handle the receipt, custom clearance and container
transport to warehouses designated by the first three Plaintiffs. For these
services, they would be paid by the first three Plaintiffs. Cuaca did not
testify at the trial.

16 In May 2009, Hari agreed with Cuaca to appoint Jonny Abbas (“Jonny”) to
arrange for the subject containers to be shipped back to Singapore under three
bills of lading, two of which were issued by APL Co Pte Ltd (“APL”) on 17
September 2009 and one by Samudera Shipping Line Ltd (“Samudera”) on 17
September 2009. The three bills of lading are collectively referred to as “the
September B/Ls”. Jonny and Radius were the controllers of Prolink Logistics
and PT Prolink Clare (“Prolink Clare”). Prolink Clare was the party named on
the September B/Ls as shipper of the subject containers. The name Prolink
Clare also appeared in some documents used in this case. Jonny and Radius did
not testify at the trial.

17 The Defendant was the consignee named on the September B/Ls and was at all
material times the agent appointed by Prolink Logistics. Fabian Tan
(“Fabian”), the sales director of the Defendant was Jonny’s contact. Fabian
took instructions from Jonny in relation to the subject containers. Fabian
testified at the trial.

18 Two other groups also testified at the trial. They were the cargo interests
(hereinafter referred to as “the cargo owners”) and suppliers of the Group B
Cargo. In this case, the Group B Plaintiffs purchased goods from suppliers in
Singapore and other countries, and they individually appointed either the 1st
Plaintiff, 2nd Plaintiff or 3rd Plaintiff to provide door-to-door freight
forwarding services from Singapore to Jakarta. The last two persons who took
the witness stand were the surveyors of the Group B Cargo.

Circumstances in which the Defendant came into possession of the 30 FCL
containers

February 2009 shipment from Singapore to Jakarta

19 The first stage was the outward shipment from Singapore to Indonesia of the
30 FCL containers in February 2009 (“the February shipment”). In this case,
the cargo owners (including the Group B Plaintiffs) purchased general goods
from suppliers in Singapore and other countries, and they individually
appointed either the 1stPlaintiff, 2nd Plaintiff or 3rd Plaintiff as their
freight forwarders to provide door-to-door freight forwarding services. For
their services, the customers were charged an “all-in-price”. In January 2009
to early February 2009, the customers’ general goods were consolidated and
stuffed into 40’ containers by Euro-Trans Logistics Pte Ltd (“Euro-Trans”) who
was appointed by the first three Plaintiffs. Besides Euro-Trans, Lola had
appointed the Defendant to stuff two full-container-load of general cargo.
Thereafter, the 30 FCL containers were shipped on board the vessels _Sinar
Sumba_ and _APL Shenzhen_ pursuant to three bills of lading – B/L No APLU
057309975 and B/L No APLU 057309976 both dated 18 February 2009, and B/L No
SSLSGJK1CHB682 dated 15 February 2009 (collectively, “the February B/Ls”).

20 The February B/Ls were surrendered in Singapore.

21 Upon the vessels’ arrival at the port of discharge, the carriers were to
deliver the subject containers to the consignees named on the February B/Ls.
It transpired that the carriers could not deliver the subject containers and
they were left at a designated area known as the Temporary Hoarding Area (TPS)
which was presumably used by the carriers’ seeing that the first three
Plaintiffs had to pay demurrage to carriers when the time came to ship the
subject containers back to Singapore in September 2009.

22 According to Hari, he met Cuaca in Jakarta in February 2009. At this
meeting Cuaca informed him that there was a delay as the 30 FCL containers had
not yet cleared Indonesian customs. Cuaca was instructed to look into sending
the 30 FCL containers back to Singapore if delays persisted. It transpired,
and this was not disputed by the parties, that Prolink had written to the
Indonesian customs authority for permission to take out the 30 FCL containers
in order to ship them back to Singapore on 26 February 2009\. Under Indonesian
regulations, the Indonesian customs authority had to give its decision within
30 days of the export request. Contrary to the regulations, the Indonesian
customs authority replied on 18 June 2009, after more than 3 months, and in
its reply rejected Prolink’s request. Prolink then turned to the Jakarta State
Administrative Court (“JSA Court”) to review the Indonesian customs
authority’s decision. On 14 August 2009, the JSA Court decided that the
Indonesian customs authority’s decision of 18 June 2009 was made out of time
and directed the latter to issue a “decision letter” to permit export of the
February shipment.[note: 3]

September 2009 shipment from Jakarta to Singapore

23 This stage concerned the shipment of the 30 FCL containers from Jakarta to
Singapore in September 2009 (“the September shipment”). After the decision of
the JSA Court, Cuaca in August 2009 informed Hari that the Indonesian customs
authority had finally permitted the February shipment to be returned to
Singapore. Hari and Cuaca agreed that the February shipment was to be returned
to the first three Plaintiffs, and the arrangement was to name the 1st
Plaintiff as consignee on the bills of lading.[note: 4] Kim had liaised with
Jonny on the September shipment.

24 In early September 2009, Jonny allegedly requested payment of US$170,000
for the carriers, APL and Samudera, and Rp 1.2 billion as demurrage
charges.[note: 5] Kim duly paid the following sums on behalf of the first
three Plaintiffs:

(a) US$170,000 to Jonny, of which US$120,000 was paid directly to APL and
Samudera for costs incurred in relation to the September shipment;

(b) Rp 1.2 billion being the demurrage fees (specifically for store rent and
related expenses).[note: 6]

25 Kim and one Charles Lie (“Charles”),[note: 7] a Singapore representative of
the first three Plaintiffs, went to APL’s Jakarta office on 17 September 2009
and obtained pro-forma bills of lading, B/L No APLU 073913272 and B/L No APLU
073913274.[note: 8] The 1st Plaintiff was named as consignee on both pro-forma
bills of lading.[note: 9] Arrival notices with the 1st Plaintiff as named
consignee were also sent to Lola.

26 However, things went awry for the first three Plaintiffs thereafter. I
noticed from the September B/Ls that the 30 FCL containers were shipped on
board the vessel _Sinar Sumba_ on 17 September 2009. Kim learned of the change
in the name of the consignee on 18 September 2009. She was informed on 18
September 2009 at 11 am by Samudera’s manager, one Dwi, by text message that
the consignee for the Samudera bill of lading, B/L No SSLJKSINCF7963, had been
changed to the Defendant.[note: 10] Kim asked Jonny about the sudden change of
consignee, but was simply told to inform Hari to contact Cuaca. On the same
day, Kim also received a call from one Mr Paulus from APL’s Jakarta office. Mr
Paulus informed her that the APL bills of lading had been telex-released to
the Defendant.

27 Hari then tried to call Cuaca. When they eventually spoke sometime on 18
September 2009, Cuaca assured Hari that although the September B/Ls had named
the Defendant as consignee, he would arrange for the 30 FCL containers to be
released to the first three Plaintiffs.[note: 11]

28 It was against the backdrop of the narrative set out above that the
Defendant took possession of the 30 FCL containers from the carriers on 19
September 2009 and stored them with Goodway Agencies and at PSA Godown F5
pending instructions from Prolink.

Circumstances in which the Defendant released the Group A Cargo

Legal proceedings against the Defendants

29 Despite Cuaca’s promise to Hari, the September shipment was not released to
the first three Plaintiffs in Singapore. As the evidence unfolded, the change
of consignee from the 1st Plaintiff to the Defendant had to do with Prolink’s
claim of Rp 45 billion against the first three Plaintiffs, and Prolink wanted
to be paid before the first three Plaintiffs could have the subject
containers. The first three Plaintiffs’ attempts to secure release of the 30
FCL containers including contacting the Defendant for the same were
unsuccessful. On 8 October 2009, Hari met Cuaca during which Cuaca demanded
that the first three Plaintiffs pay a further Rp 45 billion for the release of
the 30 FCL containers in Singapore. Hari rejected his demand.

30 In the meantime, on Prolink’s instructions the 30 FCL containers were
unstuffed between 25 September 2009 and 12 October 2009. Radius was present at
the unstuffing.

31 After their earlier failed attempts to contact the Defendant for the
release of the 30 FCL containers, the first three Plaintiffs appointed Messrs
Rajah & Tann (“R&T”), to write to the Defendant on 12 October 2009 demanding
that the Defendant deliver up the subject containers to the 1st Plaintiffs.
The Defendant did not respond by the deadline stipulated in R&T’s letter of
demand. Thereafter, the first three Plaintiffs instituted these proceedings on
13 October 2009 and, at the same time, applied for a mandatory injunction
_vide_ Summons No 5358 of 2009 (“SUM 5358/2009”) to compel the Defendant to
deliver up the subject containers. The Defendant responded with an application
to strike out the Writ of Summons _vide_ Summons No 5649 of 2009 (“SUM
5649/2009”) on 29 October 2009.

32 I will refer to the two applications (_ie_ , SUM 5358/2009 and SUM
5649/2009) as “the 2009 Interlocutory Applications”, and affidavits filed in
relation thereto as “the Interlocutory Affidavits”.

Arrangements between Prolink and the Defendant to release cargo

33 In his Interlocutory Affidavit filed on 29 October 2009, Fabian said that
he was contacted by Prolink Logistics on or about 14 or 15 September 2009 to
receive the 30 FCL containers. More than a year later, in his Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief affirmed in May 2011, the contact date was changed to on or
about 18 September 2009. The next day, _ie_ 19 September 2009, the Defendant
took delivery of the 30 FCL containers.

34 At the time the instructions to receive the subject containers were given
either on 14, 15 or 18 September 2009, the fact of the matter was that in
September 2009, Prolink had clearly _no_ authority to represent the cargo
owners or deal with their goods. However, the situation had changed by the
time Fabian filed his Interlocutory Affidavit on 29 October 2009 whereby
Fabian stated in paragraph 11 that the Defendant was obliged to “take
instructions from PT Prolink Logistics Indonesia on behalf of the owners of
the Cargo with regards to the distribution of the Cargo to the owners of the
Cargo in Singapore.” It transpired from a later Interlocutory Affidavit filed
on 19 November 2009 that Fabian was alluding to Powers of Attorney granted to
Prolink by the owners of the Group A Cargo[note: 12] (“the Prolink POAs”). It
was nonetheless clear that as at 29 October 2009, the Defendant did not have
copies of the Prolink POAs.

35 What happened was that Prolink had contacted various cargo owners (_ie_ ,
the first three Plaintiffs’ customers) to secure the appointment of Prolink
Logistics and/or Prolink Clare as attorney to deal with the goods in the
Defendant’s possession, and Prolink also concurrently sought the revocation of
the authority previously given to the first three Plaintiffs. Powers of
Attorney were executed at various dates ranging from 14 October 2009 to 13
November 2009. It is worthwhile setting out the text of the standard Power of
Attorney, and in particular the paragraph revoking the authority of the first
three Plaintiffs:

_KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS_ that we, ANDY WIRAWAN, the lawful owners of
the cargo set out in the list attached hereto, which forms part of the cargo
originally shipped from Singapore to Jakarta under APL Bills of Lading No.
APLU057309975 dated 18 February 2009 and APLU057309976 dated 18 February 2009
and Samudera Shipping Line Ltd SSLSGJK1CHB682 dated 15 February 2009, which
cargo is the subject matter of “Pengadilan Tata Usaha Negara Jakarta Salinan
Putusan Nomor 108/G/2009/PTUN-JKT dated 18 August 2009 (State Administrative
Court of Indonesia) (“the Cargo”) do hereby constitute and appoint **PT
PROLINK CLARE INDONESIA** OF Kompleks Karang Anyer No. 55 Blok A-1 No. 22/23
Jakarta-Indonesia, **PT PROLINK LOGISTICS INDONESIA** of Jalan Bukit Raya Ruko
Gading Bukit Indah Blok Q Nomor 31, Kelapa Gading Barat, Jakarta Utara and
**Endi Martono, SH** and **Benny Suprihartadi** , **SH** from ND Solicitor
(Counsellor and Attorney at law) of Bonang No. 23 Street, Menteng Jakarta
Indonesia Phone Number +6221-31901006, +6221-31900932, +6221-3162513 Fax
+6221-3162513 (herein after referred to as “our said Attorneys”) to be our
attorneys for and on behalf of us and in our name or otherwise with the powers
following exercisable in the Republic of Indonesia or elsewhere including but
not limited to the Republic of Singapore that is to say:- To act for and on
behalf of us in every respect as fully and effectually as we could act in
person in all matters relating and/or concerning the custody, possession, care
and/or control of the Cargo and the storage, shipment, transportation,
carriage, discharge, delivery, packing, unpacking, stuffing and destuffing of
the same and all matters ancillary related and/or in connection thereto all of
which we place in the unfettered control and discretion of our said Attorneys
with authority to bind us in relation thereto in any manner whatsoever
including (but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing authority)
full power to negotiate, liaise, contract, arrange, organize, manage and to
sign seal and deliver and execute documents in connection with the foregoing.

And we hereby declare:-

1\. That this Power of Attorney shall be conclusively binding on us and our
personal representatives in favour of third parties who have not received
notice of the revocation thereof but so that the exercise by our (sic) in
person from time to time of any of the powers hereby conferred shall not of
itself be deemed to be a revocation.

2\. That any previous authority or approval that had been given to ANTARIKSA
LOGISTICS PTE LTD and/or any other third parties by us to deal with or handle
the Cargo and/or its shipment and/or delivery and/or to take possession,
custody and/or control of the Cargo has been fully and unconditionally revoked
and withdrawn and ANTARIKSA LOGISTICS PTE LTD and/or any other third parties
have no authority to deal with or handle the cargo and/or its shipment and/or
delivery and/or to take possession, custody and/or control of the Cargo.

_IN WITNESS_ whereof we have hereunto set our hand and seal this 19th Oktober
day of Two thousand and nine (2009).

SIGNED SEALED and DELIVERED by the abovenamed

Stamp and Signed

ANDY WIRAWAN

the presence of:-

Sgd. Stamp Solicitor

Endi Martono, SH

Sgd.

Benny Suprehartadi, SH

No. 12/Legalization/X/2009

Seen for legalization of signature this document

· Mr Andy Wirawan, at Batu Tulis Street, Number 11-A, Central Jakarta

· Mr Endi Martono, SH of ND SOLICITOR at Bonang No23, Menteng – Central
Jakarta

· Mr Benny Suprihartadi, SH of ND SOLICITOR at Bonang No23, Menteng – Central
Jakarta

I know all the name and I have readied this document, to the parties come
before me

Tangerang, October 19, 2009

Public Notary in Tangerang

Sealed and Signed

Muhamad Ivan Palmar, SH

36 I now turn to the Defendant’s Further & Better Particulars filed on 22 June
2010 (“June F&PB”) wherein the Defendant acknowledged that Fabian had received
oral instructions from Jonny to release the cargo _from about the first week
of October 2009_ to the third week of November 2009\. This was despite the
Defendant’s averment that it did not know the dates that the Prolink POAs were
granted since it was Prolink who had obtained them.[note: 13] However, it was
clear that Fabian had wanted the release of the goods to be authorised by
cargo owners. Prolink POAs were granted to either Prolink Clare or to both
Prolink Logistics and Prolink Clare.

37 In addition, the June F&BP stated the actual release of cargo started as
early as 13 October 2009 to Comstar Mobile Pte Ltd (“Comstar”).[note: 14] The
documentation covering the cargo released to Comstar included Prolink Clare’s
cargo release authorisation to the Defendant dated 12 October 2009, which was
marked for Fabian’s attention[note: 15] as well as the Defendant’s Delivery
Order to Comstar dated 13 October 2009[note: 16] and signed by Comstar to
acknowledge receipt of the goods. This release to Comstar on 13 October 2009
was _before_ the Power of Attorney was executed by Comstar on 14 October
2009.[note: 17] Another instance of an early authorisation to release of cargo
was to one Henri Dedy Yanto.[note: 18] The documentation covering the cargo
released to UBTS Technologies (“UTBS”) on behalf of Henri Dedy Yanto included
Prolink Clare’s cargo release authorisation to the Defendant dated 13 October
2009 and marked for Fabian’s attention.[note: 19] The release authorisation
was before the relevant Power of Attorney which was executed a day
later.[note: 20] The Defendant’s delivery order to UBTS was dated 14 October
2009.[note: 21]

38 As at 19 November 2009, the Group A Cargo was released.[note: 22]
Furthermore, the Group A Cargo was released before any substantive hearing of
the 2009 Interlocutory Applications.

Subsequent events

Joinder of 4th to 16th Plaintiffs in 2010

39 After the Group A Cargo was released, R&T, on behalf of the remaining cargo
owners, repeatedly asked the Defendant to provide the full claim amount of the
charges and expenses allegedly owing to the Defendant so that the cargo owners
could consider payment into court _in lieu_ of the Defendant withholding the
Group B Cargo as security. No figure on the quantum was forthcoming. I would
venture to state that had the Plaintiffs taken a more robust attitude on this
issue, the illusory lien would have come to light much earlier in the
proceedings. Instead, their response was to file an application to join the
4th to 16th Plaintiffs to the action, and an order was obtained on 25 January
2010. Their pleaded case was conversion by detention: that the Group B Cargo
was detained by the Defendant, and that this detention amounted to conversion.
The Defendant adopted the same three defences outlined in [1] above against
the Group B Plaintiffs.

Outcome of the Interlocutory Applications

40 SUM 5358/2009 (_ie_ , the Plaintiffs’ application for mandatory injunction
to deliver up) was adjourned numerous times. Eventually, no order was made on
SUM 5358/2009 on the final hearing on 28 June 2010. The issue of costs of the
application was reserved to the trial Judge.

41 SUM No 5649/2009 (_ie_ , the defendant’s application to strike out the Writ
of Summons) was dismissed by the Assistant Registrar on 20 January 2010.

The main issues

42 The claim in this action was in conversion. The determinative issues raised
by the Defendant to challenge the claim in conversion were as follows:

(a) Issue 1: Conversion.

(i) Whether the Plaintiffs had _locus standi_ to sue the Defendant in
conversion; and

(ii) Whether the Defendant was an “innocent agent”, and if not, whether its
conduct amounted to acts of conversion rather than mere ministerial acts of a
_bona fide_ intermediary.

(b) Issue 2: Possessory lien as a defence to conversion

(i) Whether the Defendant enjoyed a lien over the September shipment including
the Group B Cargo and was entitled to claim storage and other charges pursuant
to a possessory lien.

(c) Issue 3: Illegality

(i) Whether the Plaintiffs’ claim was tainted by illegality and as such the
Plaintiffs were not entitled to the reliefs claimed.

43 I will set out the grounds for my decision on Issue 1 first. The other two
issues were easily disposed of primarily because they were not made out as a
matter of law and evidence. The Defendant’s blunderbuss arguments not only
undermined the credibility of its defences, but also contributed to this
lengthy Grounds of Decision.

Issue 1: Conversion

General principles

44 To succeed in a claim for conversion, a plaintiff must show that:

(a) it has actual possession of, or the right to immediate possession of the
chattel converted; and that

(b) the right to sue for conversion existed at the time of the conversion; and
that

(c) the defendant acted in a manner inconsistent with the plaintiff’s superior
possessory title.

These elements have been set out in _The Cherry_ _and others_ [2003] 1 SLR(R)
471 at [58] (_“The Cherry”_) and _Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd v Orix
Leasing Singapore Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 (“ _Tat Seng_ ”) (see also _Clerk
& Lindsell on Torts_ (Michael A Jones & Anthony Dugdale gen and consultant
eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2010) (“ _Clerk & Lindsell_”); and Gary Chan
Kok Yew & Lee Pey Woan, _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing,
2011) (“ _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ ”)).

45 Conversion can take many forms. At its core, an act of conversion occurs
when there is an unauthorised taking of possession of a chattel with the
“intention of exercising a permanent or temporary dominion over it” (_Tat
Seng_ at [45] affirming R F V Heuston and R A Buckley, _Salmond & Heuston on
the Law of Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 1996); see also _Clerk &
Lindsell_ at para 17-09 to 17-10). Conversion has also been characterised as
“conduct which has the effect of denying the claimant of his superior
possessory title in the goods” (_The Law of Torts in Singapore_ at para 11.004
citing Sarah Green & John Randall, _The Tort of Conversion_ (Hart Publishing,
2009) at p 65–66). Generally, it is not a viable defence to a claim in
conversion that the defendant was ignorant of the plaintiff’s rights or was
merely acting innocently as an agent for someone else (_Clerk & Lindsell_ at
para 17-72 to 17-73).

46 However, an innocent agent’s act in ignorance of the plaintiff’s rights has
been successfully raised as a defence in cases involving an intermediary agent
whose act was seen as _prima facie_ ministerial because it was performed in
good faith and without notice of his principal’s lack of title. Given the
factual scenario outlined, it is hardly surprising that no presumption of a
conversion can be raised (_Clerk & Lindsell_ at para 17-75). The Court of
Appeal in _Tat Seng_ held at [48] that:

[A]n intermediary who stores goods, such as a forwarding agent who packs and
ships goods or a warehouse operator, does not render himself liable in
conversion merely because his employer has no title, if he acts in good faith
(see  _Clerk and Lindsell_ ...at para 17-71). However, where an intermediary
agent, such as an auctioneer, interferes with the title of the true owner by
making a sale on behalf of a person without title or proper authority,
altogether different considerations apply. In the former instance, there is a
long line of established authority that accepts that the temporary possession
by the carrier or warehouse operator does not  _sufficiently interfere_ with
the title to the goods to warrant liability for conversion (see [57]–[64]
below). It will be readily appreciated that in the latter case the involvement
of the agent is not merely ministerial. An auctioneer's conduct goes beyond
the mere transport or storage of goods and constitutes a  _substantial and
real interference_ with title as he is asked to sell the goods (see [65]
below). However, **_it is not always easy to draw a distinction between
justifiable handling and acts of conversion when different types of
intermediaries handle goods. In the ultimate analysis, the degree of
involvement is crucial, as is the question of whether the intermediary was
acting in the ordinary course of business._**

[emphasis in original in italics and emphasis added in bold italics]

47 The underlying rationale of the line of cases on innocent intermediaries
was explained in _Tat Seng_ (at [58]) as arising from “the compelling need to
ameliorate the hardship engendered by the remedy of conversion... for
intermediaries who deal[t] with goods in good faith”. Thus, in _Francis
Hollins v George Fowler_ (1874–5) LR 7 HL 757 (“ _Fowler_ ”) at 766–767
(affirmed in _Tat Seng_ at [58]–[60]), Blackburn J observed in _Fowler_ that:

I cannot find it anywhere distinctly laid down, but I submit to your Lordships
that **on principle, one who deals with goods at the request of the person who
has actual custody of them**** _, in the bona fide belief that the custodier
is the true owner_** , **_or has the authority of the true owner_** , should
be excused for what he does if the act is of such a nature as would be excused
if done by the authority of the person in possession, if he was a finder of
the goods, or intrusted with their custody.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

In relation to warehousemen (though I should add that the Defendant was not
one), Blackburn J observed at 767 that:

Thus, a warehouseman with whom goods have been deposited is guilty of no
conversion by keeping them, or restoring them to the person who deposited them
with him, though that person turns out to have had no authority from the true
owner...

48 “Ministerial acts” are acts that do not sufficiently interfere with the
rights of the true owner, or to put it in another way, are not extensive
enough to amount to an encroachment on the true owner’s right of use and
possession (_Tat Seng_ at [87] and [92]). Tuckey LJ in _Marcq v Christie
Manson & Woods Ltd_ [2004] QB 286 put it as such (at [14]):

[The submission that any unauthorised possession of goods amounted to
conversion] flies in the face of a long line of authority which shows that
possession of goods by an agent on the instructions of their apparent owner
for the purpose of carrying out what have been described as ministerial acts
such as storage or carriage does not amount to conversion. _The possession in
such cases is inconsistent with the rights of the true owner and is deliberate
but does not encroach sufficiently on the owner’s title to the goods_...

[emphasis added]

49 One way to prove _bona fide_ belief is to adduce evidence that whatever was
done was consistent with the ordinary business conduct of the intermediary.
Once there is _prima facie_ evidence of the defendant’s  _bona fide_ belief
that it was dealing with the owner or with his authority, the  _evidential_
burden of proving conversion shifts to the plaintiff (see _Tat Seng_ at [87]
and [94]).

50 The facts of _Tat Seng_ , in brief, are as follows. Orix Leasing Singapore
Ltd (“Orix”) leased a Heidelberg 4-colour off-set print machine (‘the
machine”) to a company, Rav Graphics Pte Ltd (“RGPL”), on hire-purchase terms.
In 2006, RGPL shifted its office from Toh Guan to new premises. One Crispian
Tan (“Crispian”) who was a director and shareholder of RGPL hired Kenzone
Logistics Pte Ltd (“Kenzone”) to facilitate the shift. Kenzone then approached
Tat Seng to transport the machine to the new premises. The initial instruction
from RGPL was to shift the machine to a warehouse owned by a third party, Hock
Cheong Transport Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd. The warehouse refused to accept the
machine when Tat Seng’s lorries arrived. Kenzone then requested Tat Seng to
provide temporary storage space for the machine. Tat Seng stored the machine
for four days until 4 September 2006, when it was removed from their premises
at the request of Crispian and loaded on Malaysian-registered trailers
pursuant to an alleged sale that Crispian had arranged. Orix sued Tat Seng for
conversion of the machine.

51 The Court of Appeal in _Tat Seng_ at [96] helpfully laid down the approach
to be applied (and where the burden of proof lies) where a defendant seeks to
rely on the argument that it is an innocent intermediary:

(a) When an allegation of conversion is made against a carrier (which
includes, in the present summary of principles, a bailee such as a warehouse
operator), typically, **_the carrier will be able to absolve itself from a
finding of actual notice by showing that it reasonably acted in the ordinary
course of business._** The defendant-carrier must therefore plead in its
defence the relevant facts it intends to rely on to show that it reasonably
acted in the ordinary course of business. **_To discharge this burden of
proof, we think that the defendant-carrier will need to adduce a modest amount
of facts to show that the transaction was of the type usually undertaken by it
in the course of its ordinary business._** What will usually be important is
the nature of the defendant-carrier's business, how it is normally engaged and
the particular circumstances in which it received and carried out the terms of
the relevant engagement.

(b) **_Once the defendant-carrier has adduced credible evidence that it has
acted in the ordinary course of business_** , **_the evidential burden of
proof to establish conversion is then transferred back to the claimant_**. The
claimant has to show that the defendant-carrier had notice of some sort of
impropriety or was otherwise not acting in the ordinary course of business.
**_If the claimant intends to dispute the defendant-carrier's assertion that
it acted in the ordinary course of business, the claimant must plead in its
reply, all the facts that it intends to rely on to show that the defendant-
carrier had actual notice of some impropriety or was otherwise not acting in
the ordinary course of business._** This can be done,  _inter alia_ , by
pleading facts that point towards the defendant-carrier's knowledge that the
goods which it was dealing with were the subject of competing claims or that
the circumstances in which the engagement was either received or carried out
were unusual. If the claimant does not both plead and prove these facts, its
claim against the defendant-carrier will fail.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

52 With the above principles and guidance in mind, I now turn to the various
issues identified earlier.

Plaintiffs’ legal standing to sue

The first three Plaintiffs

53 It is reasonably clear that all that is required to sue in conversion is a
right to immediate possession. This right to immediate possession arises from
the existence of a legal relationship of bailor and bailee as a matter of
general principle of law on bailment.

54 I examined the course of dealings to see whether the first three Plaintiffs
and the customers who had engaged them for their door-to-door freight
forwarding services in respect of the subject containers stood in a bailor and
bailee relationship. I was satisfied that the evidence supported the
relationship as described. It was not disputed that the first three Plaintiffs
received and through Euro Trans (who was appointed by the first three
Plaintiffs) consolidated the goods into containers. At the consolidation
stage, so far as the possession of the goods was concerned, the legal position
is that the goods were sub-bailed to Euro-Trans into whose actual possession
the goods came into. The Defendant was also involved with the consolidation of
goods into two other containers. More importantly, the 30 FCL containers were
loaded on board the vessels _Sinar Sumba_ and _APL Shenzhen_ for carriage from
Singapore to Jakarta for discharge and delivery at Jakarta UTC 1 container
yard. During this voyage by sea, the carriers were in possession of the 30 FCL
containers as sub-bailees.

55 The first three Plaintiffs had appointed, as their receiving agent, Prolink
Logistics (which Hari believed was Cuaca’s company), to make the necessary
arrangements for customs clearance of the 30 FCL containers and other services
for which the first three Plaintiffs had undertaken responsibility _vis-à-vis_
their customers. As such, the first three Plaintiffs would have had a right of
indemnity against their sub-bailee in respect of any loss that the first three
Plaintiffs might incur.

56 It was not disputed that it was the responsibility of the first three
Plaintiffs _vis-à-vis_ their customers to send back the 30 FCL containers to
Singapore after the carriers could not deliver the 30 FCL containers. After
all, the first three Plaintiffs as head bailees under the door-to-door service
agreement with their customers who had purchased the goods were entitled, if
not obliged, to protect and preserve the February shipment. It was not
surprising, and it was clear on the evidence, that the first three Plaintiffs
had appointed their receiving agent (_ie_ , sub-bailee), Prolink Logistics, to
arrange for the 30 FCL containers to be shipped back to Singapore. The first
three Plaintiffs’ rights and interests in the 30 FCL containers were
acknowledged by Cuaca and/or Prolink as evident from the efforts they took to
keep the subject containers out of the control and possession of the first
three Plaintiffs in order to pressurise Hari into paying what Prolink wanted.
It was not clear on the admissible evidence what the precise dispute between
Hari and Cuaca and/or Prolink was save that Hari was asked to pay Rp 45
billion. Their dispute presumably had to do with services of Prolink that were
rendered to the first three Plaintiffs.

57 After permission to ship back the subject containers was obtained, it was
incumbent upon Prolink to ensure that the subject containers were consigned to
the 1st Plaintiff as instructed by the first three Plaintiffs, and not to
unilaterally send the subject containers to a different consignee. By reason
of the unauthorised switch of consignee to the Defendant as Prolink’s agent, I
held that the sub-bailment ended and the right of possession to the bailed
property (_ie_ , the 30 FCL containers) re-vested in the first three
Plaintiffs as the head bailees (_Tat_ _Seng_ at [52]).

58 The legal position (as I found) was that the first three Plaintiffs had (as
early as 18 September 2009, and certainly by 13 October 2009) a cause of
action in conversion against Prolink, and the cause of action could not be
extinguished by virtue of the fact that Prolink had purported to perfect (or
perfected) its subsequent possessory title to the goods by virtue of the
Prolink POAs obtained from the owners of the Group A Cargo.

59 In the circumstances, the true nature of the Defendant’s title to the goods
(as I found as a determination of a preliminary question on 15 November 2011)
was a bare possessory title. The Defendant’s title was only as good as its
principal’s. The Defendant’s bare possessory right was limited in the sense
that the Defendant could retain the goods until a party with a superior
interest came into the picture to ask for the goods. Lightman J in _Costello v
Chief Constable of Derbyshire Constabulary_ [2001] EWCA Civ 381 at [14]
affirmed the principles laid down in _Webb v Chief Constable of Merseyside
Police_ [2000] 2 WLR 546 on the strength of a party’s bare possessory title as
follows:

(i) The fact of possession of a chattel of itself gives to the possessor a
possessory title and the possessor is entitled to rely on such title without
reference to the circumstances in which such possession was obtained: his
entitlement to do so is not prejudiced by the fact that he obtained such
possession unlawfully or under an illegal transaction. His claim can only be
defeated by proof of a title superior to his possessory title;

(ii) In the case of competing claims to ownership, (in the case of personalty
as in the case of realty), titles are relative and the issue falls to be
determined by reference to the relative strengths of the two claims and the
party with the better title (however frail it may be) is entitled to
succeed...

60 The fact that the Defendant was the named consignee on the September B/Ls
did not add anything to its bare possessory title. As named consignee on a
bill of lading, this status merely gave the Defendant a contractual right to
obtain delivery of the containers _vis-à-vis_ the carrier (Sir Richard Aikens,
Richard Lord and Michael Bools, _Bills of Lading_ (Informa Law, 2006) at para
5.3 (“ _Bills of Lading_ ”)). This proposition was succinctly laid down by the
court in _The “Future Express”_ [1992] 2 Lloyd’s Law Reports 79 at 96 (which
was affirmed on appeal in _The “Future Express”_ [1993] 2 Lloyd’s Law Reports
542) (see also _Bills of Lading_ at para 5.11 to 5.18):

As to the second reason why the transfer of the bills [of lading] did not
operate as an attornment... once it is held that the effect of a transfer of a
bill of lading depends on the presumed intention of the parties, then it makes
sense _only to recognize that the parties have used a bill of lading to pass
constructive possession of the goods to the transferee if it was intended that
following the transfer the transferee should have some property in or
possessory right to the goods. This seems to me the reason why there is no
reported case where the law has provided a remedy to a party who can establish
no more than that he is the lawful holder of a bill of lading._ It may
therefore be impossible for a party who acquires no property in or possessory
right to the goods to establish a title to sue the owners [in conversion for
example] by virtue of an attornment arising simply from the transfer of the
bill.

[emphasis added]

61 Therefore, as between the first three Plaintiffs and the Defendant, the
former as head bailees had a title superior to the Defendant’s bare possessory
title to the 30 FCL containers. The first three Plaintiffs had the right to
immediate possession of the 30 FCL containers, and, therefore, had the right
to sue the Defendant in conversion on 13 October 2009. This was clearly the
legal position until their authority to act for the owners of the Group A
Cargo was revoked by the Prolink POAs obtained between 14 October 2009 and 13
November 2009. However, the first three Plaintiffs continued to enjoy the
right to immediate possession of the Group B Cargo as against the Defendant.

The Group B Plaintiffs

62 The Defendant also challenged the Group B Plaintiffs’ proprietary title to
the Group B Cargo. For easier reading of this already lengthy Grounds of
Decision, the detailed findings on this issue are found in Annexure A to this
Grounds of Decision. Suffice it to say for present purposes that I found for
the Group B Plaintiffs on the issue of proprietary title. I was satisfied on
the evidence that they had fully paid for their respective goods.
Representatives of the Group B Plaintiffs and, in some cases, the suppliers
from whom they purchased the goods came to testify that the goods were paid
for. Whilst the Defendant tried to attack some of Group B Plaintiffs’
proprietary title for the incomplete documentary proof, the overall evidence
on a balance of probabilities was in favour of the Group B Plaintiffs’ claim
to proprietary title. An added factor in their favour was that at no point in
time had any other person come forward to make an adverse claim for the goods.
I was satisfied with the evidence on the Group B Plaintiffs’ proprietary
title, and I found in their favour on the issue of ownership of the Group B
Cargo.

63 Besides their proprietary title, counsel for the Plaintiffs, Mr Winston
Kwek (“Mr Kwek”), submitted that the Group B Plaintiffs had the right to
immediate possession by virtue of their “paramount possessory rights” as
owners of the Group B Cargo[note: 23], with the reversionary interests or
title to sue for their respective goods in the Group B Cargo.[note: 24] I
digress for a moment to emphasise that ownership is neither a necessary nor
determinative criterion for the purposes of determining whether a party can
sue for conversion (see _Tat Seng_ at [49] affirming _"The Cherry"_ at [58]
and [64]). Ownership and the right to immediate possession are distinct
concepts and the distinction is important in a claim for conversion (see
generally _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ at para 11.020 for an explanation of
this distinction in a claim for conversion).

64 Returning to the Group B Plaintiffs’ status, I was satisfied that the Group
B Plaintiffs enjoyed the right to immediate possession as bailors of their
respective shares in the Group B Cargo. This is notwithstanding the evidence
that the Group B Plaintiffs never came into actual possession of the Group B
Cargo – actual possession of the goods is not necessary to constitute a party
as bailor (_Belvoir Finance Co Ltd v Stapleton_ [1971] 1 QB 219 at 217 (“
_Belvoir”_)). The learned authors of _Goods in Transit and Freight Forwarding_
(Sweet and Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2010) thus noted at p 165:

There can be a bailment by an owner without his ever having taken possession
of the chattel bailed so long as the title to it or at least the right to
possess it has passed to him. Generally it is not necessary for the bailor
himself to have made the actual delivery of the goods to the bailee.

65 In _Belvoir_ , the plaintiff finance company purchased three cars from
motor dealers. Belgravia Car Hire Co Ltd (“Belgravia”) obtained these cars
from the plaintiff under a hire-purchase agreement. Belgravia then let these
cars out on hire. The plaintiff did not take actual possession of the cars;
the cars were instead delivered by the dealers directly to Belgravia. The
defendant, Belgravia’s assistant manager, subsequently sold the three cars to
another party, without the plaintiff’s consent. The plaintiff sued the
defendant for conversion. The defendant sought to argue that the contracts of
sale between the motor dealers and the plaintiffs were tainted with
illegality, and that the plaintiff had to rely on the illegal contract as it
never gained possessory title in the cars. Lord Denning MR dismissed the
appeal, holding the following (at p 217):

Mr. Ross-Munro laid great stress on the fact that here the finance company had
never taken delivery of the car. It had gone straight from the dealers to
Belgravia. He submitted that, where a transferee had never taken possession of
the thing, he could not rely on the proposition: “As against a wrongdoer,
possession is title”: because he never had possession. So the finance company
had to rely on the agreement of sale to them in order to give them title or a
right to possession. But the agreement was illegal. And the courts would not
allow them to rely on it...

I do not accept this distinction taken by Mr. Ross-Munro. I think that the
proposition stated in _Singh v. Ali_ [1960] A.C. 167, 176, applies even where
the transferee has not taken possession of the property, so long as the title
to it has passed... The dealers, who sold the car to the finance company,
cannot claim it back from anyone. They have received their price and are out
of the picture. Belgravia, who re-sold the car illegally to a purchaser,
cannot claim it from him or anyone else: for they have received the price too.
The only persons who can claim it are the finance company who paid for it and
have not been re-paid.

66 While these observations were made in the context of a hire purchase
contract, I was of the view that the principle to be drawn was that the party
with the “ultimate possessory entitlement” could be a bailor notwithstanding
that it never came into actual possession of the goods (_Palmer on Bailment_
(Thomson Reuters (Legal) Limited, 3rd Ed, 2009) (“ _Palmer on Bailment_ ”) at
para 2-015). This was exemplified in the relationship between the Group B
Plaintiffs and the first three Plaintiffs. Title passed to the Group B
Plaintiffs when the goods they ordered from their suppliers were delivered to
the first three Plaintiffs as their appointed agents, or, at the latest, when
payment for the goods was made in full (where payment was subsequent to the
delivery of possession to the first three Plaintiffs). On the facts, I was
satisfied that the Group B Plaintiffs were bailors of the goods with the
ultimate right to immediate possession.

Concurrent standing to sue

67 I now turn to a related argument. Mr Timothy Tan (“Mr Tan”), counsel for
the Defendant, claimed that the first three Plaintiffs as head bailees and the
Group B Plaintiffs as bailors could not concurrently enjoy the right to
immediate possession to the Group B Cargo. Mr Tan submitted that “it is not
possible for all the Plaintiffs to have rights of immediate possession of all
of the [30 FCL containers] all at the same time”,[note: 25] and complained
that the Plaintiffs had put forth “contradictory and overlapping claims”
through the joinder of the Group B Plaintiffs to the action. This submission
was ill-founded and erroneous.

68 Mr Tan made no distinction between a bailment for a term and a bailment at
will. It is true that where there is a bailment for a term, only the bailee
enjoys the right to immediate possession during the subsistence of that term.
Hence, only the bailee, and not the bailor, can sue in conversion _(see Siew
Kong Engineering Works (a firm) v Lian Yit Engineering Sdn Bhd and another_
[1993] 1 SLR(R) 736 at [9] & [10]; _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ at para
11.028). On the other hand, under a bailment at will, both the bailor and the
bailee enjoy the concurrent standing to sue third parties and sub-bailees for
conversion _(The “Endurance 1” ex “Tokai Maru”_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 120 at [33] (“
_Tokai Maru_ ”); _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ at para 11.028). In _East
West Corpn v DKBS AF 1912 A/S and another; Utaniko Ltd v P & O Nedlloyd BV_
[2003] QB 1509, Mance LJ at [27] affirmed the principle that the bailee and
bailor’s standing to sue in conversion can be concurrent _:_

[I]n _Transcontainer Express Ltd v Custodian Security Ltd_ [1988] 1 Lloyd's
Rep 128, 134[,]... The plaintiffs there were international carriers who had
subcontracted the United Kingdom leg to another carrier. The argument that
they wished to advance was that the subcontract involved a bailment
determinable at will, so that their own right to immediate possession at all
times remained... The authorities cited included _The Okehampton_ [1913] P
173, where... Hamilton LJ said, at p 182:

... the passage cited from Pollock & Wright on Possession in the Common Law, p
166, para 4, is, I think quite sufficient authority for saying that even if
the shipowners had possession so as to make them sub-bailees to [the
plaintiffs], such bailment was revocable at pleasure, and there was no adverse
right in the shipowners, so long as the time-hire was paid by [the head
charterers]. Accordingly, there was interest enough in the plaintiffs to
entitle them to bring this action."

The passage from Pollock & Wright on Possession in the Common Law (1888) was
identified in _Transcontainer Express Ltd v Custodian Security Ltd_ [1988] 1
Lloyd's Rep 128, 134, as a passage reading:

"**_The remedies of the bailee are not always exclusive_** , for the bailor by
reason of his right to possession **_may retain concurrently_** with him a
sufficient right to maintain trespass and theft against strangers. **_This
seems to be the case wherever the bailment is revocable by the bailor at his
pleasure either unconditionally or upon a condition which he may satisfy at
will_**."

[emphasis added in bold italics]

69 In this case, the relationship between the first three Plaintiffs and the
Group B Plaintiffs was a bailment at will, because the first three Plaintiffs
received the Group B Cargo on their behalf for the primary purpose of shipping
them to the Group B Plaintiffs in Indonesia, rather than for a term. The Group
B Plaintiffs had the right to revoke the bailment at any time; indeed, it was
intended that the first three Plaintiffs send the Group B Cargo to the Group B
Plaintiffs in Indonesia as quickly as possible. Until delivered, the first
three Plaintiffs were obliged to preserve and protect the Group B Cargo. In
fact, the Group B Plaintiffs confirmed the authority of the first three
Plaintiffs to continue to deal with the Group B Cargo by granting Powers of
Attorney in favour of Hari and his wife (below at [82]). My conclusion that
the bailment was a bailment at will was reinforced by the ease in which the
owners of Group A Cargo could and did revoke at will the first three
Plaintiffs’ authority by signing the Prolink POAs. Accordingly, both the first
three Plaintiffs and the Group B Plaintiffs had concurrent standing to sue in
conversion.

70 This proposition is, of course, subject to the rule that if either the
bailor or the bailee recovers from a wrongdoer in full, the other may not
bring a “separate and independent” claim against the wrongdoer (_Palmer on
Bailment_ at para 4-116). In _Tokai Maru_ , the High Court held at [38] that:

There stems from the above an important derivative rule which is relevant to
this case. It is this: Where there are more than one bailor of a thing and one
of them recovers or otherwise deals with a third person the other bailor is
barred further recovery from the third person. "The wrongdoer having once paid
full damages to the bailee, has an answer to the bailor," said Collins MR in
_The Winkfield_ at 61.

71 During the course of the trial, Mr Kwek confirmed that there would be no
claims for the same loss, and that there were no contradictory and overlapping
claims. He confirmed that the reliefs sought by the Group B Plaintiffs were
different from that of the first three Plaintiffs whose claim was limited to
seeking an indemnity against any recourse by their customers by reason of the
Defendant’s conversion.

Was the Defendant an innocent intermediary?

Overview

72 The Defendant’s sales director, Fabian, who was the Defendant’s only
witness (other than a cargo surveyor), maintained that the Defendant did not
know of the arrangements between the first three Plaintiffs and Cuaca, Jonny,
Radius, and Prolink. He maintained that the Defendant was authorised by
Prolink to receive the 30 FCL containers on behalf of the cargo owners, and
that the Defendant was entitled to take possession of the 30 FCL containers as
the consignee named on the September B/Ls. To demonstrate that the Defendant’s
appointment was in the ordinary course of business, Fabian testified that
Prolink had contacted the Defendant to inquire about its charges in July or
August 2009, and that he had responded with the usual quotation. He did not
hear from Prolink after the quotation was sent until September 2009.[note: 26]
Arrival notices from APL and Samudera were then sent to the Defendant on 18
September 2009 (“the Arrival Notices”). The Defendant as consignee took
possession of the 30 FCL containers on 19 September 2009. The unstuffing of
the 30 FCL containers were authorised by Prolink. The subsequent release of
Group A Cargo and detention of Group B Cargo were on the instructions of
Prolink. For all intents and purposes, Mr Tan submitted that the Defendant’s
acts were ministerial in nature and no claim in conversion was maintainable
against the Defendant.

73 In response, Mr Kwek pointed out that it would not lie in the mouth of the
Defendant to claim that it had no reason to even suspect that the first three
Plaintiffs’ rights had been interfered with before the Writ of Summons was
filed.

74 The Defendant’s assertion that it was a mere intermediary carrying out its
principal’s instructions without notice of any competing claims and in the
_bona fide_ belief that the principal were in a position to give lawful
instructions could not be further from the truth. In fact, the Defendant’s
acts and conduct were intentional and had the effect of denying the first
three Plaintiffs of their superior possessory title to the subject containers.
The evidence showed that, at all material times, the Defendant knew that the
first three Plaintiffs were entitled to the 30 FCL containers, and that the
Defendant’s principal had no authority to give lawful instructions in relation
to the subject containers. The evidence also showed that the Defendant
assisted Prolink to interfere with and to undermine the first three
Plaintiffs’ right to immediate possession.

Analysis of the evidence

75 In this part of the grounds, the matters set out under the sub-heading
“Arrangement between Prolink and the Defendant to release cargo” (above at
[33] to [38]) will be considered in the context of my analysis of the overall
evidence.

76 A good starting point is 18 September 2009 when Lola spoke to Brendan Wee
(“Brendan”), the Defendant’s managing drector,[note: 27] about the 30 FCL
containers. Her unchallenged testimony was that in that telephone
conversation, Brendan acknowledged that the 30 FCL containers were supposed to
be consigned to the first three Plaintiffs, but he would require Fabian’s
permission before releasing the 30 FCL containers to the first three
Plaintiffs. Lola called Brendan again on the same day, but was informed that
Fabian was in a meeting. Brendan again reiterated that he would need specific
instructions from Fabian before he could release the 30 FCL containers to the
first three Plaintiffs.[note: 28] Lola and Charles attended the unstuffing of
the Cargo from 25 September 2009 to 12 October 2009 at Goodway Agencies after
Lola was informed of the unstuffing of the 30 FCL containers by Radius. Lola
was further notified by Radius that the unstuffing would go ahead whether Lola
was present or not. At the unstuffing, Lola met Radius and she demanded the
release of the 30 FCL containers from Radius.

77 Fabian was present at the unstuffing. He admitted in cross-examination that
he knew that the first three Plaintiffs were interested in the goods as he saw
their representatives at the unstuffing:[note: 29]

Mr Kwek: |  ... [I]f the first to the third plaintiffs were not interested in the cargo, they had nothing to do with the cargo, they would not have been invited [to jointly _witness the unstuffing of the cargo_]_; do you agree?_  
---|---  
Fabian: |  Yes.  
Q:  |  So because they were invited to attend, and witness the unstuffing, that means that they got something to do with the cargo.  
A: |  I agree.   
Q: |  To be fair to you, do you know what is their interest? Do you know why they were invited?  
A: |  I just thought they were invited to joint survey the cargo inspection.  
Court:  |  Sorry can you give me your answer again?  
Fabian:  |  I was told by Jonny Abbas that he had invited them for joint inspections on the cargo for unstuffing.   
  
  

78 Incidentally, Lola was no stranger to Fabian. As Fabian admitted, she had
given him some business by engaging the Defendant to consolidate two full-
container-load that was part of the February shipment.[note: 30] The same two
containers (_ie_ , Container No TCNU 831958-2 (Seal No 0226555) and Container
No TRLU 698671-5 (Seal No 0142149))[note: 31] were returned and received by
the Defendant on 19 September 2009.

79 After Lola’s oral demands went unheeded, R&T sent a letter of demand on 12
October 2009 on behalf of the first three Plaintiffs. Contemporaneously, the
Defendant had received Prolink’s instructions to release the goods since the
first week of October 2009 (above at [36]). Prolink approached some of the
first three Plaintiffs’ customers to obtain their Powers of Attorney in
exchange for release of their goods in the Defendant’s possession.[note: 32]
The evidence showed that Powers of Attorney required by the Defendant served
two purposes: to revoke the authority of the first three plaintiffs to deal
with the goods and in their stead appoint Prolink to deal with the goods.
Thus, Fabian’s reaction on being told by Brendan of R&T’s letter of demand was
to “hurry” Jonny to obtain Powers of Attorney from the cargo owners. The
reaction was understandable seeing that the Defendant released goods to
Comstar on 13 October 2009 before the relevant Power of Attorney was executed
on 14 October 2009 (above at [37]). I was satisfied on the evidence that by
the time the letter of demand was received, the Defendant already knew that
the Defendant’s principal had no authority to give instructions to the
Defendant for the release of the goods. The urgency of obtaining Powers of
Attorney was explained by Fabian under cross-examination:[note: 33]

Mr Kwek:  |  [after referring to a Prolink Power of Attorney from PT Parastar dated 14 October 2009] ... So in combination with what you have read before in Hari Mulya’s affidavit, don’t you think it’s even stronger that there’s something strange?  
---|---  
Fabian: |  Yes, the point is that I was being sued by the first three plaintiffs, and when we are going through the cargos in order to release, I have told Prolink that you have to do something in order to protect McTrans from releasing the cargo to the rightful owner. So they have tried to get ways and means to the rightful owners. _Before I can release the cargo to the rightful owners_ ,_first and foremost, I will need a POA, which Jonny Abbas_ _will go and get all the POAs from the rightful owners..._  
|  So what's wrong with therefore not knowing that the POA I have saw --
because Jonny Abbas has mentioned, without POA, I cannot release the cargo...  
Q: |  You see, [Fabian], what you just said, there’s an inconsistency. _You started by saying that you wanted POAs, and at the end you mentioned that Jonny Abbas wanted POAs_.  
Fabian:  |  _Because I was being sued. I wanted the POAs to protect McTrans's interest, because I had to release the cargo to the rightful owners_. ...  
|  [emphasis added]  
  
  

80 Prolink was able to obtain Powers of Attorney (_ie_ , the Prolink POAs)
from the owners of the Group A Cargo. The text of the standard Power of
Attorney has been previously set out (above at [35]). Crucially, the Prolink
POAs revoked “any _previous_ _authority or approval_ that had been given to
Antariksa and/or any other third parties by [the cargo owners] as the [sic]
deal with or handle the cargo and/or its shipment and/or to take possession,
custody or control of the cargo has been fully and unconditionally revoked and
withdrawn [emphasis added]”.

81 That was not all. The Defendant’s refusal to part with the Group B Cargo
continued even after it was stated in clear terms by 18 customers that the
first three Plaintiffs were their freight forwarders authorised to deal with
the Group B Cargo and not the Defendant’s principal.

82 On 16 October 2009, these 18 customers[note: 34] including the Group B
Plaintiffs issued Powers of Attorney to confirm Hari (as director of the 2nd
and 3rd Plaintiffs) and his wife Linda Irawaty Lim (as director of the 1st
Plaintiff) as their appointees.[note: 35] These Powers of Attorney were
exhibited in Hari’s Interlocutory Affidavit filed on 9 November 2009 (“the
Plaintiffs’ POAs”). In effect, the Plaintiffs’ POAs confirmed that the first
three Plaintiffs whose managers were Hari and his wife were authorised to
recover and deal with the Group B Cargo and to seek consequential damages from
the Defendant. The Plaintiffs’ POAs also stated that the grantors did not
recognise nor had they authorised the Defendant as their agents in respect of
the forwarding or return of the Group B Cargo.

83 Marshalling all the pieces of evidence before me, what transpired between
the first week of October 2009 and 14 October 2009 (the date 14 October 2009
was the earliest execution date of the Prolink POAs) was important, and based
on the overall evidence, I was able to make the following findings of fact and
conclusion of law:

(a) The Defendant was aware of the right of the first three Plaintiffs to
immediate possession of the 30 FCL containers, and of the first three
Plaintiffs’ demand for their release from Lola’s telephone conversations with
Brendan on 18 September 2009, and her conversation with Radius at the time the
goods were being unstuffed from the 30 FCL containers on 25 September 2009;

(b) The Defendant was aware that Prolink could not lawfully instruct it to
release the goods in the 30 FCL containers before 14 October 2009;

(c) The Defendant was, however, willing to bypass the first three Plaintiffs
and to release the goods to any third party. To safeguard the Defendant,
Fabian wanted the cargo owners to revoke the previous authorisation to the
first three Plaintiffs, and in their place appoint the Defendant as their
attorney to deal with the goods including the release of goods to cargo owners
or to parties instructed by cargo owners;

(d) The Defendant intentionally withheld release of the goods to the first
three Plaintiffs and continued to withhold the same despite receiving R&T’s
letter of demand on 12 October 2009. The Defendant did not reply within the
time stipulated in the letter of demand. In the context of the prevailing
facts and circumstances, it was reasonable to interpret the non-communication
or silence as a refusal to release the goods. The non-communication or silence
was intentional in order to buy time for the Defendant and Prolink to contact
the cargo owners and to persuade them to revoke the authority of the first
three Plaintiffs and to execute Powers of Attorney to new attorneys. It was
significant that the goods were withheld until such time as Prolink obtained
and the Defendant received the requisite revocation of the Group A Cargo
owners’ previous authority given to the first three Plaintiffs;

(e) As at 13 October 2009, the authority of the first three Plaintiffs had not
been revoked; and

(f) As at 14 October 2009, five owners of the goods in the Group A Cargo
appointed Prolink as their attorney to deal with the Group A Cargo and, at the
same time, revoked the authority of the first three Plaintiffs. The rest of
the Prolink POAs were executed thereafter between 19 October 2009 and 13
November 2009.

84 After the Group A Cargo were released, R&T, now also acting for the owners
of the Group B Cargo, repeatedly asked the Defendant to provide its claim
amount so as to consider payment into court _in lieu_ of the withholding of
the Group B Cargo. No figure on the quantum was forthcoming. Mr Kwek, for the
Plaintiffs, questioned Fabian as to why he did not recognise the Plaintiffs’
POAs, but Fabian was evasive and he prevaricated by not answering the question
directly. Instead, he complained that the Plaintiffs had not paid for the
release of the goods:[note: 36]

Mr Kwek: |  So why did you not so recognise [the Plaintiffs’ POAs] and release the cargo under this power of attorney?   
---|---  
Fabian: |  They don't want to pay my local charges, but then if they want to take, I will be most willing to release. They accused me of wrongful possessions, which I got it legally from the carriers. So I have to get my local charges, and although I wanted to release as soon as I can(?) based on my documents, which 90 per cent of them have taken the cargos from me, why are these 10 per cent so difficult?   
  
  

85 The detention of the 30 FCL containers and thereafter the Group B Cargo was
also to further its principal’s interest in these proceedings. The Defendant
continued to take instructions from its principal and it withheld the Group B
Cargo because its principal had unspecified “charges in Jakarta” to settle
with the first three Plaintiffs.[note: 37] The Defendant was instructed not to
release the goods until the first three Plaintiffs paid Prolink. This was the
pleaded case in the Defence as early as March 2010, and repeated in the
amended Defence filed on 13 September 2011 and deposed to in Fabian’s
affidavit filed on 20 September 2011 in support of Summons No 4218 of 2011
(“SUM 4218/2011”, the Defendant’s application for declaration that it had a
lien over the remaining cargo that was still in its possession for storage and
ancillary charges) in which he stated (at paragraph 10):

... Prolink reiterated their position that the Defendants are to release the
cargo to the rightful owners of the cargo upon payment of all the outstanding
storage and ancillary charges. _As for the 1_ st _to 3_ rd _Plaintiffs,
Prolink’s instructions to the Defendants were that the 1_ st _to 3_ rd
_Plaintiffs can only take delivery of the cargo if they pay all the
outstanding storage charge [sic] and ancillary charges as well as all the
amounts due and owing by them to Prolink._

[emphasis added]

86 It was also not disputed that the Defendant’s initial legal fees were
funded by its principal. A Singapore-incorporated company called D’League Pte
Ltd (in which Cuaca was a director with a 70% beneficial interest[note: 38])
provided $15,000 for the Defendant’s legal fees. Although there was no further
evidence that financial support for the litigation continued, it bears noting
that the Defendant as late as 5 September 2011 was still accepting
instructions from Prolink. The Defendant continued to withhold the Group B
Cargo with the concomitant daily storage charges despite appearing to be
balance-sheet insolvent based on the statement of accounts for three
successive financial years of 2007, 2008 and 2009.[note: 39] A reasonable and
commercially minded party in the Defendant’s position would have been anxious
to extricate itself from the legal proceedings soonest possible. Instead, the
Defendant became firmly entrenched in the proceedings having taken on
Prolink’s fight with the first three Plaintiffs in Singapore. As stated, it
was openly pleaded in the Defence filed on 17 March 2010 that “storage charges
and ancillary charges and expenses incurred in respect of or in connection
with the cargo, which as at 31 March 2010 stands at S$264,831.67 (_including
various charges incurred by Prolink eg_ , unstuffing which they have
instructed the Defendants to claim and/or exercise a lien over the cargo
for)”[note: 40] [emphasis added]. Some 18 months later, the Defendant was
still taking instructions from Prolink. In the amended Defence filed on 13
September 2011, the Defendant disclosed Prolink’s instructions on 5 September
2011 which the Defendant continued to obey by not parting with the Group B
Cargo. The amended pleadings referred to:[note: 41]

... a letter from Prolink to the Defendant dated 5 September 2011 that the
Defendants are prepared (and Prolink are agreeable to this) to release all the
cargo to the rightful owners of the same upon payment of all the outstanding
storage and ancillary charges but the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Plaintiffs only take
delivery of the cargo if they pay all the outstanding charges and all the
amounts due and owing by them to Prolink.

87 Fabian and Cuaca were no strangers to each others. Fabian admitted that
Cuaca was Fabian’s boss when Fabian was working for another forwarding company
in 1996 or 1997.[note: 42] Moreover, the Defendant had enjoyed business
relations with Prolink Logistics since 2002 or 2003.[note: 43] Fabian was also
on familiar terms with Cuaca, Jonny and Radius.[note: 44] In the
circumstances, it was plausible and not unreasonable to deduce that they were
people whose goodwill Fabian was willing to further cultivate, develop and
maintain for the sake of future business.

88 In conclusion, for all the reasons stated, the Defendant was not an
innocent intermediary and its involvement and participation in the detention
of the 30 FCL containers could not be characterised as ministerial acts. The
Defendant’s acts were not performed in good faith and the Defendant knew of
its principal’s lack of authority and possessory title.

Decision on the Defendant’s liability for conversion

89 In this case, there were two categories of conduct that could amount to
conversion: (1) the taking of the 30 FCL containers and (2) the Defendant’s
refusal to deliver up the 30 FCL containers on demand. I found that there were
sufficient facts in evidence to make out a case of conversion in both
categories.

90 The Plaintiffs’ case in conversion proceeded mainly on the Defendant’s
refusal to deliver up the 30 FCL containers on demand. The Defendant attacked
the first three Plaintiffs’ evidence of a “demand and refusal” arguing that
the elements of a demand and refusal were not established before issuance of
the Writ of Summons, and there was thus no cause of action at the time the
Writ of Summons was filed (see _Clayton v Le Roy_ [1911] 2 KB 1031 (“
_Clayton_ ”)). It should be noted that the plaintiff’s case in _Clayton_ was
based primarily on detinue and not conversion. However, the majority was of
the view that the same would apply to a claim in conversion where the
plaintiff relied on “demand and refusal” as the mode of proof (notwithstanding
a strong dissent by Vaughan Williams LJ). Fletcher Moulton LJ in _Clayton_
held at p 1050:

[T]he plaintiff must establish that at the moment of its issue he was in a
position to bring an action of detinue; in other words, that there had been a
wrongful denial by the defendant of the plaintiff’s title to the watch...
_[U]p to the date there was nothing equivalent to a wrongful refusal or
conversion on the part of the defendant, and that action therefore cannot be
maintained._ It is said that from events that happened subsequently to that
date a previous conversion may be proved; I am of the opinion that that view
is wrong. If there be any evidence of a conversion before writ, it is possible
that there may be acts and admissions afterwards which it would be proper to
take into consideration when determining whether there had been in fact a
conversion before writ, but if nothing had happened before the writ which is
equivalent to a detention, that which happens afterwards cannot mend the flaw.

[emphasis added]

91 Apart from Lola’s oral demands, R&T’s letter of demand also stated that
“unless we receive your confirmation by 3.00 pm today (12 October 2009) that
you will forthwith deliver up the Containers and their contents to our
clients, our clients shall have no alternative [sic] but to commence legal
proceedings to compel you to deliver up the same”. I was satisfied that this
letter constituted an unequivocal demand for delivery up. As an illustration,
in _Tavoulareas v Lau and another_ [2007] EWCA Civ 474, it was found there was
an unequivocal demand for return as constituted by the following statement at
[14] that:

[i]f the property is not made available for collection by close of business
hours on Tuesday 1 March 2005 my client will take all necessary steps to
recover the property of its value. In addition, if your clients are set on the
intentional deprivation of my client of his property then the matter will be
reported to the police”...

92 The written demand was specific (as opposed to a merely general demand)
because the 1st Plaintiff claimed to be entitled to the goods in the 30 FCL
containers pursuant to the “3 Bills of Lading”, which expression was
reasonably referable to the pro-forma bills of lading from APL and Samudera
for the September shipment enclosed in the letter of demand. The container
numbers stated in the pro-forma bills of lading corresponded with that on the
Arrival Notices sent to the Defendant on 18 September 2009. It was also not
alleged by the Defendant that there was any misapprehension as to the goods
that were the subject of the demand in this letter. The Defendant, however,
argued that the letter of demand was not a “proper demand” made for delivery
up of the Group B Cargo because the letter was only written on behalf of the
1st Plaintiff, and it was made on the wrong basis given that the Defendant,
and not the 1st to 3rd Plaintiffs, was the named consignee on the September
B/Ls. This argument was misconceived. The first three Plaintiffs were not
demanding for the Group B Cargo as consignee but in their capacity as head
bailees, and the direction was for the Group B Cargo to be released to the 1st
Plaintiff.

93 In applying the law to the evidence, it is important to start from the
point in time when the first three Plaintiffs decided to nominate the 1st
Plaintiff to receive the 30 FCL containers in Singapore, and duly instructed
Prolink to name the 1st Plaintiff as consignee on the September B/Ls. As
regards Prolink’s unauthorised and unilateral switch of consignee to their own
agent, this act constituted taking of the 30 FCL containers in respect of
which no demand in law was necessary (see _Cuff v Broadlands Finance_ [1987] 2
NZLR 343). This name change effectively prevented the 1st Plaintiff from
taking delivery of the 30 FCL containers from the carriers. The switch also
manifested Prolink’s intention to exercise dominion or control over the 30 FCL
containers for a time and to deprive the first three Plaintiffs of their right
to immediate possession of the 30 FCL containers.

94 The receipt of the 30 FCL containers in Singapore by the Defendant as agent
for Prolink constituted taking of the 30 FCL containers which excluded the
first three Plaintiffs from the containers. I have already analysed the events
that transpired between the first week of October 2009 and 14 October 2009
(above at [83]). As I have already found, the Defendant intentionally detained
the 30 FCL containers to give Prolink time to get Powers of Attorney from
owners of the goods in the 30 FCL containers. Put another way, the Defendant’s
refusal was in disregard of the first three Plaintiffs’ possessory title, and
(a) was designed to buy time in order to strip the first three Plaintiffs of
their authority, and hence their right to immediate possession of the 30 FCL
containers as head bailees; and (b) was for the purpose of enabling Prolink to
claim possession of the 30 FCL Containers. Clearly, Prolink and the Defendant
had acted in a manner that had the effect of denying the first three
plaintiffs of their superior possessory title (_ie_ , in their right to
immediate possession of the 30 FCL containers), and that denial was a
substantial interference with their right, and it was committed with clear
intention of exercising a temporary dominance over the 30 FCL containers (_Tat
Seng_ at [45]) for the purpose of enabling Prolink to claim possession of the
30 FCL containers and give instructions in relation to the same.

95 Mr Tan submitted that the reason the Defendant did not revert by the
deadline stipulated in the letter of demand of 12 October 2009 was because the
Defendant was taking instructions from Prolink, and that reasonable time
should be given for that purpose. I did not accept the submission. First,
there was no evidence that Fabian had specifically sought instructions on the
letter of demand. This was a case in which the Defendant had been made aware
of the first three Plaintiffs’ interest in the 30 FCL containers for a
considerable period of time before the Writ of Summons was filed. The
Plaintiffs had also made several prior attempts to contact the Defendant for
the 30 FCL containers. The letter of demand also alluded to this, stating that
“[o]ur client’s representatives had on several occasions spoken to your Mr
Brendan Wee and Mr Fabian Tan, as well as sent SMS to the latter, in relation
to release of the Containers and their contents to our clients, but Mr Wee and
Mr Tan have not reverted in substance, only to say that they are awaiting
instructions”.[note: 45] Second, ostensibly the deadline was missed
deliberately and I found the Defendant’s silence to be tantamount to an
unequivocal refusal to release the 30 FCL containers to the first three
Plaintiffs (see Eady J’s observations in _Schwarszchild v Harrods Ltd_ [2008]
EWHC 521 at [22]).

96 As at 19 November 2009, the Group A Cargo was released. In my view, the
release of Group A Cargo would not assist in determining whether the Defendant
converted the Group B Cargo on 13 October 2009\. The release of Group A Cargo
must be viewed in the context of how the Prolink POAs were obtained.

97 I had no difficulty concluding that as against the first three Plaintiffs,
the Defendant had converted the 30 FCL containers.

98 I now come to the Group B Plaintiffs’ case.

99 The Defendant raised a technical argument: that no cause of action or
“demand and refusal” arose before the issuance of the Writ of Summons. This
technical argument would not affect the Group B Plaintiffs’ claim in
conversion at all. The Group B Plaintiffs were joined as co-plaintiffs on 25
January 2010.

100 I should mention that upon joinder of a person as party to an action, that
person becomes a party (and the amendment correspondingly only takes effect)
from the date the Writ of Summons was amended and served on him (O 15 r 4(8)
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”);
Singapore Civil Procedure (G P Selvam ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2007) at para
20/8/3). The amendment does not date back retrospectively to the time the Writ
of Summons was first filed (_Ketteman and others v Hansel Properties Ltd and
Others_ [1987] 1 AC 189). Thus, even if the Group B Plaintiffs’ cause of
action was not constituted before the Writ of Summons was filed on 13 October
2009, it was sufficient that their cause of action was constituted by the time
they were joined as parties to the action (_Teo Gracie v Tay Leng Hong and
others_ [1987] SLR(R) 315 at [9] to [10]). That was indeed the case here.

101 The Group B Plaintiffs had refused to grant Powers of Attorney in favour
of Prolink Logistics. The Group B Plaintiffs had consistently maintained that
the Defendant was not in lawful possession of the Group B Cargo, and
subsequently engaged R&T to represent them. By letters dated 9, 23 and 28
December 2009, the lawyers proposed that the Defendant specify the nature and
quantum of sums demanded from them. It was also stated that they would
consider paying these sums into Court to avoid further delay in delivery of
their cargo on a without prejudice basis. When no reply on quantum was
forthcoming, the Group B Plaintiffs applied to be joined as co-plaintiffs in
this action _vide_ SUM 6569/2009 filed on 29 December 2009. As previously
stated, they were finally joined as party to the action on 25 January 2010.

102 It was patently clear that the Defendant’s conduct up till the 25 January
2010 was consistent with an intention to exercise dominion over the Group B
Cargo and to act inconsistently with the Group B Plaintiffs’ entitlement to
the goods:

(a) The Defendant continually maintained that it had the right to detain the
Group B Cargo and refused to release the goods to the first three Plaintiffs
as the appointed freight forwarders. In its letter of response to R&T, the
Defendant maintained that they would “vigorously defend the action brought
against them” as well as SUM 5358/2009.[note: 46] As bailors of the Group B
Cargo, the Group B Plaintiffs were entitled to interpret this conduct as an
act of conversion by the Defendant.

(b) Another act of conversion was evident from the Defendant detention of the
30 FCL containers initially, and thereafter the Group B Cargo, in purported
exercise of a lien which I found at [105]–[130] below that the Defendant did
not in fact possess (see _Tear v Freebody_ (1895) 140 ER 1071).

103 For completeness, I should mention that the 3 February 2010 letter from
the Defendant’s lawyers in response to the Plaintiffs’ proposal that the sums
be paid into court (above at [101]) was unhelpful. The Defendant alleged in
the letter that it was the Plaintiffs who had failed to contact them and did
not provide verification that the Group B Plaintiffs were in fact the owners
of the Group B Cargo.[note: 47] Given that the description of the Group B
Cargo was provided to the Defendant,[note: 48] and that the release of Group B
Cargo was on a without prejudice basis, the reply was with hindsight
indicative of the Defendant’s inability to fix a quantum. Almost two years
later, the Defendant was still struggling to state the quantum at the trial.

104 In conclusion, for the reasons stated, I was satisfied that the Defendant
was liable to the Group B Plaintiffs in conversion in respect of the Group B
Cargo.

Issue 2: Possessory lien as a defence to a claim in conversion

Whether the Defendant enjoyed a possessory lien over the 30 FCl containers

105 There were fundamental difficulties that stood in the way of the
Defendant’s possessory lien claim, which was raised as a defence to the claim
in conversion. The Defendant was unable legally and evidentially to prove that
it had either a contractual lien or warehousemen’s lien. Its fallback argument
was to claim a freight forwarder’s lien by reason of a trade custom but the
Defendant did not call a witness to testify on the alleged trade custom in
Singapore. A very late application was filed for leave to call as witness a
representative from Singapore Logistics Association or a freight forwarding
company to testify on trade custom during the trial. This was Summons No 4820
of 2011 filed on 25 October 2011 (“SUM 4820/2011”).

106 There was also an earlier application vide SUM 4218/2011 which was filed
on 22 September 2011 for a declaration that the Defendant had a contractual
and/or customary and/or freight forwarder and/or warehousemen lien over Group
B Cargo for the storage and ancillary charges incurred in respect of or in
connection with the same. The Defendant also prayed for an order that the
Plaintiffs pay $946,601.53 being outstanding storage and ancillary charges as
at 30 September 2011, plus a daily accruing rate of S$1,290.00.[note: 49] The
Defendant termed SUM 4218/2011 as an “interpleader summons”, claiming that the
Plaintiffs’ amendment to the Statement of Claim to claim for delivery up on 24
August 2011 created “adverse and competing claims”.

107 The Defendant cited the eleventh hour amendment to the Statement of Claim
to include the alternative relief to deliver up the Group B Cargo as a reason
for the filing of SUM 4218/2011. Another reason proffered was that the
Defendant was now faced with contradicting and overlapping claims of the first
three Plaintiffs and Group B Plaintiffs, and Prolink’s instructions not to
release the Group B Cargo until the first three Plaintiffs paid Prolink.

108 The Defendant’s explanations were untenable. Notably, the Defendant’s
lawyers had as early as 22 February 2010 cited contradicting and overlapping
claims of the first three Plaintiffs and Group B Plaintiffs as a reason for
the Defendant to interplead. In any case, as explained, there were no
competing claims between the first three Plaintiffs and the Group B Plaintiffs
(above at [67]–[71]). Despite the lien claimed by Prolink, and the demands of
the first three Plaintiffs for the 30 FCL containers to be released, the
Defendant did not see the need to interplead way back in 2009 when the
Defendant was first sued. It was only on 24 August 2011 – almost two years
after the Writ of Summons was filed – that the Defendant filed SUM 4218/2011.
In the context of this case, the Plaintiffs could have sued Prolink or the
Defendant, or both. They chose to sue the Defendant and that ought to have
compelled the Defendant to take out interpleader proceedings. Nothing was done
after the action started because the Defendant had not taken a neutral stand.
The Defendant’s alliance with Prolink defined the conduct and set the tone of
the proceedings. Its partisan stand persisted and was still evident in the
pleaded Defence that the lien which the Defendant asserted and exercised was
not only for storage and ancillary charges due to the Defendant but also
included all amounts due and owing by the first three Plaintiffs to Prolink.
Furthermore, the Defendant at no point in time pleaded its entitlement to
storage and ancillary charges as a counterclaim. Instead, it sought to go by
the backdoor to obtain a declaration that the Defendant enjoyed a “contractual
and/or customary and/or freight forwarder and/or warehousemen lien” over the
Group B Cargo in SUM 4218/2011. I will explain my reasons for dismissing SUM
4218/2011 on 27 February 2012 later.

109 During the trial the Defendant asked that SUM 4820/2011 be heard. Mr Tan
explained that if SUM 4820/2011 was allowed, the Defendant would ask for the
trial to be adjourned to organise the evidence of the witness. The Defendant
had even offered not to claim storage charges for the duration of the
adjournment. It was in these circumstances that Counsel for the parties were
directed to deal with the following preliminary point: whether the Defendant
had lawful possession of the 30 FCL containers –“lawful possession” being an
important ingredient to found a lien. If there was no lien, the Defendant’s
detention on the basis of a lien which it did not have would amount to
conversion. An answer to the common question would assist in the determination
of both SUM 4218/2011 and SUM 4820/2011.

110 In the final analysis, the alleged lien was illusory. The Defendant’s
detention of the 30 FCL containers was on the basis of a lien which it did not
possess. The Defendant could not show that it enjoyed any type of lien
recognised in law whether as a contractual lien, warehousemen’s lien or
freight forwarder’s lien. The defence failed because it did not satisfy the
test of lawful possession to found a lien. Besides, the Defendant could not
show that there was an accrued debt owing from the Plaintiffs to support a
lien.

Did the Defendant have lawful possession of the 30 FCL containers to found a
lien?

111 I start with the directions made pursuant to O 33 r 2 of the Rules of
Court on 25 October 2011. I directed the parties to file and exchange
submissions on the following preliminary issues by 8 November 2011:

(a) Whether the Defendant obtained lawful possession of the 30 FCL containers;
and

(b) Whether the contracts of carriage contained in or evidenced by the
September B/Ls were a nullity, and if so, the consequences of such void
contracts in respect of the Defendant’s possessory right to the 30 FCL
containers.[note: 50]

112 On 15 November 2011, I ruled that the Defendant had no lawful possession
to found a lien. Consequently, SUM 4820/2011 for leave to call a witness on
trade custom was dismissed. SUM 4820/2011 would also have been dismissed for
the reason that the Defendant could not establish that there was an accrued
debt owing from the Plaintiffs to support the exercise of a lien by the
Defendant.

113 Preliminary question (b) was easily dealt with. This issue related to
whether the September B/Ls were a nullity considering that Prolink Clare was
purportedly in liquidation but was the named shipper of the contracts of
carriage with the carriers. Hari’s testimony on the liquidation of Prolink
Clare was based on hearsay evidence. The documents relating to the purported
liquidation of Prolink Clare were not admissible evidence in the absence of
formal proof of their authenticity and contents.

114 I now set out my reasons for my decision on preliminary question (a).

115 A possessory lien is “a right at common law to retain.._. rightfully_ and
continuously in his possession [goods] belonging to another until the present
and accrued claims of the person in possession are satisfied [emphasis added]”
(see _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 68 (LexisNexis,5th Reissue Ed, 2008) at
para 802). It is settled law that possession derived from the wrongful act of
a third party will not suffice to found a possessory lien (_Bowmaker Ltd v
Wycombe Motors Ltd_ [1946] KB 505).

116 _Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency_ (Peter Watts and F M B Reynolds) (Sweet
& Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2010) (“ _Bowstead and Reynolds_ ”), commented (at para
7-078):

**Lawfully obtained.** A lien cannot be acquired by a wrongful act. Thus, if
an agent obtains goods from his principal by misrepresentation, he has no lien
over them, though the circumstances in other respects are such that he would
have been [sic] a lien if the goods had been obtained lawfully. And where the
agent takes goods without authority, or is given goods by the principal after
the latter’s bankruptcy, he acquires no lien.

117 With these principles in mind, I now turn to the facts.

118 It surfaced during Mr Tan’s cross-examination of Lola on her part in
preparing documents for the 30 FCL containers to be returned to Singapore that
Radius had instructed Lola to prepare some documents for Prolink Logistics.
While Mr Tan’s line of questioning was on the defence of illegality, the
answers potentially implicated the Defendant’s claim of a possessory lien
seeing that the Defendant had, at the trial, wished to take a wider position
that had not been pleaded: that the entire adventure involving the February
shipment and the September shipment was unlawful. This wider position invited
a counter-argument that the Defendant’s very possession of the 30 FCL
containers could be tainted.[note: 51] Be that as it may, it was not disputed
that false documents were amongst some of the documentation accompanying
Prolink Logistics’ application to the JSA Court to review the Indonesian
customs authority’s refusal to allow the 30 FCL containers to be exported to
Singapore.

119 The decision of the JSA Court was based narrowly on the JSA Court’s
interpretation of the applicable regulations to reach the conclusion that
Indonesian customs authority’s decision refusing export of the 30 FCL
containers was made out of time and hence ineffective. Notwithstanding the JSA
Court’s decision was based on an application that named Prolink Logistics as
owner of the subject containers, I am entitled to take cognisance of the false
documents. The documents were false and Prolink Logistics derived no ownership
or special right in the 30 FCL containers. In these circumstances, the legal
position of Prolink Logistics’ bare possession of the 30 FCL containers could
be likened to that of a thief in possession of stolen goods.

120 It is equally possible to look at the matter in another way instead of
characterising Prolink Logistics’ bare possession (and hence the Defendant’s
bare possession) to be akin to that of a thief in possession of stolen goods.
Previously, the first three Plaintiffs had agreed to Prolink Logistics
arranging the September shipment. Prolink Logistics would be in possession of
the 30 FCL containers, and its legal position would be that of a sub-bailee.
As stated earlier, the bailment was terminated when Prolink Logistics
consigned the goods to the Defendant contrary to the agreement between Hari
and Cuaca/Prolink Logistics, and the right of possession to the 30 FCL
containers thereby reverted to the first three Plaintiffs. The Defendant’s
possession as agent was directly traceable to the wrongful act(s) of its
principal, Prolink Logistics. The _nemo dat quod non habet_ rule applied and
in the result, the Defendant did not have lawful possession of the 30 FCL
containers to assert a lien.

121 The Defendant’s claim that it received the 30 FCL containers from the
carriers as the named consignee and that in and of itself gave legitimacy to
its possession. This contention ignored the circumstances in which the
Defendant came to be named as consignee on the September B/Ls. I agreed with
Mr Kwek that even though the Defendant was a named consignee, this did not add
anything to the Defendant’s bare possessory title.

No contractual lien from want of authority to exercise a lien

122 The Defendant argued that Prolink Logistics had express, implied or
ostensible authority from the Plaintiffs to allow the Defendant to take the 30
FCL containers and create a lien for unpaid charges.[note: 52] As a matter of
law, it is possible for a freight forwarder to exercise a particular lien
_vis-à-vis_ a chattel belonging to a person other than his principal provided
his principal has the authority to contract for the lien. _Bowstead and
Reynolds_ at para 7-086 states as follows:

The possessory lien of an agent attaches only upon goods or chattel in respect
of which the principal has, as against third parties, the power to create the
lien, and except in the case of money or negotiable securities, and subject to
any statutory provision to the contrary, is confined to the rights of the
principal in the goods or chattels at the time when the lien attaches, and is
subject to all rights and equities of third parties available against the
principal at that time.

123 The legal principles are clear. However, there were difficulties in the
way of the Defendant’s arguments. I will mark out the problems.

124 First, the Defendant’s pleaded case did not aver to any express, implied
or ostensible authority from the Plaintiffs to allow the Defendant to take the
30 FCL containers and contract for a lien for unpaid charges.

125 Secondly, the Defendant’s plea of a contractual lien was not made good by
particulars, let alone evidence. The Defendant would not have been able to
argue that Prolink Logistics was authorised to contract for a lien on behalf
of the Defendant. This argument would have been a non-starter. The first three
Plaintiffs did not know the 30 FCL containers were consigned to the Defendant
until it was too late to stop Prolink Logistics. The first three Plaintiffs
could not have known, let alone agreed to, Prolink Logistics contracting for a
lien on the Defendant’s behalf. Again it would be a non-starter to advance an
argument that Prolink Logistics had an implied or ostensible authority to
create the lien. Authority to create a lien may be implied if the freight
forwarder’s principal was in lawful possession of the goods when possession
was transferred to the freight forwarder, and the transfer was not
inconsistent with the purposes for which the principal was in possession of
the goods as regards the owner of the goods (_Cassils & Co and Sassoon v
Holden Wood Bleaching Co Ltd_ (1915) 84 LJKB 834). In this case, for the
reasons earlier stated, Prolink Logistics did not have lawful possession of
the 30 FCL containers. Equally, ostensible authority to create a lien was not
pleaded nor particularised. Neither did the Defendant explain how ostensible
authority could have arisen.

126 Thirdly, the contention that the Defendant was exercising the lien for
Prolink Logistics[note: 53] was also a non-starter. The Defence averred to the
detention of Group B Cargo in respect of the Defendant’s storage and ancillary
charges as well as for the sums due to Prolink. There were no particulars or
evidence on how Prolink Logistics’ possessed a lien. How and when Prolink
Logistics delegated the enforcement of its lien to the Defendant was not
particularised, let alone supported by evidence. To this end, the Defendant’s
attempt to exercise a lien for Prolink Logistics’ claim against the first
three Plaintiffs was entirely without legal basis.

No debt due from the first three Plaintiffs to the Defendant

127 I will now set out the other problem that faced the Defendant. I found
that the Defendant could not claim to enjoy a lien because there was no debt
due from the first three Plaintiffs to it at the time the Defendant refused to
release the 30 FCL containers. It is settled law that the debt on which the
lien is founded must have accrued at the time the lien was exercised
(_Crawshay v Homfray_ (1820) 4 B & Ald 50). In addition, the party asserting
the lien must either claim for a definite amount or give the owners or lienor
particulars from which he can calculate the amount for which the lien is due
(_Singh v Thaper_ (unreported) (28 July 1987) (Transcript Association)). In
the present case, there was no debt due from the first three Plaintiffs to the
Defendant when the lien was purportedly asserted on 13 October 2009.

128 First, Fabian admitted that the storage and ancillary charges commenced
only from 15 October 2009,[note: 54] two days after the first three Plaintiffs
sued on 13 October 2009. At any rate, no debt was due when the Defendant took
possession of the 30 FCL containers on 19 September 2009. In any event,
charges and expenses incurred before the Defendant took possession of the 30
FCL containers (if any) would have been incurred by Prolink Logistics and not
the Defendant.

129 In addition, it was telling that the Defendant had struggled to give a
definite amount or particulars of its debt throughout the proceedings despite
claiming that storage and ancillary charges were owed to it. Fabian was also
unable to explain the calculations for the different figures that appeared in
the Defence and in his various affidavits. The Defendant finally submitted
handwritten calculations to the court on 24 October 2011 showing that the
storage costs from 15 October 2009 to 31 May 2011 were S$480,990.11. On 20
February 2012, Mr Tan tendered a revised computation showing that the storage
costs from 15 October 2009 to 20 February 2012 were S$787,598.15. Given its
elusive history, it would be unwise to accept the latest figure of
S$787,598.15 without corroborative evidence. I was mindful that the Defendant
was not able to explain how the earlier sums were reached and to explain the
disparity between the figures. At the end of the trial, the impression the
Defendant left with the court was that the alleged outstanding storage and
ancillary charges were decidedly questionable.

Conclusion on Issue 2

130 For the reasons stated, the Defendant did not possess a lien to justify
the detention of the 30 FCL containers, and thereafter the Group B Cargo. The
lien defence therefore failed.

Issue 3: Illegality

**Overview**

131 The Defendant’s pleaded case was that the Plaintiffs were part of an
unlawful adventure to evade Indonesian customs duty for the shipment of the 30
FCL containers from Singapore to Jakarta. Like the lien defence, there were
difficulties with this illegality defence. I need only mark out two problems.

132 First, the Plaintiffs’ claim in conversion would not be defeated given
that it was not founded on the “unlawful adventure” but on superior possessory
title. Second, the Defendant could not surmount the evidentiary difficulties
to prove that an “unlawful adventure” was even perpetuated. The reliance on
the misdescription of the goods on the February B/Ls to infer smuggling and
evasion of Indonesian customs duty would have failed without the introduction
of evidence on Indonesian customs law and regulations.

133 The parties referred to the decision of the JSA Court in 2009 and the
decisions of the Central Jakarta District Court and Jakarta High Court in 2011
in relation to the release of the subject containers by the Indonesian customs
authority. The parties separately urged this court to rely on the findings of
the Indonesian courts to advance different points. However, I was not inclined
to do so as the narration and findings in the decisions were strictly
inadmissible evidence that could not, without more, be taken as evidence of
the truth or correctness of the matters that transpired in Indonesia or the
participation of persons in any illegality perpetuated there (_Trans-World
(Aluminium) Ltd v Cornelder China (Singapore)_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 501 at [19] and
[107]).

Was there really a case for the illegality defence?

As against the first three Plaintiffs

134 The question to be asked was whether there was really a case for the
illegality defence to operate. The Defendant faced a number of difficulties
with this defence. The first difficulty was with the scope of the Defendant’s
case on illegality. The Defendant alleged from the outset that the first three
Plaintiffs were engaged in an “unlawful adventure” to smuggle the 30 FCL
containers into Indonesia without paying Indonesian customs duty relying on
the discrepancy between the actual goods in the 30 FCL containers and the
goods declared on the February B/Ls to infer such intention on the part of the
first three Plaintiffs.

135 The complaint centred on the manner in which general goods in the 30 FCL
containers were described in the February B/Ls:

(a) B/L No APLU 057309975, the shipper being “JIANGHAI NON-WOVEN FABRICS CO
LTD”, and the consignee being “PT HEGAR MULYA”, with the goods on the bill of
lading described as “5600 PKGS OF NON WOVEN FABRICS”;[note: 55]

(b) B/L No APLU 057309976, the shipper being “WUXI YIHUA POLYESTER YARN CO
LTD”, and the consignee being “PT HEGAR MULYA”, with the goods on the bill of
lading described as “8600 PKGS OF POLYESTER YARN”;[note: 56] and

(c) B/L No SSLSGJK1CHB682, the shipper being “XIAMEN ZHONGTIAN PLASTICS CO
LTD”, and the consignee being “PT TEXMACO MICRO INDO UTAMA”, with the goods on
the bill of lading described as “9200 BAGS POLYPROPYLENE GRADE Y 4600”.[note:
57]

136 Apart from the misdescription of the cargo on the February B/Ls, no other
particulars were provided as to how this unlawful adventure was to be
perpetuated by that misdescription. The Plaintiffs had asked for particulars
but the Defendant refused, claiming that its pleadings were clear
enough.[note: 58]

137 The Defendant’s case was made difficult by the fact that much of the
evidence as to what transpired in Indonesian after the 30 FCL containers
arrived in Jakarta was not within the personal knowledge of the Defendant. It
was the Defendant’s principal who alleged that the smuggling took place and
they should have been called as witnesses to explain how the misdescription
_per se_ could perpetuate an evasion of Indonesian customs duty.

138 There was also no evidence that the February B/Ls would be required to
clear the Indonesian customs. Factually, the original February B/Ls were
already surrendered to the carriers in Singapore after the 30 FCL containers
were loaded on board the vessels in Singapore.

139 The Defendant wanted to bolster the smuggling allegation by seeking leave
to amend the Defence to include the following additional matters: that the
shippers on the September B/Ls were companies that had no relationship with
the first three Plaintiffs with addresses merely taken from the Internet; that
they were not the intended consignees of the goods; that the shippers’ names
and description of goods on the February B/Ls were provided to Lola by
Radius;[note: 59] and that false documents had been prepared by Lola on
Radius’ instructions for the September shipment.

140 The Defendant applied _vide_ Summons No 4641 of 2011 (“SUM 4641/2011”)
filed on 14 October 2011 for leave to amend the Defence. SUM 4641/2011 was
dismissed on 17 October 2011. I was of the view that allowing the amendment
would not have made any material difference to the illegality defence. Whilst
misdescription in the nature of the goods, named shippers and named consignees
on the February B/Ls could arguably have constituted evidence of extraneous
circumstances pointing to an illegal object to avoid Indonesian customs duty,
the Defendant had no witnesses to prove this. Without calling Radius, Jonny
and Cuaca to testify in these proceedings, the whole of the relevant
circumstances of the alleged illegality would not be before this court. In
addition, foreign law was not pleaded and no expert on Indonesian customs law
and practice was on the Defendant’s list of witnesses.

141 I should record another eleventh hour interlocutory application by the
Defendant for leave to call an expert on Indonesia law. Illegality as a
defence was raised as early as 29 October 2009 in Fabian’s Interlocutory
Affidavit and it was subsequently pleaded in the Defence filed on 17 March
2010. No valid excuse was proffered for the exceedingly late application filed
on 19 October 2011. This was Summons No 4730 of 2011 (“SUM 4730/2011”) filed
on 19 October 2011. SUM 4730/2011 was dismissed on 24 October 2011 (see
Annexure B).

142 The expert witness the Defendant wanted to call in SUM 4730/2011 was one
Andrew Sriro who was a foreign qualified lawyer working in Indonesia. Mr
Sriro’s area of practice was largely in commercial law and advising
international clients in corporate transactions. Mr Sriro read law in McGeorge
School of Law in Sacramento, California, and practiced corporate and business
law in California before moving to Jakarta. Mr Sriro obtained the equivalent
of a Masters degree from Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia but it
was not disclosed what the Master degree was in. For the reasons stated, the
Defendant had not satisfied me that Mr Sriro was qualified to testify as an
expert on Indonesian law in the area of import tax and customs law and
regulations.

As against the Group B Plaintiffs

143 The Defendant made the same arguments of illegality against the Group B
Plaintiffs as it did against the first three Plaintiffs. Although the Defence
was pleaded in broad language to cover all Plaintiffs, no particulars of any
illegality were directed against the Group B Plaintiffs. It was also not
established in evidence that any of the Group B Plaintiffs were aware or
participated in the misdescription or misdeclaration of the goods at all. As a
final point, the Defendant also did not cross-examine the Group B Plaintiffs
on this illegality defence.

The Plaintiffs’ claims were independent of the alleged illegality

144 For completeness, even if, for the sake of argument, there was an unlawful
adventure as alleged, the Plaintiffs’ claims in conversion could be brought as
their rights were independent of the alleged illegality and not tainted as
such.

145 _Bowmakers Ltd v Barnet Instruments Ltd_ [1945] KB 65 is authority for the
proposition that a claimant will be able to reclaim property if doing so does
not involve reliance on the illegality. This principle was approved by the
House of Lords in _Tinsley v Milligan_ [1994] 1 AC 340 (“ _Tinsley v Milligan_
”) which held that the principle applies even where the proprietary interest
was acquired in the course of an illegal transaction. This was also followed
by the Court of Appeal in _Siow Soon Kim_ v _Lim Eng Beng alias Lim Jia Le_
[2004] SGCA 4 at [38] (see also _Top Ten Entertainment Pte Ltd v Lucky Red
Investments Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 559 at [34]; _Chee Jok Heng Stephanie v Chang
Yue Shoon_ [2010] 3 SLR 1131).

146 A good example of the application of the principle is the case referred to
in Carole Murray, David Holloway and Daren Timson-Hunt, _Schmitthoff’s Export
Trade, The Law and Practice of International Trade_ , (London, Sweet &
Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2007) at p 482 where export invoices were falsified in order
to deceive the customs authorities of the importer’s country. The exporter was
not prevented from recovering damages in England from the carriers when the
exporter’s goods were stolen from their lorry while in transit to the docks of
London.

147 As I noted earlier (above at [62]), I was satisfied that the Group B
Plaintiffs established their proprietary interests in the Group B Cargo (see
Annexure A). The facts in this case present a stronger basis than _Tinsley v
Milligan_ because unlike the plaintiff in _Tinsley v Milligan_ , the Group B
Plaintiffs acquired their proprietary interest independent of any illegal act
or transaction. Similarly, the first three Plaintiffs’ were head bailees under
the door-to-door service agreement with the cargo owners, and as head bailees
were persons with right to immediate possession of the 30 FCL containers.

148 In the circumstances, the Defendant’s argument that this court should
still not grant relief to the Plaintiffs, for to do so would be an “affront to
the public conscience”, was misconceived.

149 The Defendant cited without developing a myriad of rationales in one
paragraph of its submissions[note: 60] underpinning the illegality defence as
to why relief should not be granted to the Plaintiffs and that the granting of
relief would compromise the dignity and reputation of the courts. I do not
propose to dwell on this matter except only to comment on Mr Tan’s reliance on
_Geismar v Sun Alliance and London Insurance Ltd and Another_ [1977] 1 QB 383
(“ _Geismar_ ”). When I queried Mr Tan on the rationale for the illegality
defence that he was relying upon in citing _Geismar_ , he stated that it was
for the public conscience test. The House of Lords in _Tinsley v Milligan_
cited _Geismar_ but was of the view that no broadly applicable public
conscience test could be derived from this case (_Tinsley v Milligan_ at 350).
In addition, the House of Lords had unanimously rejected the public conscience
test as no longer good law in England. Mr Tan also cited _Geismar_ without
explaining why the public conscience test is part of Singapore law. In
addition, the facts in _Geismar_ were distinguishable.

Overall conclusion on liability in conversion

150 In conclusion, the Plaintiffs succeeded in the action for conversion
against the Defendant.

Remedies

151 I turn finally to the remedies awarded to the Plaintiffs.

152 The first three Plaintiffs claimed the following reliefs:

(a) the sums of US$170,000 and Rp 1.2 billion paid to Jonny and/or Radius
and/or APL and/or Samudera;

(b) alternatively, an order of delivery up of all the Group B Cargo in the
Defendant’s possession (on the Group B Plaintiffs’ behalf);

(c) a declaration that the Defendant indemnify the first three Plaintiffs for
all liabilities and losses incurred, directly or indirectly against them,
arising from the conversion and/or wrongful detention of the 30 FCL
containers; and

(d) damages to be assessed.[note: 61]

153 The Group B Plaintiffs each claimed:

(a) damages equivalent to the invoice value of the items they own in the Group
B Cargo;

(b) alternatively, delivery up of their cargo in the Defendant’s
possession;[note: 62]

(c) a declaration that the Defendant indemnify each of them for all
liabilities and losses incurred, directly or indirectly against them, arising
from the conversion and/or wrongful detention of the Group B Cargo; and

(d) damages to be assessed.[note: 63]

154 In the course of proceedings, Mr Kwek explained that the Group B
Plaintiffs were asked to clarify whether they wanted delivery up or damages
for the items they owned. He advised that the preferred remedies were as
follows:

(a) 4th Plaintiffs: Delivery up;

(b) 5th Plaintiffs: Monetary damages representing the value paid for their
cargo (US$85,450.00);

(c) 6th Plaintiffs: Monetary damages representing the value paid for their
cargo (US$120,949.00);

(d) 7th Plaintiffs: Delivery up;

(e) 8th Plaintiffs: Delivery up;

(f) 10th Plaintiffs: Monetary damages representing the value paid for their
cargo (US$54,270.00);

(g) 11th Plaintiffs: Monetary damages representing the value paid for their
cargo (US$52,302.36);

(h) 12th Plaintiffs: Delivery up;

(i) 13th Plaintiffs: Monetary damages representing the value paid for their
cargo (US$37,348.00);

(j) 15th Plaintiffs: Delivery up.

The first three Plaintiffs’ reliefs

155 I awarded the first three Plaintiffs the declaration that the Defendant
indemnify the first three Plaintiffs for all liabilities and losses incurred,
directly or indirectly against them, arising from the conversion and/or
wrongful detention of the 30 FCL containers. However, I dismissed the first
three Plaintiffs claim for US$170,000 and Rp 1.2 billion against the
Defendant.

The Group B Plaintiffs’ reliefs

156 I awarded damages to be assessed to the Group B Plaintiffs. I did not
award delivery up to the 4th, 7th, 8th, 12th and 15th Plaintiffs because the
Plaintiffs ran their entire cause of action in conversion rather than detinue
(as would be explained below). Strictly, the relief of delivery up is not
available in a claim for conversion. The only remedy for a claim in conversion
at common law is an award of damages. Diplock LJ in _General and Finance
Facilities Ltd v Cooks Cars (Romford) Ltd_ [1963] 1 WLR 644 at 649 noted that
“the action in conversion is a purely personal action and results in a
judgment for pecuniary damages only”. At common law, the courts may only order
the specific delivery of an asset for an action of detinue. I refer to
_Winfield & Jolowicz __on Tort_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2010) (“ _Winfield
& Jolowicz”_) at para 17-29:

The only remedy for conversion at common law was the purely personal one of
damages. However, when the defendant was in possession of the goods and
refused to deliver them up on demand his act was not only conversion but also
detinue and the form of judgment in detinue might include an order for the
delivery up of the goods. …

157 In seeking the remedy of delivery up, Mr Kwek relied primarily on
authorities based on the position in England following the enactment of the
Torts (Interference with Goods) Act 1977 (c 32) (UK) (“the 1977 TIGA”). By
virtue of the 1977 TIGA, the tort of detinue was abolished in England with the
remedies for detinue being made available for the statutory tort of
conversion, in particular delivery up. Indeed, the Plaintiffs’ counsel
themselves cited _Winfield & Jolowicz_ at para 17-29 which stated that:

… Detinue has now been abolished but the remedies for conversion where goods
are detained by the defendant are now found in s. 3 of the Torts (Interference
with Goods) Act 1977, which is modelled on the common law remedies available
for detinue.

158 There is no equivalent statutory reform in Singapore. As a result, the
position in Singapore is that the tort of detinue still had to be pleaded if a
plaintiff seeks the remedy of delivery. This was noted in _The Law of Torts in
Singapore_ at para 11.067:

… In practice, the much broader scope of conversion has rendered the tort of
detinue largely obsolete, leading to its statutory abolition in the UK in
1977. For Singapore, however, detinue remains very much a live tort. In
practice, the claimant’s desire to recover the property constitutes the main
reason for pleading the tort. This is because _at common law, a court may only
order the specific delivery of the asset in an action for detinue and not for
conversion_. For that same reason, detinue is usually only pleaded as against
a defendant who is still in possession of the goods.

[emphasis added]

159 A local decision, _Yoong Yuet Hoe v Shenson Engineering & Trading (S) Pte
Ltd_ [1994] SLR(R) 950, was cited to me for the proposition that delivery up
could be ordered in an action for conversion. However in that case, counsel
did not appear to put in issue the distinction in remedies between conversion
and detinue. I was thus of the view that if the Plaintiffs wanted to claim
delivery up as a remedy, it was necessary to plead detinue as a cause of
action.

160 Mr Kwek submitted that the Plaintiffs’ pleadings, as they then stood, were
wide enough to include the tort of detinue. To provide some context, I set out
the relevant paragraph of the amended Statement of Claim:

33 In the premises, the Defendants and/or Mr Cuaca and/or PT Prolink Logistics
and/or PT Prolink Clare and/or Mr Jonny Abbas and/or Mr Radius have converted
and/or wrongfully detained the Cargo to their own use and have wholly deprived
the Plaintiffs of the use of the same. By reason of the aforesaid matters, the
Defendants and/or Mr Cuaca and/or PT Prolink Logistics and/or PT Prolink Clare
and/or Mr Jonny Abbas and/or Mr Radius have denied and/or acted in a manner
inconsistent with the rights of the Plaintiffs to the Cargo.

161 I was not persuaded by his arguments for various reasons. The parties
conducted the trial on the basis of a cause of action in conversion. The plea
of demand and refusal was proof of the act of conversion rather than a
reliance on the cause of action of detinue. This was the Defendant’s objection
as well. As an illustration, the Plaintiffs submitted in their Opening
Statement at paragraph 3 that:

The Plaintiffs’ primary contention is that the Defendants’ failure to
forthwith deliver up the cargo to the 1st Plaintiffs upon demands made for the
same (beginning with a letter sent on 12 October 2009 from the Plaintiffs’
solicitors to the Defendants) and continued detention of the cargo, _amount to
conversion of the cargo_.

[emphasis added]

162 I thus awarded damages to be assessed to the 4th to 8th Plaintiffs, 10th
to 13th Plaintiffs and the 15th Plaintiff. As for costs, I ordered the
Defendant to pay the first three Plaintiffs, 4th to 8th Plaintiffs, 10th to
13th Plaintiffs, and the 15th Plaintiff costs of the action including the
costs of SUM 5358/2011 to be taxed, if not agreed, on a High Court scale, and
for the costs of the assessment of damages hearing including interest to be
reserved to Assistant Registrar hearing the assessment of damages.

163 Several summonses were dealt with at the trial. The outcome of the
summonses and costs orders made in relation thereto are enumerated in Annexure
B to this Grounds of Decision.

Annexure A: the Group B Plaintiffs proprietary title to the Group B Cargo

1 The Defendant challenged the Group B Plaintiffs’ proprietary title to the
Group B Cargo claiming that they did not provide proper verification of their
title to the goods.On reviewing and evaluating the evidence, I was satisfied
on a balance of probabilities that the Group B Plaintiffs had established
their proprietary title to the respective goods. There was evidence of payment
by the Group B Plaintiffs for the Group B Cargo. Suppliers who sold on credit
terms did not reserve title to the goods during the credit period or until
payment. For purchasers who were able to their suppliers to testify at the
trial, the suppliers testified that the goods were paid for. In all cases, the
evidence was that payments were made before August 2009 and with that, title
no longer lay with the suppliers.

2 I now turn to evidence adduced by the Group B Plaintiffs as proof of their
title.

The 4th Plaintiff’s title

3 The 4th Plaintiff claimed ownership of the following items:

(a) 2 units of a complete set w/ABB Motor with Oiler mounted (Tag#PO1242008,
Motor S/N# 449100036; Pump Model: 2K2Z1-10ARV Pump S/N# 2DP2980) (“Complete
Sets”);[note: 64]

(b) 1 case of parts for a Durco Pump, marked S-3460 C/N 12 (“Pump Parts”).

4 The 4th Plaintiff received a purchase order for the Complete Sets from its
customer in Indonesia, PT Polysindo EKA Perkasa on 23 July 2008.[note: 65] The
4th Plaintiff then ordered the Complete Sets from its manufacturer, Flowserve
Pte Ltd in Singapore (“Flowserve”).[note: 66] The Complete Sets were sent or
collected by the 3rd Plaintiff as consignee on 22 January 2009. The 4th
Plaintiff was given 30-days credit (from 22 January 2009),[note: 67] but it
made payment on 14 April 2009.[note: 68] There was no evidence of the
supplier’s reservation of title during the period of credit or until payment.
I found that the title passed to the 4th Plaintiff on 22 January 2009 when the
Complete Sets were delivered to the 3rd Plaintiff on behalf of the 4th
Plaintiff, and at the very latest, when payment was made on 14 April 2009.

5 As for the Pump Parts, the 4th Plaintiff’s customer in Indonesia, PT Menara
Alfasemesta, placed an order for these parts on 13 August 2008.[note: 69] The
4th Plaintiff then ordered the Pump Parts from Flowserve. The 3rd Plaintiff
collected the Pump Parts from one of Flowserve’s offices in Tuas on 29 January
2009.[note: 70] The 4th Plaintiff also paid for the Pump Parts in full by way
of telegraphic transfer on 29 January 2009.[note: 71] As with the Complete
Sets, I found that the title to the Pump Parts passed to the 4th Plaintiff on
delivery of or collection of the Pump Parts by the 3rd Plaintiff, and at the
latest, when payment was made.

The 5th Plaintiff’s title

6 The 5th Plaintiff was a supplier and distributor of electronic goods
manufactured by JVC in Indonesia. The 5th Plaintiff claimed ownership of the
following items:

(a) 582 cartons of JVC Receiver, Marine Case, DV Cassette (“Receivers”);

(b) 120 cartons of 120 pieces of JVC LCD TV (“LCD TVs”).[note: 72]

7 The 5th Plaintiff placed orders for various items, including the Receivers
and LCD TVs, with JVC Asia Pte Ltd in Singapore (“JVC Asia”) on 15 December
2008.[note: 73] Pursuant to the 5th Plaintiff’s instructions, JVC Asia
delivered the Receivers by truck to the 3rd Plaintiff on 30 January 2009, and
the LCD TVs (with 300 pieces of Memory Camera Standard Definition which do not
form part of the 5th Plaintiff’s claim[note: 74]) on 3 February 2009. The 3rd
Plaintiff then shipped the items to the 5th Plaintiff in Indonesia.[note: 75]
The 5th Plaintiff paid JVC Asia for the Receivers and LCD TVs in April 2009 by
telegraphic transfer,[note: 76] and received a receipt for the sum of
US$142,450.00 (inclusive of the 300 pieces of Memory Camera Standard
Definition).[note: 77] The 5th Plaintiff’s evidence was corroborated by one
Tan Kheng Teck, a Sales Executive of JVC Asia, who handled the 5th Plaintiff’s
orders.[note: 78] I was satisfied that title to the Receivers and LCD TVs
passed to the 5th Plaintiff on delivery to the 3rd Plaintiff who received them
as agent of the 5th Plaintiff.

The 6th Plaintiff’s title

8 The 6th Plaintiff was an Indonesian company which typically placed orders
with suppliers in various countries for delivery through the 3rd Plaintiff as
its freight forwarder. The 6th Plaintiff claimed ownership of the following
items:

(a) The 6th Plaintiff ordered 124 pails of Super White W-0116 Finishing Agent
(“Finishing Agent”) from Matsui Shikiso Chemical Co Ltd (“Matsui”) in July
2008 (reflected in Invoice No MI-22373).[note: 79] This order was shipped from
Kobe, Japan, to the 3rd Plaintiff in Singapore on 31 July 2008.[note: 80] The
6th Plaintiff paid for this order on 25 September 2008 by way of telegraphic
transfer.[note: 81]

(b) The 6th Plaintiff also ordered 40 drums & 141 pails of Finishing Agent
3648 kgs in December 2008 from Matsui as reflected in Invoice No MI-23114.
This order was shipped to the 3rd Plaintiff in Singapore on 15 January 2009.
The 6th Plaintiff paid for this order by way of telegraphic transfer on 2
March 2009.[note: 82] The 6th Plaintiff also adduced a letter dated 12 April
2011 from Matsui acknowledging that payment was made on those dates.[note: 83]

(c) The 6th Plaintiff ordered 10 bales/cartons of Screen Printing Squeeqees
from Hebei Menopharm Co Ltd (“Hebei Menopharm”) in January 2009, as reflected
in Invoice TTMN-1001/09 dated 3 January 2009.[note: 84] The 6th Plaintiff made
payment for this order two weeks after placing the order with Hebei
Menopharm.[note: 85] Eternal Fortune Freight Forwarding Co Ltd issued a bill
of lading dated 10 January 2009 in respect of this order, and shipped the
order to the 3rd Plaintiff.[note: 86]

(d) The 6th Plaintiff ordered 100 bags of Copa 0-80UM from Wenzhou Huate Hot-
Melts Co Ltd in January 2009 (“Wenzhou”), as reflected in Invoice HT-FP09001
dated 5 January 2009.[note: 87] The goods were shipped on 13 January 2009 to
the 3rd Plaintiff which was the consignee on the bill of lading.[note: 88] The
6th Plaintiff made payment two weeks after placing the order with
Wenzhou.[note: 89]

(e) The 6th Plaintiff ordered 18 pallets of Screen Printing Inks (“Inks”) from
Polyone-Shenzhen Co Ltd, as reflected in Invoice SO402531/32/33 dated 10
January 2009.[note: 90] The Inks were shipped to the 3rd Plaintiff as
consignee in a bill of lading dated 19 January issued by BDP Transport Inc.
The 6th Plaintiff paid for the Inks in January 2009.[note: 91]

(f) The 6th Plaintiff ordered 8 cartons of pigment from Day-Glo Color Corp in
January, as reflected in Invoice No 35671.[note: 92] The pigments were flown
from Ohio, USA, to Singapore on 16 January 2009.[note: 93] This order was paid
for on 16 January 2009 and 30 January 2009. The 6th Plaintiff relied on a
letter dated 8 April 2011 from Day-Glo confirming that payment was received on
the said dates.[note: 94]

9 In the case of the 6th Plaintiff’s goods, I was satisfied that the goods
were all delivered and paid for, and title passed to the 6th Plaintiff long
before the goods fell into the Defendant’s possession on 19 September 2009.
While the Defendant’s counsel during cross-examination appeared to point to
the lack of documentation evidencing payment by telegraphic transfers to the
respective suppliers, I found that no countervailing evidence of sufficient
weight was adduced to dispute the 6th Plaintiff’s claim to the items.

The 7th Plaintiff’s title

10 The 7th Plaintiff claims ownership of the following items:

(a) 17 skids of 85,000 pieces of 4” Slim Taper Files (“4” Files”) under
Invoice No 142142;

(b) 5 skids of 20,000 pieces of 4” Files, 10 loops of Bandsawblade and 3,000
pieces of Bowsawblade Peg Toothing under Invoices No 142665 and 142666.[note:
95]

11 The 7Th Plaintiff purchased the items from Snap-on Tools Singapore Pte Ltd
(“Snap-on Tools”) for distribution in Indonesia. Snap-on Tools would then
order the items from Holland, and the goods would be shipped from Holland to
Singapore to the 3rd Plaintiff, for shipment to Indonesia.

12 The 7th Plaintiff placed an order on 25 February 2008 for, _inter alia_ ,
2,000,000 pieces of 4” Files.[note: 96] The 4” Files were to be shipped in
batches. 85,000 out of the 2,000,000 pieces of 4” Files were purchased under
Invoice No 142142. The 85,000 pieces of 4” Files were shipped F O B
Rotterdam/C I F Singapore to the 3rd Plaintiff in Singapore.[note: 97] The
terms of payment was 90 days from the date of invoice (24 December 2008 in
this case).[note: 98] The 7th Plaintiff paid Invoice No 142142 in full on 2
January 2009 by way of telegraphic transfer, and received a receipt for the
payment from Snap-on Tools.[note: 99] I found that title to these goods passed
to the 7th Plaintiff on delivery to the 3rd Plaintiff, or at the latest, on
payment of the goods.

13 The second batch consisted of another 20,000 pieces out of the 2,000,000 of
4” Files (in Invoice No 142665[note: 100]), and 10 loops of Bandsawblade and
3000 pieces of Bowsawblade Peg Toothing (in Invoice No 142666[note: 101])
ordered on or around 23 January 2009. The 7th Plaintiff paid for the goods in
full on 26 March 2009 by way of telegraphic transfer, and received a receipt
from Snap-on Tools.[note: 102] This batch of items was sent by Snap-on Tools
to the 3rd Plaintiff, and received by the latter on 23 January 2009. For these
goods, I was also satisfied that title to the goods passed to the 7th
Plaintiff on delivery to the 3rd Plaintiff, or at the latest, on payment. The
7th Plaintiff’s evidence was corroborated by Tan Hwee Kiong, the managing
director of Snap-on Tools.[note: 103]

The 8th Plaintiff’s title

14 The 8th Plaintiff claimed title to the following items:

(a) 1100 cartons of Chamisul Soju;

(b) 30 cartons of POS Materials, _ie_ cup / ice bucket.

15 The 8th Plaintiff purchased items from Jinro Limited (“Jinro”) in South
Korea for supply in Indonesia. The 8th Plaintiff placed an order some time
before 19 March 2008 for 2,200 cartons of Chamisul Soju and 60 cartons of POS
materials.[note: 104] The 8th Plaintiff paid Jinro for the items on 19 March
2008 by way of bank remittance.[note: 105]

16 The Defendant submitted that the commercial invoice[note: 106] and bill of
lading[note: 107] used to evidence shipment from South Korea to Indonesia were
dated 4 February 2008 and 24 February 2008 respectively and they did not
correspond with the 8th Plaintiff’s evidence that the order was only made on
19 March 2008.[note: 108] Notwithstanding this, I was satisfied that title
passed to the 8th Plaintiff on payment. Moreover, neither Jinro nor any other
party came forward to claim ownership of the goods. There was also no evidence
that Jinro retained any right of disposal to the items. The 8th Plaintiff’s
title to the goods was made out.

The 10th Plaintiff’s title

17 The 10th Plaintiff, Ng Roy Dinur, was a distributor of mobile phones in
Indonesia. He claimed title to 2 cartons of Sony Ericsson and Nokia mobile
phones and spare parts (collectively, “Handphones”). The 10th Plaintiff placed
orders for the Handphones with his partners in Hong Kong in January
2009,[note: 109] and paid for the Handphones in full in cash.[note: 110]
Payment for the Handphones was made in two instalments of US$20,000 and a
third instalment of US$14,270.00 in the first half of 2009.[note: 111] The
goods were flown out on 24 January 2009 to the 1st Plaintiff for shipment to
the 10th Plaintiff in Indonesia. I was satisfied that title to the goods
passed to the 10th Plaintiff when it made full payment for the Handphones at
the latest. This was before the 30 FCL containers came into possession of
Prolink Logistics or the Defendant.

The 11th Plaintiff’s title

18 The 11th Plaintiff claimed ownership of the following items:

(a) 24 cartons of 605 books of cloth samples;

(b) 257 bales of Terylene Cloth.[note: 112]

19 The items were purchased from Shenzhen Daranfang Industrial Co Ltd
(“Shenzhen Daranfang”) for supply to customers in Indonesia. The items were
shipped from Shenzhen, China to Singapore and received by the 3rd Plaintiff
sometime in January 2009\. The 11th Plaintiff paid for the goods in full by
way of telegraphic transfer on 3 June 2008.[note: 113] The 11th Plaintiff’s
testimony was also corroborated by Sun Yuzhen, the manager of Shenzhen
Daranfang who was the person in charge of this sales transaction. I was
satisfied that the 11th Plaintiff was the owner of these goods.

The 12th Plaintiff’s title

20 The 12th Plaintiff claimed that he owned 2 Caper Multi-purposed Chairs
(“Chairs”) with adjustable height. His sister-in-law, Jenny Liong visited Xtra
Designs Pte Ltd’s shop in Park Mall, Singapore, and placed an order on the
12th Plaintiff’s behalf.[note: 114] He made payment for this by telegraphic
transfer on 7 or 8 February 2009, as indicated in Invoice No LI1467.[note:
115] Even though Invoice No LI1467 was addressed to the 12th Plaintiff’s
sister-in-law, the circumstances indicated that the true owner of the Chairs
was the 12th Plaintiff. The Chairs were sent to 3rd Plaintiff in February 2009
for shipment to Indonesia. I found that title to the Chairs passed to the 12th
Plaintiff on payment.

The 13th Plaintiff’s title

21 The 13th Plaintiff claimed that it owned 327 cartons of assorted liquor
which was purchased from Pernod Ricard Singapore Pte Ltd (“Pernod
Ricard”).[note: 116] In February 2009, the 13th Plaintiff placed an order with
Pernod Ricard for the purchase of the liquor. The 13th Plaintiff paid for the
goods in full by cheque to Pernod Ricard.[note: 117] The liquor was purchased
in two orders and both orders were paid for in full on or before 12 February
2009. Pernod Richard then delivered the goods to the 2nd Plaintiff, who was to
ship the goods to Indonesia.[note: 118] Lee Khong Qai, Kevin Wilfred, an
employee of Pernod Ricard who was the person in charge of the orders, also
confirmed that the orders were paid for in full before delivery. He testified
that Pernod Ricard would not have delivered the order unless payment for the
order had been received.[note: 119] I did not consider the absence of a
receipt to be detrimental.[note: 120] I was satisfied that the 13th Plaintiff
had established its proprietary title to the 327 cartons of assorted liquor.

The 15th Plaintiff’s title

22 The 15th Plaintiff claimed to own the following goods:

(a) 1 Plockmatic Collator;

(b) 1 Plockmatic Belt Stacker with Base;

(c) 1 Plockmatic Booklet Make; and

(d) 1 Base to 310+ (showroom model).

23 The 15th Plaintiff placed the order for the goods with Rota Corporation
(Pte) Ltd (“Rota”) in Singapore in December 2008.[note: 121] The 15th
Plaintiff made full payment for the goods on 20 January 2009.[note: 122] Rota
then delivered the goods to the 3rd Plaintiff for shipment to the 15th
Plaintiff in Indonesia. This was supported by a United Overseas Bank cash
deposit slip dated 20 January 2009.[note: 123] The goods were sent to the 3rd
Plaintiff for shipment to the 15th Plaintiff in Indonesia on 22 January
2009.[note: 124] The 15th Plaintiff’s evidence was corroborated by Li Hui
Zhang, a technician of Rota who managed this transaction. I was of the view
that the 15th Plaintiff had established its proprietary title to the goods.

\----------------------------------------

Annexure B: Hearings before Justice Belinda Ang Saw Ean

1\. _SUM No 4216 of 2011 filed on 22 September 2011 by Defendant for Striking
Out_

6 October 2011 - Dismissed. No order as to costs.

2\. _SUM No 4217 of 2011 filed on 22 September 2011 by Defendant for
Discovery_

6 October 2011 - (i) Documents/correspondence with APL and Samudera and vice
versa touching on the issuance of the 3 bills of lading Sin/JKT including
whatever documents submitted to APL and Samudera for this shipment; (ii) OIT
prayer 2(b); (iii) Plaintiffs to file Supplemental LOD and Affidavit verifying
the same by 10/10/11; (iv) Leave to Plaintiffs to file Supplementary AEIC of
Lola Heng by 12/10/11 and (v) Plaintiffs to pay the Defendant costs of the
application fixed at $1,200.

3\. _SUM No 4218 of 2011 filed on 22 September 2011 by Defendant for
Declaration_

27 February 2012 - Dismissed. Costs adjourned to 28.2.12 at 10.00am.

28 February 2012 - The costs order made on 28 February 2012 for costs of the
action would include all summonses that require costs orders from the court.

4\. _SUM No 4442 of 2011 filed on 4 October 2011 by Defendant for leave to
file and serve AEIC of Pang Chan Kok William etc_

6 October 2011 - No order was made.

5\. _SUM No 4456 of 2011 filed on 5 October 2011 by Defendant for leave to
call Linda Irawaty as witness without AEIC_

6 October 2011 - Dismissed. Subpoena set aside. Defendant ordered to pay Linda
Irawaty costs of the application fixed at $2,500.

6\. _SUM No 4641 of 2011 filed on 14 October 2011 by Defendant for leave to
amend Defence (Amendment No 2)_

17 October 2011 - Dismissed. Costs reserved.

28 February 2012 - The costs order made on 28 February 2012 for costs of the
action would include all summonses that require costs orders from the court.

7\. _SUM No 4730 of 2011 filed on 19 October 2011 by Defendant for leave to
file, serve and adduce AEIC of Andrew I. Sriro_

24 October 2011 – Dismissed with costs fixed at $2,000.

8\. _SUM No 4820 of 2011 filed on 25 October 2011 by Defendant for leave to
file and serve AEIC of a representative from Singapore Logistics Assoc. etc._

15 November 2011 - Dismissed. Costs reserved.

28 February 2012 – The costs order made on 28 February 2012 for costs of the
action would include all summonses that require costs orders from the court.

9\. _SUM No 5358 of 2009 filed on 13 October 2009 by Plaintiffs for delivery
up of certain cargo (COSTS ONLY)_

28 February 2012 - The costs order made on 28 February 2012 for costs of the
action would include costs of SUM 5358 of 2009 with liberty to the Defendant
to raise quantum before Taxing Registrar in relation to the affidavits filed
in respect of SUM 5358 of 2009 and AEICs.

\--------------------------------

* * *

[note: 1]1AB pp 33-35

[note: 2]Transcripts dated 14.10.11, p 23

[note: 3]Defendant’s Bundle of Interlocutory Affidavits, Vol 1, Tab 1 p 67

[note: 4]Hari’s 1st AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 23

[note: 5]Kim’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 17

[note: 6]Kim’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 17; Hari’s 1st AEIC filed on
31/5/11, para 24

[note: 7]Lola’s AEIC, filed on 31/5/11, para 16

[note: 8]Exhibited at THM 1-Tab 33 and Tab 34

[note: 9]Kim’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 22

[note: 10]Kim’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 26

[note: 11]Hari’s 1st AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 29

[note: 12]Fabian’s 2nd Interlocutory Affidavit filed on 19/11/09, para 11;
Fabian’s 1st AEIC filed on 27/5/11, para 12.

[note: 13]BP Tab 5, p 72

[note: 14]BP Tab 5, p 69

[note: 15]Fabian’s 1st AEIC filed on 27/5/11, p 395

[note: 16]Fabian’s 1st AEIC filed on 27/5/11, p 467

[note: 17]Fabian’s Interlocutory Affidavit filed on 19/11/09, pp 36-37

[note: 18]BP Tab 5, p 71

[note: 19]Fabian’s 1st AEIC filed on 27/5/11, p 560

[note: 20]Fabian’s Interlocutory Affidavit filed on 18/11/09, pp68-69

[note: 21]Fabian’s 1st AEIC filed on 27/5/11, p 561

[note: 22]Fabian’s 1st AEIC filed on 27/5/11, para16

[note: 23]Plaintiffs’ Opening Statement filed on 23/9/11, para 26

[note: 24]SOC (Amendment No 1) re-filed on 29/8/11, para 3

[note: 25]Defendant’s Opening Statement filed on 26/9/11, paras 25-26

[note: 26]Transcripts dated 21.10.11 at p 27

[note: 27]Transcripts dated 21.10.11 at p 16

[note: 28]Lola’s AEIC at para 12

[note: 29]Transcripts dated 24.10.11 at pp 4-5

[note: 30]Transcripts dated 21.10.11 at p 35

[note: 31]Transcripts dated 21.10.11at p 32

[note: 32]Fabian’s 2nd Affidavit filed on 19/11/09, para 11; Plaintiffs’
Closing Submissions, para 49

[note: 33]Transcripts dated 24.10.11at pp30-31

[note: 34]Hari’s Interlocutory Affidavit filed on 09/11/09, para 7

[note: 35]Hari’s 1st AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 40; THM-1 Tab 42

[note: 36]Transcripts dated 24.10.11 at pp 37-38

[note: 37]Transcripts dated 24.10.11 at pp 16 & 19

[note: 38]Hari’s 2nd Interlocutory Affidavit filed on 6/11/09, pp 81-83;
Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 20

[note: 39]1AB p 52

[note: 40]Defence filed on 17/3/10 at para 19

[note: 41]Defence (Amendment No 1) re-filed on 13/9/11 at para 28

[note: 42]Transcripts dated 21.10.11 at p 21

[note: 43]Transcripts dated 21.10.11 at p 20

[note: 44]Transcripts dated 21.10.11 at pp 22-23

[note: 45]Hari’s 1st AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 1066

[note: 46]Hari’s 2nd Interlocutory Affidavit filed on 6/11/09, p 71-74

[note: 47]2AB, p 321

[note: 48]2AB, p 325, para 3

[note: 49]Fabian’s 5th Affidavit filed on 22/09/11, para 11

[note: 50]Plaintiff’s Lien Submissions, para 1

[note: 51]Transcripts dated 14.10.11 at pp 31, 35-36

[note: 52]Defendant’s Submissions on Preliminary Issues, paras 22-23

[note: 53]Transcripts dated 14 October 2011, p 55 at lines 21 – 22

[note: 54]Transcripts dated 21 October 2009, p 49, 56-57; Table tendered on 20
February 2012

[note: 55]Lola’s 2nd AEIC filed on 12/10/11,, para 19, p 57

[note: 56]Lola’s 2nd AEIC filed on 12/10/11, para 19, p 55

[note: 57]SOC (Amendment No 1) filed on 29/8/11, para 10; Lola’s 2nd AEIC
filed on 12/10/11, p 32

[note: 58]FNBP filed on 23.06.10 & Defence (Amendment No 1) filed on 13/9/11,
para 25

[note: 59]Lola’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 6; see also Lola’s Supp AEIC,
para 8, 10, 12,17; p 12-14, p 22 Lola’s 2nd AEIC filed on 12/10/11, p 28
(Samudera), 35-40 (APL)

[note: 60]Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 19

[note: 61]SOC (Amendment No 1) re-filed on 29/8/11, p 21

[note: 62]SOC (Amendment No 1) re-filed on 29/8/11, p 21

[note: 63]SOC (Amendment No 1) re-filed on 29/11/11, pp 21 to 29

[note: 64]Budhi Nurpasha’s (“Budhi”) AEIC filed on 9/6/11, p 9

[note: 65]Budhi’s AEIC filed on 9/6/11, para 6.

[note: 66]Budhi’s AEIC filed on 9/6/11, p 17

[note: 67]Budhi’s AEIC filed on 9/6/11, p 19

[note: 68]Budhi’s AEIC filed on 9/6/11, para 11

[note: 69]Budhi’s AEIC filed on 9/6/11, para 13

[note: 70]Budhi’s AEIC filed on 9/6/11, para 15; p 36

[note: 71]Budhi’s AEIC filed on 9/6/11, para 11, p 26

[note: 72]SOC (Amendment No 1) re-filed on 29/8/11, para 3(b); Tan Kheng
Teck’s AEIC (JVC) filed on 31/5/11, p 9, 11

[note: 73]Teddy’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 7

[note: 74]Teddy’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 15

[note: 75]TKT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 10

[note: 76]Teddy’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 12

[note: 77]Teddy’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 21

[note: 78]TKT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11

[note: 79]Goei Hoei Tin (“GHT”)’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 6

[note: 80]GHT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 15

[note: 81]GHT”s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 8

[note: 82]GHT”s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 8

[note: 83]GHT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 8; p 22

[note: 84]GHT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 13

[note: 85]GHT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 11

[note: 86]GHT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 30

[note: 87]GHT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 10

[note: 88]GHT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 26

[note: 89]GHT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 11

[note: 90]GHT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 35

[note: 91]GHT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, paras 16 and 17

[note: 92]GHT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 45

[note: 93]GHT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 46

[note: 94]GHT’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 50

[note: 95]Jie Leong Poe’s (“JLP”) AEIC filed on 31/5/11, paras 4 and 5;

[note: 96]JLP’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 11

[note: 97]JLP’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, pp 15 and 16

[note: 98]JLP’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 15

[note: 99]JLP’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 18

[note: 100]JLP’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 20

[note: 101]JLP’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 24

[note: 102]JLP’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 31

[note: 103]Tan Hwee Kiong’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, paras 13 to 18

[note: 104]Reimer Simorangkir’s (“Reimer”) AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 8

[note: 105]Reimer’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 9, p 12

[note: 106]Reimer’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 14

[note: 107]Reimer’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 16

[note: 108]Transcripts dated 7 October 2011, pp 71-72

[note: 109]Roy Ng’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 7

[note: 110]Roy Ng’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, paras 6, 8

[note: 111]Roy Ng’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 8

[note: 112]Carlo Setiadi’s (“Carlo”)AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 4

[note: 113]Carlo’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, paras 12-13

[note: 114]Santoso Kartono (“Santoso”) AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 6

[note: 115]Santoso’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 7

[note: 116]Chew Men Lai’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 4

[note: 117]Chew Men Lai’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 10

[note: 118]Chew Men Lai’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 6

[note: 119]Kevin Lee’s AEIC on 31/5/11, paras 8-9

[note: 120]Kevin Lee’s AEIC on 31/5/11, paras 8-9

[note: 121]Ronny Awaloei’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 8

[note: 122]Ronny Awaloei’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 11

[note: 123]Ronny Awaloei’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, p 13

[note: 124]Li Hui Zhang’s AEIC filed on 31/5/11, para 8, p 10

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jul 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

