Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Kalaiarasi d/o Marimuthu Innasimuthu _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2012] SGHC 58

Case Number| :| Criminal Revision No 1 of 2012 and Magistrate's Appeal No 191
of 2011/01  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ezekiel Peter Latimer (Peter Ezekiel & Co) for the
appellant in Magistrate's Appeal No 191 of 2011/01 and the respondent in
Criminal Revision No 1 of 2012; Darryl Soh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for
the respondent in Magistrate's Appeal No 191 of 2011/01 and the petitioner in
Criminal Revision No 1 of 2012.  
Parties| :|  Kalaiarasi d/o Marimuthu Innasimuthu — Public Prosecutor  
  
19 March 2012|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the sentences imposed by a District Judge (“the
DJ”) (see _Public Prosecutor v Kalaiarasi d/o Marimuthu_ _Innasimuthu_ [2011]
SGMC 5 (“the GD”)). The DJ had imposed a term of imprisonment of eight weeks
on the appellant, a kindergarten teacher, for failing to submit to the
Official Assignee (“the OA”) accounts of moneys and properties pursuant to s
82(1)_(a)_ of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“BA”). After
considering the parties’ submissions, I set aside the sentence of imprisonment
and granted a conditional discharge pursuant to s 8(1) of the Probation of
Offenders Act (Cap 252, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). I now give the detailed
reasons for my decision.

2 This is perhaps a timely opportunity to repeat the exhortation by Chan Sek
Keong CJ in an extrajudicial speech (see Chan Sek Keong CJ, Opening Address at
the Yellow Ribbon Conference 2006: “Unlocking the Second Prison” (27 September
2006)[note: 1]:

Each time a judge decides to punish an offender, he must remember to ask
himself the additional question: Why punish? This will remind him that the
punishment imposed should achieve a societal purpose and cannot be an end in
itself.

In a similar vein, Nigel Walker at p 6 of _Why Punish: Theories of Punishment
Reassessed_ (Oxford University Press, 1991) opined that justification of
individual sentences is desirable:

_Yet a sentencer who regards his consistency with his colleagues’ practice as
a complete justification is rather like a priest who performs ritual actions
without asking himself why they are part of the ritual._ Even a ritual has a
meaning. _Punishment is something more than a series of hopefully consistent
decisions: as we have seen, it is a social institution. Like other social
institutions it must serve – or at least appear to serve – one or more desired
functions._ If it did not, it would have been allowed to wither away, like
outlawry and craft-guilds, or have come to be regarded as nothing more than a
ritual, like the mounting of ceremonial guards. [emphasis added]

3 It is indisputable that sentencing must serve a “societal purpose”. Further,
it is axiomatic, other than in situations necessitating mandatory fixed
sentencing, that the sentence meted out must be rigorously justified by
reference to settled sentencing objectives and principles as well as the facts
of the particular case. I made this observation in _Biplob_ _Hossain_ _Younus_
_Akan and others v Public Prosecutor and another matter_ [2011] 3 SLR 217 (at
[18]):

Each case must _turn on a close examination of its facts_ , for which a bland
recitation of general principles is no substitute. [emphasis added]

4 Not unlike a decision on sentencing, a decision to prosecute must also serve
a societal purpose. Not all offending conduct is subjected to prosecution, and
even then, the prosecution in the exercise of its extensive discretion may
selectively decide what offending conduct it proposes to sanction. It has the
discretion to decide on both the nature of the charges and, in the case of
repeated offending, the number of charges. This ought not to be a mechanical
exercise. Rather, it should take into account all the pertinent circumstances
and the overriding consideration of serving the larger good of the community.
Each time before charges are preferred the prosecution too should ask of
itself a not dissimilar question: why prosecute? As will be seen, this case
raised legitimate concerns about how and why the decision to prefer 30 charges
against the appellant was reached by those having carriage of this matter at
the Insolvency and Public Trustee’s Office (“IPTO”). First, there plainly was
substantial delay in prosecuting the appellant – and this delay could not be
attributed to the appellant in any way. Second, to compound matters, the
gravity of the appellant’s offending – in so far as the 30 charges preferred
against her were concerned – was directly attributable to the delay in
prosecution. Having considered the nature of the offences, the profile of the
appellant as well as the entirety of the prevailing circumstances, I
unhesitatingly came to the conclusion that the usual punishments of
imprisonment or fines would be entirely inappropriate and granted the
appellant a conditional discharge. I now set out the factual matrix of this
appeal.

Background facts

The charges

5 The appellant was adjudicated a bankrupt on 7 January 2000 through
Bankruptcy Order No. 3563 of 1999 together with her husband for a sum below
$60,000.[note: 2] The appellant’s bankruptcy was a result of being unable to
repay a loan facility which she had applied for, but did not benefit from,
together with her now estranged husband. By virtue of s 82(1)(_a_) of the BA,
the appellant was under an obligation to submit to the OA accounts of monies
and properties once every six months or such other period as the OA may
specify. Such accounts are filed using Income and Expenditure Statements (“I &
E Statements”). Section 82(1) of the BA reads:

**Bankrupt to submit accounts**

**82.** —(1) A bankrupt who has not obtained his discharge shall, unless
otherwise directed by the Official Assignee —

(_a_) submit to the Official Assignee once in every 6 months an account of all
moneys and property which have come to his hands for his own use during the
preceding 6 months or such other period as the Official Assignee may specify;
or

(_b_) pay and make over to the Official Assignee so much of such moneys and
property as have not been expended in the necessary expenses of maintenance of
himself and his family.

(2) A bankrupt who fails to comply with subsection (1)(_a_) or (_b_) shall be
guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding
$10,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years or to both and, in
the case of a continuing offence, to a further fine not exceeding $200 for
every day during which the offence continues after conviction.

[emphasis in original in bold]

6 After she was adjudged a bankrupt, on 15 February 2000, the appellant was
furnished with bankruptcy information sheets which informed her of her
statutory duty to submit her I & E Statements pursuant to s 82(1)_(a)_ of the
BA. The appellant filed her I & E Statements for the requisite periods between
April 2000 and March 2002 and between October 2002 and March 2003.[note: 3]
Pertinently, the appellant did not personally prepare the I & E Statements but
relied upon her husband to do so prior to appending her signature on
them.[note: 4] After 2003, the appellant failed to continue to submit her
statements because she incorrectly assumed that her husband, with whom she had
become estranged, would submit the relevant statements on her behalf (see [14]
below). Just two reminders to file her I & E Statements were thereafter sent
to the appellant - the first on 17 May 2003 and the second, more than seven
years later, on 7 July 2010. Plainly, the appellant’s file was not being
appropriately monitored by the IPTO in the interim. Further, her failure to
file the relevant I & E Statements was apparently not viewed with any degree
of consternation by the IPTO. This can be inferred from the fact that
following the last reminder, notwithstanding her failure to file the I & E
Statements for more than eight years, on 11 October 2010, the IPTO wrote to
the appellant informing that her case was being reviewed for possible
discharge from bankruptcy. In the same letter, the IPTO proposed that the
appellant pay a sum of $5,000 to expedite her discharge from bankruptcy. The
IPTO again wrote to the appellant on 17 March 2011. The contents of the letter
of 17 March 2011 were identical to the letter of 11 October 2010. In response
to the IPTO’s letter of 17 March 2011, the appellant in a letter dated 28
March 2011 expressed her eagerness to be discharged from bankruptcy. However,
as she was unable to raise the sum of $5,000 proposed by the IPTO, the
appellant offered a sum of $1,000 as the said sum was within her means.
_Shortly after this, without any apparent attempt to elicit her reasons for
failing to file the relevant I & E Statements for such a substantial period
and/ or why she was unable to raise more money to discharge her bankruptcy, 30
charges under s 82(1)_(a _) of the BA (as alluded to at_[4]  _above) were
abruptly preferred against the appellant._

The salient facts

7 During the proceedings below, the appellant pleaded guilty to three charges
under s 82(1)(_a_) of the BA for failing to meet her obligations under the
said provision. The offences occurred during the following periods: April 2002
to September 2002; April 2003 to June 2003; and July 2003 to September 2003.
An additional 27 charges under the same provision were taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing. The 27 charges which were taken
into consideration essentially pertained to the appellant having failed to
file her I & E Statements from October 2003 to March 2011. Evident from the
particulars of each of the 27 charges, 24 charges were preferred for every
three month period (_viz_ , OAS 000407 to 000430-MSC-2011) and three charges
were preferred for every six month period (_viz_ , OAS 000431 to
000433-MSC-2011) that the appellant did not file an I & E Statement.

8 During the appeal, I queried the Prosecution at some length as to why there
had been such a substantial lapse in time between the appellant’s commission
of the first offence in 2002 and her eventual prosecution in 2011. Counsel for
the Prosecution, Mr Darryl Soh (“Mr Soh”), informed the court that the IPTO
does not prosecute offenders under s 82(1)_(a)_ of the BA immediately after
each infraction. This is to allow bankrupts an opportunity to file their I & E
Statements and thereby rectify their earlier omission(s).[note: 5]_However, Mr
Soh also candidly acknowledged that the IPTO’s current policy (with effect
from January 2010) is to prosecute such offences after three years of
persistent non-compliance._[note: 6] Mr Soh also stated that the IPTO would
usually send reminders to bankrupts during the three-year hiatus.[note: 7] In
short, a prosecution would ordinarily only be initiated if the bankrupt
persisted in defaulting despite reminders being received over a three-year
period.

9 The charges against the appellant were preferred on 27 June 2011.[note: 8]
It was readily apparent that the nine year lapse between the appellant’s first
offence and her eventual prosecution could not be justified by reference to
the IPTO’s current policy of according bankrupts a reasonable opportunity to
rectify lapses. Here, the appellant was charged after, and for, nine years of
non-compliance with s 82(1)_(a)_ of the BA. Significantly, only two reminders
were sent to the appellant, the first on 17 May 2003 and the second, after an
inexplicable hiatus, on 7 July 2010. In fact, there was absolutely no evidence
on record that the 17 May 2003 reminder was even received by her. Even
assuming it had been received, it was noteworthy that these reminders were
more than seven years apart. After I made these observations during the
hearing, Mr Soh acknowledged that “ _after the first reminder was given to the
appellant on 17 May 2003, there was a lapse by the case officer [handling the
appellant’s matter] in following up on this matter. So the prolonged failure
[by the appellant] to file [her I & E Statements] was only detected in 2010,
that [was] when the second reminder was sent._”[note: 9]

The decision below

10 While the DJ noted that the appellant was a first time offender, he was of
the view that a term of imprisonment was justified on the facts. The DJ
relied, in the main, on the case of _Public Prosecutor v Choong_ _Kian Haw_
[2002] 2 SLR(R) 997 where Yong Pung How CJ stated at [24] that fines were
generally an unsuitable means for punishing bankrupts because such persons
would typically be unable to pay the fines on their own accord.

11 While acknowledging that fines may be imposed in appropriate situations (at
[13] of the GD), the DJ considered (at [15] of the GD) that there were no
“exceptional circumstances that warranted the imposition of a fine only or
that of a nominal custodial term.” On the contrary, the DJ considered the
appellant’s conduct to have aggravating features. This is evident from [17] of
the GD which reads:

The [appellant] did not (or could not) explain the reason(s) for the extremely
long delay in filing her I & E statements. It was not as though she was
unaware of this requirement as she had filed her statements required periods
(_sic_) between April 2000 and June 2002 _and she had received repeated
reminders from the OA. It would appear that the [appellant] had wilfully and
blatantly disregarded her statutory duty [for] more than 8 years._ It showed a
deliberate disregard for the requirements under the Bankruptcy Act. [emphasis
added]

The DJ thus deemed the appropriate sentence to be four weeks’ imprisonment for
each of the three proceeded charges. Two of the sentences were ordered to be
served consecutively. The total sentence imposed by the DJ was thus eight
weeks’ imprisonment. I should add that the appellant was unrepresented in the
proceedings below and it did not appear from the court’s certified notes of
evidence that the DJ queried either the appellant or the prosecutor why the I
& E statements had not been filed for such a substantial period. I was
therefore puzzled as to why the DJ referred to the appellant as having
received “repeated reminders” when the facts were otherwise. It was also
unclear how the DJ concluded that the appellant “had _wilfully and blatantly_
” disregarded her statutory duty. While there was no doubt that the appellant
had failed to discharge her statutory duty, it would be a stretch to say that
she had done so “wilfully and blatantly”. Pertinently, on appeal, the
Prosecution only characterised her conduct as “grossly negligent” (see below
at [17]). It therefore seemed to me quite plain that the DJ had erroneously
considered the appellant to be deserving of exemplary punishment and, as a
consequence, mistakenly punished her harshly.

12 The appellant filed an appeal against the DJ’s decision.

Criminal Revision No. 1 of 2012

13 At the commencement of the hearing, the Prosecution informed the court that
one of the charges (_ie_ , OAS 000433-MSC-2011) was erroneously preferred
against the appellant. This was one of the 27 charges which were taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing the appellant during proceedings
below. The said charge was preferred against the appellant for having failed
to file an I & E Statement for the period between October 2010 and March 2011.
As the Prosecution had, after the hearing below, discovered that the appellant
had actually fulfilled her statutory obligation pursuant to s 82(1)_(a)_ of
the BA for the relevant period, the Prosecution filed Criminal Revision No. 1
of 2012 pursuant to s 400 of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Act 15 of 2010)
(“CPC 2010”) seeking the exercise of this court’s revisionary powers pursuant
to s 401 of the CPC 2010 to quash the order to take into consideration OAS
000433-MSC-2011 for the purpose of sentencing. By consent, I ordered that OAS
000433-MSC-2011 was not to be taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing. I should observe that this error amplified the clear shortcomings
in how this matter was inattentively processed by the IPTO and also brought
into sharp focus the appellant’s lack of awareness as to what she had pleaded
guilty to.

Counsel’s arguments in Magistrate’s Appeal No. 191 of 2011

14 The appellant was in person when she pleaded guilty to the offences at the
proceedings below. On appeal, her counsel argued that she had no intention to
deceive the authorities or conceal any changes to her income and
expenditure.[note: 10] In any case, any such changes were not
significant.[note: 11] The appellant’s counsel also pointed out that she had
complied with the statutory requirements for a period of two years before she
was charged.[note: 12] Thereafter she incorrectly assumed that her husband,
with whom she had become estranged, would submit the relevant statements on
her behalf.[note: 13]

15 The appellant’s counsel further submitted that the appellant was not
flagrant or defiant in her attitude because, as noted at [6] above, she wrote
to the IPTO after she had received a second reminder to offer a settlement of
$1,000.[note: 14]

16 The appellant also stressed that she was a law abiding person who made an
important contribution to her family and society by working as a kindergarten
teacher at a People’s Action Party Community Foundation (“PCF”)
kindergarten.[note: 15] She produced a letter from the Chairman of the
relevant PCF branch, recording her achievements (see further below at
[41]).[note: 16]

17 The Prosecution, on the other hand, submitted that the appellant had not
discharged her burden of showing exceptional circumstances that would justify
a departure from the custodial norm as set out in the relevant
precedents.[note: 17] Before I made the above observations at [9], the
Prosecution also highlighted the appellant’s culpability by pointing to her
prolonged non-compliance, which, it was submitted, showed that she was grossly
negligent.[note: 18] Finally, the Prosecution submitted that the sentence
imposed on the appellant was in line with sentencing precedents and could not
be considered to be manifestly excessive.[note: 19]

The applicable legal principles

The relevance of a delay in prosecution

18 The facts of this case (as set out at [6]–[9] above) clearly speak for
itself: the appellant was charged in court only after nine years of non-
compliance with s 82(1)_(a)_ of the BA. This aspect of the case was troubling
because it appeared that the number of charges preferred against the appellant
was a function of the delay in commencement of prosecutorial action. In other
words, the length of delay in prosecution was directly related to the period
of non-compliance with s 82(1)_(a)_ of the BA on the part of the appellant.

19 In _Chan Kum Hong Randy v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 1019 (“
_Randy_ ”), I set out the applicable sentencing considerations where a delay
in prosecution has been occasioned (at [32]–[38]):

32 In cases of inordinately-delayed prosecution, the first and foremost
inquiry should always be whether the accused was in any way responsible for
the delay. The courts must be careful to draw a distinction between, on the
one hand, cases where the delay is occasioned by the offender's attempts to
avoid the consequences of his criminality and, on the other hand, cases where
the delay is due to circumstances entirely beyond the offender's control.

33 In cases where the delay is attributable to the offender’s own misconduct
(_eg_ , where the offender has evaded detection, destroyed evidence, actively
misled the police or been less than forthcoming to the investigating
authorities), the offender cannot complain of the delay in prosecution, much
less seek to opportunistically extract some mitigating credit from it. To
allow the offender in such a scenario any discount in sentencing would be
contrary to all notions of justice. This axiomatic proposition was endorsed in
_R v Whyte_ (2004) 7 VR 397, where Winneke P observed (at [25]) as follows:

I do not think [the trial judge] erred in according to the fact of “delay”
little significance. Delay will very frequently be a matter of mitigation,
particularly where the accused has used the time involved to rehabilitate
himself or herself. For the respondent [_ie_ , the prosecuting authorities],
Mr Ross contended that the concept of delay as a mitigating factor cannot
figure largely in the sentencing process where the delay is “self-inflicted”;
rather it will become a major mitigating factor if the delay was not due to
the fault of the accused but rather the fault of the prosecuting authority or
the system of the administration of justice. _Where, however, the delay cannot
be sheeted home to the prosecution or the system, but can be fairly attributed
to the accused, such as absconding from bail, fleeing the jurisdiction or
otherwise avoiding being brought to justice, delay must necessarily become of
less significance, even to the point of giving less credit for rehabilitation
established during that period._ [emphasis added]

34 It is therefore clear both as a matter of principle and common sense that
the courts should not afford any leniency to offenders who are responsible for
delaying justice or preventing justice from taking its course either by
concealing the truth or by obstructing investigations. This would be
tantamount to allowing the offender to profit from his own wrongdoing.

35 Second, the rehabilitative progress of the offender must be considered in
the light of the nature and the gravity of the offence, as well as the wider
public interest in each individual case. Considerations of fairness to an
accused may in certain circumstances be substantially irrelevant - or, indeed,
even outweighed by the public interest - if the offence in question is
particularly heinous or where the offender is recalcitrant and/or has numerous
antecedents. Convictions for certain offences, I emphasise, cannot be treated
lightly, notwithstanding inordinately delayed prosecution.

36 In a similar vein, the length of delay involved must always be assessed in
the context of the nature of the investigations - _viz_ , whether the case
involves complex questions of fact which necessarily engender meticulous and
laborious inquiry over an extended period, or whether the case may be disposed
of in a relatively uncomplicated manner (for instance, where the offender has
fully admitted to his complicity). In the former scenario, an extended period
of investigations might not only be expected, but also necessary and vital to
uncover sufficient evidence to bring the accused to trial. This is likely to
be the case for offences which often, by their nature, resist straightforward
inquiry (for instance, sexual offences against young or vulnerable victims and
financial fraud involving complex accounting and multi-jurisdictional issues).

37 By way of illustration, in _Yau Kong Kui v Public Prosecutor_ [1989] 2 MLJ
139 at 141, Roberts CJ considered a lapse of 16 months between the offender's
appearance in court and the date of his eventual sentence to be “difficult to
excuse for an offence of this nature” (_ie_ , the offence of dangerous driving
causing death). Similarly, in _Tan Kiang Kwang_ [_v PP_[1995] 3 SLR(R) 746]
([21] _supra_), the accused, who was investigated and arrested in 1988 for
offences which “did not involve what might be termed complex or sophisticated
fraud” (at [25]), was not charged until some six years later in 1994. Such an
aberration was attributed entirely to the Prosecution and was castigated by
Yong CJ as “unacceptable” by any standards.

38 At the end of the day, it must be appreciated that every factual matrix is
infused with myriad imponderables and subject to its own singular permutation
of variable factors, and is, to that extent, unique. Not every instance of a
long and protracted investigative process warrants a reduction in sentence.
The weight to be attached to fairness and/or rehabilitation as attenuating
sentencing considerations in the event of inordinate prosecutorial delay must
necessarily vary from case to case.

20 For the reasons explained below (see [41]), I took the view that the
appellant’s sentence ought to be calibrated with the inordinate delay in
prosecution at the forefront of considerations. I therefore asked counsel for
submissions on any alternative sentencing options available on the facts which
emerged in the course of the hearing.[note: 20]

21 After seeking an adjournment to take instructions, Mr Soh informed me that
the possible options included probation, a conditional discharge and a
community sentence.[note: 21] Mr Soh objected, however, to an order for a
conditional discharge on the ground that the appellant knew of the statutory
requirements.[note: 22]

When would an absolute or conditional discharge be an appropriate sentence?

22 For the reasons explained below (see [41]–[43]), I arrived at the
conclusion that a conditional discharge was the appropriate sentence for this
case. As there has been little critical consideration of the circumstances and
factors to be borne in mind in deciding when a conditional discharge (or for
that matter an absolute discharge) is appropriate, it would be useful to
examine the legislative framework and the relevant case law and commentary in
some detail.

The legislative framework

23 The source of the court’s power to order a conditional discharge lies in s
8 of the Act which provides as follows:

**Absolute and conditional discharge**

**8.** —(1) Where a court by or before which a person is convicted of an
offence (not being an offence the sentence for which is fixed by law) is of
the opinion, _having regard to the circumstances including_ the _nature of the
offence_ and the _character of the offender_ , that it is _inexpedient to
inflict punishment_ and that a _probation order is not appropriate_ , the
court may make an order discharging him absolutely, or if the court thinks
fit, discharging him subject to the condition that he commits no offence
during such period, not exceeding 12 months from the date of the order, as may
be specified therein:

Provided that where a person is convicted of an offence for which a specified
minimum sentence or mandatory minimum sentence of imprisonment or fine or
caning is prescribed by law, the court may make an order discharging a person
absolutely or an order for conditional discharge if the person —

(_a_) has attained the age of 16 years but has not attained the age of 21
years at the time of his conviction; and

(_b_) has not been previously convicted of any such offence referred to in
this proviso, and for this purpose section 11 (1) shall not apply to any such
previous conviction.

(2) An order discharging a person subject to such a condition is referred to
in this Act as “an order for conditional discharge”, and the period specified
in any such order as “the period of conditional discharge”.

(3) Before making an order for conditional discharge the court shall explain
to the offender in ordinary language that if he commits another offence during
the period of conditional discharge he will be liable to be sentenced for the
original offence.

(4) Where, under the following provisions of this Act, a person conditionally
discharged under this section is sentenced for the offence in respect of which
the order for conditional discharge was made, that order shall cease to have
effect.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

On a plain reading, s 8(1) of the Act requires the court to be satisfied of
three matters before ordering an absolute or conditional discharge for
offenders who have attained the age of 21. First, it must be inexpedient to
inflict punishment. Second, a probation order must not be appropriate. In
determining whether these two requirements are satisfied, s 8(1) provides that
the court is to have regard to the circumstances. Third, the offence is not
one for which a specified minimum sentence or mandatory minimum sentence of
imprisonment or fine or caning is prescribed by law. Two circumstances in
particular are underscored: the nature of the offence and the character of the
offender. Section 8(1) should not, however, be read as restricting the court
to only these two considerations. The word “including” in the provision makes
it clear that the two specified circumstances are not exhaustive.

24 A brief explanation of the origins of s 8 of the Act is apposite (an
extensive consideration of the Act’s origins may be found in J K Canagarayar,
“Probation in Singapore” (1988) 30 MLR 104 at 106; reference ought to be also
be made to _Public Prosecutor v Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri_ [2008] 1 SLR(R)
449 (“ _Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri_ ”) at [41]–[43]). Apart from an
amendment in 1993, which is not relevant for present purposes, s 8 of the Act
is as it was when the Act’s predecessor, _viz_ , the Probation of Offenders
Ordinance (Ordinance No. 27 of 1951) (“the Ordinance”), was enacted in 1951
(see s 8 of the Ordinance). The proceedings of the Legislative Council during
the second reading of the bill which introduced the Ordinance (_ie_ , the
Probation of Offenders Bill (S 162/1951) (“the 1951 Bill”)), reveals that it
was thought that probation is suitable in cases where “neither the _nature of
the offence_ for which the offender has been convicted nor the _interests of
the community_ demand that he should be sent to prison” [emphasis added] (see
_Proceedings of the Second Legislative Council: Colony of Singapore_ (19 June
1951) (Mr C H Butterfield, Solicitor-General) at p B 126; also see _Mohammad
Al-Ansari bin Basri_ at [43]). Although these remarks were made in the context
of probation orders, they are, in my view, equally relevant to absolute or
conditional discharges. After all, s 5 of the Act, which confers the court
with the power to order probation, is worded in a similar manner to s 8. A key
difference, however, is that s 8 of the Act also requires that a probation
order must not be appropriate. Hence, the two considerations identified in the
proceedings of the Legislative Council are by no means exclusive in
determining whether probation, conditional or absolute discharge is an
appropriate sentence in a particular case.

Case law and commentary on absolute and conditional discharges

25 Absolute and conditional discharges are infrequently made. In fact, the
authors of _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ (LexisNexis, 2nd
Ed, 2003) (“ _Sentencing Practice_ ”) note that there are no known cases in
which an absolute discharge has been ordered (see _Sentencing Practice_ at p
43). As for conditional discharges, the authors explain that such orders have
been made in “rare instances” due to “the triviality of the offence, [the fact
that] the offender is virtually blameless, the circumstances in which the
offence came to be prosecuted, or matters relating to the offender” (see
_Sentencing Practice_ at p 43). There are, however, a number of unreported
decisions of the Community Court in which a conditional discharge was ordered;
several of these decisions involved accused persons with some form of mental
illness (see Kow Keng Siong, _Sentencing Principles in Singapore_ (Academy
Publishing, 2009) at pp 954–955). Apart from offenders with mental illnesses,
a conditional discharge has been ordered in a case involving an airline
executive who used criminal force against a taxi driver (see Elena Chong,
“Conditional discharge for Tiger Airways exec”, Straits Times (13 January
2009); also noted in _Public Prosecutor v Mathava_ _Arulananthan_ _s/o
Tialagasamy_ [2009] SGDC 171 (“ _Mathava_ _Arulananthan_ ”) at [10] and [14]).
The statement of facts revealed that the Tiger Airways executive (“the
accused”) had grabbed the neck of the taxi driver in the course of an argument
which arose after the taxi driver told the accused that his taxi was not for
hire. The accused subsequently disembarked from the taxi and boarded another
taxi. He returned after he was told by the taxi driver that he had called the
police. The accused waited for the police. The injuries inflicted on the taxi
driver appeared to be relatively minor. The accused also offered compensation
to the taxi driver and apologised to him. It should be noted that the
Prosecution in that case did not object to the grant of a 12-month conditional
discharge.

26 The relative infrequency of conditional discharges does not mean that
offenders or their counsel have not attempted to seek such orders. There are a
number of cases at the Subordinate Courts where submissions for a conditional
discharge have been rejected (see _Public Prosecutor v Tang Wee Sung_ [2008]
SGDC 262 (illegal purchase of a human organ; the court at [52] found that a
conditional discharge was not warranted due to the gravity of the offence),
_Public Prosecutor v Andrew Bevan Jones_ [2008] SGDC 115 (voluntarily causing
of hurt to a taxi driver; the court at [24] considered that a conditional
discharge was not appropriate) and _Mathava_ _Arulananthan_ (entering a
protected place; the court at [15] imposed a fine instead of ordering a
conditional discharge because airport security was a “major national concern”
and persons less knowledgeable than the accused had been convicted and
punished with fines)).

27 It would be useful to consider the approach taken by the English courts
particularly since s 8 of the Act has English roots (see _Comparative Table_
annexed to the 1951 Bill which shows that s 8 is derived from s 7 of the
Criminal Justice Act 1948 (c 58) (UK)). The power of the English courts to
order a conditional discharge is now found in s 12 of the Powers of Criminal
Courts (Sentencing) Act 2000 (c 6) (UK) (“the PCC(S)A”) (see _Regina v Clarke
(Joseph)_ [2010] 1 WLR 223 at [15], [27], [33] and [38] for a description of
the legislative history of the equivalent UK provision). The only material
differences between s 12(1) of the PCC(S)A and s 8(1) of the Act are that the
former does not require the court to consider if a probation order is
inappropriate and it further specifies three offences for which a conditional
or absolute discharge may not be ordered.

28 Absolute discharges are also infrequently ordered in England (see D A
Thomas, _Principles of Sentencing: The Sentencing Policy of the Court of
Appeal Criminal Division_ (Heinemann, 2nd Ed, 1979) (“ _Thomas_ ”) at p 226
considering s 7 of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 (c 62) (UK) which,
unlike the s 12 of the PCC(S)A and like s 8(1) of the Act, requires the court
to consider if a probation order is inappropriate). A notable exception is _R
v Robert John O’Toole_ (1971) 55 Cr App R 206 (“ _O’Toole_ ”) (noted in
_Thomas_ at p 226), which involved an ambulance driver who was convicted of
driving in a manner dangerous to the public due to his involvement in a
collision with another vehicle. No one was injured. The Court of Appeal
(Criminal Division) quashed the sentences of a fine and an order of
disqualification of 12 months imposed below and substituted it with an
absolute discharge. It reasoned that there was no moral blame on the ambulance
driver “who was doing his best to get to an emergency and was impeded only by
a disastrous piece of driving” on the part of the other driver (at 209 of
_O’Toole_). The Court of Appeal (Criminal Division) also considered that it
had to balance the need to protect the safety of the roads against the desire
not to impede the work of the drivers of ambulances and fire engines. Another
case, involving similar facts also resulted in an absolute discharge (see _R v
Lundt-Smith_ [1964] 2 QB 167 at 170; cited at 209 of _O’Toole_).

29 As for conditional discharges, _Thomas_ helpfully identifies that the cases
in which such orders were granted appear to fall under different categories
(see _Thomas_ at pp 227–228):

… The first category may involve an offence of some degree of seriousness
committed by an offender whose **_circumstances are such that a non-custodial
individualized measure is appropriate, but for whom the supervision of a
probation officer is either unnecessary or unsuitable_**. In one such case
[_ie_ ,_Harrison- Jones_ , 19.2.73, 2878/B/72] the appellant was put on
probation and ordered to pay compensation for several minor thefts committed
in the course of a confused business relationship; in the light of the
probation officer’s comment that the appellant was ‘not in need of the …
casework relationship usually associated with probation’, the Court
substituted a conditional discharge.

An alternative use of the conditional discharge is **_as a tariff sentence in
cases of minimal gravity, where the facts of the offence would not justify a
sentence of imprisonment (whether or not suspended) and a fine is
inappropriate as the offender has no means_**. In _Wilson_ [13.11.73,
3834/C/73] the appellant was convicted of stealing materials worth about £3
from a building site and sentenced to nine months’ imprisonment suspended for
two years. The Court held this sentence to be ‘wrong in principle’, as the
offence would not justify a sentence of immediate imprisonment; the
alternative was a fine, but as the appellant was disabled and his family was
living on social security, the only kind of fine that could be imposed would
make the offence appear ‘of no consequence at all’. Accordingly, the only
appropriate disposal was a conditional discharge. …

A conditional discharge **_may be preferred to a fine in cases of modest
gravity to reflect the presence of general mitigating factors, where the
offence considered in the abstract might have justified a custodial
sentence_**. In _McLaughlin_ [16.7.73, 2115/A/73] the appellant admitted
breaking into his father’s house to recover property belonging to himself, and
stealing property belonging to his father when he discovered that his own
property was missing. The Court described the offence as ‘outside … the normal
run of offences of burglary’ and as the appellant had made an effort to ‘put
behind him … the adolescent lapses’ which had led to an earlier sentence of
borstal training, varied his sentence of nine months’ imprisonment to a
conditional discharge.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics; footnotes
omitted]

Questionable exercises of the power to order conditional discharges include
_Attorney General's Reference No 70. of 2003 (Alan Roy Bates)_ [2004] 2 Cr App
R (S) 49, where Latham LJ expressed his view (at [25]) that a conditional
discharge was a “lenient sentence” in a case involving an indecent assault on
a child, and _R v Young_ [1990] BCC 549 where the Court of Appeal (at 553)
expressed that it had “considerable difficulty” with the sentencing judge’s
decision to order a conditional discharge on a charge of managing a company as
an undischarged bankrupt which the sentencing judge himself had considered to
be a serious offence.

Absolute versus conditional discharges

30 I turn now to the considerations that should be borne in mind in choosing
between absolute and conditional discharges.

31 Eric Stockdale and Keith Devlin in _Sentencing_ (Waterlow Publishers, 1987)
(“ _Stockdale & Devlin_”) at para 14.03 suggest that an absolute discharge
would be appropriate in technical or trivial offences or in situations where
rehabilitation is not necessary because either the offender has already been
rehabilitated, or because probation or supervision is not necessary to effect
rehabilitation. They suggest that a conditional discharge may be warranted
where retribution or general deterrence is not necessary but yet there is a
need for a “mild deterrent” (at paras 14.03–14.04):

**14.03** It is suggested that an absolute discharge could also be used to
signify that the offence was _so technical or trivial that no penalty was
justified_ ; or where _in the light of the character of the offender_ , _no
rehabilitation or reform was necessary_ , either because it had _already
occurred_ , and did not need the reinforcement of a mild deterrent like a
conditional discharge, or because _neither the support of probation nor
supervision was necessary_.

**14.04** A conditional discharge on the other hand is a _mild deterrent_. It
is a recognition that the _circumstances of the offence are such that a
retributivist approach or a sentence of general deterrence is not justified_
but that the avowed good intentions of the offender not to repeat his offence
_need some kind of legal reinforcement_ which _falls short of the kind of
support that probation and supervision would provide_. It is therefore
particularly appropriate for the first offender. …

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

32 Another approach for deciding between absolute and conditional discharges
may be found in Martin Wasik, “The Grant of an Absolute Discharge” (1985) 5
OJLS 211 (“ _Wasik_ ”). The author, who examines several English and Canadian
authorities, suggests that three factors should be considered: _the triviality
of the offence_ ,_the circumstances in which the offence was prosecuted_ , and
_the factors relating to the offender_ (_Wasik_ at p 218). The first factor is
obviously a matter of degree and would be determined, _inter alia_ , by the
“social significance” of the law contravened (_Wasik_ at p 219). Controversial
questions may arise _vis-à-vis_ the first factor such as whether courts could
be justified in maintaining a policy of ordering discharges for certain kinds
of offences (_Wasik_ at p 220). The second factor, which may overlap somewhat
with the first factor, allows the court to express its disapproval at the
prosecution of an offence (_Wasik_ at p 224). An example of a situation which
may call for an absolute discharge is where an offence is prosecuted a
considerable time after the commission of the offence (_Wasik_ at pp 224–225).
As for the third factor, the considerations concerning the particular offender
which may justify the imposition of an absolute discharge may be viewed as
falling under two categories: situations where the offender has a low degree
of culpability, and situations where an absolute discharge is appropriate due
to “collateral matters” such as the possibility that the offender may have
suffered “unofficial or indirect punishment” as a result of his offence such
as a loss of employment, _etc_ (see _Wasik_ at pp 226–233). It seems to me
that this is a useful framework to employ in assessing the appropriateness of
this genre of sentencing.

Summary of the considerations for determining whether an absolute or
conditional discharge is appropriate

33 As provided in s 8(1) of the Act (see [23] above), having been satisfied
that the offence in question is one which is not fixed by law, the overriding
considerations for determining whether to order an absolute or conditional
discharge are twofold. The court must consider if it is inexpedient to inflict
punishment and whether probation is inappropriate. In considering these
factors, the court should pay close attention to the _nature of the offence_
and the _interests which the offence seeks to protect_. In addition, some of
the factors that the court should consider include:

(a) the particular circumstances of the _offender_ : for example, a relatively
minor offence committed by an offender with a mental illness might warrant an
order for a discharge; it is also relevant to consider the character of the
offender;

(b) the particular circumstances of the _offence_ : for example, the context
in which an offence was committed (say, in a situation of an emergency) may
suggest a low degree of culpability on the part of the offender; and

(c) factors independent of the offender: for example, a delay in the
prosecution of an offence, may justify some form of a discharge.

34 In deciding between the two kinds of orders, it is important to bear in
mind, as _Stockdale & Devlin_ suggests, the difference between the orders is
that a conditional discharge has a “mild deterrent” component. A person under
a conditional discharge who commits an offence during the operative period of
the discharge is liable to be sentenced for the offence for which he received
a conditional discharge as if he had just been convicted of that offence (see
s 9(5) of the Act). Hence, the touchstone for determining which order is
appropriate is whether the circumstances of the offence or the offender call
for a superimposition of a deterrent component. Other considerations, such as
those highlighted in _Wasik_ (_ie_ , the triviality of the offence, the
circumstances of the prosecution and factors relating to the offender) may
also be considered.

When would community-based sentences be appropriate?

The rationale for community-based sentences

35 A new regime for community-based sentencing was introduced in the CPC 2010
(see Part XVII of the CPC 2010). The rationale for these new sentencing
options is explained in the introductory speech of the Minister for Law, Mr K
Shanmugam, at the second reading of the Criminal Procedure Code Bill (Bill 11
of 2010) (“CPC Bill 2010”) (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (18 May 2010) vol 87 at col 422 (K Shanmugam, Minister for Law and
Second Minister for Home Affairs)):

_Rationale for having new community sentences_

Our sentencing philosophy is aimed at deterrence, prevention, retribution and
rehabilitation. **_A fair sentencing framework is one that enables the Court
to deliver the correct mix of these four objectives on the specific facts of
each case_** _._

**_CBS [_** **ie** ,**_community-based sentencing] gives more flexibility to
the Courts_** _._ Not every offender should be put in prison. **_CBS targets
offences and offenders traditionally viewed by the Courts to be on the
rehabilitation end of the spectrum: regulatory offences, offences involving
younger accused persons and persons with specific and minor mental
conditions_** _._ For such cases, it is **_appropriate to harness the
resources of the community_****. The**** _offender remains gainfully employed
and his family benefits from the focused treatment_**.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

It would be useful to also note two responses by the Minister to points raised
during the debates at the second reading of the CPC Bill 2010. First, in his
response to a query from a member, the Minister clarified that community-based
sentences are not meant to prevent “moral stigmatisation”. The focus of
community-based sentences is to “prevent the offender from being dislodged
from his family, employment and society and to assist his rehabilitation” (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (19 May 2010) vol 87 at col
568 (K Shanmugam, Minister for Law and Second Minister for Home Affairs)):

Ms [Ellen] Lee noted that some community sentences are meant to prevent moral
stigmatism and asked whether the implementation will serve the purpose. For
example, whether the sentencing will be done on camera and whether the
identities of the offenders will be protected when they serve their community
sentences. _I should clarify that preventing moral stigmatisation is not the
primary objective._ In fact, for example, for Community Work Orders, shaming
may or may not be an integral part of the sentence. For Corrective Work Orders
in littering cases, for example, offenders must perform their sentences in
public.

_A community sentence is intended to prevent the offender from being dislodged
from his family, employment and society and to assist his rehabilitation. It
remains a punishment._ In and of itself, it cannot form a good reason for a
trial to be in camera for an offender's identity to be protected. Trials must
be conducted in the open. The Court exercises its discretion as to when a
trial could be heard in camera and will do so in accordance with the
categories listed in the legislation.

[emphasis added]

Second, in explaining the rationale for not introducing a regime of suspended
sentences, the Minister noted that community-based sentences would generally
be more appropriate in situations where other jurisdictions which allow for
suspended sentences would make such orders (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (19 May 2010) vol 87 at col 570):

As for suspended sentences, they run against the expectation of society that
when a sentence is passed, it should be served. _In such cases, where other
jurisdictions have used suspended sentences, a CBS-type order will generally
be more appropriate and is the approach we are taking.__Rather than giving a
sentence which hangs in abeyance, the Court has a jurisdiction to give a CBS
Order targeted at treatment and rehabilitation, retaining the power to
sentence for the breach of the order and for the offence itself._ When it does
so, it can probably take into account all the facts of the case and decide on
an appropriate sentence. [emphasis added]

36 The focus of community-based sentencing is on the individual offender (see
Melanie Chng, “Modernising the Criminal Justice Framework: The Criminal
Procedure Code 2010” (2011) 23 SAcLJ 23 (“ _Chng_ ”) at para 43). The
objective is to identify and address the “root causes” of the offending
behaviour (_Chng_ at para 43). Although the focus is on the individual,
community-based sentencing also promotes the interests of the public because
by correcting and rehabilitating offenders, recidivism will be reduced (_Chng_
at para 44). As the Minister explained in his response to a question by a
member during the second reading of the CPC Bill 2010, community-based
sentencing should not be viewed as a “softening of our stance on crimes”. The
strictures imposed on the ordering of such sentences (see below at [38]) make
it clear that the legislative intention is not to allow community-based
sentencing in serious offences (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (19 May 2010) vol 87 at col 566–568 (K Shanmugam, Minister for Law and
Second Minister for Home Affairs)):

Assoc. Prof. [Paulin Tay] Straughan has sought clarifications on two issues:
first, whether the Court will consider the offender's social environment when
determining whether a community sentencing is suitable; and second, with
reference to the case of the “Monster Dad” reported in the _Straits Times_ ,
whether there are sufficient risk-assessment processes to address recidivism
and how we can equip the community to handle such cases.

…

On her second point, I will make the following comments. _CBS is not intended
to apply to the kind of serious crimes that she refers to_. On the facts of
the reported “Monster Dad” case, that person or any such person will not
qualify for CBS. I think Assoc. Prof. Straughan's real point probably is, how
should such convicts be treated when they are released from prison and how
should the risk of recidivism be assessed. In this context, the current
position is that convicts are released upon serving their fixed-sentencing
terms.

…

Mdm Ho [Geok Choo] was concerned as to whether CBS will be perceived as a
_softening of our stance on crimes_. Yesterday, I spoke about the eligibility
criteria for community sentences. _The net effect of the various qualifying
criteria, I highlighted yesterday, is that the sentences would be limited to
offenders who have not been previously sentenced to imprisonment, other than
imprisonment in default of fine payment. It is also limited to minor offences
for which there is no mandatory imprisonment term provided and the maximum
term for the offence does not exceed three years_. What these amendments do is
to make available to the Courts, a wider and more sophisticated range of
sentencing options.

[emphasis added]

Reference may also be made to _Chng_ at para 45, where the author opines that
the eligibility criteria for community-based sentencing (see below at [38])
ensures that the need for deterrence is not unduly compromised by precluding
such sentencing options in cases involving serious offences and where the
offender is recalcitrant.

The types of community-based sentences introduced in the CPC 2010

37 I turn now to the types of community-based sentencing options introduced in
the CPC 2010. The CPC 2010 allows for five types of community orders to be
made, _viz_ , a mandatory treatment order, a day reporting order, a community
work order, a community service order and a short detention order (see s
336(1) of the CPC 2010). A helpful summary of what each of these orders
entails may be found in _Chng_ at para 41:

41 The commonalities between state and individual interests are further
illustrated by the New CPC’s [_ie_ , CPC 2010] provision for community-based
sentencing (or “CBS”). This addition to the sentencing regime represents the
latest in a series of efforts to improve the rehabilitative and re-integrative
functions of the criminal justice system. To this end, the New CPC provides
for five types of community orders:

(a) _Mandatory treatment orders_ , which require an offender to undergo
psychiatric treatment for not exceeding 24 months. Before making this order,
the court must call for a report by a psychiatrist appointed by the Director
of Medical Services. The treatment order can only be imposed if the
psychiatrist reports to the court that: (i) the offender is suffering from a
psychiatric condition that is _susceptible to treatment_ , (ii) the offender
is _suitable for treatment_ , and (iii) the offender’s psychiatric condition
is _one of the contributing factors for his commission of the offence_.

(b) _Day reporting orders_ , which require an offender to regularly report to
a day reporting centre for between three to 12 months and undergo such
counselling and rehabilitation programmes as his day reporting officer may
require. This may include requirements as to the electronic monitoring of the
offender’s whereabouts during the period of the order. Such orders may be
imposed where the court is satisfied, having regard to the circumstances,
including the offender’s character and the nature of his offence, that it is
expedient to do so. Before making this order, the court must request for a day
reporting officer to submit a report on the offender’s susceptibility to
counselling and rehabilitation. However, the court retains the discretion to
make the order notwithstanding any recommendations this report may make.

(c) _Community work orders_ , which are modelled after the current system of
“Corrective Work Orders”, require an offender to perform unpaid community work
which has some nexus to the offence committed in order to promote the
offender’s sense of responsibility for, and acknowledgment of, the harm that
he has caused through his offence. This order can be made where a court is
satisfied that it would be expedient, with a view to the offender’s
reformation. Each type of community work order is tied to specific offence(s).
This decentralised approach strengthens the efficacy of each genre of
community work order by giving its parent agency sufficient discretion and
flexibility to creatively shape the contours of the order to suit the unique
policy considerations underlying the given offence.

(d) _Community service orders_ , which require an offender to make amends to
the community for his offence by performing acts of service of the type
specified in the Fifth Schedule of the New CPC. This order can be made where a
court is satisfied that it would be expedient, with a view to the offender’s
reformation. A community service order cannot be made, _inter alia_ , if the
court is not satisfied that the offender is a _suitable person_ to perform
community service based on his mental and physical condition. To this end,
before making a community service order, the court _must_ request for a
community service officer to submit a report on the offender’s _suitability_
to perform community service. However, the court retains the discretion to
make the order notwithstanding any recommendations this report may make.

(e) _Short detention orders_ , which require an offender to be detained in
prison for a period not exceeding 14 days. The order is directed at abating an
offender’s criminal tendencies and reducing his risk of recidivism by giving
him a “short sharp shock” in the form of a taste of what incarceration would
entail. At the same time, the limited duration of short detention orders
minimises the disruption and stigma that could otherwise result from a longer
period of imprisonment.

[emphasis in original; footnotes omitted]

Factors to consider in deciding whether to make a community order

38 As a starting point, it is important to bear in mind that there are
statutory restrictions to making community orders (see s 337 of the CPC 2010):

**Community orders**

**337.** —(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3), a court shall not exercise
any of its powers under this Part to make any community order in respect of —

(_a_) an offence for which the sentence is _fixed by law_ ;

(_b_) an offence for which a _specified_ _minimum sentence or mandatory
minimum sentence of imprisonment or_ _fine or caning is prescribed by law_ ;

(_c_) an offence which is _specified in_ _the Third Schedule to the
Registration of Criminals Act_ (Cap. 268);

(_d_) a person who had _previously been sentenced to a term of imprisonment_ ,
other than a term of imprisonment served by him in default of payment of a
fine;

(_e_) a person who had _previously been sentenced to reformative training,
corrective training or preventive detention_ ;

(_f_) a person who had _previously been_ _detained or subject to police
supervision_ under section 30 of the Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act
(Cap. 67);

(_g_) a person who had _previously been_ _admitted to an approved institution_
under section 34 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185) or to an _approved
centre_ under section 17 of the Intoxicating Substances Act (Cap. 146A);

(_h_) an offence which is _punishable with_ _a fine only_ ; or

(_i_) an offence which is _punishable with_ _a term of imprisonment which
exceeds 3 years_.

(2) A court may not make a mandatory treatment order in respect of any case
referred to in subsection (1) except that it may do so under section 339 even
if the offender —

(_a_) had previously been sentenced to a term of imprisonment, whether or not
it is a term of imprisonment served by him in default of payment of a fine; or

(_b_) had previously been admitted to an approved institution under section 34
of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185) or to an approved centre under section
17 of the Intoxicating Substances Act (Cap. 146A).

(3) A court may not make a community work order in respect of any case
referred to in subsection (1) except that it may do so under section 344 even
if the offender is convicted of ––

(_a_) an offence which is punishable with a fine only; or

(_b_) an offence for which a specified minimum sentence of fine or a mandatory
minimum sentence of fine is prescribed by law.

(4) If an offender convicted of 2 or more offences is sentenced at the same
court proceeding for those offences, a court shall not pass a community
sentence if any of those offences relate to an offence in respect of which the
powers to make community orders conferred by this Part cannot be exercised by
the court.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

The court should also consider the views and recommendations in the reports
that must be prepared for some of the community orders (see, _inter alia_ , ss
339(2) (mandatory treatment orders – report to be submitted by an appointed
psychiatrist) and 341(2) (day reporting orders – report to be submitted by a
day reporting officer)).

39 Apart from these obvious considerations, the court should bear in mind that
the legislative intent underlying community-based sentencing is to allow for
more flexibility in balancing the various sentencing principles in individual
cases. The introduction of community-based sentencing in the CPC 2010 is
recognition that custodial sentences, caning or a fine may not be appropriate
for all _offences_ and/or for all _offenders_. The particular circumstances of
the offence and the offender in question must therefore be carefully
considered to determine whether rehabilitation should be given prominence in
the case at hand notwithstanding any countervailing need for deterrence,
retribution or prevention.

Application to the facts

40 There is little doubt that our courts take a serious view towards
bankruptcy offences. Such an approach is essential because the bankruptcy
regime requires bankrupts to comply with various provisions for its smooth
operation. As the speech of the Minister for Law at the second reading of the
Bankruptcy Bill in 1994 reveals, the general legislative purpose underlying
the penalties provided for bankruptcy offences such as s 82(2) of the BA is to
ensure that bankrupts perform those “essential legal obligations” imposed on
them by the BA (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (25
August 1994) vol 63 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for Law and Minister for
Foreign Affairs) at col 402; also see _Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng_
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 at [82] where I quoted the relevant speech):

The third feature is to _enhance the Official Assignee's powers to enforce the
bankrupt's essential legal obligations_. Bankrupts who fail to perform their
essential legal obligations will be taken to court. Currently, a bankrupt who
fails to fulfil his legal obligations, such as, filing a _six-monthly return
of income and expenditure_ , or leaving the country without the Official
Assignee's permission, is _only liable to committal proceedings for contempt
of court_. This is a costly and circuitous process which also impedes the
administration of the estate. _The Bill will subject recalcitrant bankrupts to
prosecution_. Also, the Official Assignee will be empowered, if he thinks fit,
to detain the passport, or other travel document of a bankrupt, or to request
the Controller of Immigration to do so when a bankrupt attempts to leave the
country without the Official Assignee's prior approval. [emphasis added]

41 _This appeal before me, however, was a case where inordinate delay was
occasioned not by the appellant, but by an oversight on the part of the
prosecuting authorities_. This much was acknowledged, very fairly in my view,
by Mr Soh. I was also constrained to observe that the offences for which the
appellant was charged could not possibly have entailed complex or lengthy
investigations which could occasion inexpedient prosecution. On the contrary,
the offences involved simple non-compliance with the statutory requirement of
filing I & E statements. Investigations into such offences would be far from
taxing. In addition, I was also persuaded that the appellant did not fit the
prototype of a serial offender who deliberately broke the law in order to
conceal and/or surreptitiously deal with her assets. The appellant has been
employed in a kindergarten since January 2005.[note: 23] Her income during
this period has not varied substantially (she was earning $1,200 per month in
2002 and earned $1,800 per month as at 2010).[note: 24] This was not disputed
by the Prosecution. Finally, I also noted that the appellant’s conduct
throughout the approximately nine year period of offending was representative
of a hardworking and productive member of society. Her efforts were summarised
in a glowing letter from her employer:

[The appellant] has been employed as a Teacher at the Cashew PCF Kindergarten
since 7 January 2005.

Through her hard work and determination over the last six years since she
joined the PCF as a childcare teacher, she has progressively attained the post
of Head Teacher of the Kindergarten 1 and Kindergarten 2 Levels.

Her duties and responsibilities include nurturing two K2 classes and
overseeing all the activities and education programmes in both the K1 and K2
Levels. She currently has 45 students under her care, and these children will
be graduating at the end of 2011.

_Since joining the PCF in 2005, [the appellant] has been exemplary in her
conduct and has discharged her duties responsibly._

_This is in addition to her being the sole breadwinner at home for more than
two years after her husband’s business failed._

_It must be stated that despite her issues at home with regard to her family’s
finances, [the appellant] never neglected her duties as a teacher, which is
why it came as surprise [sic] and a shock to the Cashew PCF when her problems
came to light with her conviction on 8 August._

She is an essential member of the Cashew PCF and her absence will be sorely
felt by the children she is currently looking after.

_A change in teachers will certainly affect the children she is currently
caring for, many of whom are very attached to her._

I hope the court can consider her appeal.

[emphasis added]

In the light of the appellant’s gainful employment, character, lack of
antecedents, as well as the delay in prosecution, I found that some form of a
discharge was appropriate notwithstanding the serious view that courts take
towards bankruptcy offences. Unlike the DJ, I did not consider her to have
“wilfully and blatantly” breached her statutory obligation to file her I & E
Statements. This appeared to be an instance of inadvertent omission. Her
explanation that she assumed that her estranged husband had filed the returns
on her behalf appeared credible and was not disputed. I also noted that when
she received the IPTO’s letter on 17 March 2011, she duly responded. I was
perplexed as to why the IPTO, after offering to discharge her if she paid the
sum of $5,000, had failed to respond at all to her offer and take into account
her personal circumstances. Instead, her offer was unceremoniously met with 30
charges for having failed to comply with her statutory obligations under the
BA for a period of approximately nine years.

42 I did not consider that it was appropriate to make any community order
under the CPC 2010. It did not strike me that rehabilitation was a
particularly strong consideration in the circumstances. As mentioned above,
the appellant was of demonstrably good character. The circumstances under
which she committed the offences, _viz_ , her belief that her estranged
husband would file returns on her behalf, also suggested that her offending
conduct was more of an inadvertent oversight than of a deliberate infraction.
For the same reason, I did not think that probation was either necessary or
appropriate. I also considered that a discharge was more appropriate to take
into account the unjustifiable delay in prosecution.

43 I did not, however, think that an absolute discharge was warranted.
Although the delay occasioned by the IPTO’s failure to follow up on the
appellant’s transgressions resulted in the sheer number of charges brought
against her, the fact remained that the appellant herself did not take the
initiative to ensure that she had complied with her essential legal
obligations under the BA. While this was somewhat mitigated by her explanation
that she assumed that her estranged husband had filed the I & E Statements on
her behalf, this did not entirely exonerate her from her statutory duty.
Bearing in mind all the circumstances, I considered that a _conditional_
discharge, with its attendant “mild deterrent” component (see above at [31]),
was more suitable in the circumstances.

Conclusion

44 I was puzzled why so many charges were preferred against the appellant
despite the fact that there had been a patent lapse by the IPTO in monitoring
her case and its adoption of an internal policy in January 2010 of preferring
charges immediately after the failure to file I & E Statements for three years
(see [8] above). At worst, she ought to have faced charges for her alleged
lapses for the three prior years. Further, if indeed the appellant’s failure
to file I & E Statements was viewed as a heinous lapse meriting a stiff
custodial sentence, why was the IPTO at one stage even prepared to discharge
her from bankruptcy notwithstanding her known earlier lapses (see above at
[6])? Regrettably, the processing of this matter was conspicuous for a number
of rather obvious oversights, including the lack of foresight and insight in
decision making (see above at [4] and [6]). The ostrich, few would disagree,
is a worthy bird. But few would agree that it is the best source of
inspiration for decision making.

45 For all the reasons given here, I allowed the appeal and ordered that the
appellant be conditionally discharged for a period of 12 months. I also
ordered the appellant to file a statutory declaration within a week to confirm
and itemise her income for the relevant periods and to confirm that, apart
from that income, she had not received any other inheritance or other assets
from other parties.[note: 25]

* * *

[note: 1]See
<http://www.prisons.gov.sg/content/sps/default/newsaboutus/in_the_news/
speeches_10.html> (accessed 16 March 2012) at para 6)

[note: 2]Appellant’s submission at p 3, para 4.

[note: 3]Certified Transcript of hearing on 10 January 2012 at p 2 (lines
21–31).

[note: 4]Certified Transcript of hearing on 10 January 2012 at p 25 (lines
2–17).

[note: 5]Certified Transcript of hearing on 10 January 2012 at p 13 (lines
18–21).

[note: 6]Certified Transcript of hearing on 10 January 2012 at p 14 (lines
22–27).

[note: 7]Certified Transcript of hearing on 10 January 2012 at p 14 (lines
30–31).

[note: 8]Date of being charged in Court 23.

[note: 9]Certified Transcript of hearing on 10 January 2012 at p 13 (lines
3–6).

[note: 10]Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments at [6(a)].

[note: 11]_Ibid_.

[note: 12]Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments at [6(b)].

[note: 13]_Ibid_.

[note: 14]Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments at [6(c)].

[note: 15]Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments at [8].

[note: 16]Letter from Chairman, PCF Cashew Branch dated 16 August 2011
(annexed to Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments).

[note: 17]Respondent’s Written Submissions at [22]–[26].

[note: 18]Respondent’s Written Submissions at [33].

[note: 19]Respondent’s Written Submissions at [37]–[43].

[note: 20]Certified Transcript of hearing on 10 January 2012 at p 10 (lines
7–17).

[note: 21]Certified Transcript of hearing on 10 January 2012 at p 18 (lines
20–22).

[note: 22]Certified Transcript of hearing on 10 January 2012 at p 21 (lines
11–23).

[note: 23]See letter from Chairman, PCF Cashew Branch dated 16 August 2011
(annexed to the Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments).

[note: 24]Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments at [6(a)].

[note: 25]Certified Transcript of hearing on 10 January 2012 at p 33 (lines
27–31).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

