Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  VisionHealthOne Corp Pte Ltd _v_ HD Holdings Pte Ltd and others (Chan Wai
Chuen and another, third parties)  
[2012] SGHC 150

Case Number| :| Suit No 678 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 July 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Dinesh Dhillon and Lim Dao Kai (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the plaintiff; Tan Chee Meng SC, Josephine Choo, Emily Su, Quek Kian Teck and
Roger Neo Li-Yang (WongPartnership LLP) for the first and third defendants;
Gooi Chi Duan, Tin Keng Seng, Kang Yixian and Jessica Soo (Donaldson &
Burkinshaw) for the second defendant; Lee Yih Gia (Veritas Law Corporation)
for the third parties.  
Parties| :|  VisionHealthOne Corp Pte Ltd — HD Holdings Pte Ltd and others
(Chan Wai Chuen and another, third parties)  
  
24 July 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff was described as a “medical-and-IT investment company” by its
director Roy Chan Siang Khing (“RC”). RC and its other director Chan Wai Chuen
(“CWC”) are the Third Parties. The plaintiff’s claim in this action was
against various defendants for a sum of $2.125m and consequential orders as
well as general damages for conspiracy and fraudulent misrepresentation. The
central defendant was Liu Chunlin (“LCL”), the third defendant. He was the CEO
and main shareholder of the first defendant HD Holdings Pte Ltd (“HDH”), and
also the CEO of the second defendant Xing Rong Pte Ltd (formerly known as
Huadi Projects Pte Ltd) (“HPPL”). There was no dispute that the plaintiff had
paid S$2.125m to HPPL. The issue was whether it was paid for a purpose that
was not fulfilled and the money ought thus to be repaid to the plaintiff, or
whether, as the defendants said, the money was paid for a purpose that had
been accomplished and thus there was no question of returning the money to the
plaintiff.

2 The plaintiff’s version of the events was as follows. In mid-2003 one Lim
Chee Yong, known as Jonathan Lim, (“LCY”) asked RC and CWC to start a venture
with the Fudan Hospital Group in China, and to that end, introduced LCL to
them. The four visited Fuzhou, China to explore opportunities for business in
the healthcare industry. There, LCL introduced various persons to RC and CWC.
These included Yang Yiquan, a “key figure” in the Huadi Group; and Yu Yuzhang
the group’s financial controller. RC and CWC then agreed to invest their money
in the venture by paying into the account of HPPL, a Singapore company. An
agreement known as “the Co-operation Agreement” (“the Agreement”) was executed
by CWC on behalf of the plaintiff and LCL on behalf of HPPL. This Agreement
was dated 18 October 2003. Thereafter, there were various correspondence
between LCL and CWC and a joint venture company, the fourth defendant Vision
Corporation Holdings Pte Ltd (“VCH”), was incorporated to be used for the
investments in China. The directors of VCH were RC, CWC, LCL and LCL’s sister
Liu Yun. LCL held 40% of the shares in VCH through HPPL. These were
subsequently transferred from HPPL to HDH in February 2005.

3 The parties then decided on about 9 December 2003 to transfer RMB 11m to
Xi’an, China for investment under the Agreement. This was to be transferred
through HPPL’s account. This was reflected in an unsigned draft Transfer
Agreement. It was still unsigned as at 15 December 2003. RMB 11m, the
equivalent of the sum of S$2.125m, was eventually transferred in three
tranches from 5 November 2003 to 10 January 2004. The money was transferred by
the plaintiff to VCH and then from VCH to HPPL. The money was eventually
withdrawn from HPPL’s account. However, the plaintiff averred that three
corresponding receipts were issued by LCL’s company Fuzhou Huadi Hebang
Construction Engineering Co Ltd (“FHH”) in China. These receipts reflected
receipt of the RMB 11m. The receipts were given to CWC.

4 The plaintiff averred that it was at the time exploring business not only in
Xi’an, but also in Fuzhou. Thus it was agreed that the investors (the
plaintiff and HPPL) set up a company called Fuzhou Vision Huadi Consultancy Co
Ltd (“FVH”). FVH was a wholly-owned subsidiary of VCH and had a paid up
capital of US$70,000. LCY left the joint venture after 28 August 2004 and
thereafter had no involvement with the business. The plaintiff made reports
for three possible projects in Fuzhou and correspondence between LCL and CWC
ensued sometime from late October 2004. RC’s evidence-in-chief also sets out
the details of the incorporation of the plaintiff and VCH and the subsequent
change in shareholdings. Nothing much turned on these details. Their primary
purpose was to show that discussions between the third parties and LCL on the
joint investment in China started as early as the last quarter of 2003.
Regardless of the plaintiff’s and VCH’s history up to January 2004, the thrust
and gravamen of the plaintiff’s case was that the money transferred to HPPL
was for the joint investment.

5 The defence of the principal defendants HPPL and LCL was that the entire
transaction was the third parties’ endeavour to bring money into China. The
simple plan was to pay the money (the $2.125m) to HPPL in Singapore. HPPL
would, upon receipt, pay the equivalent in Chinese currency to the third
parties or their nominee in China through HPPL or LCL’s personal company in
China. It was referred to as the “Currency Exchange Transaction” by Miss Gooi
Chi Duan, counsel for HPPL and Mr Tan Chee Meng SC (“Mr Tan”), counsel for HDH
and LCL. The defendants’ case was that this exercise had been carried out
successfully and they had thus discharged their part of the bargain. They were
not responsible if the third parties lost the money after that. The first
defendant was only a holding company and the evidence showed that it played no
significant part in the case. Mr Tan submitted that the Currency Exchange
Transaction was different from the Agreement. As the case progressed through
trial, Mr Tan eventually submitted that the transfer of the $2.125m from the
plaintiff to HPPL was in fact evidence of a “corporate raid” by RC and CWC.

6 Those were the competing versions of events concerning the missing $2.125m.
Was the money taken by the third parties or by someone else, or was the money
still with HPPL and under the control of LCL? That was the crux of the case
before me. Much of the plaintiff’s case was founded on the connections HPPL,
FHH, and various persons (such as Liu Shi) had with LCL. Mr Dinesh Dhillon
(“Mr Dhillon”), counsel for the plaintiff also emphasized the lack of evidence
on the part of the defendants to show that the money was transferred as part
of the alleged Currency Exchange Transaction. He also relied strongly on the
fact that there was no doubt that the money was received by FHH, and that
there was no evidence to show that the notices of payment evinced any
intention supporting the Currency Exchange Transaction. Mr Dhillon submitted
that the $2.125m was part of the $2.13m share capital of VCH and thus it was
an implied term of the Agreement that HPPL was under an obligation “to
safeguard [the plaintiff’s] equity in VCH”. Finally, the plaintiff’s case was
based on the incontrovertible fact that $2.125m was paid to HPPL’s Bank of
China account in Singapore and that the money was withdrawn by LCL for his
personal purposes.

7 I had great difficulty fitting the evidence into the competing stories of
the plaintiff and the defendants. Something about the case smells rotten.
Neither story seemed at all plausible to me. Mr Tan did his best but did not
explain adequately why there was no other way to send money to China for a
joint venture. However, the incontrovertible evidence showed that the $2.125m
was in fact transferred from HPPL to FHH. The evidence and the correspondence
thereafter were not helpful in determining what was to be done about that
deposit in FHH and who was keeping track of it. In the meantime, up to August
2009 when this suit was filed, discord arose between the third parties (RC and
CWC) and LCL and the companies in which he had an interest. Discord also arose
between RC and CWC. Neither the plaintiff, nor RC or CWC seemed concerned
about the $2.125m from 2004 to 2007 despite not having any report as to
whether the money was still where it should be, especially when the ostensible
reason for raising the money (investing in medical business in China) seemed
obviously to have been stymied with no activity for so many years. Even in
2009 when the liquidators asked RC and CWC about the $2.125m they were not
forthcoming with their accounts. RC and CWC were at all material times the
directing mind of the plaintiff.

8 Furthermore, at the material times in January and November 2004, RC and CWC
signed notices and receipts of payments (on VCH’s letter head) indicating
payments by HPPL to FHH. That they did so without enquiry or scrutiny seemed
to me remarkable in the context of their claim. It might, of course, be
possible, as Mr Tan submitted, that RC and CWC had mounted a “corporate raid”
on the plaintiff, and that the mysterious movement of the $2.125m was part of
the scheme of fraud. However, an allegation such as this requires clear and
convincing proof. We had none of that. At the same time, the plaintiff’s claim
that the money was paid for the purpose of a joint venture in China was as
weak as the defendants’ story. Just as Mr Tan’s submission of a “corporate
raid” was not proved, Mr Dhillon’s account of the plaintiff’s case amounted to
an allegation of fraud by LCL. The evidence was insufficient to prove or
justify such a claim. The plaintiff’s claim as pleaded (that the money was
entrusted to HPPL) and the evidence and submission by counsel that followed
rendered a weak story even more nebulous. If, as pleaded (and alluded) the
money was entrusted to HPPL for investment in China via FHH, the
incontrovertible evidence was that the money did go to FHH.

9 I find that there was an agreement by the parties to invest in medical
facilities in China but I do not find sufficient evidence to persuade me that
it was a venture proposed by LCL or thaxt it came about from representations
made by him. I also find that the role played by LCY to be nebulous and his
account to be unconvincing. LCY was keen to show that he did not play a
dominant role in the entire story. Although his participation eventually
ended, I am of the view that he was closer to RC and CWC than he appeared to
portray himself but I could not be sure what his true role was at the material
time and I had to consider his evidence with circumspection. I also find that
the money was transferred to China initially for that purpose (even though the
evidence in this respect was also not very strong). However, along the way,
from 2004 to at least 2007 the intention of the parties changed and what
became of the money was not clear. I could not accept that RC and CWC had no
idea that the money was eventually paid out by FHH and for purposes which they
did not know. Given their experience and the circumstances, it would be gross
negligence if they did not know until 2007 that the money was gone. I am of
the view that both sides did not disclose the full story at trial. On the
evidence the plaintiff had not proven its case as pleaded notwithstanding that
the defendants’ alternative explanation was similarly unconvincing. There were
no misrepresentations (or any of the sort claimed) by LCL that led to the
joint venture. The $2.125m was proven to have been transferred to FHH. Fraud
was alleged by the plaintiff against LCL, and reciprocally, LCL through
counsel alleged fraud against RC and CWC. But, in spite of the strange nature
of the case, with gaps in the story from both sides, fraud was not proven. I
am of the view that the plaintiff cannot succeed and its claim is hereby
dismissed. That being the case, the third party claims against RC and CWC must
also be dismissed. I will hear submissions on costs at a later date if parties
are unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jul 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

