Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chan Yuen Boey _v_ Sia Hee Soon  
[2012] SGHC 92

Case Number| :| Divorce Transfer No 573 of 2008/C  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Wong Khai Leng (Mallal & Namazie) for the plaintiff;
Alyssa Lee (Alyssa Lee & Co) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Chan Yuen Boey — Sia Hee Soon  
  
2 May 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns ancillary matters flowing from the breakdown of a long
marriage of 36 years. The parties, who were married on 9 December 1972[note:
1], are now well into their mid-60s – the wife is 65 years old and the husband
is 66 years old. Divorce proceedings were commenced by the wife on 4 February
2008, and the interim judgment for divorce was granted on 18 April 2008.

2 The parties had two children during their marriage. Both are independent and
self-supporting – the daughter is now 37 years old, and the son, 35 years
old[note: 2] – and no custody issue arises. The ancillary issues at hand thus
relate only to the just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets, and
maintenance of the wife that would be reasonable in the circumstances.

Relevant facts

3 After the parties married in 1972, they stayed in a 2-room flat in Toa Payoh
at a monthly rental of $40, paid by the husband.[note: 3] They moved into a
5-room HDB flat in Ghim Moh (“Ghim Moh flat”) in 1976[note: 4], and
subsequently bought a terrace house at Namly Place (“the Namly House”), which
they rented out from 1993 to 1996 at $1,800 per month.[note: 5] They began to
live in the Namly House in September 1996.[note: 6] In October 1999, three
years after moving into the Namly House, differences between the parties drove
the wife to move to a separate bedroom in the Namly House (“the Separate
Bedrooms Arrangement”).[note: 7]

Respective financial contributions to the family

4 It was undisputed that the husband was, throughout the marriage, the main
breadwinner of the family.[note: 8] By contrast, the wife had been a homemaker
since the birth of the children. She did, however, engage in part-time or ad
hoc work from time to time[note: 9], which gave her the flexibility to care
for the children and the family. The wife’s low level of income during the
marriage was reflected in a record of her employment history between 1980 and
2008, produced by the husband.[note: 10]

5 The Namly House was purchased at $780,000.[note: 11] The mortgage has since
been discharged. Its current value is approximately $3.4 million. The parties’
respective direct financial contributions towards the purchase of the Namly
House are disputed. While the husband claims to have paid 100% of the purchase
price[note: 12], the wife claims to have contributed 12% of the purchase price
using $19,000 from her CPF account and $78,000 withdrawn from her POSB Bank
account and paid towards the 10% deposit[note: 13] (see [41] below).

6 Of her indirect financial contributions, the wife pointed to[note: 14] (a)
payments allegedly made for household furnishing, renovations, and
landscaping; and (b) her share of the Ghim Moh flat sale proceeds, which she
claims to have ploughed back as loan repayments in respect of the Namly
House.[note: 15]

Respective non-financial contributions to the family

7 The wife’s non-financial contributions to the family were quite substantial.
As the family did not engage domestic help for most part of the marriage[note:
16], the wife did the marketing and took care of the household and the
children.[note: 17] It was also the wife who managed the tenancy matters of
the Namly House during the period of its rental, _viz_ , putting out and
paying for advertisements, arranging for viewings of the house and collecting
rent.[note: 18]

8 The husband claims that he also made non-financial contributions to the
household by cooking for the family, doing the household chores and
participating in the upbringing of the children.[note: 19] This is disputed by
the wife who claims that the husband was an absent father.[note: 20] She
claims that instances of the “recent phenomenon” of him cooking for the family
are few and far between.[note: 21] The children have not sworn any affidavit
in support of either parent.

Earning capacity of each party

9 The husband claims that he is currently unemployed, with a last drawn gross
monthly salary of $10,300 as of 31 March 2008.[note: 22] In other words, he
ceased to be gainfully employed some three weeks after the divorce was
granted. His position is that while he continues to assist his son and
daughter-in-law in the running of their company (“the Company”), he does not
draw a salary and has no interest in the Company.[note: 23] Indeed, the
relevant ACRA documents state the parties’ son as the manager and the
daughter-in-law as the sole proprietor of the Company.[note: 24] I note that
while the wife asserts that the Company is the husband’s own business[note:
25], she has not produced any objective evidence proving the same. She relies
instead on her belief that the business is “a very specialised field which
only [the husband] would have expertise and experience in”.[note: 26]

Wife’s case / Husband’s case

Division of matrimonial assets

10 The husband claims that his assets are worth $562,864.56 and the wife’s
disclosed assets total $180,925.[note: 27] The wife claims that her assets are
worth only $64,582.89[note: 28] and that the husband’s disclosed assets are
worth at least $835,627.25.[note: 29] Each accuses the other of failing to
disclose substantial assets (see [15] to [28] below).

11 The wife submits that, for the sake of convenience, only the Namly House
should be divided while considering all the matrimonial assets of the
couple.[note: 30] This was the only common ground between the parties. She
claims 70% of the Namly House sale proceeds.[note: 31]

12 The husband, however, argues that the maximum proportion of the matrimonial
assets the wife should get is 25% of the Namly House sale proceeds.[note: 32]
He claims that in light of the Separate Bedrooms Arrangement, parties had
effectively been married for only three years after moving into the Namly
House, and that, since the children had become independent by then, “the
Plaintiff’s non-financial contributions for the Namly Place terrace house were
not significant”.[note: 33]

Maintenance

13 While the husband is only willing to pay a lump sum maintenance of $12,000
($200/mth x 12 x 5 years)[note: 34], the wife claims a lump sum of $179,400,
calculated in the following manner[note: 35]:

(a) Future maintenance: $1,400/mth x 12 x 8 years = $134,400

(b) Maintenance in arrears: $1,250/mth x 12 x 3 years = $45,000

The claim for maintenance in arrears arises from the husband’s failure (from
March 2008 to-date) to adhere to a Consent Maintenance Order made in 1999 (see
[63] below).

Issues before the Court

14 I shall deal with the following issues in turn:

(a) What are the matrimonial assets to be included in the common pool for
division?

(b) Taking into account all the circumstances, what would be a just and
equitable division of the matrimonial assets?

(c) In what manner should such division be effected?

(d) Taking into account all the circumstances, what would be a reasonable
quantum of the lump sum maintenance to be ordered in favour of the wife?

The common pool of matrimonial assets

15 The parties cannot agree on the total value of the matrimonial assets.
Although they agree that the Namly House is worth about $3.4 million (there is
an in-principle agreement expressed to be effective from 27 April 2012 to 31
May 2012 to sell the house at $3.4 million), there is a vast difference in the
valuation of the assets held in each party’s name.

16 During the hearing on 9 April 2012, counsel for the wife, Mr Wong Khai Leng
(“Mr Wong”), tendered a helpful supplementary Comparative Table of Matrimonial
Assets (“the Comparative Table”) setting out and explaining the disparities
between each party’s valuation of the assets. After examining the evidence
adduced by the respective parties, I determine the husband’s assets to be
$700,800 and the wife’s assets to be $67,500. For ease of reference, my
determination is set out in the tables at [17] and [24] below.

Husband’s assets

17 The husband claims that his assets are worth $562,864.56[note: 36] while
the wife claims that they are worth at least $835,627.25.[note: 37] I assess
his assets to be worth about $700,800.

_Item_ |  _Description_ |  _Court’s conclusion (S$)_  
---|---|---  
1 |  Vehicle |  30,471.00  
2 |  Shares (in Capitacomm, Capitaland, Digiland, Hotel Prop, Hyflux WaterT, Kepland, SingTel, ST Engineering, Starhub and Yangzijiang) |  93,215.00  
3 |  Schroder Emerging Market Funds |  16,171.27  
4 |  First State Asia Innovation Fund |  10,314.93  
5 |  OCBC account [ 51-xxx] |  85,873.20  
6 |  OCBC SRS account |  0.00  
7 |  OCBC account [66-xxx] |  28,087.19  
8 |  OCBC fixed deposits |  20,500.00  
9 |  POSB account |  4,045.15  
10 |  Central Provident Fund as at July 2008 |  315,683.61  
11 |  Debt due from brother |  92,500.00  
12 |  Jewellery |  4,000.00  
13 |  Alleged debt due from the wife |  0.00  
|  **Husband’s total assets:** |  **S$700,861.35**  
  
  

18 I shall adopt the wife’s valuation for Item 1 ($30,471), Item 5
($85,873.20) and Item 10 ($315,683.61). These are based on valuations as at
July 2008 and supported by evidence.[note: 38] I reject the husband’s
unsubstantiated figures including his valuation of Item 2 which is similarly
unsubstantiated.[note: 39] I rely instead on the wife’s figure ($93,215),
which is supported by an SGX statement exhibited in the husband’s own
affidavit.[note: 40] I also prefer the wife’s valuation of the debt due to the
husband from his brother (Item 11) as at September 2009.[note: 41] Although
the husband claims that $12,000 has been repaid into his OCBC Easisave account
reducing the debt due to $80,500, he has not produced any proof of such
deposit.[note: 42]

19 With respect to Item 6, I reject the wife’s figure ($46,265.90) which is
unsupported by evidence.[note: 43] Item 12 is not raised by the wife, but as
the husband volunteers the figure of $4,000[note: 44], I have included it in
the common pool. I disregard Item 13 as there is nothing, apart from the
husband’s bare assertion, to prove the alleged debt of $6,100 due from the
wife.

20 The wife claims that the husband owns undisclosed balances in bank accounts
that were closed and sale proceeds in relation to shares/unit trusts sold upon
the service of divorce papers.[note: 45] The HSBC statement and letters from
OCBC and DBS[note: 46] do support the inference that the husband had closed
some of his bank accounts and sold some shares upon commencement of divorce
proceedings.

21 Where a party fails to discharge his or her duty to provide full and frank
disclosure, the court may draw an adverse inference against that person by
ordering a higher proportion of the disclosed assets to the other party or,
where possible, proceed to determine the actual value of the undisclosed
assets based on available information, and include such value in the pool of
assets to be divided (see _NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 (“ _NK v NL_ ”) at
[57]–[62] and _O’Connor Rosamund Monica v Potter Derek John_ [2011] 3 SLR 294
(“ _Rosamund_ ”) at [38]).

22 In light of the foregoing, I would draw an adverse inference against the
husband in relation to Items 3 and 4 as he has failed to disclose the
whereabouts of the proceeds of those unit trusts sold in March 2008 for
$26,486.20.[note: 47] I would also draw an adverse inference against him in
relation to Item 7. The bank account was closed shortly after the commencement
of divorce proceedings, on 5 March 2008[note: 48], and he has not accounted
for the whereabouts of the closing balance ($28,087.19).[note: 49] On that
same day, the balance of $4,045.15 in the bank account under Item 9 was cashed
out.[note: 50] Again, no satisfactory account has been given for the
whereabouts of the sum, and I have accordingly drawn an adverse inference
against him.

23 I reject both parties’ valuations of Item 8. The wife relies on the figure
as at February 2008 ($113,000)[note: 51]. $92,500 was prematurely withdrawn as
a loan to the husband’s brother[note: 52], and has been accounted for under
Item 11. I thus take the net figure to be $20,500. The husband has not
accounted for the dissipation of the balance to $13,000 between March to June
2008[note: 53], and to $0 in July 2008.[note: 54]

Wife’s assets

24 The husband claims that the wife’s disclosed assets total $180,925.[note:
55] The wife claims that they are worth only $64,582.89.[note: 56] I assess
her assets to be worth about $67,500.

_Item_ |  _Description_ |  _Court’s conclusion (S$)_  
---|---|---  
1 |  OUB Manulife policy |  12,545.68 (undisputed)  
2 |  OAC policy [126-xxx] |  16,223.12 (undisputed)  
3 |  Amplefield shares |  900.00 (undisputed)  
4 |  OAC policy [125-xxx] |  8,144.00  
5 |  AIA policy (annuity) |  0.00  
6 |  POSB account [01-xxx] |  736.01  
7 |  POSB account [20-xxx] |  700.52  
8 |  HSBC account |  1,804.95  
9 |  Central Provident Fund as at August 2008 |  13,480.35  
10 |  Jewellery |  13,000.00  
11 |  OCBC Structured Deposits |  0.00  
|  **Wife’s total assets:** |  **S$ 67,534.63**  
  
  

25 The valuation of Items 1, 2 and 3 are not disputed. For Item 4, I have
adopted the husband’s valuation ($8,144), which is the maturity value of the
policy as discovered by the wife[note: 57], and rejected the wife’s
unsubstantiated valuation of $5,192.28. As for Item 5, the husband’s valuation
($23,319.33) was wrongly premised on the sum insured under the policy, and so
I reject it. This is an annuity policy. The monthly annuities of $107.04 were
paid into the wife’s POSB Bank account (Item 6), and to avoid double counting,
I disregard Item 5. The difference in the parties’ valuation of Item 7 was
only $8.70 and so I accept the higher figure volunteered by the wife. As for
Item 11, the husband relies on outdated 2006 and 2007 statements[note: 58],
which I reject.

26 I have valued Items 6, 8 and 9 based on the wife’s figures as at
July/August 2008, which were closer to the date of the interim judgment,
rather than the figures used by the husband, which were based on valuations as
at December 2008 and September/December 2009. There is no fixed operative date
for the determination and valuation of matrimonial assets (see _Anthony
Patrick Nathan v Chan Siew Chin_ [2011] 4 SLR 1121 at [18], [25] and [29]).
Given that the ancillary hearings only took place four years after the interim
judgment was granted in April 2008, and given the adverse inferences I drew
against the husband in relation to his treatment of his assets in the interim
period (see [20] to [22] above), I am of the view that it would be appropriate
to value the assets as at 2008.

27 The husband claims that the wife has failed to provide full disclosure of
her bank accounts.[note: 59] Relying on _Rosamund_ , he argues that the wife
had been extremely uncooperative throughout the discovery process, and so, an
adverse inference should be drawn against her. The alleged “uncooperativeness”
of the wife on the present facts is, however, a far cry from that in
_Rosamund_ , where the court drew an adverse inference against the wife who
had failed to satisfactorily explain her failure to disclose details of her
bank accounts which were revealed during discovery (_Rosamund_ at [39]–[43]).
On the present facts, despite the husband’s attempts to uncover undisclosed
DBS accounts belonging to the wife, and the Court Order dated 23 November 2011
allowing him to administer interrogatories to DBS’ representative, nothing has
been uncovered, and costs of $3,400 was awarded in favour of the wife.[note:
60]

28 The husband claims that the wife has under-declared the value of her
jewellery (Item 10) as $13,000 when they are actually worth $80,000.[note: 61]
A spouse cannot ask the court to draw an adverse inference of the financial
worth of the other spouse simply because he/she claims that that spouse is
worth “at least” a certain amount (_Rosamund_ at [37]). He must be able to
adduce “some substratum of evidence that establishes a _prima facie_ case
against the person against whom the inference is to be drawn” (_Koh Bee Choo v
Choo Chai Huah_ [2007] SGCA 21 at [28]). As the husband has not been able to
do so, I have rejected the husband’s unsubstantiated valuation of Item 10 at
$80,000 and adopted the wife’s valuation at $13,000.

Total assets

29 The total pool of matrimonial assets for division is therefore $4,168,300,
comprising:

(a) the Namly House \- $3.4 million;

(b) the Husband’s assets - $700,800; and

(c) the Wife’s assets - $67,500.

Just and equitable division of matrimonial assets

The general law on the division of matrimonial assets

30 The court derives its power to order division of matrimonial assets from s
112(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The goal is
to achieve a just and equitable division, taking into account all
circumstances of the case, including the factors listed under s 112(2) of the
Act (see _NK v NL_ at [20]).

31 A few principles must be borne in mind. First, no one factor is
determinative (see _NK v NL_ at [29]). Secondly, the court should not treat
the respective financial contributions of each party as the _prima facie_
starting point, before making adjustments to reflect their non-financial
contributions (see _NK v NL_ at [23]–[24] and [27]). Given the prevailing
ideology of marriage as an equal cooperative partnership of efforts, financial
and non-financial contributions are _equally_ recognised as both roles need to
be performed equally well for the marriage to flourish (see _NK v NL_ at [20]
and [41]).

32 Thirdly, the court is not expected to make an exact calculation of each
spouse’s financial or non-financial contributions. Rather, it should be
prepared to make a rough and ready approximation in the absence of documentary
evidence, based on “feel and the court’s sense of justice” (see _NK v NL_ at
[28] and _Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy_ [2011] 2 SLR 1157 _(“Yeo Chong
Lin (CA)_ ”) at [78]).

The present facts

Long marriage of 36 years

33 An important factor to consider in the present case is the length of the
marriage. While I am mindful that division orders made in earlier cases are no
more than _guides_ , since no two cases are identical (_Yeo Chong Lin (CA)_ at
[79]), it is useful to note that in cases involving longer marriages, the
general trend is to award the homemaker wife a greater proportion of the
assets. This recognises the fact that the non-financial contributions of a
homemaker would typically be substantial where the marriage is long.

34 From my review of the cases, the proportion awarded to homemaker wives who
have made modest financial contributions for marriages lasting 17 to 35 years
with children ranged between 35% to 50% of the total matrimonial assets (see
_ZD v ZE and Another_ [2008] SGHC 225, _Tan Cheng Guan v Tan Hwee Lee_ [2011]
4 SLR 1148, _AXC v AXD_ [2012] SGHC 15, _Wong Ser Wan v Ng Cheong Ling_ [2006]
1 SLR(R) 416, _Yow Mee_ _Lan v Chen Kai Buan_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 659, _Rosaline
Singh v Jayabalan_ _Samidurai (alias Jerome Jayabalan)_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 457
and _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 (“ _Lock Yeng Fun_
”)). Where the wife also worked and supported the family financially, the
courts have not hesitated to award her up to 60% of the total assets (see _Lim
Choon Lai v Chew Kim Heng_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 260 and _Tan Bee Bee v Lim Kim
Chin_ [2004] SGHC 242 (“ _Tan Bee Bee_ ”)).

35 The exceptions, where the apportionment in favour of the wife was less than
35%, typically concerned cases where the total pool of matrimonial assets had
been very substantial, in excess of $100 million (see, _Ng Ngah Len @ Datin
Sandra Kuah v Kuah_ _Tian Nam @ Dato Peter Kuah_ [2003] SGHC 109 (“ _Ng Ngah
Len_ ”) and _Yeo Chong Lin (CA)_). In those exceptional situations, the
apportionment to the wife had been, in absolute terms, substantial.

36 As this case does not involve very substantial assets, the husband’s
reliance on _Ng Ngah_ _Leh_[note: 62], where the wife was only awarded 25%
after the 21-year long marriage, is misplaced. I also reject his argument that
his offer of 25% of the Namly House is generous[note: 63] based on _Lau Loon
Seng v Sia Peck Eng_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 688 (“ _Lau Loon Seng_ ”), where the
court awarded the wife only 30% of the assets despite the length of the
marriage (41 years). _Lau Loon Seng_ has been criticised in the following
terms (_Halsbury’s_ _Laws of Singapore_ , vol 11 (2006 Reissue) (“
_Halsbury’s_ _vol 11_ ”) at [130.823]):

Two of the three factors [which the judge cited at _Lau Loon Seng_ at [27] in
support of his award of 30%]...are somewhat misplaced. One, that the wife did
not have debts should not affect her entitlement...Two, the wife’s needs or
expectations being low also should not affect her entitlement especially when
they appear to be his Honour’s conjectures. Once the total value of the
matrimonial assets exceeds the needs of both spouses, this ceases to be
relevant. The aim of division is to give proper credit for all manner of
contribution during marriage...

Husband’s contributions to the household

(1) Financial contributions

37 It is not in dispute that the husband paid for most of the household
financial expenses as well as the Namly House purchase price. During the
ancillary hearings, counsel for the husband, Ms Alyssa Lee (“Ms Lee”)
highlighted that the husband also bought a car for the son in 1999, paid about
$110,000 for the daughter’s overseas music education, and had contributed
$25,000 to the son’s wedding and renovation expenses. She argued that these
financial contributions to the children should also be considered pursuant to
s 112(2)(b) of the Act, which provides that, in exercising its power under s
112(1), the court shall have regard to “any debt owing or obligation incurred
or undertaken by either party for their joint benefit or for the benefit of
any child of the marriage”.

38 While debts incurred on behalf of any child of the marriage are certainly
relevant (although more so at the earlier stage of valuing the entire pool of
matrimonial assets than at the later stage of achieving just and equitable
division: _Halsbury’s_ _vol 11_ at [130.827]), there are, on the present
facts, no outstanding debt, for the purposes of s 112(2)(b), to speak
of.[note: 64]

(2) Non-financial contributions

39 The extent of the husband’s non-financial contributions to the family was
very much in dispute (see [8] above). On totality, I find that the wife, who
had stayed at home to manage the household, had contributed much more in the
non-financial aspects. Although the husband has been helping his son and
daughter-in-law with the running of the Company [note: 65], I do not accord
this factor much _significance_ since (a) the son has already reached
adulthood and (b) the husband’s assistance in relation to the Company
commenced fairly recently, in 2004.[note: 66]

40 To be clear, I am not suggesting that non-financial support rendered to a
child who has reached adulthood would _never_ be relevant to the court’s
exercise of its power under s 112(1). However, on the facts of the present
case, it is unclear what the husband’s exact involvement with the Company has
been. Any weight ascribed to such contributions, relative to the non-financial
contributions by the wife, is therefore, on balance, not significant.

Wife’s contributions to the household

(1) Financial contributions

41 During the ancillary hearing, Ms Lee accepted that the wife’s CPF
contribution of $19,000 was used as part of the Namly House purchase price.
Indeed, this was supported by evidence.[note: 67] Ms Lee, however, challenged
the wife’s purported payment of the 10% deposit. It is not disputed that the
10% deposit, comprising the initial sum of $7,800, being the option money, and
the balance of $70,270.22, were paid from the wife’s POSB current account. The
husband, however, alleges that as the wife’s income was low, the 10% deposit
must have been transferred from the parties’ joint bank account or originated
from cash deposited by the husband into the wife’s POSB current account. As
there is no evidence to support the husband’s case theory as regards the
payment of the 10% deposit, I can see no reason why the 10% deposit payment
should not treated as the wife’s financial contribution. It is an undeniable
fact that the 10% deposit came from her POSB current account. There is no
objective evidence to indicate otherwise.

42 Account should also be taken of the wife’s indirect financial contributions
by way of payments for renovation and furnishing, as well as her repayment of
the mortgage using the Ghim Moh flat sale proceeds. Although she has not been
able to prove the former to a certainty, she has produced several invoices
stating her name[note: 68] and should perhaps be given the benefit of the
doubt. As for the latter, the husband has not produced documentary evidence to
substantiate his assertion that the wife had used the sale proceeds of the
Ghim Moh flat for her own benefit. In fact, the documents contradict his
position. The bank statements produced by the wife show that, out of the net
sale proceeds of about $429,000, $100,000 was initially paid to the husband’s
HSBC bank account[note: 69] and $300,000 was paid to the parties’ joint bank
account.[note: 70] This $300,000 had then been substantially used by the
husband personally and for the procurement of the Namly House[note: 71], and
to this end, Mr Wong drew my attention to documents evidencing two mortgage
capital repayments totalling $100,000 from the parties’ joint account in April
and June 1997.[note: 72]

(2) Non-financial contributions

43 I am of the view that the wife’s non-financial contributions to the family
has been substantial, given the length of the marriage, the two children whom
the wife had to care for, and the fact that for most part of the marriage,
parties did not employ any domestic helper.[note: 73] As observed in
_Halsbury’s_ _vol 11_ at [130.829]:

[I]t is impossible to calculate non-financial contribution with even a
semblance of exactitude. All the courts are able to do is to deduce that, if
there is a child, the non-financial contribution of the wife must have been
significant or where the marriage has continued for a long time before
divorce, her non-financial contribution must also have been substantial...Only
generalisations of this nature are possible of this factor, as important as it
no doubt is.

44 The husband attempts to downplay the wife’s non-financial contributions by
arguing that[note: 74]: (a) the marriage had effectively only lasted up till
October 1999 when the parties commenced the Separate Bedrooms Arrangement; and
(b) by 1993, the children (aged 16 and 18) were independent and capable of
washing and ironing their own clothes, and in 1995, the daughter had left for
her overseas studies, while the son served National Service.

(A) Separate bedrooms arrangement

45 I disagree with the husband’s submission based on the Separate Bedrooms
Arrangement. First, the cases Ms Lee relied on, _ie_ , _S v S_ [1977] 1 Fam
127 and _Wang Shi Huah Karen v Wong King Chueng Kevin_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 172 (“
_Karen Wang_ ”) concerned marriages which lasted five years or less. It is
certainly accepted that the division order would usually closely approximate
the parties’ respective financial contributions where the marriage had been
very short (_Karen Wang_ at [15]), given that the non-financial contribution
of the homemaker is far less significant in short marriages, and given that
evidence relating to the actual contributions made by spouses in short
marriages should remain fairly clear and more easily proffered (_Halsbury’s_
_vol 11_ at [130.822]).

46 In the present case, the marriage lasted 36 years. Even if the Separate
Bedrooms Arrangement is taken into account, the marriage would have lasted at
least 27 years before its breakdown. By any measure, the marriage was a long
one and due regard must be given to the wife’s non-financial contributions.

47 Secondly, and more importantly, the husband’s argument is inconsistent with
the Court of Appeal decisions in _Yeo Gim Tong Michael v Tianzon Lolita_
[1996] 1 SLR(R) 633 (“ _Tianzon Lolita_ ”) and _Chan Teck Hock David v Leong
Mei Chuan_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 76 (“ _David Chan_ ”), which established that the
wife’s non-financial contributions should not be taken to have automatically,
or as a matter of law, ceased upon the breakdown of the marriage. This is so
as the wife’s contributions to the family could have remained largely the
same. The Court of Appeal held as follows in _Tianzon Lolita_ at [7]:

In making a division under s 106(3) the court would have regard to the period
in which the husband and wife have ceased to cohabit and the indirect
contribution, if any, made by the wife during the period. In this case, the
wife’s indirect contribution continued: she continued to look after the child
after she had filed the petition, and her contribution fell within s 106(3).

Similar observations were made by the Court of Appeal in _David Chan_ at
[31]–[33]:

The matrimonial home was acquired when the marriage had not broken down.
However, the same clearly cannot be said about the stock options, because even
at the time of the first agreement to grant stock options to the husband on 12
August 1996, the marriage was already on the brink of breakdown...Indeed, from
1994...the wife had harassed him at his workplace because of her suspicion
that he was indulging in extramarital activities. So, instead of helping him
in his work, she was doing just the reverse...However...while the husband was
in Hong Kong pursuing his career with Dell, she was taking care of the
children in Singapore..._We have serious doubts whether just because the wife
was anxious about her husband’s alleged extramarital affairs, and had
threatened to contact the chairman of Dell, her contribution to the wellbeing
of the family should be deemed any less and thus her share to the stock
options should thereby be reduced..._ More importantly, while he was working
in Hong Kong, the wife was maintaining the home here for the children and
taking care of them. _It seems to us that her contribution to the family was
largely no different from what it was before disputes between them arose_. It
is probably true to say that because of her care for the children here, the
husband was able to work in Hong Kong and focus on his job. So while he was
away, she was shouldering the burden of taking care of the home and family all
by herself, even though she had a maid to assist her.

[emphasis added]

48 In light of _Tianzon Lolita_ and _David Chan_ , the Separate Bedrooms
Arrangement _per se_ should not have any automatic impact on the court’s
assessment of the wife’s non-financial contributions to the household.
Everything boils down to the facts – the court must consider whether the
wife’s contributions to the household and the family had _actually_ ceased or
lessened post-October 1999\. On the present facts, there was no indication
that the wife had ceased caring for the children and the household since
October 1999.

(b) Independence of the children

49 That the children have become independent would also not automatically
negate the relevance of a spouse’s non-financial contributions to the
children’s wellbeing. The following remarks by the Court of Appeal are
instructive (_Yeo Chong Lin (CA)_ at [74]):

The Husband sought to lessen the significance of the Wife’s contribution by
saying that after their youngest child left for United Kingdom in 1981 to
study in a boarding school, there was not much for her to do...We are not
persuaded that this argument should be given much weight..._It stands to
reason that in all long marriages, where the wife is a full-time homemaker,
there will come a point in time when the children will become independent as
adults and their demands on the Wife, as a mother, will decrease. But her duty
to maintain the home would undoubtedly continue.__It would be grossly
inequitable to minimise her contributions just because the children have grown
up and left the coop_.

[emphasis added]

(c) Purported Agreement regarding the Ghim Moh flat sale proceeds

50 Ms Lee submits that the wife’s non-financial contribution should be about
10%. In support of this argument, she relies on a purported agreement between
the parties on the division of the sale proceeds of the Ghim Moh flat, under
which the wife was entitled to only 29% of the sale proceeds, whereas the
husband was to get the remaining 71%. The husband claims that since the wife
only paid 19% towards the purchase of the Ghim Moh flat ($12,500 using her CPF
monies), while he paid $50,384 towards its purchase and renovation ($30,384
from his CPF monies and $20,000 for renovation and furnishings)[note: 75], the
subsequent agreement of the wife to accept 29% of the sale proceeds meant that
her non-financial contributions were therefore at best only 10%.[note: 76]

51 I cannot agree with Ms Lee’s submission. First, the asserted financial
contributions towards the Ghim Moh flat have not been satisfactorily
established. Secondly, although the wife’s previous solicitors appeared to
accept that the wife had a “29% share” in the Ghim Moh flat sale
proceeds[note: 77], any agreement to such effect was not made in contemplation
of divorce. It is thus not an agreement which the court should consider
pursuant to s 112(2)(e) of the Act. Thirdly, even if such an agreement had
been made in contemplation of divorce, it would not bind the court, which has
to consider what a just and equitable division between the spouses would _now_
be (see Professor Leong Wai Kum, _Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes of
Singapore_ , vol 6 (Butterworths Asia, 1997 Reissue) at p 329).

52 Fourthly, even if it is assumed that the wife’s financial contributions
towards the Ghim Moh flat was 19%, as alleged by the husband, apportioning a
mere 29% share of the sale proceeds to the wife would be highly inequitable
since parties had _by then_ been married for about 24 years and the wife had
contributed quite significantly to the welfare of the family.[note: 78] As the
Court of Appeal observed in _Tan Bee Giok v Loh Kum Yong_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 605,
where spouses have sold their old matrimonial home and ploughed back the sale
proceeds towards the purchase/renovation of a new matrimonial home, the
respective shares (forming the ploughed-back sale proceeds) deemed to be
contributed by each party must take into account non-financial contributions –
where the marriage is long, this is likely to be substantial _vis-a-vis_ a
homemaker. The Court of Appeal held (at [32]–[42]) that:

The parties' first matrimonial home was 28, Jalan Ladah Puteh which was
acquired by the husband before the marriage. That property was sold in 1974
for $118,000 and partly with the proceeds of sale the husband purchased 44,
Princess of Wales for $220,000. The funds for the acquisition of this property
were provided solely by the husband, but the property was conveyed or
transferred to the husband and wife as joint tenants... It became their
matrimonial home for well over ten years until some time in the early part of
1987 or thereabouts....Sometime in 1986 [the parties decided to] sell 44
Princess of Wales, use the proceeds of sale for, among other things, the
purpose of his business, move to 19 Trevose Crescent and stay there with no
payment of any rent..._When 44 Princess of Wales was sold and the sum of
$684,812.68 was realised, this sum belonged to the husband and wife._ The
property was held by the husband and wife as joint tenants _._ If the
presumption of advancement applies she would be entitled to a half share of
the proceeds. On the other hand, if the presumption does not apply, _this
property being acquired during the marriage by the sole effort of the husband,
she would still be entitled to a substantial share thereof by virtue of her
contribution made to the welfare of the family by looking after the home and
caring for the family._ They had by then been married for about 17 years, and
substantially throughout this period the wife was a housewife and her
contribution in looking after the home and caring for the family during this
period was undoubtedly considerable, and if the net proceeds were to be
divided between the husband and wife under s 106 she would be entitled to a
substantial part thereof, although it would be less than half..._the amount
expended on the repair and renovation of 19 Trevose Crescent and the amount
applied in the reduction of the overdraft account secured by that property
came from the sale proceeds of 44 Princess of Wales in which the husband and
the wife each had a share. It follows that the substantial improvement to 19
Trevose Crescent and the reduction of the overdraft account were contributed
jointly by the husband and wife...and the wife had a substantial share in such
contribution._

[emphasis added]

Just and equitable division on the present facts

53 In light of all the circumstances – including (a) the wife’s substantial
non-financial contributions to the family; (b) her 12% contribution to the
purchase price of the Namly House (see [5] and [41] above); (c) her likely
indirect financial contributions to the mortgage repayment using the Ghim Moh
flat sale proceeds (see [42] above); (d) other outlays, _eg_ , renovation fees
(see [42] above); and (e) the length of the marriage and the general trend of
awarding more to a wife of a long marriage (see [33] to [36] above) – it
would, in my view, be just and equitable to award the wife 50% of the pool of
matrimonial assets, taking into account the adverse inference drawn against
the husband for his failure to disclose all his assets.

54 In making my order for 50:50 division, I am mindful that there is no “norm”
or default position of equal division (see _Lock Yeng Fun_ at [50]–[57]).
Courts have, however, not hesitated to award 50% or more to the wife where the
facts so justified (see _Lock Yeng Fun_ at [58]). This is, in my view, an
appropriate case for equal division.

The manner of division

55 The court has a large measure of flexibility as to the actual order it
chooses to make against any particular matrimonial asset within the pool of
assets to be divided (see _Halsbury’s_ _vol 11_ at [130.770] and [130.836]).
On the present facts, the most convenient and non-intrusive manner of
apportioning the pool of matrimonial assets is for each party to retain their
respective assets, and to split only the proceeds from the sale of the Namly
House. This manner of splitting the matrimonial assets was the only common
ground between the parties in the present case (see [11] above).

56 Of course, the apportionment of the Namly House sale proceeds will be based
on my consideration of the _entire_ pool of matrimonial assets (_NK v NL_ at
[38]–[40]). As I have assessed the common pool of assets to be worth
$4,168,300 (see [29] above), a 50% share works out to $2,084,150. Taking the
value of the Namly House to be $3.4 million, this would translate into about
59.3% share of the Namly House in favour of the wife ([{2,084,150 – 67,500} /
3.4 million] x 100%), which I round up to 60%.

Lump sum maintenance

The law

57 In exercising its power to order maintenance of a former wife pursuant to s
113 of the Act, the court must consider the non-exhaustive list of factors set
out in s 114. The assessment of the appropriate lump sum figure is
_discretionary_ in that there is an unavoidable element of speculation,
especially when assessing the appropriate multiplier (see Professor Leong Wai
Lum, _Elements of Family Law_ (LexisNexis, 2007), at p 829). Ultimately, “it
is the court’s sense of justice which demands and obtains a just solution to
many a difficult issue” (see _BG v BF_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 233 at [74]).

58 The legal principles relevant to the power under s 113 were recently
discussed by the Court of Appeal in _Foo Ah Yan v Chiam_ _Heng Chow_ [2012]
SGCA 15 (“ _Foo Ah Yan_ ”). Briefly, the assessment of the appropriate monthly
multiplicand begins with the wife’s financial needs as derived from her
particulars of expenditure, scaled down for reasonableness. The overarching
principle of financial preservation, as embodied in s 114(2) of the Act,
requires the wife to be maintained at a standard, which is, to a reasonable
extent, commensurate with the standard of living she had enjoyed during the
marriage (_Foo Ah Yan_ at [13]). This principle of financial preservation must
be applied in a commonsense holistic manner, which takes into account the new
realities flowing from the breakdown of the marriage. Therefore, where
possible, the wife must exert reasonable efforts to help preserve her pre-
breakdown lifestyle (see _Foo Ah Yan_ at [16]).

59 The court must also consider the husband’s financial ability to meet the
maintenance order; although he is _prima facie_ obliged to maintain his former
wife beyond his retirement and up to the former wife’s remarriage or the death
of either party, the former wife who has assets of her own should not expect a
full subsidy for her lifestyle (see _Foo Ah Yan_ at [17]).

60 It has also been repeatedly stressed that there is no rigid rule in
relation to the assessment of the appropriate multiplier – it depends on the
particular facts (see _Foo Ah Yan_ at [18] and _Ng Ngah Len_ at [13]).
Ultimately, it is the _reasonableness_ of the maintenance claim _vis-à-vis_
the husband’s ability to pay, which guides the court’s application of the
principle of financial preservation (see _AQS v AQR_ [2012] SGCA 3 at [52] and
_Foo Ah Yan_ at [19]).

The present facts

61 The wife claims a lump sum of $179,400, whereas the husband is only
prepared to pay $12,000 (see [13] above). In support of his proposal, the
husband highlights the fact that he is 66 years old and has retired[note: 79],
and asserts that the wife is financially capable in that (a) she has
substantial undisclosed assets; (b) she has other sources of income in the
form of monthly payouts of $107.04 from her AIA policy and monthly
contributions of $1000 from the children[note: 80]; and (c) since the wife’s
bank account (into which he deposited the monthly $200 maintenance payments he
currently pays) had an average balance of $700 - $800 most of the time[note:
81], she “has no financial needs of the Defendant”[note: 82].

62 The husband also argues that the wife’s alleged receipt of her 29% share of
the Ghim Moh flat sale proceeds ($124,611.72) to her own benefit should be
taken into account by the court.[note: 83] As mentioned (at [42] above), this
has not been proved.

The Multiplicand

63 It is noted that the wife had, in 1999, applied for maintenance against the
husband[note: 84], and a Maintenance Order (No 1018/1999) was granted for the
monthly sum of $1,450.[note: 85] From March 2008, shortly after divorce
proceedings were launched, the husband unilaterally reduced the maintenance
payments from $1,450 to $200.[note: 86]

(1) The Wife’s monthly expenses

64 The wife currently spends $2,415 per month, based on the following
breakdown[note: 87]:

_Item_ |  _Description_ |  _Amt (S$)_  
---|---|---  
1 |  Food |  400.00  
2 |  Transport |  300.00  
3 |  Telephone/Internet |  100.00  
4 |  Medical expenses |  300.00  
5 |  Health food supplements |  400.00  
6 |  Toiletries |  50.00  
7 |  Clothes/shoes |  150.00  
8 |  Personal hygiene/grooming |  200.00  
9 |  Recreation |  150.00  
10 |  Gifts |  50.00  
11 |  Dental |  30.00  
12 |  Insurance |  285.00  
|  **TOTAL:** |  **2,415.00**  
  
  

I note that her expenses have been scaled down from the original sum of $2,850
in August 2008.[note: 88] Based on the current breakdown, her monthly expenses
seem reasonable. The monthly multiplicand claimed ($1,400), which is slightly
more than half of her claimed monthly expenses, is also not extravagant – it
speaks to her willingness to contribute to preserve her pre-breakdown
lifestyle.

(2) The Wife’s age and financial dependence

65 The husband claims that the wife owes him $3,900, which was borrowed
between October 2009 and March 2010,[note: 89] and that up till January 2011,
the outstanding debt due from the wife amounted to $6,100.[note: 90] He
produced some receipts that were signed by the wife in support of the $3,900
loan.[note: 91] If the documents, which have annotations such as
“marketing/food/supplement” and “dental”, are taken to be probative of the
alleged loans, such loans for those stated purposes could be suggestive of the
wife’s lack of financial independence, and the inadequacy of the monthly $200
payments she is currently receiving from the husband.

66 To this extent, the husband’s reliance on _Tan Bee Bee_[note: 92] is
misplaced – the wife in _Tan Bee Bee_ was financially strong and the Judge had
specifically found that she did not require maintenance (_Tan Bee Bee_ at
[24]). His reliance on _Tay Ang Choo Nancy v Yeo Chong Lin and another_ [2010]
SGHC 126 (“ _Yeo Chong Lin (HC)_ ”)[note: 93] is also problematic. The court
in _Yeo Chong Lin (HC)_ chose not to make a maintenance order in light of the
fact that the wife had received more than $11 million post division of assets.
Given that she was already 71 years old, the court was of the opinion that her
financial resources were unlikely to be exhausted in her lifetime (see _Yeo
Chong Lin (HC)_ at [60]).

67 Given the wife’s relatively old age (65), and the long period for which she
has been away from the workforce, it would be unreasonable to require her to
seek employment now.[note: 94]

(3) The Husband’s age and financial ability

68 The husband is now 66 years old. As mentioned (at [9] above), there is a
dispute over whether he is currently drawing any salary from the Company. The
wife has not produced credible evidence proving the same. However, despite the
husband’s retirement, I note that he owns fairly substantial assets in the
form of shares, unit funds, cash and CPF monies, and would be able to meet the
maintenance order.

69 I note that there was no indication as to the wife’s living arrangement
after the sale of the Namly House, and indeed, she does not claim any rental
which she might subsequently have to incur. Taking into account all the
circumstances, in particular, the wife’s monthly expenses of $2,415, which
seems reasonable, her old age, the fact that the children have since ceased
making contributions towards her monthly expenses (the wife has undertaken to
file an affidavit that she has ceased receiving any monthly contribution from
the children since late last year), her monthly AIA annuities of $107.04, as
well as the husband’s retirement, his assets and his age, a fair and
reasonable multiplicand would be $1,300 per month for the future maintenance.
This amount does not present a “meal-ticket for life” as it requires the wife
to be self-reliant to some extent.

Arrears in maintenance

70 There is also no reason why the husband should not be required to pay the
monthly arrears in maintenance of $1,250 for the last three years. Ms Lee
argues that the wife ceased to be a “married woman” with effect from the date
of the interim judgment, and so, her claim for arrears in maintenance
amounting to $45,000 is untenable.[note: 95] She argues that the wife should
have applied for interim maintenance. I cannot agree with Ms Lee’s
submissions. First, dissolution of a marriage does not of itself put an end to
a maintenance order. As observed in _Halsbury’s_ _vol 11_ at [130.700]:

_Short of death there is no event that immediately terminates a maintenance
order that is continuing._ _The order continues until another court order is
made that it be rescinded._ The Women’s Charter provides that the court may
rescind a maintenance order on proof of a change in the circumstances of the
applicant for rescission, his wife or child or for any other good cause. This
confirms the discretion that lies with the court...there is still discretion
whether to rescind the maintenance order for the reason that the beneficiary
has since become divorced from the payor. Only where the court regards the
circumstances as justifying rescission will it be ordered. _Thus, a
maintenance order for a validly married woman need not be rescinded when she
ceases to be so._

[emphasis added]

Secondly, a wife should not generally be compelled to apply for interim
maintenance pending the hearing of ancillaries if she is willing or able to
wait until the ancillary matters are heard (_AMW v AMZ_ [2011] 3 SLR 955 (“
_AMW v AMZ_ ”) at [10]–[11]).

The Multipler

71 Effectively, the wife is seeking a multiplier of 11 years, three years in
arrears and eight for the future. Mr Wong tendered information from the
Department of Statistics, Singapore (DSS) to show that the life expectancy of
Singaporean women is now 84.1 years. This was to support his submission that a
higher multiplier should be applied, and that assessment on the “straight line
basis” in _Ong Chen Leng v Tan Sau_ _Poo_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 545 (“ _Ong Cheng
Leng_ ”) should not be followed. The life expectancy of the wife is, however,
not the sole factor influencing the assessment of the appropriate multiplier.
Other factors are also relevant, _eg_ , the possibility of the wife
remarrying, the proportion of matrimonial assets allocated to the wife, the
husband’s retirement, _etc_.

72 It is trite that the approach in _Ong Chen Leng_ (maintenance up till 67
years old, as a compromise between the average life expectancy of a woman (70)
and the usual retirement age of a Singapore male worker (65)) does not apply
invariably. In _Ng Ngah Len_ (at [13]), Prakash J took the husband’s
retirement age as 68, observing that while he had no compulsory retirement age
(since he was self-employed), there was no need for him to work till he
dropped as he was well-heeled. A multiplier of 16 years was applied, in
consideration of the fact that that would take the wife who was 46 years old
into her early 60s, and that even if she should live a considerable period
therefrom, the extremely large lump sum ordered ($20,250/mth x 12 x 16 =
$3,888,000) should allow her to enjoy a reasonably comfortable life.

73 In _Foo Ah Yan_ , lump sum maintenance was computed until the wife was 67
years old. Although the husband who was 72 years old had retired in his 50s,
just a year after the marriage, he continued to receive rental and annuities
totalling $2,600 (_Foo Ah Yan_ at [3]). Lump sum maintenance of $126,000
($1,500/mth x 12 x 7 years) was awarded to the wife.

74 Woo Bih Li J held in _AMW v AMZ_ at [9] that, as compared to the date of
the ancillary order, the date of the writ is generally a better reference
point for commencement of maintenance. This is however not a rigid rule;
ultimately, the court should order maintenance to commence from the date which
it considers, in its discretion, to be fair (_AMW v AMZ_ at [12]–[13]). I
agree with Woo J’s observations, though I note that, unlike in _AMW v AMZ_ ,
there is on the present facts an existing maintenance order, which the husband
has failed to comply with for the last four years (see [63] above), although
there is no indication that he cannot continue complying with it.

75 Taking into account all the circumstances – including (a) the wife’s old
age (65), and therefore, low likelihood of remarrying; (b) the husband’s old
age (66) and his current unemployment/retirement; (c) the proportion of
matrimonial assets awarded to the wife; and (d) the current life expectancy of
women (84.1) – none of which is determinative, in my judgment, a fair and
reasonable multiplier would be six years comprising three years in arrears and
three years of future maintenance, using the date of this judgment as a
reference point (effectively, until the wife reaches 68 years of age).

76 In the circumstances, I award the wife a lump sum maintenance of $91,800,
based on the following computation:

(a) Arrears as at date of hearing (3 years): Shortfall of $1250 per month x 12
x 3 years = $45,000.

(b) Future maintenance (3 years, until the wife is 68): $1,300 per month x 12
x 3 years = $46,800.

Conclusion

77 By reason of my findings, I make the following orders:

(a) A joint valuation of the Namly House to be conducted forthwith.

(b) The Namly House to be sold at a price no less than the valuation under
sub-para (a) above unless expressly agreed in writing by both parties.

(c) The net sale proceeds of the Namly House, less all expenses of the sale
including the costs of the valuation, to be divided 60% in favour of the wife
and the balance 40% in favour of the husband.

(d) Each party to refund their respective CPF contributions and accrued
interest to their respective CPF accounts from their share of the net sale
proceeds.

(e) The husband to pay the wife a lump sum maintenance of $91,800 to be
deducted from the husband’s share of the net sale proceeds of the Namly House;

(f) The husband and the wife to retain their respective assets in their own
names.

(g) Costs fixed at $10,000 inclusive of disbursements to be paid by the
husband to the wife.

* * *

[note: 1]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March 2012)
at [1].

[note: 2]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[6].

[note: 3]Defendant’s Affidavit of Assets and Means (27 August 2008) at [18].

[note: 4]Defendant’s Affidavit of Assets and Means (27 August 2008) at [19].

[note: 5]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March 2012)
at [13].

[note: 6]Defendant’s Affidavit of Assets and Means (27 August 2008) at [26].

[note: 7]Statement of Particulars (Divorce) (4 February 2008) at [1].

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[11], Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March 2012) at
[1].

[note: 9]Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Assets and Means (25 August 2008) at [2].

[note: 10]Defendant’s Affidavit (27 August 2008) at [53].

[note: 11]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [13].

[note: 12]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [19].

[note: 13]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[13].

[note: 14]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[13].

[note: 15]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (25 June 2009) at [22].

[note: 16]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[15].

[note: 17]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[16].

[note: 18]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (25 June 2009) at [25] – [26].

[note: 19]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [20] – [21].

[note: 20]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (25 June 2009) at [17].

[note: 21]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (4 August 2009) at [25].

[note: 22]Defendant’s Affidavit of Assets and Means (27 August 2008) at [2].

[note: 23]Defendant’s Affidavit (20 August 2009) at [5] – [7].

[note: 24]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (30 September 2009) at [10].

[note: 25]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[41].

[note: 26]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (30 September 2009) at [10].

[note: 27]Defendant’s Ancillary Matters Fact and Position Sheet (27 February
2012) at p 5.

[note: 28]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[8].

[note: 29]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[7].

[note: 30]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[10].

[note: 31]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[35].

[note: 32]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [42], Defendant’s Affidavit of Assets and Means (27 August 2008) at
[54].

[note: 33]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [22] – [28].

[note: 34]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [49].

[note: 35]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[47].

[note: 36]Defendant’s Ancillary Matters Fact and Position Sheet (27 February
2012) at p 5.

[note: 37]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[7].

[note: 38]Defendant’s Affidavit (27 August 2008) at [5c] and p 28, Defendant’s
Affidavit (27 August 2008) at p 33, Defendant’s Affidavit (27 August 2008) at
[9] and p 35.

[note: 39]2DBD at p 53.

[note: 40]Defendant’s Affidavit (27 August 2008) at [7] and p 29.

[note: 41]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (14 January 2012) at p 11.

[note: 42]2DBD at p 56.

[note: 43]Comparative Table at p 6.

[note: 44]2DBD at p 56.

[note: 45]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[7].

[note: 46]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012),
Tab A.

[note: 47]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (14 January 2012) at p 155.

[note: 48]Plaintiff’s Submissions (23 February 2012), Tab A.

[note: 49]Plaintiff’s Submissions (23 February 2012) at [26].

[note: 50]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (14 January 2010) at p 173.

[note: 51]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (14 January 2010) at p 70.

[note: 52]Defendant’s Affidavit (20 August 2009) at [10]; 3DBD at p 198.

[note: 53]3DBD at pp204, 206.

[note: 54]3 DBD at p 207.

[note: 55]Defendant’s Ancillary Matters Fact and Position Sheet (27 February
2012) at p 5.

[note: 56]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[8].

[note: 57]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (3 September 2010) at pp 3, 13.

[note: 58]3 DBD at pp 64, 69.

[note: 59]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [29] – [31b].

[note: 60]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[33].

[note: 61]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [32] – [34].

[note: 62]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [38].

[note: 63]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [37].

[note: 64]Defendant’s Affidavit for Ancillary Matters Hearing (27 August 2008)
at [15].

[note: 65]Defendant’s Oral Submissions (9 April 2012).

[note: 66]Tan Lay Koon’s Affidavit (3 November 2009) at [2] – [3].

[note: 67]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (25 August 2008) at p 33.

[note: 68]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (25 August 2008) at pp 69 – 112.

[note: 69]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (25 June 2009) at pp 39, 40.

[note: 70]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (25 June 2009) at pp 39, 41, 42.

[note: 71]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (25 June 2009) at [21] – [22].

[note: 72]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (25 June 2009) at [21], pp 53 – 56.

[note: 73]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[15].

[note: 74]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [22] – [28].

[note: 75]Defendant’s Affidavit (27 August 2008) at [20].

[note: 76]Defendant’s Oral Submissions (9 April 2012).

[note: 77]Defendant’s Affidavit (5 November 2009) at pp 4 – 6.

[note: 78]Plaintiff’s Affidavit (25 June 2009) at [17].

[note: 79]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [49].

[note: 80]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [45b].

[note: 81]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [45a].

[note: 82]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [45c].

[note: 83]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [49].

[note: 84]MSS 4956/1999 (Order made on 30 September 1999).

[note: 85]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [3].

[note: 86]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[46].

[note: 87]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[44].

[note: 88]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[44].

[note: 89]Defendant’s Affidavit (14 May 2010) at [15].

[note: 90]Defendant’s Declaration of the Value of Matrimonial Assets (27
February 2012) at p 18.

[note: 91]Defendant’s Affidavit (14 May 2010) at pp 36 – 44.

[note: 92]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [50].

[note: 93]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters Hearing (29 March
2012) at [53].

[note: 94]Plaintiff’s Submissions for Ancillary Matters (23 February 2012) at
[43].

[note: 95]Defendant’s Further Submissions for Ancillary Matters (30 April
2012) at [33] – [38].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

