Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Isabel Redrup Agency Pte Ltd _v_ A L Dakshnamoorthy and others and another
suit  
[2012] SGHCR 6

Case Number| :| Suit No 755 of 2011/C consolidated with Suit No 381 of 2011/A,
and Summons No 2294 of 2012/Q  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Amy Seow Wai Peng AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Vincent Yeoh (Malkin & Maxwell LLP) for the plaintiff in
S 755/2011 Adrian Tan and Aziah Hussin (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiffs
in S 381/2011; Ragbir Singh s/o Ram Singh Bajwa (Bajwa & Co.) for the 10th
defendant in S 755/2011 and the 11th defendant in S 381/2011.  
Parties| :|  Isabel Redrup Agency Pte Ltd — A L Dakshnamoorthy and others  
  
11 June 2012|  
---|---  
  
Amy Seow Wai Peng AR:

1 This interlocutory application arose out of a dispute that spanned two suits
which were subsequently consolidated. Mr Balour Singh (“Mr Singh”), who was
the 10th defendant in Suit No 755 of 2011 (“S 755/2011”) and the 11th
defendant in Suit No 381 of 2011 (“S 381/2011”), applied to strike out both
statements of claim insofar as they pertained to him, on the grounds that he
was not the proper defendant to both suits. On 1 June 2012 I dismissed his
application and now set out my grounds for so doing.

2 The first suit, S 755/2011, was referred to by the parties as the
“commission claim”; and the second suit, S 381/2011, as the “defamation
claim”. Both claims arose from the same set of facts – the sale and purchase
of nine residential properties located along Sophia Road (“the Sophia Road
properties”), completion of which took place in October 2011. In S 755/2011,
Isabel Redrup Agency Pte Ltd (“Isabel Redrup”) claimed that the defendants,
who were the owners of the Sophia Road properties, had breached an agreement
to pay it a commission for being the effective cause of the sale of the Sophia
Road properties. After the option to purchase the Sophia Road properties was
granted in February 2011, Isabel Redrup invoiced the owners of the Sophia Road
properties for commission purportedly due. The owners’ representative, one Mr
Simon Loh (“Mr Loh”), then allegedly made defamatory statements about Isabel
Redrup and its representative, one Ms Susan Eleanor Prior (“Ms Prior”), to the
media, the Council of Estate Agents, and to the police in the form of a police
report. The making of these statements was allegedly authorised by the owners
of the Sophia Road properties in a letter signed by the same. This was the
substrate of S 381/2011. The parties to S 381/2011 were the same as those in S
755/2011, save for the inclusion of Ms Prior as the second plaintiff to S
381/2011.

3 Mr Singh objected to his inclusion as a defendant in both suits. His
involvement in these proceedings stemmed from the fact that he was a trustee
of the Sikh Business Association (“the Association”), which was located at,
and held an interest in, a property known as 124 Sophia Road. This was one of
the Sophia Road properties that were the subject of the sale and purchase. In
respect of the commission claim, Mr Singh’s case was that he was merely a bare
trustee of the Association and could not be made to shoulder liability for
what was essentially a contract for commission allegedly entered into between
Isabel Redrup and the Association. In respect of the defamation claim, Mr
Singh’s case was that he had not signed the purported letter of authorisation.
There was a signature above his printed name on the letter, but he contended
that this signature was not his.

4 The parties did not dispute that the Association was an unincorporated
association. As the term “unincorporated association” suggests, such an entity
is an association of people that is not incorporated, and therefore does not
have a separate legal corpus. Such an entity has a separate existence from its
members, but it does not have its own legal personality separate from its
members. This unique set of characteristics necessitates a unique set of
mechanisms for the unincorporated association to hold land, enter into
contracts, and to be made a defendant to litigation. These mechanisms, and the
problems associated with their interplay, were thrown into sharp focus over
the course of these proceedings.

The commission claim

5 In support of the striking out application for the commission claim, counsel
for Mr Singh, Mr Bajwa, put forward two main arguments. Firstly, that the
contract appointing Isabel Redrup as the marketing agent for the Sophia Road
properties was made between Isabel Redrup and the Association, and Mr Singh
was not a party to this contract. Mr Bajwa referred to a letter dated 26
August 2009 from Mr Loh, on behalf of the owners of the Sophia Road
properties, to Isabel Redrup, appointing it as the sole and exclusive
marketing agent of the properties for six months with effect from 25 August
2009 (“the 26 August 2009 letter”). This letter listed under the heading “
_124 Sophia Road_ ” the Association’s name, not Mr Singh’s name, and
furthermore Mr Singh’s name did not appear anywhere on this letter. Secondly,
that Mr Singh was merely a bare trustee of 124 Sophia Road, and his powers did
not extend to entering into contracts or appointing agents. Therefore, Mr
Singh could not have entered into such a contract to appoint an agent in any
event.

6 The pith of Isabel Redrup’s case is that the defendants wrongfully did not
pay it a commission which was rightfully due. This obligation to pay a
commission must have emanated from an agreement to pay the same, made between
Isabel Redrup and the person on whose behalf it allegedly sold 124 Sophia Road
for. Who would this person be?

7 The statement of claim for S 755/2011 alleges that the agreement to pay
commission was made as a result of certain utterances, conduct, and/or writing
between the plaintiff’s representative, Ms Prior, and the defendants’
representative, Mr Loh. The letter of 26 August 2009 which Mr Bajwa had
referred to suggested that it was the Association which had entered into the
contract to appoint Isabel Redrup as the marketing agent for the Sophia Road
properties. It must be pointed out that the contract to appoint the marketing
agent and the contract to pay the marketing agent commission are distinct.
Counsel for the plaintiff in S 755/2011, Mr Vincent Yeoh (“Mr Yeoh”), sought
to draw the inference that the intention of the defendants, including Mr
Singh, was that they were to pay Isabel Redrup a commission upon the
successful sale of the Sophia Road properties. Mr Yeoh pointed to a draft
commission agreement and two draft options exhibited in Ms Prior’s affidavit,
all of which referred to Mr Singh as one of the vendors of the property; and
all of which indicated that the vendors were to pay the agent a commission.
But these documents were unsigned and undated, and the draft options were made
expressly subject to contract. It was thus difficult to draw the inference
which Mr Yeoh put forward, as there was no visible concurrence to this on the
part of the defendants. One of the draft options had been enclosed in an email
of 30 June 2010 from Mr Loh, as the defendants’ representative, to Isabel
Redrup. Even if this represented Mr Yeoh’s case at its highest, as evidence of
the defendants’ intentions, there was still no evidence that these intentions
had been consummated to form a contract.

8 The discussion in the preceding paragraph was not meant to pre-empt a
determination of the merits of this case, rather, it was necessary in order to
sift through the relevant documents for the purposes of this striking out
application. At the end, what remains is the letter of 26 August 2009
appointing Isabel Redrup as the marketing agent for the sale of the Sophia
Road properties. Although the appointment of an agent may not necessarily
entail the payment of a commission; had there been an agreement to pay
commission it must have been made between Isabel Redrup and the person
appointing the same, which this letter indicated to be the Association.

9 Turning to the alleged agreement to pay commission, one difficulty with Mr
Bajwa’s argument – that the Association, not Mr Singh, was party to this
agreement – is that the Association, as an unincorporated association, cannot
enter into contracts in its own name. As stated earlier at [4], unincorporated
associations do not have separate legal personality, and therefore they must
depend upon their members to enter into contracts on their behalf.

10 Another feature of unincorporated associations is that they cannot hold
property in their own right, and one mechanism for such associations to hold
property is to depend on a trustee to hold property on trust for their
benefit. Mr Singh was one of the trustees of the Association, and was involved
in the sale of 124 Sophia Road, which property was statutorily vested in Mr
Singh’s name jointly with another trustee of the Association. Mr Singh had
also signed the final option which effected the sale of 124 Sophia Road.

11 The high standard of a plain and obvious case necessary for a successful
striking out application was stated in _Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a
firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [18]. In order for
the statement of claim for S 755/2011 to be struck out insofar as Mr Singh is
concerned, it must be plain and obvious that he is not a proper defendant. To
test the strength of the arguments to strike out, it will be assumed for the
sake of argument that the alleged agreement to pay Isabel Redrup a commission
existed, and that it had been made by Mr Loh as a representative of _inter
alia_ , Mr Singh. Given the extent of Mr Singh’s involvement in the sale of
124 Sophia Road, it would not be a stretch to infer that had there been such
an agreement, it would have been made on his behalf. These assumptions do not
pre-determine the issue of whether Mr Singh was the proper defendant, since Mr
Singh would presumably have in turn been acting on behalf of the Association
in entering into the commission agreement. The question remains as to whether
Mr Singh in so doing could be held personally liable, or whether the
Association should be the proper named defendant.

12 This question of law is not one to which there is an easy answer. On the
one hand, since unincorporated associations depend on their members to enter
into contracts on their behalf, _vis_ -à-_vis_ the contracting third party,
the contracting party is the member, not the association. One question that
lingers is whether it remains unfair for the contracting member to bear
contractual liability for what are essentially the affairs of the association,
although this concern is ameliorated by the possibility of the contracting
member seeking indemnification from the association.

13 On the other hand, as Mr Bajwa had pointed out, s 35(b) of the Societies
Act (Cap 311, 1985 Rev Ed) states that every society registered under the
Societies Act may sue or be sued in its own name. Mr Yeoh did not dispute that
the Association was so registered, and the constitutional documents of the
Association made reference to such registration. Pursuant to s 35(d) of the
Societies Act, it seems that any judgment entered into against a society in
its own name will be satisfied out of the property of the society. Yet, it
must be emphasised that every society _may_ be sued in its own name, and
therefore s 35(b) is a permissive, rather than a mandatory provision,
statutorily permitting some form of legal standing for societies in respect of
litigation. The section does not discount the possibility of individual
members facing suit as a result of acts undertaken on behalf of the society.

14 The position in Singapore on this question of law does not seem to be
settled, and there are a sufficient number of authorities from the
Commonwealth that point in either direction. Another issue to consider is
whether, if the Association cannot enter into contracts in its own right, what
would it mean to say that the Association could be sued in its own name, and
thus potentially be made liable in its own name on those contracts?

15 Turning to Mr Bajwa’s second submission, that Mr Singh was merely a bare
trustee and was therefore not empowered to enter into contracts or effect a
sale of 124 Sophia Road, I agreed with Mr Yeoh’s submission that this was
really a matter between Mr Singh and the members of the Association. In my
view, this would go to whether Mr Singh had exceeded his powers as a trustee
in any way and whether he could receive indemnification from the Association
for any contractual liability he would have to bear. This was not an issue
which concerned Isabel Redrup.

16 In any event, the fact that the discussion above (at [12]–[15]) was
necessary shows that the question as to whether Mr Singh is a proper defendant
is not one to which there is a plain and obvious answer, and therefore the
application in respect of S 755/2011 is dismissed.

The defamation claim

17 I move on to S 381/2011, or what was termed the defamation claim. Mr Bajwa
pointed to an undated letter which purported to authorise the making of those
allegedly defamatory statements by Mr Loh. This letter was allegedly signed by
the “vendors” of the Sophia Road properties, which signatures appeared above
the names of the vendors listed in the letter. Mr Singh’s name was among the
names of the vendors listed, and there was a signature above his name.
However, Mr Bajwa claimed that this signature was not that of Mr Singh,
rather, it was that of the vice president of the Association; and Mr Singh
therefore could not be taken to have authorised those allegedly defamatory
statements.

18 The question therefore is whether it is plain and obvious that Mr Singh did
not so authorise. As Mr Adrian Tan, counsel for the plaintiffs in S 381/2011
pointed out, this does not turn on Mr Singh’s powers or capacity as a trustee
of the Association. If it is established that Mr Singh had indeed authorised
those statements, he could be personally liable whether he was acting on his
own behalf or on behalf of the Association.

19 I was not of the opinion that it was so plain and obvious. Mr Singh’s name
did appear on the alleged letter of authorisation, and there is a signature
above it. Mr Bajwa’s submissions essentially amount to an allegation of fraud
or impersonation. This allegation was not plainly or obviously made out before
me, and in all likelihood substantial disputes of fact would be involved in
such allegations. These would not be suitable for determination at the
striking out stage.

Conclusion

20 For the reasons enumerated above, the striking out application was
dismissed in its entirety, with costs of $3,500 awarded to each of the sets of
lawyers for the plaintiffs in the respective suits.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

