Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Invenpro (M) Sdn Bhd _v_ JCS Automation Pte Ltd and another  
[2012] SGHCR 19

Case Number| :| Suit No 525 of 2009 (Summons No 5379 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 December 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kevin Tan Eu Shan AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Low Wei Ling and Kelly Chan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
plaintiff; Low Chai Chong, Alvin Lim, Sandeep Menon and Vernon Chua (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Invenpro (M) Sdn Bhd — JCS Automation Pte Ltd and another  
  
12 December 2012| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Kevin Tan Eu Shan AR:

Introduction

1 This is an application by the Plaintiff, Invenpro (M) Sdn Bhd, for
electronic discovery (“e-discovery”) under Part IVA of the Supreme Court
Practice Directions (“the e-discovery PD”). The application was opposed by the
Defendants, JCS Automation Pte Ltd and JCS-Echigo Pte Ltd.

Facts relevant to the application

Background facts

2 The Plaintiff, a Malaysian company, manufactures batch scrubber machines
that clean hard disk platters (“Invenpro Batch Scrubbers”). The Defendants are
Singapore companies that are in direct competition with the Plaintiff.

3 On 1 January 2003, the Plaintiff entered into a Non-Disclosure Agreement
(“the NDA”) with Komag USA (M) Sdn Bhd, which was subsequently acquired by
Western Digital Corporation (“WDC”). Under the NDA, the Plaintiff agreed to
supply the Invenpro Batch Scrubbers to WDC. The NDA provided for mutual
obligations of confidentiality in exchange for the passing of technology and
designs between the parties.

4 The Plaintiff’s case is that on or about October 2008, the 1st and/or the
2nd Defendants obtained confidential information from WDC relating to the
design and manufacture of the Invenpro Batch Scrubbers (“the confidential
information”). It alleges that the Defendants used some or all of the
confidential information in designing and manufacturing their own batch
scrubbers, which were sold to WDC. The Plaintiff also alleges that the
Defendants used the confidential information to make presentations to Seagate
Technology International and/or its associated companies (collectively
“Seagate”). Allegedly infringing batch scrubbers were sold by the Defendants
to Seagate as well.

5 The Defendants’ position is that they have neither received the confidential
information from WDC nor utilised the said information for the purpose of
manufacturing their own batch scrubbers.

History of proceedings relevant to the present application

6 On 21 February 2012 and 22 March 2012, the Plaintiff obtained certain
discovery orders from an Assistant Registrar and a Judge respectively. These
orders were related to Development and Operating documents of the Defendants’
batch scrubber machines that were sold to and/or delivered to WDC and Seagate
(“the Discovery Orders”). In the Discovery Orders, the definitions of the
documents were as follows:

“Development Documents” shall mean all correspondence, emails, internal memos,
sketches, design drawings publications, manuals (external or otherwise),
photographs, blue prints, or evidence thereof related to, relied upon,
referred to, and/or used in, the design, development, and/or manufacture of
the batch scrubber machines or devices or modules (where applicable);

“Operating Documents” shall mean all records and documents related to the
product history of the batch scrubber machines or devices or modules (where
applicable) which would show _inter alia_ all upgrades, retrofits, software
changes, hardware changes, mechanical changes, functionality changes etc.
These said records and documents would include without limitation, the product
manuals (provided at about the time of manufacture/delivery), service and
maintenance records, upgrade reports (collectively “the Operating Documents”).

In compliance with the Discovery Orders, the Defendant filed their
supplementary list of documents on 12 April 2012.

7 The Plaintiff asserted that the documents disclosed by the Defendants in
their supplementary list of documents appeared to be sales documents, which do
not fall within the ambit of the Discovery Orders. In view of the Defendants’
purported non-compliance with the Discovery Orders, the Plaintiff took out the
present application for e-discovery on 18 October 2012. This involves, _inter
alia_ , running a search of 75 keywords through the electronic databases of at
least 14 of the Defendants’ employees.

Issue in the application

8 At the hearing before me, the Plaintiff’s counsel, Ms Low Wei Ling,
confirmed that she had taken out this application in order to obtain what had
already been ordered in the Discovery Orders. Thus, the issue is whether I
should allow the Plaintiff’s application for e-discovery for the sole purpose
of enforcing the Discovery Orders.

Submissions of parties

9 The Plaintiff asserts that e-discovery can be used to enforce non-compliance
with the Discovery Orders. It relies on O 24 r 16(1) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 224, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules”), which provides as follows:

If any party who is required by any Rule in this Order, or by any order made
thereunder, to make discovery of documents or to produce any document for the
purpose of inspection or any other purpose, fails to comply with any provision
of the Rules in this Order, or with any order made thereunder, or both, as the
case may be, then, without prejudice to Rule 11 (1), in the case of a failure
to comply with any such provision, _the Court may make such order as it thinks
just_ including, in particular, an order that the action be dismissed or, as
the case may be, an order that the defence be struck out and judgment be
entered accordingly.

[emphasis added]

It submits that as the Defendants have not fully disclosed their Development
and Operating documents, an e-discovery order to enable it to obtain the said
documents would be “just” in the circumstances.

10 The Defendants argue that while a literal reading of O 24 r 16 suggests
that the court has broad powers to make orders regarding non-compliance of
one’s discovery obligations, e-discovery should be used only when it is
proportionate and economical to do so and not as a method of enforcing
compliance with discovery orders.

My decision

11 Admittedly, O 24 r 16 confers a wide discretion on the court to make any
order that is “just” if a party defaults in its discovery obligations.
However, there is no justification for the court to use e-discovery purely as
an enforcement mechanism when there is an allegation that a discovery order
has not been complied with.

12 The _raison d’être_ of e-discovery is to provide an efficient and cost-
effective method of conducting discovery, particularly where documents are
voluminous and in electronic form. In _Sanae_ _Achar_ _v Sci-Gen Ltd_ [2011] 3
SLR 967, Lee Seiu Kin J observed (at [13] and [14]):

13 With technology fuelling an unprecedented explosion of the volume of
discoverable documents and the ease of their duplication, it is not surprising
that the traditional manner in which discovery has been carried out is proving
increasingly inefficient in achieving the purposes for which the discovery
process was developed.

14 One way to cope with the burgeoning volume of discoverable documents is to
rely on technology itself. Technology has thrown up countless tools which make
editing, copying, reviewing and searching through the textual content of
documents considerably less cumbersome than before. For example, parties need
not manually trawl through heaps of printed documents in order to identify
relevant documents and weed out irrelevant ones. Running simple keyword
searches using easy-to-use desktop search engines would suffice. It is also
easier to manage and organise electronically stored documents, especially
where printed copies of such documents run into tomes and cartons. The
e-Discovery PD recognises the tremendous potential of technology in
modernising the discovery process. Thus, it encourages the exchange and supply
of copies of discoverable electronic documents in soft copy by creating a
framework for the inspection and discovery of electronically stored documents
within boundaries established by existing legal principles. In supplementing
the traditional tests for whether applications for discovery of documents
should be granted (the applicable tests remain that of relevancy and necessity
either for the fair disposal of the matter or for saving costs) _vis-à-vis_
electronically stored documents, the e-Discovery PD identifies specific
factors which are to be considered ... These factors were principally adapted
from the UK Practice Direction Part 31B on "Disclosure of Electronic
Documents". At the same time, the e-Discovery PD also acknowledges that the
costs of e-discovery could potentially be disproportionate to the value of the
claims and the significance of the issues in dispute. Accordingly, the
e-Discovery PD also introduced mechanisms in anticipation of this problem. For
instance, the e-Discovery PD contemplates the conduct of general discovery in
stages - see para 43B of the e-Discovery PD and also _Goodale v The Ministry
of Justice_ [2010] EWHC B40 (QB), at [22]-[23]. It also sets out rules which
require limits to be imposed on the scope of requests for discovery by keyword
searches. The factors listed at para 43D of the e-Discovery PD were also
introduced to keep costs within reasonable limits.

13 In addition, it must be borne in mind that proportionality is a key concern
in e-discovery. Paragraph 43A (1) of the e-discovery PD states that
e-discovery “provides a framework for proportionate and economical discovery,
inspection and supply of electronic copies of electronically stored
documents”. In _Breezeway Overseas Ltd v UBS AG_ [2012] SGHC 41, SAR Yeong Zee
Kin stated (at [16]):

An order for discovery in stages has to be tailored to the facts of each case,
the issues in dispute and the custodians involved. Crucially, the extent of
the order must be _proportionate_ to the amounts at stake and the significance
of the issues in dispute. Ultimately, the order is calculated to enable the
cost-effective management of the discovery stage of the proceedings.

[emphasis added]

14 When the question of discovery first arose, the Plaintiff could have, but
_did not_ apply for e-discovery on the basis that it is a proportionate and
cost-effective means to obtain discovery _._ Instead, having opted for the
traditional mode for discovery of documents, it now seeks e-discovery of the
same documents which the Defendants have already been ordered to produce
because it believes that the Defendants have not fully complied with the
Discovery Orders. This cannot be countenanced. As Professor Jeffrey Pinsler
explains in _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler, gen ed)
(LexisNexis, 2009) at para 24/5/8: “Further discovery will not be allowed if
the process is used merely to find out whether there has been full compliance
with the rules [_Berkeley Administration v McClelland_ [1990] FSR 381 (“
_Berkeley”_)]”.

15 In my view, the Plaintiff’s basis for applying for e-discovery is
misconceived. The Plaintiff appears to be using e-discovery as a “final sweep”
of the evidence to ensure that all of the Defendants’ Development and
Operating documents have been disclosed. If e-discovery can be used to enforce
discovery orders, parties who suspect that their opponents have not fully
complied with their discovery obligations would invariably want to rely on
e-discovery in addition to traditional discovery to assure themselves that all
documents have been disclosed. This is contrary to the spirit of e-discovery.
It is worth noting that in _Digicel (St Lucia) Limited and ors v Cable &
Wireless plc and ors_ [2008] EWHC 2522 (Ch) (“ _Digicel_ ”), Morgan J stressed
(at [46]):

…it must be remembered that what is generally required by an order for
standard disclosure is a “reasonable search” for relevant documents. _Thus,
the rules do not require that no stone should be left unturned. This may mean
that a relevant document, even “a smoking gun” is not found._ This point is
well made by Jacob LJ in _Nichia Corporation v Argos Limited_ [2007] EWCA Civ
741 at [50] to [52]. [emphasis added]

16 It cannot be overemphasised that the framework of the discovery process is
set out in the Rules. The e-discovery PD is meant only to _supplement_ the
discovery framework established by the Rules and _not change the law on
discovery_ by adding an enforcement mechanism with regard to discovery orders.
In _Breezeway Overseas Ltd and another v UBS AG and others_ [2012] SGHC 170,
Lee Seiu Kin J clarified (at [22]):

In this connexion, the Supreme Court Practice Direction No 3 of 2009 (“the
e-discovery PD”), recently amended on 1 March 2012, **_attempts to supplement
the traditional tests of relevancy and necessity_** (see _Sanae_ _Achar_ at
[10]). It works within the framework of traditional discovery, seeking a
pragmatic compromise between the obligation to give discovery of all relevant
documents and the potentially prohibitive costs of identifying those documents
by way of ocular review**... It should be emphasised that the e-discovery PD
does** _not_**set out to change the law on discovery** (see _Deutsche Bank AG
v Chang Tse Wen and others_ [2010] SGHC 125 at [14]); _a fortiori_ , it does
not aim to resolve the problems associated with traditional principles of
discovery.

[emphasis added in bold italics, emphasis in italics in original]

17 As for the Rules, the starting point is that an affidavit filed under O 24
r 5 is conclusive at the interlocutory stage. In _Singapore Civil Procedure
2007_ (G P Selvam, gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia 2007), the learned authors
observe at para 24/5/1:

... It was well-established... that statements in a party’s affidavit of
documents are conclusive, for example, on the question whether he has or has
had any documents other than those disclosed... Thus where an affidavit or
affirmation is made pursuant to an order under O 24 r 5, the other party is
not entitled to contravene what is sworn or affirmed therein by a further
contentious affidavit or by obtaining an order to cross-examine that party
since the latter’s oath/affirmation in answer is conclusive at an
interlocutory stage of the action.

The position is subject to two qualifications. First, a party was and is
entitled to apply for a further and better list, where it appears on the face
of the list already served (e.g. where a plea of privilege is taken on grounds
inadmissible in law) or on the face of disclosed documents (_e.g._ letters
referring to other letters) or an admission that in all probability the party
has or has had other relevant documents beyond those disclosed.

The second (and more important) qualification is that under the present rule
an application may be made for an affidavit as to specific documents or
classes of documents. This must be supported by an affidavit stating that in
the belief of the deponent the other party has or has had certain specific
documents which relate to a matter in question. But this is not sufficient
unless a _prima facie_ case is made out for (1) possession, custody or power,
and (2) relevance of the specified documents (_Astra National Productions Ltd
v Neo Art Productions Ltd_ [1928] WN 218). ...

18 In the present case, the Plaintiff did not apply for a further and better
list or for a further affidavit for specific documents or classes of
documents. In view of this, the affidavit dated 12 April 2012 that was filed
on behalf of the Defendants to the effect that all relevant documents pursuant
to the Discovery Orders had been disclosed is, without more, the end of the
matter at this stage. Under these circumstances, the Plaintiff should wait
until the trial to cross-examine the Defendants’ witnesses on whether there
are relevant documents that have not been disclosed. In _Berkeley_ , the court
stated at 383:

...it is not a purpose of discovery to give the opposing party the opportunity
to check up on whether the discovery has been properly carried out. If they do
not believe the deponent they should call for him to appear and be cross-
examined on his oath. Alternatively, if they wish to do so, t _hey may seek
the opportunity at the trial to explor_ e the matter further...

[emphasis added]

19 Furthermore, it is pertinent to note that the Rules provide recourse to a
party who believes that its opponent has not complied with discovery
obligations. For instance, the Plaintiff may apply for an unless order to
require the Defendants to comply with the Discovery Orders, failing which
their defence will be struck out: see _Lee Chang-Rung and others v Standard
Chartered Bank_ [2011] 1 SLR 337. In short, the Plaintiff should consider the
established ways to enforce compliance with the Discovery Orders against the
Defendants rather than make the present application for e-discovery.

20 Finally, the Plaintiff’s reliance on _Digicel_ to support its argument that
a court can grant further discovery if inadequate discovery had previously
been given is misplaced. In that case, in the initial round of discovery, the
defendants unilaterally chose their own keywords and conducted a search of
their electronic documents. The claimants were dissatisfied with the
defendants’ search and sought an order that the latter carry out a further
search with reference to the former’s set of keywords. The Court held that the
defendants had failed to carry out a “reasonable search” under s 31.7 of the
Civil Procedure Rules (SI 1198 No 3132) (UK) in their initial search and
ordered them to conduct a further search with reference to an expanded list of
keywords. As _Digicel_ does not deal with the question of _enforcement_ of a
discovery order that has already been made, it does not assist the Plaintiff
in the present application.

Conclusion

21 For the reasons stated, I do not accept that Plaintiff’s argument that
e-discovery is appropriate in the present case to enforce compliance with the
Discovery Orders. I thus dismiss the Plaintiff’s application and will hear the
parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Dec 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

