Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ho Sheng Yu Garreth _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2012] SGHC 19

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 88 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S K Kumar (S Kumar Law Practice LLP) for the appellant;
Edwin San (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent; Kenneth Lim Tao
Chung as amicus curiae.  
Parties| :|  Ho Sheng Yu Garreth — Public Prosecutor  
  
30 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 The appellant, Mr Ho Sheng Yu Garreth (“the Appellant”), a 39-year-old male
Singaporean, faced 18 charges in the District Court of engaging in a
conspiracy to carry on the business of moneylending without a licence. On 29
December 2010, he pleaded guilty to six charges and agreed to the remaining 12
charges being taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. The six
charges which he pleaded guilty to were offences under s 14(1) of the
Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the MLA 2010”), and were punishable
under the same section as well as under s 14(1A), both read with s 109 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”). In particular, the six
charges, according to the amended Statement of Facts dated 29 December 2010
(“the Statement of Facts”), expressly stated that the Appellant had “abetted
[Ku Teck Eng] and [Lee Kim Hock] by engaging in a conspiracy with them to
carry on the business of [unlicensed] moneylending”.[note: 1] The Appellant
was convicted accordingly.

2 This was the second time that the Appellant was convicted of unlicensed
moneylending. On 29 December 2008, the Appellant had been convicted of two
charges of unlicensed moneylending under s 8(1)(_b_) of the Moneylenders Act
(Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the MLA 1985”), punishable under s 8(1)(i) of the MLA
1985 read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985
revised edition of the Penal Code”). It should be noted that the MLA 1985 was
later repealed and re-enacted as the Moneylenders Act 2008 (Act 31 of 2008)
(“the MLA 2008”), which was in turn amended to become the MLA 2010.

3 In view of the Appellant’s previous moneylending offences, the Prosecution
submitted that he was a repeat offender and was thus subject to the enhanced
penalties (relating to fines and imprisonment) under s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the
MLA 2010 (see _Public Prosecutor v Ho Sheng Yu Garreth_ [2011] SGDC 125 (“the
GD”) at [3]). The Prosecution, however, stopped short of seeking an enhanced
sentence in respect of caning, which was available under s 14(1A)(_b_) of the
MLA 2010.[note: 2] The District Judge (“the DJ”) accepted the Prosecution’s
submission that the Appellant was a repeat offender for the purposes of s
14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 and accordingly meted out a total sentence of
60 months’ imprisonment, six strokes of the cane and a fine of $480,000 (in
default, 24 months’ imprisonment) (see the GD at [8]). Dissatisfied with the
DJ’s decision on sentencing, the Appellant initiated this appeal against his
sentence.

4 At the hearing of the appeal, the preliminary issue (which was also the
central issue) was whether the Appellant was liable for enhanced punishment
under s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 owing to his prior convictions under s
8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985. I decided that issue in the affirmative and did not
disturb the custodial sentence imposed by the DJ. Nonetheless, I also thought
it appropriate to halve the Appellant’s sentences in respect of the fines and
the caning as I considered the lower court’s sentences manifestly excessive in
the prevailing circumstances. I now give the detailed reasons for my decision.
As these grounds are fairly lengthy, for ease of reference, I set out here an
outline of the scheme adopted herein:

(1) Background facts (see [5]–[9] below)

a) The present convictions (see [10]–[13] below)

b) The previous convictions (see [14]–[15] below)

(2) The decision below (see [16]–[20] below)

(3) The preliminary issue (see [21] below)

a) The statutory provisions (see [22]–[25] below)

b) The Appellant’s submissions (see [26]–[29] below)

c) The Prosecution’s submissions (see [30]–[33] below)

d) The interpretational issues (see [34] below)

e) Determination of the interpretational issues (see [35] below)

i. Whether the repeal of s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985, in and of itself, meant
that convictions made under it could not be taken into account as prior
offences for the purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 (see [36]–[42]
below)

ii. Whether s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 ought to be construed to take
into account convictions under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 as prior offences

1\. An issue of construction (see [43]–[45] below)

2\. Whether the offences of carrying on the business of unlicensed
moneylending and assisting in the same under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 are the
same in the context of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 (see [46]–[54] below)

a. Purposive interpretation as the cornerstone of statutory interpretation
(see [55]–[57] below)

b. Legislative history of the offence of unlicensed moneylending (see
[58]–[68] below)

c. The offences of carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending and
assisting in the same under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 are the same in the
context of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 (see [69]–[73] below)

3\. Whether the moneylending offences under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 are
the same as the offences described by s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 (see [74] below)

a. Different penalties for first offenders (see [75]–[87] below)

b. Different wording and structure (see [88]–[98] below)

4\. Whether Parliament intended that convictions for moneylending offences
under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 should count as prior convictions for the
purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010

a. Absence of transitional and savings provisions (see [99]–[101] below)

b. To ignore prior convictions for unlicensed moneylending (and the abetting
by intentional aiding thereof) under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 would defeat
the legislative intention (see [102]–[103] below)

c. The Registration of Criminals Act (Cap 268, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the ROCA”) (see
[104] below)

iii. Whether treating the Appellant’s present offences as repeat offences
under the MLA 2010 would contravene Art 11(1) of the Constitution of the
Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the Constitution”) (see
[105]–[112] below)

iv. Summary and determination of the preliminary issue (see [113]–[120] below)

(4) Reduction of the Appellant’s sentence in respect of fines and caning (see
[121] below)

a) Fines (see [122]–[131] below)

b) Caning (see [132]–[134] below)

c) Imprisonment (see [135]–[136] below)

(5) Observation (see [137]–[138] below)

(6) Conclusion (see [139] below)

Background facts

5 The Appellant was arrested on 4 September 2010 at the void deck of Block 624
Yishun Ring Road. With him were three accomplices: Ku Teck Eng (“B2”), Lee Kim
Hock (“B3”) and Tan Cheng Huat Melvin (“B4”). Each of the accomplices was
prosecuted in separate criminal proceedings. As those proceedings have no
direct relevance to this appeal, I shall not elaborate upon them.

6 The facts of the case admitted to by the Appellant are contained in the
Statement of Facts tendered in the District Court proceedings below. According
to the Statement of Facts, B2 and B3 started an unlicensed moneylending
business together in or around September 2009. It was agreed between them that
B3 was to provide a capital sum of $20,000 to finance the business, which was
to be run by B2.

7 Sometime in November 2009, B2 recruited B4 to assist in the unlicensed
moneylending business in return for 30% of the profits made from the business
(the remaining 70% of the profits were to be split equally between B2 and B3).
B4’s role was to canvass for borrowers and to issue loans to them at an
interest rate of 20%. In order to keep track of their dealings, B2 and B4 each
maintained a set of identical records comprising the debtors’ particulars,
details of the loans issued and the repayments received. B2 and B4 met up once
in two days to compare and update their respective records. Once a week, B3
met B2 to inspect the records so as to be kept abreast of the profits made.

8 It was only later in April 2010 that the Appellant came into the picture. He
was introduced by B4 to B2, who learnt that the Appellant was working as a
runner for an unlicensed moneylender known as “Sam”. Subsequently, in around
July 2010, B2 discovered that B4 had been dishonestly using fictitious
particulars to siphon money away from the unlicensed moneylending business. As
a result, B2 recruited the Appellant to take B4’s place in around August 2010
on terms that the Appellant would receive 30% of the profits made from the
business. Accordingly, the Appellant assumed B4’s role of canvassing for
borrowers, issuing loans at the interest rate of 20% as well as collecting
repayments from debtors. The Appellant also took over the records maintained
by B4 and ceased working for “Sam”. Significantly, the Appellant was later
introduced by B2 to B3 as a new partner in their unlicensed moneylending
business.

9 At the point of the Appellant’s arrest, the amount of loans in circulation
was estimated to be around $41,000, with a pool of about 45 debtors. This sum
of money represented the profits made from the unlicensed moneylending
business. By the time B4 left the unlicensed moneylending business, he had
collected about $5,000 as his share of the profits. B2 collected a sum of
about $5,000 as his share. B3 recovered his capital sum of $20,000 sometime in
May 2010 and made a profit of about $12,000 from the unlicensed moneylending
business. As for the Appellant, he received just $600 as his share of the
profits (see [124] below).

The present convictions

10 Of the six charges which the Appellant pleaded guilty to, three (_viz_ ,
the first, second and fifth charges) were for issuing loans in furtherance of
a conspiracy to carry on the business of unlicensed moneylending, and three
(_viz_ , the eighth, eleventh and twelfth charges) were for collecting
repayments in consequence of that conspiracy. The first charge (for issuing a
loan in furtherance of a conspiracy to carry on the business of unlicensed
moneylending) read as follows:[note: 3]

You,

[the Appellant]

…

are charged that you, between July 2010 to August 2010, did abet by engaging
in a conspiracy with [B2] and [B3], for the doing of a thing, to wit, to carry
on the business of moneylending under the alias of ‘Jeff’, without holding a
licence, and in pursuance of that conspiracy and in order to the doing of that
thing, an act took place on the 27th day of August 2010, at the void deck of
Block 846 Yishun Ring Road, Singapore, where you issued a loan of S$1000/- to
one Pang Khia Chuan at an interest rate of 20% repayable over eight
consecutive weeks, when all of you are not excluded moneylenders or exempt
moneylenders or authorised to do so by licence, which offence under Section
5(1) of the Moneylenders Act (Revised Edition 2010), Chapter 188 [_viz_ , the
MLA 2010] was committed in consequence of that conspiracy, and you have
thereby committed an offence under Section 14(1)(b)(i) and Section 14(1A)(a)
of the said Act read with Section 109 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

And further, prior to the commission of the said offence, on the 29th day of
December 2008, [you] had been convicted in Subordinate Court No. 2, of an
offence under Section 8(1)(b)(i) of the Moneylenders Act, Chapter 188 [_viz_ ,
the MLA 1985] read with Section 109 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224 [_viz_ ,
the 1985 revised edition of the Penal Code] and sentenced to 5 months’
imprisonment, which conviction has not been set aside, and you are thereby
liable for enhanced punishment under Section 14(1)(b)(ii) and Section
14(1A)(a) of the Moneylenders Act (Revised Edition 2010).

The second and fifth charges were identically worded save for differences
immaterial to the present appeal, such as in the Appellant’s aliases, the
locations at which the loans were issued and the names of the borrowers
specified.

11 The eighth charge (for collecting repayment of a loan in consequence of a
conspiracy to carry on the business of unlicensed moneylending) read as
follows:[note: 4]

You,

[the Appellant]

…

are charged that you, between July 2010 to August 2010, did abet by engaging
in a conspiracy with [B2] and [B3], for the doing of a thing, to wit, to carry
on the business of moneylending under the alias of ‘Jack’, without holding a
licence, and in pursuance of that conspiracy and in order to the doing of that
thing, an act took place on the 23rd day of August 2010, at the vicinity of
Block 85 Bedok North, Singapore, where you collected repayment of a sum of
$400/- from one Ho Chi Wei, pertaining to a loan of $2,000/- issued at an
interest rate of 20%, when all of you are not excluded moneylenders or exempt
moneylenders or authorised to do so by licence, which offence under Section
5(1) of the Moneylenders Act (Revised Edition 2010), Chapter 188 [_viz_ , the
MLA 2010] was committed in consequence of that conspiracy, and you have
thereby committed an offence under Section 14(1)(b)(i) and Section 14(1A)(a)
of the said Act read with Section 109 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

And further, prior to the commission of the said offence, on the 29th day of
December 2008, [you] had been convicted in Subordinate Court No. 2, of an
offence under Section 8(1)(b)(i) of the Moneylenders Act, Chapter 188 [_viz_ ,
the MLA 1985] read with Section 109 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224 [_viz_ ,
the 1985 revised edition of the Penal Code] and sentenced to 5 months[’]
imprisonment, which conviction has not been set aside, and you are thereby
liable for enhanced punishment under Section 14(1)(b)(ii) and Section
14(1A)(a) of the Moneylenders Act (Revised Edition 2010).

12 Again, the eleventh and twelfth charges were identically worded save for
differences that were immaterial to the present appeal, such as in the
Appellant’s aliases, the sums of money collected, the locations at which the
collections took place and the names of the borrowers specified.

13 As can be seen, all the present charges referred to the Appellant’s
previous convictions for unlicensed moneylending under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA
1985 on 29 December 2008.

The previous convictions

14 The record showed that the Appellant had previously been convicted of two
charges of abetting (by intentionally aiding) an offence under s 8(1)(_b_) of
the MLA 1985 (specifically, the offence of carrying on an unlicensed
moneylending business) by handing over sums of money to a runner for an
unlicensed moneylending syndicate. The two charges of which the Appellant was
convicted were identically worded save for the locations where the offences
were committed and the sums of money handed over. I set the first of these
charges out in full as follows: [note: 5]

You,

[the Appellant]

…

are charged that you, sometime in mid of Nov 2008, at the vicinity of Sengkang
near to Shell petrol [k]iosk, Singapore, did abet an unlicensed moneylending
syndicate, under the alias of “Ah Boon”, to carry out a moneylending business
without holding a licence to carry out such business, in that you
intentionally aided the said syndicate, to wit, by handing over a sum of
$1050/- to Tan Ming Hong who is a runner working for the said syndicate, which
offence was committed in consequence of your abetment, and you have thereby
committed an offence contrary to Section 8(1)(b) and punishable under Section
8(1) of the Moneylenders Act, Chapter 188 [_viz_ , the MLA 1985] read with
Section 109 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224 [_viz_ , the 1985 revised edition
of the Penal Code].

15 The Appellant was sentenced to five months’ imprisonment for each of the
two previous charges, with the imprisonment terms ordered to be served
concurrently.[note: 6]

The decision below

16 In sentencing the Appellant, the DJ agreed with the Prosecution that a
deterrent sentence was called for because the Appellant was carrying on an
illegal moneylending business for profit (see the GD at [5]). He noted further
that this was a “highly organised syndicated illegal moneylending operation
which charged [a] very high interest rate to the debtors” (see the GD at
[7(e)]). Although the DJ considered the Appellant’s mitigation plea and his
prompt plea of guilt, he observed that in cases of illegal moneylending, the
overriding principle of sentencing was “clearly based on deterrence” (see the
GD at [7(a)]).

17 The DJ also took into account the prevalence of illegal moneylending
activities in Singapore in recent times (see the GD at [7(b)]). In addition,
he considered that these activities, which were generally well planned and
difficult to detect (see the GD at [7(c)]), affected public safety and caused
public fear and disquiet (see the GD at [7(d)]).

18 The DJ further referred to the parliamentary debates on 21 November 2005
during the second reading of the Moneylenders (Amendment) Bill 2005 (Bill 28
of 2005), observing that Parliament had “clearly stated its zero tolerance
policy against illegal moneylending activities” (see the GD at [7(f)]).

19 Considering all the circumstances, the DJ was of the view that a clear
message must be sent to illegal moneylending business operators that a
deterrent sentence would be imposed for moneylending offences. He further
stated that the sentence in the Appellant’s case must deter both the offender
(_ie_ , the Appellant) and potential offenders. The DJ also made clear his
awareness that any deterrent sentence must be tempered by proportionality in
relation to the severity of the offence as well as the offender’s culpability
(see the GD at [8]).

20 Accordingly, the DJ sentenced the Appellant to a fine of $80,000 (in
default, four months’ imprisonment), 20 months’ imprisonment and one stroke of
the cane for each of the six charges proceeded on. The imprisonment sentences
for three of the charges were ordered to run consecutively, giving a total
sentence of 60 months’ imprisonment, a fine of $480,000 (in default, 24
months’ imprisonment) and six strokes of the cane (see the GD at [8]).

The preliminary issue

21 The central plank of the Appellant’s submissions was an imaginative
argument that he was a first offender under the MLA 2010 and should not be
liable for enhanced punishment under s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010. This in
turn raised the issue of whether the Appellant was liable for enhanced
punishment under s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 on account of his previous
convictions under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985. I dealt with this as a
preliminary issue because had the Appellant succeeded on this front, then the
maximum imprisonment sentence for his offences would have been four years (see
s 14(1)(_b_)(i) of the MLA 2010) instead of seven years (see s 14(1)(_b_)(ii)
of the MLA 2010). That, in itself, would have been a _prima facie_
justification to recalibrate his custodial sentence downwards significantly.
Therefore, I thought it sensible to first determine the applicable maximum
imprisonment sentence for the Appellant’s offences before considering the
remainder of the submissions on his behalf, which went towards determining an
appropriate total sentence in his case.

The statutory provisions

22 Before going further, it is necessary to set out the relevant statutory
provisions. As mentioned earlier, the Appellant was previously convicted under
s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985, and was punished under s 8(1)(i) of the MLA 1985
read with s 109 of the 1985 revised edition of the Penal Code. Section 8(1) of
the MLA 1985 (as it stood when the Appellant committed his earlier
moneylending offences in November 2008)[note: 7] was worded as follows:

**Offences**

**8.—(1**) If any person —

(_a_) takes out a licence in any name other than his true name;

(_b_) carries on business as a moneylender without holding a licence or, being
licensed as a moneylender, carries on business as such in any name other than
his authorised name or at any place other than his authorised address or
addresses; or

(_c_) in the course of business as a moneylender enters as principal or agent
into any agreement with respect to any advance or repayment of money or takes
any security for money otherwise than in his authorised name,

he shall be guilty of an offence and —

(i) in the case of a first offence, shall be liable on conviction to a fine of
not less than $20,000 and not more than $200,000 or to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding 2 years or to both;

(ii) in the case of a second or subsequent offence, shall be liable on
conviction to a fine of not less than $20,000 and not more than $200,000 and
shall also be punished with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years; and

(iii) in the case of an offender being a company, shall be liable on
conviction to a fine of not less than $40,000 and not more than $400,000:

Provided that a moneylender who is not, or in the case of a firm none of the
partners of which are, ordinarily resident in Singapore may without being
guilty thereby of an offence carry on business in Singapore without holding a
licence if he carries on the business solely through an agent duly licensed
under this Act to carry on such business in Singapore under the name of that
moneylender.

23 In contrast, the present appeal concerned the Appellant’s more recent
conduct in contravention of s 5(1) of the MLA 2010, which constituted offences
(and were thus punishable) under ss 14(1) and 14(1A) of the MLA 2010 read with
s 109 of the Penal Code. The relevant provisions of the MLA 2010, as they
stood at the time of the Appellant’s present offences, are as follows:

**No moneylending except under licence, etc.**

**5.—(1**) No person shall carry on or hold himself out in any way as carrying
on the business of moneylending in Singapore, whether as principal or as
agent, unless —

(_a_) he is authorised to do so by a licence;

(_b_) he is an excluded moneylender; or

(_c_) he is an exempt moneylender.

...

**Unlicensed moneylending**

**14.** —(1) Subject to subsection (1A), any person who contravenes, or who
assists in the contravention of, section 5(1) shall be guilty of an offence
and —

(_a_) in the case where the person is a body corporate, shall on conviction be
punished with a fine of not less than $50,000 and not more than $500,000; or

(_b_) in any other case —

(i) shall on conviction be punished with a fine of not less than $30,000 and
not more than $300,000 and with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 4 years;
and

(ii) in the case of a second or subsequent offence, shall on conviction be
punished with a fine of not less than $30,000 and not more than $300,000 and
with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 7 years.

(1A) Subject to section 231 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap. 68) —

(_a_) a person who is convicted for the first time of an offence under
subsection (1) shall also be liable to be punished with caning with not more
than 6 strokes; or

(_b_) a person who is convicted of a second or subsequent offence under
subsection (1) shall also be liable to be punished with caning with not more
than 12 strokes.

…

24 As can be seen, ss 14(1)(_b_)(ii) and 14(1A)(_b_) of the MLA 2010 provide
for enhanced sentences when a person is convicted of a “second or subsequent
offence”. It should be noted that the present appeal pertained only to s
14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 because, as stated above at [3], the
Prosecution did not seek an enhanced sentence in respect of caning.[note: 8]
Nevertheless, I should add that there is no reason why my holdings regarding s
14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 should not have applied similarly in relation
to s 14(1A)(_b_) of the MLA 2010 had that provision been in issue as well.

25 Finally, s 109 of the Penal Code provides as follows:

**Punishment of abetment if the act abetted is committed in consequence, and
where no express provision is made for its punishment**

**109**. Whoever abets any offence shall, if the act abetted is committed in
consequence of the abetment, and no express provision is made by this Code for
the punishment of such abetment, be punished with the punishment provided for
the offence.

_Explanation_.—An act or offence is said to be committed in consequence of
abetment, when it is committed in consequence of the instigation, or in
pursuance of the conspiracy, or with the aid which constitutes the abetment.

**_Illustrations_**

(_a_) _A_ offers a bribe to _B_ , a public servant, as a reward for showing
_A_ some favour in the exercise of _B_ ’s official functions. _B_ accepts the
bribe. _A_ has abetted the offence defined in section 161 [of the Penal Code].

(_b_) _A_ instigates _B_ to give false evidence. _B_ , in consequence of the
instigation, commits that offence. _A_ is guilty of abetting that offence, and
is liable to the same punishment as _B_.

(_c_) _A_ and _B_ conspire to poison _Z_. _A_ , in pursuance of the
conspiracy, procures the poison and delivers it to _B_ , in order that he may
administer it to _Z_. _B_ , in pursuance of the conspiracy, administers the
poison to _Z_ , in _A_ ’s absence and thereby causes _Z_ ’s death. Here _B_ is
guilty of murder. _A_ is guilty of abetting that offence by conspiracy, and is
liable to the punishment for murder.

The Appellant’s submissions

26 Mr S K Kumar (“Mr Kumar”), counsel for the Appellant, vigorously asserted
that the DJ erred in treating the Appellant as a repeat offender under the MLA
2010.[note: 9] First, Mr Kumar submitted that s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985,
under which the Appellant was previously convicted, had been repealed.[note:
10] Second, he argued that the word “offence” in s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA
2010 must precisely refer only to an offence defined by s 14(1) of the MLA
2010, _viz_ , the offence of contravening (or assisting in the contravention
of) s 5(1) of the MLA 2010.[note: 11] He further submitted that such offence
was different from the offence of unlicensed moneylending under s 8(1)(_b_) of
the MLA 1985 in two ways.

27 The first difference was that the punishment for a first offender under s
14(1)(_b_)(i) of the MLA 2010 was plainly heavier than the corresponding
punishment under s 8(1)(i) of the MLA 1985.[note: 12] In this regard, Mr Kumar
also suggested that even if the court treated the Appellant as a first
offender under the MLA 2010, it would be free to take his prior convictions
into account as aggravating factors and impose a slightly higher
punishment.[note: 13]

28 The second difference (according to Mr Kumar) lay in the fact that s 14(1)
of the MLA 2010 created the new offence of _assisting_ in the carrying on of
the business of unlicensed moneylending.[note: 14] Therefore, s 14(1) of the
MLA 2010 described two offences (_viz_ , the principal offence of carrying on
the business of unlicensed moneylending and the offence of assisting in that
principal offence) and not one. In contrast, s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 only
described the principal offence of carrying on the business of unlicensed
moneylending. Mr Kumar submitted that while the Appellant’s previous offences
under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 were for _abetting_ the carrying on of an
unlicensed moneylending business,[note: 15] the Appellant’s present offences
were in the nature of _assisting_ in the carrying on of an unlicensed
moneylending business.[note: 16] These offences, Mr Kumar maintained, were
altogether different from the Appellant’s previous offences.

29 Third, Mr Kumar argued that if Parliament had intended the provisions for
enhanced punishment under the MLA 2010 to take into account previous offences
committed under the MLA 1985, then the MLA 2010 would have specifically
provided for it.[note: 17] Finally, Mr Kumar submitted that treating the
Appellant as a repeat offender for the purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA
2010 on account of his prior convictions under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985
would contravene Art 11(1) of the Constitution,[note: 18] which provides as
follows:

**Protection against retrospective criminal laws and repeated trials**

**11.** —(1) No person shall be punished for an act or omission which was not
punishable by law when it was done or made, and no person shall suffer greater
punishment for an offence than was prescribed by law at the time it was
committed.

The Prosecution’s submissions

31 Mr Edwin San (“Mr San”) for the Prosecution submitted, first, that the
Appellant’s convictions under the MLA 1985 did not cease to exist on account
of the purported “repeal” of that Act.[note: 19] Second, Mr San argued that
Parliament could not have intended the repeal of the MLA 1985 to “[wipe] the
slate clean”[note: 20] for offenders convicted of offences under that Act.
Third, Mr San submitted that the offence described by s 14(1) of the MLA 2010
was substantively the same as that under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 since
both provisions criminalised, _inter alia_ , the carrying on of the business
of moneylending without a licence.[note: 21] On that point, he emphasised that
there had been no change to the constituent elements of the offence.[note: 22]

31 Fourth, Mr San also tried to rely on s 7E of the ROCA, which deals with the
consequences of criminal records becoming or being treated as spent, to show
that Parliament’s intention was for convictions under the MLA 1985 to be taken
into account for the purposes of court proceedings pursuant to the MLA
2010.[note: 23] In particular, Mr San drew attention to ss 7E(2)(_b_) and
7E(2)(_c_) of the ROCA as well as the relevant debates in Parliament to show
that although the ROCA provided for an offender’s previous conviction to be
treated as spent under certain circumstances, Parliament did not intend this
to amount to an expunging of the offender’s criminal record “for purposes of
court proceedings” [emphasis in original omitted].[note: 24] Accordingly, Mr
San argued, given Parliament’s reluctance to expunge an offender’s criminal
records wholly (even for minor crimes), Parliament could not have intended an
offender’s previous conviction to be disregarded only because that previous
conviction lay under legislation which had since been repealed.[note: 25]

32 Fifth, Mr San cited s 16(1)(_d_) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev
Ed) (“the IA”) to support his argument that the repeal of the MLA 1985 did not
affect the punishment in respect of an offence committed under that Act.[note:
26] Finally, Mr San submitted that the absence of transitional and savings
provisions in the MLA 2010 did not prevent the court from considering previous
convictions under the MLA 1985 when determining whether an offender’s present
offences under the MLA 2010 counted as “second or subsequent” offences for the
purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010.[note: 27]

33 The gist of Mr San’s submissions was that the repeal of the MLA 1985 and
its simultaneous reincarnation in the form of the MLA 2008 must be regarded as
“a continuation and affirmation of the statute in uninterrupted
operation”.[note: 28]

The interpretational issues

34 In essence, the submissions made by both sides centred on the following
three key interpretational issues:

(a) whether the repeal of s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985, in and of itself, meant
that convictions made under it could not be taken into account as prior
offences for the purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010;

(b) whether s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 ought to be construed to take
into account convictions under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 as prior offences;
and

(c) whether treating the Appellant’s present offences as repeat offences under
s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 would contravene Art 11(1) of the
Constitution.

Determination of the interpretational issues

35 Before I deal with the parties’ arguments, I ought to acknowledge the
assistance which I received from the submissions made by both Mr Kumar and Mr
San. I also found the submissions made by the _amicus curiae_ , Mr Kenneth Lim
Tao Chung (“Mr Lim”) from Allen & Gledhill LLP, helpful. Mr Lim was appointed
under the Supreme Court’s Young _Amicus Curiae_ scheme to address the
preliminary issue at hand, _viz_ , whether the Appellant had been correctly
held to be liable for enhanced punishment under s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA
2010.[note: 29] Mr Lim’s submissions set out with clarity the applicable law
on the relevant issues. Also, for the avoidance of doubt, I should add that
the terms “interpretation” and “construction” and their derivatives have been
used interchangeably in these grounds.

Whether the repeal of s 8(1)(b) of the MLA 1985, in and of itself, meant that
convictions made under it could not be taken into account as prior offences
for the purposes of s 14(1)(b)(ii) of the MLA 2010

36 I begin by dealing briefly with the threshold issue of whether the
Appellant could succeed on the preliminary issue in this appeal simply because
s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985, the provision under which he was previously
convicted, had been repealed.

37 Mr Kumar submitted that since the Appellant’s prior convictions were under
s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985, which had been repealed, the Appellant could not
be considered a repeat offender for the purposes of the MLA 2010. Mr Kumar’s
submission was principally founded on the preamble of the MLA 2008, which
reads as follows:

An Act to _repeal and re-enact_ with amendments the Moneylenders Act (Chapter
188 of the 1985 Revised Edition) for the regulation of moneylending and for
matters connected therewith, and to make consequential amendments to the
Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) Act (Chapter 65A of the 2000 Revised Edition) and the Registration
of Criminals Act (Chapter 268 of the 1985 Revised Edition). [emphasis added]

38 The Court of Appeal considered a similar argument in the case of _Public
Prosecutor v Tan Teck Hin_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 672 (“ _Tan Teck Hin_ ”). The
respondent in that case was convicted of a drink driving charge under s 67(1)
of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the RTA”). He had a previous
conviction under the same subsection of the RTA. However, in between his two
convictions, the version of s 67(1) in force at the time of his first
conviction (“the repealed s 67(1) RTA”) was repealed by the Road Traffic
(Amendment) Act 1990 (Act 7 of 1990) and re-enacted to give a new version of s
67(1) (“the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA”), which raised the existing penalties for
both first and repeat offenders.

39 The Prosecution reserved to the Court of Appeal the question of whether the
respondent should be treated as a repeat offender for the purposes of the re-
enacted s 67(1) RTA. The respondent’s counsel, in contending that the question
should be answered in the negative, argued (_inter alia_) that the fact that
the repealed s 67(1) RTA had been repealed meant that the offence under it had
ceased to exist. Therefore, an offence under the repealed s 67(1) RTA could
not count as a prior offence for the purposes of the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA
(see _Tan Teck Hin_ at [17]–[18]). The Court of Appeal unequivocally disagreed
with that proposition and answered the question reserved by the Prosecution in
the affirmative; _ie_ , it held that the respondent was a repeat offender for
the purposes of the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA. In its view (see _Tan Teck Hin_ at
[26]), there was no magic in the use of the word “repeal”, and the fact that
the repealed s 67(1) RTA no longer had force did not assist the court in
construing the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA. The Court of Appeal further held (see
_Tan Teck Hin_ at [33]):

… The conviction of the respondent under s 67(1) before the “repeal” [_ie_ ,
under the repealed s 67(1) RTA] is a fact which did not cease to exist on the
“repeal”. ... He remained as a person who had been so convicted. ... [T]here
is no question of the “repeal” affecting the subsistence of this fact. …

40 Both Mr San and Mr Lim rightly drew to my attention s 16(1) of the
IA,[note: 30] the relevant parts of which are as follows:

**Effect of repeal**

**16.** —(1) Where a written law repeals in whole or in part any other written
law, then, unless the contrary intention appears, the repeal shall not —

...

(_b_) _affect the previous operation of any written law so repealed or
anything duly done or suffered under any written law so repealed_ ;

...

(_d_) _affect any penalty, forfeiture or punishment incurred in respect of any
offence committed against any written law so repealed …_

…

[emphasis added]

Unfortunately for Mr Kumar, this appears to lend support to the Prosecution’s
contention that the repeal of s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 did not affect the
continuing existence of the fact of the Appellant’s previous convictions under
that provision.

41 Further, I also pointed out to Mr Kumar that s 2(1) of the IA expressly
defined “repeal” in the following non-exhaustive manner:

“repeal” includes rescind, revoke, cancel or _replace …_ [emphasis added]

Plainly, the word “repeal” is an etymological chameleon that takes colour from
its context. It seems to me that “replace” is the correct meaning to be
ascribed to “repeal” in the present context. Since the MLA 2008 simply
“replaced” and re-enacted (see the preamble reproduced above at [37]) the MLA
1985, there was no break in the continuum between the legislative regime under
the MLA 1985 and that under the MLA 2008 (which was later amended and revised
to become the MLA 2010). As such, there is little force in the proposition
that an offence under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 cannot be taken into account
as a prior offence for the purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 simply
because s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 has been repealed.

42 For the reasons outlined above, it is clear in the present case that the
fact that s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 has been repealed is in itself of little
significance. As Mr San rightly submitted, such repeal does not have the
effect of wiping the slate clean for those previously convicted under s
8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985. Instead, as alluded to above at [39], the question
depends on the proper construction of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010, to
which I now turn.

Whether s 14(1)(b)(ii) of the MLA 2010 ought to be construed to take into
account convictions under s 8(1)(b) of the MLA 1985 as prior offences

(1) An issue of construction

43 In _Tan Teck Hin_ , the Court of Appeal, having dismissed the notion that
that the word “repeal” had any significance in itself, clarified that the
central issue was really one of construction of the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA
(see _Tan Teck Hin_ at [34]):

What is before us is simply whether a conviction under s 67(1) before its
“repeal” [_ie_ , a conviction under the repealed s 67(1) RTA] can properly be
taken into account when applying the subsection after its “repeal” [_ie_ ,
when applying the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA]. _The issue is one of construction,
of ascertaining the intention of Parliament when enacting the new provision._
[emphasis added]

44 The Court of Appeal went on to resolve that question of construction by
having regard to, _inter alia_ , Parliament’s intention. Indeed, legislative
intention is now the cornerstone of statutory interpretation in the Singapore
context as this is statutorily mandated by s 9A of the IA, which was
introduced by Parliament via the Interpretation (Amendment) Act 1993 (Act 11
of 1993) (see further below at [55]–[56]; in this regard, it should be noted
that _Tan Teck Hin_ was decided before s 9A of the IA was enacted). After
comparing the repealed s 67(1) RTA and the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA, the Court
of Appeal found that Parliament intended convictions under the repealed s
67(1) RTA to count as prior convictions for the purposes of the re-enacted s
67(1) RTA (see _Tan Teck Hin_ at [35]). Accordingly, it answered the question
reserved by the Prosecution in the affirmative (see above at [39]).

45 In the same vein, the present issue of whether the Appellant’s convictions
under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 could properly be taken into account for the
purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 is one of construction of the
latter provision.

(2) Whether the offences of carrying on the business of unlicensed
moneylending and assisting in the same under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 are the
same in the context of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010

46 Before drawing s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 into the picture, I move first
to address an issue pertaining solely to s 14(1) of the MLA 2010. Section
14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 refers to a “second or subsequent offence”
without explaining what constitutes a first offence. However, having regard to
the two-part structure of s 14(1)(_b_) of the MLA 2010 and given that s
14(1)(_b_)(i) of the MLA 2010 stipulates the punishment for what must be a
first offence under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010, the first offence which s
14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 contemplates must be an offence described by s
14(1) of the MLA 2010. As stated above at [28], Mr Kumar pointed out in his
submissions that s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 encompasses not one, but two
offences: that of contravening s 5(1) of the MLA 2010 and that of _assisting_
in the contravention of s 5(1) of the MLA 2010.

47 It is obvious that in the absence of clear statutory provision to the
contrary, a subsequent offence can only be considered a _repeat offence_ if it
is the same as the prior offence; otherwise, the two offences would be
different and the subsequent offence would not be a repeat offence. Mr Kumar’s
observation therefore raised the question of whether the offences of carrying
on the business of unlicensed moneylending and assisting in the same under s
14(1) of the MLA 2010 are the same in the context of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the
MLA 2010.

48 Mr Kumar helpfully drew my attention to the South Australian Supreme Court
case of _Bartlett v D’Rozario_ [1971] SASR 88 (“ _Bartlett_ ”). That case
concerned s 47 of the Road Traffic Act 1961–1967 (“the Aust RTA”), the
relevant parts of which were as follows:

**47.** (1) A person shall not–—

(_a_) _drive a vehicle_ ; or

(_b_) _attempt to put a vehicle in motion_ ,

while he is so much under the influence of intoxicating liquor or a drug as to
be incapable of exercising effective control of the vehicle.

Penalty—

(_a_) If the vehicle concerned was a motor vehicle—

(i) for a first offence, not less than sixty and not more than two hundred
dollars or imprisonment for not more than three months and, in either case,
disqualification from holding and obtaining a driver’s licence for such period
as the court thinks fit, but in no case less than three months;

(ii) for a second offence, imprisonment for not less than one month and not
more than six months and disqualification from holding and obtaining a
driver’s licence for such period as the court thinks fit, but not less than
six months;

(iii) for a third or subsequent offence, imprisonment for not less than three
months and not more than twelve months and disqualification from holding and
obtaining a driver’s licence for such period as the court thinks fit, but not
less than three years;

(_b_) if the vehicle concerned was not a motor vehicle, one hundred dollars.

...

(3) In determining whether an offence is a first, second, third or subsequent
offence within the meaning of subsection (1) of this section, a previous
offence for which the defendant was convicted more than five years before the
commission of the offence under consideration shall not be taken into account,
but a previous offence for which the defendant was convicted within the said
period shall be so taken into account, whether the conviction took place
before or after the commencement of this Act.

…

[emphasis added]

49 One of the questions raised in _Bartlett_ was whether a conviction for a
breach of s 47(1)(_a_) of the Aust RTA should be treated as a conviction for a
second or subsequent offence when there had been a previous conviction (within
five years) for a breach of s 47(1)(_b_) of the Aust RTA (see _Bartlett_ at
89). Bray CJ answered that question in the negative, primarily on the basis
that the statute was ambiguous and thus had to be resolved in favour of the
citizen (see _Bartlett_ at 93–94):

_On reflection, … I think that this is a case of a genuine ambiguity in the
language._ Clearly, as I have said, the offences are separate and distinct. A
complaint charging the defendant with driving a vehicle or attempting to put a
vehicle in motion whilst so much under the influence of intoxicating liquor or
a drug as to be incapable of exercising effective control would, I think, be
bad for duplicity. _The offences being separate and distinct, the use of the
expressions “second offence” and “third or subsequent offence” is ambiguous,
because Parliament has not made it plain whether it means a second, third or
subsequent offence of the same kind as the previous offence or whether it
means that offences against s. 47(1)(_ a _) and offences against s. 47(1)(_ b
_) are to be regarded as equivalent for the purpose of calculating the number
of offences._

...

In _Bower’s Case_ [[1963] 1 All ER 437], Lord Parker drew a distinction
between a provision which is ambiguous and a provision which is difficult to
interpret, but _he thought that a true ambiguity in a penal section must be
resolved in the manner most favourable to the citizen if doubt still remains
after the application of the proper canons of construction_ … _I think there
is here a true ambiguity which remains after the application of those canons
and I think the principle cited by the Court of Criminal Appeal in the case
of_ R. v. Chapman _[[1931] 2 KB 606 at 609] from_ Maxwell on The
Interpretation of Statutes _and applied in that case is applicable also here:
‘Where an equivocal word or ambiguous sentence leaves a reasonable doubt of
its meaning which the canons of interpretation fail to solve, the benefit of
the doubt should be given to the subject and against the Legislature which has
failed to explain itself.”_ Accordingly I hold that the conviction on 8th
January, 1969 was not a previous conviction for the present purposes. ...

... It is not for the courts to question the policy which Parliament has
thought fit to adopt in enacting legislation of this rigidity, but the case is
not one in which any diffidence need be felt in invoking the principle
referred to by Lord Hewart CJ in _Chapman’s Case_ , if that principle is
fairly applicable, as I think it is here.

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

50 Another reason for Bray CJ’s decision was s 165 of the Aust RTA (see
_Bartlett_ at 93):

Indeed, there is one consideration in favour of the former construction
[referring to the construction eventually decided on]. Section 165 reads as
follows:—

“ _In determining whether an offence against a provision of this Act is a
second or subsequent offence within the meaning of this Act, a like offence
committed against an Act repealed by this Act shall be taken into account as
an offence against the said provision._ ”

I do not think driving under the influence and attempting to put a vehicle in
motion while under the influence are now “like offences” or were so under the
provisions of s. 48 of the previous legislation, the Road Traffic Act
1934–1960, which was in similar terms for the present purpose to s. 47(1) [of
the Aust RTA]. “Like” here must mean not “allied” but “substantially the same”
...

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

I should note here that there is no equivalent provision to s 165 of the Aust
RTA in the MLA 2010.

51 Pertinently, our High Court took a contrary view on a similar issue in _Teo
Kwee Chuan v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 289 (“ _Teo Kwee Chuan_ ”),
which involved drink driving under the same provision as that which was in
issue in _Tan Teck Hin_ , _viz_ , the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA (see above at
[38]–[39]). The appellant in _Teo Kwee Chuan_ had a previous conviction for
“driving under the influence of drink/drugs” (see _Teo Kwee Chuan_ at [4])
contrary to s 29(1) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 92, 1970 Rev Ed, 1973
Reprint). The main issue was whether the appellant should have been treated as
a repeat offender _vis-à-vis_ his later offence under the re-enacted s 67(1)
RTA. However, I note in particular Yong Pung How CJ’s views on the issue of
whether driving and attempting to drive under the influence of drink were
separate offences such that a prior conviction for one would not count as a
prior conviction for the other (see _Teo Kwee Chuan_ at [23]):

… [C]ounsel submitted that driving and attempting to drive were two separate
offences so that a conviction for driving whilst under the influence of drink
could not be a “second or subsequent offence” if the offender’s earlier
conviction or convictions were for attempting to drive whilst under the
influence of drink, and _vice versa_. _Even leaving aside the manifestly
preposterous sense of this submission, it is plain from the drafting of s
67(1)_ [_viz_ , the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA] _that the words “second or
subsequent offence” therein presupposes_ [_sic_] _that the relevant earlier
offence or offences may be of any description so long as it falls within s
67(1)._ [emphasis added]

52 I make three observations regarding _Teo Kwee Chuan_. First, it is not
clear why, in the first place, the appellant’s counsel raised the issue of
whether driving and attempting to drive under the influence of drink were
separate offences since it appeared from the charges, as summarised in the
judgment, that the appellant’s prior and subsequent offences both involved
actual drink driving (as opposed to an attempt to engage in the same).
Therefore, Yong CJ’s holding as set out above is _obiter_. Second, it is not
clear whether _Bartlett_ was brought to the attention of Yong CJ as it was not
referred to in the court’s grounds. However, I do not suggest that Yong CJ’s
views on this issue would have been different had _Bartlett_ been cited to him
(assuming that it had not). Third, I note that the two offences in issue in
_Bartlett_ were in two separate statutory limbs (_viz_ , ss 47(1)(_a_) and
47(1)(_b_) of the Aust RTA) whereas the two offences in _Teo Kwee Chuan_ were
not, but I do not think _Bartlett_ can be distinguished solely on that basis.

53 In any case, as Australian law has evolved, it is quite possible that
_Bartlett_ might be decided differently by an Australian court sitting today.
Bray CJ decided _Bartlett_ on the basis that the particular statutory
provision in issue was genuinely ambiguous and “must be resolved in the manner
most favourable to the citizen if doubt still remain[ed] _after the
application of the proper canons of construction_ ” [emphasis added] (see
_Bartlett_ at 94 (also reproduced above at [49])). It is not insignificant
that the High Court of Australia has since held that the rule of
interpretation applied by Bray CJ in _Bartlett_ is one of “last resort” (_per_
Gibbs J in _Beckwith v The Queen_ (1976) 135 CLR 569 (“ _Beckwith_ ”) at 576).
More recently, the Full Court of the South Australian Supreme Court has also
tried to confine that rule of interpretation to ambiguities as to whether an
offence is created or not (_per_ Layton J in _Police v Whitehouse_ (2005) 92
SASR 81 at [52]):

_… [T]he rule in relation to the interpretation of penal statutes is
predominantly concerned with those statutes where it is unclear because of the
ambiguity whether an offence is created or not._ Gibbs J [in _Beckwith_ at
577] stated the rule as relating to situations where the statute may extend
the category of criminal offences. [emphasis added]

54 Pertinently, Layton J in fact distinguished _Bartlett_ on the basis that it
concerned the issue of whether or not an offence had been committed, rather
than whether a previous conviction could be considered when convicting an
offender for committing the same offence (see _Police v Whitehouse_ at [55]):

… _[T]he cases of_ Beckwith _and_ Bartlett _were concerned with the issue as
to whether or not an offence had or had not been committed, therefore one can
see why in such a case any ambiguity should be construed in favour of the
accused. However, in this situation the question is not whether an offence was
committed but rather whether a previous conviction could be taken into account
when convicting the respondent for committing the same offence._ In that
situation, resolving the ambiguity in favour of the accused would seem to
defeat the very purpose underlying the creation of a specific penalty for a
subsequent offence. Therefore that canon of interpretation does not seem to be
applicable to the facts in this case and does not lend support to the
interpretation found by [the judge in the court below]. [emphasis added]

With respect, I do not think _Bartlett_ can be satisfactorily distinguished on
the basis stated by Layton J since it did in fact concern whether a previous
conviction could be considered when convicting an offender for committing the
same offence (see [49] above).

(A) Purposive interpretation as the cornerstone of statutory interpretation

55 In my view, there is no need in the present case to resort (as Bray CJ did
in _Bartlett_ (see above at [49])) to what I have previously termed the
“strict construction rule” (see _Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4
SLR(R) 183 (“ _Low Kok Heng_ ”) at [30]–[31]), _viz_ , the rule that ambiguous
penal provisions must be construed in favour of the accused person. In _Low
Kok Heng_ , I considered the strict construction rule against the backdrop of
s 9A of the IA in the context of construing penal provisions (see _Low Kok
Heng_ at [30]–[57]). I concluded that s 9A of the IA mandates that the rule of
purposive interpretation trumps all other common law principles of
interpretation, including the strict construction rule (see _Low Kok Heng_ at
[41] and [56]–[57]):

41 Section 9A(1) of the [IA] requires the construction of written law to
promote the purpose or object underlying the statute. _In fact, it_**
_mandates_** _that a construction promoting legislative purpose be preferred
over one that does not promote such purpose or object_ : see Brady Coleman,
“The Effect of Section 9A of the Interpretation Act on Statutory
Interpretation in Singapore” [2000] Sing JLS 152 at 154. _Accordingly, any
common law principle of interpretation, such as the plain meaning rule and the
strict construction rule, must yield to the purposive interpretation approach
stipulated by s 9A(1) of the [IA]._**_All_** written law (penal or otherwise)
must be interpreted purposively. Other common law principles come into play
**_only_** when their application coincides with the purpose underlying the
written law in question, or alternatively, when ambiguity in that written law
persists even after an attempt at purposive interpretation has been properly
made.

...

56 That statutorily stipulated principles of interpretation take precedence
over the common law rule of strict construction in penal statutes has also
been acknowledged by the Supreme Court of Canada in [_R v_ _Hasselwander_
[1993] 2 SCR 398] … Cory J stated at 413:

[T]he rule of strict construction becomes applicable **_only_** when attempts
at the neutral interpretation suggested by s 12 of the **_Interpretation
Act_** still leave reasonable doubt as to the meaning or scope of the text of
the statute. [emphasis added]

_I agree with the Canadian position that the common law rule of strict
construction should play second fiddle to principles of interpretation
prescribed by statute._ By virtue of its mandatory nature, s 9A(1) of the [IA]
must surely take precedence over the rule of strict construction, in the same
way that it prevails over any other common law principles of interpretation.
_Hence, the operation of the strict construction rule must necessarily be
limited to situations where ambiguity persists despite all attempts to
interpret a penal provision in accordance with s 9A(1) of the [IA]._

57 To summarise, s 9A of the [IA] mandates that a purposive approach be
adopted in the construction of all statutory provisions, and allows extrinsic
material to be referred to, even where, on a plain reading, the words of a
statute are clear and unambiguous. _The purposive approach takes precedence
over all other common law principles of interpretation._ ... _Purposive
interpretation in accordance with s 9A(1) of the [IA] is the paramount
principle of interpretation even with respect to penal statutes; it is only in
cases where penal provisions remaining_ [_sic_] _ambiguous_**
_notwithstanding_** _all attempts at purposive interpretation that the common
law strict construction rule may be invoked._

[emphasis in bold italics in original; emphasis added in italics]

56 The rule of purposive interpretation entails that a statute must be
interpreted “in order to promote the underlying purpose behind the
legislation” (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (26
February 1993) vol 60 at col 517 (_per_ Prof S Jayakumar (“Prof Jayakumar”),
Minister for Law)). Section 9A of the IA highlights the importance of doing so
in the following terms:

**9A.** —(1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, _an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law_ (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) _shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object_.

(2) Subject to subsection (4), in the interpretation of a provision of a
written law, if any material not forming part of the written law is capable of
assisting in the ascertainment of the meaning of the provision, consideration
_may_ be given to that material —

(_a_) to confirm that the meaning of the provision is the ordinary meaning
conveyed by the text of the provision taking into account its context in the
written law and the purpose or object underlying the written law; or

(_b_) to _ascertain_ the meaning of the provision when —

(i) the provision is ambiguous or obscure; or

(ii) the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision _taking into
account its context in the written law and the purpose or object underlying
the written law_ leads to a result that is manifestly absurd or unreasonable.

…

[emphasis added]

57 In the present case, I do not think that s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010
remains ambiguous after applying the rule of purposive interpretation,
notwithstanding Mr Kumar’s breezy attempt to import the common law strict
construction rule into the context. I turn now to consider the purpose of the
legislation criminalising unlicensed moneylending in Singapore.

(B) Legislative history of the offence of unlicensed moneylending

58 The offence of unlicensed moneylending can be traced back to s 8(_b_) of
the Moneylenders Ordinance 1959 (No 58 of 1959) (“the MLO 1959”), which came
into operation on 11 September 1959. The said provision was substantially
similar in structure and language to s 8(1) of the MLA 1985, and read as
follows:

**8**. If any person —

...

(_b_) carries on business as a moneylender without holding a licence or, being
licensed as a moneylender, carries on business as such in any name other other
than his authorized name or at any place other than his authorized address or
addresses;

...

he shall be guilty of an offence under this Ordinance and on conviction shall
be liable to a fine not exceeding one thousand dollars and for a second or
subsequent offence shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one thousand
dollars or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months or to both
such fine and imprisonment ...

59 Section 8 of the 1970 revised edition of the Moneylenders Act (_viz_ , the
Moneylenders Act (Cap 220, 1970 Rev Ed)) retained the structure and language
of s 8 of the MLO 1959, but was later amended in 1975 to increase the maximum
fines for both first and repeat offenders from $1,000 to $5,000. The then
Minister for Social Affairs, Encik Othman bin Wok, explained the rationale
behind the increased penalties during the second reading of the Moneylenders
(Amendment) Bill 1975 (Bill 24 of 1975) as follows (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (29 July 1975) vol 34 at col 1133):

_The penalties for illegal moneylending will be heavier under the proposed
amendments._ Section 8 of the Act will be amended to increase the maximum fine
for such offences from $1,000 to $5,000. A second or subsequent offender is
liable to imprisonment not exceeding 12 months or a maximum fine of $1,000 or
both imprisonment and fine. Under the proposed amendment, the maximum fine
will be raised to $5,000. ... _My Ministry takes a serious view of illegal
money-lending and will not hesitate to act against any person who is guilty of
this offence._ [emphasis added]

60 The next revised edition of our moneylending statute was the MLA 1985. In
1993, the MLA 1985 was amended to provide for minimum fines of $10,000 and
$20,000 for first and repeat offenders respectively, and to raise the maximum
fines for first and repeat offenders to $100,000 and $200,000 respectively.
During the second reading of the Moneylenders (Amendment) Bill 1993 (Bill 16
of 1993), the then Minister for Law, Prof Jayakumar, explained that the
purpose of these amendments was to send a strong message that illegal
moneylending would not be tolerated (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (28 May 1993) vol 61 at cols 294–295):

_Sir, this Bill amends the Moneylenders Act_ [_viz_ , the MLA 1985] _to
increase the quantum of penalties for illegal moneylending_ and unwarranted
harassment and intimidation of debtors, to create a new offence in that regard
and to give greater powers to the Police under the Act.

...

_The number of cases of illegal moneylending reported to the Police has shown
a marked increase over the last six years. In 1992 alone, a total of 700 cases
were reported which is more than double the number of cases reported in 1987
and more than the total number of cases reported for 1987 and 1988. The
figures for 1992 represent an alarming increase of more than 32% from the
figures for 1991._ The number of harassment cases involving the use of threats
and force has also increased, sometimes even inflicting grievous hurt.

_Sir, we must act swiftly and decisively in sending a strong message to all
illegal moneylenders that such activities will not be tolerated. The Bill
seeks to do this by combining substantial increases in the penalties meted
out_ for such activities together with greater powers of investigation and
enforcement on the part of the Police.

_The existing legislation does not provide for adequate penalties to deter
such illegal activities. The amendments will provide for an increase in the
fines imposed on illegal moneylenders from the present maximum of $5,000 to
fines of between $10,000 and $100,000 for the first-time individual offenders.
In the case of repeat offenders, the fines have been increased to between
$20,000 and $200,000 from the present maximum fine of $5,000. In addition,
such offenders may also be jailed up to a maximum of 12 months._

[emphasis added]

61 In 2005, the MLA 1985 was amended again to double, in respect of first
offenders, the maximum imprisonment term (from one year to two years) and the
sentencing range for fines (from the range of $10,000 to $100,000 to the range
of $20,000 to $200,000, the same as for repeat offenders). For repeat
offenders, imprisonment was made mandatory and the maximum imprisonment term
was increased from 12 months to five years. This version of the MLA 1985 was
in force when the Appellant committed his previous moneylending offences in
November 2008 (see the provisions set out above at [22]). When the then Senior
Minister of State for Law, Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee (“Assoc Prof Ho”), proposed
the aforesaid amendments at the second reading of the Moneylenders (Amendment)
Bill 2005 (Bill 28 of 2005), he observed the increase in unlicensed
moneylending cases and reiterated the need to send a strong signal of zero
tolerance for unlicensed moneylending activities as follows (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (21 November 2005) vol 80 at cols
1831–1834):

_Objective of Bill_

Sir, this Bill seeks to amend the Moneylenders Act [_viz_ , the MLA 1985] by
introducing higher penalties to curb the rise in illegal moneylending
activities and related harassment cases.

_Background_

In 1993, we introduced a number of measures to deal with unlicensed
moneylending activities. These included:

(1) enhancing penalties for carrying out unlicensed moneylending activities
and related harassment cases;

...

**_Sir, the number of unlicensed moneylending and related harassment cases,
however, continues to rise from some 1,500 cases in 1995 to almost 6,000 cases
last year, ie, about a four-fold increase_** _._ ... In addition, the number
of arrests made in unlicensed moneylending and related harassment cases
increased by almost 20% in one year, from 330 arrests in 2003 to 393 arrests
in 2004.

...

_The proposed amendments_

**_Sir, as for these amendments which are under consideration, Parliament
should send a strong signal to loansharks that we will not tolerate the
conduct of unlicensed moneylending activities_** , where exorbitant interest
rates are charged and borrowers and even non-borrowers are harassed in their
own homes.

Therefore, this Bill seeks to increase the penalties for unlicensed
moneylending under the Moneylenders Act as follows:

**_First, the existing fines for offenders who carry out unlicensed
moneylending activities or harassment cases will be doubled_** _;_

...

**_Fourthly, repeat offenders of illegal moneylending will be subject to
mandatory imprisonment_** , whilst repeat offenders of harassment where hurt
to person or damage to property is caused will be subject to mandatory caning.

…

_Conclusion_

**_In conclusion, Sir, these amendments are needed to send a strong signal
that the Government has zero tolerance for unlicensed moneylending
activities_** _._ The enhanced deterrent effect should also help stem the
increase that we have seen in such activities.

…

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

62 Next, as stated above at [2], the MLA 1985 was repealed and re-enacted as
the MLA 2008. This was undertaken pursuant to comprehensive changes made to
the MLA 1985 following a holistic review of that Act, which, at the time, was
considered to have become outdated (see the speech by the then Senior Minister
of State for Law, Assoc Prof Ho, during the second reading of the Moneylenders
Bill 2008 (Bill 33 of 2008) in _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (18 November 2008) vol 85 at cols 1001–1007; see also my observations
in _City Hardware Pte Ltd v Kenrich Electronics Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 733
at [47]–[50]).

63 Significantly, the moneylending offences under s 8(1) of the MLA 1985
(under the heading “Offences”) were later split between ss 14 and 15 of the
MLA 2008 (under the respective headings “Unlicensed moneylending” and “Other
offences under this Part”). Further, while s 8(1) of the MLA 1985 provided for
both the offence of unlicensed moneylending (via, specifically, s 8(1)(_b_) of
the MLA 1985) as well as its punishment under a single subsection (_viz_ , s
8(1) of the MLA 1985), the MLA 2008 did not. Rather, the MLA 2008 prohibited
unlicensed moneylending via s 5(1), and separately provided that the
contravention or the assistance in the contravention of s 5(1) was an offence
and was punishable under s 14(1).

64 Pertinently, s 14(1) of the MLA 2008 expressly made it an offence to assist
in carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending (see s 14(1) read with
s 5(1) of the MLA 2008). In contrast, prior to the enactment of the MLA 2008,
s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 only provided for the principal offence of
unlicensed moneylending. Under the statutory regime set out in the MLA 1985,
if a person assisted in the principal offence of unlicensed moneylending, he
would have been charged (as the Appellant was in 2008) with the abetment (by
intentional aiding) of unlicensed moneylending under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA
1985 (read with s 109 of the 1985 revised edition of the Penal Code).

65 Despite the significant changes introduced in the MLA 2008, the penalties
for first and repeat offenders in respect of unlicensed moneylending remained
the same as before. However, in 2010, the MLA 2008 was amended to increase the
penalties dramatically. Both the punishment of fine and that of imprisonment
were made mandatory for first as well as repeat offenders. The sentencing
range for fines for both first and repeat offenders was increased to between
$30,000 and $300,000 (_cf_ the previous range of between $20,000 and
$200,000). The maximum imprisonment term for first offenders was doubled from
two to four years, while the maximum imprisonment term for repeat offenders
was increased from five to seven years. Most significantly, caning was
introduced as a sentencing option, capped at six strokes for first offenders
and 12 strokes for repeat offenders.

66 During the second reading of the Moneylenders (Amendment) Bill 2009 (Bill
23 of 2009) (“the Moneylenders Bill 2009”), the then Senior Minister of State
for Law, Assoc Prof Ho, explained the tougher penalties and reiterated the
need to send a strong message of zero tolerance for all unlicensed
moneylending activities as follows (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (12 January 2010) vol 86 (“ _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_
vol 86”) at cols 2051 and 2060–2061):

Sir, last year in August, I informed this House that MHA [the Ministry of Home
Affairs] was studying how to tackle this loanshark scourge more effectively.
Setting out the various measures already in place, I said that we would
tighten our laws to plug the gaps. Sir, this Bill is a result of our review.
... **_It also introduces new measures to strengthen the existing legal
regime. These include enhancing existing penalties and, specifically,
criminalising acts that contribute to or advance loanshark activities in
Singapore_** _._ …

_..._

_Tougher penalties_

Sir, it does not appear that syndicate members and their runners are deterred
by the current penalties. **_Hence, we will enhance our punishments to send a
strong message of zero tolerance for all loansharking
activities._****...****_Loansharks who are first-time offenders will be
punished with a fine and an imprisonment term which are now made mandatory, as
well as caning as an additional sentencing option._****_Repeat offenders will
be subjected to even tougher penalties. These enhanced penalties aim to deter
those who are tempted by the profitability of loansharking businesses and,
hopefully, also make our youths and debtors think twice before succumbing to
the easy way out offered by loansharks_** _._ This deterrent message forms an
integral part of the overall solution in tackling the loanshark scourge.

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

The MLA 2008 (as amended in 2010) was later revised to become the MLA 2010,
which preserved the penalties discussed above.

67 The purpose of moneylending legislation was also explicated in the Court of
Appeal case of _Donald McArthy Trading Pte Ltd and others v Pankaj s/o
Dhirajlal (trading as TopBottom Impex)_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 321, where Chan Sek
Keong CJ explained that the primary objective of the MLA 1985 was to protect
poor individuals from unscrupulous unlicensed moneylenders (at [6]):

**_Purpose of the MLA_** [referring to the MLA 1985]

6 Before giving our reasons for our decision on the preliminary issues, it
would be useful to restate the legislative purpose of the MLA and the relevant
principles that have been established by case law on the scope of the MLA. It
is trite that a court should give effect to the legislative purpose when
interpreting an Act of Parliament. **_From the transcripts of parliamentary
debates on the enactment and subsequent amendments of the MLA, it is clear
that Parliament intended the MLA to be a social legislation designed to
protect individuals who, being unable to borrow money from banks and other
financial institutions, have to turn to unscrupulous unlicensed moneylenders
who prey on people like them._** For example, in _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (2 September 1959) vol 11 at col 593, Mrs Seow Peck
Leng made the following remarks:

This Bill [referring to the Bill which was later enacted as the MLO 1959] is
laudable for the fact that it protects the poor from the clutches of
unscrupulous moneylenders. This Bill, in my opinion, should be implemented as
soon as possible to ease the hardship of those already victimised and to
prevent those who, because of financial difficulties, may be victimised in the
future ...

_It is the very, very poor, Sir, who need protection most, who usually take
loans of less than $100, and I think that they are the ones who should be
protected_ ...

[emphasis added]

These expressions of legislative purpose have been reiterated whenever the MLA
has come up for amendment in Parliament. For example, in _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (28 May 1993) vol 61 at col 294, Prof
S Jayakumar (the Minister for Law) said:

Sir, this Bill amends the Moneylenders Act to increase the quantum of
penalties for illegal moneylending ...

Members, I am sure, would have read numerous accounts in the press of illegal
moneylenders or loansharks resorting to the use of threats and violence in
extracting payment from debtors for loans given. These loans were often at
exorbitant rates of interest. _They prey on debtors who, having no access to
the usual channels of raising finance, had no recourse except to look to those
loansharks for their funds_.

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

I have no doubt that this salutary social objective survived the repeal of the
MLA 1985, and applies both to its re-enactment in the form of the MLA 2008 and
the revision of the MLA 2008 to, in turn, the MLA 2010.

68 As can be seen from the markedly robust increases in the penalties for
moneylending offences over the years as outlined at [58]–[66] above, the
rising scourge of unlicensed moneylending has repeatedly prompted Parliament
to toughen its stance against this particular criminal activity over the
years. Plainly, Parliament has set its face implacably against this pernicious
malaise.

(C) The offences of carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending and
assisting in the same under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 are the same in the
context of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010

69 Taking into account the unambiguous statutory genesis of the MLA, I return
to the issue set out at the beginning of this section (see [46] above), _viz_
, whether carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending and assisting in
the same (respectively, contravening and assisting in the contravention of s
5(1) of the MLA 2010) are indeed two separate offences such that a prior
conviction for one would not count as a prior conviction for the other. I
begin by noting that in _Bartlett_ (religiously cited by Mr Kumar), Bray CJ
had in fact repressed misgivings about his eventual decision that a previous
conviction for a breach of s 47(1)(_b_) of the Aust RTA did not count for the
purposes of determining whether a later conviction for a breach of s
47(1)(_a_) of that Act amounted to a second or subsequent offence (see
_Bartlett_ at 93):

… There may, perhaps, be _some element of caprice_ as a result of the learned
Special Magistrate’s construction [which Bray CJ went on to uphold]. _I assume
for the present purposes that attempting to put a vehicle in motion under the
influence is a lesser offence than driving it under the influence.
Nevertheless, it might seem odd if a gaol sentence is mandatory on the second
of two convictions for attempting to put the vehicle in motion under the
influence and yet not for a conviction for driving under the influence after a
conviction for attempting to put a vehicle in motion under the influence_ …

On reflection, however, I think that this is a case of genuine ambiguity in
the language. ...

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

70 In the present context, I think it is quite clear that assisting in the
carrying on of the business of unlicensed moneylending is a lesser offence
than actually carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending. That said,
if carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending does not count as a
prior conviction for assistance of the same and _vice versa_ , then the second
of two convictions for assisting in unlicensed moneylending would be
punishable with a higher maximum imprisonment sentence (of seven years, as
opposed to four years for a first offender) than in the case of:

(a) a conviction for assisting in unlicensed moneylending after a conviction
for actually carrying on unlicensed moneylending; and

(b) a conviction for actually carrying on unlicensed moneylending after a
conviction for assisting in unlicensed moneylending.

71 Surely, the repeat offender who is convicted of the principal offence of
carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending, regardless of whether his
earlier conviction was for that same principal offence or for assisting in
carrying on an unlicensed moneylending business, is more deserving of the
maximum sentence of seven years’ imprisonment than the repeat offender who has
never gone beyond assisting in carrying on the business of unlicensed
moneylending to actually carrying on such business himself or herself. In my
view, if s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 is construed such that the offences of
carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending and assisting in the
carrying on of such business are not regarded as the same in the context of s
14(1)(_b_)(ii), this would not merely “seem odd” (see _Bartlett_ at 93). It
would in fact be “manifestly … unreasonable” within the meaning of s
9A(2)(_b_)(ii) of the IA (see above at [56]).

72 I also note that during the second reading of the Moneylenders Bill 2009,
the then Senior Minister of State for Law, Assoc Prof Ho, emphasised that
anyone who contributed to an unlicensed moneylending operation would also face
the law’s wrath and that even assistants would be liable to the same penalties
(see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ vol 86 at col 2059):

_In order to target the many layers forming the organisation, anyone who
contributes to or facilitates a loansharking operation, no matter what his
role is, will not escape the wrath of the law._ This will help us disrupt the
syndicates. The Bill therefore amends section 14 [referring to the MLA 2008 as
it originally stood] (which is on unlicensed moneylending) and section 28 (on
harassing borrowers besetting his residence) to treat certain acts as
assistance of unlicensed moneylending and abetment of the harassment offence,
respectively. These acts include, for example, selling pre-paid SIM cards to
loansharks, transporting runners to harassment targets, acting as a lookout
for harassment runs and assisting the loansharks in verifying harassment jobs
before paying the runners. Indeed, a 27-year old ex-runner said that he was
paid $10 for every address that he verified that harassment had been
conducted. Sir, these acts are specifically chosen as they reflect the current
_modus operandi_ adopted in loanshark harassments. _Persons carrying out these
acts are deemed to have assisted or abetted loansharking offences and will be
liable to the same penalties._ [emphasis added]

The last sentence in the above quote is particularly noteworthy. Those who
have a secondary role in unlicensed moneylending activities are deemed to have
“assisted or abetted” the same (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ vol 86
at col 2059) and are liable to “the same penalties” as the principal offenders
(see likewise _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ vol 86 at col 2059). Such
“assisting” conduct should be viewed through exactly the same lenses, at least
in the context of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010, rather than be
semantically micro-analysed as being conceptually different.

73 For the reasons outlined above, I consider that Parliament’s intention is
not to distinguish principal offenders from assistant offenders when it comes
to determining whether one is a repeat offender _vis-à-vis_ the offence of
unlicensed moneylending. Therefore, I interpret s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA
2010 to mean that regardless of whether an offender was previously convicted
of actually carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending or merely
assisting in the same under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010, he is to be considered a
second or subsequent offender for the purposes of s 14(1)_(b_)(ii) of the MLA
2010 upon his next conviction for either actually carrying on the business of
unlicensed moneylending or merely assisting in the same. In other words, the
offences of carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending and assisting
in the carrying on of such business under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 should be
treated as the same in the context of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010.

(3) Whether the moneylending offences under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 are
the same as the offences described by s 14(1) of the MLA 2010

74 I have held above (at [73]) that the offences of carrying on the business
of unlicensed moneylending and assisting in the carrying on of such business
under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 should be treated as the same in the context of
s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 for the purposes of determining whether a
later offence is a “second or subsequent offence”. Extending the reasoning
(see above at [47]) that a subsequent offence can only be considered a repeat
offence if it is the same as the prior offence, unlicensed moneylending
offences under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 may be prior offences for the
purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 only if they are the same as
either of the two above-mentioned offences under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010.

(A) Different penalties for first offenders

75 As stated above at [27], Mr Kumar repeatedly pointed out that the offence
of unlicensed moneylending under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 was different
from that under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 because the punishment for a first
offender under s 14(1)(_b_)(i) of the MLA 2010 was heavier than the
corresponding punishment under s 8(1)(i) of the MLA 1985.

76 Mr Kumar’s submission in this regard was based on the argument that the
Court of Appeal in _Tan Teck Hin_ (see above at [38]–[39]) had in fact
misapplied the Canadian authority of _Campbell v The King_ (1949) 95 CCC 63 (“
_Campbell_ ”). In coming to its decision in _Tan Teck Hin_ , the Court of
Appeal had adopted the decision in _Campbell_. In particular, the Court of
Appeal held in _Tan Teck Hin_ at [39]–[41]:

39 _Re Green_ [[1936] 2 DLR 153] was followed by the Prince Edward Island
Supreme Court in the case of _Campbell_ … In that case, the appellant was
convicted on a charge of possession of spirits in violation of a section of
the Excise Act [_viz_ , the Excise Act 1934, c 52 (Can)]. He was sentenced, as
for second offence, to the minimum penalty of six months’ imprisonment and a
fine and costs. He contended that the imposition of a second offence penalty
was invalid on the ground that his previous offence was under the same section
of the Act before it was amended. As in the instant case, the amendment in
that case was also to enhance the penalty for the same offence. _The appellant
contended that the punishment for a second or subsequent offence under the re-
enactment could not be imposed unless the previous offence was also under the
re-enactment._

40 _Campbell CJ referred to the decision of Chisholm CJ in_ Re Green _… and
held that the previous conviction under the enactment before its amendment
could properly be taken into account for the purpose of deciding whether the
appellant should be subject to punishment as for a second offence._

41 _We would adopt the decision of these learned judges in these two Canadian
cases in which a similar point arose for decision._ We have no doubt at all
that the previous conviction of the respondent in this case under s 67(1) of
the Act [_ie_ , the repealed s 67(1) RTA] should be taken into consideration
in deciding whether the proper punishment in his case should be as for a
second or subsequent offence. We hold that the punishment in this case should
have been as for a second offence.

[emphasis added]

77 Mr Kumar submitted that the Court of Appeal might have decided _Tan Teck
Hin_ differently if the following paragraph from _Campbell_ had been brought
to its attention[note: 31] (see _Campbell_ at 65–66):

Sections 164 and 169 of the Excise Act [_viz_ , the Excise Act 1934, c 52
(Can)] can be readily analyzed into three essential components: (a) The
ingredients of the offence; (b)  _the punishment for first offence;_ (c) the
punishment for second offence or subsequent offence. _So far as (a) and (b)
are concerned the re-enactment of 1948 leaves the law precisely the same as it
previously was._ The sole purpose of the repeal and re-enactment was to make
it clear th[at] (c) both fine and imprisonment with hard labour must be
imposed in the first instance on a second or subsequent offender. _So far,
therefore, as the nature of the offence and the punishment for a first offence
are concerned, the repeal and re-enactment must be construed as an affirmation
and continuance of the former law, or as Lord Esher said_ [in _Ex p Todd, Re
Ashcroft_ (1887) 19 QBD 186 at 195]_, so far as the re-enactment is a
repetition of the repealed section, it must apply to transactions which took
place before the commencement of the new Act._ [original emphasis omitted;
emphasis added in italics]

Therefore, Mr Kumar argued that for _Campbell_ to apply, the punishment for a
first offender under the new Act had to be the same as the corresponding
punishment under the old Act. The corollary of this argument is that _Tan Teck
Hin_ was wrongly decided since the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA provided for more
severe penalties for first offenders than the repealed s 67(1) RTA (see below
at [89]–[90]).

78 I did not accept Mr Kumar’s argument. First, it is not clear that
_Campbell_ itself would have been decided differently if the punishment for a
first offence had been increased after the Excise Act 1934, c 52 (Can) was
repealed and re-enacted. Indeed, the paragraph which preceded the passage
quoted by Mr Kumar (see above at [77]) read as follows (see _Campbell_ at 65):

The principle so enunciated by the Supreme Court of Canada [in _Trans-Canada
Ins Co v Winter_ [1935] 1 DLR 272] and by the Court of Appeal of England [in
_Ex p Todd, Re Ashcroft_ (1887) 19 QBD 186], is admirably stated in a
reference to United States cases made by Chisholm C.J. of the Supreme Court of
Nova Scotia, in _Re Green_ , 65 Can. C.C. 353 at p. 355, [1936] 2 D.L.R. 153
at p. 155, 10 M.P.R. 335 at pp. 338–9: “That the repeal and simultaneous re-
enactment of _substantially the same statutory provisions_ must be construed,
not as an implied repeal of the original statute, but as an affirmance and
continuance of the statute in uninterrupted operation.” [emphasis added]

To my mind, the phrase “substantially the same statutory provisions” in the
aforesaid principle considered in _Campbell_ does not require the penalties
for first offenders under the old Act to be exactly the same as the
corresponding penalties under the new Act in order for offences under the old
Act to be considered as prior offences for the purposes of the new Act.

79 Further, I do not think that _Tan Teck Hin_ would have been decided
differently even if the passage from _Campbell_ reproduced at [77] above had
been drawn to the Court of Appeal’s attention (and here, I am only assuming
that that had in fact not been done). _Tan Teck Hin_ was decided by construing
the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA in accordance with Parliament’s intention (see _Tan
Teck Hin_ at [34]–[35]):

34 What is before us is simply whether a conviction under s 67(1) before its
“repeal” [_ie_ , a conviction under the repealed s 67(1) RTA] can properly be
taken into account when applying the subsection after its “repeal” [_ie_ ,
when applying the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA]. The issue is one of construction,
of ascertaining the intention of Parliament when enacting the new provision.

35 We have no doubt at all that what Parliament intended to do was simply to
enhance the punishment for persons found guilty of driving while under the
influence of alcohol [or] drugs. The offence dealt with by the amended
subsection [_viz_ , the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA] is the same as that under the
old subsection [_viz_ , the repealed s 67(1) RTA]. _What was changed was the
punishment prescribed for persons convicted of the offence. The Legislature
was particularly intent on dealing severely with repeat offenders._ Rather
than prescribing a maximum fine and imprisonment term and leaving it to the
courts to impose an appropriate punishment up to the maximum, Parliament
prescribed the minimum as well. _This indicates beyond doubt an intention to
see that such criminal conduct is treated with the required degree of
seriousness by the courts._ If the argument for the respondent [_viz_ , that
his previous conviction under the repealed s 67(1) RTA did not count as a
prior offence for the purposes of the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA] is correct, it
would lead to the absurd result that a person no matter how many times he has
been convicted in the past under the old subsection would be treated as a
first offender if he is convicted for the first time under the new subsection.
This would obviously defeat the intention of the Legislature.

[emphasis added]

80 As seen above, the Court of Appeal in _Tan Teck Hin_ observed (at [7]) that
after the repeal and re-enactment of s 67(1) of the RTA, first offenders
became subject to a minimum fine. It noted in the same paragraph that the
penalty had become “drastically enhanced” for repeat offenders. Considering
the changes in the punishment for persons convicted under s 67(1) of the RTA,
the Court of Appeal had no doubt that Parliament intended to enhance the
punishment for persons found guilty of driving while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs (see [79] above). Of central relevance in _Tan Teck Hin_ was
Parliament’s intention to see that repeat drink drivers were “treated with the
required degree of seriousness by the courts” (see _Tan Teck Hin_ at [35]).
This was entirely consistent with the raising of penalties for (_inter alia_)
first offenders. Therefore, I do not think that the Court of Appeal’s decision
in _Tan Teck Hin_ would have turned on whether the penalties for first
offenders under the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA had been made more severe than the
corresponding penalties under the repealed s 67(1) RTA.

81 Returning to _Campbell_ , I note that the Supreme Court of Canada has in
fact approved the application of _Campbell_ in a situation where the new
legislation in question provided for increased penalties for a first offender
as well. In the Northwest Territories Court of Appeal case of _Regina v
Johnston_ [1977] 2 WWR 613 (“ _Johnston_ ”), the offender was convicted of
impaired driving under s 236(1) of the Criminal Code, RSC 1970, c C-34 (Can)
as re-enacted by the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1974-75-76, c 93 (Can). He had
previously been convicted under a previous version of the same section, which
read as follows (see _Johnston_ at 614):

236\. Every one who drives a motor vehicle or has the care or control of a
motor vehicle, whether it is in motion or not, having consumed alcohol in such
a quantity that the proportion thereof in his blood exceeds 80 milligrams of
alcohol in 100 millilitres of blood, is guilty of an offence punishable on
summary conviction _and is liable to a fine of not less than fifty dollars and
not more than one thousand dollars or to imprisonment for not more than six
months, or both._ [emphasis added]

In between the offender’s first and second convictions, that section was
repealed and substituted with the following (see _Johnston_ at 614):

236\. (1) Every one who drives a motor vehicle or has the care or control of a
motor vehicle, whether it is in motion or not, having consumed alcohol in such
a quantity that the proportion thereof in his blood exceeds 80 milligrams of
alcohol in 100 millilitres of blood, is guilty of an indictable offence or an
offence punishable on summary conviction and is liable

(_a_) for a first offence, to a fine of not more than two thousand dollars and
not less than fifty dollars or to imprisonment for six months or to both;

(_b_) _for a second offence, to imprisonment for not more than one year and
not less than fourteen days;_ and

(_c_) for each subsequent offence, to imprisonment for not more than two years
and not less than three months ...

236.1. Where a person who is guilty of an offence under section 234, 234.1,
235 or 236 has previously been convicted of an offence under any of those
sections, that conviction or those convictions shall be deemed to be, for the
purpose of determining the punishment to which the person is subject under any
of those sections, a first or second offence, as the case may be.

[emphasis added]

82 The Northwest Territories Court of Appeal held that the judge in the court
below had applied _Campbell_ correctly (see _Johnston_ at 618–619 _per_
Clement JA, delivering the judgment of the court):

I take the same view of the conviction of [the offender] in 1975\. It was in
no way affected by the subsequent substitution of s. 236. It remains as an
unaltered fact. Nothing has been added to or taken away from that offence or
its penalty. Putting aside the doctrine of retrospectivity as an element in
the construction of the substituted section, _there is much support for the
opinion of Tallis J._ [_viz_ , the judge in the court below] _that on the
proper construction of s. 236(1)(_ b _) the earlier offence of 1975 invokes
its operation._ He himself relied on the judgment of Spence J. (then of the
High Court of Ontario) in _Regina v. Lelievre_ , [1956] O.W.N. 198, 115 C.C.C.
404, and on the judgment of Campbell C.J. in _Campbell_ … In the latter case
Campbell C.J. relied, amongst other authority, upon the canon of construction
stated in _Re Green; Re Jamel_ , 10 M.P.R. 335 at 338, 65 C.C.C. 353, [1936] 2
D.L.R. 153 (C.A.):

“ _That the repeal and simultaneous re-enactment of substantially the same
statutory provisions must be construed, not as an implied repeal of the
or[i]ginal statute, but as an affirmation and continuance of the statute in
uninterrupted operation._ ”

[emphasis added]

Notably, the quotation from _Re Green_ [1936] 2 DLR 153 cited at 618–619 of
_Johnston_ was the same as that cited with approval by our Court of Appeal in
_Tan Teck Hin_ (at [38]).

83 Most significantly, the Northwest Territories Court of Appeal also
dismissed the same argument that Mr Kumar made in the present appeal, _viz_ ,
that the offences in the old and the new versions of the statutory provision
in question were different because the new version provided for more severe
penalties for first offenders. In _Johnston_ , the Northwest Territories Court
of Appeal held (at 620):

It is urged that the provisions in the substituted section that an accused may
be charged either on indictment or with an offence punishable on summary
conviction with liability to more severe penalties on a first offence
sufficiently separate it from the old section. I do not think so. The offence
is the same. Parliament has stated that for the future the commission of the
same offence must be dealt with more rigorously in the public interest.

84 The appeal against the Northwest Territories Court of Appeal’s decision in
_Johnston_ was summarily dismissed by the Supreme Court of Canada, which
delivered a brief oral judgment stating its unanimous approval of the
Northwest Territories Court of Appeal’s conclusion for the reasons that it
gave (see _Johnston v The Queen_ [1978] 2 WWR 478).

85 Finally, I also note that the fact that the new version of a statute
increased the penalty for a first offender did not trouble the English Court
of Criminal Appeal in a similar case. In _The King v Frederick Austin_ [1913]
1 KB 551 (“ _Austin_ ”), the offender was convicted of living on the earnings
of prostitution and was deemed a rogue and vagabond within the meaning of the
Vagrancy Act 1898 (c 39) (UK). He had three previous convictions for similar
offences. In between his previous convictions and the conviction which was in
issue in _Austin_ , the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1912 (c 20) (UK) was passed
to increase the penalty for a first offender from a maximum of three months’
imprisonment to a maximum of six months’ imprisonment with hard labour. In
addition, the same amendment Act provided that on conviction on indictment for
a subsequent offence, an offender could be whipped in addition to being
imprisoned. Phillimore J held that in order to justify a sentence of whipping,
it was not necessary that an offender should have had a previous conviction
since the enactment of the amendment Act; neither was it necessary for the
offender’s previous conviction to have been on indictment (see _Austin_ at
555).

86 Having carefully considered _Tan Teck Hin_ as well as the cases of
_Campbell_ , _Johnston_ and _Austin_ discussed above, I could not accept Mr
Kumar’s argument that the offence of unlicensed moneylending under s 8(1)(_b_)
of the MLA 1985 was different from that under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 because
the punishment for a first offender under s 14(1)(_b_)(i) of the MLA 2010 was
heftier than the corresponding punishment under s 8(1)(i) of the MLA 1985.

87 For completeness, I also deal with Mr Kumar’s related argument that it was
simply not fair to punish the Appellant as a repeat offender under the MLA
2010 when the punishment for a first offender under the MLA 2010 was already
stiffer than that provided for in the MLA 1985 (see above at [27]). With
respect, I did not see the logic of this argument. That the punishment for a
first offender was stiffer under the MLA 2010 was irrelevant to the Appellant
if he were correctly considered to be a repeat offender under the MLA 2010,
which was the preliminary issue at hand in this appeal. As for Mr Kumar’s
suggestion that the court could impose a slightly higher punishment on account
of the Appellant’s prior convictions under the MLA 1985 even if it were to
treat him as a first offender under the MLA 2010 (see above at [27]), this
would neither be proper nor necessary if the Appellant were rightly identified
as a second or subsequent offender under the MLA 2010.

(B) Different wording and structure

88 The offence of unlicensed moneylending is set out differently under the MLA
2010 as compared to under the MLA 1985. This is primarily due to the changes
introduced when the MLA 1985 was repealed and re-enacted as the MLA 2008 (see
above at [63]). While s 8(1) of the MLA 1985 provided for both the offence of
unlicensed moneylending and the punishment for it, the MLA 2008 prohibited
unlicensed moneylending under s 5(1), and separately provided that the
contravention or the assistance in the contravention of s 5(1) was an offence
and was punishable under s 14(1). The MLA 2010, which the Appellant’s present
offences fall under, proscribes unlicensed moneylending in much the same way
as the MLA 2008, save that the existing penalties have been enhanced and the
additional punishment of caning has been made available under s 14(1A) of the
MLA 2010 (see above at [65]).

89 As the offence of unlicensed moneylending is now set out differently under
the MLA 2010, this case is a first of sorts. In the previous cases dealing
with the point of law raised by the preliminary issue presently under
consideration, the new version of the statute in question had largely (if not
entirely) preserved the way in which the offence was set out in the previous
version of the statute. For example, in _Tan Teck Hin_ , the repealed s 67(1)
RTA read as follows (see _Tan Teck Hin_ at [3]):

_Any person who, when driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle on a road
or other public place, is under the influence of drink or of a drug to such an
extent as to be incapable of having proper control of such vehicle, shall be
guilty of an offence_ and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $1,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months, and in
the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding $2,000
or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to both. [original
emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

90 The re-enacted s 67(1) RTA read as follows (see _Tan Teck Hin_ at [4]):

_Any person who, when driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle on a road
or other public place, is under the influence of drink or of a drug to such an
extent as to be incapable of having proper control of such vehicle shall be
guilty of an offence_ and shall be liable on conviction to a fine of not less
than $1,000 and not more than $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 6 months and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, to a
fine of not less than $3,000 and not more than $10,000 and to imprisonment for
a term not exceeding 12 months. [emphasis added]

As can be seen, although the re-enacted s 67(1) RTA provided for more severe
punishment for both first and repeat offenders, that part of the re-enacted s
67(1) RTA which set out the offence was exactly the same as the corresponding
part of the repealed s 67(1) RTA.

91 This was the same situation as that in _Public Prosecutor v Mohd Yusoff bin
Jalil_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 895 (“ _Jalil_ ”), where s 8(_a_) of the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the MDA 1985”) entirely preserved the
wording of the offence of possession under s 6(_a_) of the Misuse of Drugs Act
1973 (Act 5 of 1973) (“the MDA 1973”), but provided for stricter punishment
for second and subsequent offenders. Yong CJ held that the respondent’s
conviction in 1980 under s 6(_a_) of the MDA 1973 subsisted as a “ _previous
conviction_ ” [emphasis in original] (see _Jalil_ at [3]) for the same offence
that later became the offence under s 8(_a_) of the MDA 1985.

92 In contrast, in the case of _Public Prosecutor v Chen Chih Sheng and
another appeal_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 182 (“ _Chen Chih Sheng_ ”), there was a
substantive change in the wording providing for the offence in question. This
case is particularly instructive. There, a restaurant’s employment of a
foreign worker without having obtained a valid work permit was attributable to
the default of the offender, who was the managing director of the restaurant.
Such employment was an offence under the Employment of Foreign Workers Act
(Cap 91A, 1991 Rev Ed) as amended by the Employment of Foreign Workers
(Amendment) Act 1995 (Act 37 of 1995) (“the amended EFWA 1991”). The offender
had a previous conviction pursuant to similar provisions in the pre-amended
version of the same Act (“the original EFWA 1991”). The Prosecution submitted
that the offender’s conviction under the original EFWA 1991 meant that his
conviction under the amended EFWA 1991 was a second conviction for the
purposes of the latter Act. Therefore, the Prosecution argued, the offender
was subject to mandatory imprisonment.

93 In coming to his decision, Yong CJ compared a series of matching provisions
in the original EFWA 1991 and the amended EFWA 1991. To illustrate my point, I
need only discuss his comparison of s 5(6) of the original EFWA 1991 and s 16D
of the amended EFWA 1991. Both provisions provided that an officer of a
company would be guilty of the offence of employing a foreign worker without a
valid work permit if the same offence, as committed by his company, was proved
to be attributable to him. Section 5(6) of the original EFWA 1991 read as
follows:

When any offence under subsection (1) [_viz_ , the offence of employing a
foreign worker without a valid work permit] committed by a body corporate is
proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be
attributable to _any neglect_ on the part of, any director, manager, secretary
or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person purporting to act
in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that
offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
[emphasis added]

Section 16D of the amended EFWA 1991 read:

Where an offence under this Act or any regulations made thereunder is
committed by a body corporate, and it is proved to have been committed with
the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to _any act or default_ on
the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the
body corporate, or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity,
he, as well as the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and shall
be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly. [emphasis added]

94 In respect of the aforesaid provisions, Yong CJ held (see _Chen Chih Sheng_
at [46]):

46 Having perused the relevant sections of the 1991 as well as the 1995 Act
[_viz_ , the original EFWA 1991 and the amended EFWA 1991 respectively], I
agreed with the submissions of the DPP. The only difference between the 1991
and the 1995 Acts is that the 1995 Act has incorporated into it the amendments
made to the 1991 Act by the Employment of Foreign Workers (Amendment) Act (Act
37 of 1995). _So far as the offence in the instant case is concerned, its
definition has remained the same save for the following changes_ :

(a) _In the 1991 Act, the offence of employing a worker without a valid work
permit by the body corporate must be attributable to the neglect of the
accused. In the 1995 Act, the offence by the body corporate must be
attributable to the act or default of the accused._ I do not propose to go
into an exhaustive or in-depth examination of the term “default” in the
context of the 1995 Act. Suffice it to say that in interpreting the term, it
is useful to keep in mind the natural and ordinary meaning of the word
“default” as a working guide, albeit with the qualification that this is not
exhaustive. For present purposes, it suffices to note that one of the meanings
of default as defined in the Oxford English Dictionary is: “Failure to act;
neglect”.

_It is clear therefore that the phrase “act or default” is wider than and
includes the term “neglect”._

…

[emphasis added]

95 Having dealt with and compared the other matching provisions of the
original EFWA 1991 and the amended EFWA 1991, Yong CJ concluded as follows
(see _Chen Chih Sheng_ at [47]):

It was clear from the above comparison that the sole effect of the amendments
to the offence in question between 1991 and 1995 was to broaden the ambit of
the offence. _In other words, the same facts which would support a conviction
under s 5(6) read with s 5(1) and punishable under s 5(4) of the 1991 Act_
[_viz_ , the original EFWA 1991] _would also sustain a conviction under s 16D
read with s 5(1) and punishable under s 5(4) of the 1995 Act_ [_viz_ , the
amended EFWA 1991]_._ As such, I did not see why the accused’s conviction
under s 5(6) read with s 5(1) and punishable under s 5(4) of the 1991 Act
should not count as a previous conviction under the 1995 Act, so as to make
the accused’s current conviction under s 16D read with s 5(1) and punishable
under s 5(4) of the 1995 Act a second conviction which would attract the
sentence of mandatory imprisonment under s 5(4)(_b_)(i) of the 1995 Act.
Clearly, the intention of Parliament in re-enacting s 5(4)(_b_)(i) of the 1995
Act was to ensure stricter punishment for individuals who repeatedly committed
the offence in question, and it would be an absurd denial of Parliament’s
intention if in considering whether the accused’s current conviction was a
second conviction, the courts were to ignore his past conviction on the mere
basis that … he had been convicted under an earlier edition of the Act which
defined the offence in question more narrowly than the 1995 Act. I therefore
allowed the Prosecution’s appeal against sentence. [emphasis added]

96 In my view, _Chen Chih Sheng_ is sound authority for the proposition that
the test for whether an offence provided for under the previous version of a
statutory provision is _the same_ as the offence provided for under the new
version of that statutory provision is whether the same facts which would
support a conviction under the previous version would also sustain a
conviction under the new version. In short, only the ingredients of the
offence need be the same.

97 In the present case, it is clear that the facts supporting a conviction for
carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending under s 8(1)(_b_) of the
MLA 1985 would also support a conviction for carrying on the business of
unlicensed moneylending in contravention of s 5(1) of the MLA 2010, which is
an offence under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010. Further, it is also clear that the
facts supporting a conviction for the abetment (by intentional aiding) of
carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending under s 8(1)(_b_) of the
MLA 1985 would also support a conviction for assisting in the carrying on of
the business of unlicensed moneylending, which is also a contravention of s
5(1) of the MLA 2010 and an offence under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010.

98 Therefore, for the purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010, the two
aforementioned offences under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 are the same as the
offences under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 of carrying on the business of
unlicensed moneylending and assisting in the carrying on of such business
(respectively, contravening and assisting in the contravention of s 5(1) of
the MLA 2010).

(4) Whether Parliament intended that convictions for moneylending offences
under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 should count as prior convictions for the
purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010

(A) Absence of transitional and savings provisions

99 I shall now deal with Mr Kumar’s submission that if it were Parliament’s
intention for prior convictions for unlicensed moneylending under s 8(1)(_b_)
of the MLA 1985 to count as prior convictions for the purposes of s 14(1) of
the MLA 2010, then Parliament would have provided specifically for it. In this
regard, Mr Kumar referred to s 5 of the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act
(Cap 91A, 1997 Rev Ed) (as amended by the Employment of Foreign Workers
(Amendment) Act 2007 (Act 30 of 2007)), the salient portions of which provide
as follows:

**Prohibition of employment of foreign employee without work pass**

**5.** —(1) No person shall employ a foreign employee unless the foreign
employee has a valid work pass.

...

(6) Any person who contravenes subsection (1) shall be guilty of an offence
and shall —

(_a_) be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $15,000 or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to both; and

(_b_) on a second or subsequent conviction —

(i) in the case of an individual, be punished with imprisonment for a term of
not less than one month and not more than 12 months and also be liable to a
fine not exceeding $15,000; and

(ii) in the case of a body corporate, be punished with a fine not exceeding
$30,000.

…

(8) For the purposes of this section —

...

(_b_) _for the avoidance of doubt, where a person has been convicted of an
offence under subsection (6), and he has on a previous occasion been convicted
for contravening section 5(1) of the Employment of Foreign Workers Act in
force immediately before the date of commencement of the Employment of Foreign
Workers (Amendment) Act 2007, the first-mentioned conviction shall be
considered a second or subsequent conviction under subsection (6)_ …

...

[emphasis added]

100 I noted that the MLA 2010 specifically provides for transitional and
savings provisions under s 38. However, none of those provisions deal with the
actual issue at hand. Nonetheless, I accepted Mr San’s and Mr Lim’s arguments
that the absence of transitional and savings provisions is of little
consequence to the present analysis. The following passages from F A R
Bennion, _Bennion on Statutory Interpretation: A Code_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed,
2008) (at pp 314 and 725–726) are illuminating:

**Section 96. Transitional provisions on repeal, amendment etc**

(1) Where an Act contains substantive, amending or repealing enactments, it
commonly also includes transitional provisions which regulate the coming into
operation of those enactments and modify their effect during the period of
transition.

(2) _Where the Act fails to include such provisions expressly, the court is
required to draw such inferences as to the intended transitional arrangements
as, in the light of the interpretive criteria, it considers Parliament to have
intended._

...

**Section 243. The saving**

A saving is a provision the intention of which is to narrow the effect of the
enactment to which it refers so as to preserve some existing legal rule or
right from its operation.

...

_… Very often a saving is unnecessary, but is put in_ ex abundanti cautela _to
quieten doubts._

…

An unsatisfactory feature of savings, and a reason why good drafters resist
the addition of unnecessary savings, is that they may throw doubt on matters
it is intended to preserve, but which are not mentioned in the saving. ...

[emphasis added]

101 In my view, the absence of transitional and savings provisions providing
that prior convictions for unlicensed moneylending under s 8(1)(_b_) of the
MLA 1985 should count as prior convictions for the purposes of s
14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 is far from conclusive in indicating that
Parliament’s intention was for it not to be so. Rather, in the absence of such
provisions, it is for the court to give effect to s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA
2010 as it considers Parliament to have intended.

(B) To ignore prior convictions for unlicensed moneylending (and the abetting
by intentional aiding thereof) under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 would defeat
the legislative intention

102 I have already traced the legislative history of the MLA 2010 (at
[58]–[66] above) and concluded (at [68] above) that the markedly robust
increases in the penalties for unlicensed moneylending over the years indicate
that Parliament has set its face implacably against this societal problem. As
stated above at [98], the offences under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 of
carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending and abetting (by
intentionally aiding) the carrying on of such business are the same as the
offences under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 of carrying on the business of
unlicensed moneylending and assisting in the carrying on of such business
(respectively, contravening and assisting in the contravention of s 5(1) of
the MLA 2010). What is different in the MLA 2010 is the increased penalties
for both first and repeat offenders in respect of these offences. In
particular, the higher maximum imprisonment term provided for repeat offenders
under s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 as compared to first offenders shows
Parliament’s clear intention to punish repeat offenders more severely than
first offenders.

103 In my view, it would entirely defeat the legislative intention if the
courts were to ignore prior convictions for unlicensed moneylending (and the
abetting by intentional aiding thereof) under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 when
considering whether an offender should be punished as a repeat offender under
s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010. To ignore such prior convictions would be to
“[wipe] the slate clean”[note: 32] for all offenders who have been convicted
of offences under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985. I agreed that this would be an
absurd result in the face of Parliament’s untiring refrain of wanting to send
a strong signal of zero tolerance for unlicensed moneylending activities.

(C) The ROCA

104 Given my ruling at [103] above, Mr San’s submission based on s 7E of the
ROCA (see above at [31]) was quite unnecessary. However, for completeness, I
will deal with it briefly. Section 7E(2)(_c_) of the ROCA provides that in the
context of court proceedings, a person’s criminal records will not be
considered spent and can be considered for (_inter alia_) sentencing purposes.
Mr San argued that given Parliament’s reluctance to expunge an offender’s
criminal records wholly, it could not have intended that an offender’s
previous conviction was to be disregarded only because that previous
conviction was under a repealed Act.[note: 33] With respect, I did not find
this argument particularly helpful. It was as weak as it was broad. Whether or
not a previous conviction under a repealed Act should be regarded as a
previous conviction for the purposes of the replacement Act depends on
Parliament’s intent regarding the specific statutory provision in question,
which intent is to be ascertained by taking into account, _inter alia_ , the
considerations which I have discussed in coming to my conclusion at [103]
above.

Whether treating the Appellant’s present offences as repeat offences under the
MLA 2010 would contravene Art 11(1) of the Constitution

105 Notwithstanding my views on Parliament’s intention (see above at [103]),
the Appellant could nonetheless still have succeeded in the present appeal if
he had succeeded on his alternative submission that to treat his convictions
under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 as prior convictions for the purposes of s
14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 would be contrary to Art 11(1) of the
Constitution. To recap, Art 11(1) of the Constitution (reproduced earlier at
[29] above) reads as follows:

**Protection against retrospective criminal laws and** **repeated trials**

**11.** —(1) No person shall be punished for an act or omission which was not
punishable by law when it was done or made, and _no person shall suffer
greater punishment for an offence than was prescribed by law at the time_ _it
was committed._ [emphasis added]

106 If the Appellant’s alternative submission were correct, he would succeed
in his appeal because Parliament’s powers are ultimately limited by the
Constitution. In this regard, Kevin Y L Tan & Thio Li-ann, _Constitutional Law
in Malaysia and Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2010) states this trite
principle thus (at p 353):

**(2) LIMITS TO LEGISLATIVE COMPETENCE**

A legislative body which operates under a written constitution derives its
legislative competence and powers from the constitution itself. It cannot
therefore promulgate laws which are contrary to the constitution, unless it
complies with the special procedure for constitutional amendment. …

107 Mr Kumar argued that the second limb of Art 11(1) of the Constitution
prohibited treating the Appellant as a repeat offender for the purposes of s
14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010. This was because the word “offence” in s
14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 referred to an offence under s 14(1) of the MLA
2010, and not an offence under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985.[note: 34]
Therefore, since the Appellant was being convicted under s 14(1) of the MLA
2010 for the first time, to treat him as a repeat offender for the purposes of
s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 was to apply s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) to him
retrospectively.[note: 35]

108 With respect, this was, on closer analysis, no more than a tired rehash of
Mr Kumar’s argument that s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 should not be
construed to include convictions for unlicensed moneylending under s 8(1)(_b_)
of the MLA 1985 for the purposes of determining whether the Appellant was a
repeat offender. Since I have rejected Mr Kumar’s argument on that point (see
above at [103]), his argument in relation to Art 11(1) of the Constitution
necessarily fails as well.

109 The effect of the second limb of Art 11(1) of the Constitution is that no
one may be punished more severely for an offence than was legally provided for
when the offence was committed. Criminal laws guide human behaviour by
threatening the imposition of certain penalties for certain misconduct. It
would not be fair to raise the stakes after the misconduct is committed. The
more severe penalties would also achieve nothing in the way of general
deterrence by then.

110 Article 11(1) of the Constitution might arguably be engaged if one
conceives of the enhanced penalties for second or subsequent offences as being
also punishment for the first offence. On that conception, since the enhanced
penalties for second or subsequent moneylending offences are more severe now
than they were when the Appellant committed his prior moneylending offences in
November 2008, he would be suffering greater punishment for his earlier
offences than was prescribed by law at the time those offences were committed.
I do not think this conception of the enhanced penalties for repeat offences
is correct. The correct view is that such enhanced penalties are punishment
for only the repeat offences, and not for the earlier offences as well.

111 This is because the effect of the first offence is to _aggravate_ the
commission of the repeat offence. The aggravated nature of the repeat offence
forms the basis for punishing it more severely. Even without legislation
specifically providing for it, it is an established sentencing principle for
repeat offenders to be punished more severely on account of the aggravated
nature of their second or subsequent offences. Legislation such as s
14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 merely serves to increase the court’s
sentencing powers when it comes to taking into account the aggravated nature
of the repeat offence. The enhanced penalties imposed on a repeat offender are
to punish him for committing the same offence a second or subsequent time. It
would be a stretch to assert that they are imposed to punish him once again
for committing the offence the first time.

112 Therefore, the only question that the second limb of Art 11(1) of the
Constitution raises is whether the Appellant suffers greater punishment for
his present offences than was prescribed by law at the time they were
committed. Since the enhanced penalties under s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010
were in force at the time the Appellant committed the present offences, there
is no contravention of Art 11(1). It is not unfair or retrospective to impose
the enhanced penalties for repeat offences provided for under s 14(1)(_b_)(ii)
of the MLA 2010 on the Appellant as he could have avoided those penalties by
not committing the present offences. I leave this point by gratefully adopting
Phillimore J’s eloquent concluding remarks in _Austin_ (at 556):

It is said that a retrospective effect must not be given to a penal statute.
No doubt; one can hardly imagine the Legislature punishing a man for having
done an act which at the time of its commission was a perfectly innocent act.
_But to prescribe punishment for an old offender in case in the future he
persists in his crime is quite another matter. The offence in question was
committed since the Act_ [_viz_ , the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1912 (c 20)
(UK)]_. The Act says that a man guilty in the future may, if he has already
been guilty in the past, be punished as he could not have been before the Act.
There is nothing wrong in that. No man has such a vested interest in his past
crimes and their consequences as would entitle him to insist that in no future
legislation shall any regard whatever be had to his previous history._
[emphasis added]

Summary and determination of the preliminary issue

113 To summarise the foregoing analysis of the preliminary issue, there is no
particular significance to be attached to the repeal of the MLA 1985 and its
re-enactment as the MLA 2008. This appears to be an instance of legislative
housekeeping rather than one of radical change. Whether previous offences
committed under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 may be taken into account as prior
offences for the purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 is a matter of
statutory construction. In this regard, the offences under s 8(1)(_b_) of the
MLA 1985 of carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending and abetting
(by intentionally aiding) the carrying on of such business are the same as the
offences under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 of carrying on the business of
unlicensed moneylending and assisting in the carrying on of such business
(respectively, contravening and assisting in the contravention of s 5(1) of
the MLA 2010).

114 It is abundantly clear from the conspicuous increases in the penalties for
unlicensed moneylending over the years, the parliamentary debates and the more
severe penalties for repeat offenders _vis-à-vis_ first offenders that
Parliament has signalled that offenders who are repeatedly involved (either as
principal or assistant) in unlicensed moneylending operations must be severely
dealt with. On a purposive interpretation of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010,
previous offences of carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending under
s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 and abetting (by intentionally aiding) the same
should count as prior offences for the purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA
2010\. This would be the case regardless of whether the second or subsequent
offence under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 is one of carrying on the business of
unlicensed moneylending or assisting in the same (respectively, contravening
and assisting in the contravention of s 5(1) of the MLA 2010). This
construction of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 does not contravene Art 11(1)
of the Constitution.

115 Focusing on the specific circumstances of the Appellant’s case now, the
Appellant’s prior convictions were for abetting (by intentionally aiding) the
carrying on of the business of unlicensed moneylending under s 8(1)(_b_) of
the MLA 1985. He did so by disbursing money to an unlicensed moneylending
syndicate’s runner. His present charges were for issuing loans and collecting
repayments of loans in consequence of a conspiracy to carry on the business of
unlincensed moneylending, which conduct was a contravention of s 5(1) of the
MLA 2010 and, thus, an offence under s 14(1) of the MLA 2010. In this regard,
I disagreed with Mr Kumar’s submission that in respect of the present
offences, the Appellant merely assisted in the contravention of s 5(1) of the
MLA 2010.

116 Notwithstanding that the Statement of Facts stated that the Appellant was
arrested “for _assisting_ in carrying on an unlicensed moneylending business”
[emphasis added],[note: 36] it also made clear that the Appellant was a
partner in the unlicensed moneylending business whose activities contravened s
5(1) of the MLA 2010.[note: 37] In fact, the Appellant can be considered an
“equity partner” since he was promised a 30% share of the profits.

117 I noted that the acts of collecting repayment and issuing loans on behalf
of an unlicensed moneylender came within the defined instances of assisting in
the contravention of s 14(1) of the MLA 2010 (and in turn, assisting in the
contravention of s 5(1) of the MLA 2010) as set out by s 14(3A) of the MLA
2010. Sections 14(3A)(_a_) and (_b_) provide as follows:

**Unlicensed moneylending**

**14**. …

...

(3A) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), a person assists
in a contravention of subsection (1) if —

(_a_) he _collects or demands payment of a loan on behalf of a person_ whom he
knows or has reasonable grounds to believe is carrying on a business in
contravention of section 5(1);

(_b_) he receives, possesses, conceals or _disposes of any funds_ or other
property, or engages in a banking transaction relating to any funds, _on
behalf of any person_ knowing or having reasonable grounds to believe that —

(i) the person is carrying on a business in contravention of section 5(1); and

(ii) either the funds are (or are intended to be) disbursed as a loan by that
person, or the funds or property is repayment of a loan made by the person …

[emphasis added]

However, the Appellant was not merely assisting in the unlicensed moneylending
business by collecting repayments and issuing loans on behalf of B2 and B3. As
stated above, he was in partnership with them as they conducted the unlicensed
moneylending business together. I therefore accepted Mr San’s submission that
the Appellant’s conduct had clearly gone beyond that of mere assistance. In
respect of the present offences, the Appellant had been carrying on the
business of unlicensed moneylending on his own account.

118 Therefore, the Appellant’s prior offences were for abetting (by
intentionally aiding) the carrying on of an unlicensed moneylending business
under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985, while his present offences were for
actually carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending in contravention
of s 5(1) of the MLA 2010. I have held (see above at [98]) that these offences
are the same for the purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010. In the
light of the above, Mr Kumar’s submission that the Appellant’s previous
offences (which he said were for abetting) and the Appellant’s present
offences (which he said were for assisting) were different offences (see above
at [28]) was quite clearly off the mark. As none of Mr Kumar’s other
submissions found any success either, I decided the preliminary issue in the
affirmative and against the Appellant. To my mind, it was clear beyond doubt
that the Appellant’s repeated intimate involvement in unlicensed moneylending
operations in relation to his previous and present convictions was exactly the
type of conduct which Parliament intended to deter in enacting s
14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010 as legislation.

119 In my view, as far as the offences of carrying on the business of
unlicensed moneylending and abetting (by intentionally aiding) the same are
concerned, ss 5(1) and 14(1) of the MLA 2008 (and in turn, ss 5(1) and 14(1)
of the MLA 2010) are in substance an affirmation and continuance of the former
law under s 8(1) of the MLA 1985 (read with the relevant abetment provisions
under the 1985 revised edition of the Penal Code, in the case of abetment by
intentional aiding). Therefore, the DJ was correct to consider the Appellant’s
previous convictions under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 for abetting (by
intentionally aiding) the carrying on of the business of unlicensed
moneylending in determining that his present offences under s 14(1) of the MLA
2010 (of contravening s 5(1) of the MLA 2010) were “second or subsequent
offence[s]” for the purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010. In other
words, the enhanced penalty provisions under s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010
were correctly applied to the Appellant.

120 This is an appropriate juncture to state that before me, Mr San also
clarified that the only reason why the Appellant was charged with abetment in
the present proceedings was because there was a conspiracy involved. Section
107 of the Penal Code states that abetment may take place by instigation,
intentional aiding or conspiracy. To that extent, it was incidental that the
element of abetment was repeated in the present offences as well. I should
make it clear that had the Appellant been acting alone and, thus, not charged
with abetment with regard to the present offences, it would not have made any
difference to my decision on the preliminary issue.

Reduction of the Appellant’s sentence in respect of fines and caning

121 Having established that the Appellant was correctly treated as a repeat
offender for the purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010, I moved on to
consider the merits of his appeal against sentence proper. Mr Kumar submitted
that the total sentences in respect of the fines, caning and imprisonment
imposed on the Appellant were manifestly excessive.

Fines

122 I agreed with Mr Kumar that the fines imposed on the Appellant were
manifestly excessive. In _Chia Kah Boon v Public Prosecutor_ [1999] 2 SLR(R)
1163 (“ _Chia Kah Boon_ ”), the District Judge ordered the appellant to pay a
total of $4,606,000 in fines (in default, 50 months’ imprisonment) – more than
1,000 times his annual income – for nine charges of the offence under s 130(1)
of the Customs Act (Cap 70, 1997 Rev Ed) of importing uncustomed goods into
Singapore. On appeal, Yong CJ held that the cumulative effect of the fines was
contrary to the second limb of the totality principle in that it imposed “a
crushing sentence” on the appellant not in keeping with his records and
prospects. The appellant’s total fines were thus reduced to $1,550,993.25
(however, the default terms of imprisonment for the nine charges were
increased to 203 months in total as Yong CJ considered the default
imprisonment terms imposed by the District Judge manifestly inadequate). In
considering the appropriate sentence to be imposed, Yong CJ stated (see _Chia
Kah Boon_ at [15]):

Turning then to the question of what the appropriate sentence would be in the
circumstances of the present case, in determining the fines to be imposed on
the appellant, I took into account two competing considerations. _On one hand,
the fines had to be of an amount which the appellant could reasonably pay
given his financial means. On the other hand, the fines had to be fixed at a
level which would be sufficiently high to achieve the dual objectives of
deterrence, in terms of deterring both the appellant and other importers from
evading GST [goods and services tax] on imported goods in future, and
retribution, in the sense of reflecting society’s abhorrence of the offence
under s 130(1)(_ a _) of the Customs Act._ In particular, importers and other
persons who might be tempted to commit the same offence should not be given
the impression that they may be let off lightly for their misdeeds if they are
detected simply because they lack the financial ability to pay the fines which
may be imposed under s 130(1)(_i_) of the Act. Bearing these considerations in
mind, _I concluded that a fine of five times the amount of GST payable in
respect of each charge would be just and appropriate in light of the
appellant’s limited financial means, the totality principle of sentencing_ ,
the aggravated nature of the offences in question, and the deterrent and
retributive aspects of the penalty under s 130(1)(_i_) of the Customs Act. ...
[emphasis added]

I should add that Yong CJ also ordered the default terms of imprisonment for
two of the nine charges to run concurrently, resulting in an aggregate default
term of imprisonment of 71 months (_cf_ the 50 months imposed by the District
Judge).

123 In the present case, as far as the facts in the record show, the Appellant
does not appear to any extent to be a man of any financial means; neither did
the Prosecution suggest that he had the means to pay the fines imposed by the
DJ or that he had derived significant financial benefits from his offending
conduct. I did not think that the cumulative fine of $480,000 was an amount
which, by any stretch of imagination, the Appellant could pay. To sentence the
Appellant to a cumulative fine of this amount was effectively to order an
additional imprisonment sentence (in default of the amount that the Appellant
could not pay). _If the Appellant were the financier (as B3 was) of the
unlicensed moneylending business, or if he had made significant profits from
the business, he would certainly_ _have deserved a substantial fine to ensure
that all the profits which he made would be disgorged._ This much is clear
from the statement by the then Senior Minister of State for Law, Assoc Prof
Ho, during the second reading of the Moneylenders Bill 2009 as follows (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ vol 86 at col 2056):

As loanshark syndicates evolve their _modus operandi_ to take on more
characteristics of organised criminal groups, it is no longer sufficient to
deal with loansharking as discrete acts of runners and harassers. We need
measures that can cripple them, that is, _disgorge them of their ill-gotten
gains, choke the supply of funds_ and availability of foot soldiers, target
the irresponsible borrowers and take loansharks out of the system for as long
as we need to. Thus, this Bill allows us to deal with loanshark syndicates as
criminal organisations, extend beyond the frontline to target financiers and
masterminds, disrupt the flow of money and resources and ensure that syndicate
leaders do not escape the bite of our laws by directing local operatives from
the haven of other countries. To cripple the many layers of a loanshark
syndicate, anyone who contributes to or facilitates a loansharking operation
will attract the wrath of the law. [emphasis added]

124 In the present case, the Appellant was plainly merely “the hands and legs”
of, and not the supplier of capital for, the unlicensed moneylending business.
Further, the Statement of Facts stated that he had received only $600 in
profits from the business. Taking these considerations into account, I reduced
the fines imposed on the Appellant for each of the six charges proceeded on
from $80,000 to $40,000. Accordingly, I also reduced the default term of
imprisonment for each charge from four months to two months. Therefore, the
Appellant’s aggregate sentence by way of fine was reduced to $240,000 (in
default, 12 months’ imprisonment). I considered that this aggregate fine was
of a level sufficient to deter other persons in the Appellant’s position from
engaging in unlicensed moneylending and to reflect society’s abhorrence of the
Appellant’s conduct.

125 Before leaving the issue of fines, I should perhaps point out that there
is a paucity of case authorities from both within and outside our jurisdiction
providing any comprehensive guidance as to how a court should assess the
quantum of fine to be imposed in circumstances where a written penal law (such
as that in issue in the present appeal) mandates that a _conjunctive sentence_
of _both_ a fine and a term of imprisonment be meted out to an offender.
Written penal laws ordinarily give the courts the option of imposing either a
fine or a term of imprisonment or both. In such situations, there have been
some general principles laid down by the courts to the effect that the
judicial practice of combining a fine with a custodial sentence should
generally be eschewed. In this particular respect, it may be profitable to
refer to the Malaysian case of _Thavanathan a/l Balasubramaniam v Public
Prosecutor_ [1997] 2 MLJ 401 (“ _Thavanathan a/l Balasubramaniam_ ”), where
the offender in question was charged, acquitted and later convicted of
corruption. The Malaysian Supreme Court perceptively observed (at 423D–E):

In our view, a punitive fine should not be added to a term of imprisonment
which a sentencer considers is itself adequate punishment for the offence
except in rare cases where, for example, even the maximum permitted custodial
sentence is considered to be inadequate.

126 In the much older Malaysian case of _Yap Teng Chai v Public Prosecutor_
(1959) 25 MLJ 205 (“ _Yap Teng Chai_ ”), where the offender in question was
convicted of the offence of attempting to escape from lawful custody, Hepworth
J similarly noted (at 205I–206A):

In general I take the view that a sentence should be either a sentence of
imprisonment or a sentence of fine and not both. Again speaking generally
cases in which a sentence of imprisonment and fine might, in my opinion,
fairly be imposed are cases of serious revenue offences and in the case of
offences which are not _mala per se_ but where it has become apparent that
sentences of fine only on other persons in the area in respect of similar
offence[s] in the recent past have been insufficient to act as a deterrent.

I should parenthetically add that in the context of our legislative regime
against illegal moneylending activities in Singapore, it appears that the
introduction via the Moneylenders Bill 2009 (enacted as the Moneylenders
(Amendment) Act 2010 (Act 5 of 2010)) of the mandatory conjunctive imposition
of both a fine and a term of imprisonment for first as well as repeat
offenders (see, respectively, ss 14(1)(_b_)(i) and 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA
2008 as amended by the aforesaid amendment Act) was precisely the upshot of
Parliament’s resolve to strengthen the legislative regime in response to the
perception at the time that a stronger signal should be sent out to society to
deter illegal moneylending activities (see [65]–[66] above).

127 A quick survey of the jurisprudence in foreign jurisdictions also showed
that in at least two other jurisdictions, namely, England (see David Thomas,
_Current Sentencing Practice_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2010) at vol 2, paras
J1-3A01–J1-3E01) and Hong Kong (see I Grenville Cross & Patrick W S Cheung,
_Sentencing in Hong Kong_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2007) (“ _Sentencing in Hong
Kong_ ”) at p 245), the position with respect to situations where conjunctive
sentences of fine and imprisonment may discretionarily be imposed has always
been that while the courts may impose a fine in conjunction with a custodial
sentence where it is shown that an offender has profited from the offence, _a
fine should not be imposed if the offender lacks the means to pay the fine and
will have to serve the imprisonment term imposed in default of payment of the
fine._ For the sake of completeness, I shall also quote a passage from
_Sentencing in Hong Kong_ (at p 245) which succinctly summarises the
principles applicable to the determination of the length of the default
custodial sentence whenever conjunctive sentences of fine and imprisonment are
imposed:

If a term of imprisonment is imposed upon an accused in default, that is not
to be regarded as an additional punishment. It is simply the means by which
the accused is encouraged to surrender his profits or to pay his debt to
society. _However, when imprisonment is coupled with a fine, and a term is
fixed in default, a court should consider the overall sentence to which the
accused may become subject_ : R v Savundra _(1968) 52 Cr App R 637, 646_. _The
court should ensure that in the event of default the total sentence to be
served is not disproportionate to the offence_ : R v Green and Green _(1984) 6
Cr App R (S) 329, 332_. Such sentences, inevitably, will be consecutive to one
another. [emphasis added]

These words, if I may add, are a succinct summary of the judicial reasoning
underpinning the particular sentences meted out in each of the cases cited. In
_Emil Savundra, Stuart de Quincey Walker_ (1968) 52 Cr App R 637 (“ _Savundra_
”), where the offenders were arrested and tried on charges of gross fraud, the
English Court of Appeal stated at 646:

Turning to the appeals against sentence and dealing first with Savundra’s
appeal, there can be no doubt that he was the architect of these gross frauds
and played the chief part in carrying them out. Equally, there is no doubt
that by these frauds he enriched himself by many hundreds of thousands of
pounds at the expense of the policyholders who had trusted the Fire, Auto and
Marine Insurance Company Limited with their money and who, as a result of the
frauds, lost large sums which many of them could ill afford. This was fraud on
an enormous scale. Moreover, this appellant did not stop short of uttering
forged certificates for over £500,000 of stock on one occasion and over
£800,000 worth of shares on another for the purpose of covering up his
defalcations. _Having regard to the gravity of these offences, this Court does
not consider that a sentence of ten years’ imprisonment would have been any
too long. The learned judge sentenced this appellant to eight years’
imprisonment and he fined him in all £50,000 and in default of paying that
£50,000 he sentenced him to a further two years’ imprisonment_. [emphasis
added]

In _Jonathan Russell Green and John Green_ (1984) 6 Cr App R (S) 329 (“ _Green
and Green_ ”), where the offenders in question were convicted of illegal
importation of cannabis into the United Kingdom and sentenced to fines in
addition to imprisonment terms, the English Court of Appeal (citing _Savundra_
, among other authorities, with approval) laid down the proposition in more
substantive terms as follows (see _Green and Green_ at 332):

We have been assisted by Mr. Corkery [counsel for the second appellant] taking
us through a fairly elaborate citation of authority. I do not propose to refer
to all those authorities, but I summarise their effect as follows. _If it
cannot be shown that an offender has made a profit out of a transaction and
has no means to pay a fine, it is not right to impose a fine in addition to a
prison sentence (see_ _Maund_ _(1980) 2 Cr.App.R.(S.) 289). If it is apparent
to the court that, as the result of a crime, the accused has received a large
financial benefit and if there is reason to suppose that some of that
financial benefit is still available to him, it is perfectly proper to impose
a fine in addition to a term of immediate imprisonment. But, nevertheless,
when imposing the fine and fixing the alternative penalty to be served in
default of payment of the fine, the court should have regard to the overall
term of imprisonment that will be served in such circumstances. The court
should ensure that the overall term of imprisonment to be served in such a
contingency will not be disappropriate to the offence itself:__Savundra_
_(1968) 52 Cr.App.R. 637;__Lot Carter_ _(1977) 67 Cr.App.R. 404; and_
,_Benmore_ _(1983) 5 Cr.App.R.(S.) 468_. [emphasis added]

128 I broadly agree with the approach on conjunctive sentencing adopted in
_Thavanathan a/l Balasubramaniam_ , _Yap Teng Chai_ , _Savundra_ and _Green
and Green_. I am of the view that in the context of ss 14(1)(_b_)(i) and
14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010, the mandatory fine imposed in addition to the
mandatory term of imprisonment should _ordinarily_ be pegged closer to the
prescribed minimum quantum of $30,000, especially if the offender demonstrably
has little or no means of paying even the statutorily mandated minimum fine of
$30,000. _This is provided also that the default custodial sentence is imposed
in a way that would not undermine the stronger deterrent effect which
Parliament intended the mandatory conjunctive sentencing regime under the
relevant provisions of the MLA 2010 to have on existing and potential
unlicensed moneylenders in our society._ Fines, the payment of which is often
secured by the court’s imposition of default imprisonment terms which cannot
be negligible if they are to serve their purpose of “prevent[ing] evasion of
the payment of fines” (see _Low Meng Chay v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 1 SLR(R)
46 at [13]), should, wherever possible, avoid being made a “disguise” or
“cloak” for substantial additional terms of imprisonment (see Tan Yock Lin,
_Criminal Procedure_ (LexisNexis, 2010) at vol 3, para 1751). Further, it
ought to be also borne in mind that while the same principle of remission
applies to default imprisonment sentences, the scenario may be quite different
if part of the fine is paid before or after the default imprisonment sentence
has commenced (see _Tan Lai Kiat v Public Prosecutor_ [2010] 3 SLR 1042 at
[46]–[49]).

129 In providing for a mandatory fine together with a mandatory custodial
sentence in ss 14(1)(_b_) of the MLA 2010, Parliament plainly intended to
impose an additional _financial_ penalty on offenders as deterrence. It
follows that a substantial default _custodial_ sentence should not be imposed
on an offender who is clearly unable to pay the mandatory fine. On reflection,
I have to acknowledge that had this issue been properly argued before me, I
would have been inclined to reduce the Appellant’s fines to the minimum of
$30,000 on each charge and to reset the default imprisonment sentence per
charge to less than a month’s imprisonment. I think that in a conjunctive
penalty scenario that stipulates a mandatory minimum fine, the default
imprisonment term for an offender with no means to pay even the mandated
minimum fine should not ordinarily be substantial. In particular, it seems to
me that it was never the legislative intention of the 2010 amendments to the
MLA 2008 (see above at [65]–[66]) to use the mandatory fine scheme as a device
to impose further lengthy imprisonment terms in the event of default.

130 The foregoing, however, is not to say that a higher quantum of fine and a
corresponding default imprisonment sentence should not be imposed in deserving
situations (for instance, where the offender has reaped and retained a profit
from his committal of the offence in question, or where even the maximum
permitted custodial sentence is considered to be inadequate). It cannot be
overemphasised that criminal sentencing is an onerous and delicate task which
requires each and every case to be closely examined and decided based on its
own particular set of facts.

131 In summary, the applicable principles for mandatory conjunctive sentencing
in the context of s 14(1)(_b_) of the MLA 2010 are as follows:

(a) The mandatory fine should ordinarily be pegged closer to the minimum of
$30,000 unless:

(i) the offender has reaped illicit profits which should be disgorged; and/or

(ii) even the maximum permitted custodial sentence is, in rare cases,
inadequate to reflect the full extent of the offender’s criminality.

(b) Where the offender is clearly unable to pay the mandatory $30,000 minimum
fine, the default imprisonment sentence imposed should not be substantial.

Caning

132 I also agreed with Mr Kumar that the sentence of a total of six strokes of
the cane imposed on the Appellant (one stroke for each of the six charges
proceeded on) was manifestly excessive. The DJ did not specifically justify
the imposition of six strokes of the cane on the Appellant by reference to any
precedents. When queried, Mr San ventured that the DJ imposed six strokes of
the cane only because he imposed the same sentence of one stroke of the cane
for each of the six charges proceeded on. Mr San diffidently suggested that as
the six charges were for similar offences, it would be arbitrary to impose
caning for some of them but not for others.

133 Yong CJ held at [11] of _Chia Kah Boon_ that the totality principle could
be applied in the context of a cumulative sentence made up of fines for
several distinct offences. It seems to me that this principle may also be
applied in the context of a cumulative sentence of caning imposed for several
distinct offences. Contrary to Mr San’s suggestion, it was not necessary for
the Appellant’s conviction of each charge to attract the exact same sentence.
Where multiple convictions for similar offences are made, the court is
certainly entitled to vary the sentences for each charge on account of the
totality principle.

134 In the present case, the Appellant’s offences were not aggravated by any
acts of violence or intimidation. In my view, a total sentence of six strokes
of the cane was disproportionate to “the overall gravity of his criminal
conduct” (see _Maideen Pillai v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 706 at
[11]) and, therefore, manifestly excessive. Accordingly, I held that the
sentence of one stroke of the cane was to remain only for the first three
charges proceeded on (_viz_ , District Arrest Cases Nos 40653, 41704 and 41707
of 2010). The sentences in respect of caning for the remaining three charges
proceeded on (_viz_ , District Arrest Cases Nos 42909, 24912 and 24913 of
2010) were set aside.

Imprisonment

135 As for the Appellant’s imprisonment term imposed by the DJ (_viz_ , a
total of 60 months’ imprisonment), I was not inclined to disturb it. The
Appellant’s partners in the unlicensed moneylending business, B2 and B3, were
sentenced to imprisonment terms of 45 months and 39 months respectively (see
_Public Prosecutor v Lee Kim Hock_ [2011] SGDC 201 (“ _Lee Kim Hock_ ”) at
[12] and [44] respectively). However, while B2 and B3 had no relevant
antecedents (see _Lee Kim Hock_ at [9] and [12(e)] respectively), the
Appellant had returned to unlicensed moneylending at least by April 2010, when
(as mentioned in the Statement of Facts)[note: 38] the Appellant was working
as a runner for the unlicensed moneylender known as “Sam” (see [8] above).
This was close on the heels of the five-month imprisonment term imposed on the
Appellant for his prior convictions under s 8(1)(_b_) of the MLA 1985 in
December 2008.

136 This indicated to me the extent of the Appellant’s recalcitrance and the
little effect which his previous five-month imprisonment term had on him.
Moreover, the Appellant had escalated the gravity of his offences since his
previous term of imprisonment. First, he had graduated from being a mere
runner for an unlicensed moneylending business to being a partner in such
business. Second, while the Appellant was convicted of only two charges in
December 2008, he was convicted of six charges in the present case. In fact,
he faced a total of 18 separate charges (involving 13 different debtors) this
time around, of which six were proceeded on, with the remaining 12 being taken
into consideration for sentencing purposes (see [1] above). Taking all the
circumstances into account, I did not think that the 60-month imprisonment
term imposed by the DJ was manifestly excessive. I therefore dismissed the
Appellant’s appeal in that regard.

Observation

137 The courts have noted Parliament’s implacable resolve to combat all manner
of illegal moneylending activities. This has been emphatically manifested
through a series of legislative changes that have robustly enhanced the
punitive consequences of such offending conduct. The sentences meted out by
the courts for moneylending offences have, to date, been severe, and are
underpinned by the desire to signal that there will be no judicial tolerance
for such conduct. The principal sentencing consideration has been that of
general deterrence, with specific deterrence always being an added
consideration for repeat offenders. Nevertheless, the sentences, while severe,
must also always remain proportionate to the totality of the _particular_
offending conduct being assessed. Care must be taken to assiduously calibrate
the punishment against the offending conduct. In every case, the punishment
must fit the crime and the principle of proportionality remains a cardinal
determinant in this area of sentencing.

138 Thus, although Parliament has made clear its intention that persons who
assist in unlicensed moneylending operations will be liable to the same
penalties as persons who actually carry on such operations (see the extract
from _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ vol 86 at col 2059 reproduced at [72]
above), depending on the facts of the case at hand, it may be appropriate to
punish more severely offenders who have previously been convicted of actually
carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending, as compared to offenders
who have previously been convicted of assisting in the carrying on of such
business. As for offenders who have previously been convicted of both
assisting in the business of unlicensed moneylending and actually carrying on
such business, it may (again depending on the facts of the particular case in
question) be appropriate to impose on them sentences in between, with stiffer
punishment being meted out to offenders who have graduated from simply
assisting in the business of unlicensed moneylending to actually carrying on
such business.

Conclusion

139 The DJ was correct in treating the Appellant as a repeat offender for the
purposes of s 14(1)(_b_)(ii) of the MLA 2010. Notwithstanding that, in the
light of the sentencing principles of proportionality and totality, I allowed
the present appeal in part and reduced the total fine imposed on the Appellant
for the six charges proceeded on from $480,000 to $240,000. Accordingly, I
also reduced the total default term of imprisonment from two years to one
year. In addition, I halved the total number of strokes of the cane imposed on
the Appellant from six to three, ordering the sentence of one stroke of the
cane per charge to remain only in respect of District Arrest Cases Nos 40653,
41704 and 41707 of 2010\. The total imprisonment sentence of 60 months imposed
by the DJ remained for I saw no reason to disturb it.

* * *

[note: 1]See para 18 of the Statement of Facts (at Record of Proceedings
(“ROP”) p 24).

[note: 2]See the certified transcript of the notes of evidence (“the NE”) for
the hearing on 25 January 2011 (at ROP p 65).

[note: 3]See ROP p 9.

[note: 4]See ROP p 15.

[note: 5]See the Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities at Tab A.

[note: 6]See ROP p 82.

[note: 7]It appears that the charge sheets in respect of the Appellant’s
earlier moneylending offences (see the Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities at
Tab A) were incorrect in citing the version of the MLA 1985 in force before
the amendments made by the Moneylenders (Amendment) Act 2005 (Act 44 of 2005),
which came into operation on 1 January 2006.

[note: 8]See the NE for the hearing on 25 January 2011 (at ROP p 65).

[note: 9]See the Appellant’s Submissions dated 22 August 2011 (“the
Appellant’s Submissions”) at para 4.

[note: 10]See the Appellant’s Submissions at paras 4 and 22.

[note: 11]See the Appellant’s Submissions at para 22.

[note: 12]See the Appellant’s Submissions at paras 5, 23 and 33–38.

[note: 13]See the Appellant’s Submissions at para 38.

[note: 14]See the Appellant’s Submissions at para 32.

[note: 15]See the Appellant’s Response dated 28 August 2011 at para 25.

[note: 16]See the Appellant’s Submissions at para 32.

[note: 17]See the Appellant’s Submissions at para 31.

[note: 18]See the Appellant’s Submissions at paras 24–25 and 39–40.

[note: 19]See the Respondent’s Submissions dated 15 August 2011 (“the
Respondent’s Submissions”) at para 19.

[note: 20]See the Respondent’s Submissions at para 32.

[note: 21]See the Respondent’s Submissions at para 33.

[note: 22]_Ibid_.

[note: 23]See the Respondent’s Submissions at paras 35–38.

[note: 24]See the Respondent’s Submissions at para 37.

[note: 25]See the Respondent’s Submissions at para 38.

[note: 26]See the Respondent’s Submissions at para 40.

[note: 27]See the Respondent’s Submissions at paras 41–44.

[note: 28]See the Respondent’s Submissions at para 45.

[note: 29]See Mr Lim’s submissions dated 22 August 2011 (“the Amicus Curiae’s
Written Submissions”) at para 5.

[note: 30]See the Respondent’s Submissions at paras 39–40 and the Amicus
Curiae’s Written Submissions at paras 46–47.

[note: 31]See the Appellant’s Submissions at para 35.

[note: 32]See the Respondent’s Submissions at para 32.

[note: 33]See the Respondent’s Submissions at para 38.

[note: 34]See the Appellant’s Submissions at para 40.

[note: 35]_Ibid_.

[note: 36]See the Statement of Facts at para 3 (at ROP p 21).

[note: 37]See the Statement of Facts at para 11 (at ROP p 23).

[note: 38]See the Statement of Facts at para 9 (at ROP p 22).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

