Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Master Marine AS _v_ Labroy Offshore Ltd and others  
[2012] SGCA 27

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 79 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chan Leng Sun SC, Sheik Umar and Joanne Chia (Wong & Leow
LLC) for the appellant; Steven Lim, instructed by Prakash Mulani and Bhaskaran
Sivasamy (M&A Law Corporation) for the first respondent; Lee Eng Beng SC, Sim
Kwan Kiat and Chong Kah Kheng (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the second to fourth
respondents.  
Parties| :|  Master Marine AS — Labroy Offshore Ltd and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 234.]

18 April 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in _Labroy Offshore Ltd v Master Marine AS_ _and others_ [2011] SGHC 234
(“GD”), granting an injunction restraining the second to fourth respondents
(together, “the Banks”) from paying the appellant, Master Marine AS (“MM”),
monies it demanded under several “Refund Guarantees” issued by the Banks in
its favour. We should add that the underlying transaction here is an
international shipbuilding contract and that “Refund Guarantees”, otherwise
known as performance bonds, commonly feature as security in such matters for a
buyer’s advances of the purchase price.

2 In the course of construing the subject instruments, many interesting issues
were raised, namely: (a) consideration of the nature of a first demand
performance bond; (b) how this type of instrument should be construed; (c) how
much attention should be given to the instrument’s contextual setting; and (d)
when a demand would be effective.

The facts

3 On 28 March 2007, the first respondent, Labroy Offshore Ltd (“Labroy”), and
MM entered into an agreement (the “Underlying Contract”) for the former to
construct and the latter to purchase an offshore elevating rig (“the Rig”).
Under Article 3.8 read with Article 3.2 of the Underlying Contract, MM was to
pay part of the purchase price of the Rig in five precalculated instalments
before delivery, according to certain milestones. MM’s liability to pay,
however, was subject to Labroy procuring “Refund Guarantee(s)” from first
class international banks to “secure the repayment to [MM] of all instalments
of the [purchase price] paid by [MM] to [Labroy]”.

4 As required, Labroy approached the Banks on or before 16 May 2007 with their
request and each bank issued its own “Refund Guarantee” in MM’s favour,
purporting to guarantee approximately a third of each instalment. All of the
letters bore the heading “Refund Guarantee” with a designated serial number,
made reference to the Underlying Contract in the subject title, and carried an
expiry date of 31 August 2010. There were altogether 12 Refund Guarantees
issued: four from the second respondent, four from the third respondent and
four from the fourth respondent. The Refund Guarantees also provided for three
types of demands that MM could serve on the Banks for repayment of their
advances. These were the “Initial Demand”, the “Deferred Demand” and the “New
Demand”. The circumstances in which each of these demands could be made were
set out in the Refund Guarantees as follows: [note: 1]

3.At the request of [LABROY] ... we, [OCBC/UOB/DBS] ... hereby:-

a.absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee to pay to you an
amount up to but not exceeding a total amount of … (the “Guaranteed Amount”)
representing one-third of the [First/Second/Third/Fourth] Installment plus
interest at the rate of six percent (6%) per annum, if and when the same or
any part thereof becomes repayable to the Owner [_ie_ , MM] from the Builder
[_ie_ , Labroy] in accordance with the terms of the Contract [_ie_ , the
Underlying Contract]; subject to clause 3 (b) below and provided always that
our maximum liability under this Refund Guarantee shall not at any time exceed
the Guaranteed Amount.

b.Irrevocably undertake that payment under this Refund Guarantee will be
effected by us within fourteen (14) Singapore banking days following our
receipt of a written demand from the Owner for payment, stating that the
Contract is cancelled or rescinded by the Owner in accordance with the terms
of the Contract, which statement shall be final and conclusive, together with
the original of this Refund Guarantee. We shall inform Builder by way of
registered mail and electronic mail (for which acknowledgement is not required
from Builder) by 6pm of the next Singapore banking day from the date of
receipt of such written demand from the Owner.

PROVIDED THAT, in the event we receive notification (“Notification”) from the
Builder within (5) Singapore banking days from the date of our receipt of your
written demand referred to in paragraph 3 (b) above (which demand shall be
referred to hereinafter as the “**Initial Demand** ”) that your claim for
refundment is disputed by the Builder and has been referred to arbitration in
accordance with the Contract, we shall be entitled to defer payment of the
entire sum claimed under the Initial Demand and only be liable to pay to the
Owner the sum adjudged to be due to the Owner by the Builder pursuant to an
award (hereinafter the “Award”) made under such arbitration or as agreed
pursuant to a settlement agreement between the Builder and the Owner such
deferred payment to be payable by us to the Owner immediately upon receipt by
us from the Owner of a further written demand (which demand shall be referred
to hereinafter as the “**Deferred Demand** ”) for the sum(s) so adjudged
together with a certified true copy of the Award or the settlement agreement
(as the case may be) and PROVIDED ALWAYS that our maximum liability hereunder
shall not at any time exceed the Guaranteed Amount.

For the avoidance of doubt, we shall not be obliged to make any payment under
the Initial Demand till five (5) Singapore banking days have elapsed from the
date of our receipt of the Initial Demand. …

In the event of (i) any possible delay in the delivery of the Rig or (ii) if
an Initial Demand has been made and your claim for refundment is disputed and
referred to arbitration and the said arbitration cannot reasonably be expected
to be concluded thirty (30) Singapore banking days before the Expiry Date
[_ie_ , of the Refund Guarantee], ... the Owner shall be entitled to request
from the Builder for a replacement guarantee to be issued by us in similar
terms as this Refund Guarantee with expiry date 30 calendar days from the new
anticipated date of the delivery of the Rig to the Owner or conclusion of the
arbitration (as the case may be) ... which replacement guarantee must be
furnished by the Builder to the Owner not later than fourteen (14) Singapore
banking days before the Expiry Date ... **_In the event such replacement
guarantee is not furnished no less than fourteen (14) Singapore banking days
before the Expiry Date_** _...__as provided in Article 3.8 of the [Underlying]
Contract_** _, the Owner shall be entitled to make a written demand (which
demand shall be referred to hereinafter as the “New Demand”) for the sum
claimed under the Initial Demand (if made) and stating that the Builder has
failed to furnish a replacement guarantee (such statement to be final and
conclusive) and we shall pay the Owner the said sum claimed under the New
Demand immediately upon our receipt of the New Demand irrespective of whether
or not the claim under the New Demand is disputed by the Builder or has been
referred to arbitration or there is an arbitration claim pending; subject
always to the New Demand being received by us on or before the Expiry Date ...
._**

For the avoidance of doubt, the Owner may make only one Initial Demand and one
Deferred Demand and/or one New Demand under this Refund Guarantee and we will
make payment in the manner described above for each such demand upon our
receipt of the Initial Demand or the Deferred Demand or the New Demand,
provided always that any such demand is received by us on or before the Expiry
Date ... For the purpose herein, “banking days” shall be the days (other than
a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Singapore.

...

5.Our liability under this Refund Guarantee _shall not be affected by any
alteration to or variation of the terms of the Contract_ which the Owner may
hereafter agree with the Builder, _or by any other matter or circumstances_ ,
including bankruptcy or insolvency of the Builder, which might otherwise
discharge our liabilities as guarantor of the Builder’s obligations as
aforesaid.

...

7.After the Expiry Date, this Refund Guarantee shall be null and void whether
or not it is returned to us for cancellation.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

It was with the concrete assurance of these Refund Guarantees in place that MM
proceeded to make four instalments of the purchase price to Labroy, amounting
to approximately €85,080,000.[note: 2]

5 As it turned out, the Rig was not ready by 28 June 2010 which was the
original delivery date the parties had agreed to. This had certain
ramifications for Labroy: under limb (i) of the third paragraph to the proviso
of clause 3 of the Refund Guarantee (“the First Limb”), it was obliged to
procure a “replacement guarantee” for MM by a stipulated deadline, _viz_ , 14
Singapore banking days before the expiry date of the subsisting Refund
Guarantees (see [4] above). However, this was not done. Instead, Labroy
prevailed upon the Banks to issue letters _extending_ the expiry date of the
subsisting Refund Guarantees. (That being said, this particular discrepancy in
form - that is to say an extension in lieu of replacement - is not an issue
before us, as MM’s position in the hearing was that these extensions were
valid.)[note: 3]

6 Even while this difficulty was being resolved, MM and Labroy were intensely
wrangling on several other fronts. The first was the question of who was to
blame for the delay in the delivery of the Rig. MM pointed to what parties
termed the “Graha Incident” on 22 April 2010, where construction of the Rig
had come to a standstill because Labroy allegedly had not paid its
subcontractors and suppliers.[note: 4] In contrast, Labroy claimed the delay
was the result of various last minute variations MM had made to the
specifications of the Rig and MM’s late delivery of “Owner Furnished
Equipment” necessary for the Rig’s construction.[note: 5] The second was the
issue of a reasonable new delivery date: MM alleged Labroy revised its
building schedule multiple times without consulting them. MM also objected to
the unilateral revisions made by Labroy as they were unrealistic and
unreasonable.[note: 6] Finally, because parties could not arrive at a mutually
agreeable delivery date, the Banks were only willing to extend the Refund
Guarantees for month-long periods each time an application for extension was
made by Labroy.[note: 7] MM claimed these month-long extensions were “invalid”
as the Refund Guarantees clearly envisioned extensions lasting _30 calendar
days_ _beyond the “new anticipated date of delivery”_.[note: 8]

7 Fearing that their advances were not adequately secured, MM uncompromisingly
pursued the extension issue mentioned at [6] above. This was vividly reflected
in a frantic stream of correspondence exchanged between parties over the
period from 12 January 2011 to 6 April 2011:[note: 9] MM, on the one hand,
demanded that Labroy rectify the allegedly invalid extensions and Labroy, on
the other hand, maintained that the extensions were indeed valid. Meanwhile,
Labroy continued procuring extensions for further month-long periods and MM
continued to provisionally accept these with the unequivocal qualification
that its rights were reserved.

8 In the meantime, on 10 March 2011, reports of Drydocks World LLC - the
parent company to Drydocks World South East Asia Pte Ltd, which assumed 100%
ownership of Labroy only after the Underlying Contract had been entered into -
facing $24.9 billion worth of debt surfaced.[note: 10] MM’s fears of holding
inadequate security were now severely exacerbated by the disturbing
possibility that Labroy might never complete construction of the Rig. On 7
April 2011, as per their usual practice, Labroy applied to the Banks for
further extensions of the Refund Guarantees which were expiring on 30 April
2011. The Banks responded by issuing letters to MM confirming that the expiry
date was extended to 31 May 2011. The date of issue of these said letters from
the Banks ranged from 8 to 12 April 2011. However, these letters were not
furnished to MM by 11 April 2011, as required under each of the Refund
Guarantees. _Labroy does not dispute its failure to furnish the Refund
Guarantees on time.[note: 11]_

9 On 12 April 2011, MM served on Labroy a notice of rescission citing the
following as grounds for termination of the Underlying Contract:[note: 12]

(a) that Labroy failed to furnish extensions of the Refund Guarantees lasting
30 days beyond the new anticipated delivery date of the Rig by the deadline of
7 April 2011 (a breach of Article 3.8 of the Underlying Contract);

(b) that Labroy failed to furnish replacement guarantees (or extended Refund
Guarantees) no later than 14 Singapore banking days before the expiry date of
the subsisting Refund Guarantees (a breach of the First Limb of the third
paragraph to the proviso of clause 3 of the Refund Guarantee);

(c) that Labroy failed to deliver the Rig for a period in excess of 180 days
after the delivery date of 29 June 2010 (which includes one day of permissible
delay that MM had accepted) (a breach of Article 11.3 of the Underlying
Contract); and

(d) that the total accumulated delay of non-permissible delay and _force
majeure_ delay amounted to 270 days or more after the delivery date (a breach
of Article 11.5 of the Underlying Contract).

10 Soon after on the same day, MM served on each of the Banks a letter of
demand which read as follows: [note: 13]

... In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Refund Guarantees
issued by you as per above, Owner [_ie_ , MM] hereby makes a demand for
payment (“New Demand”) of all instalments guaranteed under the above listed
Refund Guarantees + interest thereon at the annual rate of 6% from the date
when such instalments were paid until the date of refund as aforesaid, on the
basis that the Builder [_ie_ , Labroy] has failed to provide extended
guarantees no later than 14 Working Days before expiry as per Article 3.8 of
the Construction Contract [_ie_ , the Underlying Contract] and/or to provide
replacement guarantees no later than 14 Singapore Banking Days before the
Expiry Date as per the terms of the Refund Guarantees...

Further and/or alternatively, Owner hereby makes a demand for payment under
the above Refund Guarantees issued by yourselves, on the basis that the
Construction Contract is rescinded by the Owner in accordance with the terms
of the Construction Contract (“Initial Demand”).

From this, it appeared that MM was concurrently making both a New Demand and
an Initial Demand. However, we pause to observe that it is plain from the
tenor of this demand letter that MM’s _primary_ basis for demanding payment
was Labroy’s failure to ensure that the replacement guarantees or the relevant
extensions were procured timeously. The Initial Demand was made in the
alternative - seemingly _pro forma_.

11 On 15 April 2011, Labroy and MM agreed to refer the issue of the validity
of MM’s purported rescission to arbitration in accordance with Article 19.4 of
the Underlying Contract. This arbitration is still ongoing. As a precautionary
measure, nonetheless, on 18 April 2011, Labroy took out an _ex parte_
application for an interim injunction restraining the Banks from making
payment to MM and/or enjoining MM from receiving payment from the Banks. The
position of Labroy and the Banks (which supported Labroy’s application) was
that until and to the extent Labroy is adjudged liable for sums under the
arbitration proceedings, the Banks are not liable to pay. The interim
injunction was granted. Likewise, when the substantive application was heard
on 19 May 2011 and 6 June 2011, the Judge made the injunction final. The
present appeal before us is against this final order.

The decision below

12 Before the Judge, MM clarified that it was seeking repayment on the basis
that it had made a valid New Demand under the First Limb (GD at [20]). This
was despite there also being mention of an Initial Demand in its demand
letters to the Banks (see [10] above). A New Demand under limb (ii) of the
third paragraph to the proviso of clause 3 of the Refund Guarantee (“the
Second Limb”) could not have been made at that time, because arbitration had
not yet commenced. In light of this, the Judge focused his attention on the
third paragraph of the proviso to clause 3 of the Refund Guarantee (the “New
Demand Clause”) so as to determine what he thought was the main issue before
him, _viz_ , whether MM was entitled to make a New Demand under the First Limb
when the Underlying Contract had been rescinded. On his interpretation of the
New Demand Clause, the answer was “no” (GD at [30]). His reasons were as
follows.

13 Firstly, the Judge concurred with the submission made by counsel for the
Banks, Mr Lee Eng Beng SC (“Mr Lee SC”), that the First Limb and the Second
Limb to the New Demand Clause applied to _mutually exclusive situations_ :
whilst the First Limb applied where MM intended to keep the Underlying
Contract _alive_ (notwithstanding the late delivery), the Second Limb applied
where the Underlying Contract was _rescinded_.[note: 14] If that were not the
case, use of the phrase “ _new anticipated date of delivery_ ” in the First
Limb as a reference point for the replacement guarantees’ expiry dates would
be nonsensical as a rescission would imply that MM did not want to take
delivery of the Rig any more (GD at [35]).

14 Secondly, the Judge opined that this disjunctive way of reading the New
Demand Clause “accorded with the overall scheme of the Refund Guarantees” (GD
at [36]). Labroy clearly intended to put MM in a secured position, but at the
same time did not want to give the latter a _carte blanche_ to demand
repayment with no proper basis. As such, the Deferred Demand was introduced,
where repayment obligations would be held in abeyance pending the arbitration
tribunal’s decision on the issue of whether Labroy was truly in breach. If, as
MM averred, it was entitled to make a New Demand under the First Limb even
after the Underlying Contract was rescinded and the validity of the rescission
was referred to arbitration, this would have the effect of allowing MM “to get
around the deferral of its right to a refund pending the resolution of the
parties’ dispute” (GD at [36]–[38]).

Summary of the parties’ arguments

15 Pertinently, all parties are in agreement that the New Demand Clause
functions as a first demand performance bond. This is notwithstanding the
instruments being titled “Refund _Guarantees_ ”. However, we will venture even
further to say that the _entire_ Refund Guarantee operates as a first demand
performance bond. Our reasons for finding so will be elaborated on later at
[43]–[45]. It is suffice to say at present that it was clear the parties
intended that the subject instruments act as _cash equivalents_ payable on the
beneficiary’s demand _simpliciter_ or where required, supported by specified
documents. This is the defining characteristic of a first demand performance
bond: see [26] below. (In contrast, conditional performance bonds or
guarantees are payable usually on proof of default: see below at [29]).

16 However, the parties seriously part ways on the manner in which they read
the New Demand Clause. Specifically, they disagree on the conditions that have
to be fulfilled to make a valid New Demand under the First Limb. According to
counsel for MM, Mr Chan Leng Sun SC, a valid New Demand under the First Limb
can be made once Labroy fails to discharge its absolute obligation to procure
extended Refund Guarantees and/or replacement guarantees within the stipulated
deadline. In this regard, Labroy did not dispute that the extensions were
supplied a day late on 12 April 2011 (see [8] above), and so the New Demand
under the First Limb had been validly made.

17 In contrast, Labroy avers that there are two kinds of New Demands that MM
can make. They are:

(a) a New Demand under the First Limb, which, per the wording of the New
Demand Clause, requires that there be a delay in delivery and _no Initial
Demand made by MM_ ; and

(b) a New Demand under the Second Limb, which requires that _MM make an
Initial Demand_ that Labroy disputes, and for parties to refer their
disagreement to arbitration.

Since a New Demand can arise out of two very different sets of facts which
appear to be mutually exclusive (_ie_ , because either an Initial Demand has
been made, or it has not), counsel for Labroy, Mr Steven Lim (“Mr Lim”)
submits that the New Demand Clause was badly drafted and is “ambiguous”.
Nevertheless, under this construction, MM’s New Demand under the First Limb
would be invalid, as it had made an Initial Demand _at the same time_. In
other words, the condition that no Initial Demand be made was not fulfilled.

18 The purpose of setting out such precise conditions - Mr Lim explains -is
because parties anticipated two specific situations. The first is where the
Refund Guarantees lapse following the delay in delivery, thereby leaving MM in
an unsecured position. In such a case, though MM’s right to make an Initial
Demand subsists, without a provision requiring procurement of a replacement
guarantee expiring 30 days from the new anticipated date of delivery, the
right to make a call would be pointless. The second is where the Refund
Guarantees lapse in the course of a protracted arbitration. In such a case,
though MM’s right to make a Deferred Demand subsists, in the absence of a
provision requiring procurement of a replacement guarantee expiring 30 days
after the conclusion of the arbitration, MM would still have no assurance of
being repaid.[note: 15]

19 In the case of the Banks, they forcefully argue that for a valid New Demand
under the First Limb to be made, the Underlying Contract must be alive. Based
on this argument, MM - by virtue of the fact that it had purported to rescind
the Underlying Contract before issuing the letter of demand - had not made a
valid New Demand. To support this assertion, Mr Lee SC reiterates his
submission recorded at [13] above. He also rather persuasively points out that
if MM had issued a New Demand without serving a notice of rescission, this
would serve to _affirm_ rather than contradict the Underlying Contract.

20 In summary, both Labroy and the Banks agree with the Judge’s finding that
instead of trying to prematurely retrieve its advances under a New Demand, the
proper thing for MM to do would be to wait for the conclusion of arbitration
proceedings and make a valid Deferred Demand (see [14] above).

Issues arising in this appeal

21 The primary issue this Court has to consider is: exactly what are the
condition precedents to making a valid New Demand? This can only be determined
_vide_ a proper construction of the relevant clause in the Refund Guarantees.
The second, less cogent, issue that Labroy raises in its submissions is that
of unconscionability; namely that it is unconscionable for MM to: (a) exploit
the ambiguity of the New Demand Clause by demanding repayment _now_ when it
would suffer no prejudice waiting for the arbitration award; and (b) demand
repayment on the basis that Labroy was a day late in supplying the extended
Refund Guarantees and/or replacement guarantees, since it knew MM’s failure to
meet the deadline was due an inadvertent failure to take into account the fact
that 22 April 2011 was a public holiday.[note: 16]

22 We are not impressed by Labroy’s second contention of unconscionability.
If, on a proper construction of the Refund Guarantees, we find that MM is
_entitled_ to enforce its rights in such a manner, then it would not lie in
Labroy’s mouth to claim that such enforcement is unconscionable. Furthermore,
we observe that in the course of the hearing, Labroy rightly conceded that
_time was_ _of the essence in the New Demand Clause_ (on why this was
axiomatic, see [26] and [35] below). In the event this condition is breached
(as was the case here), the court ordinarily will not exercise its
jurisdiction to grant the breaching party equitable relief in instruments of
this genre even though it may have the power to do so. The reasons for this
have been succinctly explained by Lord Hoffmann in _Union Eagle Ltd v Golden
Achievement Ltd_ [1997] AC 514 at 519B:

The principle that equity will restrain the enforcement of legal rights when
it would be unconscionable to insist upon them has an attractive breadth. But
the reasons why the courts have rejected such generalisations are founded not
merely upon authority (see _per_ Lord Radcliffe in _Campbell Discount Co. Ltd.
v. Bridge_ [1962] A.C. 600, 626) but also upon practical considerations of
business. **_These are, in summary, that in many forms of transaction it is of
great importance that if something happens for which the contract has made
express provision, the parties should know with certainty that the terms of
the contract will be enforced. The existence of an undefined discretion to
refuse to enforce the contract on the ground that this would be
"unconscionable" is sufficient to create uncertainty_** _._ Even if it is most
unlikely that a discretion to grant relief will be exercised, its mere
existence enables litigation to be employed as a negotiating tactic. The
realities of commercial life are that this may cause injustice which cannot be
fully compensated by the ultimate decision in the case.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

23 On this note, we now turn to the construction issue on which this appeal
pivots.

Nature of the document

24 Before we address the substantive issue of this appeal, we pause here to
make some observations on the nature of a first demand performance bond:
specifically, how it functions and its purpose in the business world (see
[25]–[27]). We shall also address how it differs from a guarantee and a
conditional bond (see [28]–[30] below). Finally, we shall consider the
principle of strict compliance in performance bonds and examine the reasons
behind having such a doctrine (see [31]–[33]). It is worth noting that the
present appeal turns on the last point.

25 Essentially, a first demand performance bond is an undertaking by the bond
issuer (usually a bank) to pay a specified sum to the beneficiary immediately
on receipt of a compliant demand. It is essentially a promissory note payable
on demand. The bank issues such a bond on the instructions of its customer
(the bond applicant and account holder) who, in turn, furnishes security to
the bank for the full amount. The account holder procures such a bond to act
as good security for due performance of the underlying contract between itself
and the beneficiary. As such, a performance bond acts as a “risk-distributing
device” which transfers the risk of default from the beneficiary to the
account holder: see G Andrews and R Millett, _Law of Guarantees_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2011) (“ _Andrews & Millett_”) at paras 16-003 and 16-007.

26 The enormous advantage to the beneficiary of this tripartite arrangement is
that the beneficiary has the assurance of _immediate_ payment from the bank,
subject only to a compliant demand being made on it. This is because the
bank’s obligation to pay in accordance with the terms of the agreement is
entirely independent of the underlying contract between the bank’s customer
and the beneficiary; the two are autonomous contracts vis-à-vis different
parties (albeit with obligations that are closely related). As a general rule,
the bank will not concern itself with the merits of any underlying dispute
between the beneficiary and its customer, or with the factual accuracy or
otherwise of any statement made to it by the beneficiary or the genuineness of
any document presented to it in order to obtain payment: see _Andrews &
Millett_ at para 16-001. When payment is to be made against documents, there
is no requirement that any assertion in the documents be correct in law: see
_Meritz Fire and Marine Insurance Co Ltd v Jan de Nul NV and another_ [2011] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 379 at [26]. In this way, first demand performance bonds bear
close substantive resemblance to letters of credit: see _Edward Owen
Engineering Ltd v Barclays Bank International Ltd and Another_ [1978] 1 QB 159
at 171A. At this juncture, we pause to note that notwithstanding various
similarities observed between the two, a performance bond is not “equivalent
to a letter of credit for _all purposes_ ” [emphasis added] (LP Thean JA, “
_The Enforcement of a Performance Bond: The Perspective of the Underlying
Contract_ " [1998] 19 Sing LR 389 (“ _Enforcement of a Performance Bond_ ”) at
p 400). No more need be stated here, but for more on the distinction between
the two, see _Enforcement of a Performance Bond_ at pp 400–415.

27 It was this peculiar “document-centric” function of performance bonds that
Staughton LJ alluded to in _IE Contractors Ltd v Lloyds Bank PLC and Rafidain
Bank_ [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 496 (“ _IE Contractors_ ”) at 499 in observing
that:

… a performance bond, like a letter of credit, will generally be found to be
conditioned upon the presentation of one or more documents, rather than upon
the actual existence of facts which those documents assert. If the letter of
credit or bond requires a document asserting that goods have been shipped or
that a contract has been broken, and if such a document is presented, the bank
must pay. It is nothing to the point that the document is untruthful, and that
the goods have not been shipped or the contract not broken. ...The
justification for it is said to be that bankers can check documents, but do
not have the means or the inclination to check facts, at any rate for the
modest commission which they charge on a letter of credit or performance bond.

28 In addition, Staughton LJ also quite rightly noted that (_IE Contractors_
at 499):

On the other hand there is no reason why a performance bond should not depart
from the usual pattern, and be conditioned upon the existence of facts rather
than the production of a document asserting those facts. It might be
inconvenient for the bank, but it is a perfectly lawful contract if the
parties choose to make it.

What Staughton LJ envisaged in the latter case was a performance bond
predicated on the existence (and/or proof) of a breach and/or the occasioning
of loss and damage on the underlying contract. This is of course an altogether
different type of bond where the merits of the underlying dispute might be
relevant. Such an instrument diminishes the effectiveness of the traditional
on demand performance bond as a cash equivalent for the beneficiary as it
might import by reference the need to verify or attest to facts before a
compliant demand can be or is deemed made. However, the nature and
characteristics of the instrument is a matter for agreement between the
parties to the contract: it is for them to decide what arrangement best suits
their needs. The courts should not be astute in ascribing or imputing
intentions to the parties in this genre of instruments if the terms are not
explicit (for reasons why this is the case, see [32] below).

29 Such bonds conditioned on breach and/or actual loss are usually described
as “conditional bonds”: see J O’Donovan and J Phillips, _The Modern Contract
of Guarantee_ , (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2010) (“ _O’Donovan and Phillips_ ”)
at paras 13-03–13-04. The authors liken them to having some characteristics of
guarantees, though it should be noted that they are not guarantees in the true
sense of the word. A true “see to it” guarantee is a contract whereby the
surety promises the creditor to be responsible, in addition to the principal,
for performance of the underlying contract between the principal and the
creditor, if the principal fails to perform his obligations: see _Andrews &
Millett_ at para 1-004. The surety’s liability is thus _secondary_ to that of
the principal. In contrast, the liability of the bond issuer to honour payment
on the bond is a _primary_ liability that falls on its shoulders alone: see
_American Home Assurance Co v Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 992 at
[41]. An example of a conditional bond is found in _JBE Properties Pte Ltd v
Gammon Pte Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR 47, where this court found that the obligation of
the bank was limited to payment against _actual losses_ (at [19]).

30 As a final point of clarification, we note that businessmen commonly refer
to first demand performance bonds as “first demand performance _guarantees_ ”.
This is a bit of a misnomer for reasons already explained at [29] above.

31 On the issue of when payment must be made on service of a demand, it is
usually the case in both conditional and unconditional performance bonds that
a demand can be made subject to: (a) the fulfilment of various condition
precedents; and/or (b) compliance with the stipulated form: see also
_O’Donovan_ _and Phillips_ at para 13-06 and Poh Chu Chai, _Guarantees and
Performance Bonds_ (LexisNexis, 2008) (“ _Poh_ ”) at p 310. In fact, one of
the usual condition precedents to making a demand in conditional performance
bonds is _actual breach_ by the account party of the underlying contract.
Other possible conditions include the occurrence of other trigger events (_eg_
, insolvency) or the need for the beneficiary to take additional steps prior
to making the demand. Inserting these conditions help to safeguard the account
party from abusive calls by the beneficiary, where a simple demand by the
beneficiary would be sufficient to bring about a bank’s obligation to make
payment under the bond. As for the form of the demand, the beneficiary may
need to assert a breach of the underlying contract, or furnish _prima facie_
evidence of the account party’s alleged breach (in the case of conditional
performance bonds), _etc.__However, whether condition precedents are set or a
form is prescribed_ ,_the doctrine of strict compliance_ _equally applies._
There are good reasons for this requirement.

32 First and foremost, more often than not, an issuing bank knows nothing
about the details of the transaction between the account party and the
beneficiary. Hence, the bank cannot be expected to decide what exactly will
(or will not) suffice. It may turn only to the wording of the performance bond
for guidance. Secondly, the function that performance bonds are supposed to
serve (_viz_ , providing prompt payment to the beneficiary: see [26] above)
can only be achieved if the banks are able to complete its assessment quickly,
with little expense and little need to exercise its individual discretion. It
is precisely this function that results in time always being of the essence in
performance bonds. Thirdly, the speed at which decisions can be made is also
relevant in the litigation context: the court, when assessing whether or not
to grant an injunction to prevent payment under a performance bond, should be
able to reach its decision quickly by referring only to the bond instrument.
Fourthly, strict compliance is necessary to ensure certainty for both the
account party and the beneficiary. The account party protects his interests by
inserting in the performance bond all necessary requirements before monies can
be paid out thereunder. The beneficiary in turn benefits from the certainty
that he will be paid if he complies strictly with the terms of the performance
bond. Cases where the courts appear to have departed from this general
principle of strict compliance can perhaps be explained as being fact-centric
and turning on the proper construction of the instruments in question.
Ultimately, there is no room for the application of any vague notions of
unconscionability or the _de minimis_ exception that Labroy propounds, at [21]
above and [50] below.

33 As for how to identify the condition precedents or prescribed form to be
met, this is a matter of construing the instrument. This brings us neatly to
the next issue of approaching the question of construction in the context of
performance bonds.

The construction process in performance bonds

Treatment of extrinsic evidence

34 We begin our analysis by referring to the general principles of contractual
interpretation, as explicated in _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“
_Zurich_ ”). In _Zurich_ , this Court stated in no uncertain terms (at [114])
that ambiguity is no longer a prerequisite for the admissibility of extrinsic
evidence in aid of contractual interpretation. As words are sometimes
penumbral, the external context of the contract (encompassing the surrounding
factual matrix, prior negotiations, _etc_) will, more often than not, help to
define the contours and limits of the penumbra: see _Zurich_ at [122]. That
being said, before beginning the construction exercise, the “first and
foremost consideration in approaching any written contract must be the essence
and attributes of the document being examined” as “[d]ifferent genres of
documents may require different treatment by the court at various stages of
the analytical process”: see _Zurich_ at [110].

35 In our view, the first demand performance bond, in particular, is one such
document where the court should be restrained in its examination of the
external context and extrinsic evidence. First, like a standard form contract,
“the presumption [is] that all the terms of the agreement between the parties
are contained in the contract”: see _Zurich_ at [110]. As already mentioned at
[26] above, the primary role of a performance bond in commerce is to ensure
expediency in payment. At the time the call is made, both the beneficiary and
bank need to be able to determine quickly if the demand is valid simply _by
looking at the bond instrument itself_. There should not be a need for cross-
references to be made to the underlying contract to determine the ambit of the
condition precedents _etc_. Secondly, performance bonds are most commonly used
in commercial contexts, particularly in the construction industry and in the
area of international trade. Parties to these transactions are, more often
than not, experienced commercial men who are able to appreciate that the
underlying contract and the bond are independent contracts with different
obligations vis-à-vis different parties. It would thus be reasonable to expect
that parties ordinarily intend for each of these contracts to contain _all_
the terms of the respective parties’ agreements.

36 That being said, in situations where the wording of the bond instrument is
patently ambiguous, and it cannot be readily determined from the internal
context of the document how to read the disputed provision, the court’s only
recourse is to refer to extrinsic evidence for a better understanding of the
parties’ objective intentions and/or commercial purpose. Similarly, if the
plain wording of the contract suggests a meaning inconsistent with the obvious
external context in which the contract is made, this might indicate that “
_that_ construction might _not_ be as clear as was initially thought and
might, on the contrary, be evidence of [“latent”] ambiguity” [emphasis in
original]: see _Sandar Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd (trading as
Mount Elizabeth Hospital and another)_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 891 at [29], which this
Court referred to in _Zurich_ at [128]. As for the form of extrinsic evidence
to admit in both situations, the most immediately relevant material (in the
sense that it affects the way in which the language of the document would be
understood by a reasonable person: see _Zurich_ at [125]) would ordinarily be
the underlying agreement that necessitates the procurement of the performance
bond.

37 An instructive illustration of a case where extrinsic evidence shone light
on latent ambiguity in the performance bond is _Rainy Sky SA v Kookmin Bank_
[2011] 1 WLR 2900 (“ _Rainy Sky (SC)_ ”)_._ The salient facts of the case are
summarised below.

38 The appellants entered into several agreements with Jinse Shipbuilding Co
Ltd (“Jinse”) for the sale and purchase of ships. Under these agreements, the
appellants were to pay the purchase price in advance, but were able to demand
that Jinse refund those payments in certain circumstances. When Jinse became
insolvent, the appellants sued the respondent on the performance bonds issued
by the respondent to the appellants to secure the obligations of Jinse. The
crucial provisions of the bonds were paragraphs 2 and 3 which read as follows
(_Rainy Sky_ _(SC)_ at 2903-2904):

2\. Pursuant to the terms of the contract, you are entitled, upon your
rejection of the vessel in accordance with the terms of the contract, your
termination, cancellation or rescission of the contract or upon a total loss
of the vessel, to repayment of the pre-delivery instalments of the contract
price paid by you prior to such termination … .

3\. In consideration of your agreement to make the pre-delivery instalments
under the contract … , we hereby, as primary obligor, irrevocably and
unconditionally undertake to pay to you, your successors and assigns, on your
first written demand, _all such sums_ due to you under the contract …

[emphasis added]

The key issue before the UK Supreme Court was what the parties meant by the
phrase “all such sums” in paragraph 3 of the bonds. Did this mean that Jinse’s
insolvency was one of the trigger events contemplated by the performance bond
as a condition precedent to making a valid demand for a refund? The appellants
responded with a resounding “yes”. However, on a plain reading of the bond
instrument’s terms, the odds were against them as paragraph 2 of the bond
mentioned “termination, cancellation or rescission” of the contract and “total
loss of the vessel” as grounds for repayment but was silent as to insolvency.

39 In _Kookmin Bank v Rainy Sky SA and others_ [2010] EWCA Civ 582 (“ _Rainy
Sky (CA)_ ”), Sir Simon Tuckey (“Sir Simon”) of the Court of Appeal (whose
views the Supreme Court largely adopted) laid out his approach to the
construction process as follows (at [19]):

The court must first look at the words which the parties have used in the bond
itself. The shipbuilding contract is of course the context and cause for the
bond but is nevertheless a separate contract between different parties. If the
language of the bond leads clearly to a conclusion that one or other of the
constructions contended for is the correct one, the Court must give effect to
it, however surprising or unreasonable the result might be. _But if there are
two possible constructions, the Court is entitled to reject the one which is
unreasonable and, in a commercial context, the one which flouts business
commonsense._ [emphasis added]

The process by which one arrives at two competing constructions was also
addressed by this Court in _Zurich_ at [130] in the following terms:

[T]he court will _first_ take into account the plain language of the contract
together with relevant extrinsic material which is evidence of its context.
_Then, if, in the light of this context_ , the plain language of the contract
becomes ambiguous (_ie_ , it takes on another plausible meaning) or absurd,
the court will be entitled to put on the contractual term in question an
interpretation which is different from that demanded by its plain language.
[emphasis in original]

40 On the facts of the case, Sir Simon referred to Arts X.5 (which obliged
Jinse to refund the appellants’ advances in the event of the appellants’
termination, cancellation or rescission of the contract), X.6 (which obliged
Jinse to refund the appellants’ advances in the event of total loss or
constructive total loss of the vessel prior to delivery) and XII (which
obliged Jinse to refund the appellants’ advances in the event of the former’s
insolvency) of the underlying contract between the appellants and Jinse. He
also considered Article X.8 (which set out Jinse’s obligation to procure
refund guarantees securing the appellants’ advances in the form of Exhibit A
_which was “yet to be agreed”_ _at the time_ [emphasis added]) before
concluding that the bond actually executed was “poorly drafted” for its
failure to refer back to Article XII (_Rainy Sky (CA)_ at [28]). In his view,
the underlying contract made it clear that Jinse and the appellants had
intended that the former’s insolvency be regarded a trigger event for a call
to be made. In fact, it would go against commercial common sense for
insolvency to have been excluded as “insolvency of [Jinse] was the situation
for which the security of the advance payment bond was most likely to be
needed” (_Rainy Sky (CA)_ at [30]).

A contextual approach to interpretation

41 Now that we have considered the role extrinsic material might play, the
next step is the actual task of interpreting this genre of documents. On this,
several texts have commended the strict interpretation approach where “the
court rejects a common-sense view of what the language of the contract
entails, and instead adopts a narrower reading of the words”: see G McMeel,
_The Construction of Contracts_ (Oxford University Press, 2007) (“ _McMeel_ ”)
at para 6.35. The strength of such an approach lies in the high degree of
certainty it gives to the banks and beneficiaries that the demands are in
compliance with the bond. The reality, however, is that the ordinary
principles of interpretation that apply to all mercantile contracts apply also
to performance bonds. In this regard, it bears setting out in brief a summary
of the relevant principles of interpretation again: for a more precise
exposition, see _Zurich_ at [131]:

(a) first, the aim of the exercise of construction is to ascertain the meaning
the document would convey to a reasonable business person;

(b) secondly, the courts are concerned with the objective expressed intention
of the parties and not their actual intentions;

(c) thirdly, the courts will not excessively focus on particular phrases or
words. The emphasis is on the document as a whole;

(d) fourthly, the courts are prepared to look to the legal, regulatory and
factual matrix constituting the background in which the document was drafted
to inform them on how to interpret the document;

(e) fifthly, the courts will give regard to the overall commercial purpose of
the parties in entering into the transaction;

(f) sixthly, preference will be given to an interpretation that makes the
contract and its performance lawful and effective;

(g) seventhly, where the contract appears to be one-sided or onerous, it will
be construed strictly against the party seeking to rely on it;

(h) eighthly, an interpretation that leads to very unreasonable results will
be avoided unless it is required by clear words and there is no other tenable
construction;

(i) ninthly, a specially agreed provision should override an inconsistent
standard provision which has not been individually negotiated; and

(j) tenthly, a more precise provision should override an inconsistent general
provision.

It bears emphasising that these principles are just signposts rather than
rules to be applied rigidly in every case. Which principle takes precedence
depends in turn on the facts of the case under consideration. Ultimately, the
court has a responsibility to respect the objective record of the parties’
agreement as contained in the contract.

42 As a final word of caution: a contextual approach is certainly not a _carte
blanche_ for “creative interpretation” (as coined by Lord Lloyd in _Investors
Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1 WLR 896 at
904D). As far as possible, the court should adhere to the plain meaning of the
words, except for situations as described in [36] above. Because of the need
for _commercial certainty_ in this genre of instruments, the courts will
hardly ever imply terms into them.

Application to the facts

43 We will now turn to characterise the Refund Guarantees and interpret the
New Demand Clause.

44 On the issue of characterisation, Mr Lim submits that the Refund Guarantees
function predominantly as an indemnity guarantee payable on proof of actual
breach.[note: 17] The “on demand” element only arises in relation to the New
Demand Clause.[note: 18] We disagree. Looking at the clauses of the Refund
Guarantees, we are of the view that, notwithstanding its label, the entire
instrument is an on demand performance bond. Labelling the instruments as
guarantees does not change the substance or nature of it. A spoon does not
become a fork by calling it one.

45 The essence of a guarantee is that it is predicated on actual breach by the
creditor (see [29] above). However, clause 3(b) of the Refund Guarantees
provides that an Initial Demand must be made in written form “stating that the
Contract is cancelled or rescinded by the Owner in accordance with the
Contract, _which statement shall be final and conclusive_ ” [emphasis added].
The italicised words make clear, in no uncertain terms, that the Banks are not
to investigate the accuracy of MM’s assertion of breach. Such is the
characteristic hallmark of a first demand performance bond: immediate payment
eschewing any manner of delving into the merits of the underlying dispute (see
[26] above). Similarly, the New Demand Clause provides that “we [_ie_ , the
Banks] shall pay the Owner [_ie_ , MM] the said sum claimed under the New
Demand immediately upon our receipt of the New Demand _irrespective of whether
or not the claim under the New Demand is disputed by the Builder or has been
referred to arbitration or there is an arbitration claim pending_ ” [emphasis
added]. In short, payment will be made whether or not MM was right to say
there was a valid rescission. As for the Deferred Demand, the Refund
Guarantees state that this may be made in written form “together with a
_certified true copy of the Award_ ” [emphasis added]. We think this is by no
means a requirement of proof of actual breach. Rather, it is a stipulated form
quite commonly used in performance bonds to protect the account holder against
abusive calls (see [31] above). Finally, clause 5 clears any doubt,
whatsoever, that the Refund Guarantees function as standalone documents as the
Banks’ liabilities under the Refund Guarantees shall “ _not be affected by_
_... any other matter or circumstances_ ” [emphasis added].

46 We move on now to the task of construing the New Demand Clause to see what
conditions MM would have to fulfil. The parties have proffered three possible
interpretations (see [16]–[19] above). In the case of Labroy, it _implies_
into the New Demand under the First Limb, a condition that no Initial Demand
be made, and into a New Demand under the Second Limb, a condition that an
Initial Demand be made (see [17] above). We should note, in passing, that
implication is to be distinguished from construction: the former works as an
_ad hoc_ gap filler when the parties have failed to include in the contract
what they would have, whilst construction looks to the express terms of the
contract to ascertain the meaning of the parties. The test for implication is
that of necessity (see, in this regard, the “business efficacy” test and the
“officious bystander” test in _McMeel_ at paras 11.13–11.14 and also the
decision of this Court in _Ng Giap Hoe v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd and
others_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 at [62]). However, Labroy does not address us on
how this threshold is met. Instead, Mr Lim avers that a construction of the
express terms reveals the parties’ objective intention to preserve MM’s
security in two specific situations _so that it can continue to make an
Initial or Deferred Demand and get its advances back_. The ambiguity of the
New Demand Clause, he argues, obscures that intention.

47 We disagree with this proposed “construction”. Even at first blush, it
appears to us convoluted to say that the New Demand Clause was inserted to, in
a way, supplement MM’s efforts to make an Initial Demand or a Deferred Demand.
Looking at the terms of the Refund Guarantees and construing them as a whole
(applying the third canon of interpretation: see [41] above), it is plain to
us that the parties’ objective intentions are to cover different
contingencies. The _first_ scenario, encompassing Initial Demands and Deferred
Demands, is premised upon the continuing subsistence of valid Refund
Guarantees without any lapse in their continuity and validity. Thus, payment
need not necessarily be immediate if a reference to arbitration is made by
Labroy upon receipt of an Initial Demand from MM. The latter has to await the
outcome of that arbitration (in its favour) before any payment falls due under
the Refund Guarantees. In the meantime, MM remains adequately secured pending
the outcome of the arbitration. The _second_ is an altogether different
situation where the existence or continuance of the security is compromised by
the failure to provide a replacement guarantee (or an extension of the Refund
Guarantees) punctually. Plainly, such a breach goes to the heart of the
security function that the Refund Guarantees are meant to uncompromisingly
provide until the delivery of the vessel and/or the resolution of any disputes
by arbitration. In such a scenario, _MM is inadequately secured_. The failure
to comply with this fundamental security obligation even momentarily
(regardless of whether the Underlying Contract is afoot or not and whether
there is a pending arbitration) entitles MM to demand and receive repayment
_“immediately”_ of all advance payments it had made until then.

48 That being said, while the Refund Guarantees contemplate different types of
demands, in fact, the parties only intend for payment to be effected once,
upon which each Refund Guarantee is exhausted. This can be seen from the last
sentence of clause 3(a) and the last sentence of the first paragraph to the
proviso, which states that payment will be made on the condition that “ _our
maximum liability hereunder shall not at any time exceed the Guaranteed
Amount”_ [emphasis added].

49 Next, we note that Labroy’s written submissions were silent on the effect
that the phrase in bold italics at [4] above would have on the New Demand
Clause. When quizzed on this at the hearing, Mr Lim took the position that
this condition only applied to a New Demand under the Second Limb. This cannot
be so. The phrase clearly applies to New Demands made _both_ under the First
Limb and the Second Limb. If not, there would be no need to state “the Initial
Demand **(**_if made_)” [emphasis added], since by his own argument, a New
Demand under the Second Limb can only be made after an Initial Demand is made.
Also, we note, that the parties themselves seem to accept Labroy’s practice,
between August 2010 and April 2011, of procuring _extended_ Refund Guarantees
within the stipulated deadline.

50 Thirdly, we should add that in the hearing, Mr Lim placed considerable
emphasis on the fact that _even if_ the phrase were to apply also to a New
Demand under the First Limb, given that this was a substantial venture,
parties would not mean for the entire transaction to be unravelled by
something so slight as a one day delay. We disagree. Due to the role
performance bonds play as documentary credit, more often than not, time is of
the essence. In fact, Mr Lim himself conceded this was the case in the
instrument before us (see [22] above). In such a situation, it would do Labroy
no good to make a _de minimis_ argument.

51 We next turn to Mr Lee SC’s interpretation which is, at first blush, more
seductive than Labroy’s. He argues that a plain reading of the New Demand
Clause will reveal that the First Limb applies where MM has elected to keep
the Underlying Contract in force (for his reasons in support, see [13] and
[19] above), and the Second Limb applies where the Underlying Contract is
purportedly rescinded. This reading furthermore accords with the wording of
Article 3.8 of the Underlying Contract, which states[note: 19]:

The Owner’s [_ie_ , MM’s] obligation to pay the first and subsequent
instalments, excluding the instalment payable on delivery, shall be subject to
the Builder [_ie_ , Labroy] providing the Owner with a Refund Guarantee(s)
from a first class international bank, satisfactory to the Owner, _in
accordance with Annex E_ to secure the repayment to Owner of all instalments
of the Contract Price paid by Owner to Builder. ... If the Builder anticipates
that the delivery of the Rig will be delayed beyond the [mutually agreed
delivery date], the Builder shall no less than fourteen (14) Working Days
prior to the expiry of the [existing Refund Guarantee(s)] procure that the
Validity Date be extended for a further thirty (30) days, always ensuring that
the Refund Guarantee(s) is valid until the date falling thirty (30) days
beyond the delivery of the Rig. _Failure by the Builder to comply with its
obligations in respect of the extension of the Refund Guarantee(s) shall
entitle the Owner to cancel or rescind the Contract and_** _make a demand_**
_under the Refund Guarantee(s)__..._ [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

However, Annex E to the Underlying Contract was a draft Refund Guarantee that
did not incorporate the New Demand Clause. According to Mr Lee SC, this meant
that the “demand” referred to in bold italics above (which could be made
concurrently with rescission) was an Initial Demand.

52 Moreover, Mr Lee SC argued, the representatives of MM themselves seemed to
appreciate these concerns, as evidenced by their letters to Labroy’s
representatives dated 3 May 2007 written while parties were still negotiating
the terms of the draft Refund Guarantees. The clause being negotiated read:

... in the event such replacement guarantee is not furnished no less than
fourteen (14) Singapore banking days before the Expiry Date ... as provided in
Article 3.8 of the Contract, the Owner shall be entitled to make a written
demand (which demand shall be referred to hereinafter as the “New Demand”)
_for the sum claimed under the Initial Demand …_ [emphasis added]

The text in italics was initially removed by MM’s representatives because “in
a situation of delay in delivery where [Labroy] shall provide a new/prolonged
guarantee, no Initial Demand will have been made. The wording does
consequently not fit with such situation [sic]”.[note: 20]

53 The most obvious flaw in Mr Lee SC’s submission is how it anomalously
penalises MM for serving the notice of rescission _before_ (or even
contemporaneously with) serving the requisite letter of demand on the Banks.
It is difficult to accept that the parties had ever contemplated that the
essential validity of a demand would ultimately hinge on the existence of the
Underlying Contract. As the eighth canon of interpretation states, “an
interpretation that leads to very unreasonable results will be avoided unless
it is required by clear words and there is no other tenable construction”: see
above at [41(h)]. Certainly the terms of the Refund Guarantees do not reflect
this explicitly. As such, Mr Lee SC’s arguments are semantic niceties that
cannot be reasonably attributed to the parties. We are unable to ascertain or
impute any such intention in the Replacement Guarantees and would be, in any
event, slow to objectively ascribe to the parties such an intention since this
has not been made plain. But more than this, we think Mr Lee SC erred in
arguing that the First Limb applies only when MM intends to keep the
Underlying Contract alive. In our view, MM need only elect to keep the
Underlying Contract alive _up to the point it requests that replacement
guarantees and/or extended Refund Guarantees be furnished_ , after which the
responsibility is on Labroy to furnish the same by the stipulated deadline.
_Crucially, once the deadline passes and no such Refund Guarantees are
furnished, MM’s right to serve a New Demand on the Bank crystallises into an
accrued right and may be exercised anytime_ _thereafter_ “irrespective of
whether or not the claim under the New Demand is disputed by the Builder or
has been referred to arbitration or there is an arbitration claim pending”
(under the New Demand Clause).

54 To reiterate, the Refund Guarantees’ most important feature was their
availability as security for any claims made by MM pending delivery of the
Rig. Once this security was compromised by a “lapse” of the security, MM _was_
entitled to exercise an entirely independent right to make a valid demand
“irrespective” of any other pending disputes the parties might have. This is
so even if MM subsequently rescinded the Underlying Contract (as it did on 12
April 2011).

55 Finally, as for the arguments propounded by the Banks that make reference
to the Underlying Contract and the parties’ correspondence, in line with our
views at [34]–[35] above, we have to disregard these arguments as the wording
of the New Demand Clause is clear on its face. In the final analysis, the
court must uphold the plain meaning of the bond’s terms unless it is evident
from a commercial view that parties could not have intended as such.

Conclusion

56 In the result, for the above reasons, we reject the respondents’
interpretations of the New Demand Clause. We allow this appeal and discharge
the injunction restraining the Banks from making payment to MM under the New
Demand. The appellant is entitled to their costs here and below and the usual
consequential orders are to apply as well.

57 On the issue of interest payable on the sums payable under the Refund
Guarantees, we allow the parties 14 days from the date hereof to make written
submissions to us as to whether we or the arbitral tribunal ought to deal with
it and, if so, the terms of the appropriate order.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol II (“2ACB”), p 142

[note: 2]Minute Sheet of Justice Quentin Loh (18 April 2011) in 2ACB p 19 at
lines 11-12

[note: 3]Appellant’s Case (“AC”) p 5 at [5]

[note: 4]Record of Appeal Vol III (“3RA”) Part C pp 164-165

[note: 5]3RA Part A, p 10 at [21]

[note: 6]3RA Part C, pp 103-104 at [30]

[note: 7]3RA Part A, p 11 at [23]

[note: 8]Affidavit of Pal Are Sund dated 1 May 2011 at [19]; 3RA Part C, pp
99–100

[note: 9]3RA Part B, pp 263-290; 2ACB, pp 200-202

[note: 10]3RA Part C, p 174

[note: 11]1st Respondent’s Case (“1RC”), pp 6-7 at [12]

[note: 12]2ACB, pp 207-209

[note: 13]2ACB, pp 210-211

[note: 14]See [34] of Labroy v MM, at ASCB p 20

[note: 15]1RC, pp11-12 at [27]-[29]

[note: 16]1RC, p 31 at [56]

[note: 17]1RC, p 10 at [22]

[note: 18]1RC, p 11 at [25]

[note: 19]3RA Part A pp 38–39; 2ACB pp 117–118

[note: 20]2nd-4th Respondents’ Supplemental Core Bundle Vol I, p10.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

