Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Breezeway Overseas Ltd _v_ UBS AG  
[2012] SGHC 41

Case Number| :| Suit No 114 of 2010 (consolidating Suit No 112 of 2010),
Summons No 2443 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Yeong Zee Kin SAR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Julian Tay with Mr Freddy Lim for the plaintiffs; Mr
Tan Shou Min for the first, third, fourth and fifth defendants; Ms Charmaine
Chan for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Breezeway Overseas Ltd — UBS AG  
  
28 February 2012|  
---|---  
  
Yeong Zee Kin SAR:

1 The first plaintiff, Breezeway Overseas Ltd (“**Breezeway** ”), is a
customer of the first defendant, UBS AG (“**UBS** ”). Breezeway is a family
investment vehicle controlled by the second plaintiff, Vasanmal Murli, who is
one of its directors; the other directors are his wife and two daughters.
Breezeway held accounts with the Hong Kong and Singapore branches of UBS, ie
the fourth and fifth defendants respectively. At the material time, Breezeway
was initially serviced by the second and then the third defendants, who were
his client advisers and employees of the Singapore branch, ie fifth defendant.

History of summons application and order for discovery in stages

2 The present summons was taken out by the plaintiffs for discovery to be
carried out in accordance with a proposed electronic discovery protocol. The
second and third defendant had, by the time the summons came up for hearing,
left the employment of UBS. They had also deposed to the fact that they did
not have in their possession, custody or power any discoverable documents –
all discoverable documents had been turned over to UBS when their employment
with UBS came to an end. As UBS was not familiar with how these documents had
been organised, the use of search terms to identify discoverable documents
would be conducive to the efficient management of discovery.

3 After hearing submissions from counsel, I had ordered that parties adopt an
electronic discovery protocol that provided for discovery to be carried out in
stages and for the use of search terms. Parties were directed to discuss and
agree on the search terms and liberty to apply was granted for parties to
apply to court for determination of any disputed search term. Eventually,
parties came back before me for determination of disputed search terms. UBS
has now appealed against my decision in relation to the search terms that had
been ordered. I set out the reasons for my decision in these grounds.

The _raison d’être_ for discovery in stages

4 In olden days, there was better discipline in maintaining a more or less
complete set of documents in a single file. The paper file would usually be
kept by the department concerned with the transactions in question or
sometimes centrally. Duplicates of certain documents were maintained by other
departments: for example, by the finance or accounts department as part of
their payment records. Employees usually were not expected to maintain their
personal files; and their working papers, unless incorporated into the
departmental file on the matter, were usually discarded.

5 In more recent times, e-mail messages have taken over the functions of
printed correspondence to a large extent. This has resulted in two phenomena –
first, the proliferation of copies and second, the decentralisation of
records. Electronic mail is personal in the sense that each employee has his
own e-mail account. The ease of inserting multiple addressees in an e-mail
makes it easy to send the same message to a number of persons. Documents are
also thus sent to multiple recipients as attachments to the e-mail message. As
a result, the same message appears in each recipient’s e-mail account; and the
same documents may be stored on each recipient’s computer.

6 Concomitantly, the practice of maintaining a central file of paper documents
that is also a complete record became a practice that was no longer
assiduously observed in many organisations. Although document management
systems are available that enable an organisation to maintain a central
electronic record of documents and e-mails, not many organisations have
implemented these systems. Consequently, it is now much more difficult for an
organisation like UBS to be able to “pull out the relevant file”. It has to
look for documents in the e-mail accounts and computers of all employees
involved in the matter. The problem is compounded where, like in the present
case, the employees who were most actively involved in the matter are no
longer in their employ. Without a centralised document management system, it
has to potentially look for discoverable documents in the e-mail accounts and
computers of all the employees who had anything to do with Breezeway’s
account.

7 This poses a challenge to the application of traditional discovery
principles to modern civil litigation. The old rules worked well when all one
had to do was to “pull out the relevant file” and identify documents relevant
to the issues in dispute. The relevant file was centralised and the problem of
duplicates not so severe. In the modern office, the relevant file translates
to the e-mail account, the computer hard disk and (frequently) the network
storage of each employee. The oftentimes indiscriminate copying of e-mails to
multiple addressees will assure that the party giving discovery will have to
expend time and resources in identifying and removing duplicates.

8 Although there are computer programs that will be able to identify
duplicates – ie de-duplication software – these work only on electronic
documents. The effort of identifying and removing duplicates, particularly
when documents from multiple custodians and repositories have been collated,
should not be underestimated. There is a more efficient and cost-effective way
to manage discovery.

How discovery may be conducted in stages

9 Conducting discovery in stages requires that parties identify at the close
of pleadings both the issues in dispute and the witnesses that are key to
these disputed issues. For the purpose of electronic discovery, these
witnesses are referred to as custodians: an emphasis on their role as
custodians of both knowledge of the relevant facts as well as custodians of
the relevant documents.

10 Once the key custodians are identified, attention is turned to the
repositories of electronic documents in their possession, custody or power.
The repositories will typically include their e-mail accounts, hard disks on
their desktop and notebook computers, removable storage media, online storage
locations on the network, etc. Again, it is not necessarily the case that
every repository under the possession, custody or power of each custodian has
to be within the scope of the initial stage of discovery. Much depends on the
amounts at stake and the significance of the issues in dispute: ie
proportionality.

11 Having identified the custodian and the repositories, it is open to parties
to either identify the relevant storage media or folders within storage
devices (eg hard disks) to be disclosed or parties can agree that a reasonable
search be conducted on the identified repositories. Where the custodian has
been assiduous in his electronic filing, he may have organised his e-mails and
documents into structured folders, much like how paper files used to be kept.
In such felicitous circumstances, it will in fact be possible to “pull out the
relevant file” by producing a copy of the relevant electronic folders and
their content. This will be almost like traditional discovery. The party
giving discovery may review the identified electronic folders for irrelevant
e-mails and documents before making a copy of the relevant electronic
documents for his adversary.

12 Oftentimes, e-mails and electronic documents are not so neatly organised
and a keyword search may need to be conducted to identify documents for
discovery. In the parlance of our practice directions on electronic discovery,
this is a “reasonable search” – an electronic search conducted on the
repositories using a set of agreed search terms with reasonable limits: _Robin
Duane Littau v Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd_ [2011] SGHC 61, at [22]. The
search is delimited in two respects.

(a) First, parties have to decide whether the entire storage device (eg hard
disk) or storage medium is to be searched, or only certain folders and sub-
folders. For hard disks, parties should usually identify the relevant folders
and sub-folders as modern operating systems usually establish a set of folders
where documents are stored. This will obviate the necessity of searching a
multitude of folders where operating system, application software, library and
configuration files are stored.

(b) Second, parties have to agree on the time period during which the relevant
documents were created or received. This will serve to exclude documents
responsive to the search term but which are likely to be irrelevant. The time
period may differ for different key words, repositories or custodians.

13 The search results are presumed to be relevant without the need for a
further review of each document for relevance: _Sanae Achar v Sci-Gen Ltd_
[2011] 3 SLR 967; [2011] SGHC 87, at [23].

14 Conducting discovery in stages will ameliorate the effects of the
proliferation of copies and decentralisation of records. By focusing on the
key custodians, the party giving discovery need not (at least initially) go
beyond those persons who are likely also to be the key witnesses of fact at
trial. As has been observed in _Goodale & Ors v The Ministry of Justice & Ors_
[2009] EWHC B41 (QB), at [22]:

In terms of a search one should always start with the most important people at
the top of the pyramid, that is, adopt a staged or incremental approach. Very
often an opposing party will get everything they want from that without having
to go down the pyramid any further, often into duplicate material.

15 It must be stressed that in conducting discovery in stages, it is open to
parties to proceed with a subsequent stage involving other custodians and
repositories after the conclusion of the initial stage. Subsequent stages will
be conducted in the same manner as the initial stage: identification of
additional custodians and repositories, drawing up search terms and agreeing
on the limits for reasonable searches, etc. In the limited experience of this
court, a subsequent stage has not been necessary in any case thus far.
However, that is very different from saying that subsequent stages will never
be necessary. In any event, parties may always make an application for
specific discovery under O 24, r 5 based on documents disclosed in the initial
stage of discovery.

The order for the initial stage of discovery

16 An order for discovery in stages has to be tailored to the facts of each
case, the issues in dispute and the custodians involved. Crucially, the extent
of the order must be proportionate to the amounts at stake and the
significance of the issues in dispute. Ultimately, the order is calculated to
enable the cost-effective management of the discovery stage of the
proceedings.

17 In the present case, the following custodians were identified:

(a)

Susan Abraham, the second defendant who was Vasanmal Murli’s client adviser;

(b)

Anandraj Jain, the client adviser who took over from Susan Abraham;

(c)

Vikrant Kanyal, the third defendant who was Head India Desk 2 and supervisor
of Susan Abraham and Anandraj Jain;

(d)

Vikram Malhotra, Head India Desk 1 and who took over Vikrant Kanyal’s
supervisory responsibilities when the latter left UBS’s employ;

(e)

Andreas Reber, the Regional Market Manager of the South Asia Division which
included the India desks; and

(f)

Kurt Kumschick, a senior and long-time employee of UBS to whom Andreas Reber
reported and who was the one that acquired the Breezeway account for UBS.

18 For each custodian, the following repositories were identified: (a) e-mail
accounts (or mailboxes) and instant messaging platforms, and (b) documents in
their personal network profiles stored online in UBS’s servers. This being
general discovery, I did not think that any of the issues between parties
warranted the restoration and searching of backup tapes. Hence, I ordered that
the reasonable search be conducted on the current personal network profiles of
employees still under the employ of UBS; and for ex-employees, UBS need only
restore the personal network profile as at the last date of his employment or
the last date of the relevant period, whichever was earlier.

19 Based on the issues that were raised during submissions, I also ordered
that the reasonable search be further limited to the following periods for the
respective custodians:

(a) **February and August 2008.** This was the period when Breezeway alleged
that misrepresentations were made resulting in its decision to purchase the
leveraged bonds. A reasonable search limited to this period was ordered to be
conducted on the repositories of Susan Abraham, Anandraj Jain, Kurt Kumschick
and Vikrant Kanyal.

(b) **February and June 2009.** This was the period when Breezeway alleged
that inaccurate information was provided leading to its decision to liquidate
the leveraged bonds, which in turn led to UBS reassessing the value of
Breezeway’s collateral and making a margin call. A reasonable search limited
to this period was ordered to be conducted on the repositories of all
identified custodians.

20 As parties had not discussed the search terms to be used in the reasonable
search, an adjournment was granted for parties to discuss and agree on a set
of search terms to be used, with liberty to apply for a determination in the
event of disputes over the search terms to be used. I further directed that
parties perform a preliminary search using the disputed keywords before
applying for a determination on the disputed search terms.

21 Apart from the order for discovery to be conducted in stages and the use of
reasonable searches set out above, I made several other orders for specific
discovery and interrogatories. As these are not relevant to the subject matter
of the Registrar’s Appeal, I need not set out the reasons for my decision.

Disputes over search terms

22 Parties were, unfortunately, unable to agree on the list of search terms to
be used for the reasonable search. Good faith attempts led to an agreement of
7 search terms, but parties were unable to agree on the remaining 23. Having
conducted a preliminary search, parties came back before me for determination
of the search terms to be used. After hearing submissions, I allowed a further
10 search terms. I set out hereunder the approach that I had adopted in
selecting the search terms to be used and my reasons for doing so.

Approach in selecting search terms

23 Search terms function as a proxy for ocular review of electronic documents
by identifying documents based on keywords and search operators. The use of
keywords and search operators has become almost second nature when we look for
material on the Internet. With desktop search engines becoming standard
features on modern desktop operating systems, this is fast becoming the
natural way for many individuals to look for documents and e-mails stored on
their desktop or notebook computers. Modern search engine technology is relied
upon to manage the increasingly overwhelming volume of information that is
amassed on personal computing devices and to ameliorate the effects brought
about by lackadaisical habits in managing and categorising electronically
stored documents and e-mails.

24 As has been observed earlier, electronic documents, if assiduously
categorised and stored, can be retrieved efficiently. The decentralisation of
records without the concomitant discipline of records management leads to the
common situation where electronic documents are not properly categorised in
the storage medium, thereby making it difficult for orderly retrieval. The
problem is compounded where, like the present case, the employees are no
longer with UBS and UBS has to discharge its discovery obligations.

25 As a proxy for ocular review, selection of keywords and search operators
has to be made with reference to the pleadings and the issues in dispute; in
other words, they must be relevant: _Robin Duane Littau v Astrata (Asia
Pacific) Pte Ltd_. The selection must be made having in mind the ultimate
goal: the identification of relevant documents. In selecting keywords and
formulating search terms, we ought to guard against the tendency to cast as
wide a net as we can in order to obtain the highest number of documents in the
search results. This has emerged as a pattern of behaviour in certain types of
cases, where the party seeking discovery tries to use searches to draw out as
many documents as possible from his adversary, with the hope that he may find
the proverbial smoking gun. That would, to my mind, be tantamount to trawling
or the emptying out of the adversary’s filing cabinets while hiding behind the
mask of search terms.

26 As an aside, if a party makes use of search terms to identify documents
which he then puts through a process of review in order to identify
discoverable document as a means of discharging his discovery obligations, the
situation is a little different. As he is not imposing this on his adversary,
he can choose to manage the discovery of his own documents in any manner he
deems necessary. However, there may potentially be the question whether, if he
had adopted a patently inefficient and resource-intensive method of managing
discovery, the entire costs of the discovery effort ought to be recoverable as
part of party-and-party costs. This is an issue which may need to be addressed
at some point in the future when the appropriate case comes up for
consideration.

27 The proper approach in crafting search terms is to have firmly in mind the
effects of decentralisation of records without the concomitant discipline of
proper records management. Search terms are, on this view, a means of re-
establishing a system of categorisation of electronic documents and e-mails.
Of course, this is not the only purpose. Search terms can legitimately be used
to identify documents based on new parameters that would not have been
possible with traditional filing or paper record-keeping practices. It would
be wrong to eschew these new options offered by search technology to the
discovery process. These may be adopted if they facilitate the ultimate goal
of efficient management of the discovery process in a manner proportionate to
the amounts at stake and the significance of the issues in dispute.

Decision relating to the disputed search terms

28 This is the approach which I think ought to be adopted in determining the
relevance of keywords and the formulation of search terms. _First_ , commence
with the specific before expansion to broader search terms. Specific search
terms would include the following:

(a) **Unique reference numbers.** For example, bank account numbers or client
account numbers where the context is in a banking relationship. In the context
of other commercial transactions, if one party has in place a file reference
number or account identification number, these may be used as well. This very
closely approximates the traditional paper filing system.

(b) **Names of specific projects.** This can be an important keyword
particularly where the dispute arises from a developmental project or
commercial transaction which has been assigned a project name, eg _Robin Duane
Littau v Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd_.

(c) **Keywords which identify the key witnesses (or custodians).** For
example, e-mail addresses, contact numbers and names or initials. Search terms
may be formulated based on such keywords. For example, e-mail addresses of two
key witnesses appearing in the same e-mail in order to identify e-mail
conversations between them, eg _Robin Duane Littau v Astrata (Asia Pacific)
Pte Ltd_.

(d) **Significant events and locations.** Depending on the facts, there may
have been a significant meeting which took place. It has proven useful in some
cases to make use of the meeting location or a short-hand reference to a key
meeting as a search term. This may identify correspondence and documents that
have been generated surrounding the event. However, care must be taken in
selection of locations. In the present case, there were some meetings which
took place at the offices of UBS. The search term “Suntec meeting” did not
turn up any hits in the preliminary search. Using “Suntec” alone would have
turned up too many, as the standard e-mail footer from employees of UBS
contains their office address, which is located in Suntec. However, locations
have been useful as a keyword for some other cases, eg meeting at the lobby of
Furama hotel.

29 _Next_ , we can consider search terms incorporating keywords which are
unique to the facts of the case or the context of the dispute. The
capabilities of the search engine – viz the search operators available – to be
used are particularly important for this stage.

(a) **Product names.** Where the dispute centres around the purchase of
certain product, the product may be used. However, one should bear in mind the
facts of the case. Product names alone would, for example, be unsuitable if
the product is one commonly sold by one of the parties.

(b) **Unique phrases.** For some industries, there may be unique terms or
phrases that can be used to identify significant correspondence.

30 As has been observed elsewhere, we should avoid words which are commonly
used, either in daily usage or in the context of the industry: see _Robin
Duane Littau v Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd_. Additionally, words which are
legal concepts that may be part of the lawyers’ vocabulary and thought process
may not always be helpful as keywords, eg breach of contract, confidential,
etc. If such keywords are to be used, the search term will have to be
carefully crafted.

31 The choice of keywords and formulation of search terms depends on the facts
of each case and the issues in dispute. The guidelines and approach set out
above provides a means to navigate these waters, but cannot be in any way
considered definitive or exhaustive. Further, familiarity with the
capabilities of the search engine to be used will in almost all cases be
particularly helpful. This will assist the court in formulating search terms
which could include keywords which are common words, as in this case (see
below).

32 Applying this approach to the keywords which were placed before me, I had
permitted an additional 10 search terms. The reasons for permitting them are
set out below. First, it ought to be noted that parties had agreed to the use
of 7 keywords which fall within the categories of unique reference numbers (ie
bank account numbers) and keywords which identify key witnesses.

33 I had permitted keywords based on financial products, ie leveraged bonds,
which Breezeway had purchased. These may be further categorised into two
baskets.

(a) Products which were fairly unique to the banker-customer relationship
between UBS and Breezeway. These were leveraged bonds which had been
recommended to Breezeway by the client advisers:

(i)

“Kuznetski” and “Bank of Moscow” – these refer to 2 leveraged bonds which are
in dispute, the “7.335% Kuznetski Loan Participation Lot 1 Notes 2006 (Bank of
Moscow Reg S)” and “7.335% Kuznetski Loan Participation Lot 2 Notes 2006 (Bank
of Moscow Reg S)”;

(ii)

“Kaupthing” – refers to one of the leveraged bonds in dispute; and

(iii)

“Republic of Venezuela” – similarly refers to one of the leveraged bonds in
dispute.

(a) These keywords were permitted to be run on the repositories and for the
periods previously ordered.

(b) There were 2 other leveraged bonds – “ICICI” and “VTB” – which were
heavily traded by the India desk and which had been recommended to Breezeway.
For these, I allowed them but with restrictions. Based on the number of
preliminary hits, these were restricted to the e-mail mailboxes of Susan
Abraham and Vikrant Kanyal (including the e-mail archive), but not the
documents stored on their personal network profile stored online in UBS’s
servers.

34 One of the issues in dispute is whether the loans which Breezeway had taken
were secured against collateral, and if so, whether there was any
identification of which banking assets had been marked as collateral against
the loans. There are also disputes of fact in relation to requests by UBS for
additional collateral or margin call. Hence, I had also permitted the keyword
“collateral” but restricted to their e-mail mailboxes (including the e-mail
archive), having in mind the number of hits in the preliminary search.

35 Another of the issues in dispute is whether the terms and interest rates of
the loans taken by Breezeway was “fixed to maturity”. This is a major issue in
dispute as Breezeway’s case is that they were advised to take these loans in
order to purchase the bonds on a leveraged basis. In so doing, Vasanmal Murli
had insisted that the terms and interest rates of the loans were fixed to
maturity. Hence, I allowed the search term using a proximity search of “fixed”
within 10 words of “maturity”. For this same reason, I also allowed the search
term “fixed loan”.

36 I further allowed the keyword “protest”. Although “protest” is a common
word, its use in the context of the correspondence between Breezeway and UBS
is particularly relevant to one key issue: UBS’s alleged unilateral decision
to reduce the “loanable value” of the leveraged bonds which was in turn used
by UBS as a basis for the margin call. Breezeway had protested to UBS against
this reduction and margin call. In this context, the keyword “protest” was
relevant; and the preliminary search did not reveal a surfeit of hits. Hence,
the keyword was allowed.

Review for privilege and provision of copies _in lieu_ of inspection

37 Although the search results are deemed to be relevant and no further review
for relevance is necessary, time was allocated for UBS to conduct a review for
documents and e-mails in the search results which may potentially be
privileged or for which there may be good reasons to prevent disclosure, eg
documents subject to banking secrecy and which clearly relate only to accounts
of the bank’s other customers. In this privilege review process, search terms
can also be used effectively in order to identify privileged or confidential
information. For example, using the e-mail address of external counsel to
identify privileged documents; or account numbers of other customers of the
bank handled by the client advisers in order to identify documents which
relate to these other customers. Once identified, these documents may either
be excluded from the search result or a redacted copy disclosed instead.

38 The list of documents serves the role of identifying documents which are
disclosed and (for the party entitled to inspection) a means of identifying
documents for inspection (and the supply of copies). Any subsequent dispute
over disclosure may be settled by reference to the list of documents. When
soft copies of electronically stored documents are provided in their native
format on finalised optical discs, the list of documents is effectively
supplanted by the optical disc. The optical disc functions both as the carrier
of copies and also a (directory) listing of documents so supplied.
Furthermore, since the optical disc is finalised and no new files may be added
(and similarly, no existing file removed), the risk of tampering is
significantly reduced.

39 Hence, I ordered that after UBS has completed its privilege review,
discovery was to take place by the provision of softcopies of documents and
e-mails in their native formats on a finalised optical disc. E-mails from the
Outlook e-mail system can be provided in native PST files. I further directed
that parties be dispensed from enumerating each electronic document in the
list of documents as individual items. Instead, parties were to categorise and
organise the documents and e-mails into folders and sub-folders in the optical
disc. The optical disc is to be identified as a single item in the list of
documents and its contents given brief descriptions, preferably in accordance
to the categorisation in its folders. This conflates the traditionally
separate steps of disclosure and supply of copies, and should result in
significant savings in time and costs that would otherwise have to be expended
for the preparation of the list of documents.

40 Discovery of electronically stored documents would therefore take place by
the provision of the optical disc together with the abbreviated list of
documents. For paper documents, the traditional practice of individual
enumeration was to be observed.

41 Finally, electronic copies are near perfect duplicates of the original
electronic document, particularly where the copy is in native format with
metadata intact. The need for inspection of the digital original would usually
be unnecessary. Hence, it is appropriate that a different regime be adopted:
one based on a _request_ for inspection as opposed to the traditional regime
in general discovery where the notice in the list of document makes an _offer_
for inspection (see O 24, r 9). For soft copy documents, inspection was
therefore ordered to be deferred and O 24, r 10 was ordered to apply to the
list of documents as it applies to pleadings and affidavits. Further, the time
for objections under O 27 was ordered to run from the date of exchange of the
optical disc or the date of actual inspection, whichever is the later.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

