Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tuan Foo Pao (alias Chong Fook Pao) _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2012] SGHC 29

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 2 of 2011 (MAC No 4068-4070 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Appellant in-person; Leong Wing Tuck (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Tuan Foo Pao (alias Chong Fook Pao) — Public Prosecutor  
  
7 February 2012|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant was aged 56 on 21 April 2010, the time of the offences. He was
convicted by the District Court on three charges after a trial lasting two
days. He appealed against the convictions. The first was a charge of
voluntarily causing hurt under s 323 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)
for which he was sentenced to imprisonment for two weeks. The second and third
charges were under s 20 of the Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and
Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Miscellaneous Offences Act”) for
behaving in a disorderly manner, and for which he was fined $1,000 each. He
appealed against conviction and sentence.

2 The facts found by the trial judge were as follows. The appellant went to
the Family Court on 21 April 2010 in relation to applications by him for a
Personal Protection Order against his four siblings and counter applications
by his siblings against him. While waiting for proceedings to commence the
appellant head butted his brother, PW2 Chong Fook Leng (“PW2”). He then
shouted when still in the corridor of the court. He and his brother were sent
in to explain their conduct to the Family Court judge. When they left the
Family Court the appellant started shouting again.

3 Two of the brothers including PW2 testified. The other, PW3 Chong Fook Tuang
(“PW3”) testified that he saw the appellant hit PW2 with his head. He saw PW2
holding his nose and realised that the appellant had struck him on the nose.
Both brothers testified that the appellant was aggressive and shouting. Their
evidence was corroborated by PW4 Foo See Chong Jacky (“PW4”), a security
officer of the Subordinate Courts. He too saw the appellant using his forehead
to hit a man (PW2). He saw PW2 covering his nose and shouting in pain. PW4
heard the appellant shouting at PW2. PW5 was the investigation officer (“PW5”)
who produced a footage of closed circuit television (“CCTV”) tape and
explained that there was a two to three seconds lapse between frames.

4 Under cross-examination when confronted by PW4’s account to the Family Court
judge, the appellant told the trial judge hat he was not saying that PW4 was
lying but “it could be a clash of head. It all happened in a split second”.
The trial judge also found the appellant’s testimony that he had followed PW3
into the Protecting Orderly Services room to be untrue because it was not
borne out by the CCTV footage. The trial judge disbelieved the appellant’s
account of the incident. The trial judge noted that the appellant’s testimony
before her was that there was no bodily contact between him and PW2 whereas he
told the Family Court judge at the time that it was possibly just a clash of
heads. The trial judge disbelieved the appellant’s explanation of the head
butting as a spasmodic action arising from shock and fear. On the other hand,
she accepted PW2’s account and the corroborative testimonies of PW3 and PW4.
PW1, Dr Leong Chui Ling testified that PW2 went to her for medical attention
about four hours after the incident. She did not find any visible signs of
injury but concluded that there was tenderness due to contusion and explained
that was a soft tissue injury. She said that signs of redness could have
subsided by the time of her examination of PW2.

5 The trial judge took into account the broad range of conduct that could be
considered under a charge of disorderly behaviour. She concluded that shouting
in the premises of a courthouse in the manner of the appellant was disorderly
behaviour within the meaning of s 20 of the Miscellaneous Offences Act. She
disbelieved the appellant’s account of the incidents in which he denied
shouting in respect of the first charge, and in respect of the second, that he
only said some Chinese words to PW4 as he was walking out of the courthouse.

6 On appeal, the appellant repeated his claim that he did not touch PW2 and
did not shout. He also claimed that his evidence would be borne out by the
CCTV. After perusing the CCTV footage, it was clear that it was not helpful to
either the prosecution or the defence. Contrary to the appellant’s assertion,
the trial judge did not rely on the CCTV to convict him. She relied on the
oral testimonies of all the witnesses, including the appellant. The appellant
also alleged a conspiracy and false evidence by PW4 but in spite of lengthy
adjournments to produce such evidence and to engage counsel, he produced
neither.

7 There was nothing on record that supported the appellant’s version. He
claimed that it was impossible for him to have hit PW2 and not to have that
recorded on the CCTV. The court below accepted the explanation that there was
a two to three seconds lapse between frames. The appellant himself claimed at
the Family Court that “all happened in split second”. There was no basis to
disturb any of the trial judge’s findings of fact. Further, so far as the
convictions for disorderly behaviour were concerned, I agree with the trial
judge that a high level of decorum is expected in and near the vicinity of any
courtroom. The conduct of the appellant as narrated by the prosecution
witnesses was disorderly. I agree with the trial judge that the charges had
been proved. The sentences meted out were not excessive. If it were not a
family dispute, the appellant might have received a longer term of
imprisonment. Accordingly, the appeals against conviction and sentence were
dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

