Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew _v_ Attorney-General  
[2012] SGHC 210

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 657 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ravi and Louis Joseph (L F Violet Netto) for the
applicant; Aedit Abdullah SC, Darryl Soh and Vanessa Yeo (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew — Attorney-General  
  
22 October 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The applicant, Mr Kenneth Andrew Jeyaretnam, sought leave to apply for
prerogative orders and declarations against the Government of Singapore (“the
Government”) and/or the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“the MAS”) with
respect to a contingent loan of US$4 billion (“the Loan”) offered by the MAS
to the International Monetary Fund (“the IMF”). He claimed that the offer of
the Loan by the MAS contravened Article 144 (“Art 144”) of the Constitution of
the Republic of Singapore (1999 Rev Ed) (“the Constitution”), which, in his
view, required the Loan to be approved by Parliament and the President. His
application was opposed by the respondent, who acted for the Government and
contended that the Loan was outside the ambit of Art 144.

Background

2 On 20 April 2012, the MAS announced that Singapore offered the Loan as part
of international efforts involving more than 30 countries, including
Australia, the United Kingdom and the Republic of Korea, to ensure that the
IMF had sufficient resources to deal with the ongoing financial crisis and
promote global economic and financial stability. The MAS explained that its
contribution was in the form of contingent loans to the IMF itself and not to
countries borrowing from the IMF.

3 On 6 July 2012, the applicant, who took the view that the offer of the Loan
breached Art 144, filed Originating Summons No 657 of 2012, in which he sought
–

1that leave be granted for the [applicant] to make:-

aan application for a **Prohibiting Order** prohibiting the Government and/or
the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) from giving any loan and/or
guarantee to the International Monetary Fund (“IMF”) unless such loan was made
in accordance with the provisions of Article 144 of the Constitution (1999 Rev
Ed); and/or

ban application for a **Quashing Order** quashing the Government and/or the
MAS’ decision to make a US$ 4 billion loan commitment and/or guarantee to the
IMF for contravening the provisions of Article 144 of the Constitution; and/or

2that, further to leave being granted for either or both of the abovementioned
applications in [1a] and [1b], leave be granted for the [applicant] to make:-

aan application for a **Declaration** that a loan and/or guarantee may neither
be raised nor given by the Government and/or the MAS save in accordance with
the provisions of Article 144 of the Constitution; and/or

ban application for a **Declaration** that a loan commitment and/or guarantee
may not be given by the Government and/or the MAS save in accordance with the
provisions of Article 144 of the Constitution.

[emphasis in original]

Whether leave should be granted

4 An application for prerogative orders under O 53 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) requires the leave of the court. In _Public
Service Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 133 (“ _Linda Lai_
”), the Court of Appeal explained (at [23]) that the requirement for leave is
“intended to be a means of filtering out groundless or hopeless cases at an
early stage, and its aim is to prevent a wasteful use of judicial time and to
protect public bodies from harassment (whether intentional or otherwise) that
might arise from a need to delay implementing decisions, where the legality of
such decisions is being challenged”.

5 Leave to apply for prerogative orders will not be granted unless the court
is satisfied as to the following:

(a) The subject matter of the complaint is susceptible to judicial review;

(b) The material before the court discloses an arguable case or a _prima
facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought
by the applicant; and

(c) The applicant has sufficient interest in the matter.

(a) Whether the complaint is susceptible to judicial review

6 It was common ground that the subject matter of the applicant’s complaint in
these proceedings is susceptible to judicial review. As such, this requirement
need not be further considered.

(b) Whether there was an arguable case or a prima facie case of reasonable
suspicion in favour of granting the remedies

7 In _Chan Hiang Leng Colin and others v Minister for Information and the
Arts_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 294 (“ _Colin Chan_ ”), the Court of Appeal held (at
[25]) that to obtain leave to apply for prerogative orders, what is required
to be shown is not a _prima facie_ case, but a _prima facie_ case of
reasonable suspicion. In _Linda Lai_ , the Court of Appeal explained (at [22])
that leave will be granted “if there appears to be a point which might, on
further consideration, turn out to be an arguable case in favour of granting
to the applicant the relief claimed”. This is a relatively low threshold to
cross.

8 Art 144(1) provides as follows:

**Restriction on loans, guarantees, etc.**

144.—(1) No _guarantee or loan_ shall be _given or raised_ by the Government —

(_a_) except under the authority of any resolution of Parliament with which
the President concurs;

(_b_) under the authority of any law to which this paragraph applies unless
the President concurs with the giving or raising of such guarantee or loan; or

(_c_) except under the authority of any other written law.

[emphasis added]

9 The respondent submitted that Art 144(1) should be given a purposive
interpretation to reflect the intention of Parliament, which is that no
_guarantee_ shall be _given_ and no _loan_ shall be _raised_ without its
approval and the concurrence of the President.

10 In contrast, the applicant contended that Art 144(1) should be given “a
literal and dictionary reading”, in which case, no loan shall be _given_ _or_
_raised_ by the Government without the approval of Parliament and the
concurrence of the President. His position was that while a purposive
interpretation is appropriate for fundamental rights, a different approach
should be taken in the case of the accountability of the Executive to the
Legislature. This assertion cannot be countenanced because s 9A(1) of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) provides that “an interpretation that
would promote the _purpose or object underlying the written law_ (whether that
purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or not) shall be
preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that purpose or object”
[emphasis added].

11 Art 2(9) of the Constitution provides that the Interpretation Act “shall
apply for the purpose of interpreting this Constitution”. In _Constitutional
Reference No 1 of 1995_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 803 (“ _Constitutional Reference No 1_
”), the Constitutional Tribunal stated (at [48]) that it would be wrong to
adopt a literal approach when interpreting the Constitution if the
circumstances are such that this does not give effect to the will and intent
of Parliament. Subsequently, in _Ng Yang Sek v Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 2
SLR(R) 816, the Court of Appeal criticised (at [46]) interpretations of a
statute that are “unduly formalistic and pay undue deference to the letter of
the law, not its object”. More recently, in _Adnan bin Kadir v Public
Prosecutor_ [2012] SGHC 196, Chan Sek Keong CJ reiterated (at [52]) that
“[t]he courts must always consider the purpose of the law and not simply the
letter of the law”.

12 Art 144 must thus be interpreted in a way that would promote its purpose or
object. A quick perusal of the relevant materials concerning the enactment of
Art 144 revealed that it was quite plain that this constitutional provision is
only engaged when the Government raises a loan or gives a guarantee and not
when it gives a loan.

Comparison between the Bill, the Explanatory Statement and the final version
of Art 144(1)

13 To begin with, the intention of Parliament becomes abundantly clear when
the arrangement of the relevant words “guarantee”, “loan”, “given” and
“raised” in the following three documents is taken into account:

(a) the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (Amendment No 3) Bill 1990
(Bill 23 of 1990) (“the Bill”);

(b) the Explanatory Statement with respect to the Bill (“the Explanatory
Statement”); and

(c) the amended Constitution, which incorporated Art 144(1) and Art 144(2) in
1991.

14 In the Bill, the first part of the proposed Art 144(1) was worded (at
clause 20) as follows:

No _debt, guarantee or loan_ shall be incurred, given or raised by the
Government …

[emphasis added]

15 The Explanatory Statement did not use the words “debt, guarantee or loan”
in the same order as in the Bill. Instead, it explained that the new financial
provisions in Part XI of the Constitution, which introduced Art 144, were
intended –

(_a_)to provide that no _loan, debt or guarantee_ may be raised, incurred or
given by the Government except with the concurrence of the President or under
the authority of law.

[emphasis added]

16 In the Bill, the words that followed the words “debt, guarantee or loan”
were “incurred, given or raised”. In contrast, when the order of these words
in the Bill was changed to “loan, debt or guarantee” in the Explanatory
Statement, the words that followed these rearranged words were also rearranged
to “raised, incurred or given”. This rearrangement indicated that “loan” was
linked to “raised”, “debt” was linked to “incurred” and “guarantee” was linked
to “given”. If it was intended that both the words “given” and “raised” in Art
144(1) were to apply to “loan”, there would have been no need to rearrange the
order of the words “given” and “raised” in the way it was done in the
Explanatory Statement.

17 It is also pertinent to note that when Art 144 was enacted, the word “debt”
was left out of Art 144(1) on the recommendation of the Select Committee.
Notably, when the word “debt” was not included in Art 144(1), the word
“incurred” was also deleted. This confirms that Parliament intended to link
“incurred” to “debt”, “given” to “guarantee” and “raised” to “loan” and that
only the giving of guarantees and the raising of loans by the Government are
within the ambit of Art 144.

Art 144 must be viewed in the context of the Elected Presidency

18 When determining the intention of Parliament, Art 144 must be viewed in the
context of the Elected Presidency as it was enacted when the Constitution was
amended to provide for an elected President. The Explanatory Statement
explained the purpose of the proposed constitutional amendments as follows:

This Bill seeks to amend the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore –

(a)to provide for the election of a President directly by the citizens of
Singapore;

(b)to confer upon the elected President certain functions and powers for the
_purpose of safeguarding the financial reserves of Singapore_ and _the
integrity of the Public Services_ ;

....

[emphasis added]

19 In his opinion, which was forwarded to the Government in 1998 when an offer
of a loan was made to a neighbouring country, the then Attorney-General Chan
Sek Keong (“AG Chan”), who advised that the _giving_ of a loan by the
Government is outside the ambit of Art 144, explained the purpose of the
constitutional amendments in question as follows:

2 Article 144 of the Constitution is one of the many constitutional provisions
enacted to safeguard the nation's accumulated reserves against profligate
public spending by an irresponsible government. An elected Presidency was
established as the institution for this purpose, and Article 148G provides the
machinery whereby the President may be able to do so. Article 148G imposes a
duty on the Accountant General and the Auditor General to inform the President
of any proposed transaction likely to draw on accumulated reserves

...

4 Transactions captured by Article 144 are, logically, those that increase the
financial liability of the Government or lead to a drain on its past reserves.
_The giving of a guarantee or the raising of a loan_ by the Government on
public credit are obvious cases. Hence, they were made subject to scrutiny by
Parliament and the President.

5 The giving of a loan by the Government is not an obvious case because it
creates a liability for the borrower and a corresponding asset for the
Government. _In the context of safeguarding past reserves, the mere giving of
a loan by the Government cannot, in law and in fact, give rise to the mischief
that Article 144 was enacted to deal with._

6 The text of Article 144 itself has reflected the legislative intent in
Article 144(2) in that it refers only to guarantees given and loans raised by
the Government and not loans given by the Government. This is not the only
place where the intention of the legislature with respect to Article 144 is
manifested...

...

[emphasis added]

20 AG Chan’s opinion on the purpose of Art 144 was endorsed by the Government
(see _Parliamentary Reports_ Vol 68 Cols 84–85) and circulated to Members of
Parliament. In my view, his opinion is amply supported by two White Papers in
1988 and 1990. The 1988 White Paper _Constitutional Amendments to Safeguard
Financial Assets and the Integrity of the Public Services_ (Cmd 10 of 1988)
(“the 1988 White Paper”) stated as follows (at para 1):

This White Paper describes proposals to amend the Constitution to provide
that:

(a)The President shall be elected directly by the electorate …

(b)If the Government wants to _spend any reserves which it has not itself
accumulated_ , it must obtain the concurrence of the elected President…

(c)The President shall also have powers to safeguard the integrity of the
Civil Service.

[emphasis added]

21 Significantly, the 1990 White Paper _Safeguarding Financial Assets_ _and
the Integrity of the Public Services_ (Cmd 11 of 1990) (“the 1990 White
Paper”) stated in its section on restriction on loans and guarantees (at para
42) as follows:

**Restriction on Loans, Guarantees, etc.**

The Government may not _raise loans_ , incur debts, _or give guarantees_ ,
except with the concurrence of the President or under the authority of law.
The President will have discretion to withhold assent to any Bill for these
purposes if, in his opinion, it is likely to deplete assets or reserves which
were accumulated before the current government’s term of office.

[emphasis added]

22 Notably, there was no reference to the giving of loans in para 42 of the
1990 White Paper. As was rightly pointed out by AG Chan at para 6 of his
opinion to the Government in 1998, the first sentence in para 42 of the 1990
White Paper was enacted as Art 144(1) and the second sentence as Article
144(2), which provides as follows:

The President, acting in his discretion, may withhold his assent to any Bill
passed by Parliament providing, directly or indirectly, for the borrowing of
money, the _giving of any guarantee_ or the _raising of any loan_ by the
Government if, in the opinion of the President, the Bill is likely to draw on
the reserves of the Government which were not accumulated by the Government
during its current term of office.

[emphasis added]

23 Art 144(2) augments Art 144(1) and elaborates on what the President may do
if Parliament passes a Bill that is likely to draw on reserves not accumulated
by the Government during its current term of office. The fact that Art 144(2)
refers to the “ _giving_ of any _guarantee_ ” and the “ _raising_ of any
_loan”_ and does not mention the “ _giving_ of any loan” supports the
conclusion that Art 144(1) is not engaged when loans are given by the
Government.

Legislation referred to in Art 144(3) supports the respondent’s interpretation

24 The respondent also asserted, and I agree, that the conclusion that Art 144
does not concern the giving of loans by the Government is further reinforced
by a consideration of two of the statutes referred to in Art 144(3), which
provides that Art 144(1)(_b_) shall apply to, _inter alia_ , the Financial
Procedure Act (Cap 109, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the FPA”) and the Bretton Woods
Agreements Act (Cap 27, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the BWAA”).

25 Section 15 of the FPA provides:

**Guarantees and loans**

**15**.—(1) No guarantee involving a financial liability shall be binding upon
Singapore unless given with the written authority of the Minister with which
the President concurs or in accordance with law.

(2) No loan raised by the Government shall be binding upon Singapore unless it
is raised in accordance with Article 144 of the Constitution.

26 Section 15(1) of the FPA concerns the _giving_ of guarantees while s 15(2)
governs the _raising_ of loans. Section 15 of the FPA was enacted by way of
the Financial Procedure (Amendment) Act (Act 25 of 1991), which was passed by
Parliament on 28 June 1991, _after_ Art 144 was passed by Parliament on 3
January 1991. The absence of any reference in s 15 of the FPA to the giving of
loans confirms that Parliament had intended that such loans fall outside the
ambit of Art 144(1).

27 In the context of loans to the IMF, s 9 of the BWAA, which was enacted to
enable Singapore to become a member of the IMF, provides:

**Power to raise loans**

**9.** For the purpose of providing any sums required for making any payments
under the Fund Agreement, Bank Agreement, or the membership resolutions set
out in the First and Second Schedules, _the Minister with the President’s
concurrence under Article 144(1)(b) of the Constitution_ may, on behalf of the
Government, _raise_ loans by the creation and issue of securities bearing such
rates of interest and subject to such conditions as to repayment, redemption
or otherwise as he may think fit and the principal and interest of such
securities and the charges and expenses incurred in connection with their
issue shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund.

[emphasis added]

28 The fact that s 9 of the BWAA states that the raising of loans requires
Presidential concurrence and does not provide that the giving of loans
requires such concurrence supports the view that Art 144 is not engaged when
loans are given by the Government.

Reddendo singula singulis

29 The respondent also contended that the words “given” and “raised” in Art
144(1) are specific to each financial instrument contemplated and are not to
be used interchangeably. It was pointed out that one does not, in common
parlance, “raise” a guarantee, which is a contract under which the guarantor
promises to be answerable for the liability of the debtor to a third party,
the creditor. As such, “given” in Art 144(1) must relate to “guarantee” while
the word “raised” must relate to “loan”.

30 The respondent’s assertion is supported by the _reddendo singula singulis_
principle. In _Bennion on Statutory Interpretation_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2008)
(“ _Bennion_ ”), this principle was explained (at pp 1247–1248) as follows:

Where a complex sentence has more than one subject, and more than one object,
it may be the right construction to render each to each, by reading the
provision distributively and applying each object to its appropriate subject.
A similar principle applies to verbs and their subjects, and to other parts of
speech.

31 _Bennion_ gave the following examples (at p 1248) of the application of
_reddendo singula singulis_ :

The typical application of this principle [of _reddendo singula singulis_] is
where a testator says ‘I _devise and bequeath_ all my _real and personal
property_ to B’. The term _devise_ is appropriate only to real property. The
term _bequeath_ is appropriate only to personal property. Accordingly, by the
application of the principle _reddendo singula singulis_ , the testamentary
disposition is read as if it were worded ‘I devise all my real property, and
bequeath all my personal property, to B’…

If an enactment spoke of what was to happen when ‘anyone shall draw or load a
sword or gun ...’ this would similarly be read as ‘anyone shall draw a sword
or load a gun…’

[emphasis in original]

32 In my view, the application of the _reddendo singula singulis_ principle
puts loans that are given by the Government outside the ambit of Art 144.

Report of the Auditor-General for 2011/2012

33 The applicant contended that the following statement of the Report of the
Auditor-General for the Financial Year 2011/12 (at paras 33–34 and 36)
supports his position that Art 144 applies to a loan given by the Government:

33 The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999 Revised Edition)
includes safeguards to protect the past reserves of the Government. One such
safeguard, set out in Article 144 of the Constitution requires the President’s
concurrence for the granting of certain loans and guarantees.

34 AGO found that the Ministry of Finance did not comply with Article 144 of
the Constitution when it issued a promissory note without obtaining the
required President’s concurrence. The promissory note for US$16.34 million was
issued on 4 January 2012 to the International Development Association. In
March 2012, the Association encashed US$2.94 million from the note.

….

36 The Ministry subsequently obtained the President’s concurrence and issued a
fresh promissory note in place of the one issued on 4 January 2012 which is
invalid.

34 The promissory note issued by the Ministry of Finance (“MOF”) to the
International Development Association (“the IDA”) must be viewed in the
context of the relationship between Art 144 and the International Development
Association Act (Cap 144A, 2003 Rev Ed) (“the IDAA”), which governs
Singapore’s membership of the IDA. Art 144(3) specifically provides that the
IDAA falls within the ambit of Art 144(1)(_b_). Section 5(1) of the IDAA,
which gives the President a role in approving contributions by Singapore to
the IDA, provides:

**Issue of non-negotiable notes and creation of other obligations**

**5.** —(1) To the extent to which the Association is prepared to accept from
the Government notes or other obligations that are non-interest bearing and
non-negotiable and that are payable at their par value on demand in place of
any payment that the Government has made, intends to make or is required to
make to the Association under section 4, the Minister may, _with the
concurrence of the President_ under Article 144(1) of the Constitution, create
and issue to the Association in such form as the Minister thinks fit and as is
acceptable to the Association, any such notes or other obligations.

[emphasis added]

35 In any case, the respondent rightly pointed out that a distinction must be
made between a promissory note issued by the Government to the IDA, which
creates a liability, and a loan given by the Government, which remains an
asset. In these circumstances, the Auditor-General’s opinion on the promissory
note in question is not relevant to the present case, which concerns a loan to
the IMF.

Conclusion on the scope of Art 144

36 A quick perusal of the material before the court showed that Art 144(1) was
obviously intended to apply to the raising of loans and not the giving of
loans. It follows that the approval of Parliament and the concurrence of the
President are not required for the Loan. As such, the present application did
not disclose a _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of
granting the remedies sought and it could not be said that there appeared to
be a point which might, on further consideration, turn out to be an arguable
case in favour of granting to the applicant the relief claimed. On this ground
alone, the application for leave must be dismissed.

(c) Whether the applicant has sufficient interest in the matter

37 Although I have held that the application for leave may be dismissed for
reasons already stated, I will consider the issue of _locus standi_ for the
sake of completeness.

38 In _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd and another appeal_
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 (_“Karaha Bodas_ ”), the Court of Appeal held (at [15] and
[19]) that the following requirements must be satisfied for an applicant to
have _locus standi_ to bring an action under O 15 r 16 of the ROC for a
declaration:

(a) The applicant must have a “real interest” in bringing the action;

(b) There must be a “real controversy” between the parties to the action for
the court to resolve; and

(c) The remedy sought must relate to a right which is personal to the
applicant and enforceable against an adverse party to the litigation.

39 In _Tan Eng Hong v Attorney-General_ [2012] SGCA 45 (“ _Tan Eng Hong_ ”),
the Court of Appeal ruled (at [76]) that the result of its decision in _Eng
Foong Ho and others v Attorney-General_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 542 (“ _Eng Foong Ho_
”) was that the threshold for _locus standi_ is the same whether the case is
brought under O 15 r 16 or O 53 r 1 of the ROC. As such, although the
requirements outlined in _Karaha Bodas_ in relation to _locus standi_
concerned an application for a declaration under O 15 r 16 of the ROC, they
are equally applicable to the present action. It ought to be noted, however,
that in _Tan Eng Hong_ , the Court of Appeal held (at [137]) that the element
of real controversy goes to the court’s discretion and not its jurisdiction
and the court may exercise its discretion to hear a matter even in the absence
of a real controversy.

40 While the respondent accepted that there was a real controversy for the
court to resolve, it contended that the applicant failed to show that he had a
real interest in bringing the action and that the remedy sought related to a
right which is _personal_ to him and enforceable against the other party to
the litigation.

41 This case concerns _locus standi_ in relation to a “public right” and not a
private right. In _Tan Eng Hong_ , the Court of Appeal explained (at [69])
that a public right is one which is held and vindicated by _public
authorities_ while a private right is one which is held and vindicated by a
_private individual_. Viewed in this way, _Eng Foong Ho_ and _Colin Chan_ were
both concerned with private rights involving Arts 12 and 15 of the
Constitution respectively. The recent High Court decision in _Vellama d/o
Marie Muthu v Attorney-General_ [2012] 2 SLR 1033 concerned a public right,
namely, the public interest in the strict observance of Article 49(1) of the
Constitution. However, the question of sufficient interest was not discussed
in that case as the judge noted (at [11]) that this issue was not disputed by
the parties.

42 The English position on _locus standi_ in relation to the enforcement of
public rights has become more liberal. In _Inland Revenue Commissioners v
National Federation of Self-Employed and Small Businesses Ltd_ [1982] 1 AC
617, Lord Diplock stated (at 644) as follows:

It is not, in my view, a sufficient answer to say that judicial review of the
actions of officers or departments of central government is unnecessary
because they are accountable to Parliament for the way in which they carry out
their functions. They are accountable to Parliament for what they do so far as
regards efficiency and policy, and of that Parliament is the only judge; _they
are responsible to a court of justice for the lawfulness of what they do, and
of that the court is the only judge._

[emphasis added]

43 Other English cases which have followed this liberal approach include
_Regina v Her Majesty’s Treasury Ex parte Smedley_ [1985] 1 QB 657 and _Regina
v Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs Ex parte World
Development Movement Ltd_ [1995] 1 WLR 386.

44 In _Government of Malaysia v Lim Kit Siang_ [1988] 2 MLJ 12 (“ _Lim Kit
Siang_ ”), the Malaysian Supreme Court considered the English position on
_locus standi_ in relation to the enforcement of public rights. In that case,
a Member of Parliament sought a declaration that a letter of intent issued by
the Malaysian Government to a company for the construction of the North and
South Highway was invalid as well as a permanent injunction to restrain the
said company from signing the contract with the Malaysian Government. It was
held, by a majority, that the applicant had no _locus standi_ to initiate the
proceedings against the Government because he failed to establish that a
private right of his had been infringed or that he had suffered special damage
as a result of the act challenged by him. Salleh Abas LP explained that the
change in English law on _locus standi_ resulted from the new wording of O 53
of the English Rules of the Supreme Court, which had no corresponding
provisions in Malaysia. As for the law in Malaysia on this matter, he approved
of the following passage from the judgment of Buckley J in _Boyce v Paddington
Borough Council_ [1903] 1 Ch 109 (at 114):

A plaintiff can sue without joining the Attorney General in two cases: first,
where the interference with the public right is such as that some private
right of his is at the same time interfered with (eg where an obstruction is
so placed in a highway that the owner of premises abutting upon the highway is
specially affected by reason that the obstruction interferes with his private
right to access from and to his premises to and from the highway); and,
secondly, where no private right is interfered with, but the plaintiff, in
respect of his public right, suffers special damage peculiar to himself from
the interference with the public right.

45 The approach adopted by the Court of Appeal recently in _Tan Eng Hong_
suggests that the _locus standi_ threshold in Singapore is unlikely to be
lowered to dispense with the requirement that an applicant who seeks to
enforce a public right must have been personally affected by the decision
being challenged. In that case, the Court of Appeal referred to the decision
of the majority of the Malaysian Supreme Court in _Lim Kit Siang_ without any
disapproval and stated (at [69]):

In _Government of Malaysia v Lim Kit Siang_ [1988] 2 MLJ 12 at 27, the
majority of the Malaysian Supreme Court ruled that to possess _locus standi_ ,
an applicant must show that he had a private right which had been infringed.
_If a public right was involved, the applicant must show that he had suffered
special damage as a result of the public act being challenged and that he had
a genuine private interest to protect or further._

[emphasis added]

46 The applicant relied on the following statement in _Colin Chan_ by
Karthigesu JA (at [14]) to support his contention that he has _locus standi_
to institute his present application:

If a citizen does not have sufficient interest to see that his constitutional
rights are not violated, then it is hard to see who has.

47 The applicant’s reliance on Karthigesu JA’s statement is misplaced. To
begin with, the statement was made in the context of a private right. Art 144
is not concerned with a private right. Furthermore, in _Tan Eng Hong_ , the
Court of Appeal pointed out (at [78]) that its earlier decision in _Colin
Chan_ did not accept the “far-reaching proposition” that “applicants in
constitutional cases need not demonstrate a violation of or an injury to their
personal rights in order to be granted standing”. In fact, in _Tan Eng Hong_ ,
the Court of Appeal put any dispute about the requirement of a personal
interest in an application for leave under O 53 of the ROC in relation to
private rights beyond doubt when it stated (at [93]):

Every citizen has constitutional rights, but not every citizen’s
constitutional rights will be affected by an unconstitutional law in the same
way. For example, if there is a law which provides that it is an offence for
any person of a particular race to take public buses, this law would clearly
violate Art 12. It is uncontroversial that such a law would affect the Art 12
rights of a person belonging to that race in a way that would not apply to the
Art 12 rights of a person of another race. This does not detract from the fact
that _constitutional rights, including Art 12 rights, are personal to all
citizens_. However, the mere holding of a constitutional right is insufficient
to found standing to challenge an unconstitutional law; _there must also be a
violation of the constitutional right. In this fictitious scenario, the only
persons who will have standing to bring a constitutional challenge against the
unconstitutional law for inconsistency with Art 12 will be citizens who belong
to the race that has been singled out as only their Art 12 rights will have
been violated_. Persons of other races will not have suffered violations of
their Art 12 rights and will thus have no standing to bring a constitutional
challenge in this scenario.

[emphasis added]

48 If citizenship alone does not confer _locus standi_ where fundamental
liberties are concerned and it has to be established that the applicant’s own
rights had been violated, an applicant in a case involving a public right
should certainly be required to show that he had suffered special damage as a
result of the public act being challenged and that he had a genuine private
interest to protect or further. As the applicant in the present case did not
satisfy this requirement, his application for leave may also be dismissed on
the ground that he has no _locus standi_.

Conclusion and Costs

49 For the reasons stated, the application for leave is dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

**22 October 2012**

**Media Summary**

**Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew v Attorney-General [2012] SGHC 210  
_Originating Summons No. 657 of 2012_**

**Decision of the High Court (delivered by Justice Tan Lee Meng)**

1 This is an application for leave (or permission) to apply for prerogative
orders under Order 53 of the Rules of Court against the Government of the
Republic of Singapore (“the Government”) and/or the Monetary Authority of
Singapore (“MAS”) with respect to the contingent loan of US$4 billion (“the
Loan”) offered by the MAS to the International Monetary Fund (“IMF”): at [1].

2 This application concerned interpretation of Article 144 of the
Constitution. Article 144(1) of the Constitution provides as follows:

**Restriction on loans, guarantees, etc.**

144.—(1) No guarantee or loan shall be given or raised by the Government —

  1. except under the authority of any resolution of Parliament with which the President concurs;
  2. under the authority of any law to which this paragraph applies unless the President concurs with the giving or raising of such guarantee or loan; or
  3. except under the authority of any other written law.

3 The two issues that arose for the High Court’s determination in the leave
application were:

  1. Whether there was an arguable case, or a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion; and
  2. Whether the applicant had sufficient interest, or locus standi to bring the application: at [5].

4 On the first issue of an arguable case or a prima facie case of reasonable
suspicion, the High Court held that as a matter of construction, the word
“raise” must be matched to the word “loan”, and the word “give” must be
matched to the word “guarantee”. Otherwise, there was no need to rearrange the
order of the words “raised, incurred or given” when the order of the words
“loan, debt or guarantee” were changed in the Explanatory Statement with
respect to the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (Amendment No 3) Bill
1990 (Bill 23 of 1990): at [16]. Also, when the word “debt” was deleted
pursuant to the recommendation of the Select Committee, the verb “incurred”
was correspondingly deleted: at [17].

5 The High Court then went through the legislative history of Art 144 and held
that Art 144 must be viewed in the context of the Elected Presidency regime:
at [18]. The 1990 White Paper states that the Government may not “raise
loans”, “incur debts”, or “give guarantees”, although nothing in the White
Paper prohibited the Government from “giving loans”: at [22]. The conclusion
that Art 144 did not concern the giving of loans by the Government was
reinforced by two other statutes referred to in Art 144(3), namely, the
Financial Procedure Act (at [26]) and the Bretton Woods Agreements Act (at
[28]).

6 Finally, the High Court held that the relevant principle of statutory
interpretation for Art 144 is the principle of reddendo singula singulis,
which states that “where a complex sentence has more than one subject, and
more than one object, it may be the right construction to render each to each,
by reading the provision distributively and applying each object to its
appropriate subject”: at [30]. For these reasons, the High Court held that the  
application did not raise an arguable case, or a prima facie case of
reasonable suspicion: at [36].

7 Although the application for leave may have been dismissed for reasons given
in relation to the first issue, the High Court went on to consider the second
issue of locus standi (i.e. whether the applicant had a sufficient interest)
for the sake of completeness. The High Court found that the applicant should
be required to show that he had suffered special damage as a result of the
public act being challenged and that he had a genuine private interest to
protect or further: at [48]. As the applicant did not meet this requirement,
the application may also be dismissed on the ground that he had no locus
standi.

8 As a result, the High Court dismissed the leave application with costs.

_This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.  
_

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

