Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tong Guan Teck _v_ DBS Bank Ltd and others  
[2012] SGHC 72

Case Number| :| Suit No 406 of 2011(Registrar's Appeal No 350 of 2011;
Registrar's Appeal No 351 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chua Beng Chye and Stephanie Tan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
the plaintiff; Christopher Anand s/o Daniel and Harjean Kaur (Advocatus Law
LLP) for the third defendant  
Parties| :|  Tong Guan Teck — DBS Bank Ltd and others  
  
5 April 2012|  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 The 1st Defendant, DBS Bank Ltd, (“DBS”), extended banking facilities to
Marine Accomm Pte Ltd (“MAPL”), a company started and incorporated by Mr Tong
Guan Teck (“Mr Tong”) and his partner Mr Tan Teck Ming (“Mr Tan”) sometime in
late 1988 or early 1989. As was usual, DBS required Mr Tong and Mr Tan to
guarantee repayment by MAPL of any sums due to DBS. Mr Tong and Mr Tan signed
the guarantee (“the Guarantee”) on 4 October 2005.

2 Alleging a default, DBS then sued MAPL, Mr Tan and Mr Tong for liquidated
sums under the Guarantee. Judgment in default of appearance was entered
against MAPL and Mr Tan on 15 and 24 June 2011 respectively. DBS took out
Summons No 3764/2011/K (“Summons 3764”) applying for summary judgment against
Mr Tong under O 14 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“Rules of Court”) and an order that Mr Tong’s counter-claim against DBS be
struck out under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court with indemnity costs paid to
DBS.

3 Mr Tong vigorously opposed DBS’s application for summary judgment. The
learned Assistant Registrar granted Mr Tong conditional leave to defend and
refused to strike out Mr Tong’s counter-claim. Against that decision, Mr Tong
appealed in RA 350 of 2011, (“RA 350”), contending that DBS’s application in
Summons 3764 should be dismissed or alternatively that he be given
unconditional leave to defend the claim. DBS also appealed in RA351 of 2011,
(“RA 351”).

4 The 2nd and 3rd Defendants in the counterclaim entered an appearance, but
were not directly involved in these appeals, nor did they seek judgment in
their favour.

5 After hearing the parties, I dismissed both appeals with costs in the cause.
Mr Tong has appealed against my decision and I now issue my grounds.

Facts

6 The following facts are not in dispute. MAPL defaulted in its payment
obligations to DBS under the banking facilities. These proceedings arise out
of the Guarantee signed by Mr Tong and Mr Tan on 4 October 2005 in favour of
DBS, which was followed by a Deed of Confirmation dated 29 May 2009 (“Deed of
Confirmation”). At the time of signing the Guarantee and Deed of Confirmation,
Mr Tan held 50% of the shares in MAPL, with the remaining 50% held by Brosea
Pte Ltd (“Brosea”), a company started by Mr Tong and in which Mr Tong was both
a director and shareholder. The Guarantee and its terms are not in dispute,
and are not in issue in this case. On 24 May 2011, DBS issued a letter of
demand to Mr Tong and Mr Tan as guarantors for a liquidated sum due and owing
under the Guarantee.

7 The case turned on what happened after the signing of the Deed of
Confirmation and the Guarantee, specifically, whether Mr Tong’s liability
under the Guarantee was discharged. DBS maintained in Suit 406 that his
liability under the Guarantee had not been discharged. Mr Tong filed a
counter-claim against DBS, which also included two other defendants, UOB Bank
(“UOB”), in whose favour he had also executed a guarantee, and Viking Offshore
and Marine Limited (“Viking”), a company that had bought over Mr Tong’s share
in MAPL. The claims against Viking and UOB are not the subject of this appeal.

8 The basis of Mr Tong’s counter-claim against DBS was that DBS had notice of
both the transfer of his shares in MAPL to Viking, and of the Sale and
Purchase Agreement (“the Agreement”) on 19 July 2010 effecting that transfer.
A Memorandum of Disclosure (“Disclosure Memorandum”), executed on 30 July
2010, which Mr Tong argued formed an appendix to the Agreement, stated at
Clause 15 that “all personal guarantees granted by Tong Guan Teck in respect
of the Company shall be discharged... and the Purchaser [_ie_ Viking] shall
grant a corporate guarantee for the equivalent amount in substitute of the
aforementioned personal guarantees”. Mr Tong contended that DBS owed him a
duty to ensure that Viking executed this transfer as agreed. By failing to
fulfil this duty, and by way of its assurances in letters and a meeting in
August or September 2010, DBS had effectively discharged Mr Tong from the
Guarantee and was estopped from claiming against him the liquidated sums
owing.

9 On appeal, DBS contended that no such duty existed in law or in fact, nor
had it given Mr Tong any assurance that they would take him off the Guarantee.
DBS further contended that Mr Tong’s attempts to establish such a duty was
wholly unmeritorious, vexatious and frivolous, and should be struck out under
O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court, with judgment entered for DBS.

Issues

10 This appeal turns on whether or not there is a triable issue that Mr Tong
had been discharged from the Guarantee. This hinges on:

(a) Whether DBS gave Mr Tong any express assurance that they would take him
off the Guarantee;

(b) Whether the granting of further facilities after the Agreement and the
Disclosure Memorandum had been executed was enough to discharge the Guarantee;
and

(c) Whether it is a triable issue that DBS owed a duty to Mr Tong to ensure
that Viking executed a corporate guarantee.

Evidence of an express assurance given by DBS

11 I found that there was no evidence of any assurance by DBS, even on the low
threshold of proof required under O 14 r 1 of the Rules of Court, that it
would discharge Mr Tong from the Guarantee.

12 Mr Tong relies on two matters to support his assertion that this assurance
was given:

(a) A letter from DBS on 6 January 2011 (“the 6th January Letter”) agreeing to
a conditional discharge of the Guarantee; and

(b) A meeting with DBS around August/September 2010.

The 6th January Letter

13 The 6th January Letter was primarily a letter of offer issued by DBS for
revisions to the limits on its Banking Facilities to MAPL and allowing of
Foreign Exchange Transactions from time to time. This made reference to the
fact that there had been a request for a discharge of the Guarantee. In
paragraph (a) of the pre-amble, the 6th January Letter stated:

We are agreeable to discharge Tong Guan Teck as guarantor _subject to_ the
provision of the guarantee from Tan Teck Ming and corporate guarantee from
VIKING OFFSHORE AND MARINE LIMITED.

[emphasis added]

14 The wording of the letter of offer is clear; it was not an agreement to
discharge Mr Tong as guarantor unconditionally, but only “subject to” the
provision of substitute guarantees. If this letter were to stand on its own,
Mr Tong’s contention must fail. I accept, however, that there may have been
discussions preceding the writing of the 6th January Letter which may have
provided further assurances, and it is to this issue that I now turn.

Meeting with DBS

15 Mr Tong relied on a meeting with DBS, which took place in August or
September 2010. This is the only meeting he relied on to claim that DBS gave
assurances that he would be discharged under the Guarantee. He claims that
during this meeting, DBS’s Ms Tan Soh Leng (“Ms Tan”) and Ms Low Kia Min (“Ms
Low”) had requested him and Mr Tan to loan MAPL a sum of $1,000,000 as payment
towards DBS’s outstanding facilities to MAPL, in exchange for DBS expediting
the procurement of the corporate guarantee from Viking.[note: 1] This was
flatly denied by DBS, and Ms Tan deposed that DBS had never made such a
request of Mr Tong and Mr Tan. Rather, DBS claims that the meeting was to
settle “overdue bills under the Banking Facilities” before the commencement of
legal action against Mr Tong and Mr Tan as guarantors.[note: 2] Mr Tan, who
has since left the country, was unavailable to testify as to what happened at
the meeting.

16 It should be noted that, even taking Mr Tong’s affidavit evidence at its
highest, his evidence falls short of saying that DBS undertook to discharge
him from the Guarantee. In any case, he deposed that he had “turned down the
request to loan the money”.[note: 3] He does not use this as evidence,
therefore, that DBS had assured him that he would be discharge from the
Guarantee, but as evidence only that DBS was “fully aware of Viking’s Transfer
obligation and that DBS itself appeared to be taking steps to procure the
corporate guarantee from Viking”.[note: 4] This is consistent with Ms Tan’s
evidence, which was that a conditional discharge had been offered by the 6th
January Letter, but it was not accepted and the offer eventually lapsed.[note:
5]

17 It would have been clear to Mr Tong, and his affidavit indicates that he
was aware, that he would not be discharged from the Guarantee before and
unless a substitute guarantee was obtained. Clause 12 of the Guarantee states
this clearly:

The Guarantor agrees and acknowledges that the obligation and liabilities of
the Guarantor hereunder shall be _absolute and unconditional_ and in addition
to the other provisions of this Guarantee, shall _not be abrogated,
prejudiced, affected or discharged_ ,

(a) by the Bank granting explicitly or by conduct or otherwise, whether
directly or indirectly, to the Borrower, any of the Guarantor or any other
person of any time, forbearance, concession, credit compounding, compromise,
waiver, variation, renewal, release, discharge or other advantage or
indulgence;

(b) by the Bank failing, neglecting or deciding not to recover the moneys
hereby guaranteed or any part thereof by the realisation of any collateral or
other security or in any manner otherwise or in the event of enforcement by
the Bank of any collateral or other security or any remedy or otherwise, by
any act, omission, negligence or other conduct or failure on the part of the
Bank or any other person in connection therewith;

(c) _by any_ laches, _acquiescence_ , delay, acts, omissions, mistakes _on the
part of the Bank or any other persons;_

...

[emphasis added]

Clause 22 goes on to state, _inter alia_ , that:

The Guarantor may not determine or revoke this Guarantee unless the Guarantor
makes full provision for any other outstanding liabilities or obligations to
the Bank of the Borrower’s account guaranteed hereunder and not unless the
Guaranteed Money is paid to the Bank, in full. ...

18 Mr Tong does not plead rectification or _non est factum_ , and indeed
affirmed the Guarantee in the Deed of Confirmation. He even signed a very
similar guarantee with UOB, who were the co-defendants in his counter-claim,
on 14th June 2010, and this also contained a similar clause, Clause 16.18,
which stated that he “shall not assign all or any of its rights and
liabilities under this Agreement without the prior written consent of [UOB]”.
Mr Tong appeared to be an experienced businessman and was dealing with more
than one bank; he never pleaded that he was not _au fait_ with the
implications of signing either of these guarantees and the subsequent Deed of
Confirmation. He would have been and was aware that something more than a
conditional offer would be required for him to be discharged from the
Guarantee.

19 There is no evidence either on the face of the documents or on the
affidavits filed by Mr Tong that DBS had ever assured him that they would
discharge the Guarantee. As the evidence before me on the August/September
2010 Meeting stands, Mr Tong does not really fulfil the threshold of a triable
issue however given his contentions and having regard to Mr Tong’s right to
have his day in court, I agreed with the learned Assistant Registrar’s
decision to give Mr Tong conditional leave to defend.

Whether granting of further facilities was enough to discharge the Guarantee

20 Mr Tong claimed that further facilities were to be granted to MAPL after
the shares had been transferred to Viking, and DBS was aware that Viking, and
not Mr Tong, was now behind MAPL. He thus contended that DBS impliedly
discharged the Guarantee by making an offer to grant further facilities on the
strength of MAPL’s new controlling shareholder, Viking.

21 Clause 22 of the Guarantee states:

..._Notwithstanding the bank’s receipt of notice of the Guarantor’s intention
to revoke this Guarantee, the Bank shall be entitled to continue to make
advances to the Borrower in respect of the Facilities_ _and the Guarantor
irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that he shall continue to be liable for
all such advances_ until all monies hereby guaranteed are paid to and received
by the Bank in full.

[emphasis added]

It is clear from the Guarantee that the granting of further facilities or
advances does not thereby discharge Mr Tong from liability under the
Guarantee, even if he notified the Bank that he intended to revoke the
Guarantee or obtain a substitute guarantee from Viking. Mr Tong did not even
claim that he had notified the bank of any intention to revoke the Guarantee.
Instead, in his affidavit, he only stated that DBS was aware that the
shareholding of MAPL had changed, and that DBS had approved of such change. If
a notice of intention to revoke was not enough, how could a notice of change
in shareholding in MAPL suffice to discharge Mr Tong from the Guarantee?

22 It is also clear from the documents that all that was “accepted” by DBS was
a change in the shareholding in MAPL. The letter from Mr Tan to DBS’s Ms Tan
on behalf of MAPL and his co-guarantor Mr Tong, dated 29 July 2010, was a
notification “in accordance with Clause 7” of the facility letter to inform
DBS of “the proposed change in ownership of the Company”.[note: 6] The letter
further stated that, upon completion of transfer of ownership to Viking, MAPL
“undertakes to set aside $1.5 mil from the loans given by Brosea PL and/or
Viking Offshore and Marine Limited to MAPL to settle the loan outstanding at
DBS Bank”.[note: 7] I note that the reference to the duty to inform in Clause
7 was mistakenly taken from the terms attached to UOB’s letter of facility,
rather than DBS’s, and the clause in UOB’s letter of facility stated that any
reorganisation or substantial change of shareholders shall not be taken
without the bank’s prior written consent. This was with reference to the
banking facilities. There was no mention of the Guarantee, or any indication
that the new ownership should or would discharge the Guarantee. DBS’s letter
in reply was brief and clear; it merely consented to the proposed change in
shareholding in the company. Insofar as Mr Tong alleges that the granting of
further facilities on the basis of the new shareholding was enough to
discharge the Guarantee, there is no evidence for such a proposition either in
the affidavits, pleadings, or documents. This is not a triable issue and
cannot constitute a basis for allowing RA 351 or for striking out Summons
3764.

DBS’s alleged duty to Mr Tong

23 Mr Tong’s final effort in bringing his counter-claim is built on the
evidence mentioned in the preceding paragraphs, in order to found a claim of
estoppel. He argued that DBS’s early attempts to have Viking sign the
corporate guarantee, coupled with their representations during the
August/September 2010 Meeting and the 6th January letter, was effectively a
representation to Mr Tong that they were in the midst of discharging and
transferring the Guarantee from him to Viking. While not strictly provided for
in the Guarantee itself, he contended that this supported a claim of estoppel.

24 Mr Tong brought up a number of preliminary claims to support this, and
among them, the contention that DBS sent “a Letter of Facilities and related
correspondence stipulating and/or requiring Viking to sign as a corporate
guarantor in accordance with Viking’s Transfer Obligation”.[note: 8] Mr Tan,
who was still involved as sole director of the then Viking-owned MAPL,
informed Mr Tong of these letters. This was denied by DBS.[note: 9] Presumably
if DBS’s appeal were dismissed, Mr Tong would ask for discovery of these
documents. I am of the view that in a situation such as this where it was Mr
Tong’s word against DBS’s, Mr Tong should be given the benefit of the doubt to
get discovery of these documents.

25 This was not the only evidence that Mr Tong relied upon. He also claimed
that the August/September 2010 Meeting included some discussion of the
procurement of the corporate Guarantee. DBS did not deny that this meeting
took place, although they denied that there had been a request for a sum of
$1,000,000 for expedition of this procurement. I note that Ms Tan, in her
reply affidavit on behalf of DBS denying the request for this sum, did not say
that the procuring Viking’s corporate guarantee was not mentioned at this
meeting. On my reading, the 6th January Letter did indicate that there must
have been some discussion, or at a least a mention, of the transfer of this
guarantee to Viking, as it stated that DBS was agreeable to such a transfer.
What was unclear from the evidence was the nature of the discussion. If this
discussion included mention of an express undertaking from DBS that it would
secure the corporate guarantee from Viking, this could have placed Mr Tong
under the impression that there was no need for strict compliance with the
terms of the Guarantee which required him to expressly assign the Guarantee to
Viking. Without knowing more about what transpired during the August/September
2010 meeting, or whether there was, indeed correspondence between DBS and
Viking which was referenced during this meeting, I was of the view that
summary judgment ought not to be given in favour of DBS.

26 DBS has strenuously objected to this contention, arguing that banks do not
owe a general duty to guarantors to secure the transfer of a Guarantee simply
because they knew that such transfer had been agreed upon. DBS made much of
the fact that the Agreement between Viking, Mr Tong, and Mr Tan for the sale
of their shares was not binding on DBS, and this is confirmed in Clause 24 of
the Agreement. This argument was admittedly persuasive, and even more so when
I considered that the Disclosure Memorandum was only signed on 30 July 2010,
11 days after the execution of the Agreement and a day after the letter was
sent from Mr Tan to DBS requesting DBS’s consent to a change in ownership of
MAPL. The latter document was intended to record the accounts of the parties
for disclosure purposes, and not to discharge any guarantees, as seen from
Clause 8.4 of the Agreement. However, Mr Tong’s argument is not that DBS was
bound by the Agreement, but that DBS took positive steps on strength of the
notice given under the Agreement and the letters sent by Mr Tong and Mr Tan,
to secure the corporate guarantee, and that DBS kept Mr Tong apprised of such
developments and actively gave the impression that Mr Tong need do nothing
further. Whether DBS was a third party to the Agreement was therefore a red
herring.

Conclusion

27 Following a comprehensive multi-jurisdictional review of case law in its
submissions, DBS admitted that a duty of care between a bank and a guarantor
may arise “where the creditor has taken _positive_ steps such that the law
imposes on the creditor a duty to act reasonably in taking these positive
steps as the interests of the surety might be affected” [emphasis in
original].[note: 10] Mr Tong contended that DBS, by indicating to him at the
August/September 2010 meeting that they were in the midst of discussions with
Viking to execute a corporate guarantee, and by in fact initiating
correspondence with Viking, did take such a positive step as to affect his
interests. In order for DBS to succeed in RA 351, it must show that this
alleged cause of action is certain to fail: _Gabriel Peter & Partners v Wee
Chong Jin_ [1998] 1 SLR 374 (“ _Gabriel Peter & Partners_”). For the reasons
given above (_supra_[24] to [26]), I find that DBS has not shown this in
relation to the issue of estoppel. Neither has it convincingly shown that Mr
Tong’s counter-claim disclosed no reasonable cause of action or defence (O 18
r 19(a) of the Rules of Court); is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious (O 18 r
19(b) of the Rules of Court); would prejudice or delay fair trial of the
action (O 18 r 19(c) of the Rules of Court); or is otherwise an abuse of the
process of the court (O 18 r 19(d) of the Rules of Court). While DBS is right
to point out that estoppel operates as a shield and not a sword, I note that
Mr Tong used the estoppel claim as part of his defence to DBS’s original suit,
and the fact that he does so by a counter-claim should not prejudice him by an
order to strike out what was essentially part and parcel of his defence to
Suit 406.

28 DBS claimed that no assurance was pleaded by Mr Tong.[note: 11] To the
contrary, the claims in Mr Tong’s affidavit[note: 12] and written
submissions[note: 13] that DBS had indicated that it would expedite the
procurement of the corporate guarantee were effectively claims that there was
an assurance given that DBS would take care of the transfer of the Guarantee
from Mr Tong to Viking. Whether this also amounts to an assurance that DBS
would waive its rights under the Guarantee is a matter to be decided at trial.
I note, in passing, that Mr Tong is on thin ice, as it is not at all clear
that the action that DBS had taken constituted such positive steps as to raise
a claim of estoppel, and there was clearly no express assurance that the
Guarantee would be discharged. I note, however, the observations in _Gabriel
Peter & Partners_ at [18]:

In general, it is only in plain and obvious cases that the power of striking
out should be invoked. This was the view taken by Lindley MR in _Hubbuck &
Sons v Wilkinson, Heywood and Clark_ [1899] 1 QB 86, at 91. It should not be
exercised by a minute and protracted examination of the documents and facts of
the case in order to see if the plaintiff really has a cause of action. The
practice of the courts has been that, where an application for striking out
involves a lengthy and serious argument the court should decline to proceed
with the argument unless, not only does it have doubts as to the soundness of
the pleading but, in addition, it is satisfied that striking out will obviate
the necessity for a trial or reduce the burden of preparing for a trail.

It is immaterial that Mr Tong has not made out his case at this stage, as this
can only be done with the benefit of discovery, further preparation, and
evidence adduced at trial. What is important is that Mr Tong is, in claiming
his right to have his day in court, acting _bona fide_ and not merely
attempting to “annoy or embarrass his opponent, or [conducting the case in a
manner] not calculated to lead to any practical result”: _Goh Koon Suan v Heng
Gek Kiau & Ors_ [1990] SLR 1251. DBS has not, in its affidavits or in its
written submissions, suggested or given any evidence that Mr Tong is acting
_mala fides_.

29 In relation to DBS’s application for summary judgment, I have already set
out above, all the facts and evidence that points to the strength of DBS’s
case and the paucity of any facts or evidence in Mr Tong’s favour. Mr Tong
however refers to that one meeting in August/September 2010 where he claims
certain assurances were given by DBS. In my view, he is entitled to his day in
court but should only be given conditional leave to defend. I accordingly
dismiss DBS’s appeal, RA 351, for an order for summary judgment and to strike
out Mr Tong’s defence and counter-claim.

30 I also agree with the decision of the learned Assistant Registrar and
dismissed RA 350. I have already said that I can find no evidence that DBS
gave an express assurance to Mr Tong that he would be discharged from the
Guarantee. I have also noted the dubiousness of Mr Tong’s leap of logic that
the mere fact that DBS told him they were expediting the procurement of
Viking’s corporate guarantee amounted to an implied assurance that he need do
no more to be discharged from the Guarantee. I accordingly find no basis for a
dismissal of DBS’s application in Summons 3764 altogether, nor a granting of
unconditional leave to defend. Unconditional leave would be unwarranted on the
facts and circumstances as they now stand before me at this interlocutory
stage.

* * *

[note: 1]Tong Guan Teck’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, p 12, [37].

[note: 2]Tan Soh Leng’s Affidavit of Reply, p 5, [16].

[note: 3]Tong Guan Teck’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, p 12, [37].

[note: 4]_Ibid._

[note: 5]Tan Soh Leng’s Affidavit of Reply, p 7, [22].

[note: 6]BA, p 354.

[note: 7]_Ibid._

[note: 8]Tong Guan Teck’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, p 12, [40].

[note: 9]Tan Soh Leng’s Affidavit of Reply, p 7, [22].

[note: 10]Plaintiff’s written submissions, 13 Feb 2012, p 41, [98].

[note: 11]_Ibid._ , p 61.

[note: 12]Tong Guan Teck’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, p 12, [40].

[note: 13]3rd Defendant’s written submissions, 14 Feb 2012, p 10, [32].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

