Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Teo E Shen _v_ Wakako Nakayama  
[2012] SGHC 68

Case Number| :| Divorce No 3492 of 2010 (RAS No 184 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sim Bock Eng, Chloe Mercy Lee Weiming and Loo Ee Lin
(WongPartnership LLP) for appellant/defendantGregory Fong (John Tay & Co) for
respondent/plaintiff  
Parties| :|  Teo E Shen — Wakako Nakayama  
  
29 March 2012|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal against my decision varying the maintenance order made
below. That was the sole issue here and below. The court below ordered the
plaintiff (“husband”) to pay lump sum maintenance of A$7,200 within a month
from the date of the order. The defendant (“wife”) appealed against that order
and after hearing submissions of counsel, I varied the lump sum payment to
A$72,000 on the basis of A$1,200 a month for five years. The wife had claimed
A$500,000 below whereas the husband made no offer on maintenance because he
claimed that the marriage was over within a year. He also claimed that she
gained from the marriage by his efforts in helping her get a permanent
residency status. He also claimed that she “sponged” off his parents.

2 The husband is a 35-year-old veterinary surgeon in Singapore. The wife is 42
years old and works as a Japanese translator in Australia. They met in
Australia, married in 2001 and divorced in 2010 in Singapore based on four
years separation. The husband claims that he earns about $6,000 to $7,000 a
month. The wife claims that she earns A$2,836 a month. When they married the
husband was a student and the wife had just completed her post-graduate course
in business management. During their marriage they lived in an apartment that
belonged to the husband’s parents. The couple were thus spared the expense of
finding their own home for which one or both would have had to contribute
financially.

3 The wife claimed lump sum maintenance of A$500,000. Counsel for the husband
submitted that this was a short childless marriage and that a low maintenance
should be awarded because he disputed the allegation that the wife supported
the couple when they first married, and further, that the husband does not
earn very much as a veterinary surgeon. In response to the wife’s assertion
that he seemed to have a lot of money to withdraw, his counsel explained on
his behalf that he made those withdrawals because he was “a frequent gambler
with Marina Bay Sands”.

4 The husband’s counsel had also submitted that the wife’s expenses of
A$3,326.60 were exaggerated and that A$1,887.60 was more reasonable.
Therefore, her salary should be able to cover her expenses with a surplus of
A$1,055. The trial judge assessed her expenses to be A$300 a week (or A$1,200
a month) but awarded only A$150 a week for a year as maintenance “to help her
move on in her life”. In my view, the evidence, though not very substantial,
inclined me to believe that a minimum sum of A$1,200 would be a fair monthly
amount and that a multiplier of five years would be a reasonable one given
that a clean break would be best in this case. I am of the view that the wife
probably contributed to the household expenses in the early years of the
marriage. The claims of the husband that the wife used his parents’ money,
lived in their apartment and gained permanent residency status through
marrying him also suggest that the marriage was not as short as the husband
wanted the court to believe. Taking into account the age and occupation of the
parties, and the advantage of early payment, the overall sum of A$72,000
seemed to me a fairer sum and I so ordered.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

