Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Novartis AG and another _v_ Ranbaxy (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd  
[2012] SGHC 253

Case Number| :| Suit No 150 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 December 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tony Yeo, D K Rozalynne PG Dato Asmali and Dora Tay (Drew
and Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Daniel Koh (Eldan Law LLP) (instructed) and
Andrew Quirk (foreign counsel from Mirandah Law LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Novartis AG and another — Ranbaxy (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd  
  
28 December 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J :

1 This is an application brought by the plaintiffs for leave to amend the
claims in Patent No SG120119 (“Patent”) pursuant to O 87A r 11(6) of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) and s 83 of the Patents Act (Cap 221,
2005 Rev Ed)(“the Act”).

Background Facts

2 The first plaintiff, Novartis AG, is the registered proprietor of the
Patent, and the second plaintiff is its exclusive licensee. The defendant,
Ranbaxy (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd, opposes the application made by the plaintiff.

3 The defendant, a pharmaceutical company, seeks to import for marketing in
Singapore products known as Starval Tablets, of various compositions, which
relate to the plaintiffs’ Patent. The defendant was obliged under s
12A(3)(_a_) of the Medicines Act (Cap 176, 1985 Rev Ed) (“Medicines Act”) to
serve its applications made to the Health Sciences Authority for product
licences on the first plaintiff. The purpose of the notices was to inform the
plaintiffs that the products which the defendant intended to import for
marketing in Singapore could potentially infringe the plaintiffs’ Patent, and
that the plaintiffs ought to commence the necessary action before the High
Court within 45 days to assert its rights under the Patent and to obtain the
necessary relief from the court, failing which the relevant product licences
would be granted to the defendant. Shortly after the receipt of the requisite
notice, the plaintiffs commenced this suit, asserting, _inter alia_ , that if
the licences sought were granted, and the defendant’s products were imported
and marketed in Singapore, the Patent will be infringed. Thus, the plaintiffs
seek declarations of infringement with respect to the Patent. The defendant
asserts, _inter alia_ , in its defence and counterclaim, that the Patent is
invalid because the invention it discloses has been anticipated by the prior
art. In particular, two pieces of prior art have been relied upon, and they
shall be referred to as DA1 and DA2 respectively for the purposes of this
judgment.

4 In response, the plaintiffs seek to amend the Patent claims to “enhance
clarity, to highlight the inventive contributions of the Patent and to reduce
the number of claims”[note: 1], as well as to “further distinguish the claims
in [the Patent] from the matter disclosed in the ... references ... cited by
the Defendant in its Defence and Counterclaim and Particulars of
Objections”.[note: 2]

5 In the application as filed in Singapore, it is stated in the Patent
specifications that the invention relates to:[note: 3]

... pharmaceutical preparations, which comprise an AT1 receptor antagonist or
an AT2 receptor modulator, respectively, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt
thereof, for the treatment of conditions or diseases associated with the
increase of AT1 receptors in the sub-epithelial area or increase of AT2
receptors in the epithelia.

It is also claimed that the invention may be used for the treatment of:[note:
4]

... obstructive airways diseases ... chronic obstructive pulmonary disease,
such as bronchitis, e.g. chronic bronchitis and emphysema, likewise from
asthma, cystic fibrosis, interstitial lung disease, invasive lung and invasive
breast cancer, pulmonary vascular disease, and increased resistance to airflow
during forced expiration, any such treatment may also be associated with the
treatment of hypertension as well as both non-smokers and smokers; for the
treatment of specific forms of lung conditions and diseases; for the treatment
of adults respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS); for reducing the proliferative
capacity of the epithelium invasive cancer, for the treatment of sepsis
syndrome, lung injury forms, such as pneumonia, aspiration of gastric content,
chest trauma, shock, burns, fat embolia, cardiopulmonary bypass, O2 toxicity,
haemorrhagic pancreatic, interstitial and bronchoalveolar inflammation,
proliferation of epithelial and interstitial cells, collagen accumulation, or
fibrosis.

6 The proposed amendments are marked up against the claims of the application
as filed, as follows[note: 5]:

1\. A compressed tablet comprising valsartan in free form _as the only active
agent_ ; and more than 30% of microcrystalline cellulose _and 2 to 10% of
crospovidone_ , _both_ by weight based on the total weight of the core
components of ~~said~~ _the compressed_~~form~~ _tablet_.

2\. ~~A~~ _The_ compressed tablet according to claim 1 comprising up to 65% of
microcrystalline cellulose.

~~3\. A compressed tablet according to claim 1 or 2 comprising less than 13%
of crospovidone.~~

~~4\. A compressed tablet comprising valsartan in free form and
microcrystalline cellulose wherein the weight ratio of valsartan to
microcrystalline cellulose is from 2.5 : 1 to 0.3 : 1.~~

~~5~~ _3._ ~~A~~ _The_ compressed tablet according to any one of claims 1 to
_~~4~~_ _2_ comprising 20 to 65% of valsartan.

~~6~~ _4._ ~~A~~ _The_ compressed tablet according to any one of claims 1 to
~~5~~ _3_ comprising 20 to 360 mg of valsartan.

~~7~~ _5._ A compressed tablet, comprising 20 to 65% of valsartan _in free
form as the only active agent_ , by weight based on the total weight of the
core components _of the compressed tablet_ , 31 to 65% of microcrystalline
cellulose by weight based on the total weight of the core components _of the
compressed tablet_ , 2 to _10_~~13~~ % of crospovidone by weight based on the
total weight of the core components _of the compressed tablet._

~~8\. Use of the solid oral dosage form according to any one of claims 1 to 8
in the manufacture of a medicament for the treatment of conditions or diseases
associated with the increase of AT1 receptors in the sub-epithelial area.~~

At the hearing, counsel for the parties agreed that the dispute really relates
to whether amendments to claims 1 and 5 are permissible, because the
amendments to the other claims as seen above are consequential to those
amendments. The following matters are also not disputed:

(a) valsartan is an active agent for which a separate patent subsists;

(b) microcrystalline cellulose is an exigent which, when used in a certain
dosage, improves the performance of valsartan as the active agent;

(c) crospovidone is a drug distegrant which will break up the drug inside the
human digestive system; and

(d) the Patent relates to how valsartan, a known active agent, is delivered to
and absorbed by the human body, and not the compound of valsartan.

The law on amendment of patent claims

Amendment shall not add matter to the patent application as filed

7 Before turning to the issues arising out of the present application, it is
necessary to first set out the legal principles which govern the amendment of
patent specifications. The plaintiff’s application is brought pursuant to s
83(1) of the Act, which provides that:

**Amendment of patent in infringement or revocation proceedings**

**83.** —(1) In any proceedings before the court or the Registrar in which the
validity of a patent is put in issue, the court or, as the case may be, the
Registrar may, subject to section 84, allow the proprietor of the patent to
amend the specification of the patent in such manner, and subject to such
terms as to the publication and advertisement of the proposed amendment and as
to costs, expenses or otherwise, as the court or Registrar thinks fit.

Thus, the court has discretion to grant leave to amend the specifications of a
patent. However, such discretion is subject to s 84(3) of the Act, which
provides that:

(3) No amendment of the specification of a patent shall be allowed under
section 38(1), 81 or 83 if it —

(_a_) results in the specification disclosing any additional matter; or

(_b_) extends the protection conferred by the patent.

For the purposes of the present application, only s 84(3)(_a_) is germane.

8 In determining whether the amendments to a patent’s specifications would
disclose additional matter, the applicable test is that which has been laid
down in the oft-cited case of _Bonzel (T) and anr v Intervention Limited and
anr (No 3)_ [1991] RPC 553 (“ _Bonzel_ ”) at p 574, as follows:

… The task of the Court is threefold:

(1) To ascertain through the eyes of the skilled addressee what is disclosed,
both explicitly and implicitly in the application.

(2) To do the same in respect of the patent as granted.

(3) To compare the two disclosures and decide whether any subject matter
relevant to the invention has been added whether by deletion or addition. The
comparison is _strict_ in the sense that subject matter will be added unless
such matter is _clearly and unambiguously disclosed in the application either
explicitly or implicitly_.

[emphasis added]

The test laid down in _Bonzel_ has been endorsed in three local cases, namely,
_FE Global Electronics Pte Ltd and others v Trek Technology (Singapore) Pte
Ltd and another appeal_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 874 at [24] (“ _FE Global_ ”), _Martek
Biosciences Corp v Cargill International Trading Pte Ltd_ [2011] 4 SLR 429 (“
_Martek_ ”) at [81] and _Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v DBS Bank Ltd_
[2012] 4 SLR 147 at [73] (“ _Main-Line_ ”). The _Bonzel_ test has been further
elaborated upon in a subsequent English case, _European Central Bank v
Document Security Systems Incorporated_ [2007] EWHC 600 at [97]–[102]:

97\. A number of points emerge from [the _Bonzel_] formulation which have a
particular bearing on the present case and merit a little elaboration. First,
it requires the court to construe both the _original application and
specification to determine what they disclose_. For this purpose the claims
form part of the disclosure ... though clearly not everything which falls
within the scope of the claims is necessarily disclosed.

98\. Second, it is the court which must carry out the exercise and it must do
so _through the eyes of the skilled addressee_. Such a person will approach
the documents with the benefit of the _common general knowledge._

99\. Third, the _two disclosures must be compared to see whether any subject
matter relevant to the invention has been added._ This comparison is a strict
one. Subject matter will be added unless it is clearly and unambiguously
disclosed in the application as filed.

100\. Fourth, it is appropriate to consider what has been disclosed both
expressly and implicitly. Thus the addition of a reference to that which the
skilled person would take for granted does not matter: _DSM NV's Patent_
[2001] R.P.C. 25 at [195]-[202]. On the other hand, it is to be emphasised
that this is not an obviousness test. A patentee is not permitted to add
matter by amendment which would have been obvious to the skilled person from
the application.

101\. Fifth, the issue is whether subject matter relevant to the invention has
been added. In case _G1/93, Advanced Semiconductor Products_ , the Enlarged
Board of Appeal of the EPO stated (at paragraph [9] of its reasons) that the
idea underlying Art. 123(2) is that that an applicant _should not be allowed
to improve his position by adding subject matter not disclosed in the
application as filed, which would give him an unwarranted advantage and could
be damaging to the legal security of third parties relying on the content of
the original application._ At paragraph [16] it explained that whether an
added feature which limits the scope of protection is contrary to Art 123(2)
must be determined from all the circumstances. _If it provides a technical
contribution to the subject matter of the claimed invention then it would give
an unwarranted advantage to the patentee. If, on the other hand, the feature
merely excludes protection for part of the subject matter of the claimed
invention as covered by the application as filed, the adding of such a feature
cannot reasonably be considered to give any unwarranted advantage to the
applicant._ Nor does it adversely affect the interests of third parties.

102\. Sixth, it is important to _avoid hindsight_. Care must be taken to
consider the disclosure of the application through the eyes of a skilled
person who has not seen the amended specification and consequently does not
know what he is looking for. This is particularly important where the subject
matter is said to be implicitly disclosed in the original specification.

[emphasis added]

Undue delay on the plaintiff’s part in applying for amendment

9 If the amended specifications do not result in the specifications disclosing
additional matter, the court has discretion to allow the amendment. In
exercising the court’s discretion, the court may consider various factors,
including whether there was undue delay in taking out an application for leave
to amend. In _Smith Kline & French Laboratories Limited v Evans Medical
Limited_ [1989] 1 FSR 561 (“ _Smith Kline_ ”) at 569 (endorsed in Singapore in
_FE Global_), the factors to be taken into account by a judge when exercising
the discretion to allow or disallow a proposed amendment of a patent were
outlined by Aldous J as follows:

(a) whether the patentee has disclosed all the relevant information with
regard to the amendments;

(b) whether the amendments are permitted in accordance with the statutory
requirements;

(c) whether the patentee delayed in seeking the amendments (and, if so,
whether there were reasonable grounds for such delay);

(d) whether the patentee had sought to obtain an unfair advantage from the
patent; and

(e) whether the conduct of the patentee discouraged the amendment of the
patent.

10 In determining whether the court ought to exercise its discretion against
the grant of leave to amend on ground of undue delay, it was held in _Matbro
Limited v Michigan (Great Britain) Limited and Another_ [1973] RPC 823 at 833,
lines 30-34 (“ _Matbro_ ”) that:

... mere delay is not, of itself, necessarily sufficient to justify refusal of
amendment. There must have been or be likely to be some detriment to the
respondents or to the general public caused by such delay before it can be an
effective bar to relief.

Thus, where there is undue delay on the part of the plaintiff in applying to
amend the patent specifications, the court may decide in the circumstances, to
exercise its discretion against the grant of leave to amend. It has been
accepted in the local case of _Trek Technology (Singapore) Pte Ltd v FE Global
Electronics Pte Ltd and others and other suits_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 389 at [76] –
[77], by Lai Kew Chai J, that a patentee ought to act expeditiously from the
time he discovers the relevant prior art. The patentee seeking leave to amend
must satisfy the court, based on the facts and circumstances, that the
patentee acted reasonably and without undue delay. It was held that mere
knowledge of some prior art did not mean that the plaintiff ought to amend its
patent, but was entitled to take the advice of patent agents on whether
amendment was necessary, and if so, the form of amendment required.

11 In exercising the court’s discretion, it is imperative to bear in mind the
Court of Appeal’s remarks on appeal in _FE Global_ (see above at [8]) at [31]:

We agree that the modern context in which patents are registered must be taken
into account when considering whether amendments should be allowed. The
present practice in Singapore is that skilled examiners examine and scrutinise
patent applications and if there is a negative patent examination report, it
is in the patent file at the Intellectual Property Office of Singapore and is
open for public inspection. Lai J was thus entitled to say at [67] of his
judgment that as examination reports are available for public inspection,
adverse parties are able to evaluate the validity and strength of patents
which have been filed and they are “less likely to be surprised (and
consequently prejudiced) by subsequent amendments which may be sought by the
patentee, even if this takes place in the course of patent litigation”. _As
there is little scope for abuse when patent applications for patents are filed
nowadays, we agree that a more lenient approach towards amendments is now
called for._

[emphasis added]

The issues raised

12 The issues raised in this application relate to the application of the
principles highlighted above at [7]–[11], and they are:

(a) whether the various amendments to the patent claims as set out above at
[6] add matter to the application as filed; and

(b) if the answer to the first issue is in the negative, whether there was
undue delay on the part of the plaintiff in taking out the present application
which justifies the refusal of leave to amend.

In addressing the first issue, it is necessary to first deal with the
preliminary issues which have been raised by both the plaintiffs and the
defendant, _viz_ , whether the plaintiffs’ expert, Professor Geoffrey David
Tovey (“Professor Tovey”) and defendant’s expert, Mr Morten Garberg (“Mr
Garberg”) are sufficiently qualified to give their opinions as experts.

Whether the amendments to the patent claims add matter to the application as
filed

Threshold issue: whether the experts are sufficiently qualified

13 It has been raised as a preliminary issue, that the defendant’s expert
witness, Mr Garberg, is insufficiently qualified, being a patent agent who has
a degree in chemistry but no practical experience in the formulation of
tablets. Furthermore, being aged 19 as at the priority date of the Patent, the
plaintiffs submitted that Mr Garberg would be ignorant of the prevailing
common general knowledge. I understand the objection taken to relate to Mr
Garberg’s ability to shed light on what a person skilled in the art would
understand from the disclosures made by the Patent, and his ability to testify
in relation to tablet formulation. The plaintiffs also submitted that due to
Mr Garberg’s limited practical knowledge, his evidence should either be
disregarded completely, or little weight ought to be attached to his
evidence.[note: 6]

14 It is trite that evidence may be tendered of expert opinion on matters
relating to “scientific, technical or other specialised knowledge” which is
likely to assist the court under s 47(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev
Ed) (“EA”), from experts who are persons with “scientific, technical or other
specialised knowledge based on training, study or experience” (see s 47(2) of
the EA).

15 In proceedings such as the present, the court may be assisted by expert
witnesses who may provide their opinions on the extent of disclosures made to
the notional addressee skilled in the art by the patent application as filed,
and the patent application as amended. Experts may also assist in informing
the court on the common general knowledge which persons skilled in the art
would possess as at the priority date of the patent. This is because it is
trite that in construing a patent, the court must bear in mind that the
notional addressee of a patent is a person skilled in the art. As explained by
Aldous LJ in _Lubrizol Corp and another v Esso Petroleum Co Ltd and others_
[1998] RPC 727 at 738, lines 25 to 31:

Patent specifications are intended to be read by persons skilled in the
relevant art, but their construction is for the Court. Thus the court must
adopt the mantle of the notional skilled addressee and determine, from the
language used, what the notional skilled addressee would understand to be the
ambit of the claim. To do that it is often necessary for the Court to be
informed as to the meaning of technical words and phrases and what was, at the
relevant time, the common general knowledge; the knowledge that the notional
skilled man would have.

According to Judith Prakash J in _Ng Kok Cheng v Chua Say Tiong_ [2001] 2
SLR(R) 326 (“ _Ng Kok Cheng_ ”) at [21], a person skilled in the art is by
definition someone who:

(a) possesses common general knowledge of the subject matter in question;

(b) has a practical interest in the subject matter of the patent or is likely
to act on the directions given in it; and

(c) whilst unimaginative is reasonably intelligent and wishes to make the
directions in the patent work.

“Common general knowledge” has been defined in _British Thomson-Houston
Company Ld v Stonebridge Electrical Company Ld_ (1916) 33 RPC 166 at 171 line
7 to mean:

the information which at the date of the Patent in question is common
knowledge in the art or science to which the alleged invention relates, so as
to be known to duly qualified persons engaged in that art or science …

16 In _Ng Kok Cheng_ , it was accepted by one of the witnesses, a patent
attorney, that he was not a person who has practical interest in the subject
matter, _viz_ , the design and making of locks, and therefore could not be
considered an expert who can assist in informing the court in relation to a
person skilled in the art. Further, in _ASM Assembly Automation Ltd v Aurigin
Technology Pte Ltd and others_ [2010] 1 SLR 1 (at [6]), it was held by the
High Court and accepted by one of the witnesses, that a patent lawyer from an
“American intellectual property firm that was responsible for prosecuting [the
plaintiff’s] United States Patent” could not be considered an expert and that
his views were “not relevant to issues pertaining to the views of a person
skilled in the art” of design and manufacture of solder ball placing
apparatuses. However, the above two cases should not be regarded as stating an
immutable rule that patent attorneys are in all cases, incapable of informing
the court in relation to the knowledge of a person skilled in the art. In
_Main-Line_ , Andrew Ang J accepted the evidence of the plaintiff’s expert, a
qualified patent attorney based in Dublin, Ireland, and has represented and
advised the plaintiff on matters relating to its patent since the priority
date of the patent. Andrew Ang J also accepted that the defendant’s expert, a
European and German patent attorney practising in Germany, with a
specialisation in intellectual property law, was sufficiently qualified to
testify as an expert witness. On the facts however, his evidence was regarded
as unhelpful due to his evasiveness on key issues.

17 In my view, patent attorneys with specialisations in relation to certain
types of inventions are capable of assisting the court in relation to the
disclosures made in patent specifications, on the construction of the ambit of
the claims, and on their experience concerning the relevant art, (see also _V-
Pile Technology (Luxembourg) SA and others v Peck Brothers Construction Pte
Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 981 and _Main-Line_). The usefulness of the patent
attorney’s evidence however depends on the nature of his experience in
relation to the relevant art and the nature of the issues raised. Thus, as the
defendant has rightly submitted, Mr Garberg’s lack of practical experience in
tablet formulation does not _per se_ mean that Mr Garberg is unable to assist
the court, since Mr Garberg can and does comment on matters which relate to
his expertise as a patent attorney who often acts for companies relating to
pharmaceutical patents in matters before the European Patent Office, and who
is capable of learning about the prevailing common general knowledge as at
1998 with some research and study in the course of his work relating to
patents for pharmaceutical products.[note: 7] I do not think that it is an
immutable rule or a necessary condition that a witness giving an opinion as
expert must always have practical experience in the field of the invention.
However, as can be seen from the ensuing discussion, due to the nature of the
issues raised, Mr Garberg’s evidence is at best of limited utility.

18 Interestingly, the defendant in turn alleged that the plaintiffs’ expert,
Professor Tovey’s evidence should also be disregarded as he has no practical
experience in relation to whether an amendment to patent would add matter, and
has never given expert evidence on a related issue before. The defendant
submitted that little weight should be attached to Professor Tovey’s evidence
as he is unfamiliar with matters relating to patent drafting. This objection
can be dismissed swiftly. First, as mentioned above at [15], the task of
assessing whether matter will be added by a patent amendment belongs to the
court, and that determination may be made with the assistance of experts.
Second, Professor Tovey, an expert who has spent more than 35 years working in
research and development on a wide range of dosage forms for new molecular
entities and product line extensions, is clearly a person skilled in the
relevant art, and is in a position to inform the court on what a notional
skilled addressee would understand to be the scope of the disclosure of the
patent application as originally filed, the scope of the claims in the amended
specifications, in the light of prevailing common general knowledge. It is not
necessary, in my view, for Professor Tovey to be familiar with the drafting of
patents.

Valsartan in free form

19 I turn now to the Patent claims proper. Valsartan in “free form” relates to
the existence of valsartan on its own as a compound, and not as a component of
a larger compound with another molecule in the form of a salt.[note: 8] In
relation to the amendment to claim 5 of the Patent to specify that valsartan
is to be free form, the plaintiffs submitted that it is clear from claims 1 to
4 that the invention claimed is expressly stated to relate to valsartan in
free form, and such clarity extends to claim 5, which is essentially only a
sub-set of claim 1.[note: 9] Furthermore, the application as filed contains
examples of the invention which specifies the possible compositions of the
product with specified weights of valsartan, _eg_ , 80mg. These compositions
would be meaningless if the specified weights given were of valsartan in salt
form because different types of salts formed with valsartan would contain
different amounts of valsartan in free form.[note: 10] As a consequence, a
person skilled in the art would find it difficult to follow the examples and
arrive at an effective product. Thus, a person skilled in the art would read
references to valsartan in the specifications in the application as filed, as
disclosing valsartan in free form.

20 The defendant referred to Dr Arvind Kumar Bansal’s (“Dr Bansal”) opinion in
his affidavit that the use in claim 5 of the word “comprising” in making
reference to valsartan discloses the teaching of the use of valsartan in the
form of a salt. I also understand the defendant’s argument to be that since it
was not clearly and unambiguously disclosed explicitly that valsartan had to
be in free form and could not take the form of a salt, to narrow the claims to
specify that valsartan is to be in free form would in and of itself add
matter.

21 However, the defendant’s argument ignored the fact that the teaching of the
use of valsartan in free form has been disclosed in the application as filed.
It is true that the specifications do make mention of the possibility of
valsartan taking the form of a salt, in the following paragraph[note: 11]:

WO 97/49394 (the content of which is incorporated herein by reference,
especially (but not limited to) the subject matter as claimed) discloses
compressed solid oral dosage forms e.g., by compaction of valsartan
(optionally in salt form) optionally combined with hydrochlorothiazide (HCTZ).
In WO 97/49394 the preferred range of cellulose is given as 10 to 30%, e.g.,
21%, for valsartan/HCTZ compositions and 5% Valsartan alone ...

However, from the quotation above, it is apparent that the teaching of
valsartan in free form is more than clearly disclosed, amongst the options of
valsartan in salt form and combined with hydrochlorothiazide. Furthermore, on
a plain reading of claims 1 to 4 in the application as filed, it is clear
beyond doubt that the teaching of valsartan in free form has been disclosed.
The defendant’s own experts did not appear to dispute that these disclosures
have been made clearly and unambiguously in claims 1 and 4.[note: 12] The
amendment of the claim 5 to specifically remove the possibility of valsartan
taking the form of a salt from the ambit of the patent restricts the scope of
the invention claimed. This cannot, in my view, amount to added matter,
without evidence that the narrowing of claim 5 in the manner sought by the
plaintiffs introduces new matter of inventive significance. As the defendant’s
own expert, Dr Bansal has stated, regardless of whether valsartan takes the
form of a salt or free form, the effective amount of valsartan is the only
material factor towards the performance of the invention disclosed in the
Patent specifications.[note: 13]

Valsartan in free form as the only active agent

22 The plaintiffs argued that the proposed amendments to disclose that
valsartan in free form is to be the _only_ active agent in claims 1 and 5 have
been clearly and unambiguously disclosed in the original specifications which
disclose the invention of tablets comprising valsartan as _the_ active agent,
save for one instance of mention of a substance known as hydrochlorothiazide
as a possible active agent. In all of the examples given in the specifications
(see for example, below at [29]), only valsartan featured as an active agent,
and specific weights of valsartan have been given in the examples, of
compositions of the invention, which cannot be meaningful unless references to
valsartan are understood as references to valsartan in free form as the only
active agent.

23 The defendant submitted that the specifications do not expressly disclose
the teaching that valsartan is to be included in free form as the _only_
active agent. In particular, claim 1 in the application as filed has disclosed
an invention of a compressed tablet _comprising_ valsartan and more than 30%
of microcrystalline cellulose. The defendant submitted that it is open to a
person skilled in the art would interpret the patent specifications, in light
of the common general knowledge as at the priority date of the patent, as
disclosing an invention _comprising_ valsartan as one of many possible active
agents. In support, the defendant adduced the evidence of its expert, Dr
Bansal, who has spent more than seven years doing research and development on
pharmaceutical products. Dr Bansal stated that a person skilled in the art
would regard the word “comprises” used in the claims in the application as
originally filed, as open-ended in nature, and therefore admitted the
possibility of the inclusion of other active agents. Particularly, Dr Bansal
pointed to p 23 of the specifications which claims a monopoly over[note: 14]:

The invention also provides the use of an AT1 receptor antagonist or an AT2
receptor modulator, respectively, _or a_ _pharmaceutically acceptable salt
thereof_ , for producinq a pharmaceutical preparation for the treatment of
conditions or diseases associated with the increase of AT1 receptors in the
sub-epithelial area of increase of AT2 receptors in the epithelia.

[emphasis added]

Dr Bansal stated that this paragraph is worded in general terms and admit the
possibility of various active agents. Mr Garberg and Dr Bansal both also
stated that references to “Valsartan drug substance” in examples 7 to 11 of
the patent specifications are vague enough to include valsartan in salt form.
I understand the defendant’s submission to be that the amendment would
introduce an inventive concept that is not expressly disclosed in the patent
application as filed, _viz_ , that valsartan in free form is to be the only
active agent, and not any other substance or salt.

24 The defendant also submitted that on the basis of Mr Garberg’s first
report[note: 15], the amendment seeks to “extract”:

... the feature that there are no other active agents than Valsartan present
from the examples, and then combining this with more general disclosure from
the description. The resulting amended claims are therefore “hybrids” between
(i) the specific disclosure of the examples and (ii) the general disclosure of
the original claims.

The defendant further relied on Mr Garberg’s second report[note: 16], where he
stated that he is “not of the opinion that specific examples can generally be
used as a basis to support patent claims at a higher level of generality”.

25 The question of whether matter would be added by the amendment is to be
answered by the court, having regard to what would be understood by a notional
address skilled in the art. The plaintiffs do not dispute that the patent
specifications do disclose that valsartan may be used in conjunction with
another substance, hydrochlorothiazide, as an active agent, as follows[note:
17]:

WO 97/49394 (the content of which is incorporated herein by reference,
especially (but not limited to) the subject matter as claimed) discloses
compressed solid oral dosage forms e.g., by compaction of valsartan
(optionally in salt form) optionally combined with hydrochlorothiazide (HCTZ).
In WO 97/49394 the preferred range of cellulose is given as 10 to 30%, e.g.,
21%, for valsartan/HCTZ compositions and 5% Valsartan alone ...

Parties are also not disputing that the word “comprises” connotes a non-
exhaustive list. What parties disagree upon is whether the narrowing of the
patent claims to expressly restrict the claim to only that of valsartan as the
only active agent adds matter to the claims, in the light of all the
disclosures made in the specifications in the application as filed. I am of
the view that the teaching of the use of valsartan as _the_ active agent,
quite apart from hydrochlorothiazide or any other substance, has been clearly
and umambiguously from plain reading of the specifications, including the
original claims 1 and 5 in the application as filed, and the examples of
preferred embodiments of the invention. It is undisputed that the examples
listed in the specifications of preferred compositions consisted of valsartan
in free form as the only active agent.[note: 18]

26 Even if the specification admits of the possibility of valsartan being used
in conjunction with other active ingredients, I am unable to see how an
amendment to limit the scope of the patent claims to claim a monopoly over an
invention consisting of valsartan as the only active agent would add matter,
as the plaintiffs are clearly restricting the scope of monopoly claimed. There
is nothing in the evidence which suggests that the use of only valsartan as an
active agent discloses anything new to a person skilled in the art. Thus, I am
unable to see how the restriction of claims to free form valsartan as the only
active agent adds anything to the disclosure which has already been made.

27 In an analogous case, _Martek_ , the court was concerned with an invention
of infant formula with a blend of two microbial oils. Prior to this invention,
infant formulae contained other types of microbial oils to deliver the desired
effects. An application was brought by the plaintiff to amend the patent
claims to claim a monopoly over infant formula with a blend of _only_ DHA and
ARA. This preferred embodiment of the infant formula invention could be found
in an example, which describes a composition of oil blend of DHA and ARA. Tay
Yong Kwang J held that the amendments would not add matter, because the
example had already disclosed an infant formula consisting of a blend of
_only_ DHA and ARA. Similarly, in the present case, the proposed amendments
relate to matter which has already been disclosed in the examples given of
preferred embodiments. In the premises, I find that no new matter has been
added.

2 to 10% of crospovidone

28 The proposed amendments to claims 1, 3 and 5 would have the effect of
limiting the disclosed proportion of crospovidone from 2-13% to 2-10%. The
plaintiffs argued that the composition of the invention comprising 2-10% of
crospovidone has been clearly and unambiguously disclosed in the patent
specifications for the following reasons. The patent specifications
specifically give the example of a tablet comprising 2 to 10% of cropovidone,
as follows[note: 19]:

In a further embodiment the solid oral dosage form of the invention comprises
less than 13% of crospovidone, e.g., 2 to 10%, by weight based on the total
weight of the core components of the solid oral dosage form.

29 Embodiments of the invention containing the proportion of crospovidone of 2
to10% have also been disclosed in the examples 7, 8, 9 and 11 in the
application as originally filed. The material portions of the examples with
which we are concerned as stated in the specifications are[note: 20]:

**Formulation Examples from the [Patent]**

NOTE: percentage figures are given first as % core mass (without coating) and
second as % total mass (including coating), i.e _._ , (% core/% whole)

Example |  Valsartan drug substance(mg) |  Micro-crystalline cellulose (mg) |  Crospovidone (mg) |  Colloidal anhydrous silica (mg) |  Magnesium stearate (mg)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
7(tablets) |  80.00 (51.61% core weight) |  54.00 (34.84%) |  15.00 (9.68%) |  1.50 (0.97%) |  3.00 + 1.50 (2.90%)  
8(tablets) |  160.00 (51.61% core weight) |  108.00 (34.84%) |  30.00 (9.68%) |  3.00 (0.97%) |  6.00 + 3.00 (2.90%)  
9(tablets) |  40.00 (51.61%/49.20%) |  27.00 (34.84%/33.21%) |  7.50 (9.68%/9.23%) |  0.75 (0.97%/0.92%) |  1.50 + 0.75 (2.90%/2.77%)  
11(tablets) |  320.00 (51.61%/50.31%) |  216.00 (34.84%/33.96%) |  60.00 (9.68%/9.43%) |  6.00 (0.97%/0.94%) |  12.00 + 6.00 (2.90%/2.83%)  
  
  

30 The defendant argued that various other portions of the specifications
contain contrary teachings in relation to the composition of crospovidone, and
thus the teaching of 2 to 10% crospovidone was not clearly and unambiguously
disclosed on the face of the application as filed. In particular, examples 1,
2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 given in the specifications are of embodiments which contain
more than 10% crospovidone. Hence, it would be unfair to allow the plaintiffs
to now select the particular examples which suit their purpose at this stage
of the proceedings.

31 Indeed, there are also portions of the specifications which differ in
relation to the proportion of crospovidone. The specifications also disclose
“the preferred range of [crospovidone] is given as 10 to 20%, _eg_ 13%.[note:
21] Proportions of crospovidone in excess of 10% have also been disclosed in
examples 1 to 3 and 10, and the claim as amended is not “representative” of
the plaintiffs’ invention.[note: 22] However, that is not the test which the
court has to apply. The test which the court has to apply is whether the
amendments would add matter to the disclosure which has already been made of
the invention which is the subject of the application as originally filed. At
no point did the defendant inform the court as to what exactly is the nature
of the added matter which would be added to the disclosure.

32 This amendment would lead to a narrowing, not expansion, of the scope of
the patent. The defendant relied on the case of _Merck & Co Inc’s Patents_
[2004] FSR 16 (“ _Merck_ ”), where it was held that while deletion of portions
of the patent claims have the effect of narrowing the scope of invention
claimed, such deletion can nevertheless add matter to a patent. Thus, in
_Merck_ , the patentee claimed a monopoly over a drug for the treatment of
urolithiasis and for inhibition of bone re-absorption, which contains 70mg
alendronate, to be taken by way of any number of doses. In an application to
amend, the plaintiffs sought leave to delete portions of the claim to clarify
that the 70mg dose was to be delivered in a single dosage, to avoid
anticipation by prior art which was to be administered in 10mg daily doses for
the treatment of osteoporosis and 40 mg for the treatment of Paget’s disease.
The consequence of that amendment was that the inventive significance of the
quantity in a single dose for the treatment of particular ailments was
disclosed by the amendments, and that constituted the addition of matter to
the patent application. In contrast, in the present case, the defendant has
not raised any evidence of the added inventive significance resulting from the
narrowing of the claim in relation to the percentage composition of
crospovidone, such as the better delivery of or absorption by the body of
valsartan. I am thus of the view that the narrowing of the scope of claim 5 as
well as the amendments to claims 1 and 3 in relation to the percentage of
crospovidone do not add any matter.

Whether the combination of teachings would add matter

33 The plaintiffs also argued that the exact combination of various teachings
disclosed in the amended claims, have been disclosed in various parts of the
specifications, _ie_ , the teachings of 20-65% valsartan with 31-65%
microcrystalline cellulose and 2-10% crospovidone, and also in various
examples, and thus no new matter is added.

34 The defendant submitted that the combination of various teachings disclosed
in various parts of the specifications, _eg_ , the teaching of the combination
of 20-65% valsartan with 31-65% microcrystalline cellulose and 2-10%
crospovidone, while disclosed in examples 7, 8, 9 and 11 of the
specifications, were not disclosed clearly and unambiguously in the
specifications of the patent application as filed, and thus, if the amendments
were allowed, matter would be added. The defendant argued that the amendments
to give added significance to this particular combination of components offend
the principle against intermediate generalisation, thereby constituting added
matter which could not be learned from the specifications of the Patent
application as filed. The defendant asserted that the plaintiffs may not “pick
and choose” from the specifications below to arrive at the present claims as
amended:

In a further aspect, the invention relates to a solid oral dosage form
comprising

20% to 65% of valsartan

31% to 65% of microcristalline cellulose

2 to 13% of crospovidone

A typical composition may comprise:

20% to 65% of valsartan

31% to 65% of microcristalline cellulose

2 to 10% of crospovidone

1 to 10% of magnesium slearate

0.5% to 5% of colloidal anhydrous silica

Intermediate Generalisation

35 The concept of intermediate generalisation has been recognised,
particularly in the recent years, in decisions delivered by the European
Patent Office and in certain decisions delivered by the English Courts (see
_Fosroc International Limited v W R Grace & Co-Conn_ [2010] EWHC 1702; _Vector
Corporation v Glatt Air Techniques Ltd_ [2007] EWCA Civ 805). The text of
Cornish, Llewelyn and Aplin, _Intellectual Property Patents, Copyright, Trade
Marks and Allied Rights_ (7th Ed, 2010, Sweet & Maxwell) (_Cornish_) at p 178
(4-32)-(4-33) provides a good explanation of the concept of intermediate
generalisation:

In many cases the aim of an amendment is to cut down the scope of what is
claimed, because a piece of prior art is discovered which makes the original
claim cover unjustifiably broad territory ... In a classic example, the
broadest claim originally related to a tool for crimping together electrical
wires and connectors, which had a ratchet and pawl device to prevent premature
release of the tool before crimping was complete. In order to side-step prior
art, the patentee was allowed to add to this a device that was mentioned in
the description incidentally as an additional feature – a stop designed to
prevent crimping from going too far. Within this general principle, it is
permissible to change a product claim to a claim to its use …

In the crimping tool case, if the stop device had not originally been
mentioned, to add it by amendment would in most circumstances be barred as
“extending” the matter disclosed. The same would probably apply if originally
a particular kind of stop was mentioned and the amendment sought to refer to
all kinds of stop. Again, suppose that stops were mentioned in general and the
amendment sought to refer to one particular kind of stop. It may be objected
that this is to give prominence to something not previously pointed up in the
description. If so the proposed amendment will be classed as an “intermediate
generalisation” and disallowed as a departure from the governing principle
that the patentee must disclose the essential features of his invention from
the application onwards. _The test overall is whether the skilled man would
learn from the amended specification anything about the invention which he
could not learn from the unamended specification._

[emphasis added]

36 The above quotation should not be understood as standing for the
proposition that it shall in all circumstances be impermissible to amend the
specifications of a patent to narrow the scope of the invention claimed to the
examples listed in the specifications as filed. The distinction between
acceptable narrowing of claims originally expressed as generalisations of
various examples and narrowing of claims which would add matter has been well
elucidated by Pumfrey J in _Palmaz’s European Patents (U.K.)_ [1999] RPC 47 at
71 lines 2 to 8:

If the specification discloses distinct sub-classes of the overall inventive
concept, then it should be possible to amend down to one or other of those
sub-classes, whether or not they are presented as inventively distinct in the
specification before amendment. The difficulty comes when it is sought to take
features which are only disclosed in a particular context and which are not
disclosed as having any inventive significance and introduce them into the
claim deprived of that context. This is a process sometimes called
“intermediate generalisation”.

Thus, the question ultimately, is whether the amendment which seeks to
disclose a specific feature disclosed in the specifications of a patent but
not the original claims would introduce a new inventive concept to which
inventive significance was never attached previously in the specifications.

37 The concept of “intermediate generalisation” is now firmly entrenched as
part of English law. In _LG Philips LCD v Tatung_ [2007] RPC 21, the English
Court of Appeal specifically rejected the argument that the principle of
intermediate generalisation was an unhelpful and illegitimate concept as it
was not to be found in the English Patents Act or the European Patent
Convention. It was held that the test laid down by the Enlarged Board of the
European Patent Office in this regard has merely developed the law by
superimposing policy over what had been perceived by the English courts as
purely a matter of principle.

38 However, the policy-oriented rules applicable in England by virtue of the
European Patent Convention should not be unthinkingly adopted in Singapore
without an examination of its compatibility with the local statutory regime.
The distinction between the statutory frameworks binding upon the European
Patent Office and the local courts have been recognised by Andrew Ang J in
_Main-Line_ at [50] – [52]:

50 Given that the statutory matrices and prevailing administrative practices
in Singapore clearly differ from those in Europe, the mere fact that the EPO
has come to a different conclusion from our Court of Appeal, certainly does
not mean that this court should regard itself to be free to depart from the
... Court of Appeal decision...

52 A few pertinent observations may be made on the English position... The
first observation is obvious, but nevertheless worth stating: not being party
to the European Patent Convention, our courts, unlike the English Courts, are
not bound to give consideration to EPO decisions. _At best, the reasons of the
EPO for coming to a particular conclusion may only be said to be of persuasive
value to our courts._

[emphasis added]

39 I am of the view that the principle of intermediate generalisation appears
to be subsumed under the test of added matter. This is because the question
which the test of intermediate generalisation seeks to answer is simply
whether a person skilled in the art would learn something new which has not
hitherto been disclosed in the patent specifications (see _Cornish_ , above at
[35]). In _Merck_ (see above at [32]), Andrew Morritt VC has succinctly stated
that the question is not whether an amendment would widen or restrict the
scope of the claim, and the “right question is whether the proposed amendment
would result in the specification disclosing additional matter” (at [48]).
This is precisely the test which the court has to apply under s 84(3) of the
Act.

Application to the facts

40 It is clear from the specifications in the application as filed, that the
original claim 5 has been disclosed, and the “typical composition” which is
disclosed, is the amended claim 5. I am of the view that the precise
combination of the three components as amended does not disclose new matter
which was not previously disclosed. I am unable to accept the defendant’s
argument that the skilled addressee would need to “mix and match” to generate
a “hybrid” which is not apparent from the patent specifications and therefore
does not clearly and unambiguously disclose the invention. All three
components have been disclosed in the specifications as part of the “typical
composition” of the plaintiffs’ invention. It is clear that the following
disclosure more than encompasses the present amended claims, which is a
narrower claim:

In a further aspect, the invention relates to a solid oral dosage form
comprising

20% to 65% of valsartan

31% to 65% of microcristalline cellulose

2 to 13% of crospovidone

41 The defendant made much of the fact that the “typical composition” as
disclosed in the specifications also comprises teachings of magnesium slearate
and colloidal anhydrous silica which have been omitted in the patent claims.
In my view, nothing turns on this. The plaintiffs are perfectly entitled to
leave out the last two components if they wish. I am unable to see any
inventive significance raised by this omission. The plaintiffs are perfectly
entitled to have a claim which is expressed more generally than the
specifications which contain details as to embodiments of the claimed
invention. As stated in _Terrell on the Law of Patents_ (17th Ed, 2011, Sweet
& Maxwell) at p 489 (15-22):

The claims of an application or specification themselves constitute a separate
disclosure, but they are not disclosures of the detail of how a product may be
constructed to achieve the aims of the invention, which is why not all
products within the ambit of a claim are disclosed. The fact that a claim in
the patent as granted would cover embodiments not disclosed in the
application, therefore, does not mean that there is added matter, since a
patentee need not limit his claim to all the details of his disclosure …

42 Furthermore, the components of magnesium slearate and colloidal anhydrous
silica do not have inventive significance to the notional addressee skilled in
the art. In any event, examples 7, 8, 9 and 11 clearly disclose the specific
composition which is the subject of the amended claim 5. I accept the evidence
of Professor Tovey, the plaintiffs’ expert who is experienced in the field of
tablet manufacture, that magnesium slearate and colloidal anhydrous silica are
non-essential as they relate to colour and film coating, which affect a
patient’s convenience and product elegance, and not the performance of the
invention.[note: 23]

43 Thus, I am of the view that none of the proposed amendments would add
matter which has not already been disclosed in the application as filed.

Whether there was undue delay in taking out the present application

44 Having decided that the proposed amendments to the Patent claims would not
add matter to the Patent specifications, I now turn to the issue of whether I
should exercise my discretion in favour of refusing leave to amend on the
ground that the plaintiffs had unduly delayed the taking out of this present
application. The defendant contended that the plaintiff could have taken out
this application much earlier:

(a) in 2006, when prior art DA2 was cited in opposition proceedings before the
European Patent Office in relation to the grant of the European patent for the
same invention; or

(b) in 2009, when prior art DA1 was cited in invalidation proceedings
concerning the European patent for the same invention which resulted in the
plaintiffs voluntarily amending their specifications filed with the European
Patent Office.

The defendant argued that the plaintiffs should have taken out this amendment
application upon seeing the prior art in 2009 which would necessitate an
amendment, instead of waiting until after the defendant served its notices on
the plaintiffs in 2011. The delay in taking out this application constituted
the taking of unfair advantage of the Patent, which justifies the court’s
refusal of leave to amend.

45 The plaintiffs contended that in 2006, they prevailed in the challenge on
the ground of anticipation by prior art DA2, and hence they correctly decided
not to amend. In relation to the second challenge in 2009, the plaintiffs
contended that between September 2009 and July 2011, they had proposed the
inclusion of disclaimers to overcome the objections of third parties, and that
the process of resolving the matter had been ongoing, even up until the point
when the defendant served its notices on the plaintiffs in Singapore in
January 2011. [note: 24] The plaintiffs also submitted that it would not be
reasonable to expect the plaintiffs to amend their specifications for patents
filed worldwide the moment prior art has been raised in one jurisdiction. The
plaintiffs had to ascertain that amendments were required and that proposed
amendments were viable before commencing action for amendments. That was the
reason why the plaintiffs decided to wait for the amendments to the
plaintiffs’ European patent in relation to the same invention to be granted
before proceeding in other jurisdictions. However, that plan was thwarted
because the plaintiffs had to put forward proposed amendments to the
Intellectual Property Office of Singapore as early as 5 August 2011 (before
the plaintiffs finally resolved the grant of the amendments to the European
patent on 19 August 2011), as triggered by the defendant’s activities in
filing for product licences. The plaintiffs were made aware that the prior art
DA1 and DA2 would be raised in Singapore only after the defendant filed its
defence in April 2011. Within a few months thereafter, _ie_ , on 5 August
2011, the plaintiffs gave the defendant notice of its intention to take out
the present application. Thus the plaintiffs argued that they were not guilty
of undue delay.

46 I am of the view that there was no undue delay or reprehensible conduct on
the part of the plaintiffs. I think it is not fair to state that the
plaintiffs were responsible for undue delay because they did nothing in
relation to the Singapore Patent after becoming aware of prior art DA1 as
early as 2006, given that the plaintiffs believed they would, and actually did
prevail in the opposition proceedings at the European Patent Office. As for
the plaintiffs’ awareness of prior art DA1 since as early as September 2009, I
am satisfied that the plaintiffs’ response thereafter is perfectly acceptable.
The fact that the European Patent Office proceedings raised prior art which
necessitated an application to amend the specifications of the European patent
in relation to the same invention did not necessarily mean that the plaintiffs
ought to immediately take out an application to amend in Singapore. It was
perfectly reasonable for the plaintiffs to endeavour to first prosecute the
amendment in Europe, and then take out an application in Singapore after
obtaining the ruling upon its amendment application, when the necessity arose.
In a turn of events, it turned out that the defendant’s notices served under
the Medicines Act accelerated the process by requiring the plaintiffs to amend
their claims arising out of the defendant’s counterclaim. I note that notice
was given of the plaintiffs’ intention to take out this present application
soon after the defendant pleaded DA1 as prior art which would have anticipated
the Patent.

47 For completeness, I should deal with the defendant’s argument that the
plaintiffs have taken advantage of the wider claims of the Patent, as the
plaintiffs’ have commenced infringement proceedings on wider claims than the
amended claims. However, I do not see how this is unfair in any way. As
mentioned above at [3], the notices served pursuant to s 12A(3) of the
Medicines Act required the plaintiffs to commence an action for the necessary
relief within 45 days after the service of notices by the defendant to avert
the grant of product licences to the defendant after the expiry of the 45-day
period. Thus, the plaintiffs cannot be expected to wait until after the grant
of leave to amend to commence an action for declaration of infringement. The
defendant’s objection that the plaintiffs’ application was made to avoid
invalidation in the light of the cited prior arts is neither here nor there,
because that in and of itself is not an objection which is sustainable on the
principles of law relating to amendment of patent specifications (see above at
[7]–[11]).

48 At the end of the day, it must be emphasised that a patentee must act
expeditiously in taking out an application to amend its patent claims upon
discovering relevant prior art. Any delay in taking out an application to
amend must be capable of explanation, and the patentee cannot persist in
refusing to amend its patent specifications in an unamended and suspect form
despite becoming aware of prior art. However, the court ought to bear in mind,
as stated by the English High Court in the case of _Matbro_ (at p 834 lines
5-16), that it is necessary to:

... draw a clear distinction between instances where a patentee knows of prior
art which he genuinely, and quite properly in the circumstances, thinks is
irrelevant, and other instances where, though he learns of or has been warned
of objections which are available against his patent as a result of prior art,
yet he takes no steps to put his specification right by way of amendment, or
still worse, knowingly persists in retaining it in the unamended and suspect
form. In the latter cases delay is culpable because potential defendants and
the general public are entitled to plan their activities on the assumption
that the patentee, though warned, has decided not to amend. If the patentee,
by his conduct, lulls the public into a false sense of security he cannot
thereafter be allowed to change his mind and ask for amendment, or at any rate
without adequate protection being granted to the public.

In my view, the present case does not fall within the latter category. In line
with the “lenient” approach (see above at [11]) towards the allowing of
amendments to patent specifications even during the course of proceedings, I
see no reason to refuse the amendments sought.

Conclusion

49 In the circumstances, prayer 1 of the plaintiffs’ application is granted in
terms. I order the parties to appear before the Registrar for directions in
relation to the amendment of pleadings. I will hear parties on the question of
costs.

* * *

[note: 1]the plaintiffs’ closing submissions filed on 25 July 2012, para 18

[note: 2]plaintiffs’ statement of reasons as referred to in the defendant’s
closing submissions filed on 7 September 2012 at para 11

[note: 3]specifications in Dr Richard Anthony Mabyn Ross’s affidavit dated 15
June 2012 at p 33

[note: 4]_Ibid_ at p 49

[note: 5]plaintiffs’ closing submissions annex A

[note: 6]para 61 of plaintiffs’ closing submissions

[note: 7]defendant’s written submissions at p 148

[note: 8]Garberg, NE, day 2 p 40 at lines 9 - 13

[note: 9]plaintiffs’ closing submissions at pp 32 – 33

[note: 10]plaintiffs’ closing submissions at pp 30 – 33

[note: 11]plaintiff’s closing submissions annex B

[note: 12]bundle of transcripts, day 2 p 40 line 31 to p 41 line 20, day 3 p 5
line 5 to p 6 line 3.

[note: 13]bundle of transcripts, day 3 p 24 line 28 to p 25 line 4.

[note: 14]Dr Richard Anthony Mabyn Ross’ affidavit dated 15 June 2012 at p 34

[note: 15]first report in Mr Garberg’s affidavit filed 15 June 2012 at p 31,
para 49

[note: 16]second report in Mr Garberg’s affidavit filed 11 July 2012 at p 5
para 10

[note: 17]Dr Richard Anthony Mabyn Ross’s affidavit dated 15 June 2012 at p 35

[note: 18]bundle of transcripts, day 2 p 46 lines 18 to 21 and day 3 p 8 lines
9 to 14

[note: 19]Dr Richard Anthony Mabyn Ross’s affidavit dated 15 June 2012 at p 35

[note: 20]plaintiff’s closing submissions filed 7 September 2012 at annex C

[note: 21]p 24 of the Patent specifications at annex B of plaintiffs’ closing
submissions

[note: 22]Mr Bansal’s affidavit filed on 11 July 2012 at para 19; see
defendant’s closing submissions at p 63

[note: 23]Professor Tovey’s second affidavit, filed on 11 July 2012, p 11 para
22.

[note: 24]affidavit of Denis Barbier filed 15 June 2012 at paras 37 – 50.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Dec 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

