Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Panweld Trading Pte Ltd _v_ Yong Kheng Leong and others (Loh Yong Lim,
third party)  
[2012] SGHC 57

Case Number| :| Suit No 107of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Foo Maw Shen, Daryl Ong and Wong Ping Siang (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Singa Retnam (Kertar & Co) and Nirmala
Ravindran (Low Yeap Toh & Goon) for the first to third defendants; Siva
Krishnasamy and James Selvaraj (Tan Lee & Partners) for the fourth defendant;
Burton Chen and Winston Yien (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the third party.  
Parties| :|  Panweld Trading Pte Ltd — Yong Kheng Leong and others (Loh Yong
Lim, third party)  
  
19 March 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This case arose from the alleged mismanagement of a company by a director
who was also its 20 percent shareholder. There were only two directors at the
material times, and the other director owns the balance 80 percent
shareholding. This case gives new meaning to the phrase “family-run business”.
It is alleged by both directors that each had placed their wives, daughter and
son and even a mistress on the company’s payroll even though none of them were
ever truthfully employees in the strict sense of the word.

2 So what brought about the disharmony which led to this action? In or around
March 2009, the minority shareholder informed the majority shareholder that
the company needed a bank loan to secure a performance bond for a potential
project as the funds of the company were running low and that the company’s
expenses had increased. This prompted the majority shareholder to look into
the company’s finances as he had always been under the distinct impression
that the company’s finances were healthy. Certified public accountants, BDO
LLP (“BDO”) were engaged to conduct a forensic examination of the accounts.
The investigations eventually exposed many alleged financial misdeeds by the
minority shareholder, including the fact that his wife was paid salaries for
17 years, even though she had never reported for work. When the minority
shareholder was confronted that his wife was a “ _phantom_ ” employee who has
been receiving salaries from the company without any proper basis, he retorted
by alleging that the majority shareholder had likewise placed his wife and
even his mistress on the payroll albeit over a shorter period.

3 As the salary payments were made over 17 years, not unexpectedly, limitation
of action became a key _legal_ issue in this dispute. In this regard, it is
common ground between the parties that if the minority shareholder/director is
found to be in breach of his fiduciary duties in causing the company to pay
salaries to the “ _phantom_ ” employee, the claim against him would not be
statute barred. However, it is contended by the minority shareholder’s wife
who received the salary payments that she would nonetheless be entitled to
invoke the limitation defence, notwithstanding that limitation may not be
available to her husband. This raises an interesting question of whether there
is any rational basis to justify the availability of the limitation defence to
an accessory in circumstances when the principal wrongdoer is unable to rely
on it.

The Parties

4 The plaintiff, Panweld Trading Pte Ltd (“Panweld”), is a local private
company and is in the business of manufacturing spray painting booths as well
as other repair and engineering works.

5 The 1st defendant, Yong Kheng Leong (“Mr Yong”), was appointed as a director
of Panweld on or around 15 May 1985 and remained so until his resignation on
21 May 2009. There is some dispute as to whether he was Panweld’s Managing
Director, which he denies[note: 1], but nothing really turns on his disputed
status as Managing Director. However, it is not disputed that Mr Yong was at
least its General Manager.[note: 2]

6 The 2nd defendant, Lim Ai Cheng (“Mdm Lim”), and the 3rd defendant, Yong
June Meng Gary, are the wife and son of Mr Yong respectively, while the 4th
defendant, Sanware Engineering Services (“Sanware”), was one of Panweld’s
suppliers of spare parts and machinery. All dealings between Sanware and
Panweld were conducted through Mr Yong.

7 The third party, Mr Loh Yong Lim (“Mr Loh”), was and still is a director of
Panweld and the majority shareholder, who owned 80 percent of the shares in
Panweld until December 2001, when he transferred 20 percent of his
shareholding to his son, Mr Loh Chiang Tien. Mr Loh’s son was also appointed a
director of Panweld in April 2002. The balance 20 percent was and still
remains held by Mr Yong. The Third Party claim was brought by Mr Yong against
Mr Loh on the basis that if he is found to be liable to Panweld for the salary
payments to Mdm Lim, he should be entitled to an indemnity/contribution from
Mr Loh because the payments were made with his knowledge and approval.[note:
3] The Third Party action would logically be a non-starter if I find that Mr
Loh was not aware and/or did not approve the salary payments to Mdm Lim. In my
view, the Third Party action was ill-advised because if Mr Loh had approved
the payments, Mr Yong would not be liable. On the other hand, if there was no
approval, there can be no recourse against Mr Loh for any indemnity. In either
event, there is no merit in the Third Party action.

8 In the course of the trial, the claim against the 3rd defendant for the
wrongful payment of a month’s salary was sensibly dropped as it only involves
a very small sum of money.

9 At the conclusion of the trial, the claim against Sanware was amicably
settled in circumstances which I will elaborate upon below.

The claims

10 When the trial started, Panweld pursued five independent heads of claim
against the various defendants. All heads of claim arose from the alleged
mismanagement of Panweld by Mr Yong. The largest claim relates to salaries
paid to Mdm Lim from 1992 to 2009 amounting to the total sum of $873,959.20.
Panweld claims that Mdm Lim was a “ _phantom_ ” employee and was therefore
wrongfully paid.

11 The other four claims comprise:

(a) the sum of $226,636 being rental paid by Panweld’s tenant, Sun Power
Engineering, which were wrongly credited to Mr Yong’s director’s account with
Panweld;

(b) the sum of $178,810.01 being unauthorised expenses claimed and paid to Mr
Yong;

(c) the sum of $35,238.68 being secret commissions purportedly paid by Mr Yong
to Panweld’s customers; and

(d) the sum of $95,261 being the amount which was refunded and received by Mr
Yong in respect of inflated invoices raised by Sanware on the instructions of
Mr Yong.

12 At the close of the trial on 9 February 2012, the parties reached a
settlement on the above four claims, without admission of liability, on the
following terms:

(a) Panweld shall retain the sum of $265,000 which was paid by Mr Yong to
Panweld _prior_ to the commencement of the action;

(b) Mr Yong withdraws his counterclaim in this action;

(c) Mr Yong relinquishes all his rights in respect of the balance sum standing
in his director’s account with Panweld;

(d) as a consequence of the above settlement, Sanware is released from all
further liabilities with no order as to costs against Sanware; and

(e) the costs in respect of the four claims shall follow the event of the
remaining claim for the salaries paid to Mdm Lim.

Salaries paid to Mdm Lim

13 This decision will therefore only deal with the remaining claim of the
salaries which were paid and received by Mdm Lim. It is not in dispute that
for 17 years, from 1992 to 2009, Mdm Lim was paid a total sum of $873,959.20
as a “marketing executive” of Panweld.[note: 4] Mdm Lim’s salary payments were
duly recorded in Panweld’s monthly payroll records. In addition, payments for
Mdm Lim’s Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) contributions were regularly made by
Panweld. Further, income tax returns (“IR8A”) were also prepared by Panweld’s
accountants, Mr Quek Siew Ping (“Mr Quek”) and his predecessor, the late Mr
Michael Loh, on behalf of Mdm Lim in respect of her salaries.

14 Panweld claims that Mdm Lim was a “ _phantom worker_ ” in the sense that
she was not an employee of Panweld as she had never reported for work at the
office, nor rendered any service to Panweld.[note: 5] Panweld claims that Mr
Yong had acted in breach of his fiduciary duty as a director of Panweld in
channelling funds belonging to Panweld in the guise of the salary payments to
Mdm Lim.[note: 6] Panweld also claims that, by reason of Mdm Lim’s knowing
receipt of the wrongful salary payments and/or dishonest assistance in Mr
Yong’s breach, she holds those sums on constructive trust for and on behalf of
Panweld.[note: 7]

15 Both Mr Yong and Mdm Lim deny liability on several grounds:

(a) Mdm Lim was employed as a marketing executive of Panweld with the
knowledge and approval of Mr Loh[note: 8];

(b) Mdm Lim had in fact rendered services to Panweld as a marketing
executive[note: 9]; and

(c) the bulk of Mdm Lim’s salary was in fact paid from Mr Yong’s salary
increments, car allowance and bonuses.[note: 10]

16 At the close of the trial on 9 February 2012, Counsel for Mr Yong and Mdm
Lim, Mr Singa Retnam (“Mr Retnam”) accepted that, in the event that the salary
payments are found to have been paid in breach of Mr Yong’s fiduciary duties,
the claims against Mr Yong would not be barred by the Limitation Act (Cap 163,
1996 Rev Ed) (“the Limitation Act”). This is certainly the correct position to
take, as will be elaborated upon later. However, Mr Retnam argued that even if
Mr Yong is found to have acted in breach of his fiduciary duties, Mdm Lim is
nonetheless entitled to avail herself of the defence of limitation under s 6
of the Limitation Act, _ie_ , even if Mdm Lim is found to be liable to account
as a constructive trustee, time had begun to run against Panweld from the
dates of each payment and, consequently, the bulk of the claim against her is
time barred, except for the last six years preceding the commencement of this
action from 2004 to 2009. In this connection, it is agreed by both parties
that if Mdm Lim is found not to fall within s 22(1) of the Limitation Act, the
recoverable amount would be restricted to $338,410 instead of $873,959.20.

The evolving defences raised by Mr Yong and Mdm Lim

17 It is perhaps apposite to commence this inquiry by first examining the
pleaded defence of Mr Yong and Mdm Lim and to see how it has evolved over
time. It is pertinent to highlight that the defence, which was jointly filed
by Mr Yong and Mdm Lim, underwent several changes. When the defence was first
filed on 11 March 2010, Mr Yong claimed that Mr Loh had placed his wife (“Mrs
Loh”) and mistress (“Sook Min”) on the payroll in March 1995, even though
neither of them were employees of Panweld in any meaningful way.[note: 11]
When Mr Yong expressed concern over the employment of Mrs Loh and Sook Min, Mr
Loh suggested that Mdm Lim be included in the payroll as well in 1995.[note:
12] Therefore the essence of the original defence was that Mdm Lim was
included in Panweld’s payroll _at the suggestion_ of Mr Loh, in reaction to Mr
Yong’s concern over the employment status of Mrs Loh and Sook Min. I shall
refer to this as the “reaction theory”. For ease of reference, I shall refer
to Mdm Lim, Mrs Loh and Sook Min as “the three wives” collectively. Implicit
in this defence is that all three wives were placed on the payroll even though
they were not required to render any service to Panweld.

18 However, this defence morphed when it was amended on 13 April 2011. Mr Yong
claimed that Mdm Lim was _genuinely_ employed on a temporary basis to assist
him in Panweld from 1992 to 1994, and thereafter, from 1995 on a full-time
basis.[note: 13] It is apparent that by this amendment, Mr Yong had
effectively abandoned the original “reaction theory” given that he accepts
that Mdm Lim was placed on the payroll albeit on a “temporary basis” from
1992, well _before_ Mrs Loh and Sook Min in 1995. It did not escape my
attention that the defence was amended some time _after_ Panweld’s Reply
denying the alleged agreement and highlighting the fact that Mrs Loh and Sook
Min were only placed on the payroll long _after_ Mdm Lim had started receiving
salary payments.[note: 14]

19 The defence underwent a further change on 26 May 2011. For the first time,
Mr Yong alleged that the employment of Mrs Loh and Sook Min was to reduce
taxes payable by Panweld.[note: 15] Mr Yong now claims that Mdm Lim’s part-
time salary from 1992 to 1994 was paid from Mr Yong’s bonuses and unused
annual leave pay and that her full-time salary comprised of three components,
one being her fixed salary of $1,125, the second being the transfer of Mr
Yong’s car allowance of $1,000 and the balance from Mr Yong’s annual
increments and/or bonuses.[note: 16] Mr Yong alleged that Mdm Lim’s fixed
salary component of $1,125 was derived from 25 percent of the collective
salaries of Mrs Loh and Sook Min. The underlying rationale for the fixed
component of $1,125 was that based on Mr Yong’s 20 percent shareholding in
Panweld, Mdm Lim should therefore be paid 20 percent of the salaries paid to
Mr Loh’s wife and mistress (20 percent of Mr Loh’s 80 percent).

20 It is therefore apparent that Mr Yong’s and Mdm Lim’s defence to a rather
straightforward claim had undergone several inexplicable amendments. The
pleaded defence, even in its final form, is confusing and bizarre:

(a) It claims that Mdm Lim was employed on a _part-time_ basis from 1992 to
1994 with the approval of Mr Loh but her salary was in fact paid from Mr
Yong’s bonuses. In other words, she worked for _free_ as far as Panweld was
concerned in that the financial burden of Mdm Lim’s salary was borne by Mr
Yong and not by Panweld.

(b) More than a year later, the defence was amended to claim that Mdm Lim’s
salary was made up of three components, a point which was not previously
raised. Apart from the fixed component of $1,125, the balance was in fact paid
from Mr Yong’s car allowance and bonuses. In other words, he continued to bear
the bulk of the financial burden in employing Mdm Lim _full-time_ for Panweld.

(c) The convoluted components to make up Mdm Lim’s elaborate salary structure
do not lend credence to her employment status as an ordinary “marketing
executive”.

21 In all the different versions of the defence, the common denominator is
that the employment of Mdm Lim was with the express approval of Mr Loh. This
is the principal _factual_ issue before me. This was flatly denied by Mr
Loh.[note: 17] Before examining the evidence as to whether Mr Loh had in fact
approved Mdm Lim’s employment, it is important to explain the relevance of Mr
Loh’s approval in the context of Mdm Lim’s employment. It is necessary to
first state at the outset that there is no requirement in law that the
employment of an employee such as a marketing executive must be approved by
the board of directors or by all the shareholders. This is a matter typically
decided by the person or persons vested with the management of the company,
such as a managing director or general manager. It was admitted by Mr Loh in
his Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“AEIC”) that Mr Yong was “in charge of and
made all key decisions and exercised full authority and control over the
hiring of [Panweld’s] employees”.[note: 18]

22 Whether Mr Yong had acted in breach of his fiduciary duties would depend on
the court’s determination of whether Mdm Lim was paid a salary, even though
she neither reported for work nor performed any service for Panweld over the
extended period when she was on the payroll. If I find that Mdm Lim was not an
employee of Panweld in any meaningful sense of the word, it would follow that
Mr Yong would have acted in breach of his fiduciary duties in causing Panweld
to pay Mdm Lim’s salary for 17 years. On the other hand, if I find that Mdm
Lim had in fact provided services to Panweld as a “marketing executive”, the
absence of Mr Loh’s approval, even if proved, becomes moot. However, if I find
otherwise, then Mr Loh’s approval would be relevant to establish that the
salary payments to Mdm Lim were regularly made by Panweld with the approval of
all shareholders (comprising Mr Yong and Mr Loh), even though she may not in
truth be an employee, or that the breach by Mr Yong had been waived or “barred
by acquiescence” as pleaded.[note: 19]

Was Mdm Lim really an employee

23 It must be borne in mind that it is the current pleaded defence that Mdm
Lim had _in fact_ performed services as a “marketing executive” to Panweld. It
has not been suggested that she was entitled to receive the remuneration
_solely_ because she was listed as an employee on Panweld’s payroll. This
defence in itself contradicts the original defence that all three wives were
to be paid even though they were not really employees.

24 In her AEIC, Mdm Lim describes her work in Panweld as conducting surveys
and market research of the prices of goods sold by competitors, sourcing for
new products and performing duties as Mr Yong’s personal assistant including
typing and filing.[note: 20] Mdm Lim also claims that she had accompanied Mr
Yong to meet Panweld’s customers both during and after office hours.[note: 21]
Her evidence as to the nature and scope of her work in Panweld was very
general and when probed for supporting documents such as survey reports,
brochures and catalogues for the new products to establish her alleged nature
of work, she was unable to produce any.[note: 22] When asked what new products
she had introduced to Panweld, Mdm Lim initially referred to spray painting
equipment.[note: 23] However, when she was reminded that spray painting
equipment was already an _existing_ business, she had to concede that she did
not introduce any _new_ product to Panweld.[note: 24]

25 Two employees of Panweld, Mr Quek and Ms Choong Shu Fong (“Ms Choong”),
testified that they had never seen Mdm Lim in Panweld’s office.[note: 25]
Given that Mr Quek and Ms Choong had been working in Panweld since the early
1990s, the likelihood of them not seeing her working in the office throughout
her alleged 17 years of service in Panweld was highly improbable if she had in
fact worked in the office. When Mdm Lim was cross-examined on whether anyone
in Panweld had ever seen her doing typing and filing work, she accepted that
no one had seen her in Panweld’s office as she was always “ _locked in [Mr
Yong’s] office_ ”.[note: 26] Mdm Lim added that she had regularly visited
Panweld’s office on Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays and she further
claimed rather incredulously that when she visited the office during working
days, none of the staff ever saw her in the office for 17 years although she
claimed to have seen the staff members from inside the locked office of Mr
Yong.[note: 27] In re-examination, when Mdm Lim was asked to identify a staff
of Panweld whom she had met on Panweld premises, she could only name one Mr
Sunny Ong of Sun Power Engineering who happened to be a tenant and not an
employee of Panweld.[note: 28] He apparently met Mdm Lim at Panweld’s premises
on a weekend in the context of inviting Mdm Lim to his daughter’s
wedding.[note: 29] This could hardly constitute evidence that she was
“working” in Panweld’s office on weekends, as she alleged. It was only when
she was reminded that Mr Sunny Ong was not a staff of Panweld when she said
she also recalled meeting Ms Choong, Mr Loh and one Alice in the office.[note:
30] Mdm Lim was unable to call any _independent_ witness to corroborate her
employment status in Panweld even though she claims to have worked in Panweld
for 17 years.

26 When she was asked in re-examination to name some of Panweld’s competitors
in relation to her evidence that her job scope involved market research of the
prices of goods sold by Panweld’s competitors, she rattled off a few names
without explaining their relevance.[note: 31] Astonishingly, she identified
Singapore Airlines as one of Panweld’s competitors.[note: 32] It seems to me
that she was merely repeating names, which she had memorised without
understanding their significance. I found her testimony about her alleged
employment status and the nature of her alleged work to be entirely
unsatisfactory and wholly unreliable. It should not be overlooked that Mr Yong
claims that his wife was hired in 1992 because he had difficulty finding
suitable secretarial assistance.[note: 33] If this was so, then there can be
no conceivable or acceptable explanation for such a peculiar working
arrangement.

Mdm Lim’s salary structure

27 The fact that Mdm Lim could not have been a legitimate employee becomes
even clearer when Mr Yong’s and Mdm Lim’s evidence on the determination of her
salary is carefully scrutinised.

28 Mdm Lim claims to have commenced her part-time work in 1992.[note: 34] It
is perhaps helpful to begin this analysis by reviewing the circumstances of
Mdm Lim’s first “ _pay cheque_ ”. Her salary payment for 1992 can be traced to
a handwritten document dated 13 May 1992 wherein Mr Yong gratuitously declared
for himself leave pay of $20,000, of which $15,000 was to be paid to Mdm Lim
for her monthly salary of $3,000 from April to June, and sales commission
ranging from $1,000 to $2,000 for the same period.[note: 35] This payment of
$15,000 to Mdm Lim was in fact reflected in the May 1992 payroll record. Given
that Mr Yong’s monthly salary at that time was only $4,500, leave pay of
$20,000 would have been equivalent to about 4.5 months of leave. There is no
evidence before the court that he had accumulated or was entitled to such a
generous leave when he declared the leave pay for himself. It is also
extremely odd for a part-time employee to be paid in a lump sum for three
months’ work in arrears. Further, there is no material to suggest that Mdm Lim
had done any sales to justify any commission payments. Such an unusual pay
arrangement leads me to the irresistible conclusion that she could not have
been a _bona fide_ employee of Panweld.

29 As stated earlier in [20] above, Mdm Lim claims that her part-time salary
was in fact paid by Mr Yong from his unused leave and bonuses. From 1995 to
2009, she was paid on a full-time basis and her salary curiously changed to
incorporate three components, one being the fixed component of $1,125 and the
balance being transferred from Mr Yong’s bonuses and his alleged car allowance
of $1,000.[note: 36] I shall refer to this as the “transfer salary” theory.
The immediate observation I make about this rather bizarre salary arrangement
is that if Mdm Lim was in fact performing proper services as an employee of
Panweld, there could be no legitimate reason why part or all of her part-time
salary should be funded by her husband, Mr Yong, instead of Panweld. In
addition, it would be a misnomer to describe her “employment history” as
_part-time_ from 1992 to 1995 and thereafter _full-time_ from 1995 to 2009,
given that she was never seen in the office by any staff member of Panweld
throughout the 17 years. In my view, this is a wholly contrived explanation in
a hopeless attempt to disguise the fact that Mdm Lim was never truthfully an
employee of Panweld. In her AEIC, Mdm Lim made her case even more unconvincing
by alleging that her “salary was being paid from [Mr Yong’s] salary and there
was no loss to [Panweld]”[note: 37]. In cross-examination, she clarified that
she meant to say that her entire salary over the years was paid from Mr Yong’s
bonuses and unused leave.[note: 38] She was in effect saying that she was
employed by Mr Yong at his own expense. Such an arrangement runs entirely
contrary to her alleged _bona fide_ employment by Panweld.

30 One of the building blocks of the “transfer salary” theory is that Mr Yong
was entitled to a monthly car allowance of $1,000 which he had unselfishly
transferred to Mdm Lim to make up for her “ _low pay_ ”.[note: 39] However, in
his own AEIC, he claimed, in the context of justifying his car related
expenses, that he did not receive any car allowance.[note: 40] Mr Yong’s
alleged car allowance was also never stated in any of the payroll records of
Panweld. Further, the “transfer salary” theory is at best a _zero sum game_.
If it was transferred from Mr Yong to Mdm Lim, such transfer should be
evidenced by a corresponding decrease in his remuneration. According to Mr
Yong, this “transfer salary” started in 1995. However, both the payroll and
CPF contributions records for Mr Yong’s 1995 income do not show any
corresponding decrease of $1,000 from his monthly salary.[note: 41]

31 Mr Yong had to concede that the payroll records of Panweld also do not
reflect his car allowance entitlement.[note: 42] When challenged in cross-
examination, Mr Yong changed his evidence and claimed that the $1,000 was paid
for his “productivity bonus” instead of car allowance.[note: 43]

32 As explained in [19] above, the fixed component of $1,125 was allegedly
based on 25 percent of the combined salaries of Mrs Loh and Sook Min. Mrs Loh
was paid $2,500 while Sook Min was paid $2,000. If this was the arrangement,
it would have been implemented from day one, and not three years after the
commencement of Mdm Lim’s alleged part-time employment. This could not have
been the arrangement from inception simply because the commencement dates for
their respective employment were different. That was precisely the reason why
Mr Yong and/or Mdm Lim had to concoct this fallacious wage computation
(introduced by way of a further amendment to the defence) to fit in with Mdm
Lim’s actual salary payments over the years. Further, as rightly pointed out
by Counsel for Panweld, Mr Foo Maw Shen (“Mr Foo”), the conduct of Mr Yong and
Mdm Lim belies any such agreement because Mdm Lim continued to receive this
fixed component up to the time she stopped receiving salary in 2009, even
though Sook Min and Mrs Loh had ceased receiving salaries from Panweld since
1999 and 2003 respectively.[note: 44] If there was indeed such an agreement to
benchmark Mdm Lim’s salary, the fixed component, being 25 percent of the
combined salaries of Mrs Loh and Sook Min, would have commensurately
decreased. But this did not happen. There is some dispute over whether Mrs Loh
continued to receive her salary after 2003.[note: 45] This will be dealt with
below, but even if this is correct, it still does not add up because there is
no dispute that Sook Min had ceased receiving any salary after 1999.

33 Mr Foo further submitted that there is no truth that Mdm Lim’s balance
salary was funded from Mr Yong’s bonuses. He drew the court’s attention to the
fact that according to the IR8A forms submitted by Mr Yong and Mdm Lim, both
of them were paid not insignificant bonuses for the years 1995, 1996, 1997,
2000, 2001, 2006 and 2008.[note: 46] Specifically, Mr Foo cross-examined Mr
Yong on the minutes of the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of Panweld for 2007
and 2008 in which the total remuneration of Mr Yong was declared.[note: 47] Mr
Yong could not provide any reasonable explanation as to why his declared
incomes for income tax purposes for 2007 and 2008 were higher than the amounts
approved at the AGM other than to allege that the AGM minutes were not
accurate.[note: 48] He, however, conceded that he could not produce any
evidence to show that he was in fact entitled to receive more remuneration
than that stipulated in the AGM minutes.[note: 49] If so, how could there have
been any transfer? He was already paid more than his entitlement.

34 In his AEIC, Mr Loh stated that in contrast to his constant base salary of
$2,000 from 1996 to 2009, Mr Yong’s salary increased from $6,700 (as of 1998)
to $9,500 (as of 2008).[note: 50] Mr Retnam relied on Mr Loh’s AEIC to support
the transfer salary theory since Mr Yong only received $7,000 in 2009.
Consequently, he argued, the difference of $2,500 must have been transferred
to Mdm Lim as part of her salary.[note: 51] It was not clear to me how Mr Loh
derived Mr Yong’s 2008 monthly salary as $9,500. It was unfortunate that it
was not put to Mr Loh that the balance $2,500 would therefore have been
transferred to Mdm Lim. In any event, Mr Yong’s salary at $9,500 does not gel
with the 2007 and 2008 AGM minutes, which approved Mr Yong’s annual salary as
$82,816 and $89,074 respectively. If, in fact, Mr Yong’s monthly salary was
$9,500 as at 2008, his annual salary would be at least $114,000. The evidence
does not support such a sum.

35 In the premises, I find that there is no truth whatsoever in any transfer
of Mr Yong’s bonuses, salary increments or car allowance to make up Mdm Lim’s
monthly salary payments. In fact, the evidence is to the contrary. This
finding is in addition to the inherent absurdity of the transfer salary
theory.

Breach of fiduciary duties, knowing receipt and dishonest assistance

36 It was accepted that Mr Yong owed, _inter alia_ , the following duties to
Panweld:

(a)

a duty to act in the best interest of the company; and

(b)

a duty to use his powers for a proper purpose.

37 Given my finding that Mdm Lim was paid salaries over 17 years even though
she was never _in truth_ an employee of Panweld, it cannot seriously be
disputed that Mr Yong, in causing the salaries to be paid to her under these
circumstances, had acted in breach of his fiduciary duties to Panweld.

38 It follows from my primary finding that Mdm Lim could not have had any
expectation to receive the monthly salaries from Panweld over the 17 years.
The payments were made to her bank account. She would have known that she was
not a legitimate employee of Panweld and that the only reason she has been
receiving the salaries was because her husband, Mr Yong, had wrongfully caused
Panweld to make the payments to her without any proper basis. On this basis, I
find that liability based on knowing receipt has been made out, since there
was (a) a disposal of Panweld’s assets in breach of Mr Yong’s fiduciary duty;
(b) beneficial receipt by Mdm Lim of assets which are traceable as
representing Panweld’s assets; and (c) knowledge on Mdm Lim’s part that the
assets she received are traceable to a breach of fiduciary duty. See _George
Raymond Zage III and anor v Ho Chi Kwong and anor_ [2010] SGCA 4; [2010] 2 SLR
589 (“ _George Raymond Zage III_ ”) at [23].

39 Panweld also argued that Mdm Lim facilitated Mr Yong’s breach of duty by
acting as a convenient conduit through which Mr Yong could siphon money out of
Panweld with impunity.[note: 52] Based on my findings, the claim based on
dishonest assistance has also been made out given that (a) Mr Yong, as
Panweld’s director, was trustee _vis-a-vis_ Panweld’s assets; (b) Mr Yong
breached such trust when he misapplied monies belonging to Panweld; (c) Mdm
Lim facilitated Mr Yong’s breach by allowing her bank account to be used for
such purposes; and (d) dishonesty on Mdm Lim’s part in that she knew full well
that she was not entitled to the salaries paid to her over 17 years. See
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , Vol  _9(2)_ (LexisNexis, 2003) (“
_Halsbury’s_ _Vol 9(2)_ ”) at [110.588] and _George Raymond Zage III_ at [20].

Approval by Mr Loh

40 As I have explained in [22] above, the question of Mr Loh’s approval
becomes relevant for consideration if I find, as I have, that Mr Yong had
breached his fiduciary duties in causing Mdm Lim to be paid salaries over 17
years, even though she did not perform any meaningful service as an employee
of Panweld. At the material time (the relevant date being 1992 or 1995 when
the alleged agreement was reached), there were only two shareholders and two
directors of Panweld, _ie_ , Mr Loh (80 percent) and Mr Yong (20 percent). Mr
Loh’s approval _in his capacity as shareholder_ of Panweld is relevant on two
fronts:

(a)

shareholders may by resolution _prospectively_ release Mr Yong from his
fiduciary duty; and/or

(b)

shareholders may by resolution _retrospectively exonerate_ Mr Yong from the
consequences of his breach of duty.

(a) See _Halsbury’s Singapore_ ,_Vol 6 (2010 Reissue) (“Halsbury’s_ _Vol 6”)_
at [70.275].

41 In this regard, it is not disputed that no shareholders’ resolution was
ever passed to approve the salary payments to Mdm Lim. However, the lack of
such a resolution would not be fatal if all the shareholders, _ie_ , Mr Yong
and Mr Loh, had in fact assented to a particular course of action which a
general meeting of Panweld could have carried into effect. In such a case, the
assent is as binding as a resolution of the shareholders would be. See
_Halsbury’s_ _Vol 6_ at [70.203], _Jimat bin Awang and ors v Lai Wee Ngen_
[1995] 3 SLR(R) 496; [1995] SGCA 77 at [30] and _In re Duomatic Ltd_ [1969] 2
Ch 365 (“ _Duomatic_ ”). This principle applies even if assent was given by
different parties at different times. See _Tayplan Limited (in Administration)
v Alan Smith and Lee Smith (also known as Lee Stow Smith)_ [2011] CSIH 8 (“
_Tayplan_ ”) at [28].

42 The _Duomatic_ principle was recently applied in _Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd
v Lim Eng Hock Peter and ors_ [2010] SGHC 163 (“ _RTC_ ”) in connection with
the approval of the company in respect of personal expenses of the directors’
relatives. Chan J made certain salient observations (_RTC_ at [182]–[187]):

To the extent that these expenses are not reasonably incidental to the
business of RTC, the [directors] can be said to have acted in breach of their
duty...However, I find that the [directors], acting in their capacity as
shareholders of the company and collectively embodying the interests of the
company, had authorised and ratified the charging of these expenses to the
company via the private accounts. Even if there was no proper written
shareholders’ resolution on the ratification or authorisation of such
expenses, if all the shareholders with the right to attend and vote at a
general meeting had assented to this matter which a general meeting of the
company could carry into effect, the assent was as binding as a resolution in
a general meeting: see _Re Duomatic Ltd_...

As I have found that all the [directors] had agreed to the system of private
accounts with full knowledge of how it was supposed to work, I find that the
charging of the impugned expenses to their private accounts for squaring off
later was conduct which they had, as shareholders, viewed as “fair game and
acceptable”...As the [directors] were the only shareholders of RTC, they
collectively represented the interests of the...As RTC was solvent at all
times when the [directors] charged expenses to their private accounts, the
[directors] were “in substance the company” and in adopting the acts of
charging expenses to their private accounts in agreement with one another as
shareholders, they had made those acts the Plaintiff’s acts. Thus, the
Plaintiff cannot now complain that the expenses charged were charged in breach
of their duties to RTC. As a result, the Plaintiff’s claim in respect of the
directors’ remuneration and expenses must fail.

43 Both counsel were _ad idem_ that the _Duomatic_ principle would apply if Mr
Loh had in fact approved the salary payments to Mdm Lim. However during oral
closing submissions, Mr Retnam further submitted that the _Duomatic_ principle
would also apply even if Mr Loh was not aware of the salary payments since
Panweld’s accountant, Mr Quek, was fully aware at all material times. I
disagree. First, as a matter of pleadings, Mr Yong’s original defence was that
the payments were approved by Mr Loh. It was subsequently amended on 13 May
2011 to state that the payments were _also_ approved by Mr Quek. There is,
however, no alternative case that the payments were proper _even if_ Mr Loh
had not approved them on the premise that Mr Quek was aware of the same.
Secondly, as a matter of law, the _Duomatic_ principle is intended to
regularise acts or payments on the basis that a shareholders’ resolution would
have been passed to approve the acts or payments in question had it been
tabled. It therefore has no application if Mr Loh, as the majority
shareholder, was unaware and would not have approved the payments. For this
reason, the fact that Mr Quek had all along prepared the IR8A forms for Mdm
Lim and had arranged for the payment of her CPF contributions based on Mdm
Lim’s salaries does not change the position in law. The income tax
declarations and CPF contributions were merely acts carried out _in
furtherance_ _of_ the salary payments to Mdm Lim. Such acts do not translate
into consent or approval by Mr Loh if none otherwise existed. That is a
separate and independent inquiry that I will address below. If Mr Retnam is
right in his alternative submission, it would follow that a breach of
fiduciary duty by a director can be “cured” because another employee of the
company was aware of it. That cannot be right.

44 I should add that the mere fact that Panweld might have been managed like a
family-run business, in the usual sense of the phrase, should not make a
difference. As was observed in _Tayplan_ at [24]:

This therefore was a family enterprise from which, had it remained solvent,
the family, and only the family, would have been likely to benefit, the
benefit being distributed in such way as the individual family members wished.
However, the vehicle through which this family chose to conduct its business
was a registered company. That brought with it certain advantages, most
notably the incorporation of a company with a personality distinct from its
members and consequently limited liability, but also the requirement to
observe certain disciplines designed to protect not only the members but also
those who dealt with the company. The Lord Ordinary found that the defenders,
as directors and company secretary, and therefore the persons responsible, did
not observe these disciplines. In contravention of section 221 of the
Companies Act 1985 [similar to s 199 of the Singapore Companies Act (Cap. 50,
2006 Rev Ed)], they failed to keep sufficient accounting records.

45 In any event, there is no dispute that the burden to establish Mr Loh’s
knowledge and approval rests with Mr Yong and/or Mdm Lim. I begin by examining
the pleaded defence as regards this alleged approval. When the defence was
first pleaded, Mr Yong claimed that Mr Loh agreed to place Mdm Lim on the
payroll in _reaction_ to Mr Yong’s concern over Mrs Loh’s and Sook Min’s
employment in Panweld. Although this has since been amended, I have noted that
there is no truth whatsoever in the “reaction theory” because Mdm Lim was
placed on the payroll in 1992, long before Mrs Loh and Sook Min in 1995. If
such an agreement had been reached, they would all have been placed on the
payroll _together_ in 1992. This point was alluded to by Panweld in its Reply
filed on 25 March 2010, which led to the amendment to the defence _a year
later_.

46 During the investigations by BDO in October 2009, prior to the commencement
of the action, Mr Yong had provided his own handwritten note to BDO stating
that “Mr Loh [had] employed his wife and his girlfriend in 1995 without [his]
knowledge”.[note: 53] Clearly, the essence of any agreement must necessarily
entail both Mr Yong’s and Mr Loh’s knowledge of the salary arrangements of the
three wives. In cross-examination, Mr Yong could not provide any explanation
for his contradictory stance other than to say that he might have written it
down wrongly on the handwritten note.[note: 54]

47 In his amended defence, Mr Yong claims that the payment of the three wives’
salaries was to reduce the tax burden of Panweld. However, in cross-
examination, he again shifted his position, saying that it was instead to
lighten his _own_ tax liability.[note: 55]

48 Finally, when Mr Yong was first confronted by Mr Loh on or about 25 June
2009 about Mdm Lim’s salary payments, the transcript of the taped recorded
conversation appears to suggest that Mr Yong was informing Mr Loh for the
first time. In response, Mr Loh told Mr Yong “[t]hat I don’t know _lah_ ”.
Conspicuously, Mr Yong did not claim that Mr Loh was aware of the payments all
along and had in fact approved them. This is in fact consistent with Mr Yong’s
own position that he was not aware of the salary payments to Mrs Loh and Sook
Min. For the above reasons, I find that Mr Yong has failed to discharge the
onus of proving that Mr Loh was aware and had approved the salary payments to
Mdm Lim.

49 It leaves me now to consider the points raised by Mr Yong and Mdm Lim that
the salary payments were properly approved by Mr Loh. As a starting point, Mr
Yong relied on the salary payments to Mrs Loh and Sook Min.[note: 56] However,
it is essential to bear in mind that the reliance on the salary payments to
Mrs Loh and Sook Min is to support the alleged agreement. It is not their
defence that Mdm Lim was entitled to be paid merely because Mrs Loh and Sook
Min were likewise receiving salaries. For the reasons set out in [45] to [48]
above, I have determined that Mr Yong has failed to prove the alleged
agreement. Further, the comparison of the flexible working arrangements of Mrs
Loh and Sook Min with that of Mdm Lim is not particularly helpful because that
does not address the issue of whether such an agreement existed or whether Mdm
Lim was in truth an employee. In the course of the proceedings, I had
observed, on a number of occasions, to both counsel that “two wrongs do not
make a right”. It may well be that the payments to Mrs Loh and Sook Min were
not proper either. Although that issue is strictly not before me, Mr Foo had
informed the court that Mr Loh is prepared to refund the salaries paid to Mrs
Loh and Sook Min if ordered to do so by the court. I do not believe this is
the correct forum for me to make such an order of refund, particularly since
neither Mr Yong nor Mdm Lim had made any such submission on the matter. They
could not make such a submission before me since it would undermine their
defence based on the alleged agreement. That is a separate matter for Mr Yong,
as 20 percent shareholder of Panweld, to take up if he is so advised. However,
for completeness, I should add that evidence was adduced in court that, unlike
Mdm Lim, staff members of Panweld had seen Mrs Loh and Sook Min on Panweld’s
office premises.[note: 57] Further, both Mrs Loh and Sook Min testified that
they did some administrative and secretarial work in the office and
translation work for Mr Loh during meetings with Panweld’s customers.[note:
58] I do not accept that the three wives were employees of Panweld in any
meaningful sense of the word. The distinctions highlighted by Mr Foo as
regards the nature of the work performed by Mrs Loh and Sook Min are not
significant enough for me to arrive at a different conclusion from that
reached with regard to Mdm Lim.

50 Mr Retnam relied on various documents to establish that Mr Loh was aware of
the salary payments to Mdm Lim. First, Mr Retnam referred to Panweld’s monthly
payroll records. However, there is no evidence that Mr Loh had ever examined
the payroll records of Panweld. In fact, according to the evidence of Mr Yong,
he too claimed that he had never reviewed the payroll records.[note: 59]
Obviously, if Mr Yong, who was managing Panweld, whether as Managing Director
or General Manager, had never seen the payroll records, it is not at all
surprising for Mr Loh as the inactive director not to have read them. As
regards the monthly management accounts, although Mr Loh would have been
provided with copies, it does not advance the defence since the accounts on
their face do not disclose the names of the employees on the payroll.

51 The only document which Mr Yong was able to identify, which could
_possibly_ point to Mr Loh’s knowledge of the salary payments, was a
handwritten monthly account dated 12 March 1998 (“the account”) prepared by Mr
Quek. Mr Retnam cited Mr Quek’s testimony during cross-examination to suggest
that the account was provided to the “directors”, _ie_ , both Mr Yong and Mr
Loh. The account stated, _inter alia_ , “[directors’] wives salaries (3
persons)”. In order to fully understand the evidence of Mr Quek in its proper
context, it is necessary to set out his testimony on this point in its
entirety[note: 60]:

Q:This was a document you prepared to show the monthly operating expenses of
the plaintiff, wasn’t it?

A: _It’s for Mr Yong_. Mr Yong request what is the money as –

Q:Please, Mr Quek. You seem to prefix all your answers as “according to Mr
Yong”, “Mr Yong”. Here, did you prepare this to show to the _directors_ what
the monthly operating expenses are?

A:Yes.

Q:There you have recorded what the directors’ salaries are and the wives’
salaries, three persons, 6225, so the _directors_ would have been aware of
this, wouldn’t they?

A:Yes.

[emphasis added]

52 From the above transcript, it is clear to me that the account was prepared
at the behest of Mr Yong. When Mr Quek agreed with Mr Retnam that the account
was provided to the _directors_ (in plural), it appeared to me that Mr Quek
did not appreciate that the question was expressed in plural. In any event, Mr
Retnam did not clarify with Mr Quek that he was also referring to Mr Loh when
he agreed that the account was provided to the “ _directors”_ , given his
earlier answer that it was prepared for Mr Yong. This was, however, clarified
by Mr Quek in re-examination when he confirmed that the account was _only_
provided to Mr Yong.[note: 61] I accept Mr Quek’s evidence that the account
was not provided to Mr Loh. I should add that it is odd that Mr Yong, having
trawled through the voluminous documents disclosed in this action, was only
able to identify one solitary document, the account, in his somewhat desperate
attempt to pin knowledge and approval on Mr Loh. I say this is odd because the
salary payments to Mdm Lim were made over 17 years and yet he was only at best
able to point to one document.

53 Next, although Mr Loh claimed that Mrs Loh had stopped receiving salary
from Panweld since 2003, Mr Retnam explained that this was contradicted by
Panweld’s balance sheet from 1 July 2007 to 31 October 2007 (“2007 balance
sheet”) which showed that Mrs Loh continued to receive salary of $2,500 as at
October 2007.[note: 62] Her salary was credited to Mr Loh’s director’s account
with Panweld. The fact that Mr Loh’s director’s account was credited with a
monthly sum of $2,500 was not disputed. In fact, it was accepted by Mr Foo
that the $2,500 monthly credits to Mr Loh’s director’s account were made from
at least January 2005.

54 Mr Quek, in explaining the status of the directors’ accounts in response to
Mr Yong’s queries, had provided some handwritten remarks on the 2007 balance
sheet that $2,500 was credited into Mr Loh’s director’s account representing
Mrs Loh’s salary. Mr Quek admitted that the handwritten remarks were indeed
his but claimed that he was forced by Mr Yong to deliberately falsify the
entry as representing Mrs Loh’s salary when it was actually reimbursement for
Mr Loh’s China expenses.[note: 63] I did not believe his explanation. There
was no reason in _2007_ for Mr Yong to “force” Mr Quek to falsify the nature
of the payment given that the investigations against Mr Yong were only
initiated in or around April _2009_.

55 Mr Loh also sought to explain in cross-examination that the description by
Mr Quek in the 2007 balance sheet was erroneous in that the payments were in
fact reimbursement of his monthly expenses incurred for his China trips on
behalf of Panweld.[note: 64] Likewise, I did not accept Mr Loh’s explanation.
There is no documentary evidence to support Mr Loh’s alleged monthly China
expenses. Further, it is odd that the expenses were fixed at $2,500 every
month for reimbursement purposes even though Mr Loh admittedly did not travel
to China every month. Mr Loh’s explanation that this was rounded up for
convenience does not address the complete absence of documentary evidence to
support the reimbursement expenses.

56 Although I did not accept both Mr Quek’s and Mr Loh’s testimony on this
point, ultimately, this finding offers no assistance to Mr Yong’s or Mdm Lim’s
defence. For the reasons set out in [49] above, the fact of the salary
payments by Panweld to Mrs Loh and Sook Min in itself does not bear out the
defence of an alleged agreement between Mr Yong and Mr Loh to place the three
wives on Panweld’s payroll. All that it establishes is that Mr Yong was not
alone in arranging unauthorised salary payments to his wife.

Can Mr Yong and/or Mdm Lim invoke the limitation defence

57 As mentioned at [16], Mr Retnam rightly accepts that, in the event that the
salary payments are found to have been paid in breach of Mr Yong’s fiduciary
duties, the claims against Mr Yong would not be barred by the Limitation Act
(which will be referred to as “the Act”, or “our Act” when discussed together
with the English equivalents). Why Mr Retnam’s concession is correct will be
explained below.

58 With regard to the claim against Mdm Lim, Mr Retnam argues that, given that
Mr Loh had consented to Mdm Lim’s employment, Panweld is barred by
acquiescence from maintaining their claims against Mdm Lim.[note: 65] In light
of my finding that Mr Loh did not know of Mdm Lim’s “employment”, the argument
based on acquiescence becomes moot. Mr Retnam also submitted that even if
liability is made out, part of the claim against Mdm Lim would be time barred
pursuant to ss 6(1)(a), 6(1)(d) and 6(2) of the Act[note: 66]. Section 6 of
the Act provides that:

**Limitation of actions of contract and tort and certain other actions**

6.—(1) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought after
the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued:

(a) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

...

(d) actions to recover any sum recoverable by virtue of any written law other
than a penalty or forfeiture or sum by way of penalty or forfeiture.

(2) An action for an account shall not be brought in respect of any matter
which arose more than 6 years before the commencement of the action.

...

(7) Subject to sections 22 and 32, this section shall apply to all claims for
specific performance of a contract or for an injunction or for other equitable
relief whether the same be founded upon any contract or tort or upon any trust
or other ground in equity.

59 In response, Mr Foo argues that no time bar applies because the claim
against Mdm Lim falls within s 22(1) of the Act.[note: 67] Section 22 of the
Act provides that:

**Limitations of actions in respect of trust property**

22.—(1) No period of limitation prescribed by this Act shall apply to an
action by a beneficiary under a trust, being an action —

(a) in respect of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust to which the trustee
was a party or privy; or

(b) to recover from the trustee trust property or the proceeds thereof in the
possession of the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and converted
to his use.

(2) Subject to subsection (1), an action by a beneficiary to recover trust
property or in respect of any breach of trust, not being an action for which a
period of limitation is prescribed by any other provision of this Act, shall
not be brought after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the
right of action accrued.

60 I should state at the outset that Mdm Lim’s reliance on ss 6(1)(a) and
6(1)(d) of the Act appears misplaced since those provisions relate to claims
based on contract, tort or “an action to recover any sum recoverable by virtue
of any written law.” Her reliance on s 6(2) of the Act is also inappropriate,
since an “action for an account” can only be maintained where there is a
fiduciary relationship between the parties as to raise an obligation to
account, and where the amount due is uncertain and unliquidated (_Black’s Law
Dictionary_ , 9thEd, 2009 and _Attorney General v Cocke_ [1988] Ch 414, 420),
_eg_ , s 6(2) of the Act was applied to an action for an order for account and
inquiry into a partnership’s finances in _Toh Kim Chan v Toh Kim Tian_ [2003]
1 SLR(R) 839 at [36]–[37]. The claim for the return of salaries paid and
received by Mdm Lim is not an “action for an account”.

61 As will be discussed (at [65] to [74] below), there are, for purposes of
limitation, two classes of constructive trusteeships. Class 1 constructive
trusteeships fall within s 22(1) of the Act and are never time barred. Class 2
constructive trusteeships, on the other hand, are subject to the limitation
defence. In a number of decisions such as _Peconic Industrial Development Ltd
v Lau Kwok Fai and ors_ [2009] HKCFA 16; [2009] 2 HKLRD 537 (“ _Peconic_ ”),
_Dubai Aluminium Co Ltd v Salaam and ors_ [2002] UKHL 48; [2003] 2 AC 366 (“
_Dubai Aluminium_ ”) and _Paragon Finance plc v D B Thakerar & Co (a firm)_
[1999] 1 All ER 400 (“ _Paragon Finance_ ”), where the courts have ruled that
the claims against Class 2 constructive trustees, _eg_ , dishonest assistants
and knowing recipients, fall outside the equivalent of s 22(1) of the Act,
they did not go on to identify the applicable limitation provision which
operated to bar the claims.

62 In my view, claims based on dishonest assistance and knowing receipt are
claims for equitable relief (see _Paragon Finance_ at p 413 and _Selangor
United Rubber Estates Ltd v Cradock and ors (No 3)_ [1968] 1 WLR 1555 (“
_Cradock_ ”) at p 1582), and are governed by s 6(7) of the Act: Report of the
Law Reform Committee on the Review of the Limitation Act (Cap 163) (February
2007) (“ _LRC Report 2007_ ”) at p 8. Why such claims do not fall under s
22(2) will be explained later (at [94] to [95]). As s 6(7) of the Act is
expressly subject to s 22, the question that must ultimately be answered is
whether s 22(1) of the Act applies, as Mr Foo argues, such that the whole of
Panweld’s claim against Mdm Lim remains alive notwithstanding the lapse of six
years. Although s 6(7) of the Act was not specifically pleaded by Mr Yong
and/or Mdm Lim, in my view, there is no prejudice to Panweld since it was
fully aware of the limitation defence and, more significantly, the focus on
the limitation contest was on the applicability of s 22(1) of the Act, to
which both parties have made substantial submissions.

63 Pursuant to s 2(1) of the Act, “trust” and “trustee” have the same meanings
as under the Trustees Act (Cap 337, 2005 Rev Ed), which include “implied and
constructive trusts”. See s 3 of the Trustees Act (Cap 337, 2005 Rev Ed). Was
Mdm Lim a “constructive trustee” within the meaning of s 22(1) of the Act?

“Constructive trusts” under the English equivalent of s 22

64 What constitutes “constructive trust” for the purpose of limitation has
been the subject of much jurisprudential discussion. As s 22 of our Act was
modelled on s 19 of the Limitation Act 1939 (UK) (“the 1939 UK Act”) (see Sing
_Parliamentary Debates_ , Vol 11, col 587 (2 September 1959) (Mr K M Byrne,
Minister for Labour and Law) and _LRC Report 2007_ at p 4), English
authorities on this point are highly relevant and will be discussed in some
detail.

65 The English authorities distinguish between two broad classes of
“constructive trusts” for limitation purposes. The line is drawn based on
whether the trust in question arose _before_ the occurrence of the transaction
impeached, or whether it arose _by reason of_ that transaction. See _Soar v
Ashwell_ [1893] 2 QB 390 (“ _Soar_ ”), _Isabella Taylor v Davies and ors_
[1920] AC 636 (Privy Council) (“ _Taylor_ ”), _Paragon Finance_ at pp 408–409,
_Cradock_ at p 1579, JJ. _Harrison (Properties) Ltd v Harrison_ [2001] EWCA
Civ 1467 (“ _JJ Harrison_ ”) at [25]–[30], _Dubai Aluminium_ at [139], _Gwembe
Valley Development Co Ltd and anor v Thomas Koshy and ors_ [2003] EWCA Civ
1048 (“ _Gwembe Valley_ ”) at [86]–[88], _Halton International Inc and anor v
Guernroy Ltd_ [2006] EWCA Civ 801 (“ _Halton International_ ”) at [10] and
_Statek Corporation v Alford_ [2008] EWHC 32 (Ch) (“ _Statek_ ”) at [106]. The
distinction was neatly stated by Ungoed-Thomas J in the following terms
(_Cradock_ at p 1579):

It is essential at the outset to distinguish two very different kinds of so-
called constructive trustees: (1) Those who, though not appointed trustees,
take upon themselves to act as such and to possess and administer trust
property for the beneficiaries, such as trustees de son tort. Distinguishing
features for present purposes are (a) they do not claim to act in their own
right but for the beneficiaries, and (b) their assumption to act is not of
itself a ground of liability (save in the sense of course of liability to
account and for any failure in the duty so assumed), and so _their status as
trustees precedes the occurrence which may be the subject of claim against
them_. (2) _Those whom a court of equity will treat as trustees by reason of
their action, of which complaint is made._ Distinguishing features are (a)
that such trustees claim to act in their own right and not for beneficiaries,
and (b) no trusteeship arises before, but only by reason of, the action
complained of.

[emphasis added]

66 While trusts falling under the former category (“Class 1”) come within
“trust” in s 22(1) of the Act, those falling under the latter category (“Class
2”) do not, and thus, could be time barred. See JJ. _Harrison_ at [37],
_Gwembe Valley_ at [111], _Dubai Aluminium_ at [141] and _Halton
International_ at [10], [26].

67 The distinction between Class 1 and Class 2 constructive trusteeships was
illustrated in the recent decision of _Halton International_ (at [13]–[15]) by
juxtaposing two cases involving breach of directors’ duties:

In [_JJ Harrison (Properties) Ltd v. Harrison_ [2002] 1 BCLC 162], the
claimant was a family property company, of which the defendant was a director.
In 1985 a property owned by the company was valued at £8,400, but in a side
letter the valuer said that it “may have some development potential” and that
the valuation did not take this into account. The side letter was not
disclosed to the company, but the director was aware of it. In 1986 he bought
the property from the company without disclosing the side letter. He later
sold it for a very substantial profit. More than six years later the company
sued him for an account of the proceeds of sale of the land. His limitation
defence failed in the Court of Appeal on the ground that the claim was within
class 1.

In [_Gwembe Valley Development Co. Ltd v Koshy_ [2004] 1 BCLC 131], the
defendant was managing director of the claimant company, GVDC, and a
shareholder in it. He also owned a majority of the shares in and controlled
another company, Lasco, which lent money to GVDC. He arranged the loans...The
case against the defendant was that he did not disclose to the board of GVDC
his interest in Lasco, or the profit that Lasco made on the loans to GVDC. It
was held that, apart from fraud, the claim would have been time-barred,
because his liability to account for the secret profit was not within class 1,
and therefore the exception provided by section 21(1)(b) did not apply. (The
claim ultimately succeeded, on the basis that the defendant had fraudulently
concealed from GVDC his interest in Lasco and the true cost of the kwacha lent
to GVDC.)

While the director in JJ. _Harrison_ had a pre-existing “trustee-like”
responsibility _vis-a-vis_ the property which was the subject of the action,
the liability of the director in _Gwembe Valley_ to account for undisclosed
profits did _not_ depend on any such pre-existing responsibility, and thus,
could not be brought within the English equivalent of s 22(1)(b) of our Act.
See _Gwembe Valley_ at [119] and _Halton International_ at [16]). Therefore,
but for the fact that the fraudulent nature of the non-disclosure brought the
director’s breach in _Gwembe Valley_ within the English equivalent of s
22(1)(a) of our Act, the director would have been able to plead limitation in
defence. See _Gwembe Valley_ at [120], [136]–[138]).

68 Indeed, Mr Foo relied on JJ. _Harrison_ to bring the claim against Mr Yong
within s 22(1) of the Act.[note: 68] Mr Retnam accepts this position, and I
find, rightly so. Although there was no express trust, Mr Yong was a fiduciary
of Panweld, and as director, stood in a trustee-like position _vis-a-vis_
Panweld’s assets (see _Cradock_ and _Halsbury’s_ _Vol 9(2)_ at [110.588], fn
2), _ie_ , he was a trustee of the monies before he wrongfully paid them to
Mdm Lim. This brought his breach within Class 1 constructive trusteeship and
thus disentitled him from raising the limitation defence. It follows that it
is no longer necessary for me to deal with Mr Foo’s alternative submissions
that the limitation period for the claim against Mr Yong had been extended
pursuant to s 26(2) of the Act, due to Mr Yong’s acknowledgment of Panweld’s
claim in May 2009[note: 69], and/or ss 29(1)(a) and 29(1)(b) of the Act, due
to the concealed nature of Mr Yong’s wrongdoing.[note: 70]

Background to the distinction between the two classes of “constructive trusts”

69 The genesis of s 19 of the 1939 UK Act, on which s 22 of our Act was
modelled, may be traced back to developments in England prior to the 1890s.
Before 1890, when the Trustee Act 1888 (UK) (“the 1888 UK Act”) came into
operation in England, the Court of Equity developed the general rule that, in
the absence of laches or acquiescence, a claim against an express trustee
shall be perpetual. See _Soar_ at p 395. The rationale was not based on
culpability, but _deemed possession_ ; the legal fiction adopted was that the
possession of an express trustee was never by virtue of any right of his own,
but was deemed, from the outset, to be taken for and on behalf of his
beneficiary, and thus, time did not run in his favour against the beneficiary.
See _Taylor_ at pp 650–651, _Cradock_ at 1579, _Paragon Finance_ at pp 408–409
and _Halton International_ at [22].

70 To ameliorate the harshness visited on trustees who could remain liable
indefinitely for innocent breaches of trust, when even common law actions for
fraud were subject to a six-year time bar, s 8 of the 1888 UK Act (which
scheme was adopted by s 19 of the 1939 UK Act, and consequently, s 22 of our
Act) introduced a six-year limitation period for claims for breach of trust.
Two situations were, however, excepted from s 8 of the 1888 UK Act, _viz_ ,
(a) where the claim was founded on fraud; and (b) where the proceeds were
still retained by the trustee or had previously been received by the trustee
and converted to his use. See _Paragon Finance_ at p 410.

71 Before this statutory scheme came into place, however, courts developing
the general rule that claims against express trustees were perpetual, extended
the meaning of “express trustee” to include persons who were, technically,
implied or constructive trustees. Those who fell within this expanded meaning
of “express trustee” were not allowed to raise the limitation defence. See
Michael Franks, MA, _Limitation of Actions_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 1995) at p 64.
In _Soar_ , trustees entrusted the trust fund to their solicitor, Ashwell, to
be invested in an equitable mortgage by deposit of title deeds. Instead of
accounting to the trustees for the sums received upon the mortgage being paid
off, Ashwell retained a portion of the monies for himself. The English Court
of Appeal held that Ashwell was an “express trustee” to whom no limitation
period applied because he was trustee of the funds _before_ he committed the
alleged wrong (_ie_ , Class 1 constructive trusteeship). In other words, the
classification of “express trustee” in _Soar_ also included certain types of
constructive trusts, specifically, those falling within Class 1. Lord Esher MR
held (at pp 393–395) that:

Was Ashwell...such a trustee as a Court of Equity will not allow to rely on
the Statutes of Limitation? _If there is created in express terms, whether
written or verbal, a trust, and a person is in terms nominated to be trustee
of that trust, a Court of Equity, upon proof of such facts, will not allow him
to vouch a Statute of Limitation against a breach of that trust. Such a trust
is in equity called an express trust_...If the breach of the legal relation
relied on, whether such breach be by way of tort or contract, makes, in the
view of a Court of Equity, the defendant a trustee for the plaintiff, the
Court of Equity treats the defendant as a trustee become so by construction,
and _the trust is called a constructive trust; and against the breach which by
construction creates the trust the Court of Equity allows Statutes of
Limitation to be vouched_...There are cases not falling strictly within either
of those thus enunciated, some of which have been treated by the Courts of
Equity as within the class in respect of which a Statute of Limitations will
not be allowed to be vouched, and some within the class in respect of which
such a statute may be vouched...

_[T]he questions in this case are whether Ashwell was not, in view of a Court
of Equity, a trustee of the money before the alleged breach by
misappropriation, and, if he was, under which class of trust he was with
regard to limitations. The moment the money was in his hands, he was in a
fiduciary relation to the nominated trustees...he held the money in trust to
deal with it for them as directed by them; he was a trustee for them. He was
therefore a trustee of the money before he committed, if he did commit, the
alleged breach of trust…_

[W]here a person has assumed, either with or without consent, to act as a
trustee of money or other property, i.e. to act in a fiduciary relation with
regard to it, and has in consequences been in possession of or has exercised
command or control over such money or property, a Court of Equity will impose
upon him all the liabilities of an express trustee...and will call him an
express trustee..._I am of the opinion that the present case is within the
description of that which is treated as and is called in equity an express
trust, and that the inquiry as to the alleged breach cannot be stopped by the
Statute of Limitations._

[emphasis added]

72 There is sound policy underlying the distinction made between express
trusts (in the expanded sense, which includes Class 1 constructive trusts) and
Class 2 constructive trusts for the purposes of limitation. Class 2
constructive trusteeships are contingent on proof of the defendant’s
contemporaneous acts by reason of which the constructive trust arose. Such
evidence may be more prone to conflicts and destruction over time, as compared
to proof of the existence of an express trust or pre-existing fiduciary
relationship. As such, considerations of fairness require that time should run
in favour of such defendants. See _Soar_ at p 396 per Bowen LJ, and p 400 per
Kay LJ.

73 Following the enactment of the 1888 UK Act, which by s 1(3) extended the
definition of “trustee” to constructive and implied trustees, the judicial
exercise of distinguishing between the two categories of constructive trusts
persisted. See _Taylor_ at pp 651–653. However, the label “express trust” need
no longer be stretched to include Class 1 constructive trusts as both express
trustees and Class 1 constructive trustees could be precluded from relying on
the limitation defence where the requirements of s 8 of the 1888 Act are met.
See JJ. _Harrison_ at [34]. Indeed, the distinction also survived the
subsequent enactment of the 1939 UK Act, upon which our Act was modelled. In
connection with this, Millett LJ (as he then was) listed ten reasons
justifying the distinction, _inter alia_ (_Paragon Finance_ at pp 412–413):

(1) If [the 1939 UK Act] was intended to abrogate the former distinction
between the two kinds of constructive trust...It can hardly have done so
merely by adopting the definitions of “trust” and trustee in the Trustee Act
1925, since these are not materially different from those in [the 1888 UK
Act]. _If anything, the use of the definitions in [the Trustee Act 1925]
points in the opposite direction, for that Act is concerned exclusively with
the powers and duties of trustees properly so called. It is not concerned with
persons whose trusteeship is merely a formula for giving restitutionary
relief._

...(4) As a matter of statutory construction the question turns on the meaning
of the opening words of [s 22(1) of our Act]...these are not apt to cover
constructive trusts of the second kind...because they refer to “...an action
by a beneficiary under a trust...to which the trustee”..._these words would
appear to be prima facie applicable only to those whose trusteeship precedes
the occurrence which is the subject of the claim against them_ and not those
whose trusteeship arises only by reason of that occurrence. (5) ...[T]he
distinction between the two kinds of constructive trusts..._was the
distinction between an institutional trust and a remedial formula – between a
trust and a catch phrase_.

...(8) Although at first sight the distinction...appears to be merely
chronological, _it marks a real difference between trustees (whether or not
expressly appointed as such) who commit a breach of trust (however created)
and persons who are not trustees at all but who are described as trustees for
the purposes of enabling equitable relief to be granted against them_. Actions
founded on tort are barred after six years, and there is no exception for
actions founded on fraud, though the start of the limitation period may be
deferred in such cases. There is no logical basis for distinguishing between
an action for damages for fraud at common law and the corresponding claim in
equity for “an account as constructive trustee” founded on the same fraud.

[emphasis added]

74 It must be recognised that Class 2 “constructive trusts” are not, in fact,
“trusts” in the true sense of the word. It is nothing more than a formula for
equitable relief; a court applying equitable principles finds that the
defendant ought to be made liable in equity, and thus, imposes a constructive
trust for this purpose. See _Cradock_ at p 1582. In the words of Millett LJ in
_Paragon Finance_ at p 409 (which were echoed in _Dubai Aluminium_ at
[141]–[142] and _Cradock_ at p 1575):

In the first class of case, however, the constructive trustee really is a
trustee...the plaintiff does not impugn the transaction by which the defendant
obtained control of the property. He alleges that the circumstances in which
the defendant obtained control make it unconscionable for him thereafter to
assert a beneficial interest in the property.

The second class of case is different...In such a case _[the defendant] is
traditionally though I think unfortunately described as a constructive trustee
and said to be “liable to account as constructive trustee.”_ _Such a person is
not in fact a trustee at all, even though he may be liable to account as if he
were_. He never assumes the position of a trustee, and if he receives the
trust property at all it is adversely to the plaintiff by an unlawful
transaction which is impugned by the plaintiff. In such a case the expressions
“constructive trust” and “constructive trustee” are misleading, for _there is
no trust and usually no possibility of a proprietary remedy;_ they are
“nothing more than a formula for equitable relief”: _Selangor United Rubber
Estates Ltd. V Cradock_ [1968] 1 WLR 1555 at p 1582 _per_ Ungoed-Thomas
J..._They were not in reality trusts at all, but merely a remedial mechanism
by which equity gave relief for fraud_.

[emphasis added]

This use of “remedial” in relation to Class 2 “constructive trusts”, which
restricts the plaintiff to a _personal_ remedy must, of course, be
distinguished from “remedial” in the sense which is used in the United States
and Canada, where a “remedial constructive trust” may be imposed as a
_discretionary proprietary remedy_. Under English law, constructive trusts
arise based on legal rules, and the court’s role in this connection is purely
declaratory. See Hayton & Mitchell, _The Law of Trusts and Equitable Remedies_
, 12th Ed (Sweet & Maxwell, 2005) (“ _Hayton & Mitchell_”) at [6–03].

The position in Singapore

75 The recent High Court decision of _Wong Chong_ _Yue v Wong Chong Thai_
[2011] 2 SLR 804 (“ _Wong Chong_ _Yue_ ”) concerned a claim that certain
shares were held by the defendant on an _express trust_ for the plaintiff.
Philip Pillai J, in determining the preliminary issue of whether the claim for
breach of trust and for account had been time barred, held (at [9]) that:

The meaning and scope of s 22(1)(_b_) was examined in _Soar v Ashwell_ [1893]
2 QB 390. Lord Esher MR said (at 393):

If there is created in expressed terms, whether written or verbal, a trust,
and a person is in terms nominated to be the trustee of that trust, a Court of
Equity, upon proof of such facts, will not allow him to vouch a Statute of
Limitations against a breach of that trust. Such a trust is in equity called
an express trust...If the breach of the legal relation relied on, whether such
breach be by way of tort or contract, makes, in the view of a Court of Equity,
the defendant a trustee for the plaintiff, the Court of Equity treats the
defendant as a trustee become so by construction, and the trust is called a
constructive trust; and against the breach which by construction creates the
trust the Court of Equity allows Statutes of Limitation to be vouched.

In the same judgment, Bowen LJ stated that (at 395-396):

_..._ That time (by analogy to the statute) is no bar in the case of an
express trust, but that it will be a bar in the case of a constructive trust,
is a doctrine which has been clearly and long established...A constructive
trust is one which arises when a stranger to a trust already constituted is
held by the Court to be bound in good faith and in conscience by the trust in
consequence of his conduct and behaviour...although but for such conduct and
behaviour he would be a stranger to the trust _..._[T]he liability of a
stranger to the trust _arises from his conduct and depends on the proof of his
contemporary acts..._

The above passages have been cited with approval more recently by the English
High Court in _Cattley v Pollard_ [2007] Ch 353 at [43]-[47]. A claim for
accounting under an express trust would accordingly not be subject to any time
bar, whether under s 6(2) or anywhere else in the Limitation Act. Section
22(2) of the Limitation Act is subject to s 22(1) of the Limitation Act, and
therefore does not apply.

[emphasis added]

76 Mr Foo correctly pointed out that _Wong Chong_ _Yue_ is not directly
applicable to the present case since Pillai J was there concerned with the
issue of limitation _vis-a-vis_ an express trust[note: 71], and that contrary
to Mr Retnam’s submission[note: 72], _Wong Chong_ _Yue_ did not suggest that a
six-year time bar applied to _all_ constructive trust claims.[note: 73] The
term “express trust”, as discussed, bore an expanded meaning in the pre-1890
era during which _Soar_ was decided. Furthermore, while Bowen LJ referred to a
time bar in relation to constructive trusts, his description of constructive
trustees, being strangers to the trust, but for certain conduct giving rise to
liability, was in effect a description of Class 2 constructive trustees.

77 With the benefit of hindsight, drawn from the _Paragon Finance_ and _Dubai
Aluminium_ line of cases, it would certainly seem regressive for our courts to
retreat to the pre-20th century English position of denying reliance on the
limitation defence only in cases of express trusts. Indeed, the Court of
Appeal had the opportunity to deal with a related point in _QBE Insurance Ltd
v Sim Lim Finance Ltd_ [1987] SLR(R) 23 (“ _QBE Insurance_ ”) which was
decided before _Paragon Finance._ The respondent, Sim Lim Finance, entered
into a hire-purchase agreement with Highlight Industry whereby the latter
acquired on hire purchase 74 sets of industrial sewing machines and agreed to
pay Sim Lim Finance monthly instalments totalling $105,000. Highlight also
took out a fire policy with the appellant, QBE Insurance, in relation to the
machines. Following the destruction of the machines in a subsequent fire, Sim
Lim Finance wrote a letter to Highlight, carbon-copied to QBE, claiming an
interest in the machines, and requesting Highlight to instruct QBE to pay the
insurance proceeds to Sim Lim Finance. When QBE did not acknowledge or reply
to the letter, Sim Lim Finance sued Highlight, its directors, and QBE for
compensation and damages arising from conspiracy, breach of trust and
negligence. After QBE filed its defence, the action went to sleep for
approximately four years before Sim Lim Finance gave notice of its intention
to proceed with its claim. QBE then applied to dismiss the action for want of
prosecution.

78 QBE’s application was dismissed in the High Court which held, _inter alia_
, that Sim Lim Finance’s claim based on fraudulent breach of trust against QBE
as constructive trustees had not been time barred. On appeal, QBE argued that
Highlight insured the machinery on their own account, and not as trustees for
Sim Lim Finance, and that even if there was a claim based on constructive
trust, such action did not fall within s 22(1) of the Act. In dismissing QBE’s
appeal, the Court of Appeal held (at [28] and [32]) that:

28 The next submission of counsel for the appellants was that any claim based
on constructive trust would have been barred after six years on the ground
that s 22(1) of the Limitation Act (Cap 10) had no application to constructive
trusts: he cited _Soar v Ashwell_...and _In re Robinson_..._We do not think
that this contention is supported by these authorities..._[I]n support of his
contention, [counsel] relied on a passage in the judgment of Bowen LJ (at
395–396) where his Lordship drew a distinction between an express trust (_ie_
one which arises between the _cestui_ _que trust_ and his trustee) and a
constructive trust (_ie_ one which arises when a stranger to a trust already
constituted is held by the court to be bound in good faith and in conscience
by the trust in consequence of his conduct and behaviour) and that “time is no
bar in the case of an express trust, but that it will be a bar in the case of
a constructive trust...”. _In our view, counsel’s argument was based on a
partial reading of Bowen LJ’s judgment._ His Lordship (at 396) recognised and
drew attention to the “variety and inconsistency both in the language used
about constructive trusts and in the line of demarcation that has been drawn
between the cases of express and constructive trusts”...

32 ...[C]ounsel’s contention that statutory limitation applies to all
constructive trusts was again too wide. In the present action..._[w]hether or
not [the claim based on constructive trust], if well-founded, would be barred
after six years cannot therefore be decided until the nature of the
constructive trust, if any, has been determined by the trial judge._

[emphasis added]

79 Thus, it would appear from the observations by the Court of Appeal in _QBE
Insurance_ that not _all_ “constructive trusts” fall within s 22(1) of the
Act. Consistently with the subsequent line of English cases including _Paragon
Finance_ and _Dubai Aluminium_ , the Court of Appeal recognised that whether a
claim is subject to a time bar depends on the _nature_ of the constructive
trust in question.

Strangers to the Trust

80 I have held (at [68]) that Mr Yong is a constructive trustee falling within
s 22(1) of the Act as he is a Class 1 constructive trustee. The same may not
be said of Mdm Lim. Given the foregoing, it seems quite clear that dishonest
assistants and knowing recipients, as strangers to the trust, are Class 2
constructive trustees who are not “trustees” within s 22(1) of the Act. As was
observed in Charles Mitchell, “Dishonest assistance, knowing receipt, and the
law of limitation” (2008) 3 Conv 226 (“ _Charles Mitchell_ ”) at pp 230–231:

Claimants have [argued]...that [s 22(1) of the Act] applies to actions for
dishonest assistance and knowing receipt. The [argument] turns on the fact
that dishonest assistants and knowing recipients are “personally liable to
account as constructive trustees”...One might have thought that knowing
recipients would find it harder to defeat this argument than dishonest
assistants because the former always receive property which can be impressed
with a trust and the latter do not. Paradoxically, however, _knowing
recipients have been held to fall outside the subsection...for a long time,
whereas dishonest assistants have only been found to fall outside the
subsection very recently_.

[emphasis added]

81 Even though knowing recipients and dishonest assistants are not “trustees”
within the meaning of s 22(1) of the Act, is there any statutory basis to deny
such Class 2 constructive trustees from pleading limitation? This issue shall
be analysed with reference to dishonest assistants and knowing recipients
separately to determine whether they should be treated in the same vein or
differently.

Dishonest assistants

82 When courts hold that a dishonest assistant to a breach of trust is “liable
to account as a constructive trustee”, they do not actually mean that he must
account for property in his hands, which he holds on trust. Liability based on
dishonest assistance is a _personal_ liability, and the defendant can be
liable whether or not he had received and/or retained trust property; there is
no real trust to speak of. See _Hayton & Mitchell_ at [11–06], AJ Oakley,
_Constructive Trusts_ , 3rd Ed (Sweet & Maxwell, 1997) at pp 188–190, Hanbury
& Martin, _Modern Equity_ , 18th Ed (Sweet & Maxwell, 2009) at
[12–010]–[12–011] and _Charles Mitchell_ at p 229.

83 Mr Foo argued that s 22(1) of the Act should apply to dishonest assistants
because liability of the dishonest accessory should be of the same measure as
the wrongdoing principal.[note: 74] This argument touches on a dilemma which
has been discussed in the English cases in relation to whether claims based on
dishonest assistance may be brought under s 22(1)(a) of the Act by construing
dishonest assistants as having been “a party or privy” to the fraudulent
breach of trust. The dilemma, as stated in _Charles Mitchell_ at p 235, is
that between two anomalies: either dishonest assistants are never subject to
the same rule as fraudulent trustees, even when the trustee and the accessory
are fraudulent co-conspirators, or dishonest assistants are sometimes entitled
to invoke the limitation defence where the breach of trust was committed
innocently, but not where the breach was committed fraudulently, even though
in both cases, they may have behaved equally badly. In holding that dishonest
assistants were Class 2 constructive trustees who may rely on the six-year
limitation defence, Deputy High Court Judge Richard Sheldon QC held in
_Cattley and anor v Pollard and anor_ [2007] 3 WLR 317 (“ _Cattley_ ”) at p
334 that:

Mr Godsmark also relied on the following passage in the judgment of Millett LJ
in the Paragon case [1999] 1 All ER 400, 414:

“(10) A principled system of limitation would also treat a claim against an
accessory as barred when the claim against the principal was barred and not
before. There is, therefore, a case for treating a claim against a person who
has assisted a trustee in committing a breach of trust as subject to the same
limitation regime as the claim against the trustee: see J _W Brunyate,
Limitation of Actions in Equity_ (1932). But the borrowers, who obtained the
money by deceit and were the principal wrongdoers, were neither trustees nor
fiduciaries. If guilty of fraud, they can plead the statute. It would be
extraordinary if the defendants were liable in equity as accessories or co-
conspirators without limit of time when the claim against the principal
wrongdoers was barred.”

Whilst this passage does provide some support for Mr Godsmark's argument, it
is to be noted that Millett LJ is only postulating an argument (“There is … a
case”) which he then proceeds to answer on the facts before him. _I do not
read this passage as indicating that Millett LJ is accepting that the same
period of limitation should necessarily be applicable to a claim against the
trustee and a claim against the accessory._  _It seems to me that there is an
illogicality in making a dishonest assistance claim subject to the same period
of limitation as a claim against the trustee_. In the light of _Royal Brunei
Airlines Sdn_ _Bhd v Tan_ [1995] 2 AC 378 (which was decided after the Paragon
case), a person dishonestly assisting in a breach of trust is liable whether
or not the trustee has been fraudulent. Where the trustee's breach is not
fraudulent a claim against him would be subject to a six-year limitation
period and, if fraudulent, there would be no applicable period of limitation.
_It would appear illogical for a dishonest assistance claim against the
accessory to be subject to a six-year limitation period if the trustee's
breach of trust is not fraudulent but subject to no period of limitation if
the trustee's breach were fraudulent: the accessory, to be made liable, has to
have been guilty of dishonesty in both cases and there is no readily apparent
rationale as to why a different period of limitation should apply_.

[emphasis added]

84 To avoid the anomalous distinction between actions for dishonest assistance
and knowing receipt, where the breach of trust has been committed
fraudulently, and actions where it has not, even where the accessory has
behaved equally badly in both cases, the better view is that accessorial
liability, in both instances, falls outside s 22(1)(a) of the Act, whether or
not the breach of trust by the principal is dishonest. See _Charles Mitchell_
at p 235.

85 Mr Foo sought to rely on _Statek_ to argue that _Cattley_ did not represent
the correct legal position in England.[note: 75]_Statek_ involved
misappropriation of company monies by its directors. The plaintiff company
(Statek) was purchased by another company (TCI II) in 1984. One Johnston and
one Spillane became directors of Statek. TCI II was the holding company, and
all its revenue came from the highly profitable trading activities of Statek.
From February 1984 to January 1996, Johnston and Spillane systematically
looted Statek and TCI II, misappropriating more than $19.8 million from Statek
and more than $10.5 million from TCI II. Between April 1988 and December 1995,
a series of payments were made into the personal bank account of one Alford
(the defendant), a businessman and longtime business associate of Johnston and
Spillane. Statek alleged that, in dishonest breach of his duties to Statek,
Alford facilitated the misapplication of Statek’s monies so received by him
for which Statek claims, _inter alia_ , that he is bound to account as
constructive trustee. Evans-Lombe J found that Alford was a _de facto_
director and hence breached his fiduciary duties to Statek _ie_ , Class 1
constructive trustee (_Statek_ at [107]). In _obiter dicta_ , he added (at
[120]–[124]) that:

In arriving at his conclusion Mr Sheldon [in _Cattley_] placed principal
reliance on the judgment of Lord Millett as he had then become in _Dubai
Aluminium Company Limited v Salaam_ [2003] 2 AC 366...[T]he House of Lords
concluded that Mr Amhurst was constituted a category 2 trustee having assisted
in a fraud. At paragraph 141 in the speech of Lord Millett he is recorded as
saying this:-

“Unlike HB in _Mara v Browne_ [1896]1Ch199, Mr Amhurst did not assume the
position of a trustee on behalf of others. He never had title to the trust
funds or claimed the right to deal with them on behalf of those properly
entitled to them. He acted throughout on his own or his confederate’s behalf.
The claim against him is simply that he participated in a fraud. Equity gives
relief against fraud by making any person sufficiently implicated in the fraud
accountable in equity. In such a case he is traditionally (and I have
suggested unfortunately) described as a “constructive trustee” and is said to
be “liable to account as a constructive trustee”. But he is not in fact a
trustee at all, even though he may be liable to account as if he were...and he
could plead the Limitation Acts as a defence in the claim.”

...Mr Sheldon describes Lord Millett in this passage as “dealing with a claim
for dishonest assistance in a fraudulent breach of trust”…and found that the
Limitation Act could be pleaded as a defence to the claim.

With respect to Mr Sheldon, nowhere in his judgment does Lord Millett describe
the assistance given by Mr Amhurst to the fraud as being assistance to a
fraudulent breach of trust. He does not do so in the passage cited _..._[T]he
case does not seem to proceed on the basis that he or any of the other
defendants were trustees or fiduciaries of the assets of the claimant whose
fraud, in dealing with those assets, had been assisted by the actions of Mr
Amhurst.

86 Evans-Lombe J thus observed in _obiter dicta_ that s 21(1)(a) of the 1980
UK Act (_in pari_ _materia_ with s 22(1)(a) of our Act) applied to accessories
to fraudulent breaches of trust (_Statek_ at [114]–[125]). This observation in
effect subjects a dishonest assistant in an innocent breach of trust to a
different limitation regime from that which applies where the breach of trust
is fraudulent, _ie_ , the very anomaly identified in _Charles Mitchell_.
Evans-Lombe J’s criticism of _Cattley_ was however difficult to follow since
the claim in _Dubai Aluminium_ clearly related to dishonest assistance to a
fraudulent misappropriation of company funds, which was subject to the
limitation defence (see _Dubai Aluminium_ at [85], [87], [141] and [143]),
_ie_ , falling outside the ambit of s 21(1)(a) of the 1980 UK Act.

87 _Statek_ must now be viewed in light of _Peconic_ , where the Hong Kong
Court of Final Appeal firmly held that dishonest assistants are allowed to
plead the limitation defence. See _Peconic_ at [24]. The bank in _Peconic_ was
fraudulently induced by one Chio to invest in a land speculation deal through
a joint venture company (Peconic), of which Chio became a director and 25
percent shareholder in 1991. The land was purchased at HK$515 million,
although the immediate vendor, which Chio beneficially owned, only bought it
for HK$151 million. Chio made a fortune of HK$350 million in the meantime. In
2002, the bank sued a solicitor (Lau) who had allegedly assisted Chio in the
fraudulent breach of his fiduciary duties to Peconic. The Hong Kong Court of
Final Appeal had to deal with the issue of whether dishonest assistants fell
within s 20 of the Hong Kong Limitation Ordinance, which is _in pari_
_materia_ with s 22 of our Act, such that Lau was precluded from raising the
limitation defence. Referring to Class 1 constructive trustees as
“fiduciaries”, to whom the limitation defence is denied, and Class 2
constructive trustees as “non-fiduciaries”, including dishonest assistants who
may plead the limitation defence, Lord Hoffmann, sitting in the Hong Kong
Court of Final Appeal, held that (_Peconic_ at [23]–[24]):

[N]on-fiduciaries do not come within the definition of trustees in [s 22 of
the Act]. It is necessary however to deal with a different submission, which
is that...one category of non-fiduciaries, namely, persons who dishonestly
assist a trustee in a fraudulent breach of trust, should be treated in the
same way as the trustee and not allowed a limitation defence.

This argument has the high authority of some dicta...in _Soar v Ashwell_
[1893] 2 QB 390. These remarks have been subjected to minute analysis in the
cases and academic writings but I am willing to accept that they support the
proposition that dishonest assisters cannot rely on a limitation defence.
Nevertheless, I think that they are wrong in principle and unsupported by
authority. _The principle is not that the limitation defence is denied to
people who were dishonest...The principle is that the limitation period is
denied to fiduciaries.__But dishonest assisters are not fiduciaries.__It might
be surprising, as Millett LJ said in the Paragon Finance case (at p.414), if a
person primarily liable was entitled to plead the Limitation Act when someone
who assisted him could not.__But there seems no reason in fairness or logic
why the reverse should not be true.__And in any case, Royal Brunei Airlines
Sdn_ _Bhd v Tan [1995] 2 AC 378 shows that the liability of a dishonest
assister is independent of the dishonesty of the trustee or other fiduciary._
[Counsel for the bank] placed some reliance upon Millett LJ’s observation that
“a principled system of limitation would also treat a claim against an
accessory as barred when the claim against the principal was barred and not
before”...That showed, he said, that if the fraudulent trustee is never
entitled to plead limitation, the dishonest assister should not be entitled to
do so. _But I do not think Millett LJ could have meant this, which would be
contrary to most of his reasoning and to his subsequent clear statement in
Dubai Aluminium Co Ltd v Salaam [2003] 2 AC 366, 404 that a dishonest assister
is not a fiduciary and can plead the Limitation Act._

[emphasis added]

Knowing Recipient

88 The fact that a “constructive trust” imposed on the knowing recipient
arises by virtue of the relevant wrong also situates such claims within Class
2. Notwithstanding the weight of authority to the contrary, Mr Foo argued that
Mdm Lim’s liability falls squarely within s 22(1)(b) of the Act because she
currently holds the misappropriated monies in her possession.[note: 76] This
argument may however be said to have been foreclosed following _Taylor_ (at p
653), which clearly determined that “trust property” in the Ontario equivalent
to s 22(1)(b) of our Act refers “not to a case where a person having taken
possession of property on his own behalf, is liable to be declared a trustee
by the Court; but rather to a case where he originally took possession upon
trust for or on behalf of others”.

89 While it is clear that knowing receipt claims do not fall within s 22(1)(b)
of the Act, can it nevertheless be brought within s 22(1)(a)? In _G L Baker
Ltd v Medway Building and Supplies Ltd_ [1958] 1 WLR 1216 (“ _Baker_ ”),
Danckwerts J, whose judgment was discharged by the Court of Appeal on a
separate ground, observed, albeit tentatively, that s 19(1)(a) of the 1939 UK
Act (_in pari_ _materia_ with s 22(1)(a) of our Act) applied to third parties
who innocently received monies traceable to fraudulent breach of trust, such
that there was no time bar. _Baker_ involved a claim by a company (Baker) to
recover money entrusted to its auditor (Titley) who fraudulently paid some of
it to a company of which he was a director (Medway). When judgment against
Titley remained unsatisfied, Baker claimed from Medway repayment of the said
sum. Danckwerts J held (at p 1221–1222) that:

This Act is one which I understand was drafted by a very eminent Chancery
lawyer, but none the less it is one which gives considerable difficulties of
interpretation whenever the court is concerned with its application...[_s
22(1)(a) of the Act] does not in terms refer to actions against trustees, but
the words used are “in respect of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust to
which the trustee was a party or privy.” It seems to me that the words “in
respect of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust” may be capable of
referring to a case where the action of the plaintiffs is based upon the fact
that their moneys were fraudulently paid away and have reached the hands of an
innocent party. That is a possible construction, but whether or not it is the
right one is not at all clear_...I am bound to say that I think that the words
“in respect of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust” are wide enough to
cover the present case...It is because they received that payment by virtue of
Titley's fraudulent breach of trust that the plaintiff company is able to
bring this action against them. Consequently, so far as those words are
concerned, the provision seems to me wide enough.

[emphasis added]

90 Like Mr Foo’s argument in relation to s 22(1)(b) of the Act (at [88]), any
argument in reliance on Danckwerts J’s tentative suggestion, which was
unsupported by authority and which ran counter to the _Paragon Finance_ and
_Dubai Aluminium_ line of cases (_Cattley_ at p 338), is now foreclosed,
following _Peconic_ , where Lord Hoffmann NPJ held (at [25]) that:

It is true that in certain contexts the words “in respect of” may have a very
wide meaning and _the possibility of such a meaning being given to the words
in s.20 was tentatively considered by Danckwerts J in G L Baker Ltd v. Medway
Building and Supplies Ltd_ [1958] 1 WLR 1216, 1222. But I think that in the
context of s.20 of the Ordinance it simply means that the beneficiary must be
claiming against the trustee on the ground that he has committed a fraudulent
breach of trust. _If it had been intended to include claims against dishonest
assisters or other non-fiduciaries on the ground that they were accessories to
the breach of trust, the language would have been a good deal clearer_.

[emphasis added]

91 In oral closing submissions, Mr Foo also relied on certain remarks made by
Millett J (as he then was) in _Agip (Africa) Ltd v Jackson and ors_ [1989] 3
WLR 1367 (Ch) (“ _Agip_ ”) as being suggestive of the fact that there are
different categories of knowing recipients, some of whom should be disentitled
from relying on the limitation defence. Millett J held (_Agip_ at pp
1387–1388) that:

Knowing receipt

In _Baden, Delvaux and Lecuit v. Société General pour Favoriser le
Développement_ _du Commerce et de l'Industrie en France SA_ [1983] BCLC 325,
403, Peter Gibson J. said:

"It is clear that a stranger to a trust may make himself accountable to the
beneficiaries under the trust in certain circumstances. The two main
categories of circumstances have been given the convenient labels...'knowing
receipt or dealing' and 'knowing assistance'. The first category of 'knowing
receipt or dealing' is described in Snell...as follows: 'A person receiving
property which is subject to a trust...becomes a constructive trustee if he
falls within either of two heads, namely: (i) that he received trust property
with actual or constructive notice that it was trust property and that the
transfer to him was a breach of trust; or (ii) that although he received it
without notice of the trust, he was not a bona fide purchaser for value
without notice of the trust, and yet, after he had subsequently acquired
notice of the trust, he dealt with the property in a manner inconsistent with
the trust.' _I admit to doubt as to whether the bounds of this category might
not be drawn too narrowly in Snell. For example, why should a person who,
having received trust property knowing it to be such but without notice of a
breach of trust because there was none, subsequently deals with the property
in a manner inconsistent with the trust not be a constructive trustee within
the 'knowing receipt or dealing' category?"_

I respectfully agree..._Without attempting an exhaustive classification, it is
necessary to distinguish between two main classes of case under this heading_.
_The first is concerned with the person who receives for his own benefit trust
property transferred to him in breach of trust._ He is liable as a
constructive trustee if he received it with notice, actual or constructive,
that it was trust property and that the transfer to him was a breach of trust;
or if he received it without such notice but subsequently discovered the
facts. In either case he is liable to account for the property, in the first
case as from the time he received the property, and in the second as from the
time he acquired notice.

_The second and, in my judgment, distinct class of case is that of the person,
usually an agent of the trustees, who receives the trust property lawfully and
not for his own benefit but who then either misappropriates it or otherwise
deals with it in a manner which is inconsistent with the trust._ He is liable
to account as a constructive trustee if he received the property knowing it to
be such, though he will not necessarily be required in all circumstances to
have known the exact terms of the trust...The essential feature of the first
class is that the recipient must have received the property for his own use
and benefit. This is why neither the paying nor the collecting bank can
normally be brought within it. In paying or collecting money for a customer
the bank acts only as his agent. It is otherwise, however, if the collecting
bank uses the money to reduce or discharge the customer's overdraft. In doing
so it receives the money for its own benefit...

[emphasis added]

92 Although Gibson J, in the passage endorsed by Millett J, does seem to
suggest that there could be several classes of knowing receipt, depending on
the quality of knowledge/notice on the part of the recipient, the distinction
Millett J drew “between two classes of case under this heading” seems to
mirror the distinction between the two _general_ classes of constructive
trusts, which he later set out more clearly in _Paragon Finance._ In any case,
this passage from _Agip_ , which Mr Foo relied on, did not concern the defence
of limitation, and it is unclear on its face, how the sub-categories of
knowing recipients should differ in respect of the availability of the
limitation defence. No other authority was cited to me to this effect.

93 Given the persuasive authority in favour of the position that knowing
recipients, like dishonest assistants, are Class 2 constructive trustees, I am
of the view that Panweld’s claim against Mdm Lim falls outside s 22(1) of the
Act, and is consequently partially time barred.

Section 22(2) of the Act

94 It remains to be considered whether the limitation defence in relation to
dishonest assistance and knowing receipt claims is rooted in s 22(2) of the
Act. Although Sheldon QC in _Cattley_ (at [92]) seemed to accept that claims
against dishonest assistants were governed by s 21(3) of the 1980 UK Act,
which is similar to s 22(2) of our Act, his reliance on _Gwembe Valley_ on
this point might not be entirely accurate as the relevant discussion in
_Gwembe Valley_ concerned claims against _fiduciaries_ (_Gwembe Valley_ at
[111]):

Fiduciary duties and limitation – summary

111\. In the light of those cases, in our view, _it is possible to simplify
the court’s task when considering the application of the 1980 Act to claims
against fiduciaries._ The starting assumption should be that a six year
limitation period will apply – under one or other provision of the Act,
applied directly or by analogy – unless it is specifically excluded by the Act
or established case-law. Personal claims against fiduciaries will normally be
subject to limits by analogy with claims in tort or contract (1980 Act s 2, 5;
see Seguros). _By contrast, claims for breach of fiduciary duty, in the
special sense explained in Mothew, will normally be covered by section 21. The
six-year time-limit under section 21(3), will apply, directly or by analogy,
unless excluded by subsection 21(1)(a) (fraud) or (b) (Class 1 trust)_ [.]

[emphasis added]

95 For consistency, “trust” under s 22(1) must mean the same thing under s
22(2). Consequently, while s 22(2) of the Act applies to trustees who parted
with trust property negligently or innocently (see Oughton, Lowry & Merkin,
_Limitation of Actions_ (LLP, 1998) at p 375 and Choong Yeow Choy, _Law of
Limitation_ (Butterworths Asia, 1995) at [2.13.3]) it does _not_ apply to
strangers to the trust such as Class 2 constructive trustees. Support for this
may be drawn from JJ. _Harrison_ at pp 754 – 755, where it was observed that:

The answer to the question whether s. 21(3) of the 1980 Act has any
application to the present case...is provided by Millett LJ's historical
analysis in _Paragon Finance plc v Thakerar & Co_ [1999] 1 All ER 400...:

‘...It was evidently considered unduly harsh that trustees should remain
liable indefinitely for innocent breaches of trust when even common law
actions for fraud were barred after six years and s. 8 of the 1888 Act
introduced a period of limitation (effectively six years) for such claims. Its
purpose was to provide protection for trustees who would otherwise be liable
without limitation of time (laches and acquiescence apart) where the breach of
trust was committed innocently; see _Re Richardson, Pole v Pattenden_ [1920] 1
Ch 423 at p. 440...’

The position, therefore is that, _since the coming into operation of s. 8 of
the Trustees Act 1888, express trustees and constructive trustees within
Millett_ _LJ's first category have been able to rely upon the limitation
period now prescribed by s. 21(3) of the 1980 Act_ , subject to the saving
provisions now contained in s. 21(1) of that Act.

[emphasis added]

Conclusion

96 As the claim against Mr Yong falls within s 22(1) of the Act, no limitation
period applies. Mr Yong is therefore a constructive trustee of the full
measure of the monies misapplied. As Mdm Lim is entitled to raise the six-year
limitation defence under s 6(7) of the Act, the amount recoverable against her
would be capped at $338,410 instead of $873,959.20. The result may appear
anomalous in that the principal wrongdoer, Mr Yong, is not able to plead
limitation while his accessory, Mdm Lim, is able to do so. However, it has
also been said that it would be anomalous for an accessory (who is not a
trustee) not to be entitled to plead limitation when a non-trustee who has
committed a fraud is entitled to do so. Ultimately, the outcome is merely a
function of the court’s interpretation of whether Class 2 constructive
trustees, either as knowing recipients or dishonest assistants, fall within
the definition of “trustees” in s 22(1) of the Act. Sound judicial reasoning
from established case law dictates that they do not because they are, in
truth, not really trustees. There is no reason why knowing recipients and
dishonest assistants should be treated differently. In the words of Lord
Millet in _Paragon Finance_ at p 409, they are “ _unfortunately described”_ as
constructive trustees. In truth, they are “ _constructively treated, by a
legal fiction_ ” as though they are trustees by their participation in the
breach of trust by the principal wrongdoer. See _Charles Mitchell_ at p 229.

97 Mr Yong is therefore liable to Panweld for the full salary claim of
$873,959.20, while Mdm Lim is only jointly liable to the extent of $338,410
together with interest at 5.33 percent per annum on the respective judgment
sums from 12 February 2010 till the date of judgment. As agreed, costs of the
four settled claims shall follow the event of the salary claim. However as Mdm
Lim has succeeded on the limitation defence, I shall order one set of costs at
80 percent of the entire action to be paid by Mr Yong to Panweld to be taxed
if not agreed and that Mdm Lim is jointly liable to the extent of 30 percent
for such costs. As I have noted at [7] that the third party action is without
merit, it is dismissed with costs to be taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]AEIC of 1st Defendant (15 September 2011) at [113], NE, 8 November
2011, at p 14 lines 8 – 11 (Cross Examination of 1st Defendant, Yong Kheng
Leong)

[note: 2]AEIC of 1st Defendant (15 September 2011) at [3(a)], [113].

[note: 3]Defendant’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at p 159.

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (12 February 2010) at [24],
Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [38], Defendant’s
Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [8].

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [39] – [42].

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [34], [107].

[note: 7]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [34] – [35].

[note: 8]Defence (Am.No.4) (21 December 2011) at [21], Defendant’s Closing
Submissions (20 December 2011) at pp 82 – 85, AEIC of 2nd Defendant (23 August
2011) at [13] – [15].

[note: 9]Defendant’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at pp 7, 82 – 85,
AEIC of 2nd Defendant (23 August 2011) at [2] – [4].

[note: 10]AEIC of 2nd Defendant (23 August 2011) at [5].

[note: 11]Defence (11 March 2010) at [21(a)].

[note: 12]Defence (11 March 2010) at [21(b)].

[note: 13]Defence (Am.No.2) (13 April 2011) at [21(b)].

[note: 14]Plaintiff’s Reply (25 May 2010) at [15].

[note: 15]Defence (Am.No.3) (26 May 2011) at [21(a)].

[note: 16]Defence (Am.No.3) (26 May 2011) at [21(b)].

[note: 17]AEIC of Loh Yong Lim (16 September 2011) at [87] – [89].

[note: 18]AEIC of Loh Yong Lim (16 September 2011) at [13].

[note: 19]Defendant’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at pp 147 – 151.

[note: 20]AEIC of 2nd Defendant (23 August 2011) at [2] – [3].

[note: 21]AEIC of 2nd Defendant (23 August 2011) at [4].

[note: 22]NE, 4 November 2011, at pp 45 – 47 (Cross Examination of 2nd
Defendant, Lim Ai Cheng).

[note: 23]NE, 4 November 2011, at p 48 lines 10 – 18 (Cross Examination of 2nd
Defendant, Lim Ai Cheng).

[note: 24]NE, 4 November 2011, at p 48 line 19 – p 49 line 25 (Cross
Examination of 2nd Defendant, Lim Ai Cheng).

[note: 25]AEIC of Quek Siew Ping (16 September 2011) at [15] – [16], NE, 31
October 2011 at p 23 (Cross Examination of Quek Siew Ping), AEIC of Choong Shu
Fong (16 September 2011) at [49].

[note: 26]NE, 4 November 2011, at p 51 line 4 – p 53 line 23 (Cross
Examination of 2nd Defendant, Lim Ai Cheng).

[note: 27]NE, 4 November 2011, at p 54 (Cross Examination of 2nd Defendant,
Lim Ai Cheng).

[note: 28]NE, 4 November 2011, at p 70 lines 5 – 21 (Re-Examination of 2nd
Defendant, Lim Ai Cheng).

[note: 29]NE, 2 November 2011, at p 22 line 12 to p 23 line 8 (Cross-
Examination of Sunny Ong).

[note: 30]NE, 4 November 2011, at p 71 lines 1 – 8 (Re-Examination of 2nd
Defendant, Lim Ai Cheng).

[note: 31]NE, 4 November 2011, at pp 68 – 70 (Re-Examination of 2nd Defendant,
Lim Ai Cheng).

[note: 32]NE, 4 November 2011, at p 69 line 18 (Re-Examination of 2nd
Defendant, Lim Ai Cheng).

[note: 33]NE, 8 November 2011, at p 73 line 22 – p 74 line 3 (Cross
Examination of 1st Defendant, Yong Kheng Leong).

[note: 34]AEIC of 2nd Defendant (23rd August 2011) at [2].

[note: 35]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [45].

[note: 36]AEIC of 1st Defendant (15 September 2011) at [59] – [62].

[note: 37]AEIC of 2nd Defendant (23 August 2011) at [7].

[note: 38]NE, 4 November 2011, at pp 60 – 61 (Cross Examination of 2nd
Defendant, Lim Ai Cheng).

[note: 39]NE, 8 November 2011, at pp 98 – 99 (Cross Examination of 1st
Defendant, Yong Kheng Leong).

[note: 40]AEIC of 1st Defendant (15 September 2011) at [39].

[note: 41]NE, 8 November 2011, at p 101 line 4 – p 103 line 5 (Cross
Examination of 1st Defendant, Yong Kheng Leong).

[note: 42]NE, 8 November 2011, at p 100 line 17 – p 101 line 3 (Cross
Examination of 1st Defendant, Yong Kheng Leong).

[note: 43]NE, 8 November 2011, at p 103 lines 6 – 20 (Cross Examination of 1st
Defendant, Yong Kheng Leong).

[note: 44]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [58] – [61].

[note: 45]Defendant’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at pp 83 – 85.

[note: 46]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [66].

[note: 47]NE, 9 November 2011, at pp 1 – 15 (Cross Examination of 1st
Defendant, Yong Kheng Leong).

[note: 48]NE, 9 November 2011, at p 15 lines 4 – 7 (Cross Examination of 1st
Defendant, Yong Kheng Leong).

[note: 49]NE, 9 November 2011, at p 15 lines 8 – 19 (Cross Examination of 1st
Defendant, Yong Kheng Leong).

[note: 50]AEIC of Loh Yong Lim (16 September 2011) at [20].

[note: 51]Defendant’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at p 79.

[note: 52]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [35], [37],
[51], [73] – [77], [206] – [207].

[note: 53]NE, 8 November 2011, at p 87 line 17 – p 88 line 12 (Cross
Examination of 1st Defendant, Yong Kheng Leong).

[note: 54]NE, 8 November 2011, at p 89 lines 8 – 24 (Cross Examination of 1st
Defendant, Yong Kheng Leong).

[note: 55]NE, 8 November 2011, at p 76 line 19 – p 81 line 14 (Cross
Examination of 1st Defendant, Yong Kheng Leong)

[note: 56]Defendant’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at pp 47 – 82.

[note: 57]NE, 28 October 2011, at p 56 lines 5 – 25 (Cross-examination of
Choong Shu Fong), AEIC of Quek Siew Ping (16 September 2011) at [20].

[note: 58]AEIC of Loh Sook Min (16 September 2011) at [5] – [7], AEIC of Lim
Siew Juat (16 September 2011) at [5] – [6].

[note: 59]NE, 8 November 2011, at p 58 lines 5 – 25 (Cross-examination of 1st
Defendant, Yong Kheng Leong).

[note: 60]NE, 31 October 2011, at p 30 lines 7 – 22 (Cross-examination of Quek
Siew Ping).

[note: 61]NE, 1 November 2011, at p 74 line 6 – p 75 line 24 (Re-examination
of Quek Siew Ping).

[note: 62]Defendant’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at p 83.

[note: 63]AEIC of Quek Siew Ping (16 September 2011) at [54].

[note: 64]NE, 27 October 2011, at p 59 line 15 (Cross-examination of Loh Yong
Lim).

[note: 65]Defence’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at p 147.

[note: 66]Defence & Counterclaim (Am.No.4) (21 December 2011) at [22].

[note: 67]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [249].

[note: 68]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [236(a)],
[244] – [246].

[note: 69]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [279] – [283].

[note: 70]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [284] – [290].

[note: 71]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [276].

[note: 72]Defendant’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at pp 133, 135.

[note: 73]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [277].

[note: 74]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [267].

[note: 75]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [266] – [267].

[note: 76]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (20 December 2011) at [262].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

