Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Henan Province Construction Group Corp Ltd (Singapore Branch) (formerly
trading as Henan Province Construction Corp (Singapore Branch)) and another
_v_ Evanbuild Engineering Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 231

Case Number| :| District Court Suit No 3636 of 2011(Registrar's Appeal from
the Subordinate Courts No 175 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 November 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Raj Singh Shergill (Lee Shergill LLP) for the first and
second plaintiffs; Tan Lam Siong (Temple Counsel LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Henan Province Construction Group Corp Ltd (Singapore Branch)
(formerly trading as Henan Province Construction Corp (Singapore Branch)) and
another — Evanbuild Engineering Pte Ltd  
  
19 November 2012|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The first plaintiff is the branch office of a foreign company in Singapore.
The second plaintiff is a Singapore company. The two plaintiffs are carrying
on the business of labour supply. The defendant is a Singapore company
carrying on the business of building construction. Sometime in 2006 the
defendant had a building project at Pandan Road. It contracted with the second
plaintiff for the supply of labour. The second plaintiff, in turn, contracted
with the first plaintiff and obtained two workers who were then contracted to
the defendant. One of the two workers, Chai Cheng Lei (“Chai”), was injured in
the course of working for the defendant at its Pandan Road project. Chai sued
the first plaintiff in DC Suit 4211 of 2007 (“DC Suit 4211”) for damages. He
did not sue the second plaintiff or the defendant. The insurance company MSIG
Insurance (S) Pte Ltd was named as third party.

2 The first plaintiff, as defendant in DC Suit 4211 did not plead contributory
negligence, and on 22 May 2009, District Judge Kathryn-Low gave judgment to
Chai against the first plaintiff for 100%. Damages were then assessed and on 9
June 2010, final judgment was entered against the first plaintiff in the sum
of $101,859.85 plus interest at $2,559.70 and costs fixed at $27,820. The
first plaintiff’s appeal against the damages awarded was dismissed on 26
August 2010.

3 The first plaintiff now, jointly with the second plaintiff, sued the
defendant in this action (DC Suit 3636 of 2011) for an indemnity or a
contribution (under the Civil Law Act, Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) of the damages
that the first plaintiff had been ordered to pay to Chai. The present matter
before me was an appeal by the first and second plaintiffs against the
dismissal of their application to amend the Statement of Claim in DC Suit 3636
of 2011. Before me, Mr Raj Singh Shergill (“Mr Raj”) appeared on behalf of the
plaintiffs and explained that he had taken over the matter from the
plaintiffs’ previous solicitor Mr Leonard Loo (“Mr Loo”). Counsel also
explained that the plaintiffs were compelled to sue the defendant because it
transpired that the insurance policy for the first plaintiff did not cover the
first plaintiff’s liability in DC Suit 4211.

4 The plaintiffs were now also compelled to amend the Statement of Claim to
assert a claim for relief for the second plaintiff because there was virtually
no claim by the second plaintiff in the statement of claim (though it was
named a plaintiff) against the defendant. Mr Raj explained that the second
plaintiff had paid the judgment sum on behalf of the first plaintiff so any
contribution or indemnity by the defendant should be paid to the second
plaintiff. The other amendments sought were not pleadings but evidence and the
plaintiffs’ appeal in that respect failed on that ground. Insofar as the
application was to amend the claim so as to enable the second plaintiff to
claim relief, the court below dismissed the plaintiffs’ application on the
ground of abuse of process. After hearing Mr Tan Lam Siong for the defendant
and Mr Raj’s explanation, I dismissed the present application (without
prejudice to the trial judge’s discretion to allow any amendments at trial if
it should go that far).

5 It will be obvious to any reasonable lawyer from the narrative above that
the defendant ought to have been made a party at the trial of DC Suit 4211. It
was then disclosed to me that Mr Loo, the first plaintiff’s lawyer applied,
_ex parte_ , for leave to issue a third party notice against the second
plaintiff only after judgment had been handed down by the trial judge. It was
not clear who appeared for the second plaintiff, but Mr Raj conceded that the
first and second plaintiffs were and still are very closely connected. Indeed,
he appeared for both plaintiffs as had Mr Loo. Having being served with the
third party notice, the second plaintiff, instead of objecting, entered
appearance and through Mr Loo, applied again, _ex parte_ , for a fourth party
notice to be issued against the defendant. Only after it was served did the
defendant realise that there was an action by Chai. It also discovered that
the action was already heard and judgment had been entered. The defendant then
applied to strike out the second plaintiff’s fourth party notice. That
application was granted and, consequently, the plaintiffs commenced this
action against the defendant.

6 It is not known whether the first and second plaintiffs acted in concert
throughout or that this was a matter in which their solicitor acted to rectify
his own error in not proceeding against the defendant sooner. Having embarked
on a fresh action in such circumstances, it behoved the plaintiffs to get it
right. They did not, though Mr Raj demurred that he was not the solicitor in
charge at the start. It is thus not right for the plaintiffs to proceed with
the present application for an amendment of the statement of claim. The full
story may emerge if Mr Loo testifies, but according to Mr Raj, Mr Loo cannot
be contacted. That is no fault of the defendant and all the more reason why it
should not be drawn into litigation hindered by so many events that have
passed with neither their knowledge nor control. If the plaintiffs are truly
blameless, they may have recourse elsewhere.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Nov 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

