Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sembcorp Marine Ltd _v_ Aurol Anthony Sabastian  
[2012] SGHC 195

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 465 of 2011/E (Summons No 1622 of
2012/M)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 September 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Davinder Singh SC, Pardeep Singh Khosa, and Vishal Harnal
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the applicant; George Lim SC and Foo Say Tun (Wee, Tay
& Lim LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Sembcorp Marine Ltd — Aurol Anthony Sabastian  
  
28 September 2012|  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 This judgment follows upon my earlier judgment, _Sembcorp_ _Marine Ltd v
Anthony Sabastian_ _Aurol_ [2012] 2 SLR 645 where, upon an application for
committal for contempt of court by the applicant Sembcorp Marine Ltd (“SCM”),
I found the respondent, Mr Anthony Sabastian Aurol (“Mr Aurol”) guilty of and
duly convicted him for contempt of court on 19 March 2012. I found that Mr
Aurol had knowingly and cynically breached an order of court (“the Sealing
Order”) to keep the Summons for sealing (“the Summons”) and the supporting
affidavit (“Wong’s 5th Affidavit”) sealed in the interim until the Court could
finally decide whether to seal another affidavit (“Wong’s 4th Affidavit”)
filed in Suit No. 315 of 2010 (“the Main Suit”).

2 After I gave judgment, but before I heard the parties on sentence, Mr Aurol
applied for (i) leave to adduce further evidence and (ii) leave to make
further argument on a point of law, _viz_ , that the interim sealing order was
different from and was not a non-disclosure order.

3 I heard the applications in chambers on 24 April 2012 and reserved judgment.
I gave my decision on 11 May 2012, disallowing the application for leave to
adduce further evidence but allowing the application to make further arguments
under s 28B, Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2005 Rev Ed). I heard
the parties in open court on 23 May 2012 and after hearing the further
arguments, I was not persuaded to change my mind. I confirmed the conviction
and proceeded to hear counsel on sentence and Mr Aurol’s mitigation. I then
reserved judgment on sentence.

4 Mr Aurol has appealed against my decision finding him guilty of contempt of
court in Civil Appeal No 66 of 2012. Mr Aurol has also appealed against my
dismissal of his application to adduce further evidence in Civil Appeal No 71
of 2012.

5 On 28 September 2012, I sentenced Mr Aurol to 5 days in prison for his
contempt of court but in view of the pending appeals, stayed my order until
the Court of Appeal dealt with the same.

6 This judgment sets out:

(a) my reasons for disallowing Mr Aurol’s application to adduce further
evidence;

(b) why I was not persuaded by the further arguments on the question of law;
and

(c) my reasons on sentence pursuant to the conviction of Mr Aurol for contempt
of court

in an endeavour to allow all matters to be dealt with by the Court of Appeal.

The application to admit further evidence

The application

7 Mr Aurol’s application was for leave to call Mr Conrad Jayaraj (“Mr Raj”),
the journalist from the TODAY Newspaper (“TODAY”), to take the stand, give
evidence and be offered for cross-examination. In Mr Aurol’s Affidavit filed
on 2 April 2012 (“the Affidavit”) in support of his application, Mr Aurol
deposes that Mr Raj will give evidence that:

(a) Mr Aurol never asked Mr Raj to keep his identity confidential when they
spoke on the telephone on 9 or 10 December 2010;

(b) It was Mr Raj who telephoned Mr Aurol on 9 or 10 December 2010 and not the
other way around; and

(c) Mr Aurol never asked Mr Raj to write the article that Mr Raj did on 14
December 2010 entitled “SembMarine Boss Rushes To Stop Affidavit Leak” (“the
Article”).

8 The Affidavit also exhibited an email from Mr Aurol to Mr Raj dated 30 March
2012 at 10.01 am, a reply from Mr Raj to Mr Aurol on 30 March 2012 at 11.02
am, and a draft affidavit by Mr Raj which was neither signed nor affirmed.
During oral argument, counsel for Mr Aurol, Mr George Lim SC, urged upon me
that Mr Raj would be able to give evidence that the email forwarding the
Summons and Wong’s 5th Affidavit was innocuous, notwithstanding that Mr Raj no
longer had this email in his possession.

The applicable test to allow further evidence

9 The conditions for admitting further evidence after a matter has been
concluded is set out in the well known case of _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR
1489 (“ _Ladd v Marshall_ ”), _viz_ :

(a) it must be shown that the evidence could not have been obtained with
reasonable diligence for use at the trial;

(b) the evidence must be such that, if given, it would probably have an
important influence on the result of the case, though it need not be decisive;
and

(c) the evidence must be such as is presumably to be believed, or, in other
words, it must be apparently credible though it need not be incontrovertible.

10 Mr Lim SC submits that the conditions in _Ladd v Marshall_ does not apply
to criminal or quasi-criminal cases where a different standard applies. He
submits that even in civil cases, before the order is extracted, it can be
amended and in this case, the sentence, which signals finality in the
proceedings, has not been passed. The court has the power and broad discretion
to allow further evidence if it is in the interests of justice. There is more
flexibility in criminal cases.

11 The position in Singapore is clear. The Court of Appeal in _Juma’at bin
Samad v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 327 (“ _Juma’at bin Samad_ ”)
applied the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions in deciding whether to admit
additional evidence in the criminal context. In so doing, the court _rejected_
the UK approach laid out in s 23(1) of the UK Criminal Appeal Act 1968, which
does _not_ apply the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions in the criminal context.
Instead, it found (_Juma’at bin Samad_ at [14]) that the broad question of
what evidence would be “necessary” in the interests of justice could be
answered by reference to the three conditions of non-availability, relevance
and reliability, _ie_ , the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions. The court gave some
scope (_Juma’at bin Samad_ at [37]) for allowing further arguments where the
conditions may not be satisfied, but limited these situations to:

… _isolated_ instances… in an effort to correct glaring injustice… warranted
only by the _most extenuating circumstances_ , which may include the fact that
the offence is a serious one attracting grave consequences and the fact that
the additional evidence sought to be adduced was highly cogent and pertinent
and the strength of which rendered the conviction unsafe.

[emphasis added]

12 I accept that this is a quasi-criminal case. However, it is clear that any
departure from the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions can only take place once they
have been applied, and where exceptional circumstances arise which excuse
some, but not all, of these conditions. _Juma’at bin Samad_ is not authority,
as Mr Lim SC contends, for applying a general test of what is necessary in the
interests of justice in deciding whether further evidence should be admitted.
Mr Lim SC did not argue that this is such an exceptional case. Neither is
there any support for that proposition. Having said that, as this is a
contempt of court case, I was prepared to approach the application of the
_Ladd v Marshall_ conditions with some flexibility; I bore in mind that I was
dealing with a serious matter where confidence in the administration of
justice needs to be maintained, and which may attract the serious sanction of
deprivation of liberty.

Non-availability of evidence

13 It is clear from the Affidavit that no attempt was made to obtain Mr Raj’s
evidence prior to the hearing on 13 March 2012. The only explanation given by
Mr Aurol was that he had lost his trust in Mr Raj and could not be sure he
would tell the truth. In paragraph 5 of the Affidavit, Mr Aurol deposes that
when ‘SCM’ went to court for an order that TODAY divulges its source for the
article, Mr Aurol was upset with Mr Raj for affirming an affidavit stating
that Mr Aurol had told Mr Raj to keep his identity confidential when Mr Aurol
did no such thing.

14 I find this difficult to accept. If Mr Aurol was upset, why did he not come
forward and say openly that he was the source and that he never asked Mr Raj
to keep his identity confidential? I find it inconsistent for him to be upset
over that statement, yet take advantage of that statement in Mr Raj’s
affidavit whilst TODAY fought not to divulge its source, and only owning up
after Judith Prakash J affirmed the order in Originating Summons No 74 of 2011
ordering TODAY to disclose its source. Although I place little or no weight on
the unaffirmed draft affidavit of Mr Raj, paragraph 4 of that draft does say
that Mr Raj and Mr Aurol still talked to each other after Prakash J’s order:
“[a]lthough we still talked over the phone, the conversations were not as
friendly or candid as in the past...” If this is true, then there is even less
of an excuse for not having contacted Mr Raj earlier.

15 Although I have some sympathy for Mr Lim SC’s submission that it would have
been unwise to subpoena Mr Raj at the 13th February hearing because his
evidence might be inimical to Mr Aurol’s case, I note that neither Mr Aurol
nor his advisers even tried to contact Mr Raj to at least put their factual
points across to him to see what he would say or if he would come forward to
confirm those facts or give some other form of limited confirmation. The
potential hostility of a witness is not an acceptable excuse for non-
fulfilment of the first condition (_viz_ , that the evidence could not have
been obtained with reasonable diligence for use at trial) when _no effort at
all_ was made to contact the witness, Mr Raj. If Mr Aurol appreciated the
importance of Mr Raj’s evidence, and it was available to him before the
committal hearing, but chose not to do so for tactical reasons, then I see
little ground for showing flexibility in applying the first condition. That
would set an undesirable precedent. I should also mention that the Main Suit
had already started when the hearing of SCM’s application in this Originating
Summons first came up in July 2011. That hearing was adjourned by consent to a
date after the trial and submissions had been made. As noted above, the
application for committal for contempt only came on for hearing on 13 February
2012. There was more than ample time to contact Mr Raj during those
intervening months.

Relevance and important influence on the result of the case

16 I was also unable to accept that the evidence would probably have an
important influence on the result of the case. Mr Raj’s purported evidence,
even if I take it as true, does not answer some other very relevant facts that
led me to find Mr Aurol in contempt of court. This “new” evidence does not
answer the following:

(a) Mr Aurol’s breach of the Sealing Order (which was clear and unambiguous
and endorsed on the Summons itself) and his failure to offer any explanation
for that breach, other than saying that he “did not realise that it had been
sealed”;

(b) Mr Aurol’s inability to explain away Drew & Napier LLC’s letter of 6
December 2010 which he had admitted to reading before he sent the Summons and
Wong’s 5th Affidavit to Mr Raj;

(c) My findings at [57] and [58] of my earlier judgment on Mr Aurol’s ability
to understand legal matters of this nature;

(d) Mr Aurol’s failure to explain, or his inadequate “explanation”, of how he
could have misunderstood that it was Wong’s 4th, and not Wong’s 5th,
Affidavit, which was sealed;

(e) Mr Aurol’s non-production of his SingTel records, despite the fact that
they would have proved that he had called Mr Raj, and from which I drew an
adverse inference;

(f) Mr Aurol’s deletion of his email to Mr Raj, despite the fact that this was
an important part of his defence, and from which I also drew an adverse
inference;

(g) Mr Aurol’s informing Mr Raj of the contents of paragraph 21 of Wong’s 5th
Affidavit, (see [18] below).

(h) Mr Aurol’s lying low whilst SCM was trying to obtain the identity of the
“source” of the TODAY article, and only coming forward when he could no longer
conceal his identity; and

(i) The very carefully crafted letter by Mr Aurol’s lawyer, which was
calculated to avoid answering the adverse facts and circumstances, and his
insincere apology (see [71] – [74] of my earlier judgment).

17 Even if I were to ignore (e) and (f) above, the remaining factors will be
sufficient to prove the _mens_ _rea_ required for my finding Mr Aurol in
contempt of court.

18 Mr Lim SC submits that it is very important that Mr Aurol never asked Mr
Raj to write an article when he passed Mr Raj a copy of the Summons and Wong’s
5th Affidavit. This misses the point I made at [66] and [67] of my earlier
judgment. I found that Mr Aurol had attempted “to pique Mr Raj’s interest in
the affidavit” by deliberately referring Mr Raj to paragraph 21 of Wong’s 5th
Affidavit, knowing that Mr Raj had written articles about SCM in not too
flattering terms in the past, and intending to entice Mr Raj to write a
similarly unflattering article. I thus made the point that Mr Aurol had
embarked on this line of action with the intention that Mr Raj would write the
article, notwithstanding that this intention was never expressly articulated
to Mr Raj. As I said in [67] of my earlier judgment, one does not wave a red
cloth in front of a bull and expect it to ignore that instigation. Even if Mr
Raj had not told Mr Aurol that he would publish the article, Mr Raj has no
knowledge of Mr Aurol’s subjective state of mind and is unable to testify as
to Mr Aurol’s intention behind drawing his attention to the relevant paragraph
in the sealed affidavit in those circumstances. That finding would stand
whether or not Mr Aurol had asked Mr Raj to write an article.

19 Mr Aurol asserts that he “really had no intention to interfere in the
administration of justice”.[note: 1] Mr Lim SC also submitted that Mr Raj’s
evidence goes to intention.[note: 2] But the fact remains that Mr Raj cannot
testify as to Mr Aurol’s state of mind. These are things which are peculiarly
within the knowledge of Mr Aurol, and Mr Aurol could and should have raised
these points at the hearing.

20 This can clearly be seen from the following. I have already noted above
that Mr Aurol never explained his breach of the Sealing Order. Mr Aurol now
belatedly attempts to slip in an excuse, not raised before, through the
unaffirmed draft affidavit of Mr Raj at paragraph 7, where Mr Raj purportedly
tells a hesitant Mr Aurol that, in Mr Raj’s personal experience, the
application to seal, _ie_ , the Summons, was not normally sealed. However it
is noteworthy that nowhere in his Affidavit does Mr Aurol attempt to say, for
example, that he now remembers this fact after Mr Raj brought this up or that
was why he thought the Summons was not sealed when he sent it to Mr Raj.

21 Even if I accept that draft statement as true (and I have my doubts, as
noted at [14] and [26] of this judgment), the relevant question is whether Mr
Aurol relied on this statement and therefore thought that the Sealing Order
had not also been sealed. This is not something that Mr Raj can give evidence
on. I also find it implausible that Mr Aurol would not have raised this as
part of his defence in these proceedings if he had thought that the Summons
was not sealed because of certain statements Mr Raj had made.

The reliability and apparent credibility of the new evidence

22 On the one hand, I have to balance the fact that there does not seem to be
much reason for Mr Raj to lie, particularly given the risks that he would have
to take to be cross-examined. This is a fairly weighty element. Yet on the
other, I note three things.

23 First, Mr Raj does not say in his 30 March 2012 email in reply to Mr
Aurol’s long accusatory email, that he could offer himself for cross-
examination notwithstanding his employer’s lawyer’s advice not to affirm the
draft affidavit. Mr Raj’s email appears to have a tone of finality and
apology.

24 Secondly, Mr Aurol’s email of 30 March 2012 is a long narrative, accusatory
at parts and setting out a lot of “facts”. Mr Raj’s response email does not
comment upon or confirm any of these “facts” or accusations other than that he
called Mr Aurol on:

…that fateful day in Dec (10th i think) when I called you on the update on the
Sembmarine affair with your company.

25 This _prima facie_ goes towards establishing that it was Mr Raj who called
Mr Aurol. However, as noted above, that does not change the relevant findings
and the decision that I made.

26 Thirdly and very importantly, the unaffirmed draft affidavit is not
evidence I can rely on. I cannot ignore the fact that Mr Raj has consciously
chosen not to affirm that draft. It cannot be assumed that if Mr Raj is called
to the stand, he will give evidence as to what is stated in the draft. Whilst
not pivotal on its own, taken in the context of my observations and reasons
above, this becomes a very relevant factor against allowing the application.

27 Mr Aurol feels it is very important to establish, _inter alia_ , that he
never asked Mr Raj to keep his identity confidential. Yet, as I have pointed
out above and in my earlier judgment, his behaviour whilst TODAY fought two
rounds to prevent disclosure speaks for itself. Moreover, this would
contradict paragraphs 26 and 27 of Mr Raj’s clear affidavit evidence, which
was affirmed and filed on 23 February 2011 in OS 74 of 2011/E, where he
deposes in no uncertain terms as to the following:

26 Further, as a journalist, I am under a professional obligation of
confidentiality towards the identities of all my information sources,
_including the source_ which provided me with the Application to Seal and Mr
Wong’s 5th Affidavit. ...

27 The Application to Seal and Mr Wong’s 5th Affidavit were no exception. They
were provided to me _by my source on the basis that_ I would keep his/her
identity strictly confidential. [note: 3]

[emphasis added]

28 Mr Raj is an experienced journalist and language is a tool of his vocation.
I find it difficult to accept that he would have misunderstood the meaning of
or misused the phrase “on the basis that” when explaining why he refused to
disclose Mr Aurol’s identity. The statements set out above are unambiguous and
I find that their meaning could not have been lost on Mr Raj.

Decision on application to adduce further evidence

29 For the reasons set out above, even though I was prepared to exercise some
small measure of flexibility on the application of the _Ladd v Marshall_
conditions for the introduction of new evidence, I dismissed the application
by Mr Aurol for leave to call Mr Raj to give further evidence.

The application for further argument

The application

30 Mr Lim SC also applied for leave to submit further arguments. When I heard
counsel in chambers, Mr Lim SC informed me that the legal argument was that a
sealing order was very different from a non-disclosure order; the former was
not a “gag” order and a disclosure of the sealed documents did not breach the
interim sealing order. Counsel for SCM, Mr Davinder Singh SC objected and
pointed out that Mr Aurol’s letter making the application did not identify
this as a further argument. The Supreme Court Practice Directions, paragraphs
71(e) and (f), clearly require a party to set out the proposed further
arguments briefly, citing the authorities and including copies of the
authorities. Mr Lim SC also did not have any authorities with him and stated
he would produce them at a later date if I allowed further argument as he
thought that a later date would be fixed for full argument. Although Mr Singh
SC argued convincingly that there was no explanation why this could not be
made before, and that the breach of the Practice Directions should militate
against my considering Mr Lim SC’s arguments, as this was a quasi-criminal
case, I decided to allow further argument on the premise that this non-
compliance could be cured without causing prejudice to SCM. I directed Mr Lim
SC to file his written submissions with authorities by 15 May 2012 so that SCM
would know the argument they had to meet when the matter next came up for
hearing.

The further argument: sealing orders and “gag” orders

31 I heard further argument on this issue on 23 May 2012 and, after hearing
counsel, was not persuaded to change my decision. I now give my reasons.

32 Mr Lim SC submits that a sealing order is very different from a non-
disclosure or “gag” order. The former is an administrative order, which merely
prevents non-parties (or such other parties as ordered by the court) from
having access to the Court file. The “gag” order prohibits the disclosure of
information. Mr Lim SC cited various authorities, including _Brown v Executors
of the Estate of HM Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother & Ors_ [2008] 1 WLR 2327,
which explains what sealing means, and _The Report of the Committee of Super
Injunctions: Super Injunctions, Annonymised Injunctions and Open Justice_ and
_A-G v Guardian Newspapers Ltd & Ors_ [1987] 1 WLR 1248, which gives an
example of a non-disclosure order. The order sought by SCM was a sealing order
and it was limited in nature and effect. It did not prohibit disclosure of the
documents. There was no “gag” order prohibiting the parties to the main action
or anyone else from disclosing or publicising the Summons and Wong’s
5thAffidavit. There was therefore no breach by Mr Aurol of the Sealing Order.

33 Mr Lim SC raised the analogy of s 12(6) of the Adoption of Children Act
(Cap 4, 2012 Rev Ed). He argued that while this provision automatically sealed
an adopted child’s identity, a relative or friend who knew and told the child
that he had been adopted would not be guilty of contempt. With respect, I do
not see how this supports Mr Aurol’s case at all. There can be no contempt as
such information originated from another source, not the sealed register. As
Lord Nicholls said in _Attorney-General v Punch Ltd and anor_ [2003] 1 AC 1046
(“ _A-G v Punch_ ”) at 1059:

Disclosure of information which is already fully and clearly in the public
domain will not normally constitute contempt of court in the type of case now
under discussion. Contempt lies in knowingly subverting the court’s purpose in
making its interlocutory order by doing acts having some significant and
adverse effect on the administration of justice in the action in which the
order is made. If the third party publishes information which is already fully
and clearly in the public domain by reason of the acts of others, then the
third party’s act of publication does not have this effect.

34 Mr Lim SC’s submission is that the interim sealing order, not worded as a
“gag” order, had a limited purpose in preventing non-parties from inspecting
the Summons and Wong’s 5th Affidavit. It therefore did not prohibit the
disclosure or publication of the Summons and Wong’s 5th Affidavit;
consequently, its disclosure to Mr Raj could not have undermined the limited
purpose of the Sealing Order.

35 This is a submission which completely ignores the circumstances under which
the Sealing Order was made and confuses the terms of the order with the
purpose of the order. If Mr Aurol’s position was that the Sealing Order had a
limited effect and Mr Aurol was not prevented thereby from sending the Summons
and Wong’s 5th Affidavit to Mr Raj, one wonders why Mr Aurol lay low whilst
Mediacorp fought to prevent naming their source, and why Mr Aurol only
apologised to the court indirectly through his solicitors when he could no
longer stay anonymous. That apology must have been made under advice. One
wonders what Mr Aurol was apologising for if he did not frustrate the purpose
for which the Sealing Order was made.

36 As set out in [84] of my earlier judgment, the purpose of the Sealing Order
was clearly threefold:

(a) First, to avoid non-parties to the Main Suit, from becoming aware of the
fact that SCM had sought to seal Wong’s 4th Affidavit.

(b) Secondly, to avoid non-parties to the Main Suit from becoming aware of the
sensitive matters contained in Wong’s 5th Affidavit, including:

(i) the fact that the confidential policies of SCM were set out in Wong’s 4th
Affidavit which had already been filed in court; and

(ii) the manner in which the confidential policies could be deployed to the
detriment of SCM and its subsidiaries.

(c) Thirdly, and more importantly, the court’s interim order kept the Summons
and Wong’s 5th Affidavit sealed so that it could, upon hearing both parties,
decide whether or not it should seal Wong’s 5th Affidavit.

37 As I said in my earlier judgment, each one of these three purposes was
thwarted once Mr Raj published the Article in TODAY. Mr Aurol would not have
had knowledge of the existence or contents of Wong’s 5th Affidavit and the
application but for his involvement in the Main Suit. This is not knowledge in
the public domain but was knowledge derived entirely from the sealed
documents. When Mr Aurol disclosed the Summons and Wong’s 5th Affidavit to Mr
Raj, he was certainly making them available to a non-party. Mr Raj was only
able to publish the Article because Mr Aurol sent him the Summons and Wong’s
5th Affidavit. The public became immediately aware that SCM had sought to seal
Wong’s 4th Affidavit and that SCM’s confidential policies were contained in
Wong’s 4th Affidavit.

38 It is unarguable that the Sealing Order, the terms of which do not
explicitly prohibit disclosure, has the same broad aim as a non-disclosure
order: to maintain the confidentiality of information adduced as evidence in
proceedings and to maintain the status quo until a court is able to decide the
issue. The documents were clearly “sealed as against non-parties”, indicating
that it was targeted at preventing non-parties from having access to these
documents, howsoever this access was obtained.

39 It should not be forgotten that these are criminal, not civil, contempt
proceedings which concern the breach of an order of court by a party bound by
that order. Mr Aurol is not a party to the Main Suit. And, as argued before
and noted in my earlier judgment, since the essence of criminal contempt is
interference with the administration of justice, a party who is not directly
bound by an order of court can be held liable for criminal contempt if he
deliberately frustrates the purpose of that order: see _Pertamina Energy
Trading Ltd v Karaha_ _Bodas Co LLC_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 518 (“ _Pertamina_ ”) at
[43]. The subversion of an order of court constitutes a direct threat to the
due administration of justice because it has the effect of destroying or
nullifying either the purpose of the trial, pursuant to which the order is
made, or the order itself: see _Attorney-General v Times Newspapers Ltd_
[1992] 1 AC 191 (“ _A-G v Times Newspapers_ ”) at 215.

40 A court therefore has to look at the purpose of the order, to determine
whether the contemnor had the requisite intention to interfere with the
administration of justice and therefore whether he intended, by his act, to
frustrate or thwart the purpose of the order: _A-G v Times Newspapers_ at 223,
and then to determine whether the contemnor’s act carried a real risk that the
administration of justice would be interfered with. The court also has to
consider whether the act or acts in question had the effect of destroying or
nullifying either the purpose of trial, pursuant to which the order of court
was made, or the order itself: _A-G v Times Newspapers_ at 206H – 207F. It is
clear that the purpose of the court which granted the order, and not only the
purpose of the parties applying for the order, is what is relevant: _A-G v
Punch_ at [39]:

..._Fundamental to the concept of contempt in this context is the intentional
impedance or prejudice of the purpose of the court._ The underlying purpose of
the Attorney General, as the plaintiff in the proceedings against Mr Whayler,
in seeking the order against Mr Shayler is nothing to the point. Lord Oliver
of Aylmerton adverted to this distinction in Attorney General v Times
Newspapers [1992] 1 AC 191, 223:

_“‘Purpose’, in this context, refers, or course, not to the litigant’s purpose
in obtaining the order or in fighting the action but to the purpose which, in
seeking to administer justice between the parties in the particular litigation
of which it has become seised, the court was intending to fulfil.”_

[emphasis added]

41 The court is not strictly confined to the express terms of the order when
determining the purpose of the court in granting the order in criminal
contempt proceedings. The court is also entitled to consider the circumstances
surrounding the grant of the order and its purpose: see _A-G v Times
Newspapers_ at 224D-224E; _Arlidge, Eady & Smith on Contempt_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2005) at paras 11-43 and 12-51. There may be times when there
is room for genuine doubt about the court’s purpose in granting the order. In
such a case, the contemnor could escape liability as it would be difficult to
establish an intention or frustrate the purpose of the court if the purpose
itself was not known or obvious: see _A-G v Times Newspapers_ at 223D-223F;
see also _Pertamina_ at [42]-[44]. However, this is not at all the case here.
The purpose is readily ascertainable and clear.

42 Importantly, the Sealing Order was an interlocutory order. The point of
this order was the preservation of confidentiality pending the eventual
decision of the court. This is exactly the situation in _A-G v Punch_ , where
Lord Hope opined (at [122]):

Above all, full weight must be given to the purpose of these injunctions. They
were interlocutory injunctions. It was not the intention when they were
granted that they should be permanent. Their purpose was to serve the
interests of the administration of justice by preserving the confidentiality
of the information until trial.

43 Lord Hope recognised that, while an injunction chose the method of
restraining publication, its purpose was maintaining confidentiality until the
court could make a permanent order. If granted, the eventual and permanent
sealing order would have prevented any non-party from inspecting the sealed
documents and it would never have been known that SCM had ever tried to seal
any documents. Wong’s 4th Affidavit was only sealed subsequently. The real
risk of harm to the administration of justice came not only from the fact that
the Summons and Wong’s 5th Affidavit was meant to be kept confidential, but
also from the fact that the article alerted the public to the existence of
Wong’s 4th Affidavit and it could have been inspected _before_ the court had a
chance to pronounce on it. This would have usurped the court’s ability and
function to decide whether it should be sealed. That this was eventually
sealed by agreement between the parties and not by court order does not change
the fact that the contemptuous act had the real risk of affecting the
administration of justice.

44 _Attorney-General v Newspaper Publishing Plc_ [1997] 1 WLR 926 (“the
_Spycatcher_ litigation”) does not help Mr Aurol’s case. There, the UK Court
of Appeal found that the breaches were very minor as the newspaper had only
reproduced two additional sentences which added very little to information
already in the public domain, one sentence of which had “in all probability…
been read in open court during the proceedings” (at 936) and was thus already
publically available. The _Spycatcher_ litigation does not stand for the
proposition that inconsistency with the eventual aim of the order is not
enough to constitute the _actus_ _reus_ of contempt. In the present case,
_none_ of the information provided in the Article was already in the public
domain, nor was it a negligible addition to publically available information.
The information disclosed was new and its disclosure took away the power of
the court to make an eventual decision on the sealing of the documents.

45 The other authorities relied upon by Mr Lim SC do not take Mr Aurol’s case
any further. In _Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan and Potash Corporation of
Saskatchewan Sales v Keith Barton_ , 2001 SKCA 56, the facts were quite
different and distinguishable. A sealing order had been made of the Queen’s
Bench files below and as the parties were about to file their ‘Appeal Book and
factums’ for the appeal, Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan, fearing their
position on appeal would be irretrievably compromised should the contents of
the Appeal Book and factums be open to public inspection before the appeal was
to be heard, applied to seal them. The Saskatchewan Court of Appeal ruled that
it would be offensive to the strong tradition of public access to seal court
files and instead imposed a ban on publication until the hearing of the
appeal. There was no issue on the terms of the order and the purpose of the
court order was not in issue. In fact it was counsel who took up Cameron JA’s
suggestion of a ban on publication instead of a sealing order. In _Grand Union
Insurance Co Ltd v Clyde & Co & Ors_ [1988] HKC 464 (“ _Grand Union_ ”), the
order made there was a most unusual and vague order, _viz_ , that the
proceedings were to be marked “confidential” in the registry of the Hong Kong
Supreme Court, and the court held that those terms were not clear enough to
mean that no one could publish any information relating to the proceedings.
The court expressly held that what was written by the respondent law firm did
not render the administration of justice impracticable or to frustrate such
attainment of justice or in any way prejudiced or impeded the course of
justice. The interim sealing order here certainly does not suffer from those
same defects in _Grand Union._ The other authorities relate to ‘super
injunctions’ which are another class of injunctions altogether and based on
European Union Human Rights legislation.

46 For the foregoing reasons, I was not persuaded, despite the valiant efforts
of Mr Lim SC, to change my decision.

Sentence

The relevant sentencing precedents and principles

47 There is no minimum or maximum sentence for contempt of court proceedings.
However, it is trite law that a custodial sentence is not the starting point.
As stated in _Lee Shieh-Peen Clement v Ho Chin Hguang_ [2010] 4 SLR 801 (“
_Clement Lee_ ”) at [45], “committal to prison is normally a measure of last
resort”. This has been recently re-emphasized by Prakash J in _Monex Group
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v E-Clearing (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2012] SGHC 189 at [40].

Precedents where a fine was appropriate

48 A fine of $5,000 was awarded in _Summit Holdings Ltd v Business Software
Alliance_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 592 (“ _Summit Holdings_ ”). This was a case of
contempt by disobeying an order to return items seized under a quashed
warrant. The contemnors had acted reasonably, in good faith and in reliance on
legal advice which was not in itself a breach. It was held that (_Summit
Holdings_ at [53]):

…the bona fides of the persons who were in contempt and their _reasons,
motives and understandings_ in doing the acts which constituted the contempt
of court might be relevant in mitigation of the contempt. Bona fide reliance
on legal advice, even though the advice turned out to be wrong, might be
relevant and important as mitigation, depending on the circumstances. In this
case, there was nothing to show that BSA had acted otherwise than in _good
faith_ and on legal advice which turned out to be wrong. It was _reasonable_
for BSA to rely on its solicitors for the conduct of the litigation.

[emphasis added]

49 The court also gave due consideration to the fact that these were technical
breaches which caused no “substantial prejudice to the applicants or the due
administration of justice”. It proceeded to find that it was not appropriate
to impose a high financial penalty.

50 A heavy fine of $200,000 with costs was imposed in _Clement Lee_. The
contemnors in that case had breached a money order. They argued that they had
not appreciated the scope of the order and that their breach was thus not
serious. The Court of Appeal rejected this contention, detecting in their
behaviour a general bent towards hiding their interests in the applicant
company which belied their claim. This is not unlike the present case, where I
have found that there was a deliberate and cynical breach. This was not enough
to commit the respondents to prison. Instead, the question the Court of Appeal
asked was: what was the advantage that the contemnors were trying to get? The
court found that (_Clement Lee_ at [49]):

The advantage which the Respondents had obtained in breaching the Order was to
have more money to spend. In this instance, we felt that a financial sanction
would be sufficient. In our opinion, an appropriate order to make was to
require the Respondents to restore S$200,000 into their Singapore account
within seven days, with proof of such restoration to be furnished to the
Appellants' solicitors… Furthermore, in order to impress upon the Respondents
the utmost importance of complying with an injunction, and that they should
not resort to unilateral interpretations favouring themselves, we ordered that
the costs for this appeal be awarded to the Appellants on an indemnity basis.
That should suffice to register the court's disapproval of their conduct.

51 Given that the contemnors were motivated throughout by financial concerns,
the Court of Appeal found that a punishment that would hit where it hurt the
most was a high financial penalty with indemnity costs. By this reasoning, a
fine would not, but a custodial sentence would be more effective, where the
advantages the contemnor hoped to gain from the contemptuous act were _non-
financial_ or the contemnor had already internalised the cost of breach into
his cost-benefit analysis of the act (see [65] below).

52 A fine was also given in _A-G v Punch_ which concerned the publication of
information in breach of an injunction. The contemnor editor published an
article which included information restrained by the injunctions but which the
editor did not believe was harmful to the national interest. Upon finding that
this was an act in contempt of court, the House of Lords restored the trial
judge’s findings and the fine of £5,000 for the editor and £20,000 for the
publisher of the offending article. The reason for a fine was not found in the
transcript of the trial below.

53 In _Pertamina_ , the Court of Appeal found that a fine was sufficient to
vindicate and preserve the authority of the court. This concerned a breach of
a Mareva injunction. The court observed (at [97]) the seriousness of such an
offence, stating that

The Mareva injunction is an important remedy, whose terms cannot – and ought
not to – be thwarted. It would be easily set at naught if conduct such as that
which occurred in the present proceedings were permitted. More importantly,
such conduct would, as alluded to above, also herald the commencement of
possible legal anarchy across jurisdictions.

54 The seriousness of the offence and the threat of “legal anarchy across
jurisdictions” were not enough, however, to ground a custodial sentence. The
Court considered that while the first respondent had initiated the entire
train of contemptuous acts, he may have been acting on the advice of the
second respondent, a lawyer, and this was a mitigating factor justifying a
fine of $5,000 (_Pertamina_ at [90]-[92]). The second respondent had aided and
abetted the first respondent, but as he was not a direct party to the
substantive proceedings in which the order was made, he too was fined only
$5,000. This did not, however, stand for the proposition that a fine would
always be the most appropriate sanction for interlocutory injunctions. The
Court of Appeal clearly decided on a fine as a result of mitigating factors
and _not_ because the breach of an interlocutory injunction was not serious.
Moreover, it warned (_Pertamina_ at [97]):

What is within _this_ court’s purview, however, is the need to ensure that
_its_ orders are _not_ contravened or thwarted. We cannot overemphasise the
importance of this fundamental proposition, and trust that nothing akin to the
conduct in the present proceedings will ever come before this court again. If,
in the unfortunate event it does, more stringent sanctions will be meted out
accordingly.

[emphasis added]

55 The Court adopted a hybrid-like approach in _Allport Alfred James v Wong
Soon Lan_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 100 (“ _Wong Soon Lan_ ”). This concerned the breach
of an ex parte order pursuant to ancillary proceedings. The wife had disposed
of the matrimonial home in contravention of this order in deliberate disregard
of the order, even though she had understood the terms and purpose of the
order. Because the purpose of the order was to preserve the matrimonial
assets, or the value thereof, for ancillary proceedings, the court gave the
wife 21 days to pay the court the sum that she had dissipated, or to be
committed to prison for 21 days in lieu.

56 All the cases except _A-G v_ _Punch_ (where there were no reasons for the
sanction given) concerned reversible or money orders. The main motive for the
breach in _Clement Lee_ and _Pertamina_ had been to maintain a financial
advantage. It is now settled law that while motive is not relevant in
determining _mens_ _rea_ , it may be relevant as part of the inquiry to
determine if there were any mitigating circumstances for the purposes of
sentencing; see [48] above and _OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP and others v
Burhan_ _Uray (alias Wong Ming Kiong) and others (No 2)_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 60 (“
_OCM Opportunities_ ”) at [27]. Where the motive for committing the
contemptuous act is financial gain, a financial penalty would be most
appropriate as it would be sufficient to nullify the profits hoped to be
gained from the act. It would also be proportionate to the offence, as the
preservation of the court’s authority in relation to interlocutory money
orders is to ensure that its money judgments can be properly enforced. In
cases such as _Wong Soon Lan_ , the return of dissipated assets would be most
proportional as the damage to the administration of justice in that case was
the inability to enforce the ancillary judgment and the paying back of the
value of the assets would restore the enforcement authority of the court.

Precedents grounding a custodial sentence

57 Steven Chong J succinctly summarised the law’s position on custodial
sentences for contempt in the family context in _Tan Beow_ _Hiong v Tan Boon
Aik_ [2010] 4 SLR 870 (“ _Tan Beow_ _Hiong_ ”) at [63]-[64]. He found that a
custodial sentence would only be appropriate where there was a continuing,
deliberate and persistent course of conduct and where all other efforts to
resolve the situation had been unsuccessful. It would thus seem that a
custodial sentence relates to contumacious breaches where the contempt has yet
to be purged. However, as I have observed in the preceding section, breaches
of money and other orders which had yet to restored to their status quo did
not automatically result in a custodial sentence. I find that it is necessary
to review the cases where a breach of a court order has resulted in a
custodial sentence.

58 The wife in _Tan Beow_ _Hiong_ , for example, was motivated not by the
welfare of her children or by any other financial reason, but because she
wanted to prove the husband wrong. Contemptuous acts in the family context are
often emotionally driven, out of spite or a desire to be proven right. I find
that Mr Aurol was clearly not motivated by financial rewards; there could be
no financial reward from the leaking of the Summons and Wong’s 5th Affidavit.
Neither was he motivated by a desire to advance the public interest by serving
as public watchdog for SCM’s conduct of its business affairs. He has never
claimed this, and I have found that that Mr Aurol was motivated by spite and
had wanted to inflict the maximum embarrassment on SCM, a listed company.

59 Egregious behaviour and motive has been an important part of decisions for
a custodial sentence to be imposed. In _Precious Wishes Ltd v Sinoble_
_Metalloy International (Pte) Ltd_ [2000] SGHC 5 (“ _Precious Wishes_ ”) (at
[34]), the seriousness of the contemptuous act was measured by the contemnor’s
deliberate disregard of a Mareva injunction for his personal benefit, and his
inability to recover the dissipated monies despite having known of the
contempt proceedings for a year preceding the trial and judgment and having
been given a further month to raise the money after conviction. He could not
restore the position that the company and its creditors were in for the
purposes of judgment in the main suit, and the only solution left in that case
was a sanction of three months imprisonment.

60 The position of the contemnor is also important. A custodial sentence was
imposed in _Re Tan Khee Eng John_ [1997] SGHC 115 (“ _John Tan_ ”). The
contemnor had failed to obey a court order for appearance and failed to notify
the court of his absence or reasons for absence. He was committed to 7 days of
imprisonment. Yong Pung How CJ (as he then was), found (_John Tan_ at [14])
that the failure to appear was “calculated to lower the authority of the
court” and was unmitigated. Yong CJ was influenced by the fact that this was a
breach committed by a lawyer, who was an officer of the court and should have
known better, who engaged in a carefully calculated act to defy the authority
of the court.

61 Another case involving lawyers where there was a custodial sentence is _Lim
Meng Chai v Heng_ _Chok_ _Keng_ [2001] SGHC 33 (“ _Lim Meng Chai_ ”). The
contemnor in that case had evaded the production of trial documents and
stakeholding monies entrusted to him and persistently refused to obey the
court order even after contempt proceedings were instituted. This grounded a
3.5 month custodial sentence. Chan Seng Onn JC (as he then was) found that
this involved an officer of the court and was therefore very grave. More
importantly, the entire suit was part of the contemnor’s continuing breach;
the contemnor showed no real remorse and tried deceptively to postpone the
hearing of the motion with defences designed to further delay compliance with
the order. Leniency would have amounted to court assistance for the contemnor
to continue to disregard the order. Chan JC opined that (_Lim Meng Chai_ at
[105]-[106]):

[The contemnor] never intended to hand over the stakeholding monies entrusted
to him, and he never did. His conduct was on the whole deplorable, dishonest
and deceptive. It was in my view wholly inappropriate to adjourn the matter
and stay execution to _enable him to delay further_.

… Being an advocate and solicitor and an officer of the court, he ought to
know better. On the contrary, he acted in _blatant defiance_ of the two
orders. He should know the seriousness and gravity of his disobedience of the
two court orders. He _relied on lame excuses to ignore and flout the court
orders_. The fact that the contemnor had sought ways and means to evade or
circumvent the order of court would be relevant: _William Jacks & Co (M) Sdn
__Bhd v_ _Chemquip (M) Sdn_ _Bhd & Anor_ [1994] 3 MLJ 40 . _I had to take a
grave view of such utterly contemptuous and disgraceful conduct by an advocate
and solicitor and an officer of the court_. Furthermore, I _could not detect
any real remorse or regret_ throughout the proceedings. The deceptive means he
used to postpone the hearing of the motion was shameful. He raised absolutely
unmeritorious defences involving legal niceties and technicalities in the hope
of further delaying his compliance… Anything other than imprisonment would be
too lenient in the circumstances of this case, and would certainly bring court
orders into disrepute and encourage others to disregard them with gay abandon.
The _need for deterrence_ must be taken into consideration. The _image of
advocates and solicitors that they, as officers of the court, would always
dutifully and respectfully obey the orders of court must not be tarnished_.
Honesty and integrity should be the hallmark of the legal profession. It would
be a very sad day if lawyers are no longer respected and regarded as members
of an honourable profession.

[emphasis added]

62 Repeated breaches of a court order evincing a flagrant disregard of the
court’s authority have also been factors in finding that a custodial sentence
may be appropriate. In _Re: Ho_ _Kok Cheong bankruptcy No 1235 of 1987_ [1995]
SGHC 121 (“ _Ho_ _Kok Cheong_ ”), the contemnor had travelled out of Singapore
on more than 300 occasions (378 according to the official assignee and 319
according to the contemnor’s counsel) in breach of s 38(1)(c) of the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, Rev Ed 2009) which prohibits bankrupts from travelling
outside Singapore. The court took into account three other bankruptcy cases
where there had been a custodial sentence instead of a fine: four weeks
imprisonment for 132 breaches in 1980, 21 days imprisonment for 266 breaches
in 1993, and 18 days for 152 breaches in 1994. Although by the time the
bankrupts had appeared before court, their breaches were not contumacious in
the sense that they were continuing breaches, the number of times they had
travelled out of the country showed an attitude of flagrant disregard for
which a fine would have been inadequate. MPH Rubin J in _Ho_ _Kok Cheong_
found (at [13]) that the contemnor “could well have deserved a sentence of
imprisonment in the region of between six and 12 weeks”. However, as the
appeal concerned the addition of a new period of imprisonment on top of a
completed prison term, only a fine was imposed to reflect the court’s concern
with the seriousness of the nature of the infractions. It is also worth noting
that in that case, a financial penalty would have been wholly inappropriate as
this would not have any deterrent effect on bankrupts who did not have any
means to pay a financial penalty.

63 The English Court in _In Re Barrell Enterprises_ [1973] 1 WLR 19 (“
_Barrell Enterprises_ ”) (at 27) identified two main motivating factors for
imprisonment: (1) punishment for disobedience of the order of the court and
(2) that of seeking to enforce the order. The contemnor in _Barrell
Enterprises_ had refused to produce documents, the value of which ran into the
thousands of pounds, in disobedience to the court order. The value of the
documents withheld was taken into account as increasing the gravity of the
offence for the purposes of punishment. In relation to the enforcement
principle, this affected the length of the sentence rather than the question
of whether a sentence should be imposed at all. The court considered that an
extended term of imprisonment would be unlikely to cause the contemnor to
disclose the true story behind her contemptuous acts and thus they discharged
her from indefinite custody, finding instead that the six months imprisonment
already served was appropriate as punishment.

64 The use of imprisonment as a final tool of enforcement was resorted to by
the court in _OCM Opportunities._ The contemnors had failed to comply with
clear and unambiguous orders to account under an interlocutory injunction.
This breach persisted after a permanent injunction was obtained. The court
found that they remained uncooperative, deliberate, and contumacious in
breaching the terms of the orders, and that “imprisonment, as opposed to a
fine, was appropriate as there was no other effective means to ensure
compliance” (_OCM Opportunities_ at [37]).

65 The interaction of the principles of enforcement and deterrence were
elucidated in _Cartier International BV v Lee Hock Lee and another
application_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 340 (“ _Cartier_ ”). The contemnor had breached a
court order prohibiting the sale of Cartier and Rolex watches in breach of
copyright over an extended period of time. There had been three raids between
March 1989 and October 1991, and the contemnor refused to comply with the
court order by stopping the sale of the pirated watches. Instead, he hired a
fall guy to take the rap for the breach of the court order. The court
sentenced him to six months imprisonment, finding that the contemnor had
internalised the cost of the fine into the cost of his act. Accordingly, a
fine would not be enough as this would not deter him from continuing to breach
the order as he stood to make more money than he would have to pay in fines.
General and specific deterrence was a primary motivating factor, and this
complemented the need to enforce the order strictly. G P Selvam JC (as he then
was) opined that (_Cartier_ at [43]):

A fine would not be proper because it was clear to me that the defendant had
done his calculations and had built fines into his cost. It has been said that
the purpose of legal punishment is to persuade offenders that law-breaking is
not the way to make a living.

66 Other factors in favour of a custodial sentence included the fact that the
contemnor had procured others to break the law on his behalf by employing
staff to sell these watches, had planned the breach, and continuously,
knowingly and cynically breached the order over an extended period of time.

67 The various factors taken into account for a custodial sentence are
different ways of answering one question: Is a fine adequate to punish and
deter contemptuous behaviour? The nature of that behaviour, the motives for
it, and the ameliorative and deterrent effect of a fine are all relevant
factors.

Relevant sentencing principles

68 A review of the case law reveals the following principles:

(a) _The attitude behind the contemptuous behaviour_ : did the contemnor act
deliberately and cynically in flagrant disregard of the court order, or did he
act in good faith? In this respect, personal objections to the order, however
sincerely held would not suffice to lessen the gravity of the offence; see
_OCM Opportunities_ at [37]. The kind of good faith that would justify a fine
on the lower end of the scale is, _eg_ , the conviction that what the
contemnor was doing was right in law. Thus, in _Summit Holdings_ , acting on
legal advice, while not negating intention, was a mitigating factor justifying
a fine. By contrast, in _OCM Opportunities_ , the personal belief that they
ought to be allowed to breach an order of court was an aggravating factor
justifying the imposing of a custodial sentence. Similarly, in _Precious
Wishes_ , the deliberate and cynical placing of personal pecuniary interest
over obedience to the law and the individuals the order was seeking to protect
was an aggravating factor. In _John Tan_ , the fact that the act was “
_calculated_ to lower the authority of the court” [emphasis added] was an
aggravating factor justifying a custodial sentence.

(b) _The motive for committing the contemptuous act_ : was the motive for the
contemptuous behaviour pecuniary or non-pecuniary? In _Clement Lee_ , the
court found that the main advantage the contemnor was seeking was pecuniary.
It would thus be wholly appropriate to impose a fine as this would remove the
advantage and impose a further pecuniary disadvantage such that the punishment
would be proportional to the expected gain, and would deter the contemnor and
others like him. By contrast, in _Tan Beow_ _Hiong_ , the court seemed more
willing to countenance a fine for contemptuous behaviour motivated by care for
the contemnor’s children (presumably also because the welfare of the children
is a statutory consideration in the type of proceedings involved in _Tan Beow_
_Hiong_), but set its face against behaviour motivated out of pure spite, for
which there was really no fine which could be proportional to the act or which
could deter such behaviour.

(c) Another way of looking at _Tan Beow_ _Hiong_ and _Clement Lee_ is through
the lens of whether a fine would have been an adequate deterrent. In the line
of bankrupt cases cited in _Ho_ _Kok Cheong_ , a fine would also not be enough
to deter contemptuous behaviour as this would make no difference to the status
of existing bankrupts, and the contemnor would not have had the means to pay
the fine, making punishment effectively moot. The deterrent effect of a fine
would often be enough to assess the adequacy of a fine. Thus, in _Cartier_ ,
the fact that even a hefty fine would not have been enough to deter the
contemnor meant that a fine would be inadequate and that a custodial sentence
should be imposed instead.

(d) _The reversibility of the breach_ : can the harm caused to the other party
be remedied by a fine and attendant costs, or is there substantial prejudice
to the other party which cannot be remedied by costs? In this line of cases,
which arose out of civil suits, the nature of the act must also be assessed in
relation to its impact on the other party. In the injunction line of cases,
the harm could easily be compensated by returning the dissipated assets. Thus,
the court is more ready to impose a fine; see _Clement Lee_ , _Pertamina_ ,
_Wong Soon_ _Lan_. By contrast, where the other party cannot be restored to
its original position, this may be an aggravating factor; see _Precious
Wishes_ , _Barrell Enterprises_.

(e) _The standard of care expected of the individual_ : This is closely
related to motive. In _John Tan_ and _Lim Meng Chai_ , the court clearly found
that a lawyer, being an officer of the court, should be held to a higher
standard so as not to bring the legal profession into disrepute. I would
venture to say that this is a matter of degree: it would obviously be a
mitigating factor if the contemnor was unable to understand the full impact of
his actions. The standard of care expected of such an individual would be less
compared not only to a lawyer, but also to someone who was better able to
understand the consequences of his actions and persisted in breaching a court
order. It should be noted that the second respondent in _Pertamina_ was also a
lawyer, but that a fine was warranted in that case as he was guilty of the
secondary offence of aiding and abetting contempt, instead of the primary
offence and the case is hence distinguishable from _John Tan_ and _Lim_ _Meng
Chai_.

(f) _Nature of the contemptuous act_ : how egregious was the contemptuous act?
In assessing the gravity of the act, the purpose of the order breached and the
impact of that breach on this purpose is important. In _Pertamina_ and _Wong
Soon Lan_ , the purpose of the order was to prevent dissipation of assets. The
breach could easily be ameliorated by paying back these sums or their value.
By contrast, in _Precious Wishes_ , the contemnor had been unwilling or unable
to pay back these monies, and the contemptuous act thus took on a more
pernicious complexion as it was irremediable. In _Barrell Enterprises_ , the
high value of the documents withheld made the breach more egregious as there
would be fewer effective ways of compensating for the harm done by the
contemptuous act. Planning (such as in _Cartier_) or persistent breach (such
as in _Lim_ _Meng Chai_ and _OCM Opportunities_) may also render an act
egregious. A contumacious breach would be more serious than a breach that had
effectively ended and could not be repeated. A breach that had been planned,
taking into account the cost of the fine, and which had been conducted over a
period of time when there had been numerous opportunities to stop the
contemptuous behaviour would be serious enough to ground a custodial sentence;
see _Cartier_.

(g) _Whether the_ contemnor _was remorseful_ : in _Ho_ _Kok Cheong_ , the
court found that the contemnor’s remorse was a mitigating factor justifying a
substantial fine instead of sending the contemnor back to prison to serve an
additional term of imprisonment. By contrast, Chan J in _OCM Opportunities_
found that there was no real remorse or regret from the contemnor during the
proceedings. I pause to note that it would be an unusual case where there
would be cause for looking behind the contemnor’s words or actions to assess
the sincerity of his apology. The apology alone is often enough to purge a
contemptuous act in the context of contempt in the face of the court. I find
that an apology is less important in the context of a breach of court order
than in the context of contempt in the face of court because it does not purge
the contempt. The breach of an order may be either continuing or past. The
purging of contempt in the case of a Mareva injunction may be to restore the
assets or value of the assets. Even the most remorseful of apologies could not
purge the contempt if the monies have not been paid back. It was thus a
contumacious breach in _Precious Wishes_ as the contemnor could not restore
the dissipated assets when he was called upon to do so, even though he averred
that he was remorseful. The absence of remorse played a role in _OCM
Opportunities_ because it showed that there was no intention as well as no
attempt to restore the other party to the position under the breached court
order. I find that while remorse is mitigating factor, the lack of remorse
cannot be an aggravating factor unless it points towards contumacious breach
with no intention of remedy.

(h) Procuring others to commit the contemptuous act is an aggravating factor;
see _Cartier_.

Application of relevant sentencing principles to the present facts

69 I now proceed to apply these principles to the present case.

Mr Aurol’s attitude behind the contemptuous behaviour

70 I have already found (at [85] of my earlier judgment) that Mr Aurol had
deliberately and cynically breached the interim sealing order. The chain of
events leading to the disclosure of the documents showed that Mr Aurol had
deliberately engineered the situation in a calculated attempt to subvert the
Sealing Order. He had used the words of Wong’s 5th Affidavit to pique Mr Raj’s
interest, and had then forwarded both sealed documents to Mr Raj, despite the
fact that there was no ambiguity in the Sealing Order as to the Summons and
that he had read the 6th December letter clarifying that Wong’s 5th Affidavit
was also sealed. Mr Aurol’s behaviour during the hearing of the Summons and
proceedings leading up to this confirm this finding. He has not, until today,
explained when he read the 6th December letter, how he read it, and what he
understood by it. Instead, his first apology was deliberately obfuscating and
left out these important details, and his argument that he had not known that
the Summons and Wong’s 5th Affidavit were sealed was disingenuous at best.

71 In Mr Aurol’s application for further argument, an attempt was made to rely
on an unaffirmed draft affidavit, purportedly by Mr Raj testifying to the
contents of the email Mr Aurol had sent, but this again very disingenuously
contradicted the clear and natural meaning of Mr Raj’s affidavit produced for
the Mediacorp suit. Even during submissions on sentence, when given an
opportunity to apologise, Mr Aurol very carefully selected his words and
apologised for the inconvenience he had caused this court, but not for the
breach of the order itself:

I have always had the highest regard for this court and our judicial system. I
have never doubted its integrity. Although I must honestly say that the result
of your decision has not made me happy, I respect your decision in this suit,
and to disallow Conrad’s evidence. Conrad was my really good friend and _this
chain of events started when I emailed those documents to him. I am really
sorry that it has taken up so much of your Honour’s time and for all this, I
would like to offer my sincere apologies. I’m sorry that this had to happen
and I promise not to do anything to damage or harm the judicial system_. These
proceedings have been quite difficult for me. I have come to the stage of
retirement and have had a good reputation in the private sector. I know that I
have to live with it now. It has affected me and my family and caused quite a
bit of strain, and I ask that your Honour be merciful when meting out your
punishment. The last thing I want to do is end my career with a sentence that
sends me to jail. It is not something I want to add to my resume.[note: 4]

[emphasis added]

72 I find that Mr Aurol has been less than forthright throughout the hearings;
this confirms my inference that his contemporaneous attitude toward the breach
was cavalier and cynical as it has not changed to this day. This is clearly a
situation where Mr Aurol considered that he was above the law, and that the
restrictions on disclosure of the sealed documents did not apply to him. This
amounts to a flagrant disregard of the law not unlike the attitude evinced in
_OCM Opportunities_.

Mr Aurol’s motive for disclosing the sealed documents

73 As I have observed at [58] above, Mr Aurol was not motivated by pecuniary
advantage or even by exercising his freedom of expression. His primary
motivation was spite and to cause maximum embarrassment to SCM, a public
listed company. This is neither a mitigating nor aggravating factor, but the
lack of pecuniary motive may mean that a fine may not be sufficient or
proportional as punishment or deterrence.

Whether a fine would be an adequate specific and general deterrent

74 Mr Aurol has already expressed that he would not breach a court order again
as he had learned his lesson. On the surface, it would thus appear that in
relation to specific deterrence, a fine would be sufficient. However, I find
that in cases such as Mr Aurol’s, where financial advantage plays little part
in the motivation for breaching a court order, a fine would not be sufficient
to deter. Something stronger would be required to register the seriousness of
the breach for general deterrence purposes.

The reversibility of the breach and nature of the order breached

75 The nature of the interim sealing order was that any breach of the order
would be an irreversible breach which took away the Court’s ability to decide
on a matter it was seized of. This is a particularly serious breach. Mr Lim SC
has tried to impress upon me that there was really no harm done, as there was
no rush to inspect the 4th Affidavit, which was sealed almost immediately
after that breach by agreement between the parties, and there had been a
subsequent permanent sealing order proving that there had been something for
the court to decide. I am unfortunately not persuaded by these arguments.

76 It would not be accurate to say that merely because there was a permanent
sealing order, the court maintained its substantive ability to decide on the
matter. A permanent order would have been necessary whether or not the
documents had been disclosed in the Article. The difference that Mr Aurol’s
breach made was that the permanent order was robbed of its practical effect
and amounted to a toothless and _ex post facto_ declaration. I find that the
substantive decision-making power of the court had been removed unilaterally
by one party and it is this that gives the right complexion to the
contemptuous act. In any event, the order by Lai Siu Chiu J on 22 December
2012 to permanently seal the documents was by consent between the parties and
included other items such as Wong’s 4th Affidavit which had yet to be sealed.
The revealing of the names and areas of confidential policies and the fact
that SCM had sought to have these policies sealed did _prima facie_ also cause
harm to SCM, even if only by the loss of reputation caused by the Article.
While there is no evidence of any financial loss occasioned by Mr Aurol’s act,
I note that the loss of reputation or embarrassment for an established and
listed company like SCM may be significant and cannot always be compensated by
costs. I have noted nonetheless that there was no evidence of any pecuniary
loss occasioned to SCM.

Standard of care expected in Mr Aurol’s case

77 I found (at [43] of my earlier judgment) that Mr Aurol was an experienced
businessman with sufficient facility in English and awareness of the law to
have been quite certain what the purpose of the Sealing Order was. However,
this is not the same as saying that he was an officer of the court. I do not
find that the same level of care expected of a legal professional should be
applied to Mr Aurol and I do not think that it would be appropriate to find
that Mr Aurol’s experience as a businessman counts as an aggravating factor.
Nonetheless, I do find that there is little by way of mitigation for Mr Aurol
in this area.

Nature of Mr Aurol’s Act

78 I find that the contemptuous acts were egregious. Mr Aurol not only
disclosed the documents to Mr Raj, he had deliberately selected a paragraph to
pique Mr Raj’s interest and then sent the documents on to Mr Raj. This was not
an act committed on the spur of the moment; it was a calculated act.

79 By the time Mr Aurol talked to Mr Raj on 9 or 10 December 2009, he had
already had the benefit of reading the 6th December letter, which clarified
any latent ambiguity in the interim sealing order. He had obviously read
Wong’s 5th Affidavit in enough detail to know which paragraph would be of most
interest to journalists and particularly to Mr Raj. He would have had time to
consider his position in relation to the sealed documents, particularly as he
was aware that the application to seal Wong’s 4th and 5th Affidavits had been
taken out, and had, through his lawyers, contested the sealing of the 4th
Affidavit. If the application had been sent to him in hard copy, Mr Aurol
would have had to scan the sealed documents before sending them. If they had
been sent to him in soft copy, Mr Aurol would have had to forward them after
deleting text pertaining to legally privileged correspondence between his
lawyers and himself in the main suit. In either case, this was not a situation
where Mr Aurol could send the information on at a quick, unthinking click of
the mouse.

80 I am unable to believe that Mr Aurol’s act was an unconsidered act carried
out on the spur of the moment. Even if Mr Aurol had only formed his intention
to breach the order at the time when Mr Raj had called him, I find that Mr
Aurol had ample opportunity to rectify the situation. The Article was
published four days after the conversation between Mr Aurol and Mr Raj, and
seven days after the 6th December letter was sent. Mr Aurol could have called
Mr Raj at any time during those four days to ask Mr Raj not to publish an
article based on the sealed documents. He chose not to do so.

81 I am not persuaded by Mr Lim SC’s submissions that Mr Aurol had not known
that Mr Raj would publish the article and thus could not have prevented its
publication. Mr Aurol knew that Mr Raj was a journalist and had published
unfavourable articles about SCM in the past; he deliberately piqued Mr Raj’s
interest. I find that Mr Aurol intended thereby for Mr Raj to publish the
article, and gave him every means to do so by forwarding the relevant
documents to him. He then proceeded to protect himself by telling Mr Raj not
to disclose his identity, a point that Mr Raj testified to in his affidavit in
the Mediacorp suit (see [27] above). If Mr Aurol had not intended for Mr Raj
to publish an article based on the sealed documents, there would be no need
for him to ask Mr Raj to keep his identity confidential. Even if I were to
give Mr Aurol the benefit of the doubt and find that Mr Raj’s affidavit in the
Mediacorp suit had wrongly stated the facts, I find that this would still be a
classic case of “Nelsonian blindness”. Mr Aurol would have known that Mr Raj
would be more likely than not to publish an article based on the sealed
documents that he had forwarded. Yet he chose to do nothing about this, nor
even caveat his email or telephone conversation by telling Mr Raj that it was
a conversation between friends and that Mr Raj should not publish an article
based on these documents. Instead, Mr Aurol chose not to reveal to Mr Raj that
the documents were sealed, thus enticing Mr Raj to publish an article based on
the documents.

82 The culmination of all these factors shows that Mr Aurol’s acts constituted
a deliberate and cynical breach of the Sealing Order and, to my mind, this is
a strong aggravating factor.

Mr Aurol’s apology

83 A sincere apology and remorse goes a long way in considering the
appropriate sentence and in most cases removes the necessity for a custodial
sentence. The fact that Mr Aurol apologised may be a mitigating factor.
However, as I have already noted at various parts of my decision and at
[16(i)] above, Mr Aurol’s apology was deliberately obfuscating and incomplete.
While the fact of an apology may be a mitigating factor, I find that the way
in which Mr Aurol apologised and the fact that he chose not to apologise until
the very last minute when Mediacorp had been ordered to reveal his identity
are factors in favour of finding that this is not a particularly strong
mitigating factor. Even when given an opportunity to apologise during
mitigation, Mr Aurol proceeded to give a carefully worded apology, not for his
wrong doing, but for taking up the Court’s time (see [71] above).

The procurement of Mr Raj to aid his scheme

84 For the reasons set out at [78]-[82] above, and in the circumstances of
this case, I find that Mr Aurol deliberately chose to pique Mr Raj’s interest
and bait him to publish some article on SCM, in order to inflict maximum
embarrassment and damage to SCM. This amounted to a procurement of Mr Raj,
unwittingly on the latter’s part, to assist in the breach of the interim
sealing order and is an aggravating factor.

85 In the final analysis, I find that there are very few mitigating factors in
Mr Aurol’s favour and many aggravating factors which indicate that a fine
would be insufficient. I find that, for the reasons given at [70]-[84] above
and, in particular, the egregious nature of the act and Mr Aurol’s attitude
towards and motivation for his actions, a custodial sentence would be
appropriate.

86 However, I find that Mr Aurol’s actions do not reach the level of
seriousness as in _Cartier_ , _Precious Wishes_ , _Lim Meng Chai_ and _OCM
Opportunities_. These were breaches which had been planned over a number of
months and even years, and were persistent and continuing. By contrast, the
breach of an interim sealing order is a once and for all breach. While it may
achieve the same amount of damage, I find that the few days of planning and
calculation does not reach the same level of seriousness and planning over
months and years, and deliberately calculating the cost of a fine into the
cost of the act. Further, although not an overly strong factor given the
nature of the breach and the purpose of the Sealing Order, I nonetheless take
into account that no financial damage was caused to SCM and Wong’s 4th
Affidavit was subsequently sealed.

87 I also find that as Mr Aurol was not an officer of the court, the strong
public policy reasons behind having a longer custodial sentence in _OCM
Opportunities_ and _John Tan_ do not apply. Unlike _Barrell Enterprises_ ,
there is no issue of enforcement as the breach was a once and for all breach
and cannot be retrospectively enforced. There is thus no enforcement impetus
to increase the custodial sentence to ensure compliance in the case. I thus
find that it would be a wholly inappropriate and disproportionate punishment
for Mr Aurol to be sentenced to a custodial sentence of the 3, 4 or 6 months
meted out in those cases. Mr Aurol’s case is closer to _John Tan_ ’s case and
the 7 days meted out there.

88 I do not consider that a lengthy custodial sentence is necessary or
desirable to achieve general deterrence for contemptuous acts of this nature.
A short custodial sentence would be sufficient to register the seriousness of
his breach and to specifically and generally deter such behaviour. The very
mention of a custodial sentence is a powerful deterrent to others
contemplating the same course of action as Mr Aurol. I find that a custodial
sentence of 5 days in prison would be sufficient to preserve the authority of
the court and as punishment for Mr Aurol’s contemptuous acts.

Conclusion

89 Taking all the facts and circumstances of this case into account, I hereby
sentence Mr Aurol to 5 days imprisonment for his contempt of court.

90 Having heard the parties on costs, I award costs to SCM, including the
costs in Summons in Chambers 2861 of 2011.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Anthony Sabastian Aurol, 02/04/2012 at [16].

[note: 2]Notes of Evidence, 24/4/2012 at p 5.

[note: 3]Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Conrad Jayaraj in OS 74/2011 at
[27].

[note: 4]Notes of Evidence, 23/05/2012 at p 21.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Sep 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

