Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ASM _v_ ASN  
[2012] SGHC 23

Case Number| :| Divorce No 2262 of 2010/K (RAS 117 of 2011/W)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Wong Chai Kin (Wong Chai Kin) for the appellant; N
Kanagavijayan (Kana & Co) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  ASM — ASN  
  
1 February 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant (hereinafter “the wife”) brought this appeal against six of
the twelve orders which the learned district judge below made on 28 June 2011.
The six orders under appeal concerned issues ancillary to the divorce between
the wife and the respondent (hereinafter “the husband”). They included the
division of the matrimonial home, maintenance of the wife as well as the
maintenance of the children of the marriage. After hearing counsel’s
submissions, I made an order for the wife and the husband to have joint
custody with care and control given to the wife and reserved judgment for all
other issues under contest in the appeal. I now render my judgment on the said
outstanding issues and give the grounds for my order in respect of custody,
care and control of the children.

2 The parties were married on 10 June 1992. The marriage lasted about fifteen
years before the parties’ relationship with each other broke down in 2007,
resulting in separation which lasted a further three years until the parties
obtained a consent interim judgment of divorce on 28 September 2010. The wife
and husband are presently fifty nine and fifty years old respectively. The
husband’s current occupation is an aircraft maintenance engineer for Singapore
International Airlines Engineering Company Ltd commanding a gross monthly
salary of $12,511.80 while the wife, who was a full-time housewife in the
first three years of the marriage, is presently working as a freelance tour
guide (on an ad hoc basis) drawing an average gross pay of approximately
$2,700 per month. They have two children, namely a daughter aged sixteen years
old who recently sat for her ‘O’ Level examinations sometime between October
and November 2011, and a son aged eleven years old who is dyslexic. The
matrimonial home, originally purchased at a price of $790,000 in 1996, is a
private condominium along Yishun Street 81 which at the time of the said
learned district judge’s orders had a market value of $830,000.

3 In the proceedings below, the learned district judge awarded the husband an
80% share in the open market value of the matrimonial home less the
outstanding mortgage loan of about $27,000 (calculated as at 30 October 2010),
leaving the wife with the remainder 20% share as full and final settlement of
all issues pertaining to division of the matrimonial home, division of other
matrimonial assets (valued at around $64,000) as well as maintenance of the
wife. The main reason for the award below was that the wife (by her own
admission) had not made any financial contribution towards the matrimonial
home while the husband, on the other hand, was recognised by the learned
district judge to have been the one paying for (a) the acquisition,
improvement and maintenance of the matrimonial home, (b) household expenses
such as the maid’s salary up to August 2010 and the foreign worker’s levy for
the maid, and (c) the children’s expenses most of which were related to their
education. The learned district judge also formed the view that the wife’s
expenses as set out in her affidavit of assets and means were exaggerated. As
regards the parties’ non-financial contributions in the marriage, the learned
district judge held that although the wife spent the early years of the
marriage as a full-time housewife, the husband “also performed his role as a
father on top of being the sole financial contributor to the acquisition of
the matrimonial home” by constantly attending to and supervising the
children’s school work in his free time. In coming to this conclusion, the
learned district judge noted that the wife regularly returned home late at
about 9pm – sometimes even 11pm – when she was working as a tour guide.
Counsel for the wife argued before me that she ought to receive a 50% share in
the open market value of the matrimonial home less the outstanding mortgage
loan. The wife also asked that she should be entitled to monthly maintenance
of $1,000 from the husband, such maintenance to be backdated to the date of
the filing of the writ for divorce, 7 May 2010.

4 I am of the view that a division of the matrimonial home in the proportion
of 60:40 in favour of the husband (and in full and final settlement of all
financial ancillary matters between the husband and the wife) would be a just
and equitable outcome in the present case considering that the marriage was
not a short one. I would give more weight to the wife’s contribution in a
marriage which lasted for a reasonably long period of time (_ie_ , fifteen
years). Further, I think that the husband’s monthly income in the course of
the marriage was not completely earned without the assistance of the wife
performing her wifely duties in the household over the years. That the law
views both parties to a marriage to have cooperated and contributed to the
acquisition of property and accumulation of wealth during their marriage is
supported by the definition of “matrimonial asset” in s 112(10) of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) which includes “any other asset of any nature
acquired during the marriage by one party or both parties to the marriage”.

5 I am also unable to see why the wife’s non-financial contributions in the
marriage should be diluted just because the husband had also made non-
financial contributions in the marriage. This is especially so where there has
been no clear allegation that the wife in the present case had been derelict
in her duties to the family. In my view, treating non-financial contributions
as if they are financial contributions ignores the fact that non-financial
contributions are intangible and qualitative considerations incapable of ever
receiving any mathematical calculation in any case. I therefore find that a
division in the proportion of 60:40 in favour of the husband more accurately
reflects the credit that should have been given to the wife for her non-
financial contributions, and rule accordingly. However, I see no reason to
disturb the learned district judge’s holding that the division of the
matrimonial home was to be in full and final settlement of all financial
ancillary matters including the wife’s claim for her own maintenance.

6 In the proceedings below, the parties consented to having joint custody of
the two children, thus leaving the issue of care and control to be determined.
The learned district judge effectively ordered care and control to be given to
the husband (with liberal access given to the wife) for the period commencing
after their daughter has finished sitting for her ‘O’ Level examinations. In
this appeal, the wife sought care and control of the two children as well as
monthly maintenance of $3,500 for the children. I would allow the appeal in
these particular respects. In the interview I held with the children in
chambers on 17 November 2011, the children have demonstrated that they share a
closer and more intimate relationship with their mother than with their
father, and that they would prefer to live with their mother. I was convinced
that the wife would continue to provide her children with the care and
dedication necessary for their development. I was also convinced that the wife
would be able to adequately provide for her son’s special needs under her care
and control. Lastly, I was satisfied that the wife’s love for her children
would see her providing the children with a comfortable life in their new
home, be it rented or otherwise. I shall also add that the children stated
during the interview some shortcomings in their father. For example, the
daughter said that the husband’s efforts in picking her up from school daily
prior to the hearing before the learned district judge below had ceased
shortly after the learned district judge’s orders were made on 28 June 2011.
The daughter added that as soon as the husband stopped his routine of picking
her up from school, he has been travelling alone without the children. The
daughter also revealed that the husband does little in helping both her and
her brother’s with their school work, and is a hot tempered person who abuses
her verbally and her younger brother physically. The daughter added that, on
the contrary, it was her mother who had engaged them good tutors for their
studies. I will hear the question of access for the husband if the parties are
unable to agree on reasonable access.

7 As to the issue of child maintenance, I am satisfied that the wife would be
able to adequately provide for the children’s financial needs with the help of
child maintenance from the husband who in the proceedings below had consented
to continue maintaining the children. I find that the monthly sum of $3,500
asked for by the wife is fair, reasonable and in no way exaggerated. I
therefore order the husband to pay a monthly sum of $3,500 for maintenance of
both children starting from 1 January 2012.

8 Save for the wife’s claim for her own maintenance in the sum of $1,000 per
month, and the wife’s claim for a 50:50 division of the matrimonial home less
the outstanding mortgage loan, the appeal is allowed in the manner described
above with costs. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties are at liberty to
agree on the open market value of the matrimonial home, failing which the
parties shall jointly obtain a valuation report for the matrimonial home
within one month from the date hereof, with the parties bearing the costs of
valuation as to 60% by the husband and 40% by the wife. The wife is to
immediately transfer her title and interest in the matrimonial home to the
husband upon the husband paying to her a sum equivalent to her 40% share in
the open market value of the matrimonial home less the outstanding mortgage
loan within three months from the date hereof.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

