Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Out of the Box Pte Ltd _v_ Wanin Industries Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 95

Case Number| :| Suit No 317 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 326 of 2011 and
Registrar' Appeal No 330 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tham Wei Chern and Ivan Lim (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the plaintiff; Aqbal Singh s/o Kuldip Singh and Adeline Chong (Pinnacle Law
LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Out of the Box Pte Ltd — Wanin Industries Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 61 of
2012 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 17 October 2012. See [2013] SGCA
15.]

4 May 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 In 2007, Out of the Box Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) designed a sports drink
known as “18”. In the hope that that “18” would eventually become a global
brand, the plaintiff spent more than $700,000 to advertise and promote the
brand. Wanin Industries Pte Ltd (“the defendant”) was a manufacturer
contracted by the plaintiff to produce “18”. In breach of contract, the
defendant supplied defective quantities of “18” which were either of a
different colour from what was agreed between the parties or contained foreign
particles. Following an advisory warning by the Agri-Food and Veterinary
Authority of Singapore, the plaintiff recalled stocks of “18” and subsequently
decided to discontinue the brand. At the assessment stage, the plaintiff’s
main claim in damages was for its “reliance loss” or various advertising and
promotional expenses incurred relying on its manufacturing contract with the
defendant. The breakdown of the relevant expenses on appeal is as follows:

_Supplier_ |  _Amount_  
---|---  
Act Media Singapore Pte Ltd (“Act Media”) |  $342,658.01  
Clear Channel Singapore Pte Ltd (“Clear Channel”) |  $74,900  
Groovy Pte Ltd (“Groovy”) |  $50,000  
The Catalyst Agency Pte Ltd (“Catalyst”) |  $199,369.87  
  
  

2 In an agreement dated 15 December 2006, distinct from that between the
plaintiff and defendant, Act Media purchased from the plaintiff the rights to
use advertising space at various golf courses (“golf media rights”). Pursuant
to the purchase agreement, the plaintiff was entitled to license golf media
rights from Act Media, and to set off the fees incurred up to an amount of
$600,000 ($600,000 worth of “advertising credits”). In August 2008, the
plaintiff negotiated with Act Media to use the balance of the advertising
credits ($342,658.01 at the time) for the promotion of “18”. It is pertinent
to note that the advertising credits could only be used to obtain services
from the relevant agency, were not assignable or transferable, and would have
expired if they were unused by the end of 2008 (although the plaintiff could
extend the utilization period on showing special circumstances). Moreover, the
plaintiff had no other product for which it could have obtained advertising
services.

3 In respect of expenses incurred with Clear Channel, the plaintiff claimed
$74,900 for bus-stop advertisements placed in December 2008. The
advertisements were paid for, not in cash, but by way of redemption of a prize
won in a competition (with the exception of $4,900 incurred as GST which was
discharged in cash). Again, the prize was not assignable or transferable and
would have expired if it was unused by 31 December 2008.

4 For both categories of the above expenses, the defendant’s primary objection
related to the fact that the advertisements were obtained through the
redemption of credits or a prize with no market value. Thus, the defendant
alleged that the plaintiff did not suffer pecuniary loss in respect of the
advertisements. The defendant’s second argument was that the plaintiff had
benefited from the marketing exposure generated by the advertisements. This
particular argument can be easily dispensed with. The Assistant Registrar
rightly held that any direct benefit accruing to the plaintiff would have been
accounted for in the deduction of sales revenue from the claim amount, while
any indirect benefit (such as goodwill) would be wasted in light of the
discontinuation of the brand.

5 The Assistant Registrar found that the plaintiff had indeed suffered
pecuniary loss. However, he classified the plaintiff’s loss as the loss of the
value of the advertising credits and prize respectively, rather than the loss
of the advertising services obtained upon their redemption. In his view,
advertising services cannot exist in a vacuum and must be attached to or be
used for a particular product. Since the plaintiff had no other product for
which the advertising services could be used, the Assistant Registrar reasoned
that the plaintiff’s loss was in reality the loss of the ability to obtain
future advertising services, namely, the loss of the credits/prize. The
Assistant Registrar then calculated the “objective value” of the credits and
prize. For the Clear Channel prize, he assessed the value as S$49,000 by
applying a discount of 30% to the prize due to its fast-approaching expiry
date and non-transferability. A lower discount rate of 20% was applied to the
Act Media credits, in light of the fact that the expiry date could be
extended. In doing so, the Assistant Registrar drew attention to the fact that
the plaintiff was no longer distributing “18” or any other product. In his
view, this necessarily meant that the plaintiff’s loss was the loss of the
advertising credits or prize. I do not agree with this view. I think that it
would be wrong to link the plaintiff’s loss with an existing product. That was
besides the point as the plaintiff’s lack of a product was directly caused by
the defendant’s breach. Once the court awards a monetary substitute for the
lost services, it no longer concerns itself with whether the plaintiff would
actually use the money to purchase those services (see _Ruxley Electronics &
Construction Ltd v Forsyth_ [1996] AC 344).

6 Instead, the plaintiff’s loss would be more appropriately defined as the
loss of the value of the advertising services. While compensation for
‘reliance loss’ usually aims to put the injured party in his pre-contractual
position, this shorthand is not useful in this particular case. I am of the
view that the fundamental principle of compensation should apply, namely, that
the measure of damages should be “that sum of money which will put the party
who has been injured, or who has suffered, in the same position as he would
have been in if he had not sustained the wrong for which he is now getting his
compensation” (see _Livingstone v Rawyards Coal Co_ (1880) 5 App Cas 25).
Here, the plaintiff’s position _sans_ breach would entail possession of the
advertising services, and a product to use them on. Giving effect to the
underlying principle of compensation, the plaintiff’s loss was the value of
the advertising services it would have retained had the contract been
performed. However, having reached this definition, we now face the difficulty
of putting a figure to this loss.

7 Even in a claim for reliance loss, the fundamental principle of compensation
requires that damages should put the injured party in the same position as he
would have been if not for the breach. The focus is therefore on promised
performance. This principle comes from the idea that recovery for reliance
loss is an alternative means of protecting the expectation interest of the
plaintiff. In A.S. Burrows on _Remedies for Torts and Breach of Contract_
(Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2004) at [70], the author explained the
basis of reliance damages as follows:

As the courts will not knowingly award reliance damages which put the claimant
into a better position than if the contract had been performed, the best
interpretation of the cases awarding reliance damages is that they are
concerned to protect the claimant’s expectation interest, albeit in a
different way than the expectation is normally protected. That is, one can say
that the law accepts an alternative way of putting the claimant into as good a
position as if the contract had been performed, because it allows the claimant
the benefit of a presumption, rebuttable by the defendant, that the claimant
has not made a bad bargain. Hence, where the claimant can prove its reliance
expenses, this rebuttable presumption enables it to recover that amount on the
ground that if the contract had been performed it would at the very least have
made gains to cover those expenses...

On the other hand, it may at first sight appear puzzling why, on this
interpretation, the courts are willing to give the claimant the benefit of a
rebuttable presumption that it would have recouped its expenses. But it is
submitted that this is simply a consequence of the fact that the defendant is
a contract-breaker. It is as a result of breach by the defendant that one does
not know what the position would have been had the contract been performed. It
is therefore only fair and proper that the problems of proving that the
claimant would not have recouped its reliance loss should fall on the
contract-breaker and not on the innocent claimant.

That approach was followed in _Anglia Television v Reed_ [1972] QB 60(“
_Anglia Television_ ”) and _C.C.C. Films (London) v Impact Quadrant Films_
[1985] QB 16 (“ _C.C.C Films_ ”). In the former case, the English Court of
Appeal held that recovery of pre-contractual expenditure is permissible if it
was within the parties’ contemplation that such expenditure would probably be
wasted upon breach. Thus the editors of _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 18th Ed., 2009) at [2-033] remarked:

This presents something of a halfway house between [damages for gains
prevented by the breach and expenses rendered futile by the breach], for it
does more than put the claimant in his pre-contractual position and to that
extent seems difficult to justify. It is submitted that the decision should be
regarded as based on the assumption that a contracting party expects to cover
his expenses by the profit he makes and as therefore giving him his potential
loss of profit to the limit of his expenditure, whether pre-contractual or
post-contractual.

8 Both _Anglia Television v Reed_ and _C.C.C Films_ are consistent with the
proposition that the burden of proof is generally placed on the defendant to
show that the bargain was bad and that the plaintiff would not have recouped
its expenditure. However, the foregoing cases can be distinguished from the
present one for a number of reasons, most significantly due to the present
plaintiff’s inability to even prove its loss with respect to Clear Channel and
Act Media. The plaintiff must prove his loss, even though the law does not
require him to prove with certainty the exact amount of damage. Moreover,
faced with an inability to put a value to the services lost, the question of
whether the benefit of them would have become profits (but for the defendant’s
breach) is entirely speculative. The difficulty is that, unlike in the cases
cited above, the plaintiff here is not claiming for out-of-pocket losses ie.
money losses borne personally by the plaintiff. The court is confronted with
the task of assessing the value of the advertising services rendered futile,
but this is an assessment which is subjective and imprecise at best, and
perhaps, even impossible in the absence of at least some objective evidence.
The value of the advertising services in terms of any goodwill or publicity
generated is unquantifiable. Moreover, while it would usually be appropriate
to take the invoice price of the services at face value barring evidence to
the contrary, the situation changes significantly where the services are
procured using fast-expiring credits or prizes.

9 There was no evidence that the value of the relevant services was
commensurate with their “sticker” price. This was because the latter could
have an element of arbitrariness depending on the balance of the advertising
credits remaining at the time that they were used (which the plaintiff had to
utilize fully or else allow to lapse). Notwithstanding that uncertainty, it is
the plaintiff’s responsibility to provide some means of gauging the extent of
its loss. The plaintiff must satisfy the court both as to the fact of damage
and as to its amount, or else be awarded nominal damages at most. Furthermore,
it is for the plaintiff to prove that the expenses claimed would be recouped
on the balance of probabilities. Due to the ill-defined nature of the
plaintiff’s loss, the current situation is not one which justifies the
imposition of the burden on the defendant. Taking into account the present
plaintiff’s inability to provide the necessary evidence, I disallow its claim
for the Act Media and Clear Channel expenses.

10 The plaintiff claimed $50,000 for photography expenses incurred with
Groovy. The defendant objected on the grounds that these expenses were
inflated, unusual or special such as to warrant further scrutiny pursuant to
the decision in _Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd
and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623. As held in _Thode Gerd Walter v Mintwell
Industry Pte Ltd and others_ [2010] SGHC 33 at [39]–[40], as long as the
plaintiff provided cogent evidence of its loss, there is no general
requirement at law that the makers of any quotations or invoices adduced must
explain them in court. However, an explanation may be warranted where the
figures in the quotation or invoice appear to be inflated, unusual or special,
so as to cast doubt as to whether or not the expenses were in fact incurred.
In the present instance, the plaintiff adduced evidence of all relevant
invoices and supporting documents. Nevertheless, the defendant argued that it
was not enough for the plaintiff to merely produce these invoices, if the
invoices themselves give rise to a doubt as to the services charged or the
quantum of the fee charged. The defendant denied that the plaintiff had
adequately proved its loss on a number of grounds. According to Mr James Quek
of Groovy, the plaintiff’s bill was based on a number of factors including
out-of-pocket fees charged by models, stylists and photographers, as well as
various overhead expenses. However, the defendant relied on evidence that
Groovy’s models and stylists had not been paid in order to allege that those
fees were irrelevant to the overall amount it had charged the plaintiff.
Moreover, the defendant also attempted to rely on isolated quotations and
invoices from two other photography studios to assert that Groovy’s bills were
unusually high, such as to warrant closer scrutiny. Finally, the defendant
alleged that the “nexus between Groovy and the Plaintiff [was] a close one”
and sought to draw an inference that the fees charged were inflated or unusual
from the fact that a plaintiff witness, Mr Tan Muey Hwa (“Mr Tan”), was a
former director of Groovy and that Groovy had not taken any action against the
plaintiff despite the latter’s failure to pay its outstanding bills. In
rebuttal to the defendant’s assertion, the plaintiff called witnesses and
adduced photographic evidence of the final work product in order to explain
the invoices and the work done by Groovy.

11 In my view, the plaintiff had adduced sufficient evidence to show that it
had in fact incurred the Groovy expenses, and it did not need to justify the
breakdown of Groovy’s charges in minute detail. On the other hand, the
defendant’s allegations that the plaintiff had been overcharged by Groovy
because of some “nexus” between them was not adequately proved. Finally, the
quotes on which the defendant relied were inadmissible by virtue of the
hearsay rule, and the defendant did not call any witnesses or adduce any other
evidence to prove that Groovy’s fees were inflated, unusual or special. As
such, the Assistant Registrar was entitled to accept the plaintiff witness Mr
Tan’s uncontradicted testimony that the quotes adduced by the defendant were
for a different product and scope of work, and were not comparable with the
work undertaken by Groovy for “18”. In these circumstances, I accept the
Assistant Registrar’s finding that the plaintiff’s loss with regard to Groovy
was the $50,000 claimed.

12 The plaintiff engaged the advertising agency Catalyst to run the
advertising campaign for “18”, including overseeing its strategy, creating the
slogan, and designing various packaging and promotional materials. The
expenses in relation to Catalyst amounted to a sum of $199,369.87. The
defendant raised various objections to the nature of the evidence adduced by
the plaintiff. In relation to Catalyst’s fees for the strategy, concept and
strapline for “18”, the defendant suggested that Catalyst was not involved in
the development of the product because the plaintiff had already decided on
the name “18 for Life” and had registered a trademark for the same before
engaging Catalyst’s services. In relation to Catalyst’s fees for the bottle
label designs, the defendant asserted that the final draft designs could have
been completed in a modest number of hours. Moreover, Catalyst was obliged
under the contract to provide written cost estimates but failed to do so
without any explanation. The defendant argued that the absence of pre-
estimates and man hour breakdown, coupled with “the fact that [the] final work
produced could easily have been done in a number of hours”, the “irresistible
inference was that Catalyst’s invoice did not reflect the true value of work
done”. In this situation, the defendant appeared to be conflating the issue of
the “true value of the work done” with the loss suffered by the plaintiff. The
purpose of the assessment hearing is merely to satisfy the court as to the
latter. Services generally, and advertising services in particular, are
notoriously difficult to evaluate, and speculations about how much effort went
into developing a certain concept or catchphrase are futile and unhelpful.
Without the defendant providing evidence that the fees appear inflated,
unusual or special, the plaintiff need only adduce cogent evidence that
Catalyst had indeed charged the plaintiff for the expenses claimed. The
plaintiff has discharged this burden by producing the relevant invoices,
correspondence and resulting work.

13 Since the plaintiff had failed to prove its loss in relation to the Act
Media and Clear Channel services, I shall confine my consideration of
remoteness of damage to the expenses incurred in relation to Groovy and
Catalyst. In _MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd and another v Fish & Co Restaurants Pte
Ltd and another appeal_ [2011] 1 SLR 150 (“ _MFM Restaurants_ ”), the Court of
Appeal reaffirmed that the two limbs set out in _Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9
Exch 341 (“ _Hadley v Baxendale_ ”) as continuing to govern the doctrine of
remoteness of damage in contract law. In cases of breach, a plaintiff is only
entitled to recover such part of the losses occasioning as was, at the time of
contracting, within the parties’ reasonable contemplation as a not unlikely
result of the breach. This in turn depends on the knowledge then possessed by
the parties. As explained by Lord Asquith LJ in _Victoria Laundry (Windsor)
Ltd v Newman Industries Ld_ [1949] 2 KB 528 (“ _Victoria Laundry_ ”),

... knowledge “possessed” is of two kinds; one imputed, the other actual.
Everyone, as a reasonable person, is taken to know the “ordinary course of
things” and consequently what loss is liable to result from a breach of
contract in that ordinary course. This is the subject matter of the “first
rule” in _Hadley v Baxendale_. But to this knowledge, which a contract-breaker
is assumed to possess whether he actually possesses it or not, there may have
to be added in a particular case knowledge which he actually possesses, of
special circumstances outside the “ordinary course of things”, of such a kind
that a breach of those special circumstances would be liable to cause more
loss. Such a case attracts the operation of the “second rule” so as to make
additional loss also recoverable.

The defendant’s general objection was that the overall amount claimed could
not have been within the parties’ reasonable contemplation. The defendant
contended that as far as they were concerned, the agreement with the plaintiff
was a straightforward supply contract for modest quantities of “18” (the
minimum order being just 1 trailer load) for a minimum term of two years, and
that the expenses were part of an excessive and speculative brand building
exercise. As such, the advertising expenses claimed should rightly fall under
the “second rule” in _Hadley v Baxendale_. In determining what was within
parties’ reasonable contemplation, the defendant submitted that the court must
examine the parties’ intention in the context of the commercial reality of the
transaction. The defendant alleged that it had not assumed financial
responsibility for the plaintiff’s branding exercise as it had no obligation
under the contract to help build the “18” brand. It contended that the
Assistant Registrar did not examine the true “bargain” between the contracting
parties and instead committed the error of re-writing the contract between the
parties.

14 At the outset, it is to be noted that the Court of Appeal in _MFM
Restaurants_ declined to follow Lord Hoffmann’s approach based on assumption
of responsibility in _Transfield Shipping Inc v Mercator Shipping Inc_ [2009]
1 AC 61, “except to the extent that the learned law lord’s reliance on the
concept of assumption of responsibility by the defendant is already
incorporated or embodied in both limbs in _Hadley_ itself.” Thus, the
principles laid down in _Hadley v Baxendale_ are entirely consistent with the
essence of the contract as an agreement (_MFM Restaurants_ at [108]). Had the
parties in the current case given thought about the issue, they would in all
likelihood, as reasonable parties, have agreed that the defendant should be
liable for the advertising expenses as “ordinary” damage in the event of a
breach.

15 The argument that the defendant did not assume responsibility for building
the “18” brand is unsound, given that it certainly had a duty not to undermine
the brand. While the nature and circumstances of the contract can shed light
on what was within the reasonable contemplation of the parties, they did not
suggest to me that the amounts presently claimed were “unusual damage” not
flowing naturally from the breach. It is obvious that “18”, being a new
product in the competitive sports drink market, would need to be promoted
aggressively. The defendant must have known, or it must be reasonably imputed
to the defendant, that the plaintiff would incur expenses in advertising and
promoting “18”, and that those expenses would be wasted should the brand be
jeopardized. Furthermore, since advertising expenses as a whole must have been
in the reasonable contemplation of the parties, such loss should be
recoverable regardless of its quantum. However, as _Chitty on Contracts_ (H G
Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008) vol 1 mentions at [26-058],
while the precise details of the loss need not be contemplated by the parties,
the application of the test for remoteness to given facts depends largely on
the judicial discretion to categorise losses in various ways. For example in
_Victoria Laundry_ , the court distinguished between loss of profits generally
and loss of profits from especially lucrative contracts. In this case, I agree
with the Assistant Registrar that there is a qualitative difference between
expenses incurred in nationwide advertising and expenses incurred in regional
or international advertising. The former but not the latter should be in the
reasonable contemplation of the parties as there had been no reference
anywhere in the contract or communications between the parties of the prospect
of “18” branching out overseas. Furthermore, I accept the Assistant
Registrar’s estimate of $40,000 as the premium charged by Catalyst because of
the reasonable possibility of “18” becoming an international product. I
therefore reduce the damages with regard to these expenses by $40,000.

16 Finally, a plaintiff should only be entitled to recover its wasted
expenditure to the extent that such expenses could have been recouped if the
contract had been performed (see _C.C.C Films_ at 32). In the present case,
the defendant’s breach in supplying defective “18” was a direct cause of the
termination of the brand after less than four months of sales, making it
impossible for the plaintiff to prove with any kind of certainty the profits
it would otherwise have made. Thus, with regard to the Groovy and Catalyst
expenses, the onus of proving that the plaintiff would not recoup its
expenditure will fall upon the defendant as a contract breaker. The defendant
argued that the sums incurred (in excess of $200,000 excluding the amounts
claimed for Act Media and Clear Channel) would not, on a balance of
probabilities, have been recovered within the two year contract period of the
Agreement. The defendant alleged that the plaintiff’s failure to prepare any
sales projection for “18” indicated that it had no expectation that the costs
would be recouped. This was compounded by evidence that sales of “18” were
modest at best. Revenue generated was only $22,000 from October 2008 to
January 2009. Furthermore, the defendant asserted that the Assistant Registrar
erred in making the assumption that the parties would have extended the
Agreement beyond the minimum term of two years stipulated in the Agreement.
The defendant relied on the Court of Appeal’s proposition in _Latham Scott v
Credit Suisse First Boston_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 30 that the _Hadley v Baxendale_
principle should not be used to extend the potential amount of damages to
circumstances in which the party at fault had no legal obligations, such as in
_Commonwealth of Australia v Amann Aviation Pty Ltd_ (1991) ALJR 123 (“ _Amann
Aviation_ ”). Nonetheless, I am persuaded that it must have been within the
parties’ reasonable contemplation that “18” would be sold for a potentially
longer period than two years. That assumption did not, however, amount to
conferring damages for loss of a benefit not the subject of legal obligation.
Even if the defendant did not renew the supply contract, this would not
necessarily have meant that “18” would be discontinued. I do not see why the
plaintiff could not simply have found another supplier in replacement. This
case is to be distinguished from _Amann Aviation_ where any prospect of the
plaintiff recouping its expenditure was entirely dependent on whether or not
it secured a renewal of its contract with the defendant. Thus, there is no
logical basis in the present case for requiring the plaintiff to recoup its
expenditure within the strict time interval of two years. Therefore, bearing
in mind the prospective growth in sales over time as “18” gained marketing
exposure, as well as the initial possibility of the brand being in circulation
for a number of years, I am of the view that there was insufficient evidence
that the plaintiff would have been unable to recoup its expenditure in due
course.

17 For the above reasons, I award the plaintiff the following sums as damages:

(a) $1,000 as nominal damages for the Clear Channel expenses;

(b) $1,000 as nominal damages for the Act Media expenses;

(c) $50,000 for the Groovy expenses; and

(d) $164,369.87 for the Catalyst expenses.

I also uphold the Assistant Registrar’s awards for the following expenses:

(e) $1,637.10 for the Procolor expenses;

(f) $3,210 for the Big Bulb expenses;

(g) $26,373.09 for the Raffles Digital expenses;

(h) $4,638.95 for the miscellaneous advertising expenses;

(i) $39,648.90 for the payments for drinks and bottle moulds;

(j) $36,241.82 for warehouse and forklift expenses;

(k) $7,549.29 for expenses incurred as a result of recall; and

(l) $15,657.19 for the fridge and vending machine expenses.

After deducting the $22,071.91 of sales revenue, the damages awarded amount to
$329,254.30. I will hear the question of costs on another date if parties are
unable to agree on a sum.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

