Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lew Chee Fai Kevin _v_ Monetary Authority of Singapore  
[2012] SGCA 12

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 123 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Thio Shen Yi SC, Leow Yuan An Clara Vivien and Charmaine
Kong (TSMP Law Corporation) for the appellant; Cavinder Bull SC, Yarni Loi and
Gerui Lim (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lew Chee Fai Kevin — Monetary Authority of Singapore  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 4 SLR 209.]

10 February 2012|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the judgment of the trial judge (“the Judge”) for
Suit No 71 of 2009 in _Monetary Authority of Singapore v Lew Chee Fai Kevin_
[2010] 4 SLR 209 (“the Judgment”). The appellant, Kevin Lew Chee Fai (“Lew”),
was found liable for insider trading under s 218 of the Securities and Futures
Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SFA”) and was penalised with a civil penalty
under s 232(2) of the SFA. The gist of the case against Lew was that he sold
90,000 of his shares in WBL Corporate Private Limited (“WBL”) on 4 July 2007
(“the material time”), when he was in possession of non-public price-sensitive
information about WBL which he had acquired at an internal executive meeting
held on 2 July 2007. We dismissed the appeal and now give the detailed grounds
for our decision.

2 By way of general background, the SFA imposes both civil and criminal
penalties for the offence of insider trading as defined in s 218 (which
applies to “connected persons” as defined in s 218(5)) and s 219 (which
applies to all other persons) of the SFA, respectively. Section 218 is the
relevant section in this appeal. Under s 221 of the SFA, a defendant may be
criminally prosecuted for contravening s 218 (which we will refer to hereafter
as “criminal insider trading”). Alternatively, the Monetary Authority of
Singapore (“MAS”), the respondent in this appeal, may bring a civil action
against the defendant for the same (which we will refer to hereafter as “civil
insider trading”). This was the first civil insider trading case to be
litigated under the SFA since it was passed in 2001 and the first to be
appealed to the Court of Appeal. In previous cases of civil insider trading,
MAS had availed itself of its power under s 232(5) of the SFA to enter into
agreements with the alleged insider traders to pay civil penalties, thereby
dispensing with the need for litigation. In fact, since Parliament eschewed
the “person-connected approach” (see [50] below for elaboration) under the
now-repealed Securities Industries Act (Cap 289) in favour of the
“information-connected approach” (see [51] below for elaboration) under the
SFA, this was the first opportunity for this court to holistically examine the
elements that constitute inside information (which elements would, of course,
apply equally to criminal insider trading).

3 This appeal was heard together with Civil Appeals Nos 149 and 150 of 2010,
which were, respectively, an appeal and a cross-appeal from a separate but
related suit, Suit No 129 of 2008. Suit No 129 of 2008 was also jointly heard
with Suit No 71 of 2009 before the Judge. In Suit No 129 of 2008, Lew sought
specific performance of WBL’s obligation to issue him shares under its
Executive Share Option Scheme. It was undisputed that the funds Lew had used
to exercise his share options under WBL’s Executive Share Option Scheme had
come from his sale of 90,000 of his shares in WBL (see [1] above), which was
the transaction alleged to constitute insider trading in the context of the
present appeal. The substantive merits of Civil Appeals Nos 149 and 150 of
2010 will be dealt with in a separate judgment (see _WBL Corporation Ltd v Lew
Chee Fai Kevin_ [2012] SGCA 13).

The parties involved

Lew

4 Lew was a senior employee at WBL. He was a trained accountant and had joined
WBL as its Group Financial Controller in 1998. At the material time, he was
the Group General Manager of WBL’s Enterprise Risk Management group, which was
in charge of developing and implementing an enterprise-wide risk management
strategy for WBL. Lew resigned from WBL on 19 July 2007.

MAS

5 MAS is the respondent in the appeal and the plaintiff in Suit 71 of 2009
below. Under s 232 of the SFA, MAS may, with the consent of the Public
Prosecutor, seek a civil penalty against a person whom it believes has
contravened any provision in Pt XII of the SFA (_ie_ , the “Market Conduct”
provisions). This was in fact MAS’s approach in the present case.

WBL and its senior personnel

6 WBL is the company whose shares (referred to hereafter as “WBL shares”) were
the subject of the alleged insider trading. It is a public company listed on
the Singapore Exchange Ltd (“SGX”). At the material time, it had about 90
active subsidiaries. Its principal business is in Technology Manufacturing,
Automotive Distribution, Technology Solutions and Investments. Its Technology
Manufacturing Division was the main contributor to WBL’s turnover,
contributing more than 50% in 2006 and 2007. The substance of the alleged
inside information concerned the financial performance of three subsidiaries
under the Technology Manufacturing Division: Multi-Fineline Electronix Inc
(“M-Flex”), MFS Technology Ltd (“MFS”) and Wearnes Precision (Thailand)
Limited (“WPT”), respectively.

7 At the material time, in addition to Lew, who (as just mentioned) was WBL’s
Group General Manager for Enterprise Risk Management, WBL’s senior management
consisted of the following persons: (a) Mr Tan Choon Seng (“C S Tan”) as its
Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”); (b) Mr Wong Hein Jee (“Wong”) as its Chief
Financial Officer; and (c) Mr Tan Swee Hong (“Swee Hong”) as its Company
Secretary and Group General Manager for Legal and Compliance.

8 C S Tan, Wong and Swee Hong were MAS’s witnesses at the trial. Mr Soh Yew
Hock (“Soh”), a non-independent and executive director of WBL, testified for
Lew. Soh retired on 16 July 2007 and was no longer with WBL at the time of the
trial. He was not present at the internal executive meeting at which the
inside information was allegedly acquired by Lew (see [12]–[14] below).

The expert witnesses

9 Lew’s expert witness was Mr Timothy James Reid, a partner at Ferrier
Hogdson, a firm that specialises in corporate turnover and restructuring.
MAS’s expert witness was Mr Christopher Chong Meng Tak (“Chong”). Chong is a
financial and corporate consultant based in Singapore and is currently a
director of ACH Investments Pte Ltd, a specialist corporate advisory firm with
operations in Australia, China, India, Singapore and the US.

The chronology of events

10 An insider trading transaction generally comprises three important events:

(a) the acquisition of inside information by the alleged insider/defendant;

(b) the _acting_ on the inside information by the alleged insider/defendant
(_eg_ , by buying or selling the shares of the company concerned); and

(c) the subsequent release of the inside information into the public domain.

11 In the present case, the factual background was not disputed by the
parties. What was disputed was _the significance and reliability_ of the
information which Lew received and the interpretation of the market behaviour
of WBL’s share price after that information was released to the public.

Event No 1 – The 2 July 2007 General Management Council meeting

12 General Management Council (“GMC”) meetings were instituted in WBL in 2004
to support the Board of Directors in strategic, operational and financial
matters. The weekly GMC meetings were chaired by C S Tan and attended by
members of WBL’s senior management. The agenda for the meetings depended on
whether the meetings were operational or financial meetings. At financial
meetings, it was common for financial forecasts to be presented by WBL’s
finance department. The presentation materials were not distributed because of
their confidential nature. It was at such a GMC meeting, held on 2 July 2007
(“the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting”), that Lew acquired the alleged inside
information.

Information (A): WBL’s forecast loss for the third quarter of the financial
year for 2007

13 The 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting was a financial meeting. It was held two days
after 30 June 2007, the date on which the third quarter of the financial year
for 2007 (“3Q FY07”) ended. At the meeting, there was a presentation of WBL’s
financial forecasts for 3Q FY07 and the fourth quarter of the financial year
for 2007. The presentation forecasted that WBL would make a loss of either
$2.3m (_excluding_ M-Flex’s and MFS’s forecasted performance) or $0.4m
(_including_ M-Flex’s and MFS’s forecasted performance). The forecast was
based on the actual results for April and May 2007 as well as the estimated
results for June 2007. The forecast did not take into account the possible
impairment charge on WPT that is referred to in [14] below.

Information (B): The impairment charge over WPT

14 WBL’s subsidiary, WPT, had been making significant losses for some time.
During previous GMC meetings, the possibility of WBL taking an impairment
charge over WPT had already been discussed. An impairment charge is a one-time
write-off against a company’s assets. The effect of the impairment charge
would be to adjust the book value of the company’s assets downwards to reflect
their fair value, and this is reflected as a _loss_ on the company’s profit
and loss statement. In the present case, _the parties did not dispute that the
need for WBL to take an impairment charge over WPT was discussed at the 2 July
2007 GMC Meeting._ Rather, they disputed the degree of _likelihood_ , as
evinced during the discussion at the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting, of such an
impairment charge being taken. MAS argued that it was very likely that an
impairment charge would be taken over WPT, whereas Lew argued that no actual
decision was made at the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting on whether or not such an
impairment charge would be taken and that, even if a decision had been made,
the quantum of the impairment charge had not yet been decided.

Lew’s conversation with Swee Hong after the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting

15 After the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting, Lew had a conversation with Swee Hong.
The exact nature of the conversation was disputed. MAS contended that Lew
sought Swee Hong’s advice, in her capacity as WBL’s Group General Manager for
Legal and Compliance, as to whether he could sell his WBL shares in the light
of what had been revealed at the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting. Lew denied that he
had sought Swee Hong’s advice and contended that the conversation “did not
amount to advice”[note: 1] from Swee Hong that he should not sell his WBL
shares because the information disclosed at the meeting was price-sensitive.
In our view, this dispute of fact is immaterial. Regardless of whether Lew had
actually sought Swee Hong’s advice, it was undisputed that Swee Hong had told
Lew that it would not be prudent for him to sell his WBL shares because the
information at the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting was price-sensitive.

Event No 2 – Lew’s sale of 90,000 of his WBL shares on 4 July 2007

16 Two days after the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting, _ie_ , on 4 July 2007, Lew sold
90,000 of his WBL shares in three tranches of 30,000 shares each at $4.98 per
share (collectively, “the Transaction”).

17 On 5 July 2007, Lew e-mailed Swee Hong to inform her about the Transaction.
This was in accordance with WBL’s internal procedures for the sale and
purchase of WBL shares by WBL’s senior management. On 9 July 2007, Swee Hong
replied stating that, in her view, the Transaction might be construed as
insider trading because Lew possessed price-sensitive information from the 2
July 2007 GMC Meeting. On the same day (9 July 2007), Lew replied stating that
he had sold his shares to raise cash to exercise his share options under WBL’s
Executive Share Option Scheme. He also stated that he did not think the
matters discussed at the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting were price-sensitive, but
that if Swee Hong considered his explanation insufficient, he would promptly
buy back the same number of WBL shares at no less than the price at which he
had sold his WBL shares. On the same day, Lew also submitted the requisite
notices under the WBL’s Executive Share Option Scheme as were necessary to
exercise his share options.

18 Swee Hong replied on 10 July 2007 pointing out that Lew had sought her
advice on 2 July 2007, and that she had advised then that it would not be
prudent for him to deal in WBL shares in the light of the 2 July 2007 GMC
Meeting. She then advised that it would nevertheless be improper for him to
repurchase the same number of WBL shares from the market.

Event No 3 – Release of the alleged inside information by WBL after the 2 July
2007 GMC Meeting

19 The following table reflects the information released by WBL after the 2
July 2007 GMC Meeting:

Date and Time |  Event  
---|---  
12 July 2007, 12.40pm |  WBL issued a profit warning on the SGX website in respect of M-Flex, _ie_ , that M-Flex had experienced an unanticipated sequential decline in earnings for 3Q FY07 and that it expected its net income to decline sequentially to a loss.  
17 July 2007, 6.16am |  MFS issued a profit warning in the range of a $2.5m to $3m loss in 3Q FY07.  
17 July 2007, 5.48pm |  WBL issued its own profit warning, without advising as to the quantum of the expected loss. It specifically mentioned the losses suffered by M-Flex, MFS and WPT as reasons for its expected loss.  
14 August 2007 |  WBL released its financial statement for 3Q FY07. This included a loss of $27.3m, of which $26.6m consisted of an impairment charge taken over WPT’s assets.  
  
  

20 The market evidence regarding how the stock market reacted to the release
of the information tabulated above will be examined below (see [122]–[136]).
We note that the nature of the information released by WBL as tabulated above
was similar but not completely identical to the inside information Lew was
alleged to possess (explained further at [109] below).

Subsequent developments for Lew

21 On 12 July 2007, C S Tan asked Lew to give a statement to the law firm,
Allen and Gledhill LLP (“A&G”), in respect of the Transaction. After A&G took
a statement from Lew, he was summarily suspended from duty with immediate
effect. On 17 July 2007, WBL lodged a Suspicious Transaction Report with the
Commercial Affairs Department in respect of the Transaction. On 11 September
2007, MAS examined Lew pursuant to s 154 of the SFA and took a statement from
him.

22 It should be noted that Lew did not sell all his WBL shares and still
possessed 227,771 of such shares at the time of these proceedings.

The issues arising in this appeal

23 MAS’s claim against Lew was based on s 218 of the SFA (“s 218”), which sets
out what is “prohibited conduct by [a] connected person in possession of
inside information”. Section 218 reads as follows:

**Prohibited conduct by connected person in possession of inside information**

**218.** —(1) Subject to this Division, where —

(_a_) a person who is connected to a corporation possesses information
concerning that corporation that is not generally available but, if the
information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to
have a material effect on the price or value of securities of that
corporation; and

(_b_) the connected person knows or ought reasonably to know that —

(i) the information is not generally available; and

(ii) if it were generally available, it might have a material effect on the
price or value of those securities of that corporation,

subsections (2), (3), (4), (5) and (6) shall apply.

(1A) Subject to this Division, where —

(_a_) a person who is connected to any corporation, where such corporation —

(i) in relation to a business trust, acts as its trustee or manages or
operates the business trust; or

(ii) in relation to a collective investment scheme that invests primarily in
real estate and real estate-related assets specified by [MAS] in the Code on
Collective Investment Schemes and all or any units of which are listed on a
securities exchange, is the trustee or manager of the scheme,

possesses information concerning that corporation, business trust or scheme,
as the case may be, that is not generally available but, if the information
were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a
material effect on the price or value of securities of that corporation, of
securities of that business trust or of units in that scheme, as the case may
be; and

(_b_) the connected person knows or ought reasonably to know that —

(i) the information is not generally available; and

(ii) if it were generally available, it might have a material effect on the
price or value of those securities of that corporation, of those securities of
that business trust or of those units in that scheme, as the case may be,

subsections (2), (3), (4A), (5) and (6) shall apply.

(2) The connected person must not (whether as principal or agent) —

(_a_) subscribe for, purchase or sell, or enter into an agreement to subscribe
for, purchase or sell, any such securities referred to in subsection (1) or
(1A), as the case may be; or

(_b_) procure another person to subscribe for, purchase or sell, or to enter
into an agreement to subscribe for, purchase or sell, any such securities
referred to in subsection (1) or (1A), as the case may be.

(3) Where trading in the securities referred to in subsection (1) or (1A) is
permitted on the securities market of a securities exchange or futures market
of a futures exchange, the connected person must not, directly or indirectly,
communicate the information, or cause the information to be communicated, to
another person if the connected person knows, or ought reasonably to know,
that the other person would or would be likely to —

(_a_) subscribe for, purchase or sell, or enter into an agreement to subscribe
for, purchase or sell, any such securities; or

(_b_) procure a third person to subscribe for, purchase or sell, or to enter
into an agreement to subscribe for, purchase or sell, any such securities.

(4) In any proceedings for a contravention of subsection (2) or (3) against a
person connected to a corporation referred to in subsection (1), where the
prosecution or plaintiff proves that the connected person was at the material
time —

(_a_) in possession of information concerning the corporation to which he was
connected; and

(_b_) the information was not generally available,

it shall be presumed, until the contrary is proved, that the connected person
knew at the material time that —

(i) the information was not generally available; and

(ii) if the information were generally available, it might have a material
effect on the price or value of securities of that corporation.

(4A) In any proceedings for a contravention of subsection (2) or (3) against a
person connected to a corporation which —

(_a_) in relation to a business trust, acts as its trustee or manages or
operates the business trust; or

(_b_) in relation to a collective investment scheme, is the trustee or manager
of the scheme,

as the case may be, referred to in subsection (1A), where the prosecution or
plaintiff proves that the connected person was at the material time —

(i) in possession of information concerning the corporation, business trust or
scheme, as the case may be; and

(ii) the information was not generally available,

it shall be presumed, until the contrary is proved, that the connected person
knew at the material time that —

(A) the information was not generally available; and

(B) if the information were generally available, it might have a material
effect on the price or value of securities of that corporation, of securities
of that business trust or of units in the scheme, as the case may be.

(5) In this Division —

(_a_) “connected person” means a person referred to in subsection (1) or (1A)
who is connected to a corporation; and

(_b_) a person is connected to a corporation if —

(i) he is an officer of that corporation or of a related corporation;

(ii) he is a substantial shareholder within the meaning of Division 4 of Part
IV of the Companies Act (Cap. 50) in that corporation or in a related
corporation; or

(iii) he occupies a position that may reasonably be expected to give him
access to information of a kind to which this section applies by virtue of —

(A) any professional or business relationship existing between himself (or his
employer or a corporation of which he is an officer) and that corporation or a
related corporation; or

(B) being an officer of a substantial shareholder within the meaning of
Division 4 of Part IV of the Companies Act in that corporation or in a related
corporation.

(6) In subsection (5), “officer”, in relation to a corporation, includes —

(_a_) a director, secretary or employee of the corporation;

(_b_) a receiver, or receiver and manager, of property of the corporation;

(_c_) a judicial manager of the corporation;

(_d_) a liquidator of the corporation; and

(_e_) a trustee or other person administering a compromise or arrangement made
between the corporation and another person.

Hence, under s 218(1) of the SFA, a person is liable for insider trading if:

(a) he is a “person who is connected to a corporation”;

(b) he possesses “information concerning that corporation”;

(c) that information is not “generally available”;

(d) a reasonable person would, if that information were generally available,
expect it to have a “material effect on the price or value of securities of
that corporation”;

(e) the connected person knows or ought reasonably to know that the
information is not generally available; and

(f) the connected person knows or ought reasonably to know that if the
information were generally available, it might have a material effect on the
price or value of those securities of that corporation.

24 It was undisputed that limbs (a) and (b) had been satisfied in the context
of the present appeal. Lew, as a senior employee of WBL, was “connected” to
WBL within the meaning of s 218(5) of the SFA, and the information he
allegedly possessed at the material time “concern[ed]” WBL. The issues arising
in this appeal were therefore as follows:

(a) What information concerning WBL did Lew possess at the material time
(“Issue 1”)?

(b) Was the information concerning WBL which Lew possessed at the material
time (referred to hereafter as “the Information”) generally available (“Issue
2”)?

(c) If the Information was not generally available, would a reasonable person
expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of WBL shares if the
Information were generally available (“Issue 3”)?

(d) Did Lew know or ought he reasonably to have known that:

(i) the Information was not generally available (“Issue 4(a)”); and

(ii) if the Information were generally available, it might have a material
effect on the price or value of WBL shares (“Issue 4(b)”)?

25 Under s 218(4) of the SFA, if MAS proves that Lew possessed information
concerning a company to which he was connected (_ie_ , WBL) and, that such
information (_ie_ , the Information, in the context of the present appeal) was
not generally available, the _presumption_ arises that Lew _knew_ that:

(a) the Information was not generally available; and

(b) if the Information were generally available, it might have a material
effect on the price or value of WBL shares.

The burden of proof would then be shifted to Lew to rebut this presumption
(“the presumption of knowledge under s 218(4)”).

Issue 1: What did the Information consist of?

26 The Judge found (at [53] of the Judgment) that the Information consisted of
the following pieces of information:

(a) WBL had forecasted a loss of either $2.3m (excluding M-Flex’s and MFS’s
forecasted performance) or $0.4m (including M-Flex’s and MFS’s forecasted
performance) in 3Q FY07 (“the Loss Forecast”);

(b) it was _very likely_ for WBL to take a _significant_ impairment charge on
WPT in 3Q FY07 (“the Significant Impairment Prospect”); and

(c) as a result of (a) and (b) above, it was _very likely_ that WBL would
incur a _significant_ overall loss for 3Q FY07 (“the Significant Overall Loss
Forecast”).

27 Lew argued that the Judge was wrong to make the above findings because she
failed to fully consider the surrounding facts which affected the _reliability
or certainty_ of the results presented. In particular, Lew submitted that the
Judge was wrong to find that WBL had made a _reliable_ forecast of loss. As we
point out below, however (at [31]), although the argument with regard to
reliability is an important one, it was not appropriate to raise it at this
threshold stage of ascertaining what the Information consisted _of_.

28 Lew argued that what was discussed at the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting was too
uncertain and preliminary to be reasonably relied on. Implicit in Lew’s
argument at this stage of the inquiry was the proposition that information of
an _uncertain_ or _unreliable_ nature could not be treated as part of the
Information. To resolve this issue, we need to examine what constitutes
“information” under the SFA.

Legal interpretation of “information”

29 Under s 132A(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 185, 1970 Rev Ed) , “information”
was interpreted more specifically as “knowledge of a particular event or
situation such as advice, communication, intelligence, news, notification and
the like” (see the Singapore Court of Criminal Appeal decision of _Public
Prosecutor v Choudhury_ [1979–1980] SLR(R) 766 at [19]). However, it is quite
clear from the present s 214 of the SFA that “information” is meant to be
interpreted more widely. Section 214 of the SFA does not define “information”
exhaustively but adopts an inclusive definition that includes a wide range of
information as follows:

“[I]nformation” includes —

(_a_) matters of supposition and other matters that are insufficiently
definite to warrant being made known to the public;

(_b_) matters relating to the intentions, or the likely intentions, of a
person;

(_c_) matters relating to negotiations or proposals with respect to —

(i) commercial dealings;

(ii) dealing in securities; or

(iii) trading in futures contract;

(_d_) information relating to the financial performance of a corporation or
business trust, or otherwise;

(_e_) information that a person proposes to enter into, or had previously
entered into one or more transactions or agreements in relation to securities
or has prepared or proposes to issue a statement relating to such securities;
and

(_f_) matters relating to the future[.]

30 Our current provisions on insider trading are based on Australian
legislation and Australian courts have taken a wide approach in interpreting
the term “information”. The New South Wales decision of _R v Rivkin_ [2004]
NSWCCA 7 at [126] (reported in part in (2004) 59 NSWLR 284, but not with
regard to the points that are germane to the present appeal) concerns a case
of insider trading pursuant to the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (the
Australian legislation on insider trading). The New South Wales Court of
Criminal Appeal agreed with McInerney J’s decision in the Supreme Court of
Victoria case of _Commissioner for Corporate Affairs v Green_ [1978] VR 505 at
511 (“ _Green_ ”), that information did not have to be “factual knowledge of a
concrete kind”. McInerney J also held in _Green (at 5_ 11) that:

In many cases a hint may suggest information or may enable an inference to be
drawn as to information. Information about impending stock movements or share
movements may often be veiled. Discussion concerning such a movement may often
take the form of “mooting” but not deciding a matter.

It is also significant to note that the leading local author in this field
observes that “[t]he reference to ‘matters of supposition’ in [limb (a) of the
definition of “information” in s 214 of the SFA] in effect means that
information may include rumours circulating in the market” (see Hans Tjio,
_Principles and Practice of Securities Regulation in Singapore_ (2nd Ed,
LexisNexis, 2011) (“ _Tjio_ ”) at para 8.12); in this regard, the learned
author has also referred to the following (italicised) observations by Young J
in the Supreme Court of New South Wales decision of _Hooker Investments Pty
Ltd v Baring Bros Halkerston & Partners Securities Ltd & Ors_ (1986) 10 ACLR
462 (at 468) as having been reflected in the phrase “matters of supposition”
in limb (a) of the definition of “information” in s 214 of the SFA (see _Tjio_
at para 8.12, note 54):

To my mind information in [s 128(1) of the Securities Industry (NSW) Code]
goes further than knowledge and includes the situation where someone has been
informed of something which he does not know to be true nor does he care
whether it is true or not. In other words, _information may include a rumour
that something has happened with respect to a company which a person neither
believes nor disbelieves_. [emphasis added]

31 Indeed, as alluded to above (at [27]), the issue of reliability is not
relevant at this particular juncture, although it is certainly significant
with regard to Issue 2 (_ie_ , whether the Information was “generally
available”) and Issue 3 (_ie_ , if the Information had been generally
available, whether a reasonable person would expect it to have had a “material
effect” on the price or value of WBL shares). Put simply, Issue 1 relates to
the very broad and general question as to _what_ constitutes “information” in
the first place, whereas the issue of reliability (and, we might add,
certainty) relates to the quite separate question as to the nature _and_
quality of that “information”. Indeed, in so far as Issue 1 is concerned,
“information” might well include knowledge of an uncertain, predictive or
speculative nature. Therefore, while Lew disputes the _certainty_ and
_reliability_ of the information which he acquired from the 2 July 2007 GMC
Meeting, this did not prevent that information from being information which he
possessed within the meaning of s 218. It bears repeating that s 218 has
various cumulative stages of inquiry (as seen above at [23]) and, therefore,
_parties should be careful that their respective arguments do not conflate the
different stages of inquiry_. Whilst the definition of “information” under s
214 of the SFA might appear wide, as the leading local author in this area of
the law perceptively observes (referring to the relationship, which we have
just noted, between Issue 1 on the one hand and Issue 2 and Issue 3 on the
other; see _Tjio_ at para 8.12):

But the _width_ of the definition [in s 214 of the SFA] _is tempered by the
fact that information is only considered inside information if it is not
generally available and is materially price-sensitive_. [emphasis added]

However, as the parties have joined issue on the questions of certainty and
(especially) reliability at this threshold stage, we will proceed to consider
the Judge’s findings – bearing in mind the fact that the arguments in relation
to reliability are more relevant and appropriate when we consider Issue 2 and
Issue 3 later on in these grounds of decision.

The Judge’s findings on Lew’s knowledge

32 It is well-established that an appellate court should defer to the trial
judge’s finding of fact unless it is established that the finding of fact is
plainly wrong or unjustified on the totality of the evidence before the trial
judge (see, for example, the decision of this court in _TV Media Pte Ltd v De
Cruz Andrea Heidi and another appeal_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 543), particularly where
the veracity and credibility of witnesses are concerned (see, for example, the
decision of this court in _Tan Chin Seng v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_ [2003] 3
SLR(R) 307). In this vein, we noted that the Judge’s findings were largely
based on: (a) the finding that Lew was an unreliable witness; and (b) a
preference for the testimonies of C S Tan, Wong and Swee Hong over that of
Lew.

(A) Finding relating to the Loss Forecast

33 Lew does not dispute that he _knew_ WBL made the Loss Forecast at the 2
July 2007 GMC Meeting. As noted above, Lew’s case against the reliability of
the Loss Forecast was a red herring at this stage.

(B) Finding relating to the Significant Impairment Prospect

34 Although the Judge did not cite Lew’s admissions against himself in the
Judgment, Lew made important admissions in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”) and during cross-examination with regard to the need for WBL to take
a significant impairment charge on WPT. In his AEIC, Lew admitted that “WPT’s
problems and need for assets impairment were discussed since the last quarter
of 2006 and throughout 2007 during GMC meetings and other ‘offline’
meetings”.[note: 2]

35 In his cross-examination, Lew made the following admissions:[note: 3]

Q:… On 2 July, the CEO [_ie_ , C S Tan] had made it very clear, he said that
there was a need to take a _full_ impairment, a _full_ impairment for Q3, and
move on; right?

A:Right, yeah.

…

Q:… But you knew what the ballpark figure was for the impairment for WPT
because you had heard the discussions at the audit committee meeting on 8 May;
correct?

A:Ballpark, as in maximum -- the value at risk was a figure of about 22 to
30.5 million.

Q:If it was a full impairment, that would be the size; right?

A:That is if the assets are worth nothing, yeah.

[emphasis added]

Lew clearly admitted that he knew that C S Tan, the CEO of WBL, had made it
very clear at the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting that there was a need for WBL to
take a full impairment charge on WPT for 3Q FY07. Lew also admitted that he
knew that a full impairment charge on WPT would involve a substantial sum of
about $22m to $30.5m.

36 The Judge accepted, at [46] of the Judgment, the testimony of C S Tan, Wong
and Swee Hong that “any attendee of the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting would know
that the decision to impair was almost a certainty”. Lew admitted that no one
else at the meeting could corroborate his evidence that he did not know an
impairment charge on WPT was very likely to materialise. Furthermore, Lew’s
argument that it was not likely for him to know that an impairment charge
would be taken on WPT in 3Q FY07 was in direct contradiction to the objective
evidence on record, _ie_ , the minutes of the Audit Committee meetings (“ACM”)
and GMC meetings from February 2007 to 2 July 2007, which showed the growing
inevitability and increasing likelihood of an impairment charge being taken on
WPT. Lew was present at all those meetings.

37 To elaborate, in the 9 February 2007 ACM minutes, it was stated that:[note:
4]

… the Committee agreed that no impairment charge be recorded at 31 December
2006. However, the Committee said that the performance of WPT will need to be
monitored; an impairment of the assets will need to be considered if WPT
performs worse than the projections of a $3.1m loss for Q207 (excluding the
effects of one-off charges such as the retrenchment payments).

Hence, at the time of the 9 February 2007 ACM, WPT had already recorded, for
the first quarter of the financial year for 2007 (“1Q FY07”), losses that were
greater than the projected losses, and there were already discussions on the
necessity of taking an impairment charge on WPT. WBL’s management deferred the
decision because of the possibility of WPT securing contracts from new
customers and undertaking cost reduction initiatives to reduce its losses.

38 In the 9 April 2007 GMC meeting minutes, C S Tan was quoted as
saying:[note: 5]

Patience is short now for WPT. In last 12 months, we hv [_sic_] lost more than
ever … By end up [_sic_] June. Board meeting and strategy meeting coming up.

39 For the 8 May 2007 ACM, Microsoft Powerpoint presentation slides were
prepared and the slides presented three options to deal with the continuing
losses suffered by WPT, as follows:[note: 6]

**1**. **Re-build**

· Only if JVC and/or [Panasonic] HDD business firmed up within [the] next 30
days

o Analysis clearly shows viable [and] profitable business under any normal
situation

o WPT operations not viable without HDD business

· Little confidence that current WPT team able [_sic_] to deliver

…

· _Very high risk option_ since still require [_sic_] several more quarters of
losses before turnaround

**2**. **Immediate Shutdown**

· _Most predictable_ outcome

· High one-time write-off of up to S$30 million

· Reputation related risks

**3**. **Sell off WPT as an ongoing business concern**

· Attractive to potential buyer only with HDD business secured

· Risk of not finding buyer within short time frame

o Continued operational losses in meantime

· No asset impairment in current quarter

[emphasis added]

40 More importantly, in the minutes of the 8 May 2007 ACM, which was chaired
by Dr Cham Tao Soon, it was recorded that:[note: 7]

[Wong] stated … the key assumptions made by management and mentioned that the
updated impairment analysis is heavily dependent on a key assumption of
getting a new key customer … WPT is in an advanced stage of negotiation with
[the new customer] for hard-disk drive business and believe that WPT will be
able to turnaround with this key customer who offers a much better pricing and
volume.

In response to Dr Cham Tao Soon’s question on the value of fixed assets at
risk, Ms Tan Bee Nah [an external auditor] stated that the value at risk is
$22 million, excluding freehold land and building. If freehold land and
building are included, the value at risk is $30.5 million.

…

Dr Cham Tao Soon enquired about the expected date that the [deal with the new
customer] will be completed, and that a cut-off date should be set to decide
when impairment charge is to be recorded. _[C S Tan] proposed a cut-off date
of Q307, and an impairment charge should be recognised if there is no progress
by then. The AC [Audit Committee] agreed._

Ms Tan Bee Nah added that the benchmark should not be against the Q3 forecast
(as it is now May 2007 and discussion with [the new customer] is still on-
going), but rather milestones such as whether agreement has been signed.

[emphasis added]

Based on the 8 May 2007 ACM Powerpoint slides and minutes, it was clear that
WBL’s senior management recognised that taking an impairment charge on WPT was
the “most predictable outcome”[note: 8] and that the only thing holding back
the taking of an impairment charge was the prospect of WPT obtaining a new key
customer. WBL’s senior management also recognised that the final decision as
to whether or not to take an impairment charge over WPT could not be deferred
indeterminately as WPT struggled to get a new customer, and agreed that WPT’s
progress would be determinatively evaluated in 3Q FY07.

41 In the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting minutes, in reference to WPT’s continued
losses being more than the forecast losses, it was stated as follows:[note: 9]

1.1.1 Decision point on divesting the plant must be made by next week. [C S
Tan] points out that [the] original drop dead date was June 30th. Would like
to see an end by 31st July and greater sense of urgency. _Likely to take an
impairment this quarter for the entire Group and write it off totally instead
of continuing to lose money as has been the last 3_ _quarters_.

1.1.2 [Wong] updates that the past 2 weeks, there were visits related to a big
buyer looking into WPT. This week the buyers are going to make a decision and
that it may be necessary to get a new valuer as the old valuation was
unrealistically high.

…

**5 Action Items**

5.1 _Need to take a full impairment for Q3 and move on_.

…

5.3 Need a solid decision on WPT.

[bold in original] [emphasis added]

The objective evidence clearly demonstrated a strong likelihood of a full
impairment charge on WPT being taken in 3Q FY07. C S Tan testified that it was
clear that an impairment charge had to be recognised since WPT had failed to
get the new key customer discussed during the 8 May 2007 AMC (see above at
[40]).

42 Lew attempted to discount the effect of the GMC minutes set out above by
arguing that GMC meetings were not taken seriously by WBL’s senior management.
To this end, he labelled GMC meetings as being a “grand master’s circus”[note:
10] and argued that no substantive decisions were taken at such meetings and
that decisions made were not implemented. However, we agreed with the Judge
that the evidence did _not_ support Lew’s case: even Lew’s own witness, Soh,
admitted that GMC meetings were important to WBL’s business. Lew later
admitted that confidential information such as financial data was in fact
discussed at GMC meetings. Indeed, it seems incredulous, in our view, that the
senior management of WBL would have carried out weekly GMC meetings since
2004, only to make no substantive decisions at such meetings or to fail to
implement decisions made at such meetings.

43 Lew also argued that no actual decision to take an impairment charge on WPT
for 3Q FY07 was made at the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting. He argued this on the
basis that: (a) previous meetings were inconclusive as to whether an
impairment charge on WPT would be taken; (b) there was no quorum at the 2 July
2007 GMC Meeting to make a decision on whether or not such an impairment
charge should be taken; and (c) there was no discussion at the 2 July 2007 GMC
Meeting of a profit warning, which would have to be issued in the event of WBL
taking an impairment charge on WPT. The Judge did not find that an _actual_
decision to take an impairment charge on WPT for 3Q FY07 was made at the 2
July 2007 GMC Meeting – instead, her finding was that it was _very likely_
that a significant impairment charge on WPT would be taken for 3Q FY07. Lew’s
arguments were, in contrast, pegged at the higher threshold of an _actual_
decision on the taking of an impairment charge being made at the 2 July 2007
GMC Meeting. This is not surprising, not least because it would have been
disingenuous, in the light of the evidence on record, for Lew to have argued
that it was not very likely for an impairment charge to be taken over WPT.

44 We also agreed with the Judge’s rejection of Lew’s argument that the
management of WBL had extended the deadline for taking the impairment charge
on WPT to 31 July 2007 (see [48] of the Judgment). The extension of the
deadline to 31 July 2007 was in reference to possible plans to divest the
plants of WPT, which would affect only the _quantum_ of the impairment charge
taken on WPT but _not_ the decision to take an _impairment charge_ itself.

45 However, Lew argued that he could not have known the quantum of the
impairment charge on WPT or that it was very likely the impairment charge
would be significant. We found this difficult to believe in the light of his
admission that he knew the value-at-risk on WPT’s assets was a ballpark figure
ranging from $22m to $30.5m (see above at [35]). Lew’s argument was based on
the following statement in the minutes of the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting, as
follows: “[in] the past 2 weeks, there were visits related to a big buyer
looking into WPT. This week the buyers are going to make a decision and that
it may be necessary to get a new valuer as the old valuation was
unrealistically high”.[note: 11] However, we rejected this argument; in
particular, we agreed with the Judge that “[e]ven taking into account any
possibility of a sale of WPT (at a distressed price or any other valuation),
the evidence strongly suggested that the impairment would still be a
substantial one, even if it may not be at $30 million)” (see [52] of the
Judgment).

(C) Finding relating to the Significant Overall Loss Forecast

46 We also agreed with the Judge’s finding that, based on the Loss Forecast
and the Significant Impairment Prospect, it was very likely that WBL would
incur a significant overall loss in 3Q FY07. We acknowledged that the Loss
Forecast was small _in itself_ , being only $0.4m in the best-case scenario
(_ie_ , with M-Flex’s and MFS’s forecasted performance included). However, the
_combination_ of the Loss Forecast (which projected a loss of either $0.4m or
$2.3m) and the Significant Impairment Prospect (which projected a write-off of
between $22m to $30.5m) led to the inference that it was very likely WBL would
incur a significant overall loss in 3Q FY07 because WBL would not be able to
offset the substantial losses arising from a significant impairment charge
being taken on WPT with profits from WBL’s other subsidiaries. Put simply, the
Loss Forecast and the Significant Impairment Prospect were not only
significant pieces of information in themselves, but also had to be viewed
holistically, particularly in the context of the issues in this appeal in
general and this issue (Issue 1) in particular.

Conclusion for Issue 1: Particularising the Information

47 Having regard to the above analysis, we upheld the Judge’s findings with
regard to the specific pieces of information comprised in the Information.
However, the inquiry into the _nature_ of the Information (which is crucial to
the resolution of Issue 2 and Issue 3 to be considered below) would have been
clearer if Lew’s knowledge had been specifically particularised. With respect,
the Judge should have distinguished between what Lew knew about WBL’s state of
affairs with _full certainty_ (see (a), (b), (c) and (d) below) and what Lew
knew about WBL’s state of affairs with _a high degree of probability_
(deduced, in the main, from what he knew about WBL’s state of affairs with
full certainty) (see (e), (f) and (g) below). Specifically, the Information
should be particularised as follows:

(a) Lew knew WBL’s senior management had forecasted a loss for 3Q FY07;

(b) he knew the Loss Forecast was based on actual results in April and May
2007 but estimated results for June 2007;

(c) he knew WBL’s senior management had discussed the possibility of taking an
impairment charge on WPT and had been discussing this possibility since the
last quarter of 2006 (“4Q FY06”);

(d) he knew that WBL’s senior management had estimated an impairment charge on
WPT to be in the range of $22m to $30.5m;

(e) he knew that it was very likely an impairment charge on WPT would be taken
in 3Q FY07;

(f) he knew that it was very likely the impairment charge on WPT would be
significant; and

(g) he knew that it was very likely WBL would incur significant overall loss
for 3Q FY07.

48 The importance of particularising the Information became especially
apparent in relation to the inquiry with regard to Issue 2, which involved
determining if the Information was “generally available”. In _Hannes v
Director of Public Prosecutions (Cth) (No 2)_ (2006) 60 ACSR 1 (“ _Hannes v
DPP_ ”), another case under the Australian insider trading legislation (see
[30] above) _in pari_ _materia_ with ours, the Supreme Court of New South
Wales Court of Criminal Appeal likewise stressed the importance of
particularising the information known by the alleged insider trader in
determining if the inside information was “generally available”. In
particular, the court stated (at [382]) that:

… even if it can be said that _aspects_ of the particularised information were
generally available, that did not lead to the conclusion that the
particularised information _as a whole_ was generally available … It was the
_combination_ of information particularised which was significant in relation
to the offence charged. [emphasis added]

49 The importance of particularising the Information is especially critical
when it is disputed whether the Information can be _deduced_ from information
that was generally available. In the present case, even if the public could
reach the same conclusions as those contained in the Information (_eg_ , even
if the public could deduce that WBL would incur a significant overall loss for
3Q FY07), the _grounds_ on which the public made such deductions could be
completely different. If the Information is not sufficiently particularised so
as to state clearly the _bases_ of Lew’s knowledge, it would be difficult to
compare the qualitative differences in the Information with the deductions
made by the public. We therefore bore this in mind with regard to the next
issue, _ie_ , whether the Information was “generally available” within the
meaning of s 218 of the SFA; and it is to this issue (_ie_ , Issue 2) that our
attention must now turn.

Issue 2: Was the Information “generally available”?

Legislative history of the insider trading regime under the SFA

50 Before considering the statutory definition of “generally available” under
the SFA, it is important to consider the legislative history of the insider
trading regime under the SFA. The previous legislative framework for insider
trading under s 103 of the Securities Industry Act (Cap 289, 1985 Rev Ed)
followed almost exactly s 128 of the Australian Securities Industry Act 1980
(Act 66 of 1980), which was repealed in Australia sometime towards the end of
the 1980s. The previous scheme emphasised a person’s connection with the
company (the “person-connected approach”). In particular, there were,
historically, five elements for the offence of insider trading under s 103(1)
of the Securities Industry Act, as follows:

(a) the person in question was an insider at the material time;

(b) he was in possession of price-sensitive information;

(c) he obtained the information _by virtue of his position as an insider_ ;

(d) the information was not generally available; and

(e) he dealt in the securities of the corporation.

Thus, the previous framework made it very difficult to catch “tippees”, _viz_
, persons who acquired price-sensitive information from an insider. Section
103(3) of the Securities Industry Act required the “tipee” to be aware that
the person who tipped him was an insider. Under this framework, there was no
statutory definition of “generally available” information.

51 The Securities and Futures Bill (Bill 33 of 2001) (“the Bill”) “redefine[d]
the laws on insider trading” (_per_ BG Lee Hsien Loong (“BG Lee”), Deputy
Prime Minister, during the second reading of the Bill (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (5 October 2001) vol 73 (“ _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates_ (5 October 2001)”) at col 2137)). The Bill transformed
our legislative framework on insider trading from a person-connected approach
to an “information-connected” approach (_id_ at col 2159). This was a clear
move away from the position in the US, where the theory of insider trading is
based on fiduciary duties. Under the new information-connected approach, there
is no longer a need to trace the information back to its original source,
which was needed under the person-connected approach. The examination focuses,
instead, on the _nature_ of the information and whether it: (a) was generally
available; and (b) would have a material effect on the price or value of the
shares in question – which is the _present_ legal position under s 218.

52 Our shift to an information-connected regime was inspired by Australia’s
own shift from a person-connected approach to an information-connected
approach. Our insider trading provisions in Pt XII, Div 3 of the SFA were
based wholly on the insider trading provisions in the Australian Corporations
Act 2001. Hence, the judicial and academic interpretations in Australia are of
particular importance in interpreting the provisions of the SFA. While the
specific Australian provisions on which the SFA was based have since been
repealed, those provisions were reproduced as different sections in the same
act, _ie_ , the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (see [54] below); the law of
insider trading in Australia has therefore not changed in substance. The only
significant amendment to the law of insider trading in Australia was the
Financial Services Reform Act 2002, which added the option of a civil penalty
for insider trading.

53 The main policy reason for the transformation of our insider trading regime
to a focus on the _nature_ of the information was as follows (_per_ BG Lee,
Deputy Prime Minister, in _Singapore_ _Parliamentary Debates_ (5 October 2001)
at col 2136):

At the core, the mischief of insider trading lies in tilting the playing field
unfairly against other market participants. Those who knowingly have inside
information should be prohibited from trading, whether or not they are
connected with the company. The intent is to address the _core evil of trading
while in possession of undisclosed market sensitive information_ , instead of
having liability depend on a person’s connection with the company. [emphasis
added]

Hence, under an information-connected approach, the identification of what
constitutes _inside_ information is central to the enforcement of the regime.
The significance of the Australian Corporations Act 2001, which (as noted
above) we followed in the SFA, was the insertion of a statutory definition for
“generally available” information.

Statutory definition of “generally available” information

54 The statutory definition of “generally available” information is to be
found in s 215 of the SFA (“s 215”), which reads as follows:

For the purposes of this Division, information is generally available if —

(_a_) it consists of readily observable matter;

(_b_) without limiting the generality of paragraph (a) —

(i) it has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to,
bring it to the attention of persons who commonly invest in securities of a
kind whose price or value might be affected by the information; and

(ii) since it was so made known, a reasonable period for it to be disseminated
among such persons has elapsed; or

(_c_) it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from
either or both of the following:

(i) information referred to in paragraph (_a_);

(ii) information made known as referred to in paragraph (_b_)(i).

Section 215 was based on the (then) s 1002B of the Australian Corporations Act
2001, which is now s 1042C of the Australian Corporations Act 2001.

55 Hence, while the genesis of the Australian provisions recognised the need
to define what was inside information so that the insider trading regime would
be easier to enforce (see generally Alan Griffiths, _Fair Shares for All,
Insider Trading in Australia_ (Australian Government Publishing Service, 1989)
(“the _Griffiths Report_ ”)), the statutory definition in the SFA and in
Australia is, in fact, a _negative_ formulation of what is inside information,
_ie_ , information that is _not_ generally available. The problem with a
negative formulation of inside information is that if the definition of
“generally available” is not interpreted properly, it may lead to over-
regulation, _ie_ , the capturing as insider trading transactions of those
transactions that do not actually involve the kind of “undisclosed market
sensitive information” (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ (5 October 2001)
at col 2137) that Parliament originally aimed to regulate.

56 The Judge referred to the test in s 215(_a_) as the “readily observable
test”, the test in s 215(_b_) as the “publishable information test” and the
test in s 215(_c_) as the “market analysis test” (see the Judgment at [55]).
This is the same terminology referred to in the Australian academic material.
Whilst these terms are helpful, they should nevertheless not replace the
language of the statute itself. While the Judge recognised (at [55] of the
Judgment) that “these definitions [were] not without difficulty” and made
observations on the s 215(_a_) “readily observable test” and the s 215(_b_)
“publishable information test”, she decided (at [63] of the Judgment) not to
lay down a definitive view as to what legal interpretation should be adopted
for s 215(_a_) and s 215(_b_). The Judge held (at [63] of the Judgment) that
it was “not strictly necessary” to decide which interpretation should be
adopted in the Singapore context since “MAS, in its submissions, did not
dispute that the information which Lew sought to rely on (_viz_ , the press
releases and announcements of companies listed in Singapore or the US)
satisfies the readily observable test or publishable information test”. The
Judge thus only decided on the legal interpretation of the s 215(_c_) “market
analysis test” – more specifically, she considered whether the Information
could consist of “deductions, inferences and conclusions” drawn from the
information referred to in s 215(_a_) and s 215(_b_) and, on that basis, be
regarded as “generally available” information within the meaning of s
215(_c_).

57 With respect, we beg to differ from the Judge’s approach of interpreting s
215(_c_) without considering the legal interpretations of s 215(_a_) and s
215(_b_), since (as we have just noted) the scope of the information which
falls within s 215(_c_) is clearly and necessarily dependent upon what
information is generally available under s 215(_a_) and s 215(_b_). The Judge
compared the deductions which could be made from information indisputably
available in the public domain with the Information (as determined in Issue
1), held that the deductions were not of the “same character” or “quality” as
the Information, and thus held that the Information was _not_ “generally
available” under s 215. However, the Judge failed, with respect, to state
_exactly who_ made the deductions, inferences and conclusions from the
generally available information for the purposes of s 215(_c_). The Judge
mentioned “the market”, “a person”, “an investor”, “a reasonable investor”,
“the public” and the “investing public” at different points of her analysis as
the perspective from which the deductions, inferences and conclusions were
made (see [74]–[81] of the Judgment). We are of the view, however, that a
_consistent_ point of reference must be identified, because different people
with different viewpoints and skills would necessarily make different
deductions, inferences and conclusions.

58 Without interpreting s 215(_a_) and s 215(_b_) in conjunction with s
215(_c_), the Judge had in fact interpreted s 215(_c_) in a vacuum.
Considering the fundamental importance of the statutory definition of
“generally available” information in establishing the offence of insider
trading under the SFA, all three limbs of s 215 ought to be interpreted
clearly and rationally in relation to each another. Indeed, the Judge
recognised that there was a tension between the policy of efficiency embodied
in s 215(_a_) and s 215(_c_) and the policy of fairness in s 215(_b_) (see the
Judgment at [58]). Furthermore, while s 215(_a_) and s 215(_c_) do not
identify _to_ _which parties_ the information must be readily observable (for
s 215(_a_)) and _which are the parties who_ make the deductions, conclusions
and inferences (for s 215(_c_)), s 215(_b_) in fact identifies the parties
that the information must be made known to: the information must be brought to
“ _the attention of persons who commonly invest in securities_ of a kind whose
price or value might be affected by the information” [emphasis added]. For
ease of reference, we will refer, collectively, to “persons who commonly
invest in securities” as “Common Investors”. The significance of the Common
Investor will be emphasised again when we consider Issue 3, as the Common
Investor is also reflected in s 216 of the SFA in determining if a reasonable
person would expect the Information, if it were generally available, to have a
material effect on the price or value of the WBL shares. The only difference
between the Common Investor in s 216 and in s 215(_b_) of the SFA is that the
Common Investor in s 215(_b_) (“the s 215(_b_) Specific Common Investor”) is
one who commonly invests in securities of a _kind_ _whose price or value might
be affected by the information_ in question, and this group of s 215(_b_)
Specific Common Investors will vary depending on the nature of the
information. In contrast, the Common Investor in s 216 is the Common Investor
of securities generally. As already mentioned, we will return to this point
later when we consider Issue 3. In conclusion, the differences in, and the
relationship between, the three limbs of s 215 must be reconciled
satisfactorily within the entire statutory framework of s 215. However, before
attempting to reconcile the three limbs of s 215, we ought to discuss the
correct approach to be adopted in interpreting this section.

Approach to s 215 – unique aspects of Singapore’s insider trading regime

59 It has been observed that Australia’s insider trading legislation contains
one of the broadest prohibitions against insider trading in the world (see
Keith Kendall, “Information that is ‘generally available’ under the insider
trading provisions in Australia” (2006) 21 (1) Journal of International
Business Law 29). It is interesting to note that our legislation is even
stricter than Australia’s legislation inasmuch as Singapore is the only
jurisdiction to have legislatively removed (via s 220 of the SFA) the
requirement of “prov[ing] intention to use” the inside information. Our
Parliament has made it clear that s 220 was enacted to legislatively overrule
the decision in _PP v Ng Chee Keong_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 1176, which required
proof of an “intent to use” the inside information for insider trading (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ (5 October 2001) at cols 2137 and 2138).
There is therefore no longer any requirement of proving the _mens_ _rea_ to
use inside information in order to prove a contravention of either s 218 or s
219 of the SFA.

60 Instead, we have the presumption of knowledge under s 218(4) that applies
where “connected persons” (as defined in s 218(5)) are involved. This
presumption is also unique to Singapore. The _Griffiths Report_ in the
Australian context did consider if the evidential burden of proving lack of
_mens_ _rea_ should be placed on the insider trader, but this was not accepted
in the final legislation enacted in Australia. Singapore’s framework for
insider trading is therefore very strict where connected persons are
concerned: once a connected person is proved to be in possession of
information concerning the company to which he is connected and once such
information is proved to be _not_ “generally available”, the connected person
is _presumed_ to know that: (a) the information was not generally available;
and (b) if the information were generally available, it _might_ be material to
the price or value of the company’s securities. As was stated in the
parliamentary debates on the Bill, the intention of the presumption of
knowledge under s 218(4) was to impose “greater discipline on those in
fiduciary positions” (_per_ BG Lee in _Singapore_ _Parliamentary Debates_ (5
October 2001) at col 2149). However, it was also recognised that “without the
need to prove any intent, a balance ha[d] to be struck _so that it would not
be too onerous for operators_ , especially non-executive directors” [emphasis
added] (_ibid_ at col 2149).

61 Although there is much truth in the Judge’s view (at [63] of the Judgment)
that “the efficacy of the insider trading regime would be best maintained by
imposing a _narrow_ view of what is ‘generally available information’”
[emphasis added], it must nevertheless be borne in mind that a _balance_ needs
to be struck, lest the SFA result in regulating the use of information in an
_over_ -expansive fashion contrary to Parliament’s intent – a point which is
illustrated by the preceding paragraph.

62 Adopting too narrow an interpretation of what is “generally available”
information may capture information that is fortuitously (yet legitimately
(within the confines of the legislation)) gained. For example, the Supreme
Court of New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal held in _R v Firns_ (2001)
51 NSWLR 548 (“ _Firns_ ”), that information could be gained simply by the
defendant being fortuitously present in court during the release of a judgment
(in that case, a judgment of the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea).
Alternatively, information can also be gained from inferences and deductions
gained through extra diligence or exceptional analytical skills by a
sophisticated investor. Fortuitously gained information and information gained
through diligence or analytical prowess were not, in our view, part of the
mischief Parliament intended to address when it stated that the core evil of
insider trading was in “tilting the playing field unfairly against other
market participants” (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ (5 October 2001)
at col 2137). The insider trading regime is not intended to have a chilling
effect on the trading of securities. The approach to s 215 should therefore be
neither narrow nor broad, but commonsensical. Once the interpretation of each
limb of s 215 is rationalised with its underlying policy consideration, what
constitutes “generally available” information will be neither under- nor over-
inclusive. With these considerations in mind, let us turn to a consideration
of the various limbs of s 215.

The relationship between s 215(a) and s 215(b)

Introduction

63 The information Lew relied on as being “generally available” under either s
215(_a_) or s 215(_b_) (“the Generally Available Information on WBL”) was as
follows:

(a) various press releases from WBL;

(b) announcements regarding WBL posted on SGX’s or WBL’s websites; and

(c) public announcements by WBL’s subsidiaries such as WPT and M-Flex.

The Judge held that there was “no real dispute that such information
satisfie[d] the readily observable test [under s 215(_a_)] _or_ publishable
information test [under s 215(_b_)]” [emphasis added] (see the Judgment at
[72]). Implicit in the Judge’s statement is that s 215(_a_) and s 215(_b_)
have _separate_ spheres of application.

64 We agree with the Judge that s 215(_a_) and s 215(_b_) have _separate_
spheres of application. In particular, s 215(_b_) is far more specific than s
215(_a_) and contains clearer and more stringent requirements. Put simply,
under s 215(_b_), the information has to be “made known in a _manner_ that
would, or would be likely to, bring it to the attention” [emphasis added] of
specific parties (namely, the s 215(_b_) Specific Common Investors), and has a
time requirement of a “reasonable period for [the information] to be
disseminated among [the s 215(_b_) Specific Common Investors]” (see also
_Firns_). Under a literal interpretation of s 215, s 215(_a_) should not be
constrained by s 215(_b_) since s 215(_b_) is stated to be “without limiting
the generality of paragraph (_a_)”. Hence, Parliament clearly intended that
information that falls within the scope of s 215(_b_) should be subject to
more stringent requirements in order to be considered “generally available”
information, compared to information that falls within the scope of s
215(_a_). Such a construction is supported by not only the literal language of
s 215(_a_), but also the relevant legislative history of s 215(_a_) and s
215(_b_) – a point to which our attention now briefly turns.

The legislative history of s 215(a) and s 215(b)

65 The _Griffiths Report_ only proposed the “publishable information” test (as
reflected in the Australian version of s 215(_b_)) for “generally available”
information. The Explanatory Memorandum to the Corporations Legislation
Amendment Bill 1991 at para 327 highlighted that the “readily observable” test
(as reflected in s 215(_a_)) was added because of concerns that:

… _information directly observable in the public arena_ would not be regarded
as generally available, as it has not been ‘made known’. It was considered
that a person could be liable for insider trading where he/she traded in
securities on the basis of, for example, an observation that the body
corporate had excess stocks in a yard. This was not the intention of the
provisions. [emphasis added]

The relevant legislative history of the Australian equivalent of s 215(_a_)
and s 215(_b_) has in fact been thoroughly and perceptively explored by Mason
P in _Firns_ , whose analysis we gratefully adopt.

66 Put simply, there are at least two _contrasting_ theories of insider
trading. The first is the “market fairness” or “equal access” theory (which
mandates a strict approach towards insider trading), whereas the second, _viz_
, the “market efficiency” theory, mandates a far more benevolent approach
towards insider trading (see generally _Firns_ at [40]–[52]). The _Griffiths
Report_ endorsed the _former_ theory, which is reflected in the “publishable
information” test under the Australian equivalent of s 215(_b_) (see _Firns_
at [55]). Indeed, had the relevant recommendation in the _Griffiths Report_
been adopted (see _Firns_ at [55]), “s 1002B(2) [the Australian equivalent of
s 215] would have contained s 1002B(2)(b) [the Australian equivalent of s
215(_b_)] (or something similar), _but not_ s 1002B(2)(a) [the Australian
equivalent of s 215(_a_)] _and perhaps not_ _s_ 1002B(3) [the Australian
equivalent of s 215(_c_)]” [emphasis added] (see _Firns_ at [56]). However,
when the Australian equivalent of s 215 was enacted, the Australian equivalent
of s 215(_a_), which endorsed the _latter_ theory (_viz_ , the “market
efficiency” theory), was _also_ promulgated. Mason P perceptively observed
that the Australian Parliament had wanted to avoid “[penalising] individual
initiative and diligence” and to endorse (as well as encourage) “cleverness,
swiftness and efficiency”, at least with respect to “some types of
information” (see _Firns_ at [57]). Therefore, the “market efficiency” theory
was also embraced by inserting “the opaque words ‘readily observable matter’”
(_ibid_) in the Australian equivalent of s 215(_a_).

67 The result, as stated in Mason P’s perceptive analysis in _Firns_ , was
that “the Griffiths Committee’s clear vision of an underlying policy of
promoting fairness in the market through equal access to information _became
badly blurred in the legislative process_ ” [emphasis added] (see _Firns_ at
[53]). What further resulted was, in the learned judge’s view, “ _a form of
legislated astigmatism_ because _the attempt to converge_ _essentially
incompatible policy goals_ … produced _a patchy blurring_ of the image”
[emphasis added] (_ibid_).

68 As Mason P correctly observed, “[t]hese policy and drafting decisions left
the courts with _a difficult interpretative task_ ” [emphasis added] (see
_Firns_ at [58]); the learned judge proceeded to observe thus (_ibid_):

The task is focussed by provisions requiring the Court to give effect to
legislative purpose and permitting recourse to extrinsic material ..., _but_
the assistance is _blurred by the conflicting goals embedded in the
essentially two-pronged definition of “information generally available”_.
[emphasis added]

69 He also astutely pointed out, as follows (see _Firns_ at [61]–[62]):

It is unnecessary to go further than recognising that endorsement of the
concept of economic efficiency appears to underlie the Parliament’s decision
to insert s 1002B(2)(a) [the Australian equivalent of s 215(_a_)] into s
1002B(2) [the Australian equivalent of s 215], in preference to the exclusive
market fairness paradigm espoused by the Griffiths Committee and trumpeted in
the general parts of the Explanatory Memorandum [to the Australian
Corporations Legislation Amendment Bill 1991]. Whether or not this means that
the Australian legislative regime is out of step with insider trading
regulation in other countries ... is neither here nor there. This Court’s task
is to enforce Australian law, but only after having determined the proper
scope of its prohibition.

A legislative commitment to an efficient as well as a fair market does not
translate automatically into deciding that the “efficient” single trader is to
be encouraged at all costs. _But it does reinforce my decision to interpret_
_s 1002B(2)(a) literally, without forcing its language into a predetermined
purposive mould_.

[emphasis added]

70 In the circumstances, Mason P’s following conclusion as to what is “readily
observable matter” (here, in the context of the Australian equivalent of s
215(_a_)) is not at all surprising (see _Firns_ at [68]):

The _Corporations Law_ does not define “readily observable matter”. **_The
drafting history and the opening words of s 1002B(2)(b) [the Australian
equivalent of s 215(_****b**** _)] shows that the generality of the words in s
1002B(2)(a) [the Australian equivalent of s 215(_****a**** _)] are not to be
limited by s 1002B(2)(b) [the Australian equivalent of s 215(_****b**** _)].
What also emerges_** clearly from a comparison between s 1002B(2)(a) and s
1002B(2)(b) is that **_in s 1002B(2)(a) the legislature deliberately held back
from placing information under an embargo until the lapse of a fixed time or
even a reasonable time from some fixed point of actual disclosure. Section
1002B(2)(a) [the Australian equivalent of s 215(_****a**** _)] was inserted as
an alternative in order not to penalise the efficient, the speedy or the
diligent_** – at least to the degree encompassed by the opaque “readily
observable matter”. [emphasis in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

71 The learned judge also observed that “[s]ometimes information [would]
consist of matter that [was] directly visible, yet … not … [‘]observable[’],
at least not [‘]readily[’] so”, with “[e]xamples [being] a message which is
widely published yet encrypted or a gold nugget lying in a remote corner of a
desert” (see _Firns_ at [73]). Mason P was also of the view that interpreting
“readily observable matter” as “facts directly observable in the public
arena”, whilst “helpful in some contexts”, nevertheless “[could not] be taken
too far” (citing the example, just noted, of the published encrypted message
(_ibid_)). Indeed, the learned judge pertinently pointed out that “[a]t other
times”, such an approach would be “too narrow”, citing the facts of _Firns_
itself as an example (at [74]). In his view, “[s]ome information has the
capacity to generate its own dissemination” inasmuch as “[i]ts initial
disclosure may be limited, yet the type of information involved and the
initial group of persons to whom it is disclosed may ensure that it gets
abroad” (_ibid_). In this regard, “[f]or the purposes of s 1002B(2)(a) [the
Australian equivalent of s 215(_a_)] it does not matter how many people
actually observe the relevant information”, and neither is this particular
provision “concerned with the time that is likely to elapse between the
information becoming [‘]readily observable[’] and when it was in fact
observed” as “[i]nformation may be readily observable even if no one observed
it” (see _Firns_ at [77]). This is, of course, entirely consistent with the
broad ambit of the provision, as noted below (at [78]).

72 Mason P also emphasised the important impact that _modern technology_ has
on the interpretation of what is “readily observable matter”; in the learned
judge’s words (see _Firns_ at [78], which was cited by Gzell J in the Supreme
Court of New South Wales decision of _Australian Securities and Investments
Commission v MacDonald and others (No 11)_ (2009) 71 ASCR 368 at [1130]):

Even if ready observability were to be limited to perceptibility by the
unaided human senses, the published judgment of a Supreme Court is readily
observable. A fortiori if, as I believe to be the case, one is not confined to
the unaided human senses. _Since the demise of the pony express and semaphore
and the advent of telephone, telex, facsimile, television and the internet we
have come to observe information immediately yet indirectly. Our human senses
are engaged, but with the aid of modern means of telecommunication. Absent
statutory clarification or restriction, there will be cases where failure to
advert to this modern reality skews the true scope of_ _s 1002B(2)(a) [the
Australian equivalent of_ _s 215(_ a _)] despite emphasis on the modifying
adverb “readily”._ [emphasis added]

73 At this juncture, we pause to observe that although there was a dissenting
judgment by Carruthers A-J in _Firns_ , the difference between the majority
(Mason P, with whom Hidden J agreed) and the minority (Carruthers A-J) turned,
in the final analysis, on their respective views as to what constituted the
“public” domain. The majority held, consistently with the principles set out
above by Mason P, that ready observability ought _not_ to be tested by
reference to a hypothetical person “within Australia”. Elaborating on his
views above, Mason P opined thus (see _Firns_ at [81]–[82]):

There is a further difficulty with the direction that ready observability is
to be tested from the stance of a hypothetical person “within Australia”. I
have already touched upon it. The direction suggests or infers that the
_readiness_ of the perceptibility is also to be judged from the viewpoint of
individuals located in Australia using their natural senses but without regard
to modern methods of telecommunication. The unelaborated direction referring
to “those in Australia” carries the seeds of miscarriage when it is recognised
that television, the internet (including e-mail) and other means of
telecommunication such as the phone and fax are part and parcel of how
Australians generally and investors in particular readily perceive events.

A sudden crisis in the Middle East may have an immediate impact upon the value
of Australian oil shares. That crisis may generate immediate coverage through
a cable television provider such as CNN and/or it may be objectively of such a
nature that one would expect people to jump on to the telephone, facsimile or
e-mail to communicate price-sensitive information almost instantaneously. If
the crisis occurs in the dead of the Australian night but during prime time in
the United States of America the information is only _not_ readily observable
if one reads “in Australia” into the statute and then construes those words in
a manner divorced from the realities of the modern world of global
telecommunication.

[emphasis in original]

74 On the other hand, Carruthers A-J was of the view, in agreement with
counsel for the respondent, “that the matter must be _readily observable_ by
the public at large as it is that group of persons who are capable of trading
on the share market in Australia, or in shares of corporations which are
formed or carry on business in Australia” [emphasis in original] (_id_ at
[113]). The learned judge proceeded to observe as follows (_ibid_):

The public at large in that sense must, at least, include the Australian
public, as the provisions contained in the _Corporations Law_ are clearly
designed principally to protect Australian investors by promoting equal access
to information for investors. For information to be generally available on the
basis that it consists of “readily observable matter”, it must, at least, be
_readily observable_ by members of the Australian public. [emphasis in
original]

75 Significantly, however, the issue of who should properly constitute the
“public”, which was the crux of the disagreement between the majority and the
minority in _Firns_ , does _not_ arise in the context of the present appeal.
More importantly, the perceptive analysis by Mason P of the Australian
equivalent of s 215(_a_) and s 215(_b_) is _not_ affected by this
disagreement. Indeed, there may, in our (provisional) view, be no real need
for a definitive definition as such of the “public”, with everything
depending, in the final analysis, on the precise facts and circumstances of
each case, bearing in mind the observation in _Firns_ that information may be
“readily observable” notwithstanding the fact that nobody has observed it (see
above at [71]). Furthermore, any interpretation of “public” must be careful to
allow the market efficiency policy, as exemplified by s 215(_a_), to be
facilitated lest over-regulation of information leads to a situation where the
standards and quality of information drops to the “lowest common denominator”
for the market. Indeed, investors would be deterred from taking the initiative
to find out information of a higher quality from public resources if they are
going to be penalised for their diligence on the basis that the information
acquired is not readily observable in “public”.

Conclusion

76 Although there is some potential inconsistency between s 215(_a_) and s
215(_b_) when viewed against the backdrop of their Australian origins (and as
set out clearly by Mason P in _Firns_ above), the SFA itself does in fact
embody both the “market fairness” or “equal access” theory _as well as_ the
“market efficiency” theory. Although the main policy aim of the insider
trading provisions in the SFA is to prevent insiders from taking advantage of
their position to use information unfairly (see [53] above), this does not
detract from the legislation itself recognising that insider trading
legislation should not impede _economically efficient_ exchange of
information. The Judge also recognised (see [62] of the Judgment) that the SFA
provisions on insider trading were part of MAS’s “continuing efforts to ensure
that our markets operate _fairly_ and _efficiently_ ” [emphasis added] (see
MAS’s Insider Trading Consultation Document (27 January 2001) at para 21). The
defences and exceptions to insider trading found in ss 222 to 231 of the SFA
also reflect the recognition of economic efficiency as an equally vital policy
consideration in Singapore’s insider trading legislation (see Alexander Loke,
“From the Fiduciary Theory to Information Abuse: The Changing Fabric of
Insider Trading Law in the U.K., Australia and Singapore” (2006) American
Journal of Comparative Law 123 at p 166).

77 Given the fact that the SFA attempts to accommodate _both_ the seemingly
disparate theories of insider trading as noted briefly in the preceding
paragraph, the following question remains: can s 215(_a_) and s 215(_b_)
nevertheless be reconciled (a point which was not considered in _Firns_
itself)? In fact, when we examine how the parity of information defences in s
231 of the SFA work with s 215, we can identify _some_ reconciliation of these
seemingly disparate policies. While s 215(_b_) embodies the policy of market
fairness, s 231(1)(_a_) of the SFA read with s 215(_b_) also allows the policy
of market efficiency to operate. Section 231(1)(_a_) of the SFA makes it clear
that s 215(_b_) is largely intended to control “insiders” who have “made
known” the information. Under s 231(1)(_a_), it is a defence in any
proceedings for a contravention of s 218(2) or s 219(2) if the court is
satisfied that “the information came into the … person’s possession _solely_
as a result of the information having been made known as referred to in
section 215(_b_)(i)” [emphasis added]. Therefore, s 215(_b_) does not penalise
the efficient and speedy Common Investor who acted on the information in
question _immediately_ after it was made known as long as he did not, as an
insider, know of the information before it was released. How s 215(_a_) and s
215(_b_) can be _completely_ reconciled is indeed an interesting issue.
However, as the parties did not address us on it, we will not venture to say
anything more in the context of the present appeal.

78 Nevertheless, what _is_ clear – and this is of the first importance from a
_practical_ perspective – is that s 215(_a_) is _clearly broader in scope_
than s 215(_b_). As recognised above at [64], s 215(_a_) and s 215(_b_) have
separate spheres of application. Hence, there must be fact situations that
fall within the ambit of s 215(_b_) but _not_ within s 215(_a_). However,
while we need not, for the purposes of the present case, define the precise
contours of s 215(_b_), we note that there must be certain types of
information that Parliament intended to subject to the more stringent
requirements of s 215(_b_) and, for those types of information, s 215(_a_)
cannot be used as a backdoor to avoid the more stringent requirements of s
215(_b_). It is, nevertheless, likely that, with the broad purview of s
215(_a_), the sphere of application of s 215(_b_) will be narrow.

79 _However_ , as already noted above (at [63]), the Generally Available
Information on WBL relied upon by Lew would clearly fall within _both_ s
215(_a_) _and_ s 215(_b_). The issue that next arises, therefore, is whether
or not s 215(_c_) is satisfied on the facts of the present appeal.

Section 215(c)

Introduction

80 It is clear that the central figure with regard to both s 215 and s 216 of
the SFA is the Common Investor. As we noted above (at [58]), unlike s 216
(which relates to “persons who commonly invest in securities” _generally_), s
215(_b_) focuses on the narrower category of Common Investors of securities
“of a _kind whose price or value would be affected by the information_ ”
[emphasis added]. Section 215(_b_) requires a more specific _focus_ on a
particular group of Common Investors in order to ensure effective and fair
disclosure of a specific type of inside information as defined by that
provision itself. Section 216, on the other hand, relates to the issue of
_materiality_ pursuant to _Issue 3_ in the present appeal and, in that regard,
the materiality of the inside information has to be determined from the
_perspective of the Common Investor of securities generally_. However, despite
this difference which may lead to different specific characteristics depending
on the nature of information in each case, at a general level, the s 216
Common Investor and s 215(_b_) Specific Common Investor should both possess
the same basic level of professional knowledge as elaborated below in [82].

81 Under s 215(_c_), it is the Common Investor who has to make the deductions,
conclusions or inferences mentioned. Hence, it is from the Common Investor’s
perspective from which it is deduced, concluded or inferred from the generally
available information in s 215(_a_) and s 215(_b_) what information exists in
the market itself. This perspective requires that _an objective standard_ be
applied to such deductions, conclusions and inferences, which must also be
reasonable.

82 Both parties in the appeal agreed that the Common Investor possesses
general professional knowledge and adopted the definition of the “reasonable
investor” as set out in the Sarawak High Court decision of _Public Prosecutor
v Chua Seng Huat_ [1999] 3 MLJ 305 at 329–330 (“ _Chua Seng Huat_ ”). In _Chua
Seng Huat_ (at 328), the reasonable investor was described as “an investor who
possesses general professional knowledge as opposed to the said daily retailer
or a person who has made specific researches”. Therefore while the s 215(_b_)
Specific Common Investor and s 216 Common Investor may have different specific
characteristics depending on the specific nature of information in each case,
at a general level, both the s 216 Common Investor and s 215(_b_) Specific
Common Investor should possess the same basic level of professional knowledge.
In this regard, we adopt the definition of the “reasonable investor” as set
out in _Chua Seng Huat_ which refers to an investor with “general professional
knowledge” with an additional dimension added to the Common Investor in [112]
for the inquiry under Issue 3. This particular definition strikes a balance
between daily retailers out to make a quick buck without the general knowledge
of the considerations that would inform an investor as to whether or not to
buy or sell securities on the one hand, and expert investors who specialise in
the research of investing in securities on the other. The court in _Chua Seng
Huat (at 3_ 28) elaborated that “general professional knowledge” included:

(a) the ability to analyse and determine the quality and the prospect of
shares, which goes towards deciding when to buy;

(b) the ability to do technical and fundamental analysis on information that
is freely available;

(c) the knowledge that fundamental analysis is the intrinsic valuation of a
stock, which involves studying financial stock ratio, operating ratio and
profitability ratio, and which also involves the use of variation measures
like price earning ratio, dividend yield and price-to-book ratio;

(d) the knowledge that technical analysis is concerned with examining the
price and the volume behaviour of a share; and

(e) the knowledge of how to read and analyse financial accounts and
statements.

We now proceed to analyse the Generally Available Information on WBL from the
perspective of a Common Investor in accordance with the criteria set out
above.

The Judge’s findings with regard to the Generally Available Information on WBL

83 Whether or not the information in question was generally available is to be
assessed _at the time of the alleged insider trading transaction_ (see the
Supreme Court of Victoria decision of _R v Evans & Doyle_ [1999] VSC 488), in
the present case, as at 4 July 2007. Although the Judge did not clarify
precisely from whose perspective the deductions, conclusions and inferences
from the Generally Available Information on WBL were made, we agree that the
Generally Available Information on WBL that Lew relied on was too weak for the
Common Investor to draw the deductions, conclusions and inferences that would
enable him or her to arrive at the same content as that contained in the
Information. We will not set out the Generally Available Information on WBL in
detail again (which includes the financial results and announcements made by
WBL regarding its results and its subsidiaries) as the Judge has already
succinctly set it out in the Judgment at [9]–[14]. It would suffice for us to
hold that the financial results of WBL and its subsidiaries, which showed
decreasing profits, as well as the cautiously-worded forward-looking
statements by WBL could not have led the Common Investor to deduce that: (a)
WBL would suffer a loss in 3Q FY07; (b) WBL would take an impairment charge on
WPT in 3Q FY07, (c) the quantum of the impairment charge would be significant;
and (d) because of the significant impairment charge, WBL would suffer
significant losses in 3Q FY07. The logic behind Lew’s proposal of a
“regression analysis” based on the fact that the profits of WBL had been
consistently declining was not credible: in particular, a regression analysis
based on six points (which represent the available financial results for 2006
and the first two quarters of 2007, see [118] below) of declining profits was
a very weak basis from which to lead the Common Investor to infer that WBL
would suffer a loss in the next quarter. Indeed, Lew himself admitted the
weakness of this logic:[note: 12]

Q:… The mere fact that a company has suffered declining profits for two
quarters does not mean that the less [_sic_] quarter is going to have even
less profit; right?

A:Yeah. Absolutely. I agree.

84 The Judge was also correct to find it “significant that no profit warning
was issued” (see Judgment at [78]). There was no basis in the Generally
Available Information on WBL for the Common Investor to deduce that WBL was
going to take an impairment charge on WPT in 3Q FY07 and that even if such an
impairment could be deducible, the Common Investor could not from the
Generally Available Information deduce the quantum of the impairment charge.
Lew himself admitted this during cross-examination:

Q:You are saying that these announcements [as referred to in [19] above] allow
a reasonable investor to read these three announcements and they would be able
to deduce that there is going to be an impairment for WPT?

A:I wouldn’t say it is going to, but I say it allows the investor to deduce
that the impairment may be _possible_.

Q:May be possible?

A:Yes.

Q:Likely?

A:I think the man in the street wouldn’t know the details of the impairment
test.

Q:So the man in the street, or the common investor, would have no way of
knowing whether or not an impairment for WPT was likely or not; right?

A:That’s correct.[note: 13]

…

Q:… So your evidence is that the investing public could deduce that sizable
impairment would have to be taken for WPT by WBL, right?

A:I don’t think we should use the word “sizeable”. I think that the impairment
on WPT would not be surprising to the market.

Q:So the fact of an impairment for WPT, you felt, would not be surprising to
the market?

A:Yes.

Q:There was an impairment of about $26 million; right?

A:Yes.

Q:Was an impairment of that magnitude deducible by the investing public prior
to the release of the Q3 FY 07 results?

A:No.

Q:No?

A:Yeah, I think that the public would not know what is the quantum.[note: 14]

[emphasis added]

85 We hold, therefore, that the Common Investor would not have been able to
deduce, conclude or infer from the Generally Available Information on WBL the
same conclusions as those contained in the Information. Further, even if we
accept that the Common Investor could have arrived at the same conclusions as
those contained in the Information, we would find that the deductions,
inferences and conclusions from the Generally Available Information on WBL
would not satisfy the legal test embodied in s 215(_c_) – an issue to which we
now turn.

The legal test for s 215(c)

86 We are of the view that the Judge applied the correct legal test in
relation to s 215(_c_) of the SFA. MAS submitted that our courts should follow
the New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal decision of _R v Hannes_ (2000)
36 ACSR 72, which interpreted the Australian equivalent of s 215(_c_). In _R v
Hannes_ , the “generally available” information was of a relatively higher
quality than the information in our case. The insider was an executive
director of a bank that had advised a company, TNT Ltd (“TNT”), in relation to
a possible takeover. The “generally available” information, comprising
contemporaneous brokers’ reports and newspaper articles, referred to TNT as a
takeover target whose shares were valued in excess of AU$2 each. The Common
Investor could therefore have, arguably, arrived at the _same conclusion_ as
the insider from the generally available information – _viz_ , that there was
going to be a takeover of TNT and that the shares of TNT were worth more than
AU $2 each.

87 However, this is where _R v Hannes_ , like _Hannes v DPP_ , emphasised the
importance of _particularising_ the information concerned. The insider in _R v
Hannes_ knew two particular pieces of information which the Common Investor
did _not_ – namely: (a) the fact that the insider’s bank was advising TNT in
relation to the possible takeover; and (b) the fact that TNT’s securities were
placed on the bank’s embargo list. These two particular pieces of information
made the insider’s information “ _qualitatively different_ ” from the informed
analysis of the generally available information. Put simply, it changed the “
_quality_ ” of the insider’s information to information that was of a higher
reliability and certainty than the deductions, conclusions and inferences
arrived at by the Common Investor. As Spigelman CJ (with whom Studdert and
Dowd JJ. agreed) observed (at [276]–[277]):

[**276**] In my opinion, the information specified in the particulars [the
subject of the charge of insider trading] was **not of the same character** as
that contained in the brokers’ reports [which were generally available to the
public]. Those reports deduced from the objective circumstances of the company
the **_possibility_** _of a takeover_. The brokers’ reports also computed, on
a variety of bases, the brokers’ valuations, some of which were in excess of
$2.

[**277**] The “information” particularised, although it could have been more
felicitously expressed in this respect, has an element of **_probability_**
which is not present in any of the brokers’ reports. ... In my opinion,
nothing in the nature of the “deductions, conclusions or inferences” contained
in any of the brokers’ reports suggested that it was based on **information of
the same character as that contained in the “information” as particularised**.

[emphasis in italics and bold italics in original; emphasis added in bold]

This approach is not only logical and practical, but also consistent with the
legislative purpose of the SFA. We note, in particular, the _qualitative_
distinction drawn with regard to the character of the information (_ie_ ,
whether what is available to the general public is of the “ _same character_ ”
as that available to the insider) as well as the (corresponding) distinction
drawn between the concept of what is _possible_ on the one hand and what is
_probable_ on the other. Applying the test in _R v Hannes_ , information would
only qualify as “generally available” under s 215(_c_) if the Common Investor
could make deductions, conclusions or inferences from information which were
of the “same character” or “quality” as the information the insider possessed.

88 There is also another decision handed down by the Federal Court of
Australia – _viz_ , _Catena v Australian Securities and Investments Commission
(No 2)_ [2010] FCA 865 (“ _Catena_ ”) – that briefly considered the Australian
equivalent of s 215(_c_) (affirmed in _Catena v Australian Securities and
Investments Commission_ [2011] FCAFC 32). _Catena_ was an appeal from the
decision of the tribunal (_viz_ , _YFFM and Australian Securities and
Investment Commission_ [2010] AATA 340), and while _R v Hannes_ was not cited
in _Catena_ , the applicant relied on _R v Hannes_ before the tribunal
_albeit_ for a different legal point. The tribunal was reviewing an order made
by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”) under the
Australian Corporations Act 2001 in prohibiting the applicant (a broker) from
providing any financial services for a period for 5 years. This was because
the applicant had failed to comply with section 1043A(1) of the Australian
Corporations Act 2001 by procuring another person to acquire shares in a
company while in possession of inside information of that company. The
tribunal affirmed the order of the ASIC and _Catena_ affirmed the decision of
the tribunal. The specific facts were that a broker knew that there would be a
likely merger or takeover proposal for a company at a price of about AU$2.15
by mid-August 2006 at the latest and, with this information, he tried to
solicit his clients to acquire shares in that particular company. The broker
tried to argue, on appeal in _Catena_ , that there was evidence of market
rumours speculating that the company was a likely takeover target and,
therefore, the information about the merger or takeover proposal was generally
available. At [65] of _Catena_ , the Federal Court of Australia accepted that
the tribunal found, not unreasonably, that:

[The broker’s] evidence merely established that there was _high level rumour
or market speculation_ , but _it did not suggest that there existed market
rumour or speculation that_** _extended both to the likely price and timing of
a takeover_**. It was **_that part of the information possessed by the
applicant_** – that the price was about $2.15 and that the timing of the
takeover was in about the middle of August – **_that was critical to the
Tribunal’s assessment that information was not generally available._**
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Therefore, a similar test to that in _R v Hannes_ was implicitly applied in
_Catena_ , as the information which the broker possessed was clearly of a
different and better character and quality than the market rumours that were
generally available.

89 Lew, on the other hand, proposed a “rationality” test for s 215(_c_),
utilising the test formulated by the US Supreme Court in _Basic Incorporated,
et al, Petitioners v Max L Levinson et al_ 485 US 224 (1988) (“ _Levinson_ ”),
_ie_ , whether the information would significantly alter the total mix of
information available to common investors (see [95] below). However, this
_conflates_ the materiality test (to be determined pursuant to Issue 3) with
the general availability test (which is the issue presently being considered)
inasmuch as the test in _Levinson_ only applies to determine if the
information in question would have _material_ effect (indeed, the decision of
the US Supreme Court in _TSC Industries, Inc, et al, Petitioners, v Northway,
Inc_ (1976) 426 US 438 (“ _TSC_ ”), which dealt with the test of _materiality_
(and which will be dealt with in more detail below at [95]), was referred to
in _Levinson_). Further, the logic of Lew’s “rationality” test, with respect,
was singularly unpersuasive. Lew suggested that so long as it was reasonable
for a Common Investor to arrive at the same conclusion as the insider, the
insider’s information should be considered as generally available under s
215(_c_). However, this ignores the _qualitative_ difference between the
Common Investor’s deduction on the one hand and the insider’s information on
the other, inasmuch as whilst both the Common Investor and the insider may
arrive at the same conclusion, the insider’s information is nevertheless of a
higher quality simply because it is based on information not available to the
Common Investor, which thus allows the insider to deduce the conclusion with
_greater_ _certainty_ and _reliability_. In the circumstances, to allow Lew’s
“rationality” test to prevail would reduce greatly the effectiveness of the
legal framework of our insider trading regime.

90 The “same character” or “quality” criteria (pursuant to the test in _R v
Hannes_) may appear difficult to apply, but this test, which is also the legal
test for the purposes of s 215(_c_), is not, in the nature of things, an exact
science – a point which, we add, would apply to any other test for that
matter. The fact that the insider’s information is more particularised than
the Common Investor’s does _not necessarily_ mean the information relied upon
by the Common Investor to make his deductions, conclusions and inferences is
not of the “same character” or “quality” as the insider’s information. This
would depend upon whether the additional particularisations of the insider’s
information were such that they changed the “character” or “quality” of the
insider’s information (compared to the information relied upon by the Common
Investor to make its deductions, conclusions and inferences). The yardstick
for comparison is whether the particulars of the insider’s information would
have made the information _more_ _certain_ or _reliable_ , such that the
probability of the occurrence of what was deduced, concluded or inferred from
the information would have increased. This would reflect Parliament’s concern
to ensure a level playing field in the stock market inasmuch as insiders
should not be investing with more favourable odds (that were gained unfairly)
compared to the Common Investor.

91 In this regard, we refer again to the particularisation of the Information
at [47] above. Even if we accept that based on the Generally Available
Information on WBL, the Common Investor could have arrived at the same
conclusions as those contained in the Information, the particularisation of
the Information clearly demonstrated that the deductions based on that
information were of a better quality. The Information was based on actual
financial results in April and May 2007 as well as on actual knowledge of the
board’s discussion of an impairment charge on WPT, including estimates of the
quantum of the impairment charge. _R v Hannes_ also highlights that the source
of the information is an important factor in ascertaining its reliability.
Hence, the fact that the Information came directly from the senior management
of WBL made it more certain and reliable than information from external
sources. Thus, the Information was not of “same character” or “quality” as the
Generally Available Information on WBL in which the Common Investor relies
upon to make its deductions, inferences and conclusions.

Conclusion on Issue 2: The Information was not generally available

92 We thus found that the Information was not generally available under all
three limbs of s 215, especially s 215(_c_). In the circumstances, the
presumption of knowledge under s 218(4) would be triggered and the burden of
proof would be shifted to Lew to rebut the presumption of knowledge under s
218(4) (see [24]–[25] above).

Issue 3: If the Information was not generally available, would a reasonable
person expect it to have a “material effect” on the price or value of WBL
shares if it were generally available?

93 Once it is established that the information at issue is “not generally
available”, the next element to be fulfilled under s 218(1)(_a_) of the SFA is
that if the information _had_ _been_ generally available, a reasonable person
would expect it to have had a “material effect” on the price or value of the
shares concerned. In this regard, s 216 provides, in turn, that this
requirement is fulfilled “if the information would, or would be likely to,
influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or not
to subscribe for, buy or sell the … securities”, _viz_ , the Common Investor,
to whom we have already made reference above (at [82]).

94 It was common ground between the parties – correctly, in our view – that
materiality was to be assessed on the date of the Transaction, _ie_ , 4 July
2007.

The general test for materiality

95 In interpreting s 218 read with s 216 of the SFA, the parties agreed, and
the Judge correctly held, that the legal test for materiality is that
established in the US Supreme Court decision of _TSC_ (see above at [89]) at
449, _ie_ , information is _material_ if:

… there is a _substantial likelihood_ that a reasonable shareholder would
consider it important in deciding how to vote. … _It does not require proof of
a substantial likelihood that disclosure of the omitted fact would have caused
the reasonable investor to change his vote_. What the standard does
contemplate is a showing of a substantial likelihood that, under all the
circumstances, the omitted fact would have assumed actual significance in the
deliberations of the reasonable shareholder. _Put another way, there must be a
substantial likelihood that the disclosure of the omitted fact would have been
viewed by the reasonable investor as having significantly altered the “total
mix” of information made available._ [emphasis added]

Although the test of materiality in the US has been furnished by common law
rather than by statute, the test in _TSC_ (“the _TSC_ test”) is essentially
the same as that provided under the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (see
Baxt, Black & Hanrahan, _Securities and Financial Services Law_ (Chatswood,
N.S.W.: LexisNexis Butterworths, 7th Ed, 2008) at para 18-17), and, by logical
extension, also the same as that under the SFA (see [52] above, where it is
noted that the insider trading provisions of the SFA were derived from the
Australian Corporations Act 2001). US and Australian cases are thus both
relevant to the interpretation of s 218 read with s 216 of the SFA. We pause
to also note that the _TSC_ test, whilst originally formulated with reference
to the test of materiality in relation to Rule 14a-9 of the General Rules and
Regulations promulgated under the US Securities Exchange Act 1934, has since
been applied in a variety of other contexts, including the present (see, for
example, Yvonne Ching Ling Lee, “The Elusive Concept of “Materiality” Under
U.S. Federal Securities Law” (2004) 40 Willamette L Rev 661 (“ _Lee_ ”) at pp
662–663). This is not surprising in view of the fact that the _TSC_ test is
based on _general principle_ and is therefore of _general applicability_. It
is by no means a perfect test (see, for example, _Lee_ at pp 663–669), but
every test would, in the general nature of things, engender difficulties –
especially in the sphere of application.

96 We note that s 216 of the SFA does not expressly state the _degree_ of
likelihood that the information must have of influencing the Common Investor
before that information can be regarded as having a material effect on the
price or value of the shares in question. We are of the view that, in
accordance with the _TSC_ test, there must be “a _substantial_ likelihood”
that the information will influence the Common Investor in order for a
reasonable person to consider that information as having a _material_ effect
on the price or value of the shares. It goes without saying that, in applying
the _TSC_ test, the influence cannot be _de minimis._

97 Despite the parties’ agreement as to the legal test to be applied, the
question of how much weight is to be accorded to evidence of how the market
actually reacted when the information became generally available (“Market
Impact Evidence”) was controversial. This controversy was borne out in the
respective parties’ submissions. Both parties agreed that Market Impact
Evidence could be a relevant consideration,[note: 15] but Lew went much
further, submitting that the qualitative or predictive analysis of whether a
Common Investor would have been influenced by the Information should
“ultimately be verified and validated”[note: 16] by actual market impact,
pursuant (so Lew argued) to US and Australian authorities.[note: 17] This
particular issue was crucial to the resolution of this part of the present
appeal because a major part of Lew’s case was based on the argument that the
Transaction had no _actual impac_ t on the market. We disagreed with Lew and
agreed with the Judge (at sub-para (b) of [85] of the Judgment) that, based on
the language of s 216, there was no need for there to be an _actual impact_ on
a company’s share price in order to establish the element of materiality. The
Judge arrived at this conclusion based on the plain language of s 216, and we
agree. Nevertheless, given what has been a tendency in some cases to ignore
the plain statutory language (in so far as some Australian cases are
concerned) as well as the plain formulation of the _TSC_ test (in so far as
some US cases are concerned), we find it necessary to address the conflicting
case authorities on the weight which should be accorded to Market Impact
Evidence. This is especially so since Lew cited some of these cases in support
of his contention.

How much weight should be given to Market Impact Evidence?

98 Even though the _TSC_ test focuses on the likely importance of information
to a Common Investor’s decision-making process, courts in the US and Australia
have sometimes ignored any qualitative assessment from the Common Investor’s
point of view and have relied, instead, solely on Market Impact Evidence in
order to determine materiality (as shorthand, we will refer to this approach
as “the Market Impact Approach”).

99 For example, in _Australian Securities and Investments Commission v
Citigroup Global Markets Australia Pty Limited (No 4_) [2007] FCA 963 (“
_Citigroup_ ”), the only factor relied on to establish materiality (albeit by
way of _obiter dicta_) was a rise in the price of the stock concerned before
the close of trading on Friday and the opening price of the stock after it had
been made known on Monday morning that the company was the subject of a
takeover offer (see _Citigroup_ at [578]). Taken to the extreme, under the
Market Impact Approach, price movements (or the lack thereof) have been
treated as determinative _even when they contradicted expert evidence on how
Common Investors would be expected to react_. In _Securities and Exchange
Commission v John F Mangan_ _Jr_ 598 F Supp 2d 731 (“ _Mangan_ ”) at 735–737,
for example, the court found the information immaterial because there was no
significant change to share prices despite expert evidence that Common
Investors would likely be influenced by the information. Courts have even gone
so far as to state that if a company’s disclosure of information has no actual
effect on its share price, the information disclosed must be immaterial _as a
matter of law_ (see _In re Burlington Coat Factory_ 114 F 3d 1410 (3rd Cir,
1977) (“ _Burlington_ ”) at 1425, which was cited in _Mangan_ at 735). Indeed,
Lew cited both _Burlington_ and _Mangan_ in support of his position that
Market Impact Evidence was necessary in order to successfully invoke s 218 of
the SFA.[note: 18]

100 In contrast, some cases maintain that Market Impact Evidence is _not_
determinative proof of materiality. For example, the court in _United States
of America v Paul A Bilzerian_ 926 F 2d 1285 (1991) (“ _Bilzerian_ ”) at [16]
expressly rejected the defendant’s argument that the absence of any market
fluctuation in the relevant stock demonstrated that the information was not
important to investors. Although this was not a decision on insider trading as
such, it was nevertheless one in relation to other types of securities fraud
which, under US legislation, contain the _same_ materiality requirement as
that which applies in the context of insider trading. The court clarified at
[16], on the basis of _TSC_ , that:

… whether a public company’s stock price moves up or down or stays the same
after [disclosure] does not establish the materiality of the statements made,
though stock movement is _a factor the jury may consider relevant_. [emphasis
added]

101 In our view, the court in _Bilzerian_ was correct to treat Market Impact
Evidence as relevant _but not_ conclusive, and the other cases cited above
were wrong to treat Market Impact Evidence as _conclusive_ , for the following
reasons.

102 First, this approach (_viz_ , the Market Impact Approach) is precisely
what the drafters of the Australian provisions, from which our s 218 is
adopted, sought to avoid. The Griffiths Committee, in recommending the
adoption of the “reasonable person” standard, explained that it was a concept
familiar to courts and _removed the need to rely on expert opinion_ (see The
_Griffiths Report_ at para 4.4, in particular, para 4.4.6). The _Griffiths
Report_ also expressed the desire that Australian law converge towards the
“reasonable person” standard already applicable in the US. Defining the
“reasonable person” standard in the US, the court in _TSC_ made clear (at 449)
that:

It does _not_ require proof of a substantial likelihood that disclosure of the
omitted fact _would have_ caused the reasonable investor to change his vote.
[emphasis added]

103 Hence, our objective test of the likely impact of the information on the
Common Investor does _not_ require the Common Investor to have _actually_
changed his buying or selling behaviour (see above at [95]), which change the
Market Impact Approach necessarily presumes. The plain language of the
Australian and Singapore statutory provisions, together with the _TSC_ test,
indicates that materiality turns upon _a reasonable person’s view_ of how the
information _would_ be likely to influence the decision-making processes of
the Common Investor, as assessed _at the time of the alleged insider trade_.

104 In contrast, the Market Impact Approach has made the question of
materiality one to be determined on an almost purely or entirely _ex post
facto_ basis (see _Lee_ at p 664). In the US, at least, there has been concern
that this has made the standard of materiality elusive and “subject to
scrutiny with the gloss of hindsight” (see Steinberg & Myers, “Lurking in the
Shadows: The Hidden Issues of the Securities and Exchange Commission’s
Regulation FD” (2002) 27 Journal of Corporation Law 173 at p 189).

105 Secondly, the Market Impact Approach assumes that one can precisely
attribute a certain market movement to the release of certain information.
This assumption may not be realistic depending on the nature of the
information. In the words of one commentator (Richard C Sauer, “The Erosion of
the Materiality Standard in the Enforcement of the Federal Securities Laws”
(2007) 62(2) Business Lawyer 317(41) (“ _Sauer_ ”) at 325):

[T]he market rarely presents a clean sheet on which to read the significance
of an issuer’s individual disclosures; _on any given day the price of a
security reflects a variety of developments_ concerning the issuer, its
industry sector, and the market in general, not exclusively information
released by the issuer. [emphasis added]

Even the court in _United States of America v Kevin Heron_ 525 F Supp 2d 729
(2007) (“ _Heron_ ”), which Lew also cited as authority for the conclusiveness
of Market Impact Evidence, acknowledged (at [9]–[10]) the limitations of such
evidence, as follows:

In this Internet age, so much information is available to investors that no
disclosure ever takes place in isolation … it is at least conceivable that two
material items of information, released more or less simultaneously, could
cancel each other out and produce the appearance of immateriality. [emphasis
added]

Indeed, even professional stock analysts often find themselves at a loss to
explain why market reactions differ so greatly from expectations (see _Sauer_
at p 322).

106 Thirdly, treating Market Impact Evidence as being conclusive requires the
court to rely heavily on expert evidence, which can be greatly subjective. It
is for good reason that the Griffiths Committee preferred to adhere to a
concept of the reasonable person standard (as stated above in [102]) familiar
to courts and avoid over-reliance on expert opinion. In _Mangan_ , for
example, the experts’ opinions diverged simply because the experts had used
different time windows. One expert also looked at intraday price movements
whereas the other did not. As we have already established above (at [102]), it
is clear that s 216 of the SFA _never intended that a finding of insider trade
should stand and fall based purely on which expert’s opinion the court
prefers._

107 It is appropriate here to make a clarification about the role of expert
evidence. It has been argued that expert evidence is necessary in establishing
materiality (see Lyon & du Plessis, _Law of Insider Trading in Australia_
(Sydney: The Federation Press, 2005) (“ _Lyon & du __Plessis_ ”) at p 29).
However, it is important to be clear _as to what the expert evidence should
pertain_. _Lyon & du __Plessis_ does not refer to expert evidence pertaining
to how to interpret market movements, but, rather, expert evidence pertaining
to whether information would be likely to influence persons who commonly
acquire securities. To this end, the learned authors view expert evidence as
“necessary to eliminate speculative, subjective and disparate reasoning by
individual members of the jury” (see _Lyon & du __Plessis_ at p 29). The
proper role of expert evidence, therefore, is to assist the court in
establishing how _a reasonable person_ , _at the time of the alleged insider
trade_ , would expect the information to influence a Common Investor, and
_not_ to establish, on hindsight, what actually happened to the market upon
the release of the information.

108 In summary, Market Impact Evidence may be considered as a relevant
consideration in determining whether s 216 of the SFA is fulfilled, but should
not be taken – in and of itself – as conclusive. We found it crucial to
clarify this in the light of the cases cited above, and in the light of Lew’s
contention (see [97] above) that the qualitative or predictive analysis of
whether a Common Investor would have been influenced by the information in
question should “ultimately be verified and validated”[note: 19] by Market
Impact Evidence. If this had been appreciated earlier, we could have avoided
the misplaced type of argumentation that we saw in this case, where the
parties, instead of focusing on whether and to what extent the Information was
likely to operate in a Common Investor’s decision-making process, focused
their evidence and their argumentation on extremely fine points of
interpretation of WBL’s share price movements. In fact, these fine points of
interpretation were a pithy demonstration of the difficulties with the Market
Impact Approach as we explained above at [102]–[106], a point which we will
elaborate upon below when we consider the parties’ arguments on the Market
Impact Evidence in the present case (see, in particular, [126] and [134]
below).

109 Finally, we should also emphasise that, in using Market Impact Evidence as
one of the factors, care should be taken not to draw false equivalences
between the information subsequently released into the market on the one hand
and the alleged inside information on the other. In our case, for example, Lew
knew that: (a) WBL had forecasted a loss of either $0.4m or $2.3m, depending
on what financial data was included; (b) it was very likely that WBL would
take a significant impairment charge on WPT in 3Q FY07; and (c) it was very
likely that WBL would suffer a significant overall loss in 3Q FY07. Such
information was _not_ equivalent to the information that was actually released
on 14 August 2007, _ie_ , that WBL _had in fact_ suffered an overall loss of
$27.3m, of which $26.6m consisted of an impairment charge on WPT (and thus,
the actual loss was $0.7m, compared to the forecasted loss of either $0.4m or
$2.3m). When considering Market Impact Evidence, the court must be sensitive,
both in this case as well as in future cases, to the fact that the quality of
the information released (thereby generating the Market Impact Evidence) is
usually couched _in terms of factual events that have already taken place_ ,
whilst the information possessed by the alleged insider trader at the
_material time_ may be couched in terms of _probabilit_ y, even if the
probability is high (as in the instant case).

Application of the TSC test to the Information Lew possessed

110 The Judge held that both the Loss Forecast and the Significant Impairment
Prospect – and therefore, by definition, the Significant Overall Loss Forecast
too – were material. We had some reservations with regard to the materiality
of the Loss Forecast _in itself_ , which we articulate below for the purpose
of giving direction to parties conducting future cases, but we ultimately
found there to be sufficient evidence that the Judge was correct on both
counts. In any case, the materiality of the Significant Impairment Prospect
was sufficient, in and of itself, to render Lew’s sale of 90,000 of his WBL
shares a contravention of s 218 of the SFA.

(i) The Loss Forecast

111 The reason we had some reservations as to whether the Loss Forecast was
likely to have influenced the Common Investor was because of three factors
_taken_ _in combination_ , as follows:

(a) the fact that the Loss Forecast projected only a loss of $0.4m (including
M-Flex’s and MFS’s forecasted performance);

(b) the relativity of this figure to the last reported profit of $1.6 million
for 2Q FY07 (_ie_ , only a small profit); and

(c) the fact that the Loss Forecast was a _quarterly_ loss forecast, and, in
this regard, it is questionable whether sophisticated investors of the kind
intended to be captured by the Common Investor test assess their investments
on a quarterly basis rather than on a more long-term basis.

112 Factors (a) and (b) above are self-explanatory. In so far as factor (c) is
concerned, this revealed the gaps in the _Chua Seng Huat_ definition of the
Common Investor (see above at [82]). The _Chua Seng Huat_ definition only
addresses the level of knowledge and skill which the Common Investor is
assumed to have. This leaves out the dimension that investors, even of
comparative levels of knowledge, may have different risk appetites or
investment horizons time-wise. _Sauer_ (at p 325) distinguishes between
holders of a small amount of a company’s securities on the one hand and its
institutional investors on the other, who have different priorities and thus
react differently to particular corporate developments. We find it necessary,
therefore, to clarify this aspect of the Common Investor test.

113 In our view, the Common Investor test excludes speculators. The fact that
the _Chua Seng_ Huat definition of the “Common Investor” excludes buyers and
sellers of shares who are “ _out to make a quick profit_ … and would not
bother about _the matters or factors which prompt an investor_ to buy or sell
shares and when to do so” [emphasis added] (_Chua Seng Huat_ at 328A-B)
suggests that this ought to be the case. It is also important for policy
reasons to exclude speculators from the materiality test. Virtually any
information is capable of influencing the behaviour of people dealing in
shares for short-term capital gains, but the court must be careful not to cast
the net of materiality too wide.

114 Returning to the facts of the instant case, we had some reservations as to
how much Common Investors, as opposed to mere speculators, would be likely to
be influenced by a quarterly forecast _in isolation_ , especially one that
forecast a loss which was as small as $0.4m. It seemed to us at least
questionable whether longer-term investors, who would usually have already
done their homework as regards the long-term value of the company whose shares
they are interested in, are likely to reassess every quarter whether they
should buy or sell the company’s shares, especially when the information
pertaining to that quarter comprises merely forecasts. Ideally, we would have
liked to have seen more evidence adduced with regard to investor behaviour in
this regard. Unfortunately, this was an unexplored dimension because the
nature of the expert evidence adduced was confined to Market Impact Evidence.
In future cases, this problem may be avoided if parties adduce expert evidence
of the right sort (see above at [107]).

115 These observations notwithstanding, we ultimately found that the evidence
in this case, on balance, crossed the threshold required in order to
demonstrate that the Loss Forecast was material. The _TSC_ test merely
requires a substantial likelihood that the disclosure of the Loss Forecast
would be viewed by the Common Investor as having significantly altered the
“total mix” of information made available. The question centred on whether the
Information _assumed actual significance in the deliberations of the Common
Investor_ ; there was no necessity to prove that the Common Investor would
actually change his position, for example, from selling WBL shares to buying
WBL shares (see above at [102]–[103]).

116 We agreed with the Judge (at [93] of the Judgment) that even if we
accepted Lew’s submissions that the Loss Forecast was unreliable from a Common
Investor’s perspective (which we did not), the fact that the Loss Forecast was
unreliable did not have any relevance at this stage. The Common Investor would
not know that the forecasts provided by WBL were generally unreliable, unless
he could infer from the generally available information that the forecasts
provided by WBL’s senior management were unreliable. There was no such
generally available information from which such an inference could be made.

117 We also agreed with the Judge (at [94] of the Judgment) that weight should
be given to the fact that the Loss Forecast was based on the most recent
financial information of WBL, including the actual financial results for April
and May 2007. We agreed with the logic in the expert evidence of Chong that
_ceteris paribus_ , the more recent a financial result, the more weight a
Common Investor would attach to it.

118 The net attributable profit of WBL for the last few quarters prior to 3Q
FY07 is as follows (“Q1 FY 06”, for example, refers to the first quarter of
the Financial Year of 2006) – the figures are rounded to the nearest one
decimal place:[note: 20]

1Q FY 06 |  2Q FY06 |  3Q FY06 |  4Q FY06 |  1Q FY07 |  2Q FY07  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
$25.8m |  $14.5m |  $9m |  $9.6m |  $7.4m |  $1.6m  
  
  

As can be seen from the above figures, WBL announced a net attributable profit
of $58.9m for the whole financial year of 2006. It cannot be that the first
loss forecast by WBL (_ie_ , the Loss Forecast), even though it was a small
loss of $0.4m, would not have significantly altered the total mix of
information which the Common Investor possessed or would not have assumed
significance in the Common Investor’s deliberation as to whether to hold, buy
or sell WBL shares. The current information which the Common Investor
possessed (for example, the announcements by WBL in its financial reports)
generally consisted of forward-looking statements that were optimistic about
WBL’s future performances. The Loss Forecast would have significantly altered
the positive outlook of the totality of the information that the Common
Investor possessed. There was a substantial likelihood that the Loss Forecast
would have affected the Common Investor’s perception of the value of WBL
shares and would have increased the probability of the Common Investor
deciding to sell WBL shares. We were therefore of the view that the Loss
Forecast assumed _actual significance_ in the Common Investor’s deliberation
as to whether to hold, buy or sell WBL shares.

(ii) The Significant Impairment Prospect

119 First and foremost, we need to make an important comment on the fact that
the bulk of Lew’s case on the materiality of the Significant Impairment
Prospect repeated his earlier submissions that the Information was not
generally available. This was wrong in law: under s 218 of the SFA, _the
analysis of materiality proceeds on the premise that the previous element has
been fulfilled_ , ie _, on the premise that the Information was not generally
available_. It is important to clarify this point because courts and litigants
have sometimes conflated the two elements. In so far as Lew’s case conflated
these two elements, we had to dismiss it once we held that the Information was
not generally available.

120 Lew’s other argument was that a Common Investor would understand that an
impairment charge was not bad news because it was simply “ _ex post facto_
recognition of an existing problem”.[note: 21] However, he did not
substantiate this, and the evidence of MAS’s expert that impairment charges
“tend to have a very negative impact” on business[note: 22] therefore remained
unrebutted. Lew’s argument discounted the effect of an impairment charge as a
matter of accounting principle inasmuch as an impairment charge was a write-
off against the company’s assets and would cause the net total value of the
company’s assets to decrease. Even if we agreed with Lew that the quantum of
the impairment charge to be taken on WPT had not been decided yet at the 2
July 2007 GMC Meeting or at anytime before 4 July 2007 (the date of the
Transaction), the value-at-risk had already been identified, at a minimum, to
be $22m (excluding freehold land and buildings). An impairment charge (which
is recorded as a loss in a company’s profit and loss statements) of this
magnitude would clearly have a substantial likelihood of influencing a Common
Investor to buy or sell WBL shares, especially when the magnitude of the loss
was compared to the amount of total profits in the previous few quarters prior
to 3Q FY07 (see [118] above). It was clear that the Significant Overall Loss
Forecast, which was based largely on the Significant Impairment Prospect,
would similarly have been likely to influence the Common Investor to buy or
sell WBL shares.

Conclusion on the application of the TSC test to the Information

121 For the above reasons, we upheld the Judge’s findings that (i) the Loss
Forecast was material, (ii) the Significant Impairment Prospect was material
and, cumulatively, (iii) the Significant Overall Loss Forecast was material.

Evaluation of the actual Market Impact Evidence in the present case

122 As already noted above, the test of materiality under s 216 of the SFA is
an objective and prospective one, _viz_ , it is based on a reasonable person’s
view of how the information in question _would_ be likely to influence the
decision-making processes of a Common Investor, as _assessed_ _at the time of
the alleged insider trade_. The parties’ overwhelming reliance on actual
Market Impact Evidence in the context of the present appeal was therefore,
with respect, misplaced, particularly in the light of our cautionary note
above (at [109]) that the Information was _not_ equivalent to the information
subsequently released into the market. However, given the sheer amount of time
that the parties and the Judge devoted to analysis of the actual Market Impact
Evidence in the present case, and given that Market Impact Evidence is only
(as mentioned above) one factor going towards proving whether the Common
Investor test has been fulfilled, we feel it is appropriate to deal briefly
with Lew’s arguments that the actual Market Impact Evidence in the present
case demonstrated that the fall in WBL’s share price was insignificant, and
thus supported Lew’s argument that the Information was not material because
the Common Investors had not been influenced by the Information to buy or sell
WBL’s shares.

123 We agreed with the Judge that while the actual Market Impact Evidence
supported the objective analysis above to the effect that the news of the
impairment charge on WPT was material, the Market Impact Evidence relating to
the Loss Forecast was “not as strong” (the Judgment at [115]) and even
equivocal. However, the actual Market Impact Evidence would, in any case, not
prevent us from finding that the Loss Forecast was material under s 216 of the
SFA if it would or would be likely to influence a Common Investor to buy or
sell WBL shares under the objective analysis.

(i) Market impact of news of WBL’s loss

124 The analysis centres around 12 July 2007 and 17 July 2007, when M-Flex and
MFS, respectively, issued their profit warnings. 17 July 2007 was also the
date when WBL issued its own profit warning, specifically mentioning the
losses of M-Flex, MFS and WPT as reasons for its loss. A profit warning is an
announcement made by a company before it releases its financial statements
indicating that the profits to be declared will fall short of expected levels.

125 The following table reflects the movements in WBL’s share prices around
these pivotal dates:

Date (in July 2007) |  Closing price ($) |  Volume of trade  
---|---|---  
11 |  5.00 |  107,000  
12 12.40pm: M-Flex’s profit warning |  4.92 |  38,000  
13 |  4.92 |  48,000  
14-15 |  Non-trading days  
16 |  4.98 |  75,000  
17 6.16am: MFS’s profit warning 5.48pm: WBL’s profit warning |  5.00 |  67,000  
18 |  4.90 |  389,000  
19 |  5.00 |  204,000  
20 |  5.00 |  106,000  
  
  

126 The profit warnings did not, on their face, appear to have had any
material impact on the price of WBL shares during the above period. The
biggest change was the drop from $5.00 to $4.92 between 11 and 12 July 2007.
However, it was difficult to ascertain if the price drop could be attributed
_solely_ to M-Flex’s profit warning. On 12 July 2007, WBL also went ex-
dividend by 8.5 cents. The price of a company’s shares typically decline after
they go ex-dividend in order to reflect the fact that the company’s net asset
value has declined by the total amount of dividends paid out. MAS argued that
the fall in price is not always equivalent to the dividend amount, _ie_ , the
8-cent drop in WBL’s share price between 11 and 12 July 2007 could not be
attributed solely to the 8.5 cent dividend. MAS argued that 6 cents of the
8-cent drop could be attributed to the profit warning issued by M-Flex because
WBL shares had opened at $4.98 on 12 July 2007, down from the day before, and
the 2-cent drop already reflected the ex-dividend date. We agreed with the
Judge that it could not be assumed that markets operate with perfect
rationality and that the trade throughout 12 July 2007 might still be a
response to WBL going ex-dividend. _It was thus difficult to tell exactly
which part of the price drop on 12 July 2007 was attributable to M-Flex’s
profit warning, which in turn pithily demonstrates the fundamental problem
with relying on Market Impact Evidence that we highlighted above_ (at [105]).

127 Furthermore, even if we accepted MAS’s best case, a decrease of 6 cents
from $5.00 was only a 1.2% decrease. Even if we took into account the fact
that the Straits Times Index (“STI”) was rising by 0.8% at the time, as MAS
submitted, the net decrease in WBL’s share price relative to the STI was 2%.
This was a relatively small percentage and, coupled with the fact that WBL
shares were inactively traded (which meant that the effect of any trade would
be magnified relative to an actively traded counter), a decrease of 2% was too
insignificant to constitute evidence that M-Flex’s profit warning was
material.

128 Finally, if we accept the evidence of MAS’s own expert witness that the
effect of a piece of news should generally be assessed by looking at the
movements in share prices over three days (_ie_ , from 12 to 16 July 2007,
because there was no trade on 14 and 15 July 2007), WBL’s share price had gone
up to $4.98 by 16 July 2007, a negligible difference from the “original” share
price of $5.00 on 11 July 2007.

129 Both parties agreed that MFS’s and WBL’s profit warnings released on 17
July 2007 did not have any significant impact on the market. Overall, we
agreed with the Judge (at [110] of the Judgment) that the market did not
appear to have regarded the information on the possible loss suffered by WBL
as a significant factor contributing towards its evaluation of WBL’s
prospects.

Market impact of news of the impairment charge on WPT

130 The analysis in this particular sphere centres around 14 August 2007, when
WBL’s 3Q FY07 results were announced, including the news that WBL had made a
loss of $27.3m (of which the impairment charge over WPT represented $26.6m).

131 The following table reflects the trade in WBL shares around 14 August
2007:

Date (in August 2007) |  Closing price ($) |  Volume traded  
---|---|---  
14 |  4.78 |  16, 000  
15 |  No trade  
16 |  4.68 |  17,000  
17 |  No trade  
18-19 |  Non-trading days  
20 |  No trade  
21 |  4.68 |  6,000  
22 |  4.46 |  45,000  
23 |  4.46 |  69,000  
  
  

The drop of 10 cents in WBL’s share price on 16 August 2007 was small and
there were no trades in WBL shares over the next two trading days. MAS argued
that despite this: (a) its expert witness, Chong, had demonstrated that WBL’s
share price was positively correlated to the STI before 15 August 2007 and
became negatively correlated after that, indicating that investors had
“sharply revised downwards their assessment of WBL”;[note: 23] and (b) an
analysis of the Bid-Ask spread over the next four trading days (namely, on 16,
21, 22 and 23 August 2007) demonstrated that buyers had lowered the price at
which they were willing to buy WBL shares.

132 In so far as MAS’s first argument is concerned, Lew did not challenge
Chong’s demonstration of the relationship between WBL’s share prices and the
STI. Instead, Lew contended that it was fallacious to correlate the two in the
first place because WBL shares were not a component stock of the STI and Chong
had provided no explanation as to why they should be correlated. We found
Lew’s argument weak because Chong did in fact explain that there was a
correlation between the STI and every stock (_including non_ -component
stocks), and neither Lew nor his expert witness rebutted this explanation. In
fact, both Lew and his expert witness (whose testimony Lew, revealingly,
preferred not to rely on in this appeal) relied upon the STI’s movements to
explain the movements in WBL’s share prices. We therefore accepted Chong’s
evidence that the negative correlation of WBL’s share prices to the STI after
the news of the impairment charge on WPT was released demonstrated that the
news had a material effect on the price of WBL shares.

133 In so far as MAS’s second argument is concerned, Lew’s rebuttals were also
unpersuasive. Lew had argued that one could not rely on the Bid-Ask spread
during the four trading days after 15 August 2007 (“the material Bid-Ask
spread”) because the fact that prospective buyers placed lower bids for WBL
shares only took into account the demand side of the equation, but not the
perspective that prospective sellers had not reduced their asking prices.
However, s 216 only requires that the information in question would be likely
to influence the Common Investor to buy _or_ sell shares. Hence, if Lew
accepted that the prospective buyers were influenced to buy WBL shares at
lower prices, the material Bid-Ask spread would have satisfied s 216 of the
SFA.

134 Lew’s other argument was that the bidders in the material Bid-Ask spread
should be excluded because their bidding behaviour demonstrated that they
“[did] not necessarily represent Common Investors” but “more likely …
represent[ed] opportunists”.[note: 24] The problem with such an argument is
that it requires the court to examine bidding patterns in minute detail and to
guess at the knowledge level and the motives of individual bidders. Lew’s
analysis included the numbers of bidders each day, how many of them deleted
their orders and when the orders were deleted, _etc_. This seemed to us to
constitute a (wholly) dangerously speculative exercise. Indeed, Lew himself
clearly felt unable to pitch his argument at anything higher than the
submission that the bidders in the material Bid-Ask spread were “more likely
to represent opportunists” instead of Common Investors. In any case, the Judge
observed that many of the deleted bids were instantaneously followed by higher
bids, which suggested that the bidders were slowly trying to close the
material Bid-Ask spread. That, presumably, was more indicative of the bidders
being serious bidders as opposed to pure speculators who were merely trying to
see what were the best deals they could obtain from low bids. We agreed with
the Judge on this point, although _we reiterate that this once again
demonstrates how placing undue weight on Market Impact Evidence unduly
undermines the objective TSC test_ (see above at [102]–[106]).

135 While WBL’s share price did not fall significantly on 16 August 2007, it
had fallen to $4.46 by 22 and 23 August 2007. Lew challenged the length of
this timeframe, considering that MAS’s expert witness himself had testified
that a general timeframe for assessing the impact of a piece of news on the
market was three days. We were of the view that there could not be any fixed
timeframe for assessing the impact of a piece of news on the market. Much
would depend on the nature of the shares and, in this case, since WBL was
inactively traded, a reasonable period of time (similar to what is suggested
in s 215(_b_)) must be given for Common Investors to react to the news. We
agreed with the Judge (at [112] of the Judgment) that it was significant that
substantial volumes of WBL shares (45,000 and 69,000 shares on 22 and 23
August 2007 respectively) were traded only at the price of $4.46, compared to
the earlier volume of 6,000 WBL shares traded at the price of $4.68 on 21
August 2007 – this suggested that the price at which the market valued WBL
shares was $4.46 after absorbing the information of WBL’s loss and the
impairment charge on WPT. It should also be noted that Chong’s correlation
table demonstrated that the divergence between WBL’s share price and the STI
continued at least until 29 August 2007.

136 In summary, the difficulty in the interpretation of how the market reacted
to the information released by WBL highlighted the difficulties of relying on
Market Impact Evidence to assess materiality. However, we agreed with the
Judge that the Market Impact Evidence in the present case did support her
finding that the information which Lew had with regard to the impairment
charge on WPT would cause a reasonable person to expect the impairment charge
to have a material effect on the value or price of WBL shares.

Conclusion on Issue 3: Materiality

137 In the circumstances, we were therefore of the view that the Information
satisfied the requirement of materiality under s 218 of the SFA, as defined by
s 216.

Issue 4: Did Lew know or ought he reasonably to have known that the
Information was not generally available?

Legal interpretation of “ought reasonably to know”

138 The fourth limb under s 218 of the SFA is in s 218(1)(_b_), which requires
that:

… the connected person _knows_ or _ought reasonably to know_ that —

(i) the information is not generally available; and

(ii) if it were generally available, it might have a material effect on the
price or value of [the] securities of [the] corporation [in question] …

[emphasis added]

For convenience of exposition, we refer to these as “the _mens_ _rea_
elements” of s 218. The _mens_ _rea_ elements thus have both subjective as
well as objective limbs. Further, s 218(4) of the SFA provides that the _mens_
_rea_ of knowledge is _presumed_ once it is proved that: (a) the alleged
insider trader was in possession of information concerning the company to
which he was connected; and (b) such information was not generally available.

139 The Judge did not elaborate on how the objective _mens_ _rea_ limb of s
218(1)(_b_) (_ie_ , the “ought reasonably to know” limb) should be
interpreted. In this regard, we are of the view that the interpretation
proffered in _R v Rivkin_ with regard to the equivalent Australian legislation
ought to be adopted. In _R v Rivkin_ , the court held (at [94]) that the
“ought reasonably to know” limb “remain[ed] one that [was] _subjective_ to the
[person], having regard to all of the relevant circumstances, including the
[person’s] mental state at the time” [emphasis added] (“the _Rivkin_ test”).
Hence, in examining the issue of whether the alleged insider trader knew or
ought reasonably to have known that the information in question was not
generally available, the court concerned should first consider if a reasonable
person would consider the information not to be generally available. If so,
consideration would then be given to the alleged insider trader’s
circumstances (including his or her mental state, experience and level of
commercial expertise) in order to determine if there are _subjective_ factors
which would prevent him from arriving at the same conclusion. This analysis
applies to both s 218(1)(_b_)(i) (_ie_ , _mens_ _rea_ with regard to general
availability of the information) and s 218(1)(_b_)(ii) (_ie_ , _mens_ _rea_
that the information might have a material effect) (reproduced above at
[138]).

Issue 4(a): Did Lew know or ought he reasonably to have known that the
Information was not generally available?

140 This was a clear case where, _even without relying on the presumption of
knowledge under_ _s 218(4) of the SFA_ , there was sufficient evidence, on a
balance of probabilities, that Lew _knew_ that the Information was not
generally available. In his interviews with WBL’s counsel (on 12 July 2007)
and MAS (on 11 September 2007), Lew did not deny that the Information was not
generally available. In addition, Lew had even made several admissions of
knowledge during cross-examination:

Q:… I put it to you that prior to the release of WBL’s Q3 FY 07 results, the
investing public did not know that an impairment was going to be taken; do you
agree or disagree?

A:I agree.[note: 25]

…

Q:And that’s because the information, [_sic_] in the information is that the
company is forecasting a loss itself, that information is price-sensitive,
isn’t that right?

A:No. I think that information is confidential.

…

Q:… So what you are saying, if I understand you correctly, is that the board
or the company would expect financial information of the nature that was
presented at the GMC meeting of 2 July 2007, the board would expect employees
to keep that information with even more confidentiality?

A:Yes.

Q:A higher level of confidentiality?

A:Yes.[note: 26]

…

Q:So the man in the street, or the common investor, would have no way of
knowing whether or not an impairment for WPT was likely or not; right?

A:That’s correct.[note: 27]

…

Q:Was an impairment of that magnitude deducible by the investing public prior
to the release of the Q3 FY 07 results?

A:No.

Q:No?

A:Yeah, I think that the public would not know what is the quantum.[note: 28]

141 Lew attempted to argue that his admissions that the Information was not
generally available were not admissions with regard to how the phrase
“generally available” was understood in a legal sense under s 215 of the SFA.
However, it was clearly within the court’s purview to infer from his
statements whether his admissions satisfied how “generally available” was
understood in a legal sense under s 215 of the SFA. In the circumstances, we
upheld the Judge’s finding that Lew knew the Information was not generally
available.

Issue 4(b): Did Lew know or ought he reasonably to have known that the
Information might have a material effect on the price or value of WBL shares?

142 The _mens_ _rea_ element under Issue 4(b) was more easily satisfied in the
context of the present appeal. The plain language of “ _might_ have a material
effect” [emphasis added] in s 218(4) indicated that Parliament intended that
the threshold for materiality in this context should be pitched at a lower
standard than the threshold for materiality under s 216 of the SFA (_vis-à-
vis_ Issue 3). Under s 218(4), once the alleged insider trader is proved to be
in possession of information concerning the company to which he is connected
and once such information is proved to be not generally available, it is
presumed that the alleged insider trader (here, Lew) knew that the information
_might_ have a material effect on the price or value of the company’s shares.
Given how low a threshold the word “might” represents, it is difficult to
envision what Parliament requires an alleged insider trader to prove in order
to successfully rebut such a presumption. Indeed, short of a subjective
circumstance under the _Rivkin_ test, a successful rebuttal of the presumption
would be quite extraordinary. It is important that the presumption of
knowledge under s 218(4) (which only applies to “connected persons” – see [2]
above) must be applied carefully in order that the s 218 insider trading
regime is not more onerous for corporate insiders than Parliament originally
intended.

143 In the present case, _even without relying on the presumption of knowledge
under_ _s 218(4)_ , there was sufficient evidence to demonstrate that Lew knew
or reasonably ought to have known that the Information, if generally
available, _might_ have a material effect on the price or value of WBL shares.
First, Lew acknowledged during cross-examination that one danger of internal
forecasts being leaked to the public before they were finalised was that
people might trade on the basis of that information. This clearly suggested
that such information _might_ be material. Secondly, it is undisputed that Lew
had a conversation with Swee Hong about the price-sensitivity of the
Information (see above at [15]). Lew did not dispute that Swee Hong expressed
her opinion that the Information was price-sensitive. The opinion of WBL’s
Head of Legal and Compliance should surely have put Lew on constructive notice
that, at the very least, the Information _might_ be material.

144 While the Judge’s ultimate findings with regard to the _mens_ _rea_
elements were correct, we would, with respect, clarify part of the Judge’s
basis for finding that Lew possessed the requisite _mens_ _rea_. At [126] of
the Judgment, the Judge held as follows:

While it may be fairly said that WPT’s troubles were publicly well-documented,
_the [C]ommon_ _[I]nvestor would not have known that_ a conditional deadline
to impair had been imposed by the AC [Audit Committee], and that the condition
had, in all likelihood, not been satisfied as of the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting
(and after the deadline imposed). _Therefore, while the [C]ommon_ _[I]nvestor
may suspect that an impairment would be taken at some point of time, the news
that an impairment would be immediately recognised must surely have a possible
impact on WBL share price._ [emphasis added]

The Judge further observed, in a similar vein, as follows (at [128]):

Lew had information of a better quality than the market. The information
related to significant impairments and a forecasted loss after six quarters of
consecutive profit. _The market did not know that the impairment or loss was
to be recorded. Lew therefore ought reasonably to know_ that the information
might have a material effect on the price of the share. [emphasis added]

145 The Judge’s reasoning as set out in the preceding paragraph was the same
as the reasoning which she adopted _vis-à-vis_ her earlier finding that the
Information was not generally available. The logic was that _because_ the
market did not yet know about the impairment charge on WPT or WBL’s loss, it
_therefore_ follows that news of these developments must have been material.
With respect, this _conflates_ the element of general availability with the
element of Lew’s _mens_ _rea_ as to the materiality of the Information.

Conclusion

146 In summary, these were our _main holdings_ in the present appeal:

(a) In so far as _Issue 1_ was concerned (_ie_ , what information about WBL
Lew possessed at the material time (which we defined at [24] as “the
Information”)), we agreed with the Judge that the Information consisted of the
following pieces of information: (i) the Loss Forecast, (ii) the Significant
Impairment and (iii) the Significant Overall Loss Forecast (all as defined
above at [26]). This was consistent with the fact that “information” in s 214
of the SFA was intended to be interpreted more widely (see the analysis above
at [29] – [30]).

In the circumstances, Lew was wrong to raise the _certainty_ and _reliability_
of the information which he acquired from the 2 July 2007 GMC Meeting to argue
that the information therefore did not constitute “information” within the
meaning of s 218. The certainty and reliability of information was only
relevant to the inquiry under Issues 2 and 3. Issue 1, on the other hand,
relates to the very broad and general question as to _what_ constitutes
“information” in the first place, not the _quality_ of the information and
information might include knowledge of an uncertain, predictive or speculative
nature. It was also important to specifically _particularise_ the Information
(see above at [47] – [48]) to proceed with the inquiry under Issues 2 and 3,
especially with regard to Issue 2, specifically and especially when it is
disputed whether the Information could be _deduced_ from information that was
already generally available. Nevertheless, as the parties had joined issue on
the question of certainty and (especially) reliability at this (albeit
inappropriate) threshold stage, we found, on the facts, that the Information
was, in any event and in fact, both certain and reliable (see the analysis
above, especially at [32] – [46]).

(b) In so far as _Issue 2_ was concerned (_ie_ , whether the Information was
“generally available” under s 215 of the SFA), we agreed with the Judge that
the Information was _not_ generally available under the respective limbs of s
215 of the SFA, especially under s 215(_c_) of the SFA. Furthermore, we agreed
that the Judge had applied the correct legal test as embodied in _R v Hannes_
in relation to s 215(_c_) of the SFA, _ie_ , information would only qualify as
“generally available” under s 215(_c_) if the Common Investor could make
deductions, conclusions or inferences from information which were of the “same
character” or “quality” as the information the insider possessed. However, we
differed from the Judge in so far as she failed to state _exactly who_ was
contemplated in s 215(_c_) as making the “deductions, inferences and
conclusions” from the Generally Available Information on WBL (as defined at
[63] above) for the purposes of s 215(_c_) (see above at [57]). A _consistent
and objective_ point of reference must be identified, and this point of
reference is _from the perspective of the Common Investor_ as defined at [58]
above. To determine what information is generally available in the market, it
must be determined what “deductions, conclusions, or inferences” as referred
to in s 215(_c_) could have been made by a Common Investor. We agreed with the
Judge that the Generally Available Information on WBL that Lew relied on was
too weak for the Common Investor to have drawn the deductions, conclusions or
inferences that would have enabled him or her to arrive at the same content as
that contained in the Information. There was no basis in the Generally
Available Information on WBL for the Common Investor to deduce that WBL was
going to take an impairment charge on WPT in 3Q FY07 and, even if such an
impairment could be deduced, the Common Investor could not from the Generally
Available Information on WBL deduce the quantum of the impairment charge.
Further, even if the Common Investor could have arrived at the same
conclusions as those in the Information, they did not meet the necessary
threshold of being of the “same character” or “quality” as the Information as
particularised at [47] above: the Information was based on actual financial
results in April and May 2007 as well as actual knowledge of the board’s
discussion of an impairment charge (and, importantly, its quantum) on WPT.
Therefore, the Information was not “generally available” under s 218 of the
SFA (see generally above at [83] – [85]).

(c) In so far as _Issue 3_ was concerned (_ie_ , whether, if the Information
_were_ generally available, a reasonable person would expect the Information
to have a “material effect” on the price or value of WBL shares under s 216 of
the SFA), we agreed with the Judge that the correct legal test was the _TSC_
test as defined at [95] above. Indeed, parties did not dispute that the _TSC_
test is the correct test to apply under Issue 3. Rather, parties disputed how
much weight should be accorded to Market Impact Evidence (as defined in [97]
above), with Lew, in particular, arguing that Market Impact Evidence should be
treated as _conclusive_ in demonstrating whether the Information was material
or not. For the reasons given at [102] – [106] above, we rejected this
approach and held that, whilst Market Impact Evidence may be a _relevant_
factor in determining whether the Information was material, it is clearly not
conclusive in and of itself given s 216 of the SFA and the _TSC_ test. The
proper role of expert evidence, in the context of s 216 of the SFA, should be
to assist the court in establishing how _a reasonable person, at the time of
the alleged insider trade_ , would have expected the information to influence
a Common Investor, and _not_ to analyse in minute detail what, on hindsight,
had actually happened to the market upon the release of the information.

Further, we held that the Information here was material within the meaning of
s 216 of the SFA (_ie_ , a reasonable person would have expected the
Information to have a “material effect” on the price or value of WBL shares)
because there was a substantial likelihood that the Information would have
influenced the Common Investor to buy or sell WBL shares. While we had some
reservations with regard to the materiality of the Loss Forecast _in and of
itself_ , this was not crucial since we agreed that the Significant Impairment
Prospective and therefore the Significant Overall Loss Forecast were material.
The Market Impact Evidence in this case supported the conclusion that there
was a substantial likelihood that the Information would have influenced the
Common Investor to buy or sell WBL shares, although, as we held earlier,
Market Impact Evidence is _not conclusive proof_ of materiality under s 216.
Therefore, the Information satisfied the requirement under s 218 of
materiality (see the analysis above, especially at [110] – [137]).

(d) In so far as _Issue 4_ was concerned (_ie_ , whether Lew knew the
Information was not “generally available” and that if the Information were
generally available, it might have a “material effect” on the price or value
of WBL shares), we found that this was a clear case where, even without
relying on the presumption of knowledge under s 218(4) of the SFA, there was
sufficient evidence, on a balance of probabilities, to find that Lew _knew_
the Information was not generally available, and if generally available, might
have a material effect on the price or value of WBL shares. Therefore, we
upheld the Judge’s findings regarding Lew’s knowledge.

147 For the reasons set out above, we were satisfied that all the elements of
insider trading pursuant to s 218 of the SFA had been established and that Lew
was in contravention of the said provision. We therefore dismissed Lew’s
appeal with costs and the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Case (“AC”) at para 13.

[note: 2]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle, p 124 (Kevin Lew Chee Fai’s
1st Affidavit sworn on 9 April 2009 at [21]).

[note: 3]Joint Record of Appeal (“JROA”) vol III Part R, pp 3770 and 3947
(Cross-Examination of Kevin Lew Chee Fai by Mr Cavinder Bull SC).

[note: 4]Appellant’s Core Bundle, vol 2 (“2ACB”), p 82.

[note: 5]_Ibid_ , pp 84-85.

[note: 6]JROA vol V Part D, p 6714.

[note: 7]_Ibid_ , pp 6704–6705.

[note: 8]_Ibid_ , p 6714

[note: 9]2ACB, pp 87–88.

[note: 10]JROA vol III Part C, p 806; JROA vol III Part Q, p 3745.

[note: 11]2ACB, p 87.

[note: 12]JROA vol III Part S, p 3983 (Cross-Examination of Kevin Lew Chee Fai
by Mr Cavinder Bull SC).

[note: 13]_Ibid_ , p 3974.

[note: 14]JROA, vol III Part R, p 3946.

[note: 15]Respondent’s Case (“RC”) at para 449.

[note: 16]AC, para 144.

[note: 17]AC, paras 144–148.

[note: 18]AC, paras 144–148.

[note: 19]AC, para 144.

[note: 20]JROA vol IV, p 5679.

[note: 21]AC, para 183.2.

[note: 22]JROA vol III Part B, p 585 (Christopher Chong Meng Tak’s 1st
Affidavit affirmed on 8 April 2009).

[note: 23]RC at para 513.

[note: 24]AC at para 193.

[note: 25]JROA, vol III Part S, p 3961 (Cross-Examination of Kevin Lew Chee
Fai by Mr Cavinder Bull SC).

[note: 26]JROA, vol III Part Q, pp 3650–3652 (Cross-Examination of Kevin Lew
Chee Fai by Mr Cavinder Bull SC).

[note: 27]JROA, vol III Part S, p 3974 (Cross-Examination of Kevin Lew Chee
Fai by Mr Cavinder Bull SC).

[note: 28]JROA, vol III Part R, p 3946 (Cross-Examination of Kevin Lew Chee
Fai by Mr Cavinder Bull SC).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

