Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Vellama d/o Marie Muthu _v_ Attorney-General  
[2012] SGHC 74

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 196 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ravi (L.F. Violet Netto) for the applicant; David Chong
SC, Hema Subramaniam and Lim Sai Nei for the Attorney-General's Chambers.  
Parties| :|  Vellama d/o Marie Muthu — Attorney-General  
  
09 April 2012|  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

1 This was an application for leave under O 53 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) to apply for:

(a) Declarations (“Declarations”)

(i) That the Prime Minister does not have unfettered discretion in deciding
whether to announce by-elections in Hougang Single Member Constituency (“SMC”)
(“the First Declaration”); and

(ii) That the Prime Minister does not have unfettered discretion to decide
when to announce by-elections in Hougang SMC and must do so within three
months or within such reasonable time as this Honourable Court deems fit (“the
Second Declaration”); and

(b) A Mandatory Order enjoining the Prime Minister to advise the President to
issue a Writ of Election mandating by-elections in Hougang SMC pursuant to
Article 49(1) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed,
1999 Reprint) and Section 24(1) of the Parliamentary Elections Act (Cap 218,
2011 Rev Ed) and to tender such advice within three months or within such
reasonable time as the Honourable Court deems fit (“the Mandatory Order”).

2 I heard parties in chambers on the issue of leave on 30 March 2012. I
directed counsel for the applicant to delete two headings in his Originating
Summons No 196 of 2012 (“OS”): _Chng Suan Tze v Minister for Home Affairs and
others and other appeals_ [1988] 2 SLR(R) 525 and Article 21 of the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights, 10 December 1948, 217A (III) (“UDHR”). Whilst
counsel is at liberty to make submissions based on court decisions, the OS
title reference to a particular case is unnecessary. The UDHR, not having been
enacted as Singapore legislation, is not domestic law to which these
proceedings relate. Accordingly such OS title reference is misleading. Counsel
for the applicant agreed to do so.

3 On 2 April 2012, I granted leave for a substantive judicial review hearing.
On 4 April 2012, the Attorney-General (“AG”) appealed against my decision to
grant leave. I now state my reasons for granting leave.

The background

4 The applicant avers that she is a resident voter of Hougang SMC.

5 She avers that she had previously sought financial advice and assistance
from her then Member of Parliament of Hougang SMC (“MP”), Mr Yaw Shin Leong
(“Mr Yaw”) of the Workers’ Party, for whom she had voted in the last general
election. He had invited her to follow up with him.

6 She avers that on 15 February 2012, the Workers’ Party declared that Mr Yaw
had been expelled from the party. His parliamentary seat was thereafter
declared vacant.

7 The applicant avers that she is deprived of an MP and that although she is
being assisted by Workers’ Party MPs from the adjacent Aljunied Group
Representative Constituency (“GRC”), she avers that they do not represent her
vote.

8 She avers that she has a right to be represented by an MP whom she had an
opportunity of choosing. She has made this application to clarify the law and
to seek the Declarations and Mandatory Orders.

The threshold for O 53 leave applications

9 Applications for O 53 prerogative orders require the leave of court. One of
the purposes of the requirement of leave is to sieve out groundless
applications _in limine_. The Court of Appeal in _Public Service Commission v
Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 133 explained that the requirement of
seeking the leave of court (at [23]) was:

… intended to be a means of filtering out groundless or hopeless cases at an
early stage, and its aim is to prevent a wasteful use of judicial time and to
protect public bodies from harassment (whether intentional or otherwise) that
might arise from a need to delay implementing decisions, where the legality of
such decisions is being challenged. …

10 Leave is not granted unless the court is satisfied that: (i) the matter
complained of is susceptible to judicial review; (ii) the applicant has
sufficient interest in the matter; and (iii) the material before the court
discloses an arguable or _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour
of granting leave. Additionally, as these orders are discretionary remedies,
the court has a discretion to refuse leave where the circumstances warrant a
refusal (see _Singapore_ _Civil_ _Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam chief ed) (Sweet
& Maxwell Asia, 2007) at para 53/8/22).

11 It was not disputed for purposes of the leave application that the matter
relates to the performance of powers and duties which involve a public element
and thus is susceptible to judicial review. It was also not disputed that the
applicant has sufficient interest in the matter.

12 The main issue in dispute in this leave application was whether the
material before the court disclosed an arguable or _prima facie_ case in
favour of granting leave. I noted what the Court of Appeal in _Chan Hiang Leng
Colin and others v Minister for Information and the Arts_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 294
had to say on the meaning and scope of the phrases ‘a _prima facie_ case of
reasonable suspicion’ and ‘what might on further consideration turn out to be
an arguable case’ (at [22]):

This pass _age appears susceptible to two slightly different interpretations.
One is_ that the court should quickly peruse the material put before it and
consid _er whether s_ uch material discloses “what might on further
consideration turn out to be an arguable case”. The other is that the
applicant had to make out a “ _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion”. In
our view, both tests present a very low threshold and it is questionable
whether there is really any difference in substance between the two
interpretations.

The Court of Appeal (at [25]) then ruled that:

... What is required is not a _prima facie_ case, but a _prima facie_ case of
reasonable suspicion. If the latter can be shown, then it cannot be said that
the application must necessarily fail, for there would then appear to be an
“arguable case”.

13 Counsel addressed me primarily on the issue of whether the material before
me raised an arguable or a _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in
favour of granting leave.

The relationship between O 53 and O 15 r 16

14 Pursuant to amendments to O 53 made in May 2011, a public law declaration
may now be sought under O 53 r 1(1)(a). Previously, public law declarations
had to be separately commenced under O 15 r 16.

15 In these proceedings, the AG’s counsel took the position that while leave
is not required for a declaration under O 15 r 16, O 53 does not permit the
applicant to pray for a declaration until and unless she has first obtained
the Court’s leave to apply for a prerogative order, _i_._e._ , the Mandatory
Order.

16 Counsel for the applicant did not dispute the AG’s counsel’s position, but
gave notice that if the court did not grant leave for the Mandatory Order
application to be heard, he would immediately be filing an application under O
15 r 16 for the declarations sought here, for which no leave of court is
required. In support he relied on V K Rajah J’s observation (as he then was)
in _Chee Siok Chin v Minister for Home Affairs_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 at [20]:

... The court rules are designed essentially to facilitate workflow and not to
impede legitimate legal grievances. They are the vassals and vessels and not
the masters of substantive justice. ...

17 At the threshold, it would appear that declarations sought under O 53 are
subject to the language of O 53 and require leave of court whilst declarations
sought under O 15 r 16 do not require leave of court but are subject to the
normal requirements including _locus standi_ and a live dispute.

18 I have directed parties to prepare further submissions on the above issue
at the substantive hearing.

The Mandatory Order

19 Counsel for the applicant argued that the court may issue a mandatory order
to compel the Prime Minister to exercise his powers in accordance with the
law. When a seat in Parliament has become vacant, Article 49(1) of the
Constitution states that:

… the vacancy shall be filled by election in the manner provided by or under
any law relating to Parliamentary elections for the time being in force.

20 Counsel for the applicant argued, that the word “shall” suggests that it is
mandatory for by-elections to be called. If so, he argued that the Prime
Minister does not have a discretion as to whether to hold a by-election in
Hougang SMC. Counsel for the applicant argued further that the Prime Minister
does not have an unfettered discretion as to the timing of the by-election. He
submitted that even though there is no constitutional or statutory requirement
to call by-elections within a specified time period, s 52 of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) suggests that elections should be
called within a reasonable time.

21 The AG’s counsel argued that the application for the Mandatory Order is
misconceived in law and in fact for the following reasons:

(a) There is no executive decision that could properly be the subject of the
prerogative order as the Prime Minister is presently exercising his discretion
to decide when to call the by-election in Hougang SMC;

(b) It directs the Prime Minister on the particular way he is to exercise his
discretion thus disregarding the discretion conferred on him by the
Constitution to decide when to call the by election; and

(c) It usurps the power of the Prime Minister under the Constitution to
decide, in his discretion when to call the by election in Hougang SMC and
transgresses the doctrine of separation of powers.

22 The AG’s counsel pointed out that on 9 March 2012 the Prime Minister had
stated in Parliament that he intended to call a by-election and that he is
considering the relevant factors in deciding when to call the by-election
(“the Prime Minister’s 9 March Statement”).

23 In reply, counsel for the applicant pointed out that the Prime Minister’s 9
March Statement only spoke of his intention to hold a by-election. Counsel for
the applicant observed that that was very different from saying that he was
compelled to hold one. In this regard, and citing the case of _Padfield v
Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food_ [1968] AC 967 at 1041, counsel
for the applicant submitted that the Prime Minister, by stating that he had
the power to decide “whether and when” to call an election, had
“misinterpreted the law or proceeded on an erroneous view of the law”. He
conceded that the Prime Minister has a discretion as to the timing of a by-
election and that the applicant is not seeking a specific date for the
announcement of a by-election.

The Declarations

24 Counsel for the applicant submitted that public law declarations have
“significant legal utility” in that they can conclusively settle the legal
boundaries within which administrative determinations would have to proceed.

25 The AG’s counsel submitted that the First and Second Declarations are
entirely academic and theoretical in light of the Prime Minister’s 9 March
Statement. He argued that courts do not burden themselves by granting
declarations which raise theoretical issues or which serve no useful purpose.
In addition, if the court were to grant the Second Declaration, it would be
substituting its discretion for that of the Prime Minister’s.

26 Counsel for the applicant earlier informed the AG’s counsel and the court
that he would if necessary immediately apply under O 15 r 16 for the First and
Second Declarations to be considered as standalone declarations for which the
leave of court is not required. In light of this, the question of whether the
quite separate requirements for standalone declarations have been met would
have to be determined at a substantive hearing, which this O 53 leave hearing
is not.

27 I asked counsel whether this court at this leave stage, is to examine each
and every prayer of the OS and consider any severance process. Counsel did not
make any submissions on this question. In any event, the applicant would have
to establish her case for the First Declaration (whether under O 53 or O 15 r
16), quite apart from and before any consequential Second Declaration and the
Mandatory Order are considered.

Conclusion

28 The applicant has filed this OS for leave to be heard in court for
declarations and a mandatory order relating to the Prime Minister’s powers
with respect to elections and the filling of vacancies of seats of MPs under
Arts. 12, 39(1) and 49(1) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore.

29 Based on what was presented and submitted to me for the purposes of the
leave application, without making any comment or decision on the merits or the
substantive legal issues, I granted leave for a judicial review hearing as I
was of the view that the very low threshold for leave has been met.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

