Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ADP _v_ ADQ  
[2012] SGCA 6

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 62 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Cheng Han SC (instructed), Lim Kim Hong and Rafidah
Binte Abdul Wahid (Kim & Co) for the appellant; The respondent absent.  
Parties| :|  ADP — ADQ  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 3 SLR 370.]

19 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal raised the novel issue of whether the Singapore courts have the
jurisdiction under the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) to
order the division of matrimonial assets and maintenance if the marriage
between the parties is found to be void. The High Court Judge (“the Judge”)
held that the Singapore courts have neither jurisdiction (see _ADP v ADQ_
[2011] 3 SLR 370 (“the Judgment”)). We allowed the appeal after hearing
arguments from the Appellant (as we explain below, the Respondent was not
present at the hearing). We now provide the detailed grounds for our decision.

Background

The parties and the void marriage

2 The Appellant, a Philippines national, had married the Respondent, a United
Kingdom (“UK”) national, in Hong Kong on 26 October 1995 (“the Hong Kong
Marriage”).[note: 1]

3 The Appellant had previously married a Japanese man on 1 December 1989 (“the
Japanese Marriage”).[note: 2] The Japanese Marriage resulted in a divorce,
which was finalised in Japan only on 7 December 1995.[note: 3] It should be
noted that the Hong Kong Marriage was contracted _before_ the Japanese
Marriage was terminated. This meant that the Hong Kong Marriage was void due
to bigamy.[note: 4]

4 The Appellant filed a petition for divorce on 25 March 2003. The divorce
proceedings resulted in an uncontested hearing on 26 August 2003 at which a
_decree nisi_ was granted.[note: 5]

5 The parties later found out that the Hong Kong Marriage was void. The
Respondent then filed an application (Summons-in-chambers No 651299 of 2004)
on 11 August 2004 seeking, _inter alia_ , to set aside the _decree nisi_ and
to declare that the Hong Kong Marriage was void (“the Rescission
Proceedings”).[note: 6] The Appellant also took out a nullity petition on 15
October 2004.

The Rescission Proceedings

6 The Rescission Proceedings were heard by a District Judge (“the first
District Judge”). In a written judgment, the first District Judge rescinded
the _decree nisi_.[note: 7] She declined, however, to grant the declaration
(to the effect that the Hong Kong marriage was void) sought by the Husband for
three reasons:[note: 8]

(a) The Family Court did not have the jurisdiction to make the declaration.

(b) The application for a declaration should be heard by the High Court
through an originating summons and not through an application within the
divorce proceedings.

(c) Even if the correct procedures were followed and the Family Court was the
correct forum to hear the application for a declaration, it was more
appropriate for the validity of the Hong Kong Marriage to be determined in a
nullity petition. Importantly, the first District Judge proceeded to elaborate
that one of the reasons why she thought a nullity petition was more
appropriate was that _ancillary relief is available to parties to a void and
voidable marriage_.[note: 9] She noted, however, that there might be an issue
of whether maintenance may be ordered to a wife in a void marriage because she
was, arguably, never a “wife”. She did not elaborate because she thought that
the availability of maintenance was an issue that she did not have to decide
at that point.[note: 10]

The third reason is important because, as will be seen below, it has given
rise to an argument of _res_ _judicata_.

7 The Respondent appealed the first District Judge’s decision to the High
Court. The High Court Judge dismissed the appeal without issuing written
grounds.[note: 11]

The present proceedings

8 The Family Court later declared in the nullity petition that the Hong Kong
Marriage was void. The court then directed that ancillary matters were to be
adjourned for a further hearing.

9 The ancillary matters came before another District Judge (“the second
District Judge”) who ruled, _inter alia_ , that the court did not have the
power to order the payment of maintenance or the division of matrimonial
assets because the judgment for nullity had been granted on the ground that
the marriage was void (see _ADP v ADQ_ [2009] SGDC 489).[note: 12]

10 The Appellant appealed that decision to the High Court. The High Court’s
decision with regard to the particular issue set out in the preceding
paragraph is the subject of the present appeal (as for the issue that was not
appealed, see below at [14]).

Decision Below

11 The Judge began his analysis by examining the wording of the relevant
provisions of the Act, _viz_ , ss 112(1) and 113 of the Act. It would be
useful, in this regard, to set out these provisions in full:

**Power of court to order division of matrimonial assets**

**112.** —(1) The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the
grant of a judgment of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, to
order the division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of
any such asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the
sale of any such asset in such proportions as the court thinks just and
equitable.

…

**Power of court to order maintenance**

**113.** The court may order a man to pay maintenance to his wife or former
wife —

(_a_) during the course of any matrimonial proceedings; or

(b) when granting or subsequent to the grant of a judgment of divorce,
judicial separation or nullity of marriage.

The Judge noted that the use of the phrase “nullity of marriage” in s 112(1)
of the Act has caused uncertainty because it encompasses two types of
marriages, _viz_ , void and voidable marriages (see the Judgment at [8]). The
Judge explained that under the Act, a judgment of nullity may be obtained for
both void and voidable marriages (see the Judgment at [9]). He then briefly
described the differences between void and voidable marriages (see the
Judgment at [10]–[12]). He concluded that the wording of s 112(1) does not
offer any indication as to whether “nullity of marriage” refers to both void
and voidable marriages. He was, however, prepared to take the view that the
court has the power to divide matrimonial assets in the context of a
_voidable_ marriage on the ground that assets acquired up to the point of
dissolution are matrimonial assets (see the Judgment at [12]).

12 The Judge proceeded to express his view that it is not appropriate for a
court to determine the effects of a void marriage (see the Judgment at [14]).
This is because a marriage may be found to be void for various reasons. For
example, a party may have acted in good faith or he/she might have been
deceptive. These different factual situations would require different
treatment and would require a consideration of “legal, sociological and public
policy considerations” (see the Judgment at [14]).

13 The Judge nevertheless proceeded to rule that a division of matrimonial
assets is not possible where the marriage is void. He reasoned that a void
marriage is not a marriage and so there are no “matrimonial assets” to divide.
Assets acquired in the course of the marriage will have to be divided
according to property, contract, trust or other relevant principles of law
(see the Judgment at [15]). Similarly, the Judge ruled that it was not
possible to order maintenance because s 113 of the Act refers to maintenance
of a “wife or former wife”. A claimant in a void marriage is neither (see the
Judgment at [16]). The Judge further commented that it might have been argued
that there is another basis for seeking maintenance if the parties had
maintained their relationship in the belief that they had a legal marriage.
The Judge observed, however, that this possibility “must remain as food for
thought” because the Appellant did not raise such a possibility (see the
Judgment at [18]).

14 It should be noted that the decision below also addressed an issue of
maintenance for the Appellant’s child from a previous relationship. The
Judge’s decision on this issue was not appealed.[note: 13]

The arguments

15 The Appellant raised a preliminary argument that the issues of whether the
court has jurisdiction under the Act to order the division of matrimonial
assets and maintenance are _res_ _judicata_ as between the parties because
they were conclusively decided by the first District Judge whose decision was
upheld on appeal (“the _Res_ _Judicata_ Argument”). Incidentally, it should be
noted that the Appellant’s counsel had raised the _Res_ _Judicata_ Argument at
the hearing before the Judge.[note: 14] The Judge did not, however, address
the argument in the Judgment.

16 The Appellant raised the following arguments on the substance of the appeal
in her Appellant’s Case:

(a) The Judge erred in holding that the phrase “nullity of marriage” under s
112 of the Act refers only to a voidable marriage and not to a void
marriage.[note: 15]

(b) The Judge erred in adopting an unduly restrictive interpretation of s 112
of the Act.[note: 16]

(c) Recognising that the court has the jurisdiction to order the division of
matrimonial assets and maintenance would accord the court the discretion to
take into account the particular facts of the case in order to arrive at a
fair decision.[note: 17] In this case, the fact that the Appellant was unaware
of her legal impediment to marriage could be taken into account.[note: 18]

(d) On the issue as to whether the court has the power to order maintenance,
the Appellant should be accorded all rights that she would have had if the
marriage was legal because she did not deceive the Respondent and the parties
lived together for a long time believing themselves to be husband and
wife.[note: 19] The Appellant argued that, in this regard, the English cases
which take the view that a wife should be entitled to ancillary relief under
the English equivalent of the Act if she had no _mens_ _rea_ for the crime of
bigamy should be followed. The English cases should be followed because the
Act is adapted from English law.[note: 20]

(e) On the issue as to whether the court has the power to divide matrimonial
assets, whatever issues there may be with the ordering of maintenance in a
void marriage, the court should have the power to order the division of
matrimonial assets because the same issues and problems that the parties need
to resolve in relation to their property arise whether or not their marriage
is void or voidable.[note: 21]

(f) The parties lived as husband and wife for the duration of the marriage.
The Appellant made substantial contributions towards the marriage and the
acquisition of the matrimonial assets. The needs of the children also have to
be considered.[note: 22]

(g) The wording of s 112 of the Act does not distinguish between void and
voidable marriages.[note: 23]

(h) Any claim by the Appellant under property law would not take into account
her indirect contributions.[note: 24]

17 At the hearing before us, counsel for the Appellant, Prof Tan Cheng Han SC
(“Prof Tan”), raised the following additional arguments:

(a) The fact that s 113 of the Act uses the words “wife” or “former wife” does
not mean that maintenance may not be ordered in favour of the female party to
a void marriage. This is apparent from s 104 of the Act which provides that
any “husband or wife” may file a writ claiming a judgment of nullity in
respect of his or her marriage. This suggests that the words “wife” or “former
wife” in s 113 of the Act are simply labels used to denote the female party to
the void marriage.

(b) It may be argued (in this instance, _contrary_ to the Appellant’s case)
that interpreting s 113 of the Act as allowing an award of maintenance even if
a marriage is found to be void will render s 113 of the Act incongruous with s
69 of the Act. Section 69 of the Act concerns an order for maintenance to a
“married woman” while the marriage is still subsisting. The phrase “married
woman” is defined in s 2 of the Act as a woman “validly married under any law,
religion, custom or usage”. In other words, a woman in a void marriage is not
a “married woman” and, hence, would not be able to claim maintenance under s
69 of the Act. An argument could be made that it would be incongruous to say
that a woman is not entitled to maintenance while a void marriage is
“subsisting” but yet is entitled to maintenance under s 113 of the Act after
she obtains a judgment of nullity. Prof Tan submitted that this incongruity
may be explained away by the fact that s 113 of the Act uses the words “wife
or former wife”, a phrase which is not defined in the Act, whereas s 69 of the
Act uses the phrase “married woman”, which, as just mentioned, is defined in s
2 of the Act.

(c) The court has the power to take into account all the relevant
circumstances of the case in deciding on the division of matrimonial assets
and in ordering maintenance. This means that the court may take into
consideration any egregious conduct on the part of one of the parties to the
marriage.

(d) The Women’s Charter (Cap 47, 1970 Rev Ed) (“the 1970 Rev Ed”) did not draw
a distinction between void and voidable marriages. Section 91 of the 1970 Rev
Ed simply provided for the grounds for seeking a decree of nullity, including
the ground “that the former husband or wife of either party was living at the
time of the marriage and the marriage with such former husband or wife was
then in force”. Significantly, s 107(1) of the 1970 Rev Ed provided, _inter
alia_ , that on any decree for nullity of marriage, “the court may, if it
thinks fit, order that the husband shall, to the satisfaction of the court,
secure to the wife such gross sum of money or such annual sum of money for any
term not exceeding her life”. Prof Tan submitted that the effect of these
provisions was that under the 1970 Rev Ed, the court could order maintenance
even in the context of an annulled marriage. Prof Tan argued that Parliament
could not have intended to change the legal position when the distinction
between void and voidable marriages was later introduced. It would be unusual
for Parliament to have made such a drastic change in the law without expressly
saying so.

18 The Respondent did not file his case for the present proceedings.
Incidentally, his solicitors at the proceedings below had applied to discharge
themselves (in Summons No 3258 of 2011) on the ground that they have not been
able to contact him for instructions on the conduct of the appeal.[note: 25] A
High Court Judge had granted leave to the Respondent’s solicitors to discharge
themselves.[note: 26] The appeal papers were then served on the Respondent at
his last known e-mail address pursuant to an order of court for substituted
service.[note: 27]

19 The Respondent also did not appear at the hearing of the appeal. At the
hearing itself, one of the Respondent’s previous solicitors, Mr Imran Hamid
Khwaja (“Mr Khwaja”), who was present in the public gallery at the hearing
before us, informed us that the Respondent had been informed via e-mail of the
week in which the appeal was fixed to be heard.[note: 28] Mr Khwaja added that
he had previously communicated with the Respondent via that particular e-mail
address.[note: 29] Counsel for the Appellant then advised the court that his
instructing solicitor had communicated with the Respondent through the same
e-mail address without any response.[note: 30] The Appellant’s solicitors have
not received any notification that their e-mails had not been delivered to the
Respondent.[note: 31] We proceeded with the hearing (it should be noted, in
this regard, that this court may proceed with an appeal in the absence of a
respondent unless it, for any sufficient reason, sees it fit to adjourn the
hearing (see O 57 r 18(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed))).

Issues before this Court

20 Three issues arose for this court’s consideration in view of the
Appellant’s arguments:

(a) Are the issues of whether the court has jurisdiction to order maintenance
and division of matrimonial assets in a void marriage _res_ _judicata_ as
between the parties because they were decided by the first District Judge?

(b) Do Singapore courts have jurisdiction under s 112 of the Act to order the
division of matrimonial assets in a void marriage?

(c) Do Singapore courts have jurisdiction under s 113 of the Act to order
maintenance in a void marriage?

Our decision

Res judicata

The applicable law

21 _Res_ _judicata_ comprises cause of action estoppel, issue estoppel and
abuse of process (see the decision of this court in _Wing Joo_ _Loong Ginseng
Hong (Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign Trade Co Ltd and another
and another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“ _Wing Joo_ _Loong Ginseng Hong_ ”)
at [165]). Of relevance in the present appeal is the question of issue
estoppel, which requires the following elements to be shown (_ibid_ , citing
_Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v MCST Plan No 301_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 at
[14]–[15]):

(a) a final and conclusive judgment on the merits of the issue allegedly
estopped;

(b) the judgment was made by a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c) the parties in the two actions are identical; and

(d) the subject matter of the two actions are identical.

22 In relation to the requirement of identical subject matter, three matters
ought to be borne in mind (see _Wing Joo_ _Loong Ginseng Hong_ at [167] citing
_Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 at [34]–[35], [38]). First,
the prior decision must “traverse the same ground”. Second, the determination
of the issue allegedly estopped “must have been fundamental and not merely
collateral to the previous decision”. Third, the issue allegedly estopped
should have been raised and argued.

Our view

23 It would be helpful to explain the context of the _Res_ _Judicata_
Argument. According to the Appellant, in the Rescission Proceedings, both the
first District Judge and the High Court Judge on appeal considered the
parties’ detailed submissions and held that the courts have the power to make
ancillary orders under Pt X of the Act even for void marriages.[note: 32] As
noted above, one of the reasons for the first District Judge’s refusal to
grant a declaration that the Hong Kong Marriage was void was that she thought
that a nullity petition would be a more appropriate avenue for making such a
determination (see [6(c)] above). In elaborating on this reason, the first
District Judge opined that ancillary relief may be obtained for void as well
as voidable marriages.[note: 33]

24 Our view was that the second and third elements of issue estoppel are
certainly satisfied. The parties to the Rescission Proceedings and the present
proceedings (an appeal against a Judge’s determination on ancillary matters)
are identical and the decisions of the first District Judge (and the High
Court Judge on appeal) were made by courts of competent jurisdiction. The
issue is with the first and final elements.

25 We did not think, however, that the first and final elements were
satisfied. In respect of the final element, there was no identity in the
subject matter of the Rescission Proceedings and the present proceedings. In
the Rescission Proceedings, the first District Judge was asked to rescind the
_decree nisi_ and declare that the Hong Kong Marriage was void. The first
District Judge gave three reasons why it was inappropriate to grant a
declaration. In explaining just one of her reasons, she expressed a view on
the availability of ancillary relief. In contrast, the present proceedings
raised squarely for decision the issue of whether ancillary relief is
available. In other words, the first District Judge’s view that ancillary
relief is available in void marriages was _collateral_ to the issue that she
had to decide. She was not required to express such a view. In fact, the first
District Judge herself appeared to recognise that it was not her role to
decide on whether ancillary relief is available for void marriages. On the
issue as to whether maintenance is available in void marriages, the first
District Judge qualified her observation with a comment that the possibility
of obtaining maintenance was an issue that she “[did] not have to decide
now”.[note: 34] For the same reasons, the first District Judge (and the High
Court Judge on appeal) did not conclusively decide on the issues raised in
this appeal and the first element was not satisfied. The first District Judge
was merely expressing a view on the issues in order to bolster her conclusions
on the matter that was before her (which was different from the subject matter
of this appeal).

26 We therefore found that there was no _res_ _judicata_ in respect of the
remaining two issues before us.

Do Singapore courts have the power to divide matrimonial assets and order
maintenance in the context of a void marriage?

27 It would be convenient to consider the second and third issues together.

28 Since these two issues are, essentially, issues of statutory
interpretation, we will begin our analysis with an examination of the wording
of the relevant provisions. We will then test our interpretation of the
provisions against the legislative and historical background. Finally, general
policy and principle will be considered.

The statutory language

29 It is now axiomatic that a _purposive_ approach ought to be taken in the
context of statutory construction (see, for example, s 9A of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) as well as the decision of this court
in _Joseph Mathew and another v Singh Chiranjeev and another_ [2010] 1 SLR 338
at [32] and that of the Singapore High Court in _PP v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4
SLR(R) 183). In this regard, the first port of call ought to be the statutory
language of the provision or provisions being construed. If the meaning of the
statutory language is plain and clear, then the court ought to give effect to
that meaning. What the court ought _not_ to do is to _superimpose_ what _it_
feels _ought_ to be the meaning of the statutory provision concerned,
_notwithstanding_ the plain meaning of the statutory language.

30 Turning to the statutory language of both ss 112(1) and 113(_b_) of the
Act, the critical reference is the presence in both provisions of the phrase
“nullity of marriage”. The Judge seemed to take the view that there ought to
be read into this phrase a reference _only_ to a _voidable_ (as opposed to a
void) marriage. With respect, this is inconsistent with the manner in which
the phrase “nullity of marriage” has been utilised by the Singapore Parliament
in the Act itself. Indeed, this very phrase constitutes the heading which
helms the preceding chapter of Pt X of the Act, which relates to _both_ void
_and_ voidable marriages. In our view, if Parliament had intended the phrase
“nullity of marriage” in the aforementioned provisions to refer to _voidable_
marriages _only_ , it would have stated so _expressly_. Lest it be thought
that such a plain reading of both provisions would militate against the tenor
and spirit of the Act in general and the specific provisions therein in
particular, we elaborate on the legislative background in more detail below
(at [34]–[45]). Nevertheless, even if we look only at the provisions
themselves, it is clear, in our view, that Parliament _intended_ , in no
uncertain terms, that the courts exercise their powers pursuant to ss 112(1)
and 113(_b_) in all cases relating to nullity of marriage (which, as already
noted above in this paragraph, includes both void as well as voidable
marriages)_._ That is the _plain and unambiguous_ meaning of the phrase
“nullity of marriage”, read _both_ literally _as well as_ in the context
alluded to briefly above. Further, no absurdity results from such a
construction. Whilst courts have long discarded a dogmatic as well as
mechanistic approach towards statutory interpretation, they simultaneously
ought _not_ to swing to the other extreme as well. Put simply, courts are not
– and ought to not act as if they are – “mini-legislatures”. With respect, the
Judge should have tried to discern Parliament’s intention from the provisions
as a whole and their context instead of focusing on other parts of the same
provisions (see the Judgment at [15]–[16]). In so doing, the Judge had
_superimposed_ a meaning on the relevant statutory language which Parliament
had never intended. That having been said, the _legislative_ intention or
purpose that the phrase “nullity of marriage” encompasses _both_ void _and_
voidable marriages is made _even clearer_ by, _inter alia_ , the _legislative
background_ as well. And it is to that background that our attention now
turns.

31 However, before proceeding to do so, we should observe that a similar
approach has been adopted in England in so far as the phrase “nullity of
marriage” is concerned. Put simply, _no_ distinction is read into this phrase
between void marriages on the one hand and voidable marriages on the other.

32 We note first that, in so far as the _division of matrimonial assets_ is
concerned, there is no direct UK equivalent of s 112 of the Act. However, it
bears noting that the UK provisions dealing with the division of matrimonial
assets throughout the years (the latest of which are ss 23 and 24 of the
Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 (c 18) (UK) (“the 1973 UK Act”)) _have always_
_encompassed situations relating to nullity of marriage as well_. More
importantly, English case law has consistently recognised the availability of
ancillary relief even in the context of _void_ marriages (see, for example,
the English Court of Appeal decision of _Rampal v Rampal (No 2)_ [2002] 1 Fam
85 (“ _Rampal_ ”) which was, in fact, cited to this court by counsel for the
Appellant (we note, parenthetically, that _Rampal_ was also followed in the
Hong Kong Court of Appeal decision of _L v C_ [2007] 3 HKLRD 819, a case
involving bigamy, where the court held that, under s 6 of the Hong Kong
Matrimonial Proceedings and Property Ordinance (Cap 192) (HK), the same right
to ancillary relief as applies in a divorce applies where a decree of nullity
is obtained (at [96])). Incidentally, the court in _Rampal_ was primarily
concerned with whether the doctrine of _ex turpi_ _causa non oritur_ _actio_
precluded a bigamist from seeking ancillary relief under the 1973 UK Act. The
court held that there was no blanket rule that precludes a bigamist from being
entitled to seek ancillary relief (_Rampal_ at [27]). We express no opinion on
this aspect of the decision, which is beyond the scope of the present appeal.

33 In so far as _maintenance for the wife_ is concerned, we note that s 1(1)
of the UK Matrimonial Causes Act 1907 (c 12) (UK) (“the 1907 UK Act”)
permitted the court to make an order for such maintenance in situations of
_nullity of marriage_ as well. As a learned author observed (correctly in our
view), this particular provision manifested “[t]he same tendency to treat void
and voidable marriages as if they were valid marriages that had been
dissolved” (see E J Cohn, “The Nullity of Marriage – A Study in Comparative
Law and Legal Reform” (1948) 64 LQR 324 at p 327). This is significant in the
local context because s 1 of the 1907 UK Act is _in pari_ _materia_ with s 113
of the Act. Indeed, the English courts have also interpreted the phrase
“nullity of marriage” in s 1 of the 1907 UK Act as referring to _both_ void
_and_ voidable marriages (see _Ramsay v Ramsay (otherwise Beer)_ [1913] 108 LT
382 (“ _Ramsay_ ”); reference may also be made to _Rampal_ , cited in the
preceding paragraph, as well as the Royal Commission on Marriage and Divorce,
_Report 1951–1955_ (Cmd 9678, 1956) (“the _1951–1955 Report_ ”), especially at
para 516 (“[w]here the marriage is ended by divorce _or annulment_ we think
that the court should have _the widest possible discretion_ as to the kind of
financial provision it can order one spouse to make for the other.” [emphasis
added]). Incidentally, the Supreme Court of Canada in _George Hubert_ _Powell
v Viola M Cockburn_ [1977] 2 SCR 218 has also held (at 236–237) that a party
to a void marriage was entitled to seek maintenance under s 1 of the
Matrimonial Causes Act (RSO 1970, c 265) (Ont) (this provision also used the
phrase “nullity of marriage”).

The legislative background

(1) The background to the original Bill

34 It is interesting to note that when the Bill in which the legislative
precursors to ss 112 and 113 were first introduced (via the Women’s Charter
(Amendment) Act 1980 (Act 26 of 1980) (“the 1980 Amendment Act”)) was first
presented to Parliament, _both_ clauses concerned did _not_ contain the phrase
“nullity of marriage”. Indeed, a perusal of the _Comparative Table_ attached
to the Bill reveals why this was so (see the Women’s Charter (Amendment) Bill
(Bill No 23/79) (“the 1980 Bill”) at p 45 as well as the _Explanatory
Statement_ at pp 39–40). In particular, the respective provisions were based,
as the _Comparative Table_ clearly states, on the corresponding provisions in
the _Malaysian_ Law Reform (Marriage and Divorce) Act 1976 (Act 164 of 1976)
(Malaysia) (“the Malaysian Act”). An excellent account of the history of the
Malaysian Act has been given elsewhere (see B C Crown, “Property Division on
Dissolution of Marriage” (1988) 30 Mal LR 34 (“ _Crown_ ”) at pp 37-41). What
is crucial for the purposes of the present judgment, however, is the fact that
the relevant provisions in the Malaysian Act did _not_ contain the phrase
“nullity of marriage” (see ss 76 and 77 of the Malaysian Act which relate to
the division of matrimonial assets and the power for the court to order
maintenance of a spouse, respectively) and that this was _also reflected_ in
the 1980 Bill which, as just noted, drew upon the aforementioned provisions of
the Malaysian Act. It is clear, in our view, that the Malaysian Parliament
_intended_ to _exclude_ _nullity of marriage_ _(whether involving void or
voidable marriages) from the purview of ss 76 and 77 of the Malaysian Act_
(see also the _Report of the Royal Commission on Non-Muslim Marriage and
Divorce Laws_ (Kuala Lumpur, 1971) (“the _Malaysian Royal Commission Report_
”) at p 57 and Ahmad Ibrahim, “The Law Reform (Marriage and Divorce) Bill,
1975” [1975] JMCL 354 at p 360 (also published in [1975] 2 MLJ lxix at lxxi);
though _cf_ Mimi Kamariah Majid, _Family Law in Malaysia_ (Malayan Law Journal
Sdn Bhd, 1999) at pp 329–330 (adopting an approach that is not dissimilar to
that adopted by the Judge in the court below in relation to the issue of
maintenance pursuant to s 77 of the Malaysian Act, but which, with respect, is
erroneous because, as explained above, it superimposes an additional meaning
that was not intended by the clear and unambiguous statutory language)). _More
importantly_ , this was also the _original intention_ which was _embodied
within the 1980 Bill in the Singapore context_. On a related note, the fact
that the Malaysian Parliament clearly intended – particularly when viewed in
_context –_ to exclude _all_ forms of _nullity of marriage_ from the purview
of ss 76 and 77 of the Malaysian Act buttresses our view (set out above and
based on the clear and unambiguous statutory language) that, by _subsequently
inserting_ the phrase “nullity of marriage” into the corresponding provisions
in the Act, the Singapore Parliament must have not only intended to _reverse_
its previous decision to adopt the Malaysian position but must have also
_intended to include nullity of marriage in all its forms_ (_viz_ , as
encompassing both void as well as voidable marriages).

35 Indeed, the relevant background as to why the Singapore Parliament
ultimately inserted, _contrary_ to its original intention as reflected in the
1980 Bill (which followed the Malaysian position in excluding nullity of
marriage from the scope of both the division of matrimonial assets as well as
the power of the court to order maintenance for the wife), the phrase “nullity
of marriage” in the relevant Singapore provisions lends _further support_ to
the construction we have adopted of this phrase with regard to both ss 112 and
113 of the Act. We refer, in particular, to _the proceedings before the Select
Committee_ , which took place between the promulgation of the 1980 Bill and
the ultimate enactment of the 1980 Amendment Act by the Singapore Parliament.
The 1980 Amendment Act adopted the suggestions of the Select Committee _._

36 Before turning to consider the Select Committee proceedings, we pause to
note – parenthetically – that the provisions that were introduced via the 1980
Amendment Act were (at least in so far as _the division of matrimonial assets_
was concerned) _not the same as_ the _current_ provisions. In particular, the
1980 Amendment Act introduced s 106 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“the 1985 Rev Ed”). That particular provision was subsequently amended
via the Women’s Charter (Amendment) Act 1996 (Act 30 of 1996), which came into
effect on 1 May 1997, and the resultant provision is (including some very
minor amendments pursuant to the Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) (No 2)
Act 2005 (Act 42 of 2005)) identical in all respects to the provision that is
the subject of the present appeal in so far as the division of matrimonial
assets is concerned, _viz_ , s 112 of the Act. However, what _is_ the same
(and this is crucial for the purposes of the present appeal) is that _both_ s
106 of the 1985 Rev Ed _as well as_ s 112 of the (present) Act contain the
phrase “nullity of marriage”. Hence, the analysis contained in the present
judgment would apply _equally_ to _both_ these provisions.

(2) Proceedings before the Select Committee

(A) Prof Leong’s paper

37 It is useful to begin our consideration of the Select Committee proceedings
with a paper that was presented to the Select Committee by a leading academic
in the field. In this paper, a number of points were raised by Prof Leong Wai
Kum (“Prof Leong”). The one that is germane to the present appeal relates to
her suggestions with regard to the omission in the 1980 Bill of petitions of
nullity in relation to the clauses pertaining to the division of matrimonial
assets as well as financial provision for the wife (a point noted above at
[34]). In her view (see _Report of the Select Committee on the Women’s Charter
(Amendment) Bill [Bill No. 23/79]_ (Parl 1 of 1980, 25 February 1980) (“the
_Select Committee Report_ ”) at pp A7–A8):

1\. These sections [relating to the division of matrimonial assets and
financial provision for the wife (presently ss 112 and 113 of the Act)] do not
include petitions for nullity. This omission is _unfortunate because the
existing statute in Sections 107 and 114_ _clearly allow_ [_sic_] _the court
to order financial provision for the “wife” in a nullity petition. And,
although there is not an existing section on the division of matrimonial
assets, there is no reason to believe that our courts would not follow the
English practice of giving her an interest in the matrimonial assets whenever
they have felt it just. The Bill would thus be taking away the right of a
“wife” of an annulled marriage to financial provision and a share of the
family property._

2\. _As a matter of principle, on the question whether she ought to be given
part of the family property and/or ought to be given financial provision,
there is no reason why a woman who is incapable of consummating her marriage
(for which her husband can obtain a decree of nullity) should be treated any
differently from a woman with whom her husband finds intolerable to live (for
which he may obtain a decree of divorce). Thus it is submitted that the
present law empowering the court to make such orders is to be preferred._

[emphasis added]

38 In a similar vein, Prof Leong observed thus (in a legislative comment on
the 1980 Bill in Leong Wai Kum, “A _Turning Point_ in Singapore Family Law:
Women’s Charter (Amendment) Bill 1979” (1979) 21 Mal LR 327 at p 339):

A _grave omission_ of the Bill is that the grant of decrees of _nullity_ is
_not_ included in these provisions which empower the court to divide family
assets and to order support payments for the wife’s benefit. The Act allows
the court to do so; it is most undesirable that this power be removed.
_Whether the family unit is disintegrated pursuant to the grant of a decree of
divorce or a decree of nullity the spouses have to attend to the same
concerns_ viz. _dividing up the family assets and arranging the maintenance of
the wife and children and custody of the children._ … [original emphasis
omitted; emphasis added in italics]

Reference may also be made to _Crown_ at p 37.

39 The point made by the learned author is even clearer in the passage just
quoted. Indeed, her focus is – rightly, if we may say so – on the substance
(as opposed to the form) of the matter. And it is that the family unit can
disintegrate in at least two main ways, _viz_ , by divorce or through a
petition for nullity. The main point of substance, however, is _precisely_
that the family unit has in fact _disintegrated_ , and _that_ constitutes the
_commonality_ between the parties, _which ought (in fairness) to be
addressed_. Once this is admitted, it is clear, in our view, that the
Singapore Parliament _had appropriately added the phrase “nullity of marriage”
(although absent in the 1980 Bill)_ , inter alia _, into ss 112 and 113 of the
Act._ Indeed, we would add that, to achieve the full purpose of providing for
_all_ concerned in the event of the _disintegration of the family unit_ (for
_whatever reason_), the phrase “nullity of marriage” which was ultimately
inserted into ss 112 and 113 of the Act _must_ be given _its plain meaning_
(_viz_ , that _both_ void _as well as_ voidable marriages are encompassed
within the meaning of, _inter alia_ , ss 112 and 113 of the Act).

40 The views by the same author in her textbook ought also to be noted.
Consistent with her views set out above, the learned author argues that
_ancillary relief_ ought to be available with regard to _void_ marriages (see
Leong Wai Kum, _Elements of Family Law in Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2007) (“
_Leong Wai Kum_ ”) at p 76). She explains that although a judgment of nullity
is conceptually meaningless where a marriage is void _ab_ _initio_ , obtaining
such a judgment is useful in practice because it allows the parties access to
the court’s jurisdiction to order ancillary relief (_ibid_). Prof Leong also
points out that there is no case law discussing whether the court’s exercise
of its ancillary powers should be “attenuated” where a marriage is void, as
compared to the more conventional situation of a termination by divorce
(_ibid_).

41 Although the reason for Prof Leong’s view in her textbook is not
immediately apparent in this particular portion of her work, another part of
the book may, however, provide an explanation as to why parties to a void
marriage should, in her view, be entitled to ancillary relief (see _Leong Wai
Kum_ at pp 40–44). Prof Leong explains that a distinction should be drawn
between a “non-marriage” and a “void marriage” (see also Joseph Jackson, _The
Formation and Annulment of Marriage_ (2nd Ed, Butterworths, 1969) (“ _Jackson_
”) at pp 85–86). She uses the term “non-marriage” to refer to a situation
where the parties have no marital relationship _whatsoever_ (the example Prof
Leong gives is a stranger coming up to a person and claiming that he is
married to her). In contrast, parties to a void marriage may have conducted
themselves as if the marriage was valid. Prof Leong proceeds to argue that a
workable distinction between “void marriages” and “non-marriages” is that the
former category of marriages fulfils the fundamental contractual requirements
of marriage: _viz_ , there must be credible evidence of an exchange of a
mutual intention to marry (see _Leong Wai Kum_ at p 41). In our view, Prof
Leong’s argument is persuasive and constitutes an answer to any conceptual
difficulties that may arise in holding that a void marriage has legal
consequences.

(B) The Select Committee proceedings

42 We would observe at the outset that the relevant part of the Select
Committee proceedings confirms in no uncertain terms the construction we have
adopted with regard to both ss 112 and 113 of the Act.

43 The relevant part of the _Select Committee Report_ is to be found at pp
C6–C10, with the following extract from pp C8–C10 being of especial
significance (which therefore merits setting out in full):

Dr Ahmad Mattar: |  Mr Chairman, Sir, we are now at amendment (10) which deals with the new section 101(1). This section states that: “The court shall have power, when granting a decree of divorce or judicial separation, to order the division between the parties of any assets acquired by them during the marriage by their joint efforts or the sale of any such assets and the division between the parties of the proceeds of sale.” In my amendment, _I am suggesting that we should add the words “or nullity of marriage”_.  
---|---  
Mr Selvadurai: |  _So if the marriage is null and void, there cannot be any question of marital property, can it_?  
Dr Ahmad Mattar: |  _We are talking about the assets acquired by them during the marriage. So if the marriage is nullified later on, should not the assets be so divided also?_  
Mr Selvadurai: |  If acquired through their joint efforts.  
Dr Augustine Tan: |  Mr Chairman, I think the implication of this amendment goes beyond the immediate application in section 101, because sections 102 and 103 go further and talk about maintenance. And if the court is empowered to deal with division of assets under section 101, then the law could easily be extended by the courts to cover sections 102 and 103. I am not a legal man on this but perhaps the Member for Kuo Chuan could tell us whether such a thing could happen.  
The Chairman: |  At the moment, we are dealing with amendment (10). You are going forward to amendment (11) now.  
Dr Augustine Tan: |  No. I am not trying to be ahead of the Committee, Sir. I am just drawing the Committee’s attention to a possible implication and the consequence of amending section 101.  
Dr Ahmad Mattar: |  We are not amending the existing section 102 of the Bill. We are only amending the existing section 101 by adding the words “or nullity of marriage”.  
Mr Selvadurai: |  I think it is all right, Mr Chairman. The opening words of section 102 merely say, “The court may order …”. It is not a mandatory provision at all. In other words, if the court feels that maintenance is not allowed then it would not allow it. It has the discretion anyway.  
Dr Augustine Tan: |  It has the discretion. _But what I am asking is: What is the legal implication on sections 102 and 103 by amending section 101 to include the words “or nullity of marriage”?_ What is the court likely to interpret sections 102 and 103? Logically, to my mind, if the court is empowered to divide the assets on grounds of nullity of marriage as well as the other two grounds of divorce or judicial separation, by the same token, maintenance can also be required —  
Mr Selvadurai: |  _You are thinking of nullity of marriage as one being null and void ab_ _initio, i.e. right from the word “go”._ There have been cases in the past where a couple after having been married for two to three years discovered that something has gone wrong. Finally they go to court and get an order and the court makes an order saying that the marriage is null and void for various reasons. It means that in the process, for about two to three years, they had lived as man and wife and acquired marital property by joint efforts.  
Dr Augustine Tan: |  _I see the point in respect of assets acquired in the course of marriage._ My point relates to the maintenance.  
Mr Selvadurai: |  _Even on the question of maintenance, for example, it says, “The court may order maintenance.” It does not say “shall”._  
Dr Augustine Tan: |  Here again, you are leaving so much discretion to the court.  
Mr Selvadurai: |  Oh, yes. You must leave it to the court.  
The Chairman: |  He wants to control the court!  
Mr Selvadurai: |  You cannot. _You will shackle the court._  
**_Amendment agreed to_** **.**  
Dr Ahmad Mattar: |  Sir, I beg to move, In page 19, line 4, to leave out “or judicial separation”, and insert “, judicial separation or nullity of marriage”. Sir, this amendment is consequential to the one proposed and discussed earlier.  
**_Amendment agreed to._** 4.30 p.m.  
Dr Ahmad Mattar: |  Sir, I beg to move, In page 19, to leave out lines 32 to 40 inclusive and insert — “Power of court to order maintenance 101\. The court may order a man to pay maintenance to his wife or former wife — (_a_) during the course of any matrimonial proceedings; or (_b_) when granting or subsequent to the grant of a decree of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage.”. Sir, in this particular instance I agree that paragraph (c) of 102 of the Bill be deleted. Now, if a wife who is presumed to be dead is found to be alive, then she is entitled to apply for maintenance under paragraph (_b_) of section 102 of the Bill.  
Dr Augustine Tan: |  I notice that under the proposed amendment of section 101, paragraph (_b_), the words “nullity of marriage” have been included, whereas in the original amendment there were no such words. _I think it is this particular section here which causes me concern, thus the objection which I lodged earlier on when I drew the attention of the Committee to this particular section._  
Mr Selvadurai: |  The same reasoning applies. The same consideration applies. I thought we discussed it a few minutes ago.  
Dr Augustine Tan: |  _Let us take the case of a woman who comes from Malaysia. She is already married to somebody there, but she goes to the Registrar and declares that she is single. Subsequently she is found out. Are you going to make the man responsible for her financially?_  
Mr Selvadurai: |  The court has the discretion.  
Dr Ahmad Mattar: |  The court will decide.  
Dr Augustine Tan: |  I am not sufficiently convinced. If the Committee wishes to proceed, it can carry on.  
The Chairman: |  Well, leave it to the court. The Member for Whampoa does not believe in that!  
**_Amendment agreed to._** [original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]  
  
  

44 The above extract demonstrates that the committee had intended the phrase
“nullity of marriage” in the predecessor provisions to both ss 112 and 113 of
the Act to allow the courts the _discretion_ to order division of matrimonial
assets and maintenance in void marriages as well. In particular:

(a) In relation to the division of matrimonial assets, the members appear to
have been persuaded by Dr Ahmad Mattar’s response (immediately after Mr
Selvadurai’s reference to a “null and _void_ marriage” [emphasis added]) that
assets may have been acquired in a nullified marriage. It should be noted that
it does not appear that the members were using the word “void” loosely. The
members seem to have appreciated that a void marriage is one that is void _ab_
_initio_. Indeed, Mr Selvadurai used the phrase “void _ab_ _initio_ ” in one
of his comments in the extract above.

(b) In so far as the issue of maintenance is concerned, it appears that the
majority of the committee were satisfied with Mr Selvadurai’s explanation that
the court should have the discretion to order maintenance in void marriages.
Again, the members do not appear to be using the word “void” loosely. In fact,
Dr Augustine Tan (the sole dissenter) referred to a situation of _bigamy_ in
his attempt to convince the members that a man should not be responsible for
maintaining a bigamous wife.

45 During the third reading of the Bill, the amendments recommended by the
Select Committee were accepted by Parliament without any debate. There was
only an introductory speech by Dr Ahmad Mattar (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (25 June 1980) at cols 1458–1462, _per_ Dr Ahmad
Mattar, Acting Minister for Social Affairs). Although there is no express
mention in Dr Ahmad Mattar’s speech of the deliberations of the Select
Committee concerning the introduction of the words “nullity of marriage” in
the clauses that would become the predecessor provisions to ss 112 and 113 of
the Act, these deliberations are nevertheless valuable in furnishing us with
the relevant background that confirms the interpretation we have adopted with
regard to the phrase “nullity of marriage” in ss 112 and 113 of the Act. More
importantly, it is both logical as well as reasonable to assume, in these
circumstances, that the Singapore Parliament must have _accepted_ the changes
proposed by the Select Committee.

The historical background

46 We turn now to consider the historical background to the distinction
between void and voidable marriages. The purpose of this exercise is to
ascertain whether or not our interpretation of the term “nullity of marriage”
in ss 112 and 113 of the Act is inconsistent with the historical rationales
for the distinction between void and voidable marriages.

(1) The origins of the distinction between void and voidable marriages in
English law

47 The basic concept of nullity of marriage in general and its specific
elements of void and voidable marriages in particular can in fact be traced
historically back to the ecclesiastical courts in England (see _per_ Lord
Morris of Borth-y-Gest in the House of Lords decision of _Ross Smith v Ross
Smith_ [1963] AC 280 (“ _Ross Smith_ ”) at 313-314 and 317 as well as
_Jackson_ , especially at p 72). Indeed, the concept of nullity of marriage
arose as a result of the fact that the courts in England could not then grant
decrees of divorce because marriage was (at that particular point in time)
considered a sacrament, which (in turn) resulted in the indissolubility of
marriage (see, for example, N V Lowe and G Douglas, _Bromley’s Family Law_
(10th Ed, Oxford University Press, 2007) (“ _Lowe & Douglas_”) at pp 67–68).
However, in addition to divorces _a mensa et thoro_ (or judicial separation),
the courts could grant decrees of nullity instead in order to mitigate the
hardships engendered by the indissolubility of marriage (see, for example, the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Adams v Adams_ [1941] 1 KB 536 at 541,
_per_ Scott LJ and the Royal Commission on Divorce and Matrimonial Causes,
_Report of the Royal Commission on Divorce and Matrimonial Causes_ (Cd 6478,
1912) (“the _1912 Report_ ”) at para 13) – one practical (and desirable)
result of which was that remarriage was permitted during the lifetime of a
spouse. As a leading legal historian aptly put it, the ecclesiastical courts
“could not break the chains, but they could declare that the chains were never
there” (see J H Baker, _An Introduction to English Legal History_ (4th Ed,
Butterworths, 2002) at p 491).

48 How, then, did the distinction between void and voidable marriages arise?
The reasons for such a distinction are not wholly clear, but it would appear
that they were _historical_ and arose as a result of a _tussle_ , so to speak,
between the royal courts on the one hand and the ecclesiastical courts on the
other. The following extract from a leading English textbook on family law
concisely explains this conflict (see _Lowe & Douglas_ at p 68):

By the beginning of the seventeenth century, however, the royal courts were
becoming concerned at the ease with which marriages could be set aside and the
issue bastardised. This was more likely to work injustice after the parties’
death, when relevant evidence might no longer be available. Accordingly, they
**_cut down_** the ecclesiastical courts’ jurisdiction by forbidding them to
annul marriages in certain cases after the death of either party. **_This had
the result of dividing impediments into two kinds: civil and canonical_**. If
the impediment was **_civil_** – for example, the fact that one of the parties
was married to a third person at the time of the ceremony – the marriage was
still **_void ab initio_**** _and its validity could be put in issue by anyone
at any time, whether or not the parties were still alive_**. If the impediment
was **_canonical_** – for example, the fact that one of the parties was
impotent – **_the validity of the marriage could not be questioned after
either party had died. The rule thus developed that such a marriage must be
regarded as valid unless it was annulled during the lifetime of both parties.
Until that time it had the capacity to be turned into a void marriage: in
other words, it was_** _voidable_. [emphasis added in bold italics; emphasis
in italics in original]

Reference may also be made to Paul J Goda, “The Historical Evolution Of The
Concepts of Void And Voidable Marriages” (1967) 7 J Fam L 297 (where the
learned author was of the view that the distinction between void and voidable
marriages turned on whether or not the main issue was property – in which case
the temporal courts would have jurisdiction in the context of a void (as
opposed to a voidable) marriage; this view is not, we note, inconsistent with
the observations of _Lowe & Douglas_ which have just been quoted above) and D
Tolstoy, “Void and Voidable Marriages” (1964) 27 MLR 385 (“ _Tolstoy_ ”) at p
387, note 14 (where the learned author furnished two reasons as to why the
royal courts interfered with the ecclesiastical courts’ power to declare some
marriages to be void: first, to protect the issue from being bastardised and
disinherited because they (_ie_ , the issue) might not be able to defend the
marriage as well as the parties might have if they were both alive; and
second, the ecclesiastical courts were permitted to separate parties to
marriages suffering from canonical disabilities because such marriages were
considered to be sinful; however, after the death of one of the parties, the
royal courts would not permit the ecclesiastical courts to interfere because
any separation “could no longer contribute to the good of their [_ie_ , the
parties’] souls”).

49 After the passing of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1857 (c 85) (UK) (“the 1857
UK Act”), the concept of judicial divorce was introduced. However, the concept
of nullity of marriage as well as the distinction between void and voidable
marriages remained. Indeed, even prior to the 1857 UK Act, the distinction
between void and voidable marriages occasionally appeared even in statutes
(see, for example, the Marriage Act 1835 (c 54) (UK), as well as the
observations by Lord Morris in _Ross Smith_ (at 316)). What is clear, however,
is that the distinction between void and voidable marriages was more a
_historical_ one.

(2) The legal significance of the distinction between void and voidable
marriages

50 That having been said, it cannot be doubted that, in so far as
_consequences_ are concerned, distinguishing between void and voidable
marriages does have _legal_ significance, especially where _third parties_ are
concerned (see also _Lowe & Douglas_ at pp 70–71). As, for example, Lord
Greene put it in the following (and oft-cited) passage in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _De Reneville v De Reneville_ [1948] P 100 (at 111):

… [A] void marriage is one that will be regarded by every court in any case in
which the existence of the marriage is in issue as never having taken place
and can be so treated by both parties to it without the necessity of any
decree annulling it: a voidable marriage is one that will be regarded by every
court as a valid subsisting marriage until a decree annulling it has been
pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction. …

51 What this means is that, in so far as _void_ marriages are concerned,
_third parties_ who _have a proper interest_ _in the matter_ can rely on the
fact that the marriage concerned is void in order to help make out their case
against the other party or parties. Where, however, the marriage is only
_voidable_ , the right to raise the fact that the marriage concerned is
voidable is _personal_ to the parties _only_ and can only be raised _during
the lifetime of the other spouse_ (see, for example, the English High Court
decisions of _A v B and Another_ (1868) LR 1 P&D 559 at 561-562, _per_ Sir J P
Wilde and _Fowke v Fowke_ [1938] 1 Ch 774 at 781, _per_ Farwell J; the English
Court of Appeal decisions of _In re Eaves, Eaves v Eaves_ [1940] 1 Ch 109 at
119, _per_ Goddard LJ and _Re Roberts (deceased), Roberts v Roberts_ [1978] 1
WLR 653 at 655-657, _per_ Walton J (at first instance) and 663, _per_ Goff LJ;
and _Ross Smith_ at 306, _per_ Lord Reid); put simply, _third parties_ would
have _no_ operative rights in so far as _voidable_ marriages are concerned.
Reference can also be made to the significant Singapore High Court decision of
_Tan Ah Thee and another (administrators of the estate of Tan Kiam_ _Poh
(alias Tan Gna Chua), deceased) v Lim Soo_ _Foong_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 957 (see
also the valuable commentary in Leong Wai Kum, “Clarity in the Law of Valid,
Void and Voidable Non-Muslim Marriages” (2009) 21 SAcLJ 575 (“ _Leong_ ”) and
Debbie Ong, “Marriages Produces A Husband and A Wife – The Law on Void and
Voidable Marriages and the Legal Regulation of the Husband and Wife
Relationship” in Yeo Tiong Min, Hans Tjio and Tang Hang Wu (Gen Eds), _SAL
Conference 2011: Developments in Singapore Law Between 2006 and 2010 – Trends
and Perspectives_ (Academy Publishing, 2011), pp 272-301 (“ _Ong_ ”) at pp
272-283).

(3) The origins of the grounds for nullity

52 It would be useful to note the historical origins of the grounds for
nullity. It appears that the grounds upon which a decree of nullity could be
granted after the 1857 UK Act were already relatively satisfactory. However,
further grounds were added, statutorily, via s 7 of the Matrimonial Causes Act
1937 (c 57) (UK) (“the 1937 UK Act”), giving effect to the recommendations of
the _1912 Report_ (these grounds rendering the marriage voidable (see also
_Jackson_ at pp 75 and 97–98 as well as the _1951–1955 Report_ , especially at
para 25)). These grounds also comprise, in the _Singapore_ context, what is
presently ss 106(_b_), (_c_) (as modified after the 1971 UK developments, see
below at [57]–[58]), (_e_) and (_f_) of the Act (see below at [61]). Indeed,
and returning to the English position, although there was a further landmark
statutory amendment in 1971, the _statutory grounds_ as we know them today (in
Singapore as well) were – subject to one significant exception which will be
discussed in a moment – settled, in the main, circa 1937.

53 It is also interesting to note that statutory grounds _for nullity of
marriage_ existed in the _local_ context _as far back as 1910._ In particular,
s 14 of the Straits Settlements Divorce Ordinance 1910 (Ordinance 25 of 1910)
(“the 1910 Ordinance”) read as follows:

**14.** Such decree [of nullity of marriage] may be made on any of the
following grounds:-

(_a_)that the respondent was impotent at the time of the marriage, and at the
time of the institution of the suit;

(_b_)that the parties are within the prohibited degrees of consanguinity or
affinity whether natural or legal;

(_c_)that either party was a lunatic or idiot at the time of the marriage;

(_d_)that the former husband or wife of either party was living at the time of
the marriage, and the marriage with such former husband or wife was then in
force;

(_e_)that the consent of either party to the marriage was obtained by force or
fraud in any case in which the marriage might be annulled on this ground by
the law of England;

(_f_)that the marriage is invalid by the law of the place in which it was
celebrated.

54 The provision just quoted was, presumably, based on the then English law,
although there was no indication – unlike the present law in Singapore – as to
which grounds rendered the marriage void and which rendered the marriage
voidable (for the present law, see ss 105 and 106, respectively (also,
referred to below at [60] and [61], respectively)). That the provision was
based on the then English law is confirmed by the _Objects and Reasons_ to the
Bill upon which the 1910 Ordinance was based, where it was stated thus (see
the _Straits Settlements Government Gazette_ , 17 June 1910 at p 1369):

The object of this Bill is to confer upon the Supreme Court a jurisdiction in
divorce and matrimonial causes _similar to that exercised by the High Court of
Justice in England, subject to_ the limitations, relating to the religion,
domicile and residence of the parties and the place of celebration of the
marriage ...

Appended to the Bill, but not forming part of it, is a Table of Reference to
provisions of the English Acts and of Indian and East African Acts analogous
to the provisions contained in the various clauses of the Bill.

[emphasis added]

55 The relevant proceedings of the Legislative Council of the Straits
Settlements are also instructive. As the then Attorney-General observed at the
first reading of the Bill (see _Proceedings of the Legislative Council of the
Straits Settlements 1910_ at p B82 (19 August 1910)):

… The bill is really by way of supplying what appears to be a gap or hiatus in
the legislation of this Colony, and I submit that it is not to be regarded as
in any way a controversial measure, but that the justice and propriety of
introducing a measure on this subject will be admitted by all members of this
Council. In the United Kingdom and other parts of the Empire and in most other
civilised countries some provision of this kind is found necessary and has
long existed. ... It appears to be an anomaly that for some persons in this
Colony there should be no way of relief by divorce from the difficulties of an
unhappy marriage. …

This history of this measure is that in 1907, when the measure now known as
“The Courts Ordinance 1907” was before this Council, the hon’ble and learned
member who sits on the other side of the table (Mr. Fort) observed that it
contained no provision for jurisdiction in divorce cases being exercised by
the Supreme Court. ... The remarks of the hon’ble member on that occasion
received the consideration of the Government, with the result that in the
following year a bill was drafted by Mr. Maxwell, who was then performing the
duties of Attorney-General. _He took as his guide the principles of divorce
law as established in England and he also had recourse to a measure in force
in the Protectorate of East Africa, and to the Divorce Act of British India_.
...

Reference to the terms of the bill will show that no novelties are intended to
be introduced here and that _the principles proposed to be introduced
correspond to principles established in England_. …

[emphasis added]

56 The Indian Act referred to above appears to be the Divorce Act (Act 4 of
1869) (India), in particular, s 19 (with which s 14 of the 1910 Ordinance
(reproduced above at [53]) appears to be identical save that s 19 omits the
grounds for nullity found in ss 14(_e_) and (_f_) of the 1910 Ordinance). Of
relevance, too, is the annotation to this Act in _The Unrepealed General Acts
of the Governor General in Council – From 1868 to 1878, both inclusive_ , vol
II (4th Ed, Calcutta, Superintendent Government Printing, India, 1909) at p 5,
note 1, which reads as follows:

This Act extends to India the principal provisions of the [UK] Matrimonial
Causes Act, 1857 ..., as amended by the [UK] Matrimonial Causes Act, 1859 ...,
the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1860 ..., and the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1866 ...
It also embodies many rulings of Sir Cresswell Cresswell and Lord Penzance.

57 There were, in fact, _further_ amendments in the _local_ context to the
1910 Ordinance. Section 6 of the Straits Settlements Divorce (Amendment No 2)
Ordinance 1941 (Ordinance 25 of 1941), for example, amended s 14 (then
numbered as s 13) of the 1910 Ordinance (reproduced above at [53]) to
incorporate the new grounds of nullity of marriage that were introduced in the
English context by the 1937 UK Act (see above at [52]). The law in Singapore
in relation to the various grounds of nullity remained the same thereafter as
those in the English context and were, in fact, re-enacted in the Women’s
Charter when that statute was first promulgated (see the _Explanatory
Statement_ to the Women’s Charter Bill (Bill No 67 of 1960) in the _State of
Singapore Government Gazette Supplement_ _1960_ (17 March 1960) at p 361),
which remained the law in Singapore until the 1980 Amendment Act which, whilst
ostensibly based on the Malaysian Act, was in substance based on the English
position after the enactment of the Nullity of Marriage Act 1971 (c 44) (UK)
(“the 1971 UK Act”). Indeed, it is clear that the relevant provisions in the
Malaysian Act themselves had “[adopted] the recommendations of the England and
Wales Law Commission’s Report on Nullity of Marriage” (see the _Malaysian
Royal Commission Report_ at p 56). It is to these developments in the English
context that our attention now briefly turns.

58 There was, as mentioned above, a major review undertaken by the Law
Commission for England and Wales that resulted in the 1971 UK Act (see
generally the Law Commission, _Working Paper – Nullity of Marriage_ (Working
Paper No 20, 1968) and the Law Commission, _Family Law – Report on Nullity of
Marriage_ (Law Com No 33, 1970) (“the _1970 Report_ ”), as well as the helpful
commentaries (on the latter) by Stephen Cretney, “The Nullity of Marriage Act
1971” (1972) 35 MLR 57 and J C Hall, “The Nullity of Marriage Act 1971” [1971]
CLJ 208). The relevant provisions (later consolidated as part of the 1973 UK
Act) do form, in fact, the basis of our current provisions in the Act on
nullity of marriage. The 1971 UK Act also clarified the law pursuant to
suggestions in the _1970 Report_ – _inter alia_ , by making it clear that a
lack of consent ought to render the marriage concerned voidable as well as
making it clear that the effect of a decree of nullity of marriage was to be
prospective inasmuch as the marriage concerned would end as from the date of
the decree absolute.

(4) Our interpretation of ss 112 and 113 of the Act is not inconsistent with
the historical rationale for the distinction between void and voidable
marriages

59 The historical background to the law on nullity of marriages tells us that
despite the difference in _legal consequences_ between void and voidable
marriages, there is in fact nothing in the origins of the concept of nullity
of marriages that justifies – in point of general principle and/or logic – the
conclusion that, in construing s 112 of the Act, a division of matrimonial
assets ought only to be effected in relation to voidable marriages, but not in
relation to void marriages. In this regard, we find persuasive the analysis
and logic of Prof Leong set out above (at [41]). We also note the observation
of Lord Hodson in _Ross Smith_ (at 329) that “[w]hether the marriage is void
or voidable the question to be determined is always the same, that is to say,
was it or was it not a valid marriage”.

60 As we have noted above (at [48]), the distinction between void and voidable
marriages arose from a _historical_ tussle which resulted, in turn, in a
“division” between civil and canonical jurisdictions – a “division” that is no
longer relevant today. _However_ , the rationale for, as well as the result
of, such a “division” was not an incoherent one. In particular, _civil_
impediments were those which went to _the very formation_ of the marriage
itself and, from the perspective of a “division” of jurisdiction, were
appropriate for the _civil_ sphere as they related (in the main) to
impediments that were more _formal_ in nature (see also the observation in a
leading work that “[t]he real distinction is not so much between a void
marriage and a voidable marriage as between a void _ceremony_ and a voidable
marriage” (see _Jackson_ at pp 84–85 [emphasis added]; see also _Tolstoy_ at
pp 385–386). Reference may also be made to _Leong_ at p 588 (“The law of
**_solemnisation_** of marriage would not be complete if there were no
sanctions for its breach. The most serious sanction is that the result is a
void marriage, _ie_ , a union that lacks legal validity. It will not be
possible to ensure due compliance with the statutory requirements of the law
of **_solemnisation_** if not for this most serious sanction for breach”
[emphasis added in bold italics; emphasis in italics in original]) and _Ong_
at p 278). And, from the perspective of _legal result_ , treating marriages
that do not comply with the requirements for solemnisation as _void_ (as
opposed to _being_ voidable) was also both logical and commonsensical. Hence,
where the very _ceremony_ itself was flawed, there was justification in
treating the marriage itself as being _void ab_ _initio_ – as being fatally
flawed, so to speak, right from _its outset_. So, also, there was similar
justification in treating the marriage concerned as being _void ab_ _initio_
where one of the parties was _already married_ at the time the marriage
purportedly took place. Indeed, legal impediments of this nature _are now
embodied, statutorily, within_ _s 105 of the Act_ (which encompasses not only
invalid ceremonies of marriage but also other formal matters such as non-age
and prohibited degrees). Section 105 of the Act itself reads as follows:

**Grounds on which marriage is void**

**105.** A marriage which takes place after 1st June 1981 shall be void on the
following grounds only:

(_a_) that it is not a valid marriage by virtue of sections 3(4), 5, 9, 10,
11, 12 and 22; or

(_b_) where the marriage was celebrated outside Singapore, that the marriage
is invalid —

(i) for lack of capacity; or

(ii) by the law of the place in which it was celebrated.

61 In _contrast_ , however, the _canonical_ impediments, whilst impacting the
status of the marriage concerned, were nevertheless of a somewhat different
cast. In particular, none would be _necessarily_ known at the time the parties
entered into their marriage and therefore would _not necessarily_ go towards
the _formation_ of the marriage as such (as a learned author observed, “the
grounds on which a marriage is voidable may even be supervening causes, and
none affect the validity of the marriage at its inception” (see _Ong_ at p
278)). Looked at in this light, such impediments were, understandably,
“allotted” to the ecclesiastical courts (as opposed to the royal courts).
Hence, for example, where the marriage cannot be consummated owing to the
incapacity of one party or to the refusal by one party to consummate the
marriage, or where there is some other incapacity on the part of one of the
parties (such as the absence of valid consent, the presence of mental disorder
or venereal disease of a communicable nature, or being pregnant by some person
other than the petitioner), the marriage concerned is rendered null and void
_only at the option of the petitioner_ _once he or she is aware of the
impediment concerned_ , not least because, as just mentioned, these
impediments will _not necessarily_ go towards the _formation_ of the marriage.
Significantly, once again, this particular situation is _in fact embodied,
statutorily, within_ _s 106_ _of the Act._ Section 106 of the Act reads as
follows:

**Grounds on which marriage is voidable**

**106.** A marriage which takes place after 1st June 1981 shall be voidable on
the following grounds only:

(_a_) that the marriage has not been consummated owing to the incapacity of
either party to consummate it;

(_b_) that the marriage has not been consummated owing to the wilful refusal
of the defendant to consummate it;

(_c_) that either party to the marriage did not validly consent to it, whether
in consequence of duress, mistake, mental disorder or otherwise;

(_d_) that at the time of the marriage either party, though capable of giving
a valid consent, was suffering (whether continuously or intermittently) from
mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Care and Treatment)
Act 2008 of such a kind or to such an extent as to be unfit for marriage;

(_e_) that at the time of the marriage the defendant was suffering from
venereal disease in a communicable form;

(_f_) that at the time of the marriage the defendant was pregnant by some
person other than the plaintiff.

62 However, it is important to emphasise a point alluded to earlier – that
there is nothing in the analysis in the preceding two paragraphs which
militates against permitting the court to divide the matrimonial assets
between the parties in the situation of a _void_ marriage (as opposed to a
_voidable_ marriage). Hence, _even the historical background_ does _not_
detract from the construction of s 112 of the Act that we have adopted in the
present judgment. And we would add that there is _also_ no reason in principle
why the court should not be given the power (pursuant to s 113 of the Act) to
award the wife maintenance even in the situation of a _void_ marriage (again,
as opposed to a _voidable_ marriage).

63 We now turn to consider – in the briefest of fashions – why general policy
and principle _also support_ the construction that we have adopted with regard
to ss 112 and 113 of the Act.

General policy and principle

64 We have, in fact, already touched on why the construction we have adopted
is consistent with the general policy underlying the division of matrimonial
assets as well as of maintenance to the wife pursuant to ss 112 and 113,
respectively, of the Act. To recapitulate, there is nothing in the historical
development of the law relating to nullity of marriage which militates against
the courts being granted the powers in these specific areas. It is therefore
not surprising that the Singapore Parliament intentionally conferred these
powers, which were in fact absent in the 1980 Bill, by the insertion of
references to “nullity of marriage” in the respective provisions. That this
was a deliberate and intentional act by Parliament has already been
demonstrated by reference to the relevant materials (in particular, the Select
Committee proceedings).

65 Turning to the approach from _principle_ , it also seems to us that, in so
far as the division of matrimonial assets is concerned, there is – having
regard to the broad brush approach which has been well-established by the
relevant local case law – a strong case to be made out in favour of treating s
112 of the Act as covering the entire spectrum of nullity (_viz_ , both
voidable _as well as_ void marriages). Put simply, there is sufficient
flexibility within the broad brush approach so that, in the situation of a
_void_ marriage in which the factual circumstances are such as to make it just
and equitable that a particular spouse be given a low or (in extreme
circumstances such as where the marriage is an exceedingly short one) little
or no proportion of the matrimonial assets. This is, of course, wholly
consistent with the broad brush approach just mentioned.

66 Secondly, if the approach of the Judge in the court below is adopted, there
is nothing precluding the spouse in a _void_ marriage to nevertheless have
recourse to _the general law_ (a point that was also referred to by the Judge
himself (see the Judgment at [15]). We do not see how this can improve either
the efficiency or quality of justice on both a general level and as between
the parties. From the perspective of principle, the broad brush approach
adopted in s 112 of the Act with a view towards the attainment of a just and
equitable distribution of matrimonial assets between the parties is the most
appropriate one, particularly when viewed in the matrimonial context, and
(more importantly for the purposes of this appeal) is eminently suitable with
respect to _void_ marriages as well as voidable marriages.

Summary

67 It is clear, from _every_ aspect (_viz_ , legislative intention, logic,
language, history as well as general policy and principle), that the phrase
“nullity of marriage” in ss 112 and 113 of the Act encompasses _both_ void
_and_ voidable marriages. It followed from our decision (and as the Appellant
had submitted) that the case should be remitted to the second District Judge
to decide the issues of both the division of matrimonial assets as well as
that of maintenance on their merits.

Conclusion

68 For all these reasons, we allowed the appeal with costs and the usual
consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) Vol I at p 5.

[note: 2]ACB Vol II at p 17.

[note: 3]ACB Vol II at p 18.

[note: 4]ACB Vol I at p 6.

[note: 5]ACB Vol II at p 18.

[note: 6]ACB Vol II at pp 8–9.

[note: 7]ACB Vol II at p 23.

[note: 8]ACB Vol II at p 24.

[note: 9]ACB Vol II at p 31.

[note: 10]ACB Vol II at pp 31–32.

[note: 11]ACB Vol II at p 49.

[note: 12]ACB Vol 1 at p 7.

[note: 13]See the Notice of Appeal (ROA Vol II at pp 4–5).

[note: 14]Certified Transcript of proceedings on 4 March 2010 at pp 1–2.

[note: 15]Appellant’s Case (“AC”) at [43]–[47].

[note: 16]AC at [48]–[62].

[note: 17]AC at [55].

[note: 18]AC at [63].

[note: 19]AC at pp 37–40; 45–49.

[note: 20]AC at pp 41–44; 49–54.

[note: 21]AC at [71].

[note: 22]AC at [72]–[73].

[note: 23]AC at [74].

[note: 24]AC at [80].

[note: 25]Affidavit of Guy Bte Ghazali dated 25 July 2011 at [11].

[note: 26]Minute Sheet of Woo Bih Li J dated 5 August 2011.

[note: 27]Minute Sheet of Steven Chong J dated 26 August 2011.

[note: 28]Minute Sheet of the Court of Appeal dated 18 October 2011.

[note: 29]_Ibid_.

[note: 30]_Ibid_.

[note: 31]_Ibid_.

[note: 32]AC at [33].

[note: 33]ACB Vol II at p 31.

[note: 34]ACB Vol II at p 32.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

