Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Quek Hock Lye v Public Prosecutor  
[2012] SGCA 25

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 20/2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eugene Thuraisingam and Daniel Chia (Stamford Law
Corporation) for the appellant; Lee Lit Cheng with Dennis Tan and Darryl Soh
(Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent  
Parties| :|  QUEK HOCK LYE — PUBLIC PROSECUTOR — PHUTHITA SOMCHIT  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: (a) The decision from which this appeal arose is
reported at [2011] 3 SLR 719. (b) The application in Criminal Motion No 25 of
2014 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 13 November 2014. See [2015] SGCA
7.]

9 April 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The appellant, Quek Hock Lye (“Quek”), a 48-year-old male Singapore citizen,
was convicted by the judge (“the Judge”) in the High Court of possession of
not less than 62.14 g of diamorphine (“the seized drugs”), a controlled drug
specified in Class A of the First Schedule of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) in furtherance of a criminal conspiracy with one
Winai Phutthaphan (“Winai”), a 25 year-old male Thai national, to traffic the
seized drugs, an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Act. Quek was
sentenced to the mandatory death penalty under s 120B of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the PC”) read with s 33 of the Act (see _Public Prosecutor
v Phuthita_ _Somchit and another_ [2011] 3 SLR 719).

2 This is Quek’s appeal against his conviction and sentence.

Background

Original and amended charge

3 The charge on which Quek was convicted pertained to his participation in a
criminal conspiracy with Winai to traffic in not less than 62.14 g of
diamorphine (“the amended charge”). However, it should be noted that at the
commencement of the trial at the High Court, Quek was in fact jointly charged
with one Phuthita Somchit (“Somchit”), a 37-year-old female Thai national who,
in addition to Winai, was identified as a party to the criminal conspiracy to
traffic the seized drugs (“the original charge”). The amended charge preferred
against Quek by the Judge was distinct from the original charge in only two
respects:

(a) Somchit was no longer a named co-conspirator; and

(b) Quek, rather than Somchit, was stated to have been in possession of the
seized drugs.

4 At this juncture, we should point out that Winai was a named party to the
criminal conspiracy alleged in the original charge preferred against Quek and
Somchit as well as in the amended charge forming the subject matter of this
appeal. However, prior to the commencement of Quek’s trial before the Judge,
Winai pleaded guilty to a wholly separate charge of possession of not less
than 14.99 g of diamorphine in furtherance of a criminal conspiracy with
Somchit and Quek to traffic in the stated quantity of the drugs (“Winai’s
charge”).[note: 1] Winai’s testimony was used by the Prosecution in the trial
against Quek and Somchit.

5 By way of background, we ought to state that Somchit was distantly related
to Winai and was also Quek’s girlfriend. As per the original charge, Quek and
Somchit were jointly tried in a 17 day hearing before the Judge. Although Quek
claimed trial, he elected to remain silent when called upon to enter his
defence. On the 17th day of trial, having conducted a thorough assessment of
the evidence adduced before the court, the Judge made a number of findings
which resulted in the charges preferred against Quek and Somchit being
amended. In particular, the Judge made the following findings of fact and law:

(a) From her demeanour in the witness box and the consistency of her evidence,
Somchit was a witness of truth.[note: 2]

(b) Somchit did not have actual knowledge and was not wilfully blind as to the
_nature_ of the drug.[note: 3] Somchit had proved on a balance of
probabilities that she did not know the nature of the drug.

(c) Somchit had rebutted the presumption of knowledge raised by s 18(2) of the
Act.[note: 4]

6 Accordingly, the Judge acquitted Somchit of the original charge. However,
exercising his power under s 175(2) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), the Judge amended the charge against Somchit and
convicted her of attempting to traffic in a controlled drug under Class C of
the First Schedule of the Act (“the separate charge”). On 2 September 2010,
Somchit was sentenced to 9 years’ imprisonment.

7 Having convicted and sentenced Somchit under the separate charge, the Judge
further exercised his powers under s 163(1) of the CPC, and preferred the
amended charge against Quek (see [3] above). The following exchange took place
when the amended charge was read out to Quek:[note: 5]

Court: |  How do you plead?  
---|---  
Interpreter Ang: |  He pleads guilty.  
Court: |  Wow! Technically, I’m not supposed---_anyway, I’ll---I’ll not accept the plea, all right_. Are you ready to be tried on the altered charge?   
[Quek]: |  I don’t want to be tried on this charge.  
Court: |  Don’t want to be tried? No, are you ready to be tried?  
[Quek]: |  I wish to plead guilty, I want to plead guilty, Sir.  
Court: |  Yes, are you ready to be tried? Is there any reason why the trial should not continue---proceed?  
[Quek]: |  I hope that this case can continue---continue.  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

8 Notwithstanding the Judge’s reluctance to accept Quek’s plea of guilt, upon
being called to enter his defence, Quek chose not to call any witnesses or
tender any documents in his defence to the amended charge. In the result, the
Judge convicted Quek of the amended charge, after he was satisfied, having
assessed the evidence already adduced, that the evidence overwhelmingly
supported it. As noted above (see [3]), the elements of the amended charge
were identical to the original charge with the exception of the removal of any
reference to Somchit in relation to the alleged criminal conspiracy as well as
the amendment to state that Quek, instead of Somchit, was in possession of the
seized drugs. As will be shown later, these changes did not affect the
sufficiency of the weight of the evidence adduced in support of the amended
charge (below at [9]-[13]; [32]-[40]).

Material facts in support of the amended charge

9 The facts supporting both the original and amended charges can be found in
the statement of agreed facts (“SAF”) which was signed by Quek and tendered
before the Judge pursuant to s 376(1) of the CPC.[note: 6] In accordance with
s 376(3) of the CPC, the SAF could be treated as an admission of facts for the
purposes of the present appeal.

10 The following facts were undisputed before the Judge as well as before this
Court. At the material time, Quek, Winai and Somchit resided at Block 21 Bedok
Reservoir View #01-02, Aquarius by the Park, Singapore (“the Aquarius
apartment”). Quek had, using his forged driving licence, entered into a lease
agreement dated 6 September 2008 with the owner of the Aquarius apartment to
rent it. On 3 October 2008, Quek was arrested by a team of officers from the
Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) and was led to the Aquarius apartment where
he was searched. Amongst other things, the following were recovered from his
person:

(a) One bunch of four keys attached to a key tag with the words “21 Aquarius
#01-02” written on it; and

(b) Cash amounting to a total of S$ 5948.00.

11 The CNB officers thereafter conducted a search of the Aquarius apartment
and seized 124 packets of granular substances which were later established to
contain not less than 62.14 g of diamorphine. Drug paraphernalia was also
found in the apartment which formed the objective evidence before the Judge to
show that the drugs in the apartment were intended for repacking for sale
rather than for personal consumption.

12 Quek made a contemporaneous statement on 3 October 2008 and a cautioned
statement under s 122(6) of the CPC on 4 October 2008. Later, five long
statements were recorded from him under s 121 of the CPC on 7, 8 and 9 October
2008 and 22 January 2009 (hereinafter all 7 statements taken by the police
will be referred to as “statements”). In his statements, Quek unequivocally
admitted to having possession of the seized drugs, the intent to traffic in
them as well as the requisite knowledge of their specific nature. At the
trial, Quek’s statements were admitted into evidence without any challenge
being made by him as to their voluntariness.[note: 7] Before us, Quek also did
not dispute any of the above-mentioned facts or the Judge’s findings in
relation to his possession of the seized drugs, his knowledge of their
specific nature or his intention to sell them.

13 Somchit’s unchallenged evidence corroborated the evidence against Quek when
she testified that it was Quek who procured the seized drugs and had directed
her to repack them for sale to customers.[note: 8] Furthermore, Winai had also
testified that Quek had instructed him to deliver the seized “white
substances” to Quek’s customers.[note: 9]

First ground of appeal

14 Two separate grounds of appeal are raised by Quek before this Court. First,
in the petition of appeal filed by Quek’s counsel (“Counsel”), he contended
that the Judge had erred in law in proceeding to hear the charge against Quek
after he had pleaded guilty to the amended charge. Quek’s specific complaint
was that the Judge had failed to follow the procedural safeguards set out in
ss 139 and 187 of the CPC in relation to the recording of his plea of guilt
(“the plea of guilt ground”).[note: 10]

The applicable law

15 The relevant sections of the CPC which Counsel has relied upon are
reproduced below for ease of reference:

**Committal for trial when accused wishes to plead guilty**

**139**. Where an accused who is brought before an examining Magistrate states
that he wishes to plead guilty to the charge preferred against him, the
Magistrate shall record the facts of the case presented by the prosecution and
if the facts disclose sufficient grounds for committing the accused, he shall
satisfy himself that the accused understands the nature of the charge and
intends to admit without qualification the offence alleged against him and, on
being so satisfied, shall commit the accused for trial for the offence.

**Commencement of trial**

**187**. (1) When the court is ready to commence the trial, the accused shall
appear or be brought before it and the charge shall be read and explained to
him and he shall be asked whether he is guilty of the offence charged or
claims to be tried.

(2) If the accused pleads guilty the plea _shall_ be recorded, or if he claims
to be tried the court shall –

(a) proceed to try the case; or

(b) if the accused was committed for trial under section 139, order him to be
brought before an examining Magistrate for a preliminary inquiry.

[emphasis added]

16 Pursuant to s 187 of the CPC, where the accused wishes to plead guilty his
plea of guilt _shall_ be recorded prior to his formal conviction of the
charge. Counsel, while noting that the Judge’s failure to refer to Quek’s plea
of guilt in his grounds of decision (“GD”) was a “technical” breach of s 187
of the CPC, went on to argue that this omission by the Judge cast doubt on
whether the accused had received a fair trial in so far as the amended charge
was concerned. Further, Counsel characterised the Judge’s mind when hearing
the amended charge, after Quek had entered his plea of guilt, as being
“tainted by a reasonable suspicion of bias”.[note: 11] With respect, we do not
understand the sense in this argument. First, while the Judge rejected Quek’s
plea of guilt, he proceeded to assess the evidence already adduced against
Quek on the amended charge and having determined that such evidence had
established a _prima facie_ case against him on the amended charge, called on
Quek to enter his defence by calling such witnesses as he might wish to do. In
these circumstances, we do not see how it could be validly argued that he did
not receive a fair trial on the amended charge. Secondly, there is no
requirement at law that a judge should refer to the accused’s plea of guilt in
his GD. Having said that, the notes of evidence of the trial had clearly
captured Quek’s plea and the Judge’s rejection of the same. Thirdly, the Judge
did not act on his plea of guilt. Instead, he called on Quek to call such
witnesses as he might wish in his defence. This may explain why the Judge at
[50] of his GD stated, though not entirely accurately, that Quek “claimed
trial”. However, we do not see how this discrepancy is in any way material or
sufficient to amount to bias, either apparent or actual. It was only after
Quek decided not to call any witnesses that the Judge, having assessed the
evidence adduced, convicted Quek of the amended charge. Counsel’s
interpretation of the obligations imposed by ss. 139 and 187 of the CPC failed
to have regard to what had in fact transpired, _i.e._ the guilty plea was
rejected by the Judge. While we can see some basis for this argument to be
advanced in a case where a judge had acted on the guilty plea (but on which we
do not offer a concluded view), it can have no place where the plea is _not_
accepted. While we recognise that the Judge could have, in his GD, made
reference to the guilty plea which he had rejected, non reference could hardly
have given rise to any impropriety or injustice. What the Judge did was to
proceed as if the plea had never been uttered, a course which he was entitled
to take.

17 In this regard, it is also important to note that the _guiding purpose_ of
the requirements in ss. 139 and 187 of the CPC is the avoidance of any
prejudice to the accused. It is for this reason that the court is required to
comply with a number of safeguards when recording any plea of guilt (see
_Rajeevan_ _Edakalavan v Public Prosecution_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 10 at [24] and
[25]). Counsel did not and, in our view, could not argue that Quek had
suffered any prejudice by the Judge’s decision to reject his plea and to offer
him the opportunity of calling for any additional evidence in defence to the
amended charge. In our opinion, the Judge had followed the spirit and purpose
of the two highlighted sections of the CPC. To our mind, the approach which
the Judge took, following his rejection of the guilty plea, was clearly
prompted by his desire to ensure that Quek received a fair trial. Accordingly,
the first ground of appeal is dismissed as being wholly without merit.

Second ground of appeal

18 At the first hearing of this appeal on 18 August 2011, in response to
queries from the Bench, Counsel also made arguments which raised questions as
to the propriety of the amended charge on which Quek was convicted. That was
in the light of the fact that Winai’s charge, on which he had been convicted
on, related to “not less than 14.99 grams of diamorphine” whereas the amended
charge against Quek related to “not less than 62.14 grams of diamorphine”.
Counsel also made further arguments with respect to certain attendant
constitutional issues touching on the principles of equal treatment and
protection under the law as well as the exercise of judicial power. As a
result, this Court directed that further written submissions on those issues
be made by the parties. We will first examine the constitutional issues.

Article 12(1) argument

19 Counsel argued that the Public Prosecutor’s actions in charging Winai with
possession of not less than 14.99 g of diamorphine while charging Quek with
the total seized quantity of not less than 62.14 g of diamorphine are in
breach of Article 12(1) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999
Rev Ed) (“the Constitution”) as both Winai and Quek essentially fell within
the same class of accused persons and shared the same legal guilt, relying
here on Lord Diplock’s speech in the Privy Council decision of _Ong Ah Chuan
and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1979-1980] SLR(R) 710 (“ _Ong Ah Chuan_ ”)
at [35], [36] and [39]. Counsel also sought to distinguish the line of cases
following _Teh Cheng Poh v Public Prosecutor_ [1979] 1 MLJ 50 (“ _Teh Cheng
Poh_ ”) on the basis that unique to the present case was the fact that (a)
both Winai and Quek were charged for trafficking in diamorphine and (b) both
were in possession of the same amount of diamorphine. Furthermore, Counsel
also took the position that the Court of Criminal Appeal was wrong in
_Thiruselvam_ _s/o Nagaratnam v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 362 (“
_Thiruselvam_ ”) as it failed to consider the definition of “class” as
elucidated by Lord Diplock in _Ong Ah Chuan_.

20 Counsel also argued that Winai and Quek fell within the same legal class
for the following reasons:[note: 12]

a. First, [their offences arose] from the same factual matrix;

b. Second, [the offences relate] to the exact same amount of drugs trafficked;
and

c. Third, [the offences arose] from effectively the same act/wrongdoing.

The argument seemed to flow from the premise that as an individual’s personal
circumstance and moral blameworthiness were not relevant for determining
whether two or more individuals who had committed the same act fell within the
same class, _Thiruselvam_ should not be followed. In the alternative, Counsel
argued that _Thiruselvam_ should be distinguished from the present case
because Winai and Quek were charged for “essentially the same crime, a
conspiracy to traffic in diamorphine”. In contrast, in _Thiruselvam_ , one
accused was charged for trafficking and another for abetment. In essence,
Counsel’s point was that:[note: 13]

The act of prosecutorial discretion in formulating the artificial charge so as
to discriminate against offenders of the same class violates Article 12 of the
Constitution.

Analysis of Article 12

21 Art 12(1) of the Constitution states as follows:

12.—(1) All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal
protection of the law.

22 The issue in the present case is whether Art 12(1) of the Constitution was
violated by the Public Prosecutor’s exercise of prosecutorial discretion in
preferring different charges against Quek and Winai, parties to the same
criminal conspiracy. In this regard we must refer to the recent decision of
this Court in _Ramalingam_ _Ravinthran v Attorney-General_ [2012] SGCA 2 (“
_Ramalingam v AG_ ”), which has shed further light on this issue. To better
understand the decision in _Ramalingam v AG_ , it is necessary for us to first
set out the argument made by the applicant there. Similar to the present case,
there the applicant argued that Art 12(1) of the Constitution was violated
when the Attorney-General, in his capacity as the Public Prosecutor, charged
the applicant (_i.e._ in a similar position to Quek) with a capital charge
while the other member of the same criminal enterprise, one Sundar Arujunan
(“Sundar”), was charged with a non-capital charge. In fact, similar to Winai’s
treatment in the present case, Sundar was charged with trafficking in a
reduced quantity of the controlled drugs found, just below the threshold at
which it would attract the mandatory death penalty on conviction. In the
present case, while Quek was charged with trafficking in all 62.14 g of the
seized drugs, Winai was charged only with _not less_ than 14.99 g despite
being part of the same criminal enterprise and underlying agreement. Thus, the
position of Quek is identical to that of the applicant in _Ramalingam v AG_
and Quek has also essentially raised the same constitutional argument as that
was raised by the applicant in _Ramalingam v AG, i.e._ whether the exercise of
prosecutorial discretion which resulted in differential treatment of two
offenders involved in the same criminal enterprise constituted a breach of Art
12(1) of the Constitution.

23 In _Ramalingam v AG_ , this Court had discussed many of the cases relied on
by Quek’s Counsel in this appeal. First, the Privy Council decision in _Ong Ah
Chuan_ was held to be irrelevant to the question of constitutionality of the
Attorney-General’s exercise of prosecutorial discretion as _Ong Ah Chuan_
dealt with a different question, _i.e._ , the application of Art 12(1) of the
Constitution to legislation (see _Ramalingam v AG_ at [19]-[20] and [40]). The
excerpts from _Ong Ah Chuan_ which Counsel relied upon were in fact made in
the context of criminal statutes providing for the mandatory death penalty. In
_Ramalingam v AG_ this Court pointed out that the test to be applied to the
principle of equality before the law was not the same when it was being
applied in relation to the exercise of prosecutorial discretion. The
distinction has to be drawn because in addition to the legal guilt of the
offender, the Public Prosecutor is obliged to consider a wide range of factors
(see _Ramalingam v AG_ at [63]):

[the] moral blameworthiness, the gravity of the harm caused to the public
welfare by his criminal activity, and a myriad of other factors, including
whether there is sufficient evidence against a particular offender, whether
the offender is willing to co-operate with the law enforcement authorities in
providing intelligence, whether one offender is willing to testify against his
co-offenders, and so on – up to and including the possibility of showing some
degree of compassion in certain cases.

Accordingly, the appellant’s dogged reliance on _Ong Ah Chuan_ as a basis for
contending that the exercise of the Public Prosecutor’s discretion should be
restricted to the sole question of the legal guilt of an offender is both ill
founded and patently incorrect. _Teh Cheng Poh_ and the subsequent line of
cases, including _Thiruselvam_ , were extensively discussed in _Ramalingam v
AG_ (see [40] of _Ramalingam v AG_). This Court in _Ramalingam v AG_ noted
that the circumstances in _Thiruselvam_ were different from those in _Teh
Cheng Poh_ in the sense that the latter case did not concern the treatment of
two offenders but that of a single offender. Further, in _Teh Cheng Poh_ , the
Public Prosecutor, in exercise of his prosecutorial discretion chose to bring
a charge against the applicant which attracted capital punishment instead of
under a different law where the punishment would have been less severe.
Notwithstanding the identified factual differences between _Thiruselvam_ and
_Teh Cheng Poh_ , this Court in _Ramalingam v AG_ nevertheless held that Art
12(1) of the Constitution was not infringed if there were grounds for the
Public Prosecutor to bring different charges of unequal gravity against two or
more offenders in the same criminal enterprise. This Court did not think that
the fact that in _Thiruselvam_ the co-offenders were charged with different
offences, one for abetting and the other for trafficking, constituted a
material circumstance to distinguish _Ramalingam v AG_ from _Thiruselvam_.

24 The fact situation in the present case is similar to that in _Ramalingam v
AG_ , where both the accused persons in question were charged with identical
offences of drug trafficking, save for the quantity of drugs involved,
resulting in significantly different consequences as far as the punishment
which could be imposed was concerned. However, the divergent consequences
faced by accused persons in the same criminal enterprise from the prescribed
punishments (whether mandatory or not), flowing from their respective charges
by the Public Prosecutor, are not _per se_ sufficient to found a successful
Art 12(1) challenge. To the contrary, this divergence in sentence experienced
by accused persons is but a consequence of the broader constitutionally vested
discretion in the Public Prosecutor in preferring charges against accused
persons. Accordingly, applying the principles as elucidated in _Ramalingam v
AG_ , Quek’s Art 12(1) challenge fails as the issue is _not_ whether the
Public Prosecutor _can_ exercise his discretion to prefer a lower quantum of
the same seized drugs between co-offenders but rather whether this decision
was made for legitimate reasons which, _inter alia_ , include the
considerations outlined above. It is the latter part of this analysis, _i.e._
an accused’s complaint of illegitimate reasons operative on the mind of the
Public Prosecutor in exercise of his discretion which gives rise to the
metaphorical key capable of unlocking a successful Art 12(1) challenge of this
nature.

25 At this juncture we would highlight the fact that unlike in _Ramalingam v
AG_ , Counsel did not make any arguments concerning the relative culpability
of Winai and Quek which could have enabled this Court to review the Public
Prosecutor’s decision to treat Quek differently from Winai. In this regard,
the following passage in _Ramalingam v AG_ is of particular assistance, at
[70]:

... the Applicant must specifically produce _prima facie_ evidence of bias or
the taking into account of irrelevant considerations by the Attorney-General
in differentiating, pursuant to his prosecutorial discretion, between the
charges against the Applicant and the charges against Sundar. In this regard,
the mere differentiation of charges between co-offenders, even between those
of equal guilt, is not, _per se_ , sufficient to constitute prima facie
evidence of bias or the taking into account of irrelevant considerations that
breaches Art 12(1). Differentiation between offenders of equal guilt can be
legitimately undertaken for many reasons and based on the consideration of
many factors ... It is for the offender who complains of a breach of Art 12(1)
to prove that there are no valid grounds for such differentiation. In the
absence of proof by the offender, the court should not presume that there are
no valid grounds in this regard.

As such, we find that Quek has not discharged his burden of establishing a
_prima facie_ case that the Public Prosecutor has infringed Art 12(1) of the
Constitution in charging him with a capital charge while sparing Winai of the
same. In any event, we find that on the evidence, Quek was really the brain
behind the criminal enterprise and thus the main culprit. In addition, Winai’s
willingness to testify against Quek and Somchit was a relevant consideration
which could have operated on the mind of the Public Prosecutor in preferring
separate charges against Quek and Winai. Accordingly, the Art 12(1) argument
is dismissed.

Article 93 argument

26 We turn now to the second constitutional issue and the argument here is
that the “selection of punishment for members of a class of offenders is for
the Judiciary by virtue of Article 93 of the Constitution”.[note: 14]
Counsel’s point is that the Public Prosecutor’s actions in formulating a drug
trafficking charge against Winai, which was _just under_ the amount necessary
to trigger the mandatory death penalty, contravenes the doctrine of separation
of powers and breaches Article 93 of the constitution as it “[_usurps_] _the
judicial function of sentencing_ ”.[note: 15] Borrowing the language of _Ong
Ah Chuan_ , Counsel took the position that so long as the two accused persons
were of the same legal guilt, the “manipulation” of the quantum of seized
drugs in their respective charges infringed Art 93 of the Constitution.
Counsel averred that the manner in which the Public Prosecutor acted in
relation to Winai and Quek amounted to reserving to itself the ability to
determine who should face the death penalty and who need not, even though both
Quek and Winai were “charged for the same offence”.[note: 16] Counsel seemed
to be suggesting that the decision to charge one offender with a non-capital
charge and another with a capital charge fell within the jurisdiction of the
court and that the Public Prosecutor would be acting unconstitutionally by
virtue of Art 93 of the Constitution if it were to be permitted to
“manipulate” the quantum of seized drugs resulting in a non-capital charge
being preferred against a co-offender. Counsel also argued that this objection
would not arise so long as both co-offenders were charged with separate
offences such as trafficking and abetment, as in _Thiruselvam_.

Analysis of the Article 93 argument

27 We would first observe that Counsel’s complaint against the Public
Prosecutor’s exercise of his discretion which could result in two offenders in
the same criminal enterprise being liable for different sentences could also
arise in other situations (_i.e._ non drug-related) where mandatory penalties
are involved. For example the same objection could be taken when the Public
Prosecutor decides to charge A with murder and B with culpable homicide where
both A and B were part of the same criminal enterprise. If the charge was
proven beyond a reasonable doubt, the court would be compelled to sentence A
to the mandatory death penalty whereas B would only be liable for life
imprisonment. Another instance would be where two persons were acting in
concert to damage property. One could be charged for mischief and the other
for vandalism, the latter of which would attract mandatory caning as the
prescribed punishment. Thus, if Counsel’s submission is valid and ought to be
accepted, it would have implications in relation to all offences which carry
mandatory penalties and not just offences which attract the mandatory death
penalty.

28 Counsel’s argument characterising the Public Prosecutor’s exercise of his
discretion in relation to Quek and Winai as unconstitutional disregards the
fact that Art 35(8) of the Constitution confers upon the Attorney-General, as
the Public Prosecutor, a constitutional power to exercise his discretion in
individual cases, which must necessarily impact the sentencing range available
to the court in relation to the particular charge preferred. In a mandatory
penalty scenario, this impact is further heightened as the court, in
sentencing, is not in a position to take into account the mitigating
circumstances. However, the question of usurpation of judicial power does not
arise. It is not the function of the court to prefer charges against an
accused brought before it. The court exercises its judicial power in relation
to the charge or charges brought by the Public Prosecutor against an accused
person. The court may only exercise its power to amend the charge in the light
of the evidence adduced before it. The powers and jurisdiction of the courts
as set out in Art 93 of the Constitution are distinct and separate from the
powers of the Public Prosecutor under Art 35(8) of the Constitution.

29 In the scheme envisioned under the Constitution, the judiciary does not
possess the power or jurisdiction to formulate or prefer charges against
accused persons; that is the constitutional provenance of the Attorney-
General. As rightly pointed out by the Prosecution, only when the charge is
preferred against the accused can the court exercise its judicial power over
the proceedings. The limitation of the sentencing range or sentence (in a
mandatory penalty scenario) available to the court is a necessary consequence
following the charge preferred. While the court has the power to review the
considerations taken into account by the Public Prosecutor in preferring the
charge, to decide whether or not the evidence adduced by the Public Prosecutor
proves the charge beyond a reasonable doubt and to amend the charge in light
of the evidence before it, it is not for the court to determine what charge
should be preferred against an accused person irrespective of whether the
charge would invoke a mandatory penalty. This principle applies equally to the
situation where multiple parties are involved in a criminal enterprise. It is
the very essence of prosecutorial discretion that due weight is given to all
relevant circumstances or considerations prior to the formulation of a charge.
Arts 93 and 35(8) of the Constitution should be construed harmoniously, with
neither being subordinate to the other. Counsel’s submission would mean that
Art 93 of the Constitution overrides Art 35(8) of the Constitution. His
characterisation of the Public Prosecutor’s exercise of his discretion as
“manipulation” would appear to stem from his misconception of Art 12(1) of the
Constitution wherein the Public Prosecutor is limited to preferring charges
solely on the basis of legal guilt. This submission has been shown to be
incorrect (see [21]-[25] above).

30 For completeness, we will briefly comment on the Privy Council decision in
_Mohammed Muktar Ali & Anor v The Queen_ [1992] 2 AC 93 (“ _Muktar Ali_ ”)
which is relied upon by Counsel. In _Muktar Ali_ , the court was concerned
with the question of whether a provision in the Mauritius Dangerous Drugs Act
1986 which conferred on the Director of Public Prosecutions the discretion to
determine the court which a drug importer should be tried, infringed the
principle of separation of powers. There, if the court selected by the
Director of Public Prosecutions was the Supreme Court and if the offender was
found to be guilty of drug trafficking he would be sentenced to death.
Contrarily, if he was tried in an Intermediate or District Court, the offender
would be sentenced to a fine and a term of penal servitude. The Privy Council
found that since the discretion to select the court enabled the Director of
Public Prosecutions to, in effect, select the penalty to be imposed, the
relevant provision of the Mauritius Dangerous Drugs Act 1986 was
unconstitutional.

31 Similar to the discussion in _Ong Ah Chuan_ , it would be noted that
_Muktar Ali_ concerned an ordinary legislative provision rather than the
exercise of prosecutorial discretion, a power conferred and governed by the
Constitution itself, which is the issue in the present appeal. In fact, as
pointed out by the Prosecution, Lord Keith of Kinkel expressly stated at pp
103-104 of _Muktar Ali_ that the case was concerned with the particular
legislative provision’s impact on the court before which a person was tried.
His Lordship clearly articulated at p 104 of _Muktar Ali_ that“[i]n general,
there is no objection of a constitutional or other nature to a prosecuting
authority having discretion of that nature”. In fact, the Privy Council
expressly stated that the prosecuting authority’s discretion to prefer a more
serious charge rather than a less serious one against an accused would not
give rise to any constitutional objection. Counsel’s reliance on this case was
accordingly misplaced. In the present case, it is the Prosecutor’s discretion
which Counsel seeks to challenge, a discretion conferred under the
Constitution. The situation here is completely different from that in _Muktar
Ali_. The Public Prosecutor’s decision to prefer separate charges on members
of the same criminal enterprise does not interfere with the court’s judicial
power. Accordingly, Quek’s second ground of appeal is dismissed.

The use of criminal conspiracy in Quek’s amended charge

32 Having disposed of the two constitutional issues, what remains to be
addressed is the issue of the propriety of the amended charge on which Quek
was convicted. This issue may, in turn, involve the consideration of the
following two sub-issues:

(a) Whether Quek and Winai could be said to be parties to the same criminal
conspiracy to traffic diamorphine despite being separately charged for
different quantities of the same parcel of seized drugs found in their
possession; and

(b) If not, whether this Court should exercise its discretion to amend the
charge on which Quek was convicted and to offer him an opportunity to plead
thereto.

33 As a starting point it bears noting that, like abetment and attempt,
criminal conspiracy is defined as an incomplete or inchoate crime in ss 120A
and 120B of the PC as follows:

**Definition of criminal conspiracy**

**120A.** —(1) When 2 or more persons agree to do, or cause to be done —

(a) an illegal act; or

(b) an act, which is not illegal, by illegal means, such an agreement is
designated a criminal conspiracy:

Provided that no agreement except an agreement to commit an offence shall
amount to a criminal conspiracy unless some act besides the agreement is done
by one or more parties to such agreement in pursuance thereof.

(2) A person may be a party to a criminal conspiracy notwithstanding the
existence of facts of which he is unaware which make the commission of the
illegal act, or the act, which is not illegal, by illegal means, impossible.

**Punishment of criminal conspiracy**

**120B**. Whoever is a party to a criminal conspiracy to commit an offence
shall, where no express provision is made in this Code for the punishment of
such a conspiracy, be punished in the same manner as if he had abetted such
offence.

34 It is trite law that a charge of criminal conspiracy requires _two or more
persons_ in agreement to do or cause to be done an illegal act (or an act,
which is not illegal, by illegal means) which in the present case is the
trafficking of 62.14 g of diamorphine. As such, a finding of the existence of
a co-conspirator, in the present case Winai, is necessary in order for this
Court to uphold Quek’s conviction under the amended charge. In this regard,
two questions arise:

(a) Whether the evidence before this Court supports a finding that there was
an underlying agreement between Winai and Quek to traffic the seized drugs;
and

(b) If so, notwithstanding the Court’s satisfaction with the evidence in
relation to the underlying agreement, whether the difference in the precise
quantity of the seized drugs in Quek and Winai’s respective charges _per se_ ,
undermines a positive finding of criminal conspiracy?

The existence of an underlying agreement between Quek and Winai to traffic the
seized drugs

35 The critical question is whether there was indeed an agreement between
Winai and Quek to traffic in 62.14 g of the diamorphine found. On this
question, the statement of facts to which Winai pleaded guilty to under the
separate charge brought against him (_i.e_. Winai’s charge above at [4]), for
a lesser quantum of not less than 14.99 g of the seized drugs, states as
follows (“Winai’s SOF”):[note: 17]

At all material times, Quek, Somchit and Winai had agreed to perform specific
tasks in the process of procuring, packaging and delivering diamorphine for
the purposes of trafficking. Pursuant to this agreement, Somchit was in
possession of 62.14 grams of diamorphine at the unit of 3 October 2008 for the
purpose of trafficking, which is an offence under Section 5(1)(a) read with
Section 5(2) of the Act.

36 Winai’s SOF also details the various packets of controlled substance found
and the HSA analysis of the seized drugs which established that a total of
62.14 g of diamorphine was found at the Aquarius apartment. By admitting to
the SOF, and by pleading guilty to the separate charge brought against him,
Winai admitted to having the knowledge and the intention to traffic in the
total quantum of the seized drugs. The evidence adduced at the trial against
Quek also amply demonstrated that such an underlying agreement existed between
Quek and Winai. It also bears noting that at his appeal, Counsel did not
canvas the argument that there was any deficiency in the evidence supporting
the existence of an agreement between Winai and Quek to traffic in the total
quantity of the seized drugs. Indeed, we do not see how he could as the
evidence overwhelmingly shows that Quek and Winai had agreed to traffic in the
total quantity of the seized drugs.

The issue of congruity arising from Quek and Winai’s respective charges

37 On the present facts, the incongruity in the charges faced by Quek and
Winai does not impact their underlying agreement to traffic in the 62.14 g of
diamorphine. This is for the simple reason that Winai’s charge specifying a
lower quantum of diamorphine merely reflects the Public Prosecutor’s
discretion to prefer a less serious charge, and we do not see how that could
have any impact on or affect the primary factual question, namely, the
existence of an agreement between Quek and Winai to traffic in the full 62.14
g of diamorphine. As noted above at [35]-[36], substantial evidence was
adduced before this Court in satisfaction of this crucial question. In this
regard, the following statement in Stanley Yeo, Neil Morgan and Chan Wing
Cheong, _Criminal Law in Malaysia and Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2012) at
p 918, discussing the burden of proof on the Public Prosecutor setting out to
establish criminal conspiracy, is germane:

[34.54] … It is also sufficient for the prosecution to prove that there are
two or more persons guilty of conspiracy even though the other person involved
_may still be at large, dead, unknown, or for some reason acquitted on a
technical ground_. However, a conviction for criminal conspiracy is improper
if it is inconsistent with the acquittal of the other alleged co-conspirator
such as absence of proof of an agreement between the parties.

[emphasis added]

38 In _Pradumna_ _Shriniwas_ _Auradkar v State of Maharashtra_ 1981 Cri. L. J.
1873, the applicant, A, argued that he could not be convicted of criminal
conspiracy as his only co-conspirator, B, was acquitted of the same offence.
In dismissing the appeal, similar to the present case, the court held at [11]
that the conspiracy had been clearly established on the facts and as the
acquittal of B was on a purely technical ground, the appellant could not be
exonerated in the circumstances. The court also held that to prove criminal
conspiracy, it was unnecessary that the co-conspirator be tried and/ or
convicted. Crucially, as no authority had been presented to suggest that A
should be acquitted _ipso facto_ , following from B’s acquittal, his
conviction could not be challenged. As such, the acquittal of B _per se_ did
not affect A’s conviction under the criminal conspiracy charge. One must
however note that it is the _reason_ supporting the acquittal of a co-accused
that the court must pay attention to.

39 In the House of Lords decision in _Director of Public Prosecutions v
Shannon_ [1975] AC 717, a similar issue was canvassed wherein the conviction
of the accused person was challenged on the basis that his co-conspirator had
been acquitted. The appellant argued that at least two persons must be proved
to be guilty of the same criminal conspiracy before anyone could be convicted
of the same. The argument that “if A and B alone were indicted together and
‘tried together’ for conspiracy ... that ‘both must be convicted or both must
be acquitted’” was considered by their Lordships at 722. The court opined as
follows at 745 and 754:

So the question arises whether if A and B (but no others) are charged with
conspiracy and if A, with full intention, pleads guilty and if B pleads not
guilty and if B’s trial is postponed, but, taking place at some subsequent
time, results in his acquittal, the law requires the conviction of A (on his
own confession) must be set aside. If it must, the law will be producing a
strange result. No one could know better than A whether he did or did not
agree with B to do something wrongful and if, fully understanding what he was
doing, and having skilled advice to guide or assist him, he acknowledged by
way of confession to the court that he had so agreed, the law might seem to be
artificial and contrariwise which required that because the charge against B
failed A must be held to be not guilty when he himself knew and had admitted
that he was guilty.

…

… [W]here there is a charge of conspiracy against A and B (the charge not
alleging any conspiracy with anyone else) and where A is first separately
tried and pleads or is found guilty and where B is later separately tried and
acquitted, _such acquittal does not of itself warrant setting aside the
conviction of A_ …

[emphasis added]

40 Thus the point is that where sufficient evidence can be adduced to prove
the underlying agreement between the co-conspirators beyond a reasonable
doubt, the outcome _per se_ of the proceedings of a co-conspirator, or the
death or disappearance of the co-conspirator is not _ipso facto_ a reason to
set aside the conviction or amend the charge preferred against the other co-
conspirator. In the present case, the Public Prosecutor’s decision to prefer
charges against Quek and Winai involving different quantities of the seized
drugs does not undermine the fact that there was a conspiracy between them to
traffic in the total seized quantity. The situation that results is in fact
not dissimilar from the situation where a co-conspirator has either been
acquitted or has disappeared. It bears emphasising that the evidence adduced
establishing the underlying agreement between the respective co-conspirators
remains undisturbed. Indeed, in contrast to a situation involving the
acquittal of a co-conspirator, both Quek and Winai were in fact convicted in
the present case; the difference in punishments arising solely from the
exercise of prosecutorial discretion, a discretion accorded to the Public
Prosecutor under the Constitution. Furthermore, we also think that Winai’s
separate charge for possession of _not less_ than 14.99 g of diamorphine in
furtherance of a criminal conspiracy with Somchit and Quek to traffic in the
stated quantity of the seized drugs, is not, on a plain reading, incongruous
with the amended charge on which Quek was convicted as “not less than 14.99 g”
could include 62.14 g. We would reiterate that in Winai’s SOF upon which he
was convicted on the reduced quantity, the _full weight_ of the seized drugs
discovered was clearly stated.

41 Since this Court is not confronted with the slightly different scenario
whereby Winai lacked the requisite knowledge of the full quantity of the
seized drugs forming the basis of the criminal conspiracy alleged, whether the
answer to the question of congruity in that scenario might be different is a
question on which there is no necessity for us to offer a concluded view.
There is however authority for the proposition that it is not necessary that
all the conspirators must know each and every detail of the conspiracy as long
as they are co-participators in the main object of the conspiracy – see _Yash
Pal Mittal v State of Punjab_ (1977) 4 SCC 540 at [9] and _Nomura Taiji_ _and
others v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 259 at [110]. The question which
must follow and remains unanswered is (a) whether knowledge of the precise
_quantity_ of the controlled drugs specified in the charges preferred against
co-conspirators can be characterised as a mere _detail_ as outlined by the
case law cited above or (b) whether it should more rightly be viewed as an
integral _element of the underlying agreement_ as part of the main object of
the criminal conspiracy. While on the first proposition, (a), the quantity
_per se_ is not a factor which each co-conspirator need be alive to, on the
second proposition, (b), the Public Prosecutor’s ability to establish the
individual’s actual knowledge of the specific quantity of the controlled drugs
in the preferred charge will directly impact the fundamental enquiry before
the court as to whether criminal conspiracy has been made out.

42 On the present facts, in light of this Court’s finding on the knowledge of
Quek and Winai of the total quantity of the seized drugs, these questions did
not arise. In passing, we would venture to think that there is much to be said
in favour of the first proposition. This is perhaps best illustrated by an
example. Say A and B agreed to bring 14 g of diamorphine into Singapore.
Unknown to B, and motivated by greed, A changed his mind and brought in double
the quantity. It would be curious to say that in those circumstances, just
because of the change in quantum of drug brought in, that there was no
conspiracy by them to bring in the drug illegally. Quite clearly, there was a
conspiracy by A and B to commit an illegal act (_i.e._ to import 14 g of the
drug) although B cannot be said to have conspired with A to import the larger
quantity of the drug. On the other hand, if A and B had agreed to import the
drug illegally without discussion as to the quantity, both could be charged
with conspiracy to import the quantity of the drug actually brought in by
either of them. Ultimately, what conspiracy charge(s) could be brought against
co-conspirators must be dictated by the evidence.

43 Accordingly, we hold that there is nothing irregular in Quek being
convicted on the amended charge.

44 For the reasons stated above, Quek’s appeal is dismissed.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings (“RP”), Volume 6A, p 338.

[note: 2]RP, Volume 7, Grounds of Decision (“The GD”) at [31].

[note: 3]RP, Volume 7, The GD at [39].

[note: 4]RP, Volume 7, The GD at [40].

[note: 5]RP, Volume 5, NE Day 17 p 20 line 18 – 28.

[note: 6]RP, Volume 6 at (3a to 3l), Statement of Agreed Facts.

[note: 7]RP, Volume 3, NE Day 9 p 8 line 13; p 20, line 1-3.

[note: 8]RP, Volume 4, NE Day 13 p 30-31.

[note: 9]RP, Volume 2, NE Day 4, p 55.

[note: 10]Petition of Appeal dated 9 May 2011 (Crime) at [5].

[note: 11]Appellant’s submissions dated 11 August 2011 at [7]-[8].

[note: 12]Appellant’s supplemental submissions dated 13 September 2011 at
[20].

[note: 13]Appellant’s supplemental submissions dated 13 September 2011 at
[27].

[note: 14]Appellant’s supplemental submissions dated 13 September 2011 at
[29].

[note: 15]Appellant’s supplemental submissions dated 13 September 2011 at
[28]-[37].

[note: 16]Appellant’s supplemental submissions dated 13 September 2011 at
[36].

[note: 17]RP at Volume 6A at p 339(P).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

