Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  BBN (by her next friend B) _v_ Low Eu Hong (trading as EH Low Baby N’
Child Clinic)  
[2012] SGHCR 7

Case Number| :| Suit No 234 of 2011, Summons No 782 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Yeong Zee Kin SAR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Niru Pillai for the plaintiff; Mr Edric Pan with Ms
Rebecca Heng defendant.  
Parties| :|  BBN (by her next friend B) — Low Eu Hong (trading as EH Low Baby
N' Child Clinic)  
  
28 June 2012|  
---|---  
  
Yeong Zee Kin, Senior Assistant Registrar:

Summary of facts

1 The plaintiff is a 12 year old child who was born prematurely at home with
an extremely low birth weight. She was brought to East Shore Hospital and
warded in its neonatal intensive care unit. The plaintiff developed
Retinopathy of Prematurity (ROP), an eye disease that commonly affects
premature babies, in both her eyes. Currently, she has no useful vision in her
left eye.

2 The plaintiff’s case is that at all material times during her stay at East
Shore Hospital and subsequent to her discharge, she was under the care and
treatment of the defendant paediatrician. The plaintiff claims that the
defendant had been negligent in his management, care and treatment of her, in
particular for failing to conduct any eye screenings and for failing to detect
that she had developed ROP.

3 In the interest of arriving at an early resolution of this action, parties
consented to an order under Order 36, rule 2 that there be an assessment of
damages without any trial on or admission of liability. After the order was
recorded, the plaintiff submitted to medical examinations by medical experts
appointed by the defendant.

4 On 2 November 2011, the plaintiff was examined by Dr Quah Boon Long, a
paediatric ophthalmologist. After Dr Quah had examined the plaintiff’s eyes,
he spoke with her father and requested that both parents subject themselves to
eye examinations as they could have been suffering from hereditary eye defects
which in turn affected the plaintiff’s eyes. The plaintiff’s father declined
the request.

5 On 10 November 2011, the plaintiff was examined by Associate Professor
Lourdes Mary Daniel, a neonatologist and developmental paediatrician.
Following her examination of the plaintiff, A/Prof Daniel requested that the
plaintiff be examined by a psychologist and an ENT specialist in order to
assist in the preparation of her expert opinion on the plaintiff’s overall
medical and functional condition. This request was conveyed by the defendant’s
solicitors to the plaintiff solicitors via two letters dated 10 and 11
November 2011.

6 At this point, the defendant alleges that the plaintiff went back on her
agreement to subject herself to all medical examinations by the defendant’s
appointed medical examiners. On 18 November 2011, the plaintiff’s solicitors
wrote and informed the defendant’s solicitors that further medical
examinations will be subject to the following conditions:

(a)

The defendant providing a complete list of the areas and issues for which
medical examinations are to be conducted;

(b)

That further medical examinations are not to address the issue of liability;
and

(c)

Disclosure of all medical reports and medical records that arise from the
medical examinations.

7 Between 23 November 2011 and 26 January 2012, solicitors exchanged numerous
letters. The ensuing correspondence between solicitors may be briefly
summarised. The defendant did not agree to the conditions that the plaintiff
sought to impose, in particular the disclosure of medical reports and records.
The defendant’s solicitors did provide a brief explanation of the necessity of
the further medical examinations via their letter dated 23 November 2011:

… the requirement for the medical assessments of the Plaintiff by our medical
experts is only that the assessments to be conducted are “reasonable”. There
is no need for us to provide a “detailed list” as such.

That said, we can briefly outline what our experts have been asked to do. Dr
Quah Boon Leong is a paediatric ophthalmologist who will give his input, inter
alia, on the nature of the patient’s eye condition which developed during her
infancy. (Your client has already been examined by Dr Quan on 2 November
2011.) With regard to the scope of Associate Professor Lourdes Mary Daniel
(“A/Prof Daniel”)’s assessment, we have already replied in a previous query
from Gurdaib, Cheong and Partners by our letter dated 1 November 2011. As for
the psychological assessment, this was requested for by both A/Prof Daniel and
Dr Pratibha Agrawal (who does not need to examine the Plaintiff physically) in
order for them to provide their opinion as to how the Plaintiff’s medical
condition has materially affected her mental and overall developmental health.
The ENT assessment required by A/Prof Daniel is to assist in her overall
assessment of the Plaintiff’s developmental health as well. (Your client has
already been examined by A/Prof Daniel on 10 November 2011.)

8 Further details of the necessity of these medical examinations were
contained in an electronic mail between the defendant’s solicitors and A/Prof
Daniel’s department of neonatology dated 17 February 2012, disclosed in an
affidavit filed by the defendant in support of this application.

(a) On the necessity for an examination by an ENT specialist, A/Prof Daniel’s
explanation was:

Extremely low birth weight infants are at risk of hearing impairment, which is
unrelated to the ROP. This will also affect her functional ability. There will
definitely be 1 – 2 doctor’s visit and 1 audiological assessment.

(b) On the necessity for a psychological examination, her explanation was:

I have been asked to provide my opinion of her current functional and academic
abilites [_sic_]. This will require a full cognitive assessment, achievement
testing, literacy skills and adaptive skills. This will require at least 2
visits of 2 hours each.

9 These explanations were paraphrased and set out in the affidavit filed in
support of this application by the defendant’s solicitors dated 17 February
2012, at [34] – [35]:

34\. I understand from A/Prof Daniel that the nature and scope of the further
examinations and/or assessments on the Plaintiff to be conducted by the
psychologist, the otolaryngologist and the language assessor are set out
below:

(a) As for the psychology examination by Dr Catherine Cox, this would involve
a cognitive assessment, achievement testing, tests as to literacy skills and
adaptive skills, which would require at least two visits lasting 2 hours each;

(b) As for the ENT assessment by A/Prof Henry Tan, this would involve an
audiological assessment and tests relating to the Plaintiff’s functional
hearing ability, requiring 1 to 2 visits; and

(c) As for the language assessment, 2 visits would be required.

35\. I understand from A/Prof Daniel that further examinations are necessary
in order to determine the Plaintiff’s functional hearing ability, which is a
risk that faces extremely low birth weight infants, and to determine the
Plaintiff’s current functional and academic abilities as to reading, writing,
use of language and other adaptive skills. …

10 Apart from this affidavit filed by the defendant’s solicitors in support of
the application, none of the medical examiners identified, and in particular
A/Prof Daniel who ordered the further medical examinations, filed any
affidavits providing more detailed explanations of what the further medical
examinations entailed or how they were relevant to the determination of the
quantum of damages to be awarded for the ROP.

11 As parties were not able to come to an agreement on the terms for future
medical examination, the defendant applied for a stay of these proceedings
until the psychological examination, ENT examination and language assessments
on the plaintiff are completed.

Summary of issues

12 The issues raised in the application before me may be summarised as
follows. First, in a case where medical examination is necessary and the
patient is unwilling to subject herself to medical examination, either
unconditionally or on terms that parties agree, whether the court should stay
the action or direct that the patient subject herself to medical examination.
Second, whether the medical examinations requested by the defendant are
reasonable and whether sufficient explanation of their nature, scope and
necessity has been provided. Third, whether the plaintiff had acted
unreasonably by seeking to impose a condition that she be supplied with copies
of the medical reports that are prepared by the medical examiners for the
defendant arising from the medical examinations.

Whether a stay of proceedings or an order for medical examination is the
appropriate measure

13 In the application before me, the defendant prays that there be a stay of
proceedings until completion of all reasonable medical examinations that are
reasonably required, or alternatively, completion of a psychological
examination, an ENT examination and 2 language assessments. During
submissions, I had queried counsel as to whether an application for a stay is
appropriate in light of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act (SCJA), which specifically provides that the High Court has _inter alia_
the power to order medical examination:

**Ordering medical examination**

19\. Power to order medical examination of a person who is a party to any
proceedings where the physical or mental condition of the person is relevant
to any matter in question in the proceedings.

14 It was common ground between parties that the court could order the
plaintiff to undergo medical examination if it was reasonable to do so.
Counsel for the defendant cited the UK Court of Appeal decision in _Edmeades v
Thames Board Mills Ltd_ [1969] 2 QB 67 and paragraph 40A/1/3 of the Singapore
Civil Procedure (2007 Ed) as precedents that a stay of proceedings was the
traditional prayer under English law. The recent decision in _Li Siu_ _Lun v
Looi Kok Poh_ [2012] SGHCR 4 was also cited as having adopted this approach.
However, counsel for the defendant stated that he did not necessarily adopt
the reasoning in the _Li Siu_ _Lun_ case as part of his arguments. His
submission was that the court can make an order for medical examination and
need not order a stay of proceedings.

15 In the _Li Siu_ _Lun_ case, the Assistant Registrar had considered whether
she had the power to order a medical examination and concluded that she had
the power to do so: see _Li Siu_ _Lun v Looi Kok Poh_ , at [14] – [19]. I
agree with and adopt her reasoning.

16 The Assistant Registrar proceeded to consider the competing interests
between the plaintiff’s right to personal liberty and the defendant’s right to
defend himself in litigation, before concluding that an order for direct
examination may not be appropriate as the defendant’s right to defend himself
is sufficiently protected by an order for a stay of proceedings, at [24]:

I am thus of the view that the court’s power to order a medical examination
only comprises the power to order a Stay and not a Direct Order.

17 I find that I am unable to agree with this latter conclusion. The court’s
power to order a medical examination is clearly stated in paragraph 19 of the
First Schedule to the SCJA. Paragraph 9 of the same Schedule deals with the
court’s power to order a stay of proceedings:

**Stay of proceedings**

9\. Power to dismiss or stay proceedings where the matter in question is res
judicata between the parties, or where by reason of multiplicity of
proceedings in any court or courts or by reason of a court in Singapore not
being the appropriate forum the proceedings ought not to be continued.

18 On a plain reading of the Schedule, it is clear that the legislative
draftsman was aware of the distinction between an order for stay of
proceedings and an order for medical examination, and had used clear language
in different provisions to express which of these powers the court was
intended to wield.

19 As noted by the Assistant Registrar, “in English law, there is no statutory
power enabling the court to order a medical examination”: _Li Siu_ _Lun v Looi
Kok Poh_ , at [14]. I am therefore reluctant to place the same level of
reliance on English authorities and in so doing, restrict myself solely to the
common law solution of a stay of proceedings when I have available to me
specific powers to order medical examination under the SCJA.

20 Any concerns that an order for medical examination may be intrusive and
offends the plaintiff’s right to personal liberty may be addressed by
considering the reasonableness of the medical examination that is sought. Much
will depend on the issues in the case, eg the nature of the disease or injury,
and the procedures that patient is required to undergo during the medical
examination. A helpful classification of the range of possible medical
examinations may be found in _Prescott v Bulldog Tools Ltd_ [1981] 3 All ER
869, at 874:

For my part I would only distinguish between the following examinations:
first, an examination which does not involve any serious technical assault,
but involving only invasion of privacy; second, an examination involving some
technical assault, such as a palpation; third, an examination involving a
substantial assault but without involving discomfort and risk; fourth, the
same, that is to say a substantial assault, but involving discomfort and risk;
and fifth, an examination involving risk of injury or to health.

21 To the classifications above, I propose to add a sixth, medical
examinations that go beyond assaults and require the provision of blood or
tissue samples by the patient. The reasonableness of each medical examination
has to be assessed within the factual matrix of the case. This will ensure
that the plaintiff’s right to personal liberty is properly balanced against
the defendant’s right to defend the claim. “I can see no reason in principle
why one right should be regarded as more important than another.” _Per_
Webster J in _Prescott v Bulldog Tools Ltd_ , at p 857C.

22 Further, it is the plaintiff who has chosen to commence the action against
the defendant. It would be unfair to the defendant if the plaintiff, unwilling
to submit herself to medical examination, is not compelled to do so but the
action is merely stayed. The situation would be wholly unsatisfactory for the
defendant. The plaintiff may change his mind and continue with the action at
anytime. The defendant has to live with the uncertainty of a suit hanging
overhead like the sword of Damocles and the stigma of a suit commenced against
him but without a final determination.

23 Additionally, a stay is also an unsatisfactory measure from the perspective
of the court’s management of its cases. Where possible, cases should be
shepherded towards a determination on the merits and parties are handed a
final and conclusive outcome. A stay of proceedings is a temporary measure
that neither touches the merits nor provides parties with a determinative
resolution of their dispute. An order for medical examination would, on the
other hand, usher the case towards a determination on the merits.

24 However, this is not to say that a stay of proceedings can never be
ordered. A stay is the common law’s solution and it should remain available to
the courts in an appropriate case, where the interests of justice are best
served by a stay of proceedings. Hence, my conclusion is that the courts may
order a party to undergo medical examination; and should do so where the
medical examination is reasonable and will enable the action to proceed
towards a determination on the merits. The common law solution of a stay of
proceedings is not the only course available to the courts nor should it be
the course of first resort.

Whether an order for medical examination should be made

25 Having come to the conclusion that a medical examination may be ordered, I
turn to consider whether it is reasonable to order medical examination in this
case. In considering this issue, I adopt the following approach: First,
whether there is a binding agreement between parties that the plaintiff will
submit herself to all medical examinations that the defendant requests. In the
absence of such binding agreement, whether the defendant has shown that the
medical examinations he has requested are reasonable. If the medical
examinations are reasonable, whether there are any countervailing interests
(eg protecting the patient’s right to medical confidentiality or right to
medical records) that renders the plaintiff’s imposition of the condition –
that she be supplied with copies of the medical reports arising from the
medical examinations – reasonable in the circumstances.

Whether there is a binding agreement for the plaintiff to submit herself to
all medical examinations requested by the defendant

26 The defendant pitches its case for the application thus: that the parties
had agreed for the plaintiff to undergo all medical examinations by the
defendant’s appointed experts, but the plaintiff is now seeking to impose _ex
post facto_ conditions before proceeding with further medical examinations.
The plaintiff denies that there was such an agreement and argues that the
medical examinations now sought by the defendants are unreasonable.

27 There has not been produced before me any evidence that documents an
agreement of the nature asserted by the defendant. The order of court dated 18
August 2011 that records the parties’ consent to proceed with assessment of
damages without any finding of liability does not contain any order that the
plaintiff is to undergo all medical examinations requested by the defendant.
From the papers before me, I am able to identify two letters from the
plaintiff’s solicitors that, to my mind, amount to two separate agreements for
the plaintiff to be examined by Dr Quah and A/Prof Daniel. The plaintiff did
in fact attend at the clinics of Dr Quah and A/Prof Daniel for medical
examinations on 2 and 10 November 2011 respectively. It was after the medical
examination on 10 November 2011, when the defendant requested the present set
of further medical examinations, that the plaintiff attempted to impose
conditions before subjecting herself to further medical examination.

28 From my perusal of the correspondence, I am of the view that there is no
evidence of the existence of an agreement of the broad nature that the
defendant asserts. The conduct of parties leads me to conclude that any
agreement to undergo medical examination is reached as each request is made.
For the present set of medical examinations, it is clear to me that parties
had not reached any agreement.

Whether the further medical examinations requested by the defendant are
reasonable

29 Since parties have not reached any form of agreement for the present set of
medical examinations, I turn to consider whether these medical examinations
are reasonable.

30 Parties do not dispute that the medical examinations requested by the
defendant should be ordered only if they are reasonable. The test of
reasonableness has been adopted by the UK Court of Appeal since _Edmeades v
Thames Board Mills Ltd_ [1969] 2 QB 67 – _per_ Lord Denning MR, at p 71: “The
question in this case is simply whether the request was reasonable or not.” –
and _Lane v Willis_ [1972] 1 WLR 326, _per_ Sachs LF, at p 333:

The principles upon which a court should, in aid of obtaining a medical
examination of one of the parties to an action, act ... are by now clear ...
it should only be granted when it is reasonable in the interests of justice so
to order. When the refusal of a medical examination is alleged to be
unreasonable, the onus lies on the party who says it is unreasonable and who
applies for the order to show ... that he is unable properly to prepare his
claim (or defence) without that examination.

31 The approach that ought to be taken was laid down in _Starr v National Coal
Board_ [1977] 1 WLR 63 by Scarman LJ, at pp 70–71: An order for a stay of
proceedings – or in our context, an order for medical examination – involves
the exercise of judicial discretion. In exercising its discretion, the court
has to ensure that the plaintiff’s right to personal liberty is properly
balanced against the defendant’s right to defend the claim. The court should
first consider the reasonableness of the defendant’s request. Next, the court
should examine the reasonableness of the plaintiff’s refusal. Reasonableness
of parties’ conduct has to be assessed with regard to the facts and
circumstances of each case.

32 As I have concluded above, there was no broad agreement that the plaintiff
will submit herself to all medical examinations requested by the defendant.
Leaving aside the two prior agreements for the plaintiff to be examined by Dr
Quah and A/Prof Daniel, as well as Dr Quah’s request made to the plaintiff’s
father during the medical examination on 2 November 2011, the request for this
set of further medical examinations was raised by letters dated 10 and 11
November 2011. A perusal of these letters discloses no reasons for the nature,
scope or necessity for these further medical examinations, save that they were
asserted to be necessary as part of A/Prof Daniel’s overall assessment of the
plaintiff. The plaintiff sought to impose conditions by letter dated 18
November 2011, thereby putting the reasonableness of the further medical
examination in issue and seeking _inter alia_ disclosure of the areas and
issues to be covered by the further medical examinations, and to restrict any
further medical examination that touches on liability.

33 At this juncture, I make the observation that the defendant had not
provided sufficient information to enable the plaintiff to give her consent to
the further medical examination. If matters proceeded no further, I would not
have any reservations in holding that the defendant’s request was
unreasonable. However, some explanation of the necessity for the further
medical examinations was provided by letter dated 23 November 2011. The
necessity for the psychological assessment is to show how the plaintiff’s ROP
had materially affected her mental and overall developmental health. The ENT
assessment is to assist A/Prof Daniel’s overall assessment of the plaintiff’s
developmental health.

34 Although parties corresponded and were able to achieve compromises on two
of the conditions – as documented by letter from the plaintiff’s counsel dated
28 November 2011 and letter from the defendant’s counsel dated 6 January 2012
– no agreement was reached on the plaintiff’s condition that she be supplied
with copies of the medical reports arising from the further medical
examinations. It was only in the affidavit filed by the defendant’s solicitors
in support of this application that further explanations were provided as to
the necessity of the further medical examinations:

(a) An ENT examination is necessary as “extremely low birth weight infants are
at risk of hearing impairment, _which is unrelated to the ROP_.” (Emphasis
mine.)

(b) The psychological examination involves “a full cognitive assessment,
achievement testing, literacy skills and adaptive skills.” The defendant
asserts that this is necessary to enable A/Prof Daniel to provide an opinion
of the plaintiff’s current functional and academic abilities.

35 No explanation was provided for the necessity for the language assessment
except that 2 visits would be required. No affidavits were filed by any of the
medical examiners to provide more detailed explanations of the nature, scope
and necessity for the further medical examinations. During submissions,
counsel for the defendant submitted that these further examinations were
necessary to establish what he referred to as a baseline. As I understand the
submission, the defendant seeks to establish the disabilities – if one may be
permitted to use this word – that are attributable to the plaintiff’s
premature birth with an extremely low birth weight. In essence, the defendant
is seeking to show that some of the plaintiff’s disabilities are due to the
ROP and some due to her premature birth.

36 Counsel for the plaintiff was quick to point out that this re-opens the
issues relating to liability in contravention of the spirit of the consent
order entered under Order 36, rule 2. He further argues that his client had
acted reasonably by consenting to and proceeding with the initial medical
examinations by Dr Quah and A/Prof Daniel. The request by Dr Quah to examine
the plaintiff’s parents for hereditary eye defects and these further medical
examinations – which are not immediately obvious as relevant to the ROP and
for which no or insufficient explanation had been provided – caused the
plaintiff to suspect that they were re-opening liability issues.

37 The authorities require that I examine the reasonableness of the
defendant’s request for further medical examination. I can dispose of the
requests for language assessments quickly. No explanations have been provided
and the relevance of language abilities to disabilities associated with the
ROP – which is a disease of the eye – is not immediately obvious. I am
therefore of the view that insufficient information has been provided for the
necessity of the language assessment and do find that the request to be
unreasonable.

38 Next, I turn to the ENT examination. As quoted from A/Prof Daniel’s e-mail,
hearing impairment is a risk associated with premature birth at extremely low
birth weight. This is unrelated to the ROP. A/Prof Daniel states in his email
that the ENT examination is necessary to assist his determination of the
plaintiff’s current functional abilities. As for the psychological
examination, A/Prof Daniel also states that this is necessary to assist his
determination of the plaintiff’s current functional and academic abilities.
Based on these brief statements, I can imagine that an assessment of the
plaintiff’s current functional abilities is necessary in order to establish
her level of disabilities and the damages that she ought to recover.

39 However, submissions from counsel for the defendant were that the further
medical examinations were intended to help establish a baseline. As I
understand the functions of baselines, they are for the purpose of
establishing a basis for comparison. What is unclear to me is whether the
approach is to establish a baseline of the plaintiff for the purpose of
comparing with a future assessment, or for the purpose of comparing with other
children of similar age but not afflicted by ROP. I am unable to understand
how a baseline established now can be used to distinguish between disabilities
attributable to ROP and those attributable to premature birth with extremely
low birth weight. A detailed explanation of the purpose of establishing a
baseline was not provided through expert affidavit; and A/Prof Daniel’s e-mail
provided no assistance in this regard.

40 The onus ought to be on the defendant to show that the nature and scope of
the further medical examinations are reasonable by demonstrating how they are
necessary to assist the court’s determination of the measure of damages. Apart
from an e-mail from A/Prof Daniel, no affidavits from any of the appointed
medical examiners have been filed. There mere assertion that the further
medical examinations are reasonable in the affidavit filed by the defendant’s
solicitors in support of this application is insufficient. Without further
explanations of the nature, scope and necessity for the ENT and psychological
examination, I am of the view that the defendant has not shown that his
request was reasonably made.

Whether the plaintiff’s imposition of condition that she be supplied with
copies of medical reports arising from the medical examinations is reasonable

41 In the event that I am wrong in my earlier conclusion that there was no
broad agreement that the plaintiff will subject herself to all medical
examinations by the defendant’s appointed medical examiners or my conclusion
that the defendant’s request for further medical examinations was not
reasonably made, I turn now to consider whether the plaintiff’s imposition of
the condition that she be supplied with copies of the medical reports prepared
by the appointed medical examiners for the defendant is reasonable.

42 The main arguments raised in support of this condition are that the
plaintiff has a right to know, first, on the basis that she is the patient and
second, for the purpose of enabling her to engage her own medical experts for
a second opinion if necessary. Counsel for the plaintiff’s submissions on this
point are that the plaintiff, as a patient, has a right to medical
confidentiality to prevent his physician from disclosing the details of his
diagnosis to a third party. He is therefore entitled to impose a condition to
be supplied with a copy of the medical report that is prepared by his
physician for the defendant before submitting to further medical examination.
She had undergone two earlier medical examinations without imposing any
conditions and had consented to releasing the medical report to the defendant.
Those were obvious to her to be necessary for the assessment of damages.
However, she no longer so consents for the further medical examinations, as
these do not appear to her to be necessary for the assessment of damages, nor
has their necessity been sufficiently explained to her. Further, she had been
advised that these appear to re-open the issue of liability, contrary to the
intent of the consent order under Order 36, rule 2 that parties had entered.

43 The plaintiff relies on the following passage by Lord Denning MR in _Clarke
v Martlew_ [1973] 1 QB 58 to support her submission that it is reasonable for
her to require that copies of the medical reports arising from the further
medical examinations be supplied to her as a condition for undergoing them:

This is the first case in which a defendant who seeks a medical examination of
the plaintiff has claimed to be able to keep the medical report secret, or, at
any rate, to have it in his option whether to show it to the plaintiff or not.
He says it is like the proof of a witness. It is privileged from disclosure
unless the privilege is waived. I think this argument is unsound. It is the
defendant who seeks a privilege – he seeks to have a medical examination of
the plaintiff – and I do not think he should have this privilege unless he is
prepared to act fairly by it. Fairness requires that he should show it to the
plaintiff. In all the cases where the courts have allowed the defendant to
have a medical examination of the plaintiff – and ordered a stay until it is
given – it has been assumed that the defendant will show the report to the
plaintiff.

44 Her further submissions are that disclosure of the medical reports is
necessary to enable her to discover the purpose of these further medical
examinations as she had not been informed of their nature, scope or necessity.
She may then engage her own medical expert for a second opinion. This was all
rendered necessary by reason of the defendant’s failure to provide sufficient
explanation of the nature, scope and necessity of these further medical
examinations.

45 The defendant’s main argument is that the medical reports are prepared for
the dominant purpose of litigation and therefore subject to litigation
privilege. The imposition of a condition that amounts to a deprivation of the
right to litigation privilege is unreasonable. The defendant relies on
Hodgkinson & James, _Expert Evidence: Law and Practice_ (3rd Ed), at [22-005]
to support his submissions:

The examinee may agree to be medically examined, but on some condition, … The
courts have steadfastedly refused to countenance such a manipulation of the
litigation process. … [I]n _Hookham v Wiggins Teape Fine Papers Limited_ the
Court of Appeal stayed a claim where the claimant agreed to submit to a
medical examination by the defendant’s expert only on condition that the
resultant medical report was disclosed to the claimant or his legal advisers.
…

…

It may be added that, in general, the imposition of such a condition would
also unreasonably infringe the defendant’s right to claim privilege over the
report …

46 Further, the defendant submits that the line of cases starting from _Clarke
v Martlew_ is no longer good law insofar as they relate to the reciprocal
disclosure of medical reports. As held by the UK Court of Appeal in _Megarity
v DJ Ryan & Sons Ltd_ [1980] 1 WLR 1237, these cases were decided before the
UK Rules of Court were amended to require that expert reports be exchanged.
These cases were therefore best understood as the court’s attempt to ensure
fairness and reciprocity by compelling the disclosure and exchange of expert
reports; _per_ Bean J in _McGinley v Burke_ [1973] 1 WLR 990, at p 993F:

… the plaintiff must at least offer reciprocity. If his advisers require to
see a copy of the defendant’s medical reports as a condition of a particular
examination, they must be prepared to offer an exchange of their own
equivalent report upon which they propose to rely.

47 With the modernisation of the UK Rules of Court to compel the exchange of
expert reports that parties intend to rely on at the trial, there is no longer
any need to “engraft a qualification upon the doctrine of privilege” _per_
Roskill LJ in _Causton v Mann Egerton Ltd_ [1974] 1 WLR 162, at p 170D.

48 Having considered the submissions of counsel, I accept the arguments put
forth by counsel for the defendant. Order 40A of our Rules of Court installs a
similar regime for the disclosure of expert reports that parties intend to
rely on at trial; other reports are subject to litigation privilege and need
not be disclosed. As noted by Roskill LJ in _Causton v Mann Egerton Ltd_ , at
p170D, “[m]edical reports are in no different category from other expert
reports”.

49 The more recent authorities from _Megarity v DJ Ryans & Sons Ltd_ onwards
consider that, with the procedures in place to compel disclosure of medical
reports that parties intend to rely on at the trial, the onus is on the
plaintiff who seeks the benefits of litigation to act reasonably. The
imposition of a condition that subtracts from the defendant his right to claim
privilege over the medical reports is considered to be unreasonable.

50 I find myself in agreement with the defendant’s counsel – viz that _Clarke
v Martlew_ and the cases that followed are no longer good law insofar as they
relate to the reciprocal disclosure of medical reports – since the principle
of fairness and reciprocity that these cases sought to enforce are now
properly safeguarded by the procedural rules established to govern the role of
experts and disclosure of their expert reports. I think that the weight of the
authorities are now in favour of allowing the defendant to assert privilege
over the medical reports, save that should he decide to use them in the trial,
he has to disclose them. I am therefore of the view that the condition sought
to be imposed by the plaintiff is unreasonable.

51 Before I leave this point, I deal briefly with the plaintiff’s condition
for disclosure of the examining doctor’s medical notes. This condition was set
out in the plaintiff’s letter dated 18 November 2011 and in written
submissions, but was not pursued seriously during oral submissions. I need
only note that it is trite law that medical records and notes belong to the
examining doctor, and the defendant has no legal right to them unless the
terms of appointment confer a contractual right, viz the examining doctor’s
medical records and notes are not within the defendant’s power. If the
plaintiff wishes to have them, then the proper mode for compelling disclosure
would be third party discovery against the examining doctor.

Whether the plaintiff is entitled to the medical reports arising from the
medical examinations

52 During the course of submissions, counsel for the plaintiff pressed the
argument vigorously that it was open for me to adopt the approach of the
_Clarke v Martlew_ line of cases that emphasised fairness and reciprocity to
compel disclosure of the medical reports. The arguments may be summarised
thus. First, the defendant obtains a privilege when the plaintiff subjects
himself to medical examination. Hence, in fairness to the plaintiff, he should
be supplied with a copy of the medical report. Second, modern litigation, and
in particular personal injury claims, are fought with all cards on the table.
It is therefore unfair that the plaintiff is not supplied with a copy of the
medical report, or that the defendant is entitled to withhold it. This leads
on to the third point: that the examining doctor and the plaintiff have a
physician-patient relationship and the patient is entitled to know what the
medical conclusions of the examining doctor are. Hence, the plaintiff ought to
be supplied with a copy of the medical report.

53 This touches on the issue of the true nature of the relationship between
the plaintiff and the examining doctor, and whether the plaintiff has any
expectation of medical confidentiality when she submits to medical
examination. The defendant proffered the expert opinion of Dr Thirumoorthy
Thamotharampillai, who is offered as an expert in the area of medical ethics,
professionalism and health law. Dr Thirumoorthy draws a distinction between
the role of a physician who is acting as an examining doctor from when he is
acting as a treating doctor. As a treating doctor, the physician assumes a
therapeutic role, employing his professional skills for diagnosis and
treatment of the patient. The patient’s medical welfare and interest is
paramount. As an examining doctor, he has to balance the patient’s welfare
against the interest of the person instructing him for the examination. He has
to be objective and fair to both:

Before the examination, the consent obtained from the patient being examined
must be informed and explicit, and preferably written/documented. The standard
of consent has to be higher than that in the therapeutic relationship as it is
not supported by medical beneficence – the medical report or expert opinion
issued by a doctor in an examiner’s role may or may not benefit the patient’s
health or his legal proceedings.

54 The examining doctor has to provide information on the nature of the
examination and the purpose of the report in obtaining informed consent. He
is, however, not expected to provide therapy or follow-up treatment. From his
perspective as a medical practitioner, the traditional doctor-patient
relationship does not exist between patient and examining doctor. However, if
the examining doctor discovers anything of medical significance to the
patient’s health that the patient is unaware of, he has a duty to inform the
patient.

55 On the matter of the medical report, Dr Thirumoorthy’s view is that “[i]t
would be appropriate to discuss whether the patient would receive a copy of
the report.” However, the examining doctor “is entitled to furnish his report
directly to the third party who had commissioned it without also providing the
patient a copy.” I note that Dr Thirumoorthy does not say categorically that
the patient is not entitled to a copy of the medical report.

56 The plaintiff did not proffer any contrary expert opinion and accepts the
expert opinion of Dr Thirumoorthy on medical practice, but not his legal
conclusion that medical confidentiality does not feature in the relationship
between patient and examining doctor. It appears to me, on the basis of Dr
Thirumoorthy’s expert opinion, that medical practitioners do not consider that
any duty of medical confidentiality arises in the case of a patient attending
before an examining doctor who has been instructed by a third party. The
medical profession does not consider that a traditional doctor-patient
relationship exists.

57 As no contrary medical expert opinion has been offered, I am bound to
accept Dr Thirumoorthy’s expert opinion on the medical practice. There is
support for this conclusion in the following passage from Yeo Khee Quan, et
al, _Essentials of Medical Law_ (2004), at [7.193]:

A traditional doctor-patient relationship is not created when, at the request
of a third party, an independent medical examiner (IME) examines an individual
he or she is not otherwise treating.

58 Similarly, the Medical Council of New Zealand’s _Non-Treating Doctors
Performing Medical Assessments of Patients for Third Parties_ echoes a similar
view, at [7]: “The basis of the relationship between the patient and assessing
doctor is not the same as an established doctor-patient relationship …”.
Again, the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario’s Policy Statement
#3-09, _Third Party Reports: Reports by Treating Physicians and Independent
Medical Examiners_ , at 6: “A treating relationship is not created when an
independent medical examiner examines an examinee for the purposes of a third
party report.”

59 As the duty of medical confidentiality is the hall mark of the traditional
physician-patient relationship, and medical practitioners do not consider that
a traditional physician-patient relationship exists between a patient and the
examining doctor, the legal conclusion ought to be that no duty of medical
confidentiality arises. According to Dr Thirumoorthy, the physician’s
professional duty of medical beneficence underpins the traditional physician-
patient relationship – viz that the physician’s therapeutic role requires that
he employs his professional skills for the medical welfare and interest of the
patient. The duty of medical confidentiality is therefore necessary to ensure
that the patient may disclose information in confidence to his treating
physician, in order to permit the treating physician to discharge his
professional duties.

60 Since the traditional physician-patient relationship does not arise between
the plaintiff and the examining doctor, the plaintiff cannot assert medical
confidentiality to prevent the disclosure of the medical report to the
defendant. Flowing from this, the examining doctor may provide a medical
report to the instructing third party without reference to or consent of the
patient. Does it follow that the patient is therefore not entitled to a copy
of the medical report? The weight of the authorities on this issue is clear:
the patient cannot impose a condition that she be supplied a copy of the
medical report before she submits to the medical examination.

61 However, this is not to say that she cannot make the request directly to
the examining doctor to be provided with a medical report – not necessarily a
copy of the medical report that was prepared for the instructing third party,
but a medical report prepared by the examining doctor for the patient based on
his examination of her. The rule that there is no property in witnesses
applies to both factual and expert witnesses: _Harmony Shipping Co SA v Saudi
Europe Line Ltd_ [1979] 1 WLR 1380. To my mind, it is open to the plaintiff to
do so, and the examining doctor may prepare and furnish a separate report
based on his medical records and notes, so long as he does not disclose the
privileged opinions he had provided to the plaintiff in his medical report to
the defendant. But this is not what the plaintiff seeks.

62 Can the plaintiff nevertheless request for a copy of the medical report
prepared by the examining doctor for the defendant? There is some basis to
suggest that this is possible. The College of Physicians and Surgeons of
Ontario’s Policy Statement #3-09, _Third Party Reports: Reports by Treating
Physicians and Independent Medical Examiners_ , at p 7, states the following
with respect to third party reports:

ii) Access to Reports

Physicians should be aware that after the report has been submitted to the
third party, patients or examinees may contact physicians directly to request
a copy of the report or a copy of documents relied upon when preparing the
report.

Physicians must comply with any statutory obligations they may have to provide
access to reports, documents or notes. …

63 The medical report, having been prepared for the dominant purpose of
litigation, is subject to litigation privilege. However, this does not mean
that the entire report is subject to privilege. As noted by Andrew Phang JA in
_Skandinaviska_ _Enskilda_ _Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 367, at [100]:

[I]n situations where part of the document contains privileged material, and
the remaining part is unprivileged, _and_ where the _unprivileged part is
separable from, and is not integral to_ , the privileged part of the document,
then redaction of the privileged parts may be carried out and the rest of the
document revealed to the opposing party through the usual discovery process. …
In short, parties should be slow to claim privilege for entire documents where
there is only partial or even trifling reference to legal advice or
communications leading to the giving or obtaining of legal advice, _and/or
(and this is of particular importance) where the ostensibly non-privileged
parts do not play an integral role in the context of the relevant legal
analysis_.

64 Therefore, can it ever be said that the imposition of a condition for the
disclosure of the non-privileged part of the medical report is permissible?
Particularly in light of the plaintiff’s submission that, given the lack of
prior explanation of the nature, scope and necessity of the further medical
examination, disclosure is necessary in order that she may be able to instruct
her own medical experts. In other words, can an order be made that a redacted
copy of the medical report be furnished to the plaintiff?

65 Such an order may be made based on the proposition of law in
_Skandinaviska_ _Enskilda_ _Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd_. However, this need not be the only solution to
the present conundrum. To my mind, this is unnecessary in this case as the
court can order that a list of issues for medical expert opinion be furnished
by the defendant to enable the plaintiff to properly instruct his medical
expert. This will also ensure that the medical experts’ opinions cross swords.
Further, an order may be made excluding expert opinion that has not been set
out in the list of issues for medical expert opinion. This operates within the
scheme for parties’ experts as established by Order 40A. This will also be
more effective a means of disclosure and limiting medical expert opinion
evidence than furnishing a redacted version of the medical report.

66 In any event, I have made the observation that the plaintiff is at liberty
to contact the defendant’s appointed medical expert for the purpose of
engaging him to provide a separate and independent medical report based on his
examination of the plaintiff. This is possible as there is no property in
witnesses and the notes of the examination belongs to the medical examiner,
although professional courtesy and standard of conduct may require that the
defendant be kept informed. In preparing his separate report for the
plaintiff, the medical examiner should ensure that he does not disclose any
privilege opinions that he has provided to the defendant.

Conclusion

67 I am grateful for the helpful submissions of counsel. I conclude by
summarising that I do not find that there had been any broad agreement that
the plaintiff submits to all medical examinations requested by the defendant.
Agreement is reached on each request. Orders for medical examination are a
matter for discretion to be exercised judicially. The defendant’s request has
to be reasonable. He must provide sufficient explanation of the nature, scope
and necessity of the medical examination to the issues in dispute. In this
case, no affidavit from the appointed medical examiners had been filed. There
was no explanation of the relevance of the language assessments to the ROP;
there was scant explanation of the relevance of the ENT and psychological
examination, which were to establish the plaintiff’s current functional and
academic abilities. During submissions, it was explained that this was to
establish a baseline; but the relevance and usefulness of this baseline to the
court’s task of assessing the quantum of damages to be awarded for the ROP is
not immediately obvious nor was it sufficiently explained. I therefore came to
the conclusion that these further medical examinations were not reasonable in
the circumstances. Accordingly, I dismissed the defendant’s application with
costs.

68 In the event that I am wrong in my conclusion that there was no broad
agreement, or that the defendant’s request for further medical examination was
reasonably made, I think that the weight of the authorities is thus: since the
plaintiff has chosen to sue, she cannot act unreasonably by imposing a
condition that she be supplied with copies of the medical reports arising from
the medical examination. The medical reports are prepared for the dominant
purpose of litigation and are protected by litigation privilege. The plaintiff
is not entitled to a copy unless the defendant waives privilege or discloses a
copy of the medical report if he intends to rely on it for the trial. The
traditional physician-patient relationship does not arise between the
plaintiff and the examining doctor and the plaintiff cannot assert medical
confidentiality to prevent the disclosure of the medical report to the
defendant. There being no property in witnesses, it may be open to her to make
a separate request to the examining doctor to prepare a separate and
independent report of the examination, provided that the defendant is kept
informed and the medical examiner takes care not to disclose privileged
opinion he had provided to the defendant. However, if the purpose is to ensure
that the plaintiff is able to seek an independent medical expert opinion that
will squarely address the areas covered by the examining doctor’s medical
report, then it may be preferable that the court directs that the areas of
medical expert opinion be disclosed by the defendant or agreed between parties
within the framework governing parties’ experts established in Order 40A.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

