Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Orchard Capital I Ltd _v_ Ravindra Kumar Jhunjhunwala  
[2012] SGCA 16

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 106 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lai Yew Fei and Khelvin Xu Cunhan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
the appellant; Patrick Chin Meng Liong (Chin Patrick & Co) and R S Wijaya (R S
Wijaya & Co) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Orchard Capital I Ltd — Ravindra Kumar Jhunjhunwala  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 185.]

24 February 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court Judge (“the Judge”)
in _Orchard Capital I Limited v Ravindra Kumar Jhunjhunwala_ [2011] SGHC 185
(“the GD”). The Respondent had applied to stay the action brought by the
Appellant against the Respondent. The application was dismissed by an
Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) and the Respondent appealed. The Judge allowed
the appeal and stayed the action _sine die_ with liberty to restore. The
Appellant brought the present appeal against that decision.

2 This is a deceptive case – simple in terms of issue but hugely complex in
terms of legal principles. Pared down to its essence, we have on the one hand
a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause that points to Hong Kong and, on the
other, the fact that the defendant (who has applied for a stay of the
Singapore action) is resident in Singapore. In such circumstances, ought – and
this is the central issue before this court – the Singapore action to be
stayed on the ground of _forum non conveniens_? To add an ironic twist,
perhaps, the applicable legal principles in relation to _forum non conveniens_
have hitherto been considered to be one of the more well-established areas of
Singapore law in general and the conflict of laws in particular. Whence, then,
does the legal complexity just alluded to originate from?

3 Put simply, the legal complexity lies in ascertaining the legal effect of
non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses in general and the specific clause in
relation to the present appeal in particular. Much of the learning in the
local context (and, dare we say, in the Commonwealth context as well) may be
found in the comprehensive article by one of our leading local legal scholars
in the field (see Yeo Tiong Min, “The Contractual Basis of the Enforcement of
Exclusive and Non-Exclusive Choice of Court Agreements” (2005) 17 SAcLJ 306 (“
_Yeo_ ”)). However, despite the excellent breadth as well as depth of analysis
in this article, many questions remain unanswered. Sadly, some will continue
to remain unanswered as there was no reference by either party either to this
article or (and more specifically) to one central strand of issues. As we
shall see, however, there has – fortuitously, perhaps – been no detrimental
effect in the context of the present appeal based on the facts before us. In
particular, the parties’ arguments were not affected and that part of the
article which could have been (but was not) raised in argument before us did
not (in any event, as we shall see below (at [27])) affect the result of the
present appeal. But, henceforth, lawyers would do well to pay close attention
to this article should an issue relating to jurisdiction clauses, both
exclusive and non-exclusive, arise before the Singapore courts in the future.

4 With these preliminary observations in mind, let us turn briefly to the
background leading to the present appeal. As already alluded to above, it is
in fact very straightforward.

Background

5 The Appellant is an exempt limited liability company registered in the
Cayman Islands.[note: 1] The Appellant is a special purpose vehicle set up to
effect financial investments, specifically in a company known as Orind Global
Holdings Ltd (“OGHL”).[note: 2] The Respondent is a Singaporean Permanent
Resident of Indian nationality.[note: 3] The Respondent carried on the
business of manufacturing and trading in refractories.[note: 4] The Appellant
and the Respondent entered into three contracts in February 2007
(collectively, “the Three Contracts”), comprising a note purchase agreement,
an investment deed, and a 3.5% redeemable exchangeable convertible promissory
note, respectively.[note: 5]

6 According to the Appellant, the Respondent failed to meet his obligations
pursuant to the Three Contracts. In an attempt to resolve matters amicably,
the Appellant and the Respondent entered into a Settlement Agreement (“the
Agreement”) on 28 May 2010. The relevant provisions of the Agreement are as
follows:[note: 6]

**8.** **Payment and Custody Arrangement**

(i) [The Respondent] and OGHL shall as promptly as practicable after the date
of this Agreement and in any event _no later than_ the dates set forth below
deposit USD6,500,000 in freely and immediately available funds to [the
Appellant] to the account detailed at Section 8(v):

(a) no less than USD2,500,000, 6 months following the date of this Agreement;

(b) no less than USD3,500,000, in the aggregate, 8 months following the date
of this Agreement;

(c) no less than USD5,000,000, in the aggregate, 10 months following the date
of this Agreement; and

(d) no less than USD6,500,000, in the aggregate, the one year anniversary of
the date of this Agreement;

…

(iii) Upon any failure of [the Respondent] or OGHL to timely pay any amount in
this Section 8, then in each and every such case, unless such failure to pay
shall have been waived in writing by [the Appellant], in its sole discretion,
(which waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach):
(i) any and all payment obligations outstanding by [the Respondent] and OGHL
under this Agreement shall be immediately become due and payable; (ii) [the
Respondent] and OGHL shall immediately pay any and all amounts outstanding
under this Agreement with all accrued interest thereon in accordance with
Section 8(iv) and any other sums owed hereunder in freely and immediately
available funds to [the Appellant] to the account detailed at Section 8(v) and
(iii) [the Appellant] may enforce any and all of its rights and remedies
provided under this Agreement.

(iv) If any portion of the USD6,500,000 is not paid on October 1, 2010, then
any such unpaid amount shall accrue interest from day to day at a rate of 15%
per annum (or the maximum rate enforceable under applicable law).

…

[underlining in original]

7 As is evident from clause 8(i)(a) of the Agreement above, the Respondent was
to pay the sum of US$2,500,000 to the Appellant by 28 November 2010. The
Respondent allegedly failed to make such payment and so the Appellant
commenced Suit No 8 of 2011 (“S 8/2011”) on 7 January 2011 to enforce its
claim under clause 8(iv) of the Agreement.

8 On 7 March 2011, the Respondent applied to stay S 8/2011 on the ground of
_forum non conveniens_. The crucial clause (_viz_ , the non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause), in respect of the Respondent’s application as well as
the present appeal, is to be found in clause 23 of the Agreement (“the
Clause”) and reads as follows:[note: 7]

**23** **Governing Law**

This Agreement is **_governed by and construed_** in accordance with _the laws
of Hong Kong, SAR_. **_The Parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of
the courts of Hong Kong, SAR._**_The parties_ hereby knowingly, voluntarily
and intentionally **_waive_** _to the fullest extent permitted by law any
rights they may have to_** _trial by jury_** in respect of any litigation
based hereon, or arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

9 The Respondent’s application was heard by the AR on 21 April 2011. He
refused to grant a stay of proceedings.[note: 8] Against this decision, the
Respondent appealed to the High Court.

The decision in the court below

10 The Respondent’s appeal was allowed by the Judge on 3 August 2011. The
Judge’s decision, in granting a stay of proceedings, is encapsulated within
the following paragraphs of the GD (at [3]–[5]):

3 Both parties cited _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC
460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”) in support. It seems clear that the _Spiliada_ requires a
court, in an application for a stay of proceedings application on the ground
of _forum non conveniens_ , to determine on the balance of all competing
factors, which forum would be the more clearly appropriate one. Given that the
action to be stayed was commenced here, the allegation that this was not the
appropriate forum meant that the burden lies with the applicant to show which
was the more appropriate forum.

4 In this case, the only material factors facing off were the fact that the
parties had chosen Hong Kong as the appropriate forum, and the fact that the
appellant and his family are resident here, and he appears to have business in
Singapore although the respondent had acknowledged that the original contracts
were made to further the appellant’s business in “India, China and USA”. The
respondent’s counsel conceded that witness testimony in this case was not
material as the claim would be essentially a construction of the contract. The
original contracts specified Hong Kong to be the exclusive jurisdiction
whereas the settlement agreement specified Hong Kong as the non-exclusive
jurisdiction. Performance under the settlement agreement was to be made by
payment into a Citibank account in America.

5 Generally, when the court is of the view that the factors are evenly
balanced, it would conclude that the defendant had failed to discharge its
burden of proving that there was another more appropriate forum. However, in
the simple and straightforward contest between the two factors here, I am of
the view that the selection of Hong Kong as the jurisdiction of choice was
sufficient discharge of the appellant’s burden, there being no evidence of any
unforeseen circumstances outside the parties’ contemplation at the time the
settlement agreement was concluded, that renders that choice inappropriate or
unjust. It was clear to the parties that the appellant’s business could have
taken him to China, India, USA or here. Further, there is no reason to believe
that the respondent would have any difficulty enforcing a Hong Kong judgment
against the appellant in Singapore. Thus, for the reasons above, the appeal is
allowed and the action herein be stayed _sine die_ with liberty to restore.

Issue

11 The resultant issue is, as set out at the outset of this judgment, a simple
one: ought the action begun by the Appellant to be stayed on the ground of
_forum non conveniens_? The real question, however, hinges on the legal effect
of the Clause (bearing in mind that it is a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause)
– for much will flow from our finding in this particular regard.

The parties’ arguments

The Appellant’s arguments

12 The Appellant contended that the key issue for determination is whether the
Respondent had discharged his burden of proving that Hong Kong is a clearly or
distinctly more appropriate forum than Singapore. This contention was founded
on the well-established test expounded in _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v
Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”). The principles laid down in
_Spiliada_ are an established part of the Singapore legal landscape. As
observed by this court in _JIO Minerals FZC and others v Mineral Enterprises
Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 391 (at [38]-[39]):

38 The general principles to be applied in the context of the present appeal
are well-established and may be traced back to the seminal House of Lords
decision of _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ (“ _Spiliada_ ”).
Indeed, the principles set out in _Spiliada_ have been approved and applied a
great many times by the Singapore courts. The applicable principles were
recently summarised in the decision of this court in _CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner
Kleinwort Ltd_ (“ _CIMB Bank_ ”), as follows (at [25]-[26]):

25 The _locus classicus_ on the question of when a stay would be granted on
the basis of _forum non conveniens_ is _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v
Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (‘ _Spiliada_ ’), a decision of the House of Lords
where Lord Goff of Chieveley, in delivering the leading judgment, laid down
certain guiding principles (at 476-478) for determining the question of _forum
non conveniens_ (‘the _Spiliada_ test’). Those principles have been adopted by
this court in several cases such as _Brinkerhoff Maritime Drilling Corp v PT
Airfast Services Indonesia_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 345, _Eng Liat Kiang v Eng Bak
Hern_ , _PT Hutan Domas Raya v Yue Xiu Enterprises (Holdings) Ltd_ [2001] 1
SLR(R) 104 and _Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1
SLR(R) 377 (‘ _Rickshaw Investments_ ’).

26 The gist of these principles is that, under the doctrine of _forum non
conveniens_ , a stay will only be granted where the court is satisfied that
there is some other available and more appropriate forum for the trial of the
action. The burden of establishing this rests on the defendant and it is not
enough just to show that Singapore is not the natural or appropriate forum.
The defendant must also establish that there is another available forum which
is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore. The natural forum is
one with which the action has the most real and substantial connection. In
this regard, the factors which the court will take into consideration include
not only factors affecting convenience or expense (such as the availability of
witnesses) but also other factors such as the law governing the transaction
and the places where the parties respectively reside or carry on business. If
the court concludes, at this stage of the inquiry (‘stage one of the
_Spiliada_ test’), that there is no other available forum which is clearly
more appropriate for the trial of the action, it will ordinarily refuse a
stay. If, at this stage, it concludes that there is some other available forum
which _prima facie_ is clearly more appropriate for the trial of the action,
it will ordinarily grant a stay, unless there are circumstances by reason of
which justice requires that a stay should nevertheless be refused. In this
connection, the court will consider all the circumstances of the case. For
this second stage inquiry (‘stage two of the _Spiliada_ test’), the legal
burden is on the plaintiff to establish the existence of those special
circumstances.

39 We will, in fact, proceed to analyse the facts of the present appeal in
accordance with the two stages enunciated in _Spiliada_ and, consistent with
the terminology adopted in _CIMB Bank_ , will refer to each stage as “stage
one of the _Spiliada_ test” and “stage two of the _Spiliada_ test”,
respectively.

13 The thrust of the Appellant’s case was that the Clause, in and of itself,
did not suffice in discharging the Respondent’s burden of proving that Hong
Kong is a distinctly more appropriate forum. As a corollary to this argument,
the Appellant contended that the Judge had erred in concluding that the
parties had selected Hong Kong as _the_ appropriate forum. In advancing this
contention, the Appellant focused on the purported nature of the Clause which
was non-exclusive. The Appellant contended that the Clause only demonstrates
that Hong Kong is _an_ appropriate forum while parties are at liberty to
commence proceedings in other forums. Towards this end, the Appellant relied
upon both local and foreign case law, as well as academic literature. The main
authorities and literature cited by the Appellant, as well as the Appellant’s
arguments founded upon them, are summarised below.

14 The Appellant first cited the Singapore High Court decision of _OCBC
Capital Investment Asia Ltd v Wong Hua Choon_ [2010] 4 SLR 904 (“ _OCBC
Capital_ ”) where the parties entered into an agreement containing a non-
exclusive jurisdiction clause (clause 9.5) which read as follows (see _OCBC
Capital_ at [14]):

(a) This Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties hereunder shall be
governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of
Malaysia and in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or
in connection with this Agreement (‘Proceedings’), the parties irrevocably
submits [_sic_] to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Malaysia,
and waive any objections to Proceedings in any court on the grounds that the
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum.

(b) Such submission shall however not affect the right of OCIA to take
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in
any jurisdiction preclude OCIA from taking Proceedings in any other
jurisdiction and OCIA shall be at liberty to initiate and take actions or
Proceedings or otherwise against [the defendant] in Malaysia and/or elsewhere
as OCIA may deem fit.

In response to proceedings brought under this agreement, the defendant in that
case applied for a stay of proceedings on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_. One of the issues that the court had to consider was the effect
of the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause (_ie_ , clause 9.5). The court held
that, on a plain reading of clause 9.5(b) above, the plaintiff (_ie_ , OCIA)
could commence proceedings in any other jurisdiction (see _OCBC Capital_ at
[16]). In relation to clause 9.5(a), the court interpreted the portion of the
clause concerning a waiver of any objections to proceedings on the ground of
_forum non conveniens_ as applying to only proceedings in Malaysia (see _OCBC
Capital_ at [21]). Accordingly, the usual principles governing applications
for a stay of proceedings on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ (see above
at [12]) were applicable. In the course of applying the principles in
_Spiliada_ , the court had to consider the role of the non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause. The court cited several decisions which took the view
that the effect of a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause was that the parties
could not argue that the selected non-exclusive forum was inappropriate (see
_OCBC Capital_ at [41]–[43]). In the court’s view, therefore, the legal
consequence of the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause was that the selected
forum was _an_ appropriate forum. In the final analysis, however, the court
considered that the defendant had not discharged his burden of proving that
another forum was clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore (see
_OCBC_ _Capital_ at [49]).

15 The Appellant next relied upon the treatise by Prof Adrian Briggs,
_Agreements on Jurisdiction and Choice of Law_ (Oxford University Press, 2008)
(“ _Briggs_ ”), in which the learned author summarised the various
interpretations of non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses, as follows (at para
4.20):

Suppose for example, that the parties agree that the courts of Ruritania are
to have non-exclusive jurisdiction, and say no more about it than that. There
are, in fact, several ways to interpret their agreement. They may have agreed
(1) that either side may seise the nominated court, but that the freedom of
the other to seise any other court or courts is unrestricted; or (2) that
either side may seise the nominated court, and once this is done, making it
the first court to be seised, the jurisdiction of that court becomes
exclusive; or (3) that either side may institute proceedings, in any court,
but if either party then seises the nominated court, any proceedings in the
first court will be discontinued and the defendant will appear and defend in
the nominated court.

The Appellant, not surprisingly, contended that only the first interpretation
stated above was applicable on the facts of this case as neither party had
instituted proceedings in Hong Kong, the nominated forum. Hence, it was argued
that the Clause did not limit the Appellant’s right to commence proceedings in
Singapore.

16 The Appellant also relied on the Hong Kong Court of Appeal decision of
_Noble Power Investments Ltd v Nissei Stomach Tokyo Co Ltd_ [2008] 5 HKLRD 632
(“ _Noble_ ”), the salient facts of which are as follows. The first plaintiff
in _Noble_ was a company registered in the British Virgin Islands whilst the
second plaintiff and the defendant were entities registered in Japan. The
parties entered into an agreement known as a “Cooperation Agreement”. Disputes
subsequently arose when the defendant informed the second plaintiff that it
was repudiating its obligations under the “Cooperation Agreement”. The
plaintiffs accepted the repudiation and claimed damages from the defendant by
commencing action via a writ. However, leave of court was required to serve
the writ upon the defendant as it was a Japanese company. The defendant
objected to the grant of such leave on the basis of _forum non conveniens_. In
the course of adjudication, the court had to consider the effect of a non-
exclusive jurisdiction clause contained within the “Cooperation Agreement”
which read as follows:

27.1 This Agreement shall be construed and governed in accordance with the
laws of Hong Kong and the parties hereto submit to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of Hong Kong.

27.4 Nothing contained in this Clause shall limit the right of any party to
take any suit, action or proceedings arising under this Agreement against the
other parties in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the
taking of any suit, action or proceedings arising under this Agreement in any
one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of any suit, action or
proceedings arising under this Agreement in any other jurisdiction, whether
concurrently or not, to the extent permitted by the law of that jurisdiction.

The court in _Noble_ considered the effect of non-exclusive jurisdiction
clauses at some length, as follows (at [31]–[33]):

31 In considering the effect of a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause, it is
critical to recognize that there are differences in approach depending upon
where proceedings have been instituted. Where proceedings are instituted in
the named forum (to which the parties have agreed to submit), the party who
seeks a stay or otherwise to contest the jurisdiction or appropriateness of
that forum, has a very heavy burden to discharge, since that party has by
definition agreed contractually to submit to the jurisdiction. In other words,
he is seeking to avoid a forum to which he has, by contract, agreed to submit.
The extent of this burden is discussed below.

32 Where, however, proceedings are instituted in a forum  _other than_ the
identified one, an altogether different approach may be required. Here, much
depends on the precise wording of the clause in question. If the other forum
is one to which the parties have also agreed to  _submit_ in the event of
their being sued, it may be that there is little difference between the two
situations. Where, however (as is more common) the other forum is merely one
in which proceedings can be instituted without any obligation on the party
sued actually to submit to that forum, the approach is different. The party
who then seeks to contest the jurisdiction or appropriateness of that forum is
in a better position so to do (compared with the situation articulated in the
previous paragraph) simply because he would not be seeking to avoid a forum to
which he has contractually agreed to submit.

33 Some simple illustrations to summarize the foregoing propositions might
assist:

(1) A sues B in Hong Kong. Hong Kong is named as a non-exclusive jurisdiction
to which the parties have agreed to submit in the event of their being sued.
The burden on B, if he contests the appropriateness of the Hong Kong courts,
is a heavy one.

(2) A sues B in Hong Kong. Hong Kong is on this occasion not named as a
jurisdiction but the courts of, say, Japan are named as the non-exclusive
jurisdiction. However, on a true construction of the relevant clause, the
parties have nevertheless agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts
of any other forum (which would include Hong Kong) in the event of their being
sued there. Again, in view of the agreement actually to submit, the burden on
B is also a heavy one.

(3) A sues B in Hong Kong. Again, Hong Kong is not named as the non-exclusive
jurisdiction but the courts of Japan are. However, this time the parties have
not agreed to submit to any jurisdiction other than the Japanese courts. In
other words, while the parties have agreed to submit to Japanese jurisdiction
in the event that they are sued there, and while they have also agreed that
they are at liberty to institute proceedings in a jurisdiction other than
Japan, no positive obligation exists for a party to submit to any jurisdiction
other than Japan. Here, the burden on B is less heavy.

[emphasis in original]

As alluded to earlier in this paragraph, the procedural context in _Noble_ (an
application to set aside the leave that had been granted to the plaintiffs for
the service of a writ out of jurisdiction) is different from the context of
the present appeal (an application for a stay of proceedings). Hence, while
the outcome in _Noble_ might not be relevant, the court’s comments at
[31]–[33], as reproduced above, are relevant insofar as they explain the
general effect of non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses.

17 At the hearing before this court, the Appellant repeated, in substance, its
arguments made in the court below, _viz_ , that the Clause does not preclude
commencement of proceedings in Singapore and that the Respondent bears the
burden of proving that Hong Kong is a clearly or distinctly more appropriate
forum, based upon the illustration stated at [33(3)] of _Noble_ (as reproduced
in the preceding paragraph).

The Respondent’s arguments

18 The Respondent, not surprisingly, supported the Judge’s views (above at
[10]) and took the position that, by virtue of the Clause, the parties had
submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Hong Kong. This
factor, it was submitted, tilted the balance in favour of the Respondent in
the application of the _Spiliada_ test (see above at [12]).

19 The Respondent also attempted to argue that the court should also take
cognisance of the fact that parties had agreed, _inter alia_ , to waive all
rights to a trial by jury (above at [8]). As such, the parties had – by
implication – agreed to resolve all matters in a jurisdiction which allows
trial by jury. This issue is addressed shortly below (at [29]).

20 In addition to contending that the Clause operated in favour of the
Respondent, the Respondent also submitted that there were a myriad of factors
which indicated that Singapore was not an appropriate forum for the matter to
be heard. First of all, the Respondent pointed out that the only factor
connecting this case with Singapore is the fact that the Respondent resides in
Singapore. Secondly, there is no evidence to suggest that he has any assets or
properties locally. Thirdly, the Respondent highlighted that the Three
Contracts, as well as the Agreement, were neither executed nor performed in
Singapore.

Our decision

21 We will begin by considering, as a preliminary matter, the legal effect of
a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause. We will then apply the _Spiliada_
principles to the facts before us.

What is the legal effect of a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause?

22 As already mentioned, the first port of call is the article by Prof Yeo
(cited above at [3]). However, it discusses a great many issues, not all of
which are germane to the present appeal. In so far as the issues discussed
(including those relevant to the present appeal) are concerned, the analysis
is complex – in the main because the issues themselves are complex (many of
which have not been the subject of direct legal precedent as well). We hope
that we will not be doing a disservice to the article by distilling what is
relevant in the context of the present appeal. One reason for doing so is
because, as we shall elaborate upon in a moment, one of the central strands,
whilst posing many hitherto unresolved legal questions (and even conundrums),
can (as alluded to at the outset of this judgment) be addressed relatively
easily on the facts of the present appeal; hence, there is no need to canvass
the various issues arising from this particular strand in the detail that we
might otherwise have had to.

23 At the risk of oversimplifying the erudite analysis by Prof Yeo, it appears
to us that – at least in so far as non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses are
concerned – there are two central strands of analysis.

24 The _first_ central strand is _contractual_ in nature. Put simply,
_depending on the intention of the parties concerned, a non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause could (taken at its highest) be given the effect of an
exclusive jurisdiction clause –_ in which case strong cause would be required
to be demonstrated by the party seeking to sue in a jurisdiction other than
that stated in the relevant clause itself (in this case, the Appellant). Such
effect may, for instance, be given where it would be a breach of the non-
exclusive jurisdiction clause to object to the exercise of jurisdiction by the
selected forum, given the wording of the clause and the circumstances.
However, a possible critique of such an approach is that, on occasion at
least, the distinction between non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses and
exclusive jurisdiction clauses will be blurred, if not effaced. Prof Yeo
frankly admits this (see _Yeo_ at 359, where Prof Yeo explains that the
consequence of this contractual analysis is that there is no _theoretical_
distinction between these two types of clauses). Such a result runs, of
course, counter to the Appellant’s view (as briefly noted above at [13]) and,
perhaps, is also not entirely consistent with the approach taken by the courts
in _OCBC Capital_ and _Noble_. On the other hand, as Prof Yeo argues, such an
approach is a principled one. One can appreciate the persuasiveness of such an
argument, especially if one has regard to the substance – as opposed to the
mere form – of the _contractual_ arrangement entered into by the parties.
Further, as just noted, the result is by no means a forgone one _if strong
cause_ can in fact be demonstrated by the party seeking to act in breach of
the clause itself.

25 The _second_ central strand is _general_ in nature. Put simply, a non-
exclusive jurisdiction clause is _a factor – in all cases – in ascertaining
whether or not the action concerned ought to be stayed_ (pursuant to the
principles first laid down in the seminal House of Lords decision of
_Spiliada_ (see [12] above)), although (according to Prof Yeo) its qualitative
strength as a factor will differ, depending on the precise circumstances
before the court. We will, in fact, return to these principles later (see
below, especially at [31]). As Prof Yeo correctly emphasises, this second
central strand is _separate and distinct_ from the first inasmuch as it is
_not_ premised on the contractual intention of the parties as such (see _Yeo_
at 350 and 351).

26 The parties’ arguments centred, in substance, on the _second_ central
strand although it was possible, in our view, for the parties (in particular,
the Respondent) to have canvassed arguments centring on the first as well.
However, as we have already observed, the various arguments in this last
mentioned regard (_ie_ , with respect to the _first_ central strand which is
_contractual_ in nature) are by no means clear and are clearly complex, at
least for the most part (see generally _Yeo_ at 336-353). When, for example,
can there be an agreement (in the context of a non-exclusive jurisdiction
clause) to _waive_ objection to jurisdiction (see, for example, clause 9.5(a)
in _OCBC Capital_ (see above at [14])) and, if so, ought a narrow or a broad
approach to such waiver be adopted (see _Yeo_ at 341-344)? To take another
issue, can it be implied, from the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause
concerned, that there has been an undertaking by the parties that the
jurisdiction mentioned in that clause is the _most appropriate_ forum so that
it would be a breach of contract for one of the parties to argue that any
other court other than the chosen court should adjudicate on the substantive
issues between the parties (see _Yeo_ at 345-347)? These are just a couple of
a number of issues that could arise for consideration by the court but which
did not arise for decision in the context of the present appeal. In the
circumstances, definitive answers to the various issues raised by Prof Yeo in
his article, as interesting as they may be, must await another occasion when
one or more of these issues arise squarely for decision by this court. We
should caution, however, that we are by no means wholeheartedly accepting the
contractual approach that is the subject of the first central strand of Prof
Yeo’s article. The contractual approach is not without its difficulties. For
instance, it may well be argued that it is impractical to apply the
contractual approach at an interlocutory stage when all that the court has is
affidavit evidence. Another difficulty, which Prof Yeo recognises, is that a
contractual approach may lead to uncertainty (see _Yeo_ at 352). This is not
to say that these difficulties are intractable. For example, as Prof Yeo
suggests, a potential solution to the problem of uncertainty could be through
the use of _presumptions_ , though as Prof Yeo immediately adds, presumptions
may themselves present difficulties (see _Yeo at 3_ 52).

27 Fortunately, however, as it turns out, _even if_ arguments in relation to
the _first_ central (_ie_ , contractual) strand had been raised before this
court in order to maintain, for example, the proposition that the Clause ought
to be accorded the effect of an _exclusive_ jurisdiction clause, they would,
in our view, have failed. As Prof Yeo himself argues, much would – in a
contractual context – depend on the precise intention of the parties
themselves which is to be gathered from the language utilised by the parties
as well as the surrounding factual matrix (to the extent that the governing
law of the contract requires such an approach (in the context of Singapore
law, a contextual approach is required (see generally the decision of this
court in Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029, especially at [132]-[133])); it
should be noted, however, that in practical terms, the _lex fori_ would apply
to questions of interpretation by default in most cases because of the
presumption of similarity (see _Yeo_ at 315)). In this regard, it seems to us
that, having regard to the context in which, _inter alia_ , the Clause was
entered into, the parties had _not_ intended that the Clause have a
significant effect. In particular, a perusal of the terms of the Agreement
will reveal that the Agreement itself is, in the main, intended to ensure that
_the Respondent_ (as well as related parties) discharge their obligations as
stated therein (the only clauses that appear clearly neutral (and which can be
found as _general_ clauses in many similar agreements) include those (towards
the end of the Agreement) relating to the amendment of the Agreement as well
as waiver or modification of its terms (clause 16), the remedy of injunction
and specific performance (clause 19), the entire agreement clause (clause 20),
third party rights (clause 21), severability in the event of invalidity,
illegality or unenforceability (clause 22), and execution of the Agreement in
counterparts (clause 25)). If so, then the Clause ought to be construed as
being drafted in a manner consistent with such an approach (_viz_ , to benefit
_the Appellant_). This interpretation appears to be buttressed by the fact
that _each_ of the original agreements (which were allegedly breached and
which were the subject of the claim which was, in turn, sought to be settled
pursuant to the Agreement) contained an _exclusive_ jurisdiction clause (also
relating to Hong Kong). It would appear – coupled with, as just pointed out,
the main purpose of the Agreement as embodied in its principal terms – that
the inclusion, _instead_ , of a _non-_ exclusive jurisdiction clause in the
Agreement suggests that _the Appellant_ desired _more flexibility_ in
_enforcing_ the terms of the Agreement in the event of a breach of it by the
Respondent.

28 However, _even assuming_ that this is _not_ the case (and, hence, taking
the Respondent’s case at its highest), it is clear, in our view, that there is
simply _no evidence whatsoever_ that demonstrates that the Clause was intended
by the parties to have a significant effect. In the circumstances, it is very
clear, in our view, that the _substance_ of the parties’ intention was _not_ ,
_inter alia_ , to accord to the Clause the effect of an _exclusive_
jurisdiction clause. Neither is there, as just stated, any evidence to suggest
that the parties had intended the Clause to have – from a contractual
perspective – a significant legal effect.

29 In this regard, we should address an argument that the Respondent has made
by relying on the reference in the Clause to the parties waiving their right
to a jury trial (see above at [8]). In our view, this particular aspect of the
Clause is, at best, neutral. It would only suggest that the parties intended
to exclusively select Hong Kong if Hong Kong was the only jurisdiction in the
world with a jury system. This is most certainly not the case.

30 That having been said, it does _not_ follow that the Clause has _no_ legal
effect whatsoever. This is where the _second_ central strand is relevant. In
this regard, the following observations by Prof Yeo might be usefully noted
(see _Yeo_ at 348-349):

87 It is not in doubt that, whatever may be inferred or implied about the
parties’ intentions as to the scope of the agreement embodied in the
jurisdiction agreement, the fact that a court has been chosen by the parties,
albeit non-exclusively, is relevant in the application of the principles of
the natural forum. The fact that the parties thought that the chosen forum was
at least an appropriate forum to determine their disputes must surely carry
some weight in the court’s determination. What weight this factor will carry
must depend on all the circumstances of the case. In a number of Singapore
cases, no particular weight was given to the existence of a non-exclusive
forum or foreign jurisdiction agreement, but this could be because the point
had not been seriously pressed by counsel.

88 It goes too far, perhaps, to say that a non-exclusive jurisdiction
agreement will never be accorded any more weight than any other connections in
the case under consideration. On the other hand, it may also go too far to say
that a non-exclusive jurisdiction agreement will _always_ be a strong
indicator of the appropriate forum to hear the case. **_The weight to be
attributed to it ought to depend on the circumstances._** It may make a
difference whether the jurisdiction clause formed part of a closely negotiated
contract or is a standard term in a contract of adhesion. Where the parties
have clearly put their minds to the consideration of the clause, that will
understandably be a very strong factor. On the other hand, if the parties have
indicated a list of possible countries for the disputes to be tried, then the
choices may not mean very much in terms of comparative appropriateness, and
the court may even be justified in not giving any particular weight to the
clause.

[emphasis in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

31 There is, understandably, no magic formula as such. As Prof Yeo aptly put
it, much would depend on the precise facts and circumstances concerned. An
interesting question that arises (but not in the context of the present
appeal) is whether or not, in relation to the observations made by Prof Yeo as
quoted in the preceding paragraph, the line between the contractual approach
embodied in the first central theme and the more general approach embodied in
the second central theme may become blurred or even effaced to the extent that
it is accepted that the latter approach may “elevate”, so to speak, the
relative importance of a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause beyond that of just
a factor to be considered pursuant to the general principles laid down in
_Spiliada_ – to which principles (and application thereof) our attention now
turns. Before proceeding to do so, however, it is acknowledged that Prof Yeo
has in fact pointed out the distinction between both approaches (see _Yeo_ at
350 and 351 as well as above at [25]). However, to the extent that the more
general approach embodied in the second central theme nevertheless entails a
consideration of the circumstances surrounding the making of the non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause, there is – on a practical level – at least some possible
blurring of the lines.

Application of the principles in Spiliada

32 Applying the principles set out at [12] above to the facts of the present
appeal, it is clear that the Respondent first bears the burden of proof
pursuant to stage one of the _Spiliada_ test referred to in that paragraph.
More importantly, as this court observed in _CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner
Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 (“ _CIMB Bank_ ”) (at [26], also quoted
above at [12]):

[I]t is not enough just to show that Singapore is not the natural or
appropriate forum. The defendant [the Respondent in the present appeal] must
also establish that there is another available forum which is _clearly or
distinctly more appropriate than Singapore_. [emphasis added]

33 Counsel for the Respondent, Mr Patrick Chin, sought to argue against the
requirement referred to in the preceding paragraph that the defendant (the
Respondent in this appeal) “must also establish that there is another
available forum [Hong Kong in the present appeal] which is _clearly or
distinctly_ more appropriate than Singapore” (see _CIMB Bank_ at [26])
[emphasis added]. The phrase “clearly or distinctly” is too well-established a
criterion to be departed from – and, in our view, rightly so as it is
consistent with the entire spirit as well as rationale of the doctrine of
_forum non conveniens_ in general and the principles thereof embodied in
_Spiliada_ (see also Yeo Tiong Min, _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 6(2)
(LexisNexis, 2009) at para 75.088). Indeed, the Judge himself also adopted
this approach (see above at [10]).

34 Hence, the question that arises in the context of the present appeal is
this: Has the Respondent discharged the burden under the first stage of the
_Spiliada_ test in demonstrating that Hong Kong is a _clearly or distinctly_
more appropriate forum for the hearing of the dispute between it and the
Appellant than Singapore? To this end, the only positive factor which the
Respondent can invoke – if at all – is embodied in the Clause. This is so,
because the remaining arguments advanced by the Respondent (at [19]–[20])
above) only attempt to show that the dispute involves connecting factors which
are interspersed across various jurisdictions other than Singapore. In
_Siemens AG v Holdrich Investment Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 1007, this court held that
such a submission will not suffice in justifying a stay of proceedings on the
basis of _forum non conveninens_ (at [4]):

The purpose of the _forum conveniens_ analysis is to identify the most
appropriate forum in which to try the substantive dispute. It is wrong to say
that Singapore is _forum non conveniens_ simply because the connecting factors
which point to Singapore are outweighed by all the connecting factors which
point away from Singapore. The connecting factors which point away from
Singapore must point to a more appropriate forum than Singapore, and they
might not do so if those connections are dispersed amongst several
jurisdictions. Quite simply, Singapore is _forum non conveniens_ only if there
is a more appropriate forum than Singapore.

35 What, then, is the legal status of the Clause? In particular, does it only
have the same weight as any other connecting factor _or_ is it a strong
indicator that Hong Kong is a clearly or distinctly more appropriate forum to
hear the case? In our view, it is clear that the Clause is _not_ a strong
indicator that Hong Kong is a clearly or distinctly more appropriate forum to
hear the case. As noted above (at [27]), it would appear that the Agreement
itself was intended to ensure, _inter alia_ , that _the Respondent_ discharges
his obligations pursuant to the relevant terms of the Agreement. It was also
noted (see above at [28]) that, even if this was not the case, there was
_simply no evidence_ that the Clause was intended by the parties to be a
strong indicator that Hong Kong is a clearly or distinctly more appropriate
forum to hear the case. Again, it was also noted (see above at [29]) that the
part of the Clause which refers to a waiver of the parties’ right to jury
trial is neutral. At best, the Clause is merely _a_ factor that this court
ought to consider in deciding whether or not the Appellant’s action should be
stayed. We note that a similar view was taken in relation to the effect of a
non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in _OCBC Capital_ (see _OCBC Capital_ at
[44], cited above at [1s4]), although we should add that the non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause in that case _explicitly_ provided that the submission to
the non-exclusive forum was not to affect the plaintiff’s right to sue
elsewhere (see clause 9.5(b) in _OCBC Capital_ (reproduced above at [14])).
Returning to the present appeal, against this factor (_ie_ , the presence of
the Clause in the Agreement) is the fact that the Respondent is resident in
Singapore. We should also note that, in the context at least of the
Appellant’s claim against the Respondent pursuant to the alleged breach by the
latter of the terms of the Agreement, the general principles in both Singapore
and Hong Kong are broadly similar (reference may also be made to the decision
of this court in _Good Earth Agricultural Co Ltd v Novus International Pte
Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 711 at [27]). Taking all these circumstances into
account, it _cannot_ , in our view, be said that the Respondent has
demonstrated that Hong Kong is a _clearly or distinctly_ more appropriate
forum for the hearing of the dispute between it and the Appellant than
Singapore. Hence, the action brought by the Appellant against the Respondent
in Singapore ought _not_ to be stayed.

36 We should also note that we agree with counsel for the Appellant’s, Mr Lai
Yew Fei’s, characterisation of the Judge’s reasoning (set out above at [10])
to the effect that the Judge had, in substance at least, characterised the
Clause as an _exclusive_ jurisdiction clause (which it clearly was _not_).
Neither, for the reasons set out above, can the Clause have the _effect_ of an
_exclusive_ jurisdiction clause or, indeed, any significant effect for that
matter.

Conclusion

37 For the reasons set out above, we allow the appeal with costs, and with the
usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim (Record of Appeal (“RA”) vol II at p 10).

[note: 2]_Ibid._

[note: 3]_Ibid._

[note: 4]_Ibid._

[note: 5]_Ibid._

[note: 6]Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) vol II at p 37.

[note: 7]ACB vol II at p 41.

[note: 8]RA vol II at p 28.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

