Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wee Chiaw Sek Anna _v_ Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate
of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another  
[2012] SGHC 197

Case Number| :| Suit No 1002 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 September 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Indranee Rajah SC, Alex Toh and Angeline Tan (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Deborah Barker SC, Leon Le Lyn and Ushan
Premaratne (KhattarWong LLP) for the first defendant; Edwin Tong, Tham Hsu
Hsien and Nakul Dewan (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Wee Chiaw Sek Anna — Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the
estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another  
  
28 September 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This was an unusual case. An ex-wife Anna Wee Chiaw Sek (“the plaintiff”)
sued the estate of her former husband Ng Hock Seng (“the deceased”) for the
fraudulent misrepresentations he had allegedly made to her before they were
divorced. The executrix of the deceased’s estate is Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (“the
first defendant”) who is the daughter of the deceased by his first marriage.
The plaintiff also sued BNP Paribas Jersey Trust Corporation Limited (“the
second defendant”) in its capacity as trustee of two trusts set up by the
deceased during his lifetime. At stake in these proceedings are assets worth
approximately S$28.8m that were amassed by the deceased during the course of
his marriage to the plaintiff, which existence was unknown to her until after
his demise (on 15 June 2004). It was the plaintiff’s case that the deceased
deceived her into thinking he was a man of little or no means and hence she
did not apply for a division of matrimonial assets in 1999-2000 during the
parties’ divorce proceedings.

The facts

2 The plaintiff is an East Malaysian and comes from a wealthy Sarawak family;
she is the niece of a prominent Singapore banker. The plaintiff met the
deceased in 1986 and married him on 19 December 1988 in Singapore. The couple
had two children, a son, Joshua Ng Wei Huong (“Joshua”) born on 7 February
1989 and a daughter, Azura Ng Su-Ann (“Azura”) born on 17 October 1990, now
aged 23 and 21 respectively (collectively “the children”). Like the deceased,
the plaintiff has a child (a son) named Shah Nassar from a previous marriage.

3 The deceased was a Singaporean. After the parties’ marriage, they moved into
a flat belonging to the plaintiff’s family located at Trendale Tower Singapore
(“the Trendale flat”). The deceased was then running his own company called
Casablanca Pte Ltd (“Casablanca”) which was in the business of distributing
beauty products in Singapore and Malaysia. The deceased had a retail outlet in
Singapore for his beauty products. However, he was not very successful in his
business ventures. The deceased had difficulties paying the salaries of
Casablanca’s Malaysian employees and had to borrow from the plaintiff to meet
his liabilities. Apart from the plaintiff’s family members, the deceased
apparently also borrowed money from his brother Ng Hock Leng (“the deceased’s
brother”).

4 The plaintiff’s father subsequently transferred the Trendale flat into the
joint names of the deceased and the plaintiff on condition that the deceased
took over servicing of the mortgage loan of the property which outstanding sum
then approximated $600,000. The deceased encountered difficulties in keeping
up with the mortgage payments shortly after the transfer of title. He and the
plaintiff then decided to and did relocate to Kuching, Sarawak to live with
the plaintiff’s parents.

5 The couple lived with the plaintiff’s parents from 1990 to 1993. In November
1992, the plaintiff purchased a house at Jalan Stampin, Sarawak (“the
plaintiff’s house”) into which the couple moved in March/April 1993. Although
he indicated he would, the deceased did not pay the mortgage instalments on
the plaintiff’s house after he had made the initial 10% deposit, again due to
his financial difficulties.

6 The deceased was diagnosed with tongue cancer while the couple were still
living with the plaintiff’s parents. Instead of conventional treatment, the
deceased opted for traditional Chinese medical treatment. To that end, the
couple made several trips to China between 1993 and 1995. The plaintiff paid
for the deceased’s treatment and their trips.

7 By 1990, the plaintiff had started her own business called Equipage Sdn Bhd
(“Equipage”) which acted as a factory representative for an Australian company
called Sebel which undertook turnkey projects for the supply and installation
of institutional equipment and auditorium seats. Amongst the clients of
Equipage were various statutory bodies as well as the Sarawak State
government.

8 The plaintiff claimed that for the rest of their married life, she was the
main provider for the family. She not only paid the family’s living and travel
expenses but also the deceased’s medical expenses. She was also the children’s
primary care-giver. Further, she gave the deceased a supplementary credit card
(as the deceased was unable to obtain credit cards due to his lack of income)
and paid the charges that he incurred thereon. When the deceased adopted a
macrobiotic diet after being diagnosed with cancer, the plaintiff also paid
for the organic products that the deceased imported from Singapore as part of
his diet. The plaintiff bore the travelling expenses that the deceased
incurred for his trips to Brunei, Hong Kong, Germany and China to explore
business opportunities. She also paid (through Equipage) for the first
defendant’s trips as well as those of the deceased’s brother and mother when
they came from Singapore to visit him.

9 During the period that the deceased was ill, he was only engaged in sporadic
employment. The deceased had a room at the plaintiff’s office where he
brokered deals and handled business proposals. Apart from introducing him to
people in business circles, the plaintiff played no role in the deceased’s
business affairs.

10 The plaintiff alleged that because of his violent disposition, the deceased
frequently abused her verbally and occasionally physically as well. His
behaviour together with his frequent absences from home took a toll on the
parties’ marriage. This eventually led to the plaintiff’s filing of divorce
proceedings in October 1998 on the ground that the marriage had broken down
irretrievably.

11 Prior to her filing Divorce Petition No 4428 of 1998 (“the divorce
proceedings”), the deceased had moved out of the plaintiff’s house to a flat.
However, he continued to come and go as he pleased at the plaintiff’s house
until an incident on 30 November 1998 when he allegedly turned violent. That
was the proverbial last straw that broke the camel’s back where the plaintiff
was concerned. Following that incident, the parties entered into a separation
agreement on or about 7 December 1998 (“the separation agreement”) to regulate
their relationship pending the divorce proceedings and to prevent the deceased
from coming to the plaintiff’s house without her consent.

12 Under the terms of the separation agreement, the plaintiff agreed to
support herself (as the deceased said he had no means to do so) but he agreed
to support the children and that the plaintiff would have their sole custody,
care and control but with unlimited access to the deceased.

13 A supplementary memorandum dated 7 December 1998 (‘the supplementary
agreement”) was added to the separation agreement. By the supplementary
agreement, the deceased acknowledged he was indebted to the plaintiff in the
sum of RM500,000 (“the agreed debt”) for all the expenses that he had incurred
during the marriage but which were borne by the plaintiff. The deceased
further acknowledged that he was indebted to the plaintiff’s father, brother
and the plaintiff’s cousin in the total sum of RM480,000. The deceased further
agreed to partially discharge the agreed debt by paying the plaintiff
RM100,000 in five equal monthly instalments commencing on 7 January 1999.
According to the plaintiff, the deceased never paid but she did not press him
for payment. She said she did not have the heart to do so because of the
deceased’s poor health. The plaintiff took steps to recover the agreed debt
only after the demise of the deceased (see [44] below).

14 In the course of the divorce proceedings, the plaintiff sought (which the
deceased resisted), maintenance for the children at RM3,750 per child per
month from him. In his affidavit of means, the deceased deposed he was in no
position to pay any maintenance as he was unemployed due to ill health and age
and that he was supported by his siblings, friends and well wishers. He
offered to pay RM1,200 per child per month instead as maintenance.

15 On 27 April 1999, the District Court (“the court”) granted the plaintiff a
decree _nisi_. On 28 February 2000, the court _inter alia_ awarded the
plaintiff sole custody, care and control of the children. The deceased was
ordered to pay RM3,750 per child per month for the children’s maintenance with
effect from 1 February 2000, that he pay for their educational expenses up to
tertiary level and that he procure medical insurance policies for them. It was
the plaintiff’s case that the deceased did not pay the maintenance ordered
either promptly or fully.

16 On 6 October 2000, the decree _nisi_ was made absolute. Believing that the
deceased had no financial means to do so, the plaintiff did not apply for
maintenance for herself at the determination of ancillaries for the divorce
proceedings. Neither did she apply for a division of matrimonial assets as the
deceased had consistently represented to her that he had little or no assets.

17 It was the plaintiff’s case that while he was alive, the deceased had
actively concealed his true financial position from her. Unbeknownst to her,
the deceased had accumulated assets worth over US$20m during his lifetime
which assets he had settled into trusts and offshore companies. Indeed, one
such trust was established on 23 April 1999, four days before the decree
_nisi_ was granted.

18 After his demise, the plaintiff discovered that in his lifetime, the
deceased had secured lucrative contracts from the Sarawak State government on
behalf of two companies, one of which was Meissner & Wurst Sdn Bhd (“M&W”),
part of the Meissner & Wurst group (“M&W group”) of companies from Austria.
The M&W group _inter alia_ is involved in engineering, construction and
project management as well as in chemicals and high technology infrastructure.

19 The second company that the deceased was involved in was Interconnect Sdn
Bhd (“Interconnect”) which was a joint venture between Interconnect Technology
Incorporated (an American contract manufacturer in electronics) and the
Sarawak Economic Development Corporation. Interconnect had a semiconductor
facility and foundry in Kuching. Interconnect was subsequently renamed First
Silicon (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (“First Silicon”).

20 The plaintiff asserted that at a dinner, her brother had introduced her to
the managing-directors of M&W and Interconnect. In turn she had introduced the
two gentlemen to the deceased in late 1996 or early 1997.

21 The plaintiff was unaware that the deceased had (before his demise) entered
into business deals with both M&W and Interconnect consequent on her
introductions. She subsequently discovered from the deceased’s documents that
he had entered into an agreement dated 24 April 1998[note: 1] with M&W (“the
first MW agreement”) to act as the company’s strategic business adviser in
relation to the first silicon wafer fabrication project (“the project”) at
Kuching. M&W agreed to pay the deceased US$25m upon the signing of the
contract between M&W and First Silicon for the project.

22 On or about 1 July 1998, the deceased entered into another agreement[note:
2] with M&W (“the second M&W agreement”) again to act as its strategic
business adviser to assist M&W to obtain a preferred contract price rate with
favourable payment terms for the project. In consideration of the deceased’s
services, M&W agreed to pay the deceased RM900,000.

23 According to a press report in the New Straits Times dated 31 March
1999[note: 3], M&W and M&W Zander Engineering Facility (“M&W Zander”) signed
contracts with First Silicon on 30 March 1999 (“the First Silicon contracts”).
The actual contracts were not produced in court; presumably, the deceased was
not given copies.

24 During his lifetime, the deceased allegedly kept his dealings with M&W and
First Silicon secret from the plaintiff. The plaintiff only learnt of the
existence of the two agreements in the process of discovery from the first
defendant after she had commenced these proceedings. The payments received by
the deceased from M&W were channelled to a British Virgin Islands (“BVI”)
company called Armanee Assets Limited (‘Armanee”) which was incorporated on 28
October 1998. The deceased procured two other BVI companies _viz_ Prominent
Market Investments Limited (“Prominent”) incorporated on 10 March 1999 and
South Sea International Ltd (“South Sea”) incorporated on 8 June 1993, as
vehicles for his personal investments. In addition, the deceased had two other
offshore companies for his dealings and or investments _viz_ Springdale
Limited (“Springdale”) and Woodsvale Ltd (“Woodsvale”). Woodsvale and
Springdale were established under the Merrill Lynch Trust (see [30] below).

25 The deceased had first approached Paribas Asset Management Group Asia
(“PAMGA”) in December 1998 and became its client soon after according to a
client acceptance form of PAMGA dated 4 January 1999[note: 4]. It was through
PAMGA that the deceased acquired Armanee. According to a declaration of trust
dated 7 January 1999 made by a company called Emmanuel Services Limited
(“Emmanuel”), the deceased was the beneficial owner of all the shares in
Armanee. Subsequently, by another declaration of trust dated 23 April 1999,
Emmanuel declared that it held the shares in Armanee on behalf of Banque
Paribas International Trustee Limited (“BPITL”) instead of the deceased.

26 By a discretionary trust deed dated 23 April 1999 made between the deceased
as settler and PAGMA as trustee, the first trust (under BVI law) was
established (hereinafter referred to as “the 1999 BNP Trust”). The shares in
Armanee and Prominent were settled into the 1999 BNP Trust. The beneficiaries
of the 1999 BNP Trust were the children and the first defendant. The plaintiff
was specifically named as an Excluded Person under Schedule 6 pursuant to cl
16 of the document.

27 Clause 16 of the 1999 BNP Trust states:

Excluded Persons

aNo Excluded Person may benefit under these trusts and the Trustee shall not
exercise any of its powers hereunder so as to confer any benefit upon any
Excluded Person.

bNo Excluded Person may be a beneficiary or (except in the case of a person
who is an Excluded Person only because he is a Protector)… a Trustee
hereunder.

28 On 14 June 2002[note: 5] the deceased established another trust this time
in the Jersey Islands with the second defendant as the trustee (“the 2002 BNP
Trust”) and with the first defendant as the beneficiary. The shares in South
Sea and thereby its assets were settled into the 2002 BNP Trust. The plaintiff
asserted that as the assets of South Sea were acquired during her marriage to
the deceased, she should have been entitled to a division thereof had it not
been for the deceased’s concealment of the same from her.

29 On 27 April 2004, the deceased executed his Last Will and Testament[note:
6]. The deceased appointed the first defendant as his sole executrix and made
her the sole beneficiary of all his immovable and personal properties in
Singapore.

30 On 28 April 2004[note: 7], the deceased set up a third trust (“the ML
Trust”) (called the “Hock Trust” by the plaintiff) with Merrill Lynch Bank and
Trust Company Cayman) Limited (“Merrill Lynch”) as the trustee. The four
beneficiaries of the ML Trust were the deceased, the children and Shah Nassar
(the plaintiff’s son see [2]). The assets held by the ML Trust were
essentially those of Woodsvale.

31 The plaintiff alleged that the three trusts were a sham as assets/monies
settled in the trusts were utilised by the deceased for his own
use/investments during his lifetime. The deceased had during his lifetime
taken various interest-free loans from Armanee totalling about S$1.61m.
Further, the deceased borrowed S$3m from BNP Paribas Merchant Banking Asia
(“BPMBA”) on or about 29 June 2001[note: 8] using the assets of Armanee as
collateral. On the same day, Armanee borrowed US$6m from BPMBA for investment
purposes which loan was secured by a pledge over Armanee’s cash with BPMBA and
its affiliates and guaranteed by BPITL. On the same day too, Prominent
borrowed US$1m or S$5m (whichever was lower) from BPMBA to purchase No. 526
East Coast Road #13-03, Ocean Park, Colisa Block, Singapore 458968 (“the Ocean
Park property”). Prominent took a second loan from BPMBA in June/July 2002 of
another US$1m. Further, on the instructions of the deceased, BPITL transferred
US$2m to Springdale’s account with Merrill Lynch from the 1999 BNP Trust.

32 Prior to his demise in June 2004, the deceased was a tenant of the Ocean
Park property pursuant to a tenancy agreement he had made with Prominent dated
1 July 2001 wherein he agreed to pay a monthly rent of S$2,000.00. The rent
was never paid during the lifetime of the deceased and by the time of his
demise, the rent arrears totalled S$71,000 which was equivalent to almost 36
months’ rent. The second defendant did not press the deceased for payment of
rent while he was alive. It was only in July 2005 that Prominent formally
requested payment of the rent arrears from the first defendant as the
executrix of his estate.

33 After BNP Paribas Private Bank (“BNP Paribas”) opened a Singapore branch in
April 2002, and upon being informed that BPMBA would cease operations, the
deceased transferred all the accounts and monies of Armanee and Prominent with
BPMBA to BNP Paribas.

34 By a deed dated 12 September 2003, the second defendant replaced BPITL as
trustees of the 1999 BNP Trust. At the request of the deceased, the second
defendant passed a resolution on 14 October 2003 to make a capital
distribution of US$300,000 to the first defendant from the 1999 BNP Trust.

35 According to the plaintiff, she was unaware that the deceased had invested
in various properties in Singapore and Canada during his lifetime. Besides the
Ocean Park property, there was another Singapore property situated at No 3,
Tay Lian Teck Drive, Singapore (“the TLT property”) purchased by the deceased.
He also owned an Indonesian property.

36 The plaintiff complained that Armanee’s directors had to write off as
irrecoverable in August 2008, a loan of S$57,228.20 that had been extended to
the deceased during his lifetime. This was after the first defendant’s
solicitors wrote to Armanee on 16 July 2008 to say that the administration of
the decease’s estate had been completed and the aforesaid loan was not
acknowledged by the estate.

37 On or about 30 September 2004, the second defendant as trustee of the 2002
BNP Trust resolved to provide the first defendant with a quarterly allowance
of US$12,500 with effect from the date of demise of the deceased. The children
were not given a similar provision.

38 In August 2004, the plaintiff learnt for the first time that the deceased
had established several trusts with the second defendant and with Merrill
Lynch.

39 On 4 August 2004, the plaintiff was informed by Merrill Lynch of the ML
Trust. She then received a letter dated 9 August 2004 from Merrill Lynch
stating that the children were the beneficiaries of the ML Trust and as their
legal guardian, she could request funds from the ML Trust for their living,
educational, insurance and medical expenses. Later, she learnt that the value
of the ML Trust was US$2.7m.

40 On 10 August 2004, the plaintiff was informed by Sharon Loo (‘Sharon”) (who
had been the deceased’s relationship manager), of the 1999 BNP Trust but no
details were provided when she requested. Subsequently, on 3 September 2004,
the plaintiff received an email from Sharon forwarding a letter from the trust
manager and trust administrator of the 1999 BNP Trust informing her that the
children were beneficiaries of the same and that the trust comprised of liquid
assets as well as the Ocean Park property. The plaintiff was not satisfied
with the answers to her inquiries.

41 It was only in October 2004 that the plaintiff received a copy of the 1999
BNP Trust from the second defendant. This was followed by a statement on 4
December 2004 from David Shute (“Shute”), a senior trust manager of the second
defendant showing the value of the 1999 BNP Trust as US$7.2m[note: 9]. On 7
November 2005 after repeated requests and numerous exchange of correspondence,
the plaintiff finally received for the first time, the financial statements of
the 1999 BNP Trust from the second defendant.

42 Between December 2004 and December 2005, the plaintiff:

(a) discovered that Joshua was a beneficiary of the TLT property but that it
had been sold for S$1.5m without consulting her as his guardian;

(b) commenced an action to recover the agreed debt that the deceased owed her;

(c) discovered that Michael Yu (“Yu”), the first defendant’s stepfather had
been appointed as the Protector under the 1999 BNP Trust and

(d) discovered that the Commissioner of Estate Duties had valued the
deceased’s estate at S$30.7m (which was subsequently reduced to S$28.8m).

43 The plaintiff said she had personally (as well as through her solicitors)
written to the first defendant and then to the latter’s solicitors to request
that her claims (for maintenance and the agreed debt) should be taken into
account in the grant of probate of the deceased’s estate. There was no
response to her requests.

44 In March 2005, the plaintiff commenced proceedings in the Subordinate
Courts against the first defendant as executrix of the deceased’s estate to
recover the agreed debt (at [13]). Her claim was eventually settled out of
court at RM350,000.

45 In June 2005, Shute flew to Kuching and met up with the plaintiff and the
children. They were told of Yu’s appointment as Protector as well as the
assets and terms of the 1999 BNP Trust. The children were upset as they did
not think Yu would act in their best interests being a virtual stranger to
them. The plaintiff expressed her disagreement with Yu’s appointment. (Yu had
been appointed Protector of the 2002 BNP Trust and the Merrill Lynch Trust by
the deceased).

46 By a letter dated 27 March 2006, the plaintiff’s (former) solicitors were
informed by the second defendant’s solicitors that between 8 July 1999 and 5
May 2001, the deceased had settled US$10,409,320.61 into the 1999 BNP Trust on
six occasions. Save for two sums of US$24,552 and US$2m that the deceased put
into the said trust on 5 May 2001 and 20 September 2001 respectively, the
other four settlements were made before the decree _nisi_ was made absolute.
On 27 March 2006, the second defendant’s solicitors wrote to the plaintiff to
formally inform her of the two BNP trusts.

47 The plaintiff alleged that on or about 29 July 2005, the Board of Directors
of Prominent and Armanee had resolved to destroy all previous annual accounts
of both companies on the basis of inaccuracies and redraft new profit and loss
accounts and balance sheets as replacements. She surmised that since the
destruction took place after she had requested Shute for copies of the
financial statements of the 1999 BNP Trust, the destruction was suspicious and
irregular. Shute had agreed to and did send the redrafted accounts to her on
17 October 2005 (after the previous accounting records had been destroyed).

48 As an aside, I should point out that the second defendant had commenced
proceedings (known as _Beddoes_ proceedings) in the Jersey courts in February
2010 on the 2002 BNP Trust. The second defendant applied for directions as to
whether it should defend this suit. The Jersey courts directed that the second
defendant was obliged to submit to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts
and to actively defend this suit until further directions. The second
defendant’s solicitors informed the plaintiff of the directions of the Jersey
courts in May-June 2010. Subsequently, the second defendant reverted to the
Jersey courts for further directions. On 12 September 2011, the Jersey courts
_inter alia_ ordered that the second defendant should continue to contest the
plaintiff’s claims but not the claim made against the deceased for fraudulent
misrepresentation.

The pleadings

49 The plaintiff commenced this suit on 26 November 2009. In her 41 page
statement of claim (amendment no. 2), the plaintiff detailed _in extenso_ the
facts set out earlier in this judgment. The plaintiff alleged that the
deceased had substantial assets at the time he filed his affidavit of means on
13 January 2000 in the divorce proceedings. Yet, he had declared he had no
financial means. She accused the deceased of deceit and fraudulent
misrepresentation which induced her to enter into the separation agreement
wherein she agreed to support and maintain herself.

50 As a further result of the deceased’s conduct, the plaintiff alleged that
she did not make a claim under s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“the Women’s Charter”) on the deceased’s assets in the division of
matrimonial assets at the time ancillary matters were determined in the
divorce proceedings. The plaintiff asserted that the deceased’s assets had
their genesis in the M&W agreements which the deceased entered into while she
was still married to him and which assets the deceased settled into the 1999
and 2002 BNP Trusts before the decree _nisi_ was made absolute. In particular,
the plaintiff asserted that between 8 July and 5 November 1999, US$18.75m was
transferred from the Commerzbank account of M&W Zander to the Hong Kong
account of Armanee with BNP.

51 The plaintiff claimed against the first defendant as the executrix of his
estate, damages for the fraud perpetrated on her by the deceased.

52 As for the second defendant, the plaintiff pleaded (see para 39(b)(iii) of
her statement of claim (amendment no.2)) that no allegations of fraud and/or
wrongdoing were levelled against the former. She considered the second
defendant a nominal defendant and her claim against it as trustee was only for
the imposition of a remedial constructive trust over the assets of the 1999
and 2002 BNP Trusts as well as a claim in restitution in respect of those
assets. She alleged (at para 35(f) of her statement of claim (amendment no.
2)) that it would be “unconscionable or unjust of the second defendant to
retain that part of the assets of the BNP Trusts which the plaintiff would
have been entitled to receive had she applied for a division of matrimonial
assets pursuant to s 112 of the Women’s Charter”.

53 The plaintiff pleaded in the alternative that “the BNP Trusts were unjustly
enriched at the expense of the plaintiff in respect of that part of assets of
the BNP Trusts which the plaintiff would have been entitled to receive had she
applied for a division of matrimonial assets pursuant to s 112 of the Women’s
Charter”. (It will be seen later that the plaintiff drastically changed her
case against the second defendant in her closing submissions.)

54 The plaintiff criticised the second defendant as well as Merrill Lynch for
their refusal to accede to her request for particulars of the 2002 BNP Trust
and the ML Trust respectively. She further criticised the second defendant (in
her pleadings and affidavit of evidence-in-chief [“AEIC”]) for not adopting a
neutral stand in these proceedings as which result, unnecessary legal costs
had been incurred. (In para 66 of her AEIC, the plaintiff deposed she had
discussed the issues with her children (who were independently advised by
local and Jersey lawyers) and they wanted her to have what was rightfully
hers). The plaintiff prayed that all costs incurred and payable by the second
defendant in this suit including costs to the plaintiff and/or the first
defendant should be borne by the second defendant personally.

55 In her defence (amendment no. 3), the first defendant relied on the
separation agreement to contend that the marriage between the plaintiff and
the deceased had broken down prior to September 1995 when the parties agreed
to live apart. The first defendant alleged that the marriage broke down
because the plaintiff had an affair with another man (whom she identified)
while still married to the deceased. She disputed the plaintiff’s contention
that the plaintiff was the main financial provider for the family. The first
defendant asserted that by the separation agreement, the plaintiff and the
deceased entered into a settlement for valuable consideration of issues
outstanding between them with respect to the then pending divorce proceedings.

56 The first defendant denied that the deceased made any fraudulent
representations to the plaintiff as alleged or at all. She denied that the
plaintiff was induced to enter into the separation agreement by the deceased’s
fraudulent representations pointing out that the deceased’s affidavit of means
was filed after the separation agreement was signed (on 7 December 1998). She
contended that the plaintiff was aware of the deceased’s business dealings and
financial situation at all times.

57 The first defendant averred that it was with the benefit of legal advice
that the plaintiff had decided not to apply for a division of matrimonial
assets, so as to avoid disclosing her own assets to the deceased and to the
court.

58 The first defendant asserted that the plaintiff was aware of the trusts by
latest January 2004 as, prior to his demise, the deceased had informed the
plaintiff of the trusts he had set up for the benefit of the children. The
first defendant referred to a meeting on 7 November 2003 between the deceased
and Sharon that was attended by Joshua at which there was mention that the
value of assets settled into the 1999 BNP Trust was of the order of US$9m with
loans of US$5.5m.

59 The first defendant pointed out that the ML Trust was set up long after the
divorce proceedings between the plaintiff and the deceased while the monies he
settled into the 1999 and 2002 BNP Trusts were after the date of the decree
_nisi_. The first defendant averred that monies were remitted by M&W to the
deceased in 1999 not 1998 _viz_ on 8 July 1999, 17 August 1999, 1 September
1999 and 5 November 1999. Consequently, those assets were not liable for
division in the divorce proceedings between the plaintiff and the deceased as
the assets were not matrimonial assets.

60 The first defendant pleaded the defences of limitation and laches. She
asserted that the plaintiff’s claims wee barred by unreasonable delay – the
plaintiff had admitted she discovered that the deceased had substantial assets
in August 2004 (see [38]) and had received information in the letter dated 27
March 2006 (at [46]) from the second defendant’s solicitors, of the amounts in
the 1999 BNP Trust. Yet the plaintiff failed to take any action for five years
and only commenced this suit in November 2009. In the interval, the first
defendant had acted to her detriment and changed her position in her capacity
as executrix as, she had settled all debts owed by the deceased (including
paying the plaintiff RM350,000 on the agreed debt) and fully administered the
estate. Consequently, the plaintiff had by her conduct waived any rights she
may have had to claim a share of assets held by the deceased on the ground
they were matrimonial assets. The first defendant pleaded that the plaintiff
was estopped from making a claim against her.

61 In its defence (amendment no. 3), the second defendant asserted that the
plaintiff was aware of the 1999 BNP Trust from as early as December 2003 and
of the 2002 BNP Trust from July 2004. The second defendant explained it was
unable to furnish particulars of the 2002 BNP Trust when requested by the
plaintiff because she had no _locus standi_ , her children not being
beneficiaries of the trust.

62 The second defendant averred that Prominent was set up and owned by BPITL
not the deceased. It put the plaintiff to strict proof that the monies in [50]
remitted by M&W Zander into the Hong Kong account of Armanee with BNP were
pursuant to the two agreements at [21] and [22] made by the deceased with M&W
dated 24 April 1998 and 1 July 1998 respectively.

63 The second defendant contended that the assets settled into the two BNP
Trusts were not the plaintiff’s assets and she had no proprietary claim to
them. The second defendant averred that it was unaware that the assets settled
into those trusts were proceeds of fraud or in furtherance of any fraud or
fraudulent misrepresentations made by the deceased to the plaintiff. It added
that as the plaintiff was a woman of substance by her own admission (in her
pleadings), her own assets would have been liable to division with the
deceased under s 112 of the Women’s Charter if she had applied for division of
matrimonial assets. Like the first defendant, the second defendant alleged the
plaintiff had an affair with another man while she was still married to the
deceased.

64 The second defendant contended that even if the plaintiff established that
she was entitled to the assets settled into the BNP Trusts, her
entitlement/cause of action to make such a claim had been lost with the
effluxion of time and/or co-mingling with the assets to which the plaintiff
was not entitled; those _inter alia_ included (a) bank borrowings by Armanee
from BNP and companies in the BNP group, payments (US$1.5m) by South Sea to
Armanee, dividends and other investment income received by Armanee, monies
received by Armanee from the Commerzbank accounts of M&W Zander, assets
settled by South Sea into the BNP 2002 Trust as well as the income/interest
received from Prominent’s portfolio of investments from 14 May 1999 to-date.

65 The two defendants relied on the plaintiff’s Answers to Interrogatories
(administered by the first defendant), to the effect that she had lived
separate and apart from the deceased shortly after the execution of the Deed
of Separation dated 7 December 1998 for their case. (However, her Answer was
alleged to be untrue in the defendants’ submissions [see [90] below.)

66 At this juncture, it is curious to note that the plaintiff was selective in
her claim against the defendants – she only targeted the two BNP Trusts and
not the ML Trust; her conduct prompted the second defendant in its closing
submissions to question her motives.

The issues

67 A number of issues arise for determination in this action _viz_ :-

(a) As against the first defendant:

(i) Did the deceased make any fraudulent representations to the plaintiff
during his lifetime?

(ii) Was the plaintiff induced by any representations to refrain from seeking
a division of the matrimonial assets after the decree _nisi_ was granted?

(iii) Assuming fraudulent representations were made to the plaintiff, did she
suffer any loss as a consequence?

(b) As against the second defendant:-

(i) Was there comingling of funds such that the plaintiff is not entitled to
relief?

(ii) Should a RCT be imposed?

(iii) Is the second defendant liable for the deceased’s actions that resulted
in the BNP Trusts being allegedly unjustly enriched by reason of the
deceased’s actions?

(c) In relation to both defendants:

(i) is the plaintiff’s time-barred and/or barred by laches and/or estopped?

(ii) have they changed their positions due to the plaintiff’s inaction for so
many years?

The evidence

68 There were four witnesses at the trial. The plaintiff and Shute testified
for the plaintiff and the second defendant respectively. The first defendant
was her own witness together with her stepfather Yu. The second defendant had
procured an AEIC from Sharon (also known as Soo Hung Fah) but chose not to
call her to the stand. Cross-examination of the plaintiff took two of the four
days’ trial.

The plaintiff’s case

69 As the plaintiff’s evidence as set out in her AEIC has largely been set out
in the facts enumerated earlier, I shall move on to consider some aspects of
her testimony that was adduced in the course of her cross-examination.

70 Counsel for both defendants posed a common question to the plaintiff – why
did she not apply for division of matrimonial assets at the time ancillaries
were determined by the court? The plaintiff’s answer was, that it was due to
the misrepresentations made to her by the deceased (and which she believed)
that he had little or no means. However, as noted below (at [94]), the
plaintiff’s position shifted somewhat at the trial – she testified that the
deceased’s misrepresentations to her were made _before_ he entered into the
two agreements with M&W and which were the source of his hidden wealth.

71 The second point raised by both defendants was the plaintiff’s delay in
commencing these proceedings.

72 It is noteworthy (as pointed out by both defendants in their closing
submissions), that the plaintiff relied on a draft of the first M&W agreement
dated 24 April 1998 which contained handwritten notations and cancellations.
(In their respective submissions, both defendants asserted that the first M&W
agreement being a draft should be ignored). However, it should also be noted
that notwithstanding the handwriting on the document, the same appeared to
have been signed by M&W and the deceased. In any case, the terms contained
therein made it a conditional contract (which the plaintiff conceded); it was
conditional as the deceased would receive the consideration of US$25m only if
a contract was concluded between M&W and First Silicon.

73 By parity of reasoning, the plaintiff (if she had a valid claim) only
acquired the benefit of the first M&W agreement on 30 March 1999, when M&W and
M&W Zander signed the First Silicon contracts (see [23]). However, by that
date, the deceased and the plaintiff were already living apart and less than a
month later (on 27 April 1999), the plaintiff obtained the decree _nisi_ in
the divorce proceedings.

74 In her oral testimony, the plaintiff admitted[note: 10] that the deceased
did not say to her in so many words that he had no money and no assets. It was
more her own surmise based on the fact that she had to procure a supplementary
credit card for him which he asked her not to cancel (when she instructed the
issuing bank to do so on 3 December 1998) and that she had to pay his charges
on that credit card (including his and the children’s holiday expenses). The
deceased had also taken loans from her, her father, her brother Richard and
the deceased’s brother.

75 The plaintiff denied the defendants’ allegation that she had had an affair
with another (married) man during her marriage to the deceased. She
claimed[note: 11] that she had known that person, who was a lawyer and her
cousin, and his wife for a very long time. The plaintiff claimed that the
defendants’ allegation came as a surprise to her. The plaintiff’s AEIC (at
para 75) had deposed to an incident that took place on or about 30 November
1998 when the deceased allegedly assaulted her. Could it have anything to do
with the alleged affair? Was it also the reason why the deceased named the
plaintiff as an Excluded Person (see [26]) in the 1999 BNP Trust and repeated
that instruction on his note dated 7 May 1999[note: 12] to Kenneth Lee of BNP?

76 The second defendant had adduced evidence from a file note[note: 13] that
the deceased and Joshua met two representatives of BNP (including Sharon) on 7
November 2003 (“the November 2003 meeting”) where the 1999 BNP Trust was
discussed as well as Armanee, Prominent and South Sea, that the worth of the
deceased’s assets was US$9m with loans of US$5.5m and that he had other assets
in his personal name to the order of US$20m. It was recorded that Prominent
owned the Ocean Park property at which the deceased resided. The benefit of a
second trust was also discussed. The meeting concluded with a comment that the
deceased’s health was not good as he was suffering from cancer.

77 Cross-examined[note: 14], the plaintiff denied any knowledge of the
November 2003 meeting. She pointed out that Joshua was then 14 years old and
any adult let alone a child his age was unlikely to know or understand such
things as trusts. She claimed that Joshua did not tell her about the meeting.
However, the plaintiff’s attention was drawn to a letter she had written to
Merrill Lynch regarding Woodsvale on 10 September 2004[note: 15]. She had
there said (in para 4):

…the settlor had, during his lifetime discussed with me his provisions for the
maintenance and education of the beneficiaries, and again, he had not
mentioned any conditions on “reimbursable basis”. The settler loved his
children dearly and during his lifetime, had constantly assured them that he
had provided well for them both in their living and educational requirements
and at every stage of their lives, namely when they graduate, marry, divorce
etc.

78 Cross-examined[note: 16] on the above extract from her letter, the
plaintiff claimed the above information came from Joshua who was apparently
given the assurance by the deceased. The question then arises – when did
Joshua tell her if not after the November 2003 meeting? I cannot imagine that
Joshua who, like his sister, is very close to the plaintiff, would not have
told his mother that his father took him to see some bank representatives even
if Joshua could not fully understand the discussions that took place. It would
only have been logical that the plaintiff would then have probed the deceased
further (when she saw him a month later) on the November 2003 meeting if
Joshua did not/could not give her any or sufficient details. One also wonders
why the plaintiff did not call Joshua to testify. After all, he is now 23
years old.

79 It is further noted that in a subsequent letter dated 27 September 2004,
Merrill Lynch had informed the plaintiff that Woodsvale’s assets in the ML
Trust were valued at US$2.7m as of 22 September 2004.

80 The plaintiff’s conclusion that the deceased had no financial means is also
at odds with a letter dated 22 October 1999[note: 17] written by her
solicitors to the deceased’s then solicitors. Her solicitors had alleged (at
para 6) that after the deceased moved out from the plaintiff’s house in August
1998, he had been residing at a luxurious condominium and had hired an
Indonesian maid and a driver; this was hardly the lifestyle of a man without
means. Moreover, it was the plaintiff’s own testimony that the deceased
repeatedly assured her and the children that he would take care of and make
provision for their future.

81 It is equally noteworthy that in one of the prayers in the divorce
proceedings, the plaintiff sought RM100,000 as lump sum maintenance from the
deceased. Clearly, she could not have believed that the deceased was so
lacking in means that it was pointless to ask the court to divide matrimonial
assets between them as she claimed in this suit. After all, the deceased also
came from a well-to-do family albeit not as wealthy as the plaintiff’s family.

82 The plaintiff had also testified that it was the deceased who appointed
solicitors to commence the divorce proceedings on her behalf and that he
instructed her to see his lawyers to sign the necessary papers. She admitted
however that she had given instructions to the deceased’s solicitors. In any
event, the plaintiff instructed new solicitors to act for her some time before
30 August 1999, when the solicitors who represented her in the divorce
proceedings advised her to do so, after disagreements arose between the
plaintiff and the deceased on the issue of ancillaries and the solicitors felt
a conflict of interests had arisen and they could no longer continue to act
for her.

83 I should point out that the plaintiff’s testimony on the M&W contracts in
the course of cross-examination was also unsatisfactory. At one stage[note:
18], she said the first M&W agreement was a private arrangement between the
deceased and M&W’s managing-director because they signed the document as
individuals but later[note: 19], she said it was a valid agreement.

84 There was another aspect of the plaintiff’s testimony that I should refer
to, as it concerned the touchstone of her case _viz_ that she was unaware of
the deceased’s true financial position during his lifetime. The plaintiff had
testified[note: 20] that at the behest of the defendant, she had met up with
him in or around December 2003. He had then assured her that he would make
provision for the children’s education and living expenses and he would set up
an educational trust for them. Subsequently, at the funeral wake of the
deceased’s mother in early 2004, the deceased had repeated his assurances to
her[note: 21].

85 Apparently the deceased had then asked the plaintiff for candidates to be
appointed as custodian and the plaintiff had suggested the first defendant,
her brother as well as the deceased’s brother as possibilities. The plaintiff
revealed that the deceased had voiced doubts on the suitability of the first
defendant as a custodian because of her youth. Cross-examined by counsel for
the first defendant, the plaintiff revealed that the deceased had used the
words “custodian” and “trusts” in their discussion and had said that the
custodian would liaise with the bank. Would such information not have alerted
the plaintiff to the possibility of trusts having been established? After all,
she had attended a correspondence course in law with a UK university albeit
she did not complete it.

86 I do not believe it would serve any purpose to review the testimony of
either the first defendant or that of Shute, the second defendant’s
representative. Neither witness was cognisant of the circumstances surrounding
the setting-up of the 1999 and 2002 BNP Trusts by the deceased. (I should add
that the first defendant has suffered from lupus since she was 15 years old.
She is now married with a child).

87 One aspect of the first defendant’s testimony however was significant. She
corroborated the plaintiff’s testimony at [84]. The first defendant said she
had accompanied the deceased to Kuching to see the plaintiff in December 2003.
The deceased by then was seriously ill; he had told the first defendant that
he wanted to discuss with the plaintiff the trust he had set up for the
children. At the meeting with the plaintiff, the deceased requested the first
defendant (who complied) to leave the room so that he could have a private
discussion with the plaintiff. The first defendant asserted that even if the
plaintiff was unaware that the deceased had settled substantial sums into the
1999 BNP Trust earlier, the plaintiff must have known by January 2004 from the
discussions she had with the deceased.

88 Indeed, the December 2003 discussions were confirmed by the plaintiff’s
email to the first defendant on 25 November 2004[note: 22]. She had said
(under the heading “trust properties”):

In your Dad’s conversations with me in December 2003, April and May 2004, he
assured me that he had taken care of all the children’s needs and further
informed me that he had organised for all his properties, namely, the Ocean
Park, the Indon and the Tay Lian Teck properties to be vested in trust for the
children and yourself.

Consequently, the first defendant asserted it was more likely than not that
the plaintiff knew of the existence of the two BNP Trusts before the deceased
passed away on 15 June 2004. As stated earlier (at [40]), the plaintiff was
formally notified of the 1999 BNP Trust by Sharon in August 2004 followed by
her receipt of a copy of the trust instrument from the second defendant in
October 2004. The second defendant’s solicitors had then written to her
solicitors (see [46]) on 27 March 2006 setting out the dates when the deceased
had settled monies into the 1999 BNP Trust. At no time after June 2004 (and
before her present Singapore solicitors were appointed) did the plaintiff
express surprise at the existence of the trusts. It bears noting that besides
her current local solicitors, the plaintiff had appointed solicitors in the
Cayman Islands, BVI and Jersey as well as accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers
at one stage or another.

89 I should also state at this juncture that the plaintiff’s claim that she
learnt of the existence of the Ocean Park and the other two properties from
documents left by the deceased is untrue. This is obvious from the extract of
her email to the first defendant set out at [88]. Indeed, based on the email,
it would appear that the deceased told her not once in December 2003 but twice
later, in April and May 2004.

90 There were many other instances where the plaintiff’s testimony did not
stand up to scrutiny as it did not accord with the documents that were before
the court. The second defendant pointed out that the plaintiff had admitted
lying in her divorce proceedings as she had then stated that she had been
separated from the deceased for more than three years (since September 1995)
when the separation only started in August/September 1998. Other instances
where the plaintiff’s credibility was put in question are detailed in the
closing submissions of both defendants.

91 Nothing turns on Yu’s testimony. He is the Protector of all three trusts
and his appointment was made at the behest of the deceased, notwithstanding
Yu’s initial reluctance to be appointed as Protector for the 1999 BNP Trust as
the beneficiaries are the children and not his stepdaughter. Yu revealed that
the deceased had left behind a letter dated 23 April 2004 (the letter of
wishes) addressed to Merrill Lynch. In that letter, the deceased wanted his
trustees to consider distributing 50% of the ML Trust funds equally to Joshua
and Azura when they attained 35 years of age. Prior to their reaching 21 years
of age, he wanted the children’s education including tertiary education,
living and other expenses to be paid on a reimbursement basis to their
guardian (presumably the plaintiff). The deceased also wanted to give
US$100,000 to his stepson _viz_ Shah Nassar provided the latter had graduated
from an accredited university or tertiary institution and was 30 years of age.

The findings

92 This was a case where the one person _viz_ the deceased who could enlighten
the court on the material facts is no longer available as a witness. The main
witnesses (including the plaintiff) relied heavily on documents for their
evidence. Indeed, it was ironical that the plaintiff relied on documents given
to her by the first defendant for her claim. These included the first M&W
agreement and a deed between the deceased and the deceased’s brother dated 18
August 2004 (wherein the latter agreed to hold the Tay Lian Teck property on
trust for the children).

93 The evidence presented in court was at best secondary and at worse hearsay.
Indeed, the first defendant had submitted that the court should place no
weight whatsoever on the plaintiff’s testimony regarding the two M&W
agreements because it was based entirely on speculation and/or hearsay,
pointing out that the plaintiff’s own evidence confirmed she had no personal
knowledge of the two agreements and she was not even aware of the signing
ceremony on 30 March 1999 of the First Silicon contracts. Nor did the
plaintiff see the press report on the event (at [23]).

94 As alluded to earlier (at [70]), in her opening statement and in the course
of her oral testimony, the plaintiff’s position shifted somewhat from that
taken in her pleadings and AEIC. She no longer maintained that the deceased
had fraudulently represented to her throughout their marriage that he had no
or little assets; her new stance was that until the execution of the two M&W
contracts, he represented to her that he had no or little assets. Such a stand
must surely mean that whatever representations the deceased may have made to
the plaintiff prior to the date (24 April 1998) of the first M&W agreement
would no longer be relevant to her claim. In any case, it was the plaintiff’s
testimony that from the time they were married, she knew (based on his
business failures) that the deceased was not a successful businessman or a man
of means. She assumed therefore that he had no assets worth dividing at the
time the ancillaries were determined in the divorce proceedings. There were no
express representations to her by the deceased in that regard. It also bears
noting that the plaintiff requested from the deceased and which the court
granted, a sum of RM3,750 per child as maintenance or RM7,500 per month for
the children and RM100,000 for herself by way of lump sum maintenance. Neither
RM7,500 nor RM100,000 are small sums even in Malaysian ringgit. The deceased
could not have been as impecunious as the plaintiff claimed in these
proceedings.

95 I was also mindful of the fact that with the deceased gone, there was no
one to contradict/rebut the plaintiff’s testimony and the totally unflattering
picture that she painted of her late husband, as someone who could not hold
down a regular job or succeed in business and who sponged off her throughout
their marriage. Yet, it was also the plaintiff’s testimony that the deceased
loved the children dearly, spent weekends and school holidays with them (and
brought them to Singapore) after he moved out from the plaintiff’s house and
after the divorce. When they were with him, the deceased could afford to
maintain the children in the lifestyle the plaintiff provided for them. Where
did the plaintiff think the deceased’s money came from during their marriage?
It is also significant to note that the deceased was generous to the
plaintiff’s son by her first marriage – in the letter of wishes (at [91]), he
gave Shah Nassar a bequest of US$100,000 from the ML Trust.

96 The deceased’s conduct did not seem to me to be that of a man who would
deny his loved ones of what he could afford to give them. There must therefore
have been very strong reasons why the deceased not only did not name the
plaintiff as a beneficiary in any of the three trusts he created but that he
went to the extent of naming her as an “Excluded Person” in the 1999 BNP Trust
(see [26]). Unfortunately, this court will never know the answer.

97 In their closing submission and in the plaintiff’s cross-examination, the
defendants pointed out that the plaintiff must have taken legal advice on the
issue of division of matrimonial assets and decided not to make a claim so as
to avoid having to disclose her own assets and have them taken into account in
the division. Although the plaintiff vigorously denied the suggestion, I
believe it is more probable than not that the plaintiff must have had this
consideration in mind at the time when ancillaries were determined by the
court in 1999-2000. According to the affidavit of means that the plaintiff
filed on 1 December 1999 for the ancillaries hearing n the divorce
proceedings, the plaintiff owned (apart from the plaintiff’s house), one unit
in a shopping complex, a semi-detached house, a Mercedes Benz vehicle and
stocks and shares in various companies while earning a monthly salary of
RM6,500 from Sterling Hill Associates Sdn Bhd as its managing-director,
excluding monthly allowances of another RM5,000.

The decision

The plaintiff’s case against the first defendant

98 As of 31 December 2010 (according to paras 49 and 50 of Shute’s AEIC), the
net asset value of the 1999 BNP Trust was US$5,914,439 and that of the 2002
BNP Trust was US$1,544,969.

99 When Yu took the stand, he produced his own calculations (at exhibit D1)
which differed from Shute’s figures. Yu placed a value of $7,967,989.16 on the
assets of the 1999 BNP Trust and $3,308,611.44 for those in the 2002 BNP
Trust. Regardless of whose figures are the more accurate, it is obvious that
the value of the 1999 BNP Trust (of which the children are beneficiaries) far
exceeds that of the 2002 BNP Trust which beneficiary is only the first
defendant.

100 I am of the view that the plaintiff could well have requested the children
to give her a share of the 1999 BNP Trust without resorting to court
proceedings. I doubt Joshua and/or Azura would have begrudged her. It is
puzzling therefore why she chose to sue. Was her actual target the 2002 BNP
Trust even though it has less assets? As noted earlier, the plaintiff did not
sue Merrill Lynch on the ML Trust (which had a value of US$2.7m) of which her
other son Shah Nassar is a beneficiary.

Fraudulent misrepresentations

101 As noted in [51], the plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant was
for the fraudulent misrepresentations purportedly made to her by the deceased
during his lifetime.

102 For fraudulent misrepresentation to be actionable in the tort of deceit,
the requirements in _Derry v Peek_ (1889) 14 App Cas 337 (recently reaffirmed
in _Raiffeisen Zentralbank Osterreich AG v Archer Daniels Midlands Co_ [2007]
1 SLR(R) 196 and in _Panatron Pte Ltd v Lee Cheow Lee_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435)
must be met _viz_ :

(a) There must be a false representation of fact made by words or conduct
knowingly without belief in its truth or made recklessly careless whether it
be true or false;

(b) The false representation must be made with the intention that it should be
acted upon by the plaintiff;

(c) The plaintiff must have acted upon the false representation; and

(d) The plaintiff must have suffered damage as a result.

103 I had earlier commented at [94] that it was the plaintiff’s own perception
and conclusion that the deceased was a man of straw (with whom by her own
evidence she hardly talked about money). That, coupled with the likelihood
that the plaintiff was disinclined to have her own assets (see [97]) made
available for distribution in the ancillary proceedings, makes it highly
unlikely that any representations were made to the plaintiff by the deceased
regarding his supposed impecunious state, apart from what was stated in his
affidavit of means.

104 I entertain strong doubts that the deceased actively concealed his assets
from the plaintiff during his lifetime. In this regard, the plaintiff’s AEIC
had referred to an internal memorandum dated 4 May 1999 of BNP[note: 23], in
which it was stated that the deceased had informed BNP that the plaintiff was
not to be a beneficiary of the 1999 BNP Trust as she had agreed to accept a
lump sum settlement from him at the time of the divorce. The plaintiff
asserted that what the deceased then informed BNP was untrue – that he was
extremely wealthy, his wealth was inherited from his father’s estate and that
he owned seven properties in Singapore, and as a customer of the private
banking arm of BNP with Sharon as his relationship manager, he was wealthy. If
what the deceased said of his wealth was untrue, then he did not deceive the
plaintiff at all.

105 The court had obviously rejected the deceased’s professed impecuniosity
when he was ordered to pay RM3,750 per child per month as maintenance in the
ancillary proceedings. The deceased had agreed to pay the plaintiff RM100,000
as a lump sum settlement and to pay the balance of the agreed debt by
instalments. There is therefore no question of the plaintiff having been
induced to act on any representations that the deceased may have made let
alone that she suffered loss as a result. Consequently, the essential elements
to found an action in fraudulent misrepresentation as set out in [102] are not
made out. That being the case, the question of whether the plaintiff was
induced to act on the representation to her detriment is moot.

106 There were other factors that militate against the alleged representations
having been made. One obstacle that the plaintiff has to overcome has been
alluded to earlier (at [59]). The monies that the deceased placed in the four
or more companies that were settled into the three trusts were received by him
in 1999, _after_ the separation agreement was signed in December 1998 and
_after_ the decree _nisi_ had been granted in April 1999. The assets were not
acquired by the deceased in the course of and during the marriage; it was
after.

107 Consequently, the assets do not come within the definition of “matrimonial
assets” as defined under s 112(10) of the Women’s Charter; the definition
says:

“matrimonial asset” means —

any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to the
marriage —

(i) ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii) which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; and

any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party or
both parties to the marriage,

but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage.

108 Section 112 of the Women’s Charter states:

(1) The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the grant of a
judgment of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, to order the
division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of any such
asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the sale of any
such asset in such proportions as the court thinks just and equitable.

(2) It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regard to all
the circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

(_a_) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(_b_) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

(_c_) the needs of the children (if any) of the marriage;

(_d_) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependant of either party;

(_e_) any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce;

(_f_) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(_g_) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(_h_) the matters referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

109 Based on the definition of “matrimonial assets” and the guidelines set out
in s 112(2) of the Women’s Charter, I cannot see how on the facts as adduced
from the plaintiff herself, the commissions earned by the deceased can be said
to be “matrimonial assets” susceptible to division.

Is the plaintiff’s claim barred by laches?

110 Both defendants made much of the plaintiff’s delay in commencing these
proceedings in support of their common contention that the plaintiff’s claim
was barred by laches. The sequence of the delay is set out below. Cross-
examined by counsel for the first defendant[note: 24] as to why she waited
until November 2009 to commence this suit, the plaintiff’s excuse was that the
trusts were governed by BVI law and she needed time to seek specialist legal
advice.

111 I accept the second defendant’s submission that the plaintiff’s excuse is
not credible given that she did not commence proceedings in the BVI but in
Singapore, she had a team of legal advisers in Singapore as well as in the
Cayman Islands at all times, and she lost no time in commencing proceedings in
Singapore in DC Suit No. 779 of 2005 against the first defendant to recover
the agreed debt (see [44]) owed by the deceased. Based on the evidence, the
plaintiff’s delay was:

(a) About 9 years from the time of the divorce, when she knew that the
deceased was clearly able to provide for the children;

(b) From as early as December 2003 after she learnt of the November 2003
meeting from Joshua and was told by the deceased of the existence of the 1999
BNP Trust;

(c) From June 2004, based on the plaintiff’s letter dated 25 June 2004[note:
25] to Shute and one Fan Choi, where she referred to extensive discussions she
had had with the deceased back in December 2003 on the appointment of a
Protector;

(d) Throughout the first half of 2004 (prior to the deceased’s passing) when
the plaintiff and the children were repeatedly assured by the deceased that he
had sufficient assets to provide for the latter’s entire lives (as evidenced
in an email sent by Joshua to Shute on 5 September 2009[note: 26]; and

(e) from November 2004 when she wrote to the first defendant at [88] above.

112 It bears remembering that the plaintiff knew the values of the assets in
the ML Trust and the 1999 BNP Trust by September and November 2004
respectively. Indeed, she was engaged in protracted correspondence with the
respective trustees between mid-2004 and 2005 on such issues as advances from
the two trusts for the maintenance and education of the children, and her
interpretation of the Protector provisions in the 1999 BNP Trust. She had even
asserted her rights as the children’s guardian under trust law in her
correspondence with Merrill Lynch. Therefore the plaintiff well knew her
rights. Yet, she took no action against either defendant at any of the
milestones set out in [111]. In such a scenario, the second defendant cited
two English cases, _Stafford v Stafford_ [1857] 44 ER 697 and _Allcard v
Skinner_ [1887] 36 Ch D 145 for the proposition that a presumption of
knowledge of her rights arose against the plaintiff who knew enough relevant
facts and could have/should have pursued her claim. If she failed to exercise
her rights earlier than November 2009, she should not be granted any relief by
this court.

113 Closer to home, there is the case of _Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee_ [2007] 2
SLR(R) 417 where the plaintiff beneficiaries’ claim was made in 2006, 50 years
after the intestate passed away in 1956. By then, both the original
administrators of the estate had passed away. Although the plaintiffs’ claim
was not time barred under ss 22(1)(b) and 23(a) of the Limitations Act (Cap
163, 1996 Rev Ed), Sunderash Menon JC nevertheless held that because of the
considerable delay of 50 years and there had been partial distribution of the
estate, it would be unconscionable to allow the claim to proceed.

114 Even though a claim may not be time barred, this court had held in
_British and Malayan Trustees Ltd v Sindo Realty Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 903
that it can still be defeated by laches. This would be so where as in this
case, the first defendant has changed her position to her detriment. The Court
of Appeal in _Tay Joo Sing v Ku Yu Sang_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 765 adopted the same
view.

Has the first defendant changed her position due to the plaintiff’s inaction
for so many years?

115 Even if the plaintiff had made out her case on misrepresentation (which I
found she had not), the first defendant argued that the plaintiff should be
denied any relief because her inaction had caused prejudice to the first
defendant. The first defendant had discharged her duties as executrix of the
deceased’s estate by settling the debts of the estate including paying the
plaintiff RM350,000 on her claim for the agreed debt. It would be
unconscionable and unjust if the plaintiff were allowed to pursue her claim in
these proceedings when the plaintiff had misled the first defendant into
paying her RM350,000. I accept on the facts that the first defendant has been
prejudiced by the plaintiff’s inaction for five years after the deceased’s
passing in June 2004.

Has there been prejudice to the second defendant?

116 The first defendant’s argument in [115] was similarly adopted by the
second defendant. It was argued that the second defendant had been equally
prejudiced by the plaintiff’s delay in instituting these proceedings. Indeed,
the prejudice was said to be substantial and irreparable. Prejudice caused to
the second defendant (which I accept) was as follows:

(a) The first defendant had been drawing monies from the BNP 2002 Trust since
October 2004; as of December 2009 (when distributions were frozen because of
the plaintiff’s claim), her withdrawals totalled US$304,026.75 (according to
Shute);

(b) If the plaintiff succeeded in her claim, the beneficiaries’ entitlement to
both income and capital from the two trusts would be substantially reduced and
may not last their lifetimes as the first defendant had historically been
receiving US$50,000-US$80,000 per year (until 2009) while the children were
told they would receive US$50,000 per year with annual increases;

(c) The second defendant could not give any meaningful account to the
plaintiff if ordered by the court as there had been six years’ worth of
transactions which (further) mixed the funds in the two trusts and compounded
the inability to identify specific assets which originated from the deceased,
or those that came from draw downs of loans taken out by the deceased or funds
that were generated from multiple commercial transactions undertaken by the
second defendant or its predecessors while managing the trusts;

(d) Even if an account could be rendered by the second defendant of the funds
settled into the trusts by the deceased, it would not be accurate because the
plaintiff did not sue Merrill Lynch on the ML Trust;

(e) On the security of the monies settled into the two trusts and the proceeds
from investing those assets, the second defendant had in good faith and
without knowledge of any alleged fraud or claim by the plaintiff procured bank
facilities for investments, made distributions and incurred other liabilities
in the management of the two trusts to their detriment. It would be impossible
to place the second defendant and the beneficiaries back in the position they
would have been in if the plaintiff had taken out her claim earlier.

Has there been comingling of funds in the two BNP Trusts?

117 From [116(c)] it can be seen that one of the second defendant’s key
contentions (as well that of the first defendant) was that the funds in the
two trusts had been comingled over the past twelve years and it is impossible
to ascertain the source of the funds now. I have no doubt on the evidence that
this is indeed the case and nothing further needs to be said on the point as
it will be addressed in tandem with the next issue below.

Should a remedial constructive trust (“RCT”) be imposed on the second
defendant?

118 At the outset (as was rightly pointed out in the second defendant’s
closing submissions), it should be noted that a RCT is a restitutionary
proprietary remedy and not a cause of action. The function of a court is to
declare its creation once the facts for the creation of a RCT have occurred
(see _Snell’s Equity_ (32nd Ed Sweet & Maxwell p 778 para 26-014). It is also
a remedy of last resort failing other alternatives, which in the plaintiff’s
claim is not the case.

119 Citing _Ching Mun Fong v Liu Cho Chit_ [2001] 3 SLR 10 (“ _Ching Mun
Fong”_) the second defendant submitted that the lack of an identifiable fund
on which the RCT could be imposed was fatal to the plaintiff’s claim. In
_Ching Mun Fong_ , the Court of Appeal at [23] said:

In order for a remedial constructive trust to arise, the payee’s conscience
must have been affected, while the moneys in question still remain with him.
If, as was the situation in the Westdeutsche case (supra), the payee learns of
the mistake only after the moneys have got mixed with other funds or
dissipated, no constructive trust in respect of these moneys can arise. This
is because there would no longer be an identifiable fund for the trust to
bite.

120 The second defendant pointed to the fact that for the past twelve years or
so since Armanee, Prominent and South Sea were incorporated by the deceased,
there had been repeated inflows and outflows of funds and conversion of funds
into securities and other investments activities, loan draw downs and loan
repayments etc. The assets originally settled by the deceased into the three
companies and then into the two BNP Trusts had been thoroughly mixed and were
no longer recognisable. The mixing included revolving bank loans utilised by
the deceased. As such, there was no longer an identifiable fund on which a RCT
can be imposed. I agree.

121 What is equally fatal to the plaintiff’s claim is her own inability to
identify the assets that she contended would have formed part of the
matrimonial assets to which she would have been entitled to receive a share
had she applied for a division of matrimonial assets under s 112 of the
Women’s Charter. Her imprecise pleading was set out earlier at [52]. This flaw
in the plaintiff’s case leads to a related issue dealt with at [128] below.

122 Consequently, the plaintiff’s reliance on such cases as _Koh Cheong Heng v
Ho Yee Fong_ [2011] 3 SLR 125 and _Ho Kon Kim v Lim Gek Kim_ [2001] 3 SLR(R)
220 (for the proposition that the court has a discretion to impose a RCT where
justice and good conscience demands even where there is no unjust enrichment
or unconscionablility) does nothing to advance her case.

123 For completeness, I should add that the plaintiff could have resorted to
other remedies before she sought a RCT. Such primary remedies included suing
the first defendant as the personal representative of the deceased for his
alleged fraud. There is no evidence before the court that a successful claim
against the deceased’s estate would not have been met bearing in mind that the
first defendant settled the agreed debt owed to the plaintiff at RM350,000.
Further, as was observed earlier at [66], the plaintiff chose not to sue
Merrill Lynch on the ML Trust notwithstanding it has more assets than the BNP
Trusts.

Does the court have the power now to identify and divide matrimonial assets
for the plaintiff’s claim?

124 It would appear from _Wong Yuk Fong Lily v Menzes Ignatius Augustine_
[1992] 1 SLR(R) 252 that the answer is in the negative. In that case, Justice
Chao Hick Tin held at [18] that the court no longer has the power to divide
matrimonial assets once a party to the divorce is dead.

125 Leaving aside the issue of whether the plaintiff’s claim is barred by
laches or by the demise of the deceased, the ancillary question that arises is
– can the court still deal with or divide, matrimonial assets after the decree
absolute was issued in October 2000? I think not. In this regard, s 132 of the
Women’s Charter would not assist the plaintiff as more than three years have
lapsed since the deceased created the BNP Trusts. The relevant extracts of the
section state:

**Power of court to set aside and prevent dispositions intended to defeat
claims to maintenance**

132.–(1) Where —

(_a_) ...

(_b_) an order has been made under section 112 and has not been complied with;

(_c_) an order for maintenance has been made under section 113 or 127 and has
not been rescinded;

(_d_) maintenance is payable under any agreement to or for the benefit of a
wife or former wife or child; or

(_e_) ...

the court shall have power on application —

(i) if it is satisfied that any disposition of property has been made by the
husband or former husband or parent of the person by or on whose behalf the
application is made, within the preceding 3 years, with the object on the part
of the person making the disposition of reducing his or her means to pay
maintenance or of depriving his wife or former wife of any rights in relation
to that property, to set aside the disposition; and

(ii) ...

126 Even if the court can still divide matrimonial assets between the
plaintiff and the deceased’s estate at this late stage, I am disinclined to
exercise such powers. I accept the second defendant’s submission that it would
be unfair and unjust to do so for the following reasons:-

(a) As stated earlier at [95], with the deceased gone, there is no evidence
from the husband which the court should take into consideration in dividing
matrimonial assets (which would include the plaintiff’s assets). There is no
one else who can refute the plaintiff’s unilateral version of events in
particular on what transpired during the parties’ marriage;

(b) With the passage of time, key documents that would/could have been
relevant to the determination of division of matrimonial assets are no longer
available;

(c) Even if the deceased was alive today, the circumstances twelve years ago
and now are so different that there can be no meaningful identification and
division of matrimonial assets;

(d) The plaintiff chose not to sue Merrill Lynch on the ML Trust even though
it was also a matrimonial asset.

Can the plaintiff claim in restitution and unjust enrichment against the
second defendant?

127 Apart from the obstacles faced by the plaintiff in her claim for a RCT as
set out at [119] to [121] above, she encounters similar difficulties for her
other claims.

128 To succeed in her claim against the second defendant in unjust enrichment
and consequentially for restitution, the plaintiff must show that the second
defendant was a party to or knew of the fraudulent conduct of the deceased or,
that there such a want of probity on the part of the second defendant that it
would be unconscionable for the latter to retain the assets that the deceased
placed into the two BNP Trusts (see _Comboni Vincenzo & Anor v Shankar’s
Emporium (Pte) Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 1020 cited by both the plaintiff and the
second defendant).

129 At this juncture, I can do no better than to refer to _Goff & Jones The
Law of Restitution_ (7th Ed 2007 Sweet & Maxwell) on the three requirements to
found a successful claim in unjust enrichment. They are (at p 16 para 1-016):

(a) The defendant must have been enriched by the receipt of a benefit;

(b) The benefit must have been gained at the claimant’s expense; and

(c) It would be unjust to allow the defendant to retain that benefit.

None of the three requirements are present in the plaintiff’s claim against
the second defendant.

130 The second defendant’s submissions pointed out that not even the deceased
could have reclaimed the assets that he settled into the BNP Trusts on the
basis of some restitutionary claim. If the second defendant and its
predecessors were not unjustly enriched at the expense of the plaintiff when
the deceased settled his assets into the two BNP Trusts, then the plaintiff
has no claim in restitution against the second defendant.

131 It bears remembering that the plaintiff had expressly disavowed any
allegations of fraud and wrongdoing against the second defendant in her
pleadings (as noted at [52] above).

132 However and here I need to digress, in her closing submissions as alluded
to at [53], the plaintiff did a _volte face_ and levelled fresh accusations
against the second defendant that were not pleaded nor was evidence adduced at
the trial in support thereof.

133 To elaborate, the plaintiff’s closing submissions[note: 27] alleged _inter
alia_ that:

(a) The deceased was concealing assets from the plaintiff which was obvious to
BPITL but that the latter wilfully shut its eyes to it and wilfully and
recklessly failed to make inquiries which an honest and reasonable man would
make in the circumstances and that the second defendant was in the same
position as BPITL;

(b) That the second defendant independently knew what BPITL knew when it took
over as trustee in September 2003 and also knowingly assisted the deceased in
his dishonest endeavours thereafter by;

(i) The review it undertook when it became trustee of the 1999 BNP Trust in
September 2003; and

(ii) The fact that it continued to treat the deceased as the real beneficiary
of the 1999 BNP Trust and sought to cover up BPITL’s wrongful act in (c) below
by redrawing accounts and destroying the original accounts.

(c) The second defendant had breached its fiduciary duties when it covered up
BPITL’s transfer (on the deceased’s instructions) of trust monies of US$2m to
Springdale, which was not a beneficiary under the 1999 BNP Trust; and

(d) That the second defendant had actual knowledge of the deceased’s fraud by
26 November 2009 when the plaintiff commenced this suit.

134 The above allegations run counter to the plaintiff’s case that she was not
making any allegations of fraud or wrongdoing against the second defendant.
Indeed, she had amended her statement of claim in May 2010 to remove her
original allegation that the second defendant was liable to account to her as
an institutional constructive trustee on the grounds of knowing receipt of the
assets that the deceased had settled into the 1999 BNP Trust.

135 That being the case, it would not even be necessary to consider the second
defendant’s reply submissions that the new allegations raised by the plaintiff
had no merits in any event. The plaintiff had breached the fundamental rule
that a party is bound by its pleadings. Therefore, any allegations and/or
issues not pleaded are to be disregarded by this court. Further, under O 18 r
12(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed), allegations of fraud,
negligence or misconduct have to be particularised. Otherwise, serious and
irreparable prejudice would be caused to the second defendant at this late
stage of the proceedings. Had the plaintiff’s fresh allegations been pleaded
or even put to Shute during cross-examination, the second defendant would at
least have had an opportunity to respond to them in the course of the trial.
Consequently, this court will ignore the plaintiff’s submissions that went
beyond her pleaded case.

136 The plaintiff’s closing submissions[note: 28] also asserted that an
adverse inference should be drawn against the second defendant for its failure
to call Sharon to testify. I reject this submission outright as being
completely unmeritorious. In this regard, I refer to the notes of
evidence[note: 29] for the exchange between parties’ counsel and the court on
the last day of trial when counsel for the second defendant indicated that he
would not be calling Sharon to the stand:

Tong: |  Your Honour, we have a Ms Sharon Loo who’s filed an affidavit on the 8th of November.  
---|---  
Court: |  Yes.  
Tong: |  We do not intend to call her as a witness and so we’ll withdraw the affidavit.  
Court:  |  Oh. You close your case then?  
Tong: |  Yes, your Honour.  
Court: |  All right, we finish earlier than expected. Yes Ms Rajah.  
Rajah: |  No. I just wanted to inquire whether she is available witness that they’re just not calling?  
Tong: |  She is available.  
Rajah: |  Then that---that’s all I wanted to establish.  
Court: |  You want to cross-examine her, Ms Rajah?  
Rajah: |  Well, I have prepared but no, I---I just wanted to know whether she was---because she’s the 6th witness, she’s got an affidavit.  
Court: |  That’s right.  
Tong: |  She ---  
Rajah: |  They’re not calling her. That---that’s fine. It’s my learned friend’s right not to call her. I just wanted to know whether if she was an available witness that they’re not calling, that’s all.  
Tong: |  I can confirm she’s available and in fact she was contactable by us until lunchtime before, yes, we came to Court.  
Court: |  All right, you close your case. Submissions?  
  
  

137 The plaintiff’s submission was based on s 116 illustration (g) of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Evidence Act”) which states:

**Court may presume existence of certain fact**

116 The court may presume the existence of any fact which it thinks likely to
have happened, regard being had to the common course of natural events, human
conduct, and public and private business, in their relation to the facts of
the particular case.

_Illustrations_

The court may presume —

...

...

(_g_) that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it;

138 Section 116(g) of the Evidence Act can have no application here because
counsel for the plaintiff was aware from Sharon’s AEIC, of the evidence that
Sharon would have given had she taken the stand. The fact that the second
defendant did not wish to call her did not mean that counsel for the plaintiff
could not have cross-examined Sharon; she was available as a witness as
counsel for the second defendant informed the court at [136]. Indeed, the
court had inquired specifically whether counsel for the plaintiff wanted to
and she declined, to cross-examine Sharon. There was therefore no basis for
the plaintiff’s submission that an adverse inference should be drawn against
the second defendant for not calling Sharon to testify.

139 There is even less merit in the plaintiff’s pleaded contention that for
these proceedings, the second defendant should be made to pay costs personally
(including costs to the first defendant) and to pay the plaintiff’s costs on
an indemnity basis. The second defendant had defended the proceedings on the
specific orders of the Jersey court as the 2002 BNP Trust was incorporated in
the Jersey islands and subject to its laws. There was no basis for the
plaintiff’s contention that the second defendant should bear costs personally
and pay her costs on an indemnity basis.

Conclusion

140 The plaintiff’s claims were weak, based on suppositions and surmises and
were essentially unfounded. In the result, I dismiss her claims with costs
(one set each) to the two defendants to be taxed on a standard basis unless
otherwise agreed. Subject to the approval of the Jersey courts, the second
defendant’s solicitors’ costs (less costs recoverable from the plaintiff)
shall be borne equally by the 1999 and 2002 BNP Trusts.

* * *

[note: 1]1 AB169

[note: 2]1AB173

[note: 3]3AB17

[note: 4]1AB216

[note: 5]1AB932

[note: 6]1AB207

[note: 7]1AB887

[note: 8]1AB517

[note: 9]1AB1106

[note: 10]N/E 52

[note: 11]N/E 31-32

[note: 12]1AB285

[note: 13]1AB850

[note: 14]N/E 145-146

[note: 15]1AB1066

[note: 16]N/E 144

[note: 17]AB410-411

[note: 18]N/E 86

[note: 19]N/E 87

[note: 20]N/E 67

[note: 21]N/E 68

[note: 22]1AB1100

[note: 23]1AB271-272

[note: 24]N/E 77

[note: 25]1AB1224

[note: 26]1AB1687

[note: 27]Paras 404 to 431.

[note: 28]Para 432

[note: 29]N/E 344

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Sep 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

