Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ALS Memasa and another _v_ UBS AG  
[2012] SGHC 30

Case Number| :| Suit No 935 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal Nos 233 and 234 of
2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N Sreenivasan and Sujatha Selvakumar (Straits Law
Practice LLC) for plaintiffs/appellants; Hri Kumar Nair, SC, Benedict Teo and
Charmaine Chiu (Drew & Napier LLC) for defendant/respondent.  
Parties| :|  ALS Memasa and another — UBS AG  
  
9 February 2012|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs are customers of the defendant bank UBS AG (“UBS”). The
present action (“Suit 935/10”) is a claim by the plaintiffs for an account of
all transactions carried on by UBS for the plaintiffs on three accounts and
for damages to be assessed.

2 UBS applied to strike out the Statement of Claim (“SOC”). Consequently, the
plaintiffs filed an application to amend the SOC. Eventually, an Assistant
Registrar (“AR”) dismissed the plaintiffs’ application to amend the SOC and
granted UBS’ application to strike out the SOC.

3 The plaintiffs appealed against both these decisions. I dismissed both the
appeals with costs. The plaintiffs have filed an appeal against my decisions.

The background

4 The first plaintiff, ALS Memasa (“AM”) is the daughter of the second
plaintiff, Tjo Bun Khai (“Tjo”). AM is about 65 years old and Tjo is about 95
years old. It is said by the plaintiffs that both of them do not speak, read
or write English.

5 Tjo is a wealthy retired Indonesian businessman who started and ran his own
manufacturing business. AM manages a company in the family business.

6 The plaintiffs were customers of a local bank Overseas Chinese Banking
Corporation Limited (“OCBC”) for over 40 years.

7 In late 2004 or early 2005, their accounts with OCBC came under the care of
one Gary Yeo (“Gary”). About six months later, Gary informed the plaintiffs
that he would be moving to UBS. In or around late 2006, the plaintiffs agreed
to move their bank accounts worth about US$8 million to UBS. Three accounts
were opened with UBS. Two of them were joint accounts and the third was a sole
account of Tjo.

8 Over time, various transactions were executed by UBS for the plaintiffs.
Losses were incurred on some of them. The plaintiffs’ claim appeared to be in
respect of all the transactions.

The pre-action discovery application

9 The plaintiffs first filed an application on 26 November 2009 in Singapore
seeking pre-action discovery against UBS, _ie_ , they were seeking documents
before filing a claim against UBS. This was Originating Summons No 1358 of
2009 (“OS 1358/09”). The application sought discovery of a wide range of
documents:

(a)

all confirmation slips;

(b)

all instruction notes;

(c)

all attendance notes;

(d)

all telephone memos;

(e)

all recommendations and advices given;

(f)

all information memos;

(g)

all analyses in relation to transactions recommended to the plaintiffs;

(h)

all documents given to the plaintiffs in relation to transactions recommended
to them;

(i)

access to listen to all telephone logs; and

(j)

all other documents evidencing transactions.

10 In written submissions before me, UBS summarised the application in OS
1358/09 and contended as follows:

...

23 Significantly, the Plaintiffs alleged in their affidavits filed in OS 1358
that:

(a) they were led to believe their accounts with [UBS] were **fixed deposit**
accounts, which was what they maintained with OCBC before moving to [UBS] ...
[emphasis in original]

(b) they did not know how they had lost money as they were unaware that their
**deposits** were “ _high risk_ _investments_ ” and “ _don’t understand how
that came_ _about_ ” ... [emphases in original]

(c) they did not authorise the investments made in the Accounts and did not
give instructions on the investments ...

24 They further alleged that they needed discovery of, among other things, the
subject documents in order to understand how they suffered losses in the
Accounts, and to formulate their cause of action against [UBS] ...

25 There was no basis for the Plaintiffs’ pre-action discovery application.
The Plaintiffs already had the monthly statements and other transactional
documents which they received as customers, and which set out all the
transactions in the Accounts. What they really wanted were the [UBS]’s
internal documents. However, if their case was they did not authorise the
transactions in the Accounts, and were led to believe that they had fixed
deposit accounts and not investment accounts, they obviously could formulate
their cause of action against [UBS] without the documents.

11 It is undisputed that on 8 March 2010, the court dismissed OS 1358/09 with
costs. The plaintiffs did not appeal against this decision.

Suit 935/10 and the relevant applications and appeals

12 On 17 December 2010, about nine months after OS 1358/09 was dismissed, the
plaintiffs filed Suit 935/10.

13 On 11 January 2011, UBS filed its Defence.

14 On 11 February 2011, the plaintiffs filed their Reply.

15 On 14 February 2011, UBS filed Summons 613 of 2011 for an order to strike
out the SOC and to dismiss the action.

16 On 21 June 2011, an AR indicated that she was inclined to allow the
striking out application in part. However, she was prepared to allow the
plaintiffs to try to amend para 19 of the SOC in so far as it related to an
allegation by the plaintiffs about pre-contractual misrepresentation.

17 The plaintiffs then filed an application to amend on 5 July 2011 by way of
Summons 2942 of 2011. The proposed amendments went beyond what was
contemplated by the AR.

18 According to counsel for UBS, the plaintiffs’ counsel had accepted at the
continued hearing before the AR that the SOC as pleaded was unsustainable.

19 Eventually, on 19 July 2011, the AR dismissed the plaintiffs’ application
to amend and granted UBS’ application to strike out the SOC and dismiss the
action.

20 The plaintiffs filed RA No 233 of 2011 against the decision to strike out
the SOC and to dismiss the action. They filed RA No 234 of 2011 against the
decision to dismiss the plaintiffs’ application to amend.

21 In the course of the hearing of the appeals, the plaintiffs sought to make
further amendments to the SOC as I shall elaborate below. As mentioned above,
I dismissed both appeals.

The court’s reasons

22 UBS’ application for an order to strike out the SOC and to dismiss the
action was based on various grounds, _ie_ , that the SOC:

(a) disclosed no reasonable cause of action;

(b) was scandalous, frivolous and vexatious;

(c) may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; and/or

(d) was otherwise an abuse of the process of the court.

23 For present purposes, I need focus only on the allegation about an abuse of
the process of the court.

24 In _Chee Siok Chin v Minister for Home Affairs_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 (“
_Chee Siok Chin_ ”), the High Court said:

34 The instances of abuse of process can therefore be systematically
classified into four categories, _viz_ :

(a) proceedings which involve a deception on the court, or are fictitious or
constitute a mere sham;

(b) proceedings where the _process of the court is not being fairly or
honestly used but is employed for some ulterior or improper purpose or in an
improper way_ ;

(c) proceedings which are _manifestly groundless or without foundation_ or
which serve no useful purpose;

(d) multiple or successive proceedings which cause or are likely to cause
improper vexation or oppression.

[emphases in original]

25 UBS’ counsel Mr Hri Kumar, SC submitted that the plaintiffs had abused the
process of the court by putting forward a false case.

26 He highlighted the plaintiffs’ application for pre-action discovery. Mr
Kumar submitted that that application was really an attempt by the plaintiffs
to construct their case by tailoring their case to suit the evidence which
they hoped to obtain from discovery, whereas the plaintiffs ought to know the
basis of their claim (or claims) against UBS without such discovery if their
allegations about unauthorised transactions were true.

27 The crux of the SOC was pleaded in paras 12, 18 and 19 thereof:

12\. To the best of the Plaintiffs recollection, other than signing various
documents presented to them from time to time by Gary Yeo or Donna Teo, they
have not given any direct instructions to the Defendants on the management of
the accounts nor were any instructions sought from them.

18\. By reason of how the accounts were managed the Plaintiffs have suffered
loss. Such loss must have occurred through the negligence, breach of duty,
lack of skill and or diligence as banker in managing the said accounts. In the
alternate there would have been dishonesty. The Plaintiffs are unable to
provide particulars until discovery and particulars of the management of the
accounts are provided by the Defendants.

19\. If, which is denied, the accounts were managed on the Plaintiffs’
instructions, the Plaintiffs alternatively aver that they relied on the
representations by [UBS]’ servants or agents Gary Yeo and/or Donna Yeo that
the Plaintiffs’ accounts were akin to safe deposit accounts and thus capital
safe, that such representation was false and or such representation was made
fraudulently or negligently and had caused them loss.

28 AM’s first affidavit to oppose UBS’ application to strike out reiterated
the plaintiffs’ allegations that they were told that their accounts with UBS
were akin to fixed deposit accounts just as what the plaintiffs previously had
with OCBC and that the plaintiffs did not give instructions for the various
trades executed for their accounts. However, there was also a qualification in
her first affidavit that if UBS had documents which show that AM did authorise
the transactions, she wanted to have discovery of such documents and also
documents on any advice UBS had given before the transactions were executed.

29 According to Mr Kumar, the affidavits filed for UBS in response to AM’s
first affidavit adduced undisputed evidence which demolished the primary
position of the plaintiffs that they had believed that their accounts with UBS
were akin to fixed deposit accounts (as was allegedly the case when the
accounts were with OCBC) and that the plaintiffs did not authorise the
transactions executed for their accounts with UBS. Mr Kumar elaborated in the
manner stated below.

External Securities transferred to UBS from other bank accounts of the
plaintiffs

30 Mr Kumar submitted that not all the investments in the accounts with UBS
were transacted by UBS. The plaintiffs had in fact authorised the transfer of
investments from their accounts with other banks, including OCBC, to UBS. Mr
Kumar referred to these investments (see para 43 of his submission) as:

(a)

the Mandiri bonds;

(b)

Bank Rakyak bonds;

(c)

RBS Notes; and

(d)

the Amgen Shares.

31 The above information demonstrated that not all investments held in the
accounts with UBS were derived from transactions executed by UBS. Moreover, it
also demonstrated that the plaintiffs’ accounts with OCBC were not akin to
fixed deposit accounts only as the plaintiffs had alleged.

Investments made through UBS – Constant Maturity Swap (“CMS”) notes

32 Mr Kumar submitted that the plaintiffs had instructed UBS to acquire CMS
notes which Mr Kumar described in para 48 of his submission as:

(a)

Lloyds Dual Range Accrual Note; and

(b)

ANZ note.

33 Mr Kumar submitted that the plaintiffs had signed purchase confirmations to
purchase the Lloyds Dual Range Accrual Note and to debit their accounts
accordingly. There was also a transcript of a recorded telephone conversation
between AM and a UBS officer showing that she had instructed UBS to purchase
the ANZ Note.

Investments made through UBS – Bonds

34 A transcript of a recorded telephone conversation on or about 3 September
2008 showed that UBS’ Audrey Kua (“Kua”), one of its client advisor assistants
had informed AM of a purchase of Russian Standard Bank (“RSB”) bonds for the
first account and AM confirmed her approval of the transaction. This showed
that the plaintiffs had authorised the transaction.

Investments made through UBS – Dual Currency Investments (“DCI”)

35 Mr Kumar submitted that the plaintiffs had authorised four DCIs. This was
evidenced by transcripts of recorded telephone conversations between AM and
officers of UBS.

The plaintiffs’ conduct post-margin call

36 Mr Kumar submitted that the plaintiffs’ conduct after UBS made a margin
call was consistent with UBS’ position that the plaintiffs had authorised the
various transactions in their accounts with UBS. For example:

(a) On or about 8 October 2008, when AM was informed by UBS of a margin call
(“the Margin Call conversation”) AM did not question why a margin call was
being made.

(b) On or about 8 October 2008, after the Margin Call conversation, AM had
asked which investment she should sell and admitted that she should not have
engaged in so many transactions.

(c) On or about 17 October 2008, AM offered more collateral.

(d) On or about 18 December 2008, AM had asked for an update and discussed her
investments. A course of action was proposed to her which she agreed with.

(e) On or about 6 February 2009, AM agreed to mortgage one of her Indonesian
properties to UBS as further collateral.

(f) On or about 11 February 2009, a UBS’ officer orally informed AM that UBS
would liquidate the RSB Bond if she failed to cover the shortfall that day. AM
tried to persuade UBS to withhold this step by, among other things, saying
that she would transfer some funds from OCBC to UBS and that she would provide
two properties as collateral.

37 As mentioned above, the plaintiffs sought to amend the SOC in the course of
arguments before the AR by filing Summons 2942 of 2011 on 6 July 2011. The
main proposed amendments then (for present purposes) were as follows:

11\. The Plaintiffs were thus at all material times customers of [UBS] and
maintained a banker-customer relationship. [UBS], as bankers, owed the
Plaintiffs a duty to act only to act upon instructions and owed a duty of care
to act honestly and with reasonable skill and diligence as banker, in advising
the Plaintiffs, in giving _complete and_ _accurate_ information to the
Plaintiffs and in taking instructions from the Plaintiffs and generally
managing the accounts of the Plaintiffs _only as instructed by the
Plaintiffs.__The Plaintiffs aver that some investments were made without
instructions and that some investments were made after instructions were
obtained without giving proper and complete advice._

12\. _[UBS], in breach of their duties as bankers acted and advised the
Plaintiffs negligently with regard to the nature and risk of the investments
and also acted without instructions. Full particulars of such negligent acts,
omissions and advice will be given after discovery. At this stage, the best
particulars that the Plaintiffs are able to give are as follows_ :

(_a_) [_UBS], on or about 3 September 2008, purchased Russian Bank bonds (the
“Russian Bonds”) for the account of the Plaintiffs, without instructions from
the Plaintiffs. After doing so, [UBS]__negligently represented to [AM] that
the Russian Bonds were low risk, when they were not low risk. As a result of
the purchase of the Russian Bonds, the Plaintiffs eventually lost a few
million US dollars on this “investment”._

(_b_) _[UBS] arranged for leveraged purchased of high risk investments even
though [UBS] had represented to the Plaintiffs that only low risk investments
akin to fixed deposits would be purchased. By leveraging the purchases, the
risks were significantly increased._

_The discovery that the Plaintiff require, to give particulars, would be
purported instructions and telephone recordings which set out the
conversations between the Plaintiffs and [UBS]’ representatives._

...

_15_ Sometime in October 2008 the Plaintiffs were informed that they had lost
over US$2 million. The Plaintiffs do not know or understand how the money was
lost. _The Plaintiffs believe several of the transactions were carried out by
[UBS] without mandate or instruction by the Plaintiffs. Full particulars will
be given after discovery._

...

_20_ _The Plaintiffs suffered an estimated loss of about US$5,000,000.00 The
losses occurred because transactions were carried out in relation to the
Accounts, without instructions or mandate and/or because_ the Plaintiffs
relied on the representations by [UBS]’ servants or agents Gary Yeo and/or
Donna Teo that the _investments made in the_ Plaintiffs’ accounts were akin to
safe deposit accounts _and were low risk_ and thus capital safe. _The
Plaintiffs aver_ that such representation was false _and_ made negligently and
had caused them loss.

38 The plaintiffs alleged that they had no knowledge of the English language
and at times they were presented with only the signing page of a document to
sign. The plaintiffs also alleged that in or about April 2009, they had
travelled to Singapore to meet Gary and/or his assistant Donna Teo to
understand how and why the alleged losses had been incurred. Eventually UBS’
Ms Ling-Ly Loh, instead of Gary or Donna, met with the plaintiffs on 9 April
2009. At the end of the meeting, she said that she would raise the plaintiffs’
concerns with UBS. On 13 April 2009, UBS wrote to say that they were
investigating and anticipated providing a formal response in due course.
However, no explanation was provided by UBS thereafter.

39 On the other hand, it was not disputed that the plaintiffs had received
various documents from UBS such as:

(a)

monthly current account statements;

(b)

monthly statements of account which provided, among other things, an overview
of their asset allocation, evaluation of the performance of their investments
and detailed position according to asset type;

(c)

trade advices/confirmations. The last category provided the plaintiffs with
details of each transaction executed; and

(d)

confirmations for the DCI transactions.

40 As mentioned above, the AR dismissed their application to amend and granted
UBS’ application to strike out the SOC on 19 July 2011.

41 I was of the view that notwithstanding the plaintiffs’ lack of knowledge of
the English language, they were not as naive or ignorant as they wanted the
court to believe. Moreover, with all the documents which they had already
received from UBS, they would know or be able to obtain advice to ascertain
every transaction executed on any of their accounts with UBS. Consequently,
they must know which transaction was unauthorised and which exceeded their
authority and which was based on negligent representation or advice from UBS.

42 The plaintiffs’ counsel Mr Sreenivasan submitted that at times it was
difficult to say if a transaction was executed without authority or in excess
of authority. For example, if UBS bought an investment for one of the
plaintiffs’ accounts at a price higher than what was authorised, was that a
case of lack of authority or excess of authority?

43 It seemed to me that this submission did not help the plaintiffs. Theirs
was not a case of a difficulty in categorising their claims. In para 12 of the
SOC (see [27] above), the plaintiffs were asserting categorically that they
had not given any direct instructions on the management of the accounts nor
were any instructions sought from them.

44 Although para 18 of the SOC alleged “By reason of how the accounts were
managed ... loss must have occurred through the negligence, breach of duty,
lack of skill and or diligence as banker in managing the said accounts”, this
allegation was not pleaded as an alternative to para 12. In view of the
reference to how the accounts were managed by UBS, it appeared to flow from
the allegation in para 12 about an absence of instruction from the plaintiffs.

45 Furthermore, as already mentioned, the position of the plaintiffs as
asserted in the supporting affidavit for the pre-action discovery and in AM’s
first affidavit to oppose the application to strike out was that the
plaintiffs had not been given instructions for the transactions.

46 The evidence which UBS produced showed that the plaintiffs had lied. In so
far as the transactions had been executed by UBS, many, if not all, were
executed on instructions from AM or affirmed by her after she was informed of
the transactions.

47 In addition, the plaintiffs’ accounts with OCBC were not simple fixed
deposit accounts or the like as the plaintiffs had said.

48 I reiterate that the plaintiffs must know, without the need for discovery
for the time being, which transaction was unauthorised (in the sense of
absence of instruction) and which was authorised but based on negligent
representation from UBS. Likewise, they must also know which transaction was
executed in excess of authority in the sense, for example, when UBS made
purchases at a higher price than was instructed by AM. I agreed that they were
hoping to obtain evidence first and then construct and tailor their claims
accordingly in order that they would not be caught out. However, they first
had to say what their main allegation or allegations were and, as it turned
out, they were caught out on this.

49 It seemed to me that what the plaintiffs had done could arguably come
within the first or second category mentioned in _Chee Siok Chin_ (see [24]
above). Even if it did not, I was of the view that the four categories in
_Chee_ _Siok Chin_ were not exhaustive and what the plaintiffs had done still
amounted to an abuse of process. They had pleaded a cause of action which they
knew must be untrue for many, if not all, the transactions executed by UBS.

50 Even after UBS had produced evidence to show that many, if not all, the
transactions had been executed with prior instruction or had been affirmed
after the transactions had been executed, the plaintiffs were still alleging
in para 20 of their first set of proposed amendments (set out at [37] above)
an absence of instruction “and/or” reliance on UBS’ representations.

51 I agreed that an allegation of reliance on UBS’ representations was
contrary to an allegation of an absence of instruction. The plaintiffs had to
decide which of the allegations they were relying on and in respect of which
transaction especially when they were seeking liberty from the court to amend
the SOC.

52 No reason was given by them as to why they made the sweeping allegation
that they did in the SOC about an absence of instruction when they must have
known otherwise. Neither did they explain why they still could not identify
which transaction was made without authority at all and which was made in
reliance on representations. Indeed, there was no supporting affidavit
initially to support the application to make the proposed amendments.

53 Nevertheless, there was some evidence that as regards one transaction, UBS
might have purchased RSB bonds without instruction and AM then affirmed the
purchase after a discussion with a UBS officer. In that discussion, some
representations were made by the UBS officer.

54 However, Mr Kumar submitted that even if it was true that the RSB bonds
were purchased without instruction initially and some representations were
then made by a UBS officer after which AM affirmed the purchase, the
plaintiffs would still be precluded by contractual terms on relying on any
such representation. He relied on _Orient Centre Investments Ltd v Societe
Generale_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 566 to support this point.

55 Mr Kumar’s written submissions set out the relevant contractual terms as
follows:

157\. Clause 7.1 of Section 1 (Account Mandate) of the Account Terms and
Conditions states:

7.1 The Client accepts all risks arising from its opening and maintenance of
the Account and acceptance of any of the Services made available by the Bank,
including but not limited to, any loss suffered as a result of entering into
any investment, trading or other transaction. The Client’s attention is drawn
to and the Client acknowledges that he has read and fully understood the Risk
Disclosure Statement and all documents referred to therein (as evidenced by
his signature thereto or in the Account Opening Form). In accepting Services
made available by the Bank (other than discretionary investment or management
services), the Client acknowledges that it makes its own assessment and relies
on its own judgment. The Bank is not obliged to give advice or make
recommendations and, notwithstanding that the Bank may do so on request by the
Client or otherwise, such advice or recommendations are given or made
diligently, and with reasonable care based on analyses and available
alternatives the Bank should reasonably know to exist (and the Client
acknowledges and agrees that it is so given or made) without any
responsibility on the part of the Bank and on the basis that the Client will
nevertheless make its own assessment and rely on its own judgment.

158\. Clause 1 of Section 6 (Risk Disclosure Statement) of the Account Terms
and Conditions states:

1. **General Conditions**

a.The terms and conditions in this Section 6 are applicable to transactions
involving equities, foreign exchange, precious metals, bonds, commodities,
interest rates, securities, market indices and any combination of these, and
any spot, forward contracts, swaps, options and other derivatives transactions
thereof including any structured products incorporating any or any combination
of the preceding (the “Transactions”).

b.Due to the volatile nature of the Transactions and the underlying assets
therein, participation in a Transaction involves a certain degree of risk. The
Client’s attention is hereby drawn to such risks (which can be substantial).
The Client should consult his advisors on the nature of such Transactions and
carefully consider whether the kind of Transaction is appropriate for him in
the light of his experience, objectives and personal and financial
circumstances. The Client carries the burden of all risks involved in such
Transactions and the Bank is not responsible for any losses whatsoever or
howsoever arising from the Transactions.

...

d.By entering into any Transaction with the Bank, the Client confirms that he
has read and fully understood this Risk Disclosure Statement and all product
term sheets, annexures and supplements pertaining to the Transaction, and that
he fully understands the nature of the Transaction and the terms and
conditions governing the said Transaction, including the Bank’s margin
requirements (if applicable).

...

e.By entering into any Transaction with the Bank, the Client acknowledges that
he makes his own assessment and relies on his own judgment in relation to any
and all investment or trading or other decisions in respect of such
Transaction and accepts any and all risks associated therewith and any losses
suffered as a result of entering into any Transaction.

f.The Bank is not obliged to give advice or make recommendations and,
notwithstanding that it may do so on request by the Client or otherwise, such
advice or recommendations are given or made (and the Client acknowledges and
agrees that it is so given or made) without any responsibility on the part of
the Bank and on the basis that the Client will nevertheless make his own
assessment and rely on his own judgment.

159\. Clause 22 of Section IV (Exchange Traded Option Trading Facility) of the
Investment Terms and Conditions provides:

22 **Acknowledgement of Risk**

The Client confirms that he has received, read and understood the content of
the Risk Disclosure Statement and in entering into any transaction, the Client
has decided to do so based on the Client’s personal judgment, and independent
of any advice or recommendation of the Bank, and will calculate and do accept
the risk involved.

56 To avoid the application of these terms, the plaintiffs relied on _non est_
_factum_ for the same reasons, _eg_ , that they did not understand English,
that the documents they signed were not explained to them and that only the
signing page of some documents was shown to them.

57 At the first hearing of both appeals before me on 16 September 2011, I
indicated to counsel that it was for the plaintiffs to specify clearly what
they were alleging and for which transaction. For example, it was for them to
specify which transaction was entered into without instruction and which was
entered into because of misrepresentation from UBS. Since they were not able
to do so, except perhaps for the RSB bond transaction, I might allow the
plaintiffs to amend the SOC to claim against UBS in respect of this
transaction only. I directed their counsel to prepare a draft of a new set of
proposed amendments which would confine their claim to the RSB bond
transaction. I also directed counsel for both sides to see if they could agree
on the new proposed amendments if my eventual decision was indeed to allow a
claim for the purchase of RSB bonds to continue.

58 Consequently, the plaintiffs’ solicitors sent a letter dated 27 September
2011 to UBS’ solicitors, Drew & Napier, with an enclosed draft of their
proposed amendments to the SOC (“the 2nd Draft SOC”). However, Drew & Napier
did not agree on the new proposed amendments.

59 At the next hearing before me on 1 November 2011, Mr Kumar reiterated the
point that there was no supporting affidavit for the first set of proposed
amendments before the AR or any new proposed amendments in the 2nd Draft SOC
before me. Mr Kumar stressed that the plaintiffs had not explained their
contradictions and had advanced a false case about absence of instructions.
Accordingly, Mr Sreenivasan orally applied for an adjournment to file a
supporting affidavit which Mr Kumar did not object to. In the meantime, Mr
Kumar also criticised certain aspects of the proposed amendments in the 2nd
Draft SOC. I granted the adjournment with directions for the filing and
service of an affidavit for the plaintiffs and of their latest draft of
proposed amendments to the SOC.

60 AM filed her next affidavit on 8 November 2011. She alleged that as regards
the bonds purchased by the plaintiffs through OCBC (see [30] above) those
bonds were low risk and issued by Indonesian banks. She had equated them with
fixed deposits.

61 As regards a point previously taken by UBS that transcripts of
conversations with her showed that she was using phrases and acronyms in
respect of CMS and DCI products, AM said that she was merely repeating words
used by UBS without understanding what most of them meant.

62 This affidavit of AM also exhibited the latest draft of the proposed
amendments to the SOC (“the 3rd Draft SOC”). The material part of the latest
draft for present purposes was as follows:

12\. At all material times the Plaintiffs believed that their Accounts would
be managed by Gary Yeo and Donna Teo, as agents or servants of [UBS], and that
these persons would act as relationship managers whose duties would include
the general handling of the accounts, proposing _investments_ and giving
correct and complete information in relation to _such investments and the_
accounts and taking and executing the Plaintiffs’ instructions correctly and
with proper mandate. _In taking instructions, [UBS] were at all_ _times
obliged to give correct and complete information that would properly and
accurately represent the nature of the investments being recommended and to
properly and accurately represent the risks involved in the investments. The
Plaintiffs aver that instructions given where the nature of and risks involved
in investments were improperly or inaccurately represented by [UBS] were not
instructions that [UBS] could act or rely on and to do so is tantamount to
acting without instructions._ Further, the Plaintiffs aver that Gary Yeo and
Donna Teo, the agents or servants of [UBS] owed the Plaintiffs a duty of care
to act honestly and with reasonable skill and diligence in carrying out these
duties in relation to the Plaintiffs’ accounts.

13\. _[UBS], in breach of their duties acted without instructions and advised
the Plaintiffs negligently with regard to the nature and risk of the
investments._

_Particulars_

_a_. _[UBS], purchased bonds of the [RSB] having a face value of US$4 million,
at a cost of about US$3.8 million, on or about 3 September 2008, on account of
the Plaintiffs, without instructions from the Plaintiffs. The [RSB] bonds were
purchased on leverage, thereby significantly adding to the risks._

_b_. _After the purchase, [UBS] informed [AM] of the purchase. Intending the
Plaintiffs to act on their representations, [UBS] represented to [AM] that the
investment in the [RSB] bonds were low risk, when they were not low risk, by_
__inter alia__ _making the following statements to [AM]:_

(_i_) _“No there are no ups and down. For bonds, there are no ups and down.”_

(_ii_) _“For this one, it is not bad, because it is not involved in those
risky businesses. It only does normal banks in Russia, so the risk is not very
big.”_

(_iii_) _“Ya, BBB minus” and “For that, I think it is of little consequence.”_

_c_. _Relying on the representations set out in sub-paragraph (b) above, the
Plaintiffs continued to hold and did not sell the_ _[RSB] bonds. The said
representations were false in that the price of the [RSB] Bonds could go up
and down; did go down and it was false that the risks was not very big and
that the BBB minus rating was of little consequence. [UBS] were negligent in
making the said representations and had thereby caused loss and damage to the
Plaintiffs._

...

63 In response, UBS filed an affidavit from Kua. She said that the Indonesian
bonds purchased by the plaintiffs through OCBC, _ie_ , the Mandiri bonds and
the Bank Rakyat bonds were highly speculative according to certain ratings. In
contrast, the RSB bonds (purchased through UBS) had a higher investment grade.
Furthermore, Kua said that AM did not elaborate on the other investments in
the plaintiffs’ accounts with OCBC and yet another bank, _ie_ , Coutts Bank.
According to Kua, documents exhibited in an earlier affidavit of Nor Azman Bin
Hamid, an Executive Director of UBS’ Legal and Compliance department, filed on
14 April 2011, showed that the plaintiffs had a Yen loan and an investment in
CMS on a leveraged basis with OCBC and had borrowed Yen to purchase US Dollars
with Coutts Bank.

64 Kua also alleged that in fact the RSB bonds were purchased with AM’s
instruction after she had been provided with three sheets of information on
the RSB bonds. So, it was, after all, not a case of AM having affirmed the
purchase after it was effected.

65 According to the plaintiffs, the RSB bonds were purchased at a face value
of US$4 million at a cost of about US$3.8 million on or about 3 September 2008
for the account of the plaintiffs. It was apparently the largest transaction
(in value) executed by UBS for them. Surely by the time the plaintiffs
commenced the action, they must have a position on what had transpired in
respect of this transaction. For example:

(a) did AM give an instruction to buy and if so, was her instruction based on
alleged misrepresentation from UBS or

(b) was the purchase made initially without instruction but affirmed
thereafter by AM and, if so, was her affirmation based on alleged
misrepresentation from UBS? or

(c) was there no instruction (and no affirmation) whatsoever?

66 It will be re-called that initially when the plaintiffs had applied for
pre-action discovery, their position was that there was no instruction
whatsoever for all the transactions (including the one for the RSB bonds)
executed by UBS.

67 By the time of the first hearing of the appeals before me on 16 September
2011, their position in respect of the purchase of the RSB bonds was that this
purchase was made initially without instruction but affirmed thereafter by AM
based on alleged misrepresentation from UBS.

68 This was apparently their position at the second hearing before me on 1
November 2011. It was also their position at the third hearing before me on 10
January 2012.

69 Consequently, at the third hearing before me, Mr Kumar pressed home the
point about the contractual terms which precluded the plaintiffs from relying
on any alleged misrepresentation from UBS. In response, the plaintiffs
continued to rely on their arguments that they did not understand English and
so on. They still relied on the defence of _non est factum_.

70 However, the Court of Appeal recently issued a timely reminder in _Soon Kok
Tiang and others v DBS Bank Ltd and another matter_ [2011] SGCA 55 on 2
November 2011. At [63], Chan Sek Keong CJ said:

In view of our decision in this appeal, we think it apposite and timely to
remind the general public that under the law of contract, a person who signs a
contract which is set out in a language he is not familiar with or whose terms
he may not understand is nonetheless bound by the terms of that contract.
Illiteracy, whether linguistic, financial or general, does not enable a
contracting party to avoid a contract whose terms he has expressly agreed to
be bound by. The principle of _caveat emptor_ applies equally to literates and
illiterates in such circumstances.

71 Besides, this was not really a case of _non est factum_. The plaintiffs
were not saying that the nature of the UBS documents which they had signed
were _per se_ different from what they thought the nature was. Instead, Mr
Sreenivasan was arguing that the terms which UBS was relying on made the
documents in question so markedly different that the plaintiffs could rely on
_non est factum_. He gave the following example. If a client engaged a
solicitor to give advice and if the client signed a letter of engagement which
stated that the client was relying on his own judgment and not on any advice
from the solicitor, then that would be a case of _non est factum_.

72 While I was of the view that it may be that a solicitor in such a situation
could not escape liability for negligent advice entirely, it would not be on
the ground of _non est factum_. In my view, the plaintiffs’ attempt to avoid
the contractual terms was not a case of _non est factum_. Furthermore, the
plaintiffs did not exhibit the contractual terms which they had with OCBC or
with any other bank to make their point about UBS’ terms being so markedly
different from what one would expect from such banking documents.

73 It may be arguable that UBS’ contractual terms should not apply in
situations if in fact misrepresentation was made by UBS in view of the Unfair
Contract Terms Act (Cap 396 1994 Rev Ed). However, the plaintiffs were not
relying on this point even though it was mentioned by Mr Kumar and by this
court.

74 Sensing that the plaintiffs’ claim in respect of the RSB bonds might not
survive UBS’ contractual terms, Mr Sreenivasan then said that in fact the
plaintiffs’ case on this purchase was that there was no instruction whatsoever
to purchase, or affirm the purchase, of the bonds. However, he was constrained
by the 3rd Draft SOC he had tendered.

75 Para 12 thereof is set out above at [62]. It asserted that instructions
given based on improper or inaccurate representation from UBS were not
instructions on which UBS could act and to do so was tantamount to acting
without instructions. This qualification therefore applied to the subsequent
paragraphs of the latest draft where an allegation was made of there being no
instruction.

76 It is useful to remember that when the 3rd Draft SOC was tendered, it was
meant to be confined to one transaction, _ie_ , the purchase of the RSB bonds.
If the plaintiffs’ position was that there was no instruction whatsoever, then
the qualification in para 12 of that draft was meaningless. Either there was
no such instruction or any instruction given was based on misrepresentation
from UBS. It could not be both.

77 Mr Sreenivasan sought to extricate the plaintiffs from their predicament.
He argued that if consent was given and that consent was based on a lack of
information or misrepresentation, then it was not informed consent. In my
view, that was not the point. The plaintiffs had to make up their mind first
as to whether they were, as a fact, asserting that consent had not been given.
If they accepted, as a fact, that consent had been given then they could
assert that it was not informed consent. However, if they were asserting that,
in fact, no consent had been given, then the question of informed consent was
irrelevant. Counsel was conflating the two.

78 The plaintiffs were taking the latter position, _ie_ , that consent was
given but that it was based on misrepresentation. For present purposes, it did
not matter whether the consent was given before the purchase was effected or
was an affirmation after the purchase. The plaintiffs were precluded from
relying on any misrepresentation because of the contractual terms. That was
why Mr Sreenivasan reverted to the argument about there being no
consent/instruction whatsoever, but when he was reminded about the substance
of the 3rd Draft SOC and in particular, para 12 thereof, he sought to raise
the argument about lack of informed consent. In my view, his analogy about
lack of informed consent was, in substance, the same argument he had already
raised, _ie_ , that there was no instruction in the sense that the instruction
was based on misrepresentation.

79 Mr Sreenivasan also suggested that the 3rd Draft SOC had included
alternative positions. First, an absence of consent whatsoever. Alternatively,
an absence of informed consent in that the consent was based on
misrepresentation.

80 However, in my view, there was no alternative plea in the latest draft. If
counsel had really intended to plead the plaintiffs’ case in the alternative,
it would have been a simple matter for him to do so clearly. He had been given
more than sufficient time to try and present proposed amendments ever since
the hearing before the AR.

81 Besides, AM had to assert in her affidavits which position she was taking.
It was one thing to try and plead contradictory facts (assuming the plea was
clearly made). It was another to assert contradictory facts in an affidavit
especially when the deponent had personal knowledge of the facts.

82 Mr Sreenivasan referred to the third affidavit of AM filed on 8 November
2011. She said at para 13:

[UBS] have picked on the fact that I stated that I did not know that the
transactions were being done. I would like to state that there is a
discrepancy as to what was being done and what I thought was being done, as
they were different things. In relation to the [RSB] bonds, the key
conversation and transcript will be the conversation, if any, where I am
purported to have given instructions; to show whether what was told to me and
what I said, amounted to instructions for the leveraged purchased of [RSB]
bonds.

83 Mr Sreenivasan submitted that AM’s reference to “the conversation, if any
...” showed that AM was suggesting that no instructions had been given to
purchase the RSB bonds. In my view, that phrase should not be considered in
isolation. When para 13 was considered in its entirety, it was clear to me
that AM was taking the position that she had given the instructions to
purchase (or affirm the purchase) but such instructions were based on what UBS
had represented to her. Why else would AM refer to “a discrepancy as to what
was being done and what I thought was being done” and “to show whether what
was told to me and what I said, amounted to instructions ...”. Again, if she
had simply wanted to say that no instruction was given, all the qualifications
would be irrelevant. The reference to “the conversation, if any ...” was just
another attempt to hedge her position. Notwithstanding her position that her
instruction was due to misrepresentation from UBS, she still wanted to reserve
a possible recourse to a contradictory position, _ie_ , that there was no
instruction at all.

84 Furthermore, one of AM’s earlier affidavits reinforced the point that she
was asserting that instruction had been given but based on misrepresentation.
She said in her affidavit filed on 18 May 2011 at paras 23 and 24:

23\. ... Further, it is not that I did not know that a transaction was being
done; my main complaint is that the nature and risk off [_sic_] the
transaction was not explained to me and/or was misrepresented to me.

24\. From the limited transcripts given, I can identify one key
misrepresentation. I refer to page 45 of Elaine’s 1st Affidavit. [Kua] says
that there are “ _no ups and down_ ” for the [RSB] bonds. [Kua] went on to say
that a BBB minus rating is of little consequence. This occurred after I had
bought the bond but shows that [UBS] were not honest with me. [UBS] did not
advise me as to the risks and often misrepresented the risk level of these
investments. The conversation where I was advised to buy the bonds, in July
2008, I was told by Gary that the investment in [RSB] is a low risk, short
term investment. However, no transcripts have been transcribed or provided by
[UBS} in their Affidavits thus far of this conversation.

85 Hence, in view of the 3rd Draft SOC and the affidavits of AM, it was too
late for the plaintiffs to revert to a position of no instruction at all.

86 I should mention one other point. The 3rd Draft SOC stated, at para 13(a),
that the RSB bonds were purchased on leverage, thereby significantly adding to
the risks. Yet there was no allegation beside this bare fact. The plaintiffs
were not alleging that the purchase on leverage was made without instruction.
Neither were they alleging that their use of leverage was based on the same or
some other misrepresentation from UBS. If they had sought to rely on
misrepresentation in the context of purchasing on leverage, they would again
have been caught by the contractual terms.

87 Accordingly I dismissed the appeal against the AR’s decision to dismiss the
application to amend the SOC and I also dismissed the appeal against the AR’s
decision to strike out the SOC. I fixed the quantum of costs for the appeals
on an indemnity basis at $50,000 plus reasonable disbursements which were
agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

