Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Kee Huat _v_ Lim Kui Lin  
[2012] SGHC 218

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 481 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  V Ramakrishnan (V Ramakrishnan & Co) for the plaintiff;
Patrick Yeo and Jayaprakash (KhattarWong) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tan Kee Huat — Lim Kui Lin  
  
30 October 2012|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This application arose out of DC Suit 3104 of 2009/Y (“the DC Suit”). The
plaintiff in the DC Suit and in this Originating Summons was Tan Kee Huat
(“the plaintiff”). The defendant in the DC Suit and in this Originating
Summons was Lim Kui Lin (“the defendant”).

2 The plaintiff commenced the DC Suit in 2009 to recover damages arising from
injuries that he sustained when his taxi was involved in a collision with a
vehicle driven by the defendant. The insurers of the defendant’s vehicle
conducted the defence on his behalf. Subsequently, negotiations took place and
the defendant’s insurers agreed that he should consent to interlocutory
judgment being entered against him on the basis that the defendant would bear
85% of the damages sustained by the plaintiff. Accordingly, interlocutory
judgment for damages to be assessed was entered by consent in the DC Suit on
17 March 2010.

3 The Originating Summons herein was filed on 17 May 2012. The plaintiff
prayed for an order that the action be transferred from the District Court to
the High Court and be tried as a suit on the basis that the sum involved
exceeded $250,000, the limit of the District Court’s jurisdiction.

4 I heard the application on 13 August 2012 and allowed it on the basis that
the interlocutory judgment was set aside so that after the proceedings had
been transferred to the High Court the defendant would be able to defend the
suit and argue that his liability, if any, should be for less than 85% of the
plaintiff’s damages. The defendant and his insurers are not happy with this
outcome and have lodged an appeal.

Background

5 On 14 October 2008, the plaintiff was driving his taxi along Upper East
Coast Road when it was involved in a collision with vehicle no SGR1857K,
driven by the defendant. As a result of the accident, the plaintiff suffered
personal injuries. He was taken to Changi General Hospital where he complained
of pain in the right foot. X-rays of his right foot showed fractures of the
neck of the third and fourth metatarsals. The plaintiff was treated for pain
and was discharged with analgesics and crutches. He was given two weeks’
hospitalisation leave.

6 A medical report dated 12 February 2009 stated that on 21 October 2008, the
plaintiff was seen in the Orthopaedics Clinic of Changi General Hospital. He
complained of neck pain, back pain and right foot pain and swelling arising
after the accident. An MRI scan of his cervical spine was performed and the
result was normal. He was treated with analgesics and his right foot was kept
in a cast. Upon subsequent reviews, his neck and back pain had apparently
resolved and his fractures were healing. The plaintiff was to be reviewed
again in late February 2009 and his diagnoses were: (a) neck and back strain
and (b) right foot third and fourth metatarsal fractures. The letter stated
that the plaintiff’s hospitalisation leave was from 21 October 2008 to 25
February 2009.

7 The plaintiff continued to complain of pain and a further MRI scan was
conducted in June 2009. The plaintiff attended regularly at the outpatient
clinic for treatment complaining of intermittent pain over his right foot,
neck and lower back region. In a report dated 13 August 2009, a senior
consultant at the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery at Changi General
Hospital, Dr Low Boon Yong, stated that the plaintiff’s foot injury had
recovered well and the cervical spine had recovered satisfactorily. There was
no evidence of residual disability in either area and occasional backaches
could be treated with analgesics.

8 On 1 September 2009, the plaintiff who had applied for, and obtained, legal
aid, started the DC Suit. As stated above, on 17 March 2010, interlocutory
judgment for damages to be assessed was entered against the defendant after
the defendant agreed to bear 85% of the damages as assessed.

9 The matter then proceeded in the District Court and a hearing of the
assessment of damages was first scheduled for 17 August 2011\. Neither this
hearing nor a subsequently hearing fixed for the 11 May 2012 went on, however.

10 In the meantime, the plaintiff had consulted Dr Ho Kok Yuen, Consultant
Anaesthesiologist of the Pain Management Centre, Singapore General Hospital.
In a medical report dated 28 January 2010, Dr Ho opined that the plaintiff
suffered from the following injuries:

(a) Discogenic low back pain at L3/4 and L4/5 discs;

(b) L4/5 and L5/S1 disc bulge and protrusion respectively;

(c) Bilateral S1 radiculopathy with bilateral foot pain; and

(d) Healed fractures of the 3rd and 4th metatarsal bone of the right foot.

11 In further medical reports dated 5 July 2010, 4 August 2010 and 22 August
2011, Dr Ho opined that the plaintiff was unable to work as a taxi driver any
more due to his condition and recommended that the plaintiff undergo a trial
implantation of spinal cord stimulation to ease his alleged pain. This was as
the plaintiff’s pain was not controlled even by stronger painkillers such as
methadone.

12 The defendant’s insurers then required the plaintiff to go for re-
examination by a specialist they had chosen, Dr W C Chang, Consultant
Orthopaedic and Trauma Surgeon. Dr Chang saw the plaintiff on 10 August 2011.
In his report, Dr Chang stated that the plaintiff’s neck pain had resolved. He
further reported that the issues with the plaintiff’s back were pre-existing
age related asymptomatic degenerative disc disease. This was as the plaintiff
was 48 years old. Dr Chang was of the opinion that the surgical procedures
recommended by Dr Ho were unnecessary and that the fractures of the right foot
that the plaintiff had suffered had healed well and the residual pain
complained of was inconsistent with the good recovery seen clinically and in
the x-rays. Dr Chang opined that the plaintiff could be gainfully employed in
any sedentary position and this included driving a taxi.

13 The plaintiff’s position was that he was not able to drive a taxi at any
time after the accident and could not work thereafter.

Application to transfer

14 The plaintiff’s application in these proceedings was supported by an
affidavit filed by his present solicitor, Mr V Ramakrishnan. Mr Ramakrishnan
deposed that the plaintiff’s former solicitors had commenced the action in the
District Court based on the medical reports mentioned in the statement of
claim (which were dated between 12 November 2008 and 13 August 2009, the last
report being that of Dr Low Boon Yong) thinking that the damages would not
exceed $250,000.

15 However, as matters developed, the plaintiff had been on medical leave
since the accident and had not been able to go back to work. He had
subsequently been diagnosed with four conditions as stated in Dr Ho’s medical
report of 5 July 2010. As a taxi driver, he had earned $2,500 a month and he
had since lost 42 months’ worth of income amounting to $105,000. This loss was
continuing. On the basis of Dr Ho Kok Yuen’s medical report dated 22 August
2011 there was a potential claim for either loss of earning capacity or loss
of future earnings. He would also need expensive medical treatment to deal
with his pain. A trial of a spinal cord stimulation (as recommended by Dr Ho)
would cost $5,000 and if that succeeded, follow up treatment involving an
implantable pulse generator would cost between $50,000 and $52,000 and the
battery would have to be replaced after nine years at a cost of $45,000.

16 Mr Ramakrishnan also gave details about the plaintiff’s depression. The
plaintiff had had depression in 2007 and 2008 and his symptoms worsened in
2010 because he was troubled by chronic pain, his unemployment and financial
difficulties.

17 Mr Ramakrishnan gave the following estimation of the plaintiff’s claim for
general and special damages:

_General damages_  
---  
(a) |  Fracture of the 3rd and 4th metatarsal bone |  $10,000.00  
(b) |  Whiplash |  $20,000.00  
(c) |  Permanent impotency |  $50,000.00  
(d) |  For depression activated and aggravated by the accident |  $50,000.00  
(e) |  Medication (350 x 12 x 15) |  $63,000.00  
(f) |  Loss of pre-trial income for 42 months based on $2,500 per month |  $105,000.00  
(g) |  Loss of earning capacity and/or loss of future earnings |   
(h) |  Future medical treatment as stated in para 12 |  $57,000.00  
(i) |  Replacement of battery every 9 years at least twice during his life time (including hospitalisation charges) |  $90,000.00  
(j) |  Future consultation |  $1,600.00  
(k) |  Maid for 20 months at $845.00 |  $16,900.00  
(l) |  Total General Damages (excluding claim for loss of earning capacity and/or loss of future earnings) |  $463,500.00  
_Special damages_  
(i) |  Hospitalisation fees paid to Changi General Hospital (“CGH”) and Singapore General Hospital (“SGH”) |  $4,161.44  
(ii) |  Consultation & Medication paid to Ang Mo Kio Polyclinics |  $98.10  
(iii) |  Consultations/Investigations/x-rays & Medication paid to CGH |  $399.50  
(iv) |  Consultations/Investigations/x-rays & Medication paid to SGH |  $644.20  
(v) |  MRI scan paid to CGH |  $680.00  
(vi) |  Consultations and MRI scan paid to Tan Tock Seng Hospital |  $245.00  
(vii) |  Bone scan paid to SGH |  $179.90  
(viii) |  Nerve Conduct Study & Emg paid to SGH |  $109.10  
(xi) |  Rehabilitation charges paid to CGH |  $51.00  
(x) |  Rehabilitation charges paid to SGH |  $111.95  
(ix) |  Purchase of insole + rehabilitation charges paid to SGH |  $301.25  
(iix) |  Fees paid to Rev Wong Chinese Physician & Acupuncture |  $90.00  
(iiix) |  Medication charges paid to CGH |  $109.40  
(ivx) |  Medication charges paid to SGH |  $1,040.01  
(vx) |  L-3 Scotter Rental from Falcon Mobility Pte Ltd |  $300.00  
(vix) |  Purchase of 1 custom fitted orthotics with 1 Year extended warranty from Solemate Orthotics |  $329.00  
(xv) |  Taxi fares to & fro CGH, TTSH, SGH, AMK Polyclinic |  $984.31  
Total Special Damages |  $9,834.16  
  
  

18 In Mr Ramakrishnan’s opinion, the damages recoverable by the plaintiff well
exceeded the $250,000 limit and the plaintiff’s action should therefore be
transferred to the High Court.

19 In a subsequent affidavit, Mr Ramakrishnan explained why the two hearings
which had originally been fixed for the assessment of damages had not gone on.
In respect of the first hearing on 17 August 2011, counsel for the defendant
had objected to the admission of the plaintiff’s Supplementary Bundle of
Documents and also asked the plaintiff to file an affidavit of evidence in
chief. This led to the hearing being adjourned. Subsequently, the plaintiff
obtained an order to file the Supplementary List of Documents, his Affidavit
of Evidence in Chief and the Notice for Appointment for Assessment of Damages.

20 The matter was fixed before an Assistant Registrar on 2 December 2011 to
take hearing dates. This appointment was adjourned to 13 January 2012 and then
to 16 March 2012 because the defendant wanted to obtain the plaintiff’s
medical reports from the Institute of Mental Health. Eventually, the
assessment was fixed for a half day hearing on 11 May 2012.

21 At the 11 May 2012 hearing, counsel for the defendant submitted a
Surveillance Report dated 9 May 2012 from Ariel Protection Pte Ltd.
Plaintiff’s counsel then asked for an adjournment in order to take
instructions from the plaintiff on this report. This adjournment was granted.
It was after this that the application to transfer the proceedings was filed.

22 Neither of Mr Ramakrishnan’s affidavits stated why the plaintiff had only
applied for a transfer of proceedings to the High Court in May this year. I
asked Mr Ramakrishnan this question. His response was that after he had taken
over the matter from the plaintiff’s previous solicitors, he had suggested to
the plaintiff that the matter be transferred. The plaintiff, however, was
reluctant because he wanted a speedy disposal of the matter and was concerned
that if a transfer took place, there would be a delay. It was only after the
assessment hearing in the Subordinate Courts was adjourned twice that the
plaintiff decided to apply for the transfer as in any case resolution of his
claim was going to be delayed.

23 The defendant opposed the application. He filed an affidavit in which he
set out the factual background of the case. He then went on to state why he
considered that the case should not be transferred to the High Court.

24 The defendant’s first point was that the plaintiff’s claims had not been
substantiated. In this respect, the defendant produced various medical reports
and made various arguments as to why the defendant’s medical reports should be
accepted instead of the plaintiff’s medical reports. Further, the plaintiff’s
claims for permanent impotency, for depression and for the cost of a maid were
unsubstantiated. If the aggravated claims were not allowed, the plaintiff’s
damages would fall within the jurisdiction of the District Court.

25 The second point was that the plaintiff had delayed unduly in making his
application to transfer. He had known of his alleged conditions in 2009/2010
and at hearings before the Assistant Registrar in the District Court had
quantified his claim at an amount which fell within the High Court
jurisdiction. The plaintiff therefore could have made his application earlier.

26 The third point was that liability for the matter had been finalised. The
defendant had agreed to liability at 85% on the basis that damages would be
assessed within the jurisdictional limit of the District Court. If the
transfer were to be allowed, the prejudice caused to him would be immense and
could not be compensated by an order as to costs.

Reasons for the decision

27 The application was brought under s 54B of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap
2007 Rev Ed) which provides:

(1) Where it appears to the High Court, on the application of a party to any
civil proceedings pending in a subordinate court, that the proceedings, by
reason of its involving some important question of law, or being a test case,
or _for any other sufficient reason_ , should be tried in the High Court, it
may order the proceedings to be transferred to the High Court.

28 At the hearing, both parties relied on the leading authority on this type
of application _viz_ the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Keppel Singmarine
Dockyard Pte Ltd v Ng Chan Teng_ [2010] 2 SLR 1015 (“ _Keppel Singmarine 2010_
”). The plaintiff also relied on an earlier Court of Appeal decision in the
same case [2008] 2 SLR(R) 839 (“ _Keppel Singmarine_ _2008_ ”).

29 In _Keppel Singmarine_ _2008_ , the Court of Appeal held that in respect of
a case commenced in the Subordinate Courts, the entering of an interlocutory
judgment is not a legal affirmation of the lower court’s jurisdiction over the
plaintiff’s claim for the entire duration of the proceedings (see [32]).
Further, at [35] the Court noted that as to what constitutes “sufficient
reason” for a transfer of proceedings in the context of s 54B(1), some
Commonwealth jurisdictions had expressly enacted that the fact that the amount
to be awarded to the claimant is likely to exceed the jurisdictional limit of
the inferior court would be a proper ground for a transfer. The Court went on
to state at [38] that it agreed that a possibility of a plaintiff’s damages
exceeding the jurisdictional limit of the District Court would ordinarily be
regarded as a “sufficient reason” for a transfer of proceedings to High Court.

30 The plaintiff’s submissions were that his case was a proper one for
transfer because his damages were likely to amount to more than $250,000.
Secondly, there had been a material change in his condition since the time
that he had filed his writ in the Subordinate Courts as shown by the medical
reports. Thirdly, there would be no prejudice to the defendant because it
would make no difference to the defendant whether the application for transfer
was filed before the interlocutory judgment was made or thereafter.

31 The defendant resisted the application. After carefully considering
counsel’s arguments, however, I was of the view that the plaintiff’s case was
a proper case for transfer to the High Court and that he had shown sufficient
cause for the transfer.

32 The defendant’s first point was that the plaintiff had not obtained proper
medical evidence to demonstrate a material change in his medical condition
after the commencement of the action. The defendant went into a somewhat
detailed discussion of the various medical reports on the plaintiff’s
condition and the various doctors who had treated the plaintiff. The basic
point of the defendant was that the doctor whose reports were relied on most
by the plaintiff, Dr Ho, was not an orthopaedic surgeon but a consultant
anaesthesiologist. In the defendant’s view, Dr Ho was not qualified to comment
on the orthopaedic condition of the plaintiff or to assess his condition. Much
more weight had to be given to the plaintiff’s own orthopaedic surgeon, Dr
Sayampanathan, who stated in March 2009 that the plaintiff’s back pain had
resolved. The defendant’s orthopaedic surgeon, Dr Chang, had come to the
conclusion that the plaintiff’s back injuries were not due to the accident but
were the result of age related degeneration. His view was that the procedures
recommended by Dr Ho were unnecessary, the plaintiff’s pain was not consistent
with the good recovery demonstrated by the x-rays and that the plaintiff’s
long term pain management treatment could lead to drug dependency and serious
side effects. The defendant also emphasised that there was inadequate evidence
supporting the plaintiff’s new claims for impotency and depression. Dr Ho was
not qualified to give a medical report on these conditions.

33 I noted the defendant’s criticisms of the medical evidence relied on by the
plaintiff. I thought, however, that the hearing of the application was not the
correct forum to determine which doctor’s evidence was more credible.

34 No doubt Dr Ho is not an orthopaedic surgeon but he is a specialist in pain
management and has issued several reports which support the plaintiff’s stand
that his condition deteriorated after he commenced the action. Both Dr Ho and
Dr Chang are well qualified medical specialists, _albeit_ in different areas
and without the benefit of cross-examination to determine exactly why they
have come to the differing conclusions evinced in their respective medical
reports and the benefit of analysis of their evidence and the logic and
coherence of their professional opinions, the court is not able to reach any
conclusion on the true physical condition and abilities of the plaintiff. I
considered that there was, _prima facie_ , credible evidence to support the
plaintiff’s assertion of continuing disability leading to an inability to
return to work and a substantial loss of earnings. It may be that the
plaintiff is malingering as the defendant insinuates but such a determination
can only be made after a full hearing. In the meantime, even if I disregard
the plaintiff’s rather late complaints about impotency and depression, the
other conditions that he complained of would, if established, support a
quantification of damages which would exceed the District Court limit.

35 I was therefore of the opinion that the plaintiff had, _prima facie_ ,
established the material change in circumstances necessary to support his
application for a transfer.

36 The defendant’s next point was that even if I accepted that the plaintiff
had suffered a material change in condition and that there was a possibility
that his claim would exceed the District Court limit, on the authority of
_Keppel Singmarine 2010_ , the mere existence of a sufficient reason would not
automatically entitle the plaintiff to have the proceedings transferred to the
High Court. Instead, I should undertake a holistic evaluation of all the
material circumstances and assess the prejudice that might be visited upon the
party resisting the transfer (see _Keppel Singmarine 2010_ at [17]).

37 In the present case, the defendant argued, that in the holistic evaluation,
I should take account of two points. The first was that the plaintiff had
clearly and irrevocably affirmed the jurisdiction of the District Court. The
second point was that the defendant would suffer irretrievable prejudice if
the transfer was allowed and he could not be compensated by an order as to
costs.

38 In respect of the first point, the defendant noted that the plaintiff had
not only entered consent interlocutory judgment but had filed for a Notice of
Appointment for Assessment of Damages twice. Further, the plaintiff had
obtained an order of court on 11 October 2011 which gave further directions
for the assessment of damages. Two hearings had been fixed. The first had not
gone on because the plaintiff had put forward new medical reports and at the
second tranche, the plaintiff had not prepared an opening statement for the
assessment, so it could not go on. The plaintiff had full knowledge of his
supposed material change in circumstances when he had taken the various
actions referred to earlier but had only applied on 17 May 2012 to transfer
the matter to the High Court.

39 When I made the holistic evaluation of the circumstances relating to the
application, I considered that this point was the strongest point made by the
defendant. The plaintiff had clearly taken steps to carry proceedings in the
District Court beyond the entry of the interlocutory judgment. The defendant
had responded and also prepared for the assessment in the District Court. In
assessing the weight to be given to this factor, I also took into account the
consideration that the work done by both sides would be as useful to an
assessment in the High Court as it would have been to an assessment in the
District Court. The work was not, therefore, wasted. I also took account of
the fact that it was not wholly the plaintiff’s fault that both the assessment
hearings had not gone on.

40 As regards the first hearing, fixed on 17 August 2011, it did not go on
because the defendant’s lawyer asked for the date to be vacated on various
grounds. The plaintiff had produced a supplementary bundle of documents on his
earnings which the defendant’s lawyer had not seen and needed to take
instructions on before cross-examining him. Also, the defendant’s lawyers
wanted the plaintiff to file a supplementary affidavit-of-evidence in chief to
exhibit two documents which had been mentioned in his list of documents but
were not included in his original affidavit-of-evidence in chief. In any case,
the hearing had been fixed for only one morning because at the time of fixing,
the plaintiff had not undergone medical examination by the defendant’s medical
specialist and defendant’s counsel had worked on the basis that the plaintiff
would be cross-examined first and the doctors would be produced at a further
hearing. Therefore, he was not able to deal with the plaintiff’s doctors at
that hearing. I note that in any case the assessment hearing could not have
been completed on 17 August 2011 since only half a day had been allocated on
the basis that the medical evidence would be adduced later. The defendant’s
medical evidence was not even ready then.

41 As for the second hearing, the plaintiff’s evidence was that it was vacated
because of the new evidence produced at the last moment by the defendant. This
assertion was contained in Mr Ramakrishnan’s affidavit. The defendant did not
deny that on affidavit. At the hearing, his counsel submitted that the 11 May
2012 hearing was adjourned because the plaintiff had not prepared an opening
statement for the assessment. There was no evidence that that was the main
reason for the adjournment. I think it highly unlikely that the court would
vacate a date simply because an opening statement had not been prepared
especially in a case like the present which contains no novel questions of law
but turns on facts and medical opinion. In the case of the second hearing, it
appeared to me that the responsibility for the vacation of the date had to be
laid at the defendant’s door.

42 Moving on to the point about prejudice, the defendant submitted that both
parties had agreed to proceed on the basis that the damages to be awarded
would be circumscribed by the jurisdiction of the District Court. To re-open a
consent interlocutory judgment without showing sufficient reason for the
transfer of proceeding would prejudice the defendant as the plaintiff would be
re-litigating the maximum quantum payable by taking the matter to the High
Court.

43 It seemed to me that the above argument was stating the obvious. If there
was no sufficient reason for the transfer, then the defendant would be
prejudiced. If there was sufficient reason for the transfer, then the
defendant could not argue that he would be prejudiced even if the result of
the transfer would mean that the damages eventually paid by the defendant came
up to more than the District Court limit. Therefore, the defendant was
essentially saying that he would be prejudiced by a transfer. This argument
was not open to the defendant. The prejudice that he had to establish could
not be simply the fact that the transfer would lead to a higher damages award.
If the defendant’s argument were to be the law then no case of this kind could
ever be transferred to the High Court. In _Keppel Singmarine 2010_ , the Court
of Appeal found that the appellant in that case would be prejudiced by the
transfer of the proceedings to the High Court but it emphasised at [17] that
the “prejudice” suffered by the appellant was _not_ simply that the damages
awarded could exceed the District Court jurisdictional limit.

44 In _Keppel Singmarine 2010_ , the Court of Appeal considered it as a
significant consideration that the appellant’s insurers in that case had,
after the interlocutory judgment was entered, set aside only a reserve of
$250,000 pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Monetary Authority of
Singapore. In this case, there was no evidence of any similar reserve or any
particular prejudice that the defendant or his insurers would suffer by reason
of the transfer.

45 The only possible prejudice which the defendant was able to point to was
his inability to recover costs from the plaintiff as the plaintiff is legally
aided. Counsel submitted that even if the court were minded to consider that
the prejudice suffered by the defendant could somehow be compensated by an
order as to costs, such an order could not be made in view of the plaintiff’s
status. I did not find this argument convincing either. To accept it would
mean that legally aided litigants could never apply for a transfer of their
proceedings from the District Court to the High Court no matter how good their
reasons were because the defendant could not ask for a costs order to
compensate him. I did not accept that this would be the proper principle to
implement.

46 I noted that in _Keppel Singmarine 2010_ , the Court of Appeal took the
view that even if the proceedings were transferred on the condition that the
consent order was to be set aside, the appellant would be prejudiced by the
transfer because the parties might have to re-litigate their respective
liabilities. In that case, the application to transfer proceedings was made
six to seven years after the date on which the accident took place and the
Court considered that many practical difficulties might arise if the issue of
liability had to be reopened.

47 In this case, however, at the time of the hearing less than four years had
elapsed since the accident. Although the time lapse was not ideal, there was
no evidence that it had led to any particular difficulty in conducting the
litigation. Further, the defendant did not submit that any particular
practical problem would be encountered in re-litigating the case if the
consent order were to be set aside. Indeed, it was the defendant’s submission
that if the court were minded to allow the transfer to the High Court, the
consent interlocutory judgment _must_ be unravelled and the issue of liability
be reopened and re-litigated in view of the defendant’s increased exposure to
a much larger claim for damages. The circumstances here were, therefore,
different from those in _Keppel Singmarine 2010_ and this element of prejudice
did not exist in this case.

48 On an overall consideration of the circumstances, I was satisfied that the
plaintiff had established sufficient cause to support a transfer of the case
to the High Court. I was also satisfied that there was no good reason why the
court’s discretion should not be exercised in favour of the plaintiff. I
considered that any prejudice that the defendant might sustain by reason of
the transfer would be adequately met by setting aside the consent judgment so
that the defendant could re-litigate the extent to which he was liable for the
accident. The defendant was not able to satisfy me that he would be
irretrievably prejudiced in any way by the transfer.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

