Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Vellama d/o Marie Muthu _v_ Attorney-General  
[2012] SGHC 221

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 196 of 2012/G  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 November 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ravi (L.F. Violet Netto) for the Applicant; David Chong
SC, Low Siew Ling, Lim Sai Nei (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Vellama d/o Marie Muthu — Attorney-General  
  
1 November 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

Introduction

1 The judgment on the judicial review application in Originating Summons No
196 of 2012 (“OS 196”) (“the Substantive Application”) and the Applicant’s
reserved application for two declarations (“the Reserved Application”) was
released on 1 August 2012: _Vellama d/o Marie Muthu v Attorney-General_ [2012]
SGHC 155 (“the Final Judgment”). At the initial hearing for leave to proceed
with the judicial review application (“the Leave Application”), neither
counsel made any submissions on costs and none were then ordered. After the
Final Judgment was delivered, both counsel made their submissions on the costs
of all the above applications. The following is my judgment on the costs of
all these applications.

Background

2 On 28 February 2012 the Speaker of Parliament announced that the elected
Member of Parliament seat in Hougang Single Member Constituency (“Hougang
SMC”) had become vacant under Art 46(2) of the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the Constitution”).

3 On 2 March 2012 the Applicant filed OS 196 seeking a Mandatory Order and two
declarations under O 53 r 1(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the ROC”). The Mandatory Order sought was to enjoin the Prime Minister
to advise the President to issue a writ of election for a by-election in
Hougang SMC pursuant to Art 49(1) of the Constitution and to tender such
advice within three months or within such reasonable time as the court deemed
fit. The declarations were to declare that the Prime Minister does not have
unfettered discretion in deciding whether to announce a by-election in Hougang
SMC and that he must decide within three months or within such reasonable time
as the court deemed fit. The Applicant filed her Statement pursuant to O 53 r
1(2) on 4 March 2012 (“the Statement”).

4 On 9 March 2012, the Prime Minister announced in Parliament that he intended
to call a by-election in Hougang SMC but that he had not decided on the
timing. He would decide on the timing after taking into account all relevant
factors including local, national and international factors: see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (9 March 2012) vol 88 at col 5.

5 On 3 April 2012, leave was granted to the Applicant to proceed with the
Substantive Application. The grounds of decision to grant leave were set out
in _Vellama d/o Marie Muthu v Attorney-General_ [2012] 2 SLR 1033 (“the Leave
Judgment”).

6 On 9 May 2012, the writ of election calling for a by-election in Hougang SMC
was issued by the President, upon the advice of the Prime Minister. The by-
election was held on 26 May 2012.

7 After leave was granted, the Attorney-General (“AG”) appealed to the Court
of Appeal on 4 April 2012 against the decision to grant leave. Following the
issue of the writ of election on 16 May 2012, the AG withdrew the appeal.

8 On 29 May 2012, the Applicant proceeded with the Substantive Application by
filing Summons No 2639 of 2012 (“SUM 2639”). This was followed by a series of
interlocutory applications (“the Interlocutory Applications”) by both parties:

(a) Summons No 2684 of 2012 (“SUM 2684”) filed by the AG on 31 May 2012, to
strike out SUM 2639 and seek a permanent stay on the Leave Application which
had been granted;

(b) Summons No 2711 of 2012 (“SUM 2711”) filed by the Applicant on 1 June 2012
to subpoena and cross-examine the Prime Minister and to obtain discovery of
the AG’s advice to the Prime Minister;

(c) Summons No 3296 of 2012 (“SUM 3296”) filed by the Applicant on 2 July 2012
to amend SUM 2639; and

(d) Summons No 3297 of 2012 (“SUM 3297”) filed by the Applicant on 2 July 2012
to amend the Statement.

9 On 5 July 2012, the four summonses above were heard. The AG’s SUM 2684 was
dismissed. The Applicant’s SUM 2711 and SUM 3296 were dismissed. Leave was
granted for the Applicant to withdraw her SUM 3297.

10 The Substantive Application and Reserved Application were heard in open
court on 16 July 2012. At the hearing, the Applicant abandoned her application
for the Mandatory Order. Thus, the relief sought for the Substantive
Application was confined to the O 53 declarations. The court determined that
it had no power under O 53 to grant standalone declarations where the
principal application for a Mandatory Order which included the declarations
failed. The court therefore held that the application for the declarations as
part of an O 53 judicial review application failed: see the Final Judgment at
[31]–[35].

11 As the Reserved Application did not require the leave of court to proceed,
in order to avoid multiplicity of proceedings, both parties were heard on the
merits of the Reserved Application. The Reserved Application was also
dismissed on the principal ground that the Constitution does not require the
Prime Minister to call a by-election and that it was within his discretion
whether, and if so, when to call a by-election. Costs were to be determined at
a later date.

Parties’ proposals and submissions on costs

Costs for the four summonses

12 Both counsel were heard on costs on 16 October 2012\. Both counsel took the
position that there should be no order as to costs for the Interlocutory
Applications, namely SUM 2684, SUM 2711, SUM 3296 and SUM 3297.

Costs for the Leave Application

13 The AG’s counsel submitted that the costs for the Leave Application should
now be determined to be costs in the cause. He further submitted that as the
ultimately successful party the AG should be awarded total costs of $10,000
(inclusive of disbursements).

14 The Applicant’s counsel submitted that as the Applicant had been successful
in the Leave Application, she should now be awarded costs for that
application. In the light of this, he proposed that the AG’s costs as the
ultimately successful party be set off against the Applicant’s costs for her
successful Leave Application. He further proposed that these respective costs
be taxed and any resulting difference be payable to the party awarded the
higher costs. The AG’s counsel rejected his proposal.

15 At this juncture, it is apposite to note that whilst O 53 r 1(4)
anticipates costs orders at the leave stage, neither counsel had raised or
made any submissions for costs and accordingly no costs order was made for the
Leave Application at that time.

16 I am unable to accept the AG’s counsel’s submission that costs in the cause
should now be ordered for the Leave Application. Before costs in the cause can
be ordered, the outcome of the cause must necessarily be unknown. I am also
unable to accept the Applicant’s counsel’s submission that costs should now be
awarded to the Applicant for her successful Leave Application. Once leave was
granted and before the Final Judgment was released, it was open to the
Applicant’s counsel to ask either for costs, costs in any event, costs in the
cause _etc_. However, that was not done.

17 An impartial and fair determination of costs for the Leave Application is
to be made in consideration of all the submissions of counsel and based on the
circumstances prevailing at that material time. This cannot be safely made now
because of the overhang of the now known Final Judgment.

18 For the above reasons, I decline to now make any orders on costs for the
Leave Application.

Costs for the Substantive Application and the Reserved Application

19 I next proceed to consider both counsel’s submissions in relation to the
costs for the Substantive Application and the Reserved Application. Both
counsel did not make any submissions that the costs of the Substantive
Application should be determined separately from the costs of the Reserved
Application. Both counsel appeared content to treat both applications as one
for the purposes of costs and I shall proceed to determine the costs on this
basis.

20 The AG’s counsel raised three arguments. First, he submitted that the
general rule enshrined in O 59 r 3(1) that “costs to follow the event” should
apply. Second, he submitted that the general rule had not been displaced by
any unreasonable conduct on the part of the successful party. Third, he
submitted that even if there was a public interest consideration in the common
law in other jurisdictions, this dimension did not apply.

21 The Applicant’s counsel did not dispute that the general rule was that
costs followed the event. He relied on public interest as a ground for
departing from the general rule, citing the Court of Appeal decision in _Law
Society of Singapore v Top Ten Entertainment Pte Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR 1279 (“
_Top Ten_ ”) where it was held (at [15]) that, as a starting point, no costs
would be ordered against a regulator performing a public duty in the public
interest (the “ _Baxendale-Walker_ principle”). The Applicant’s counsel
submitted that the _Baxendale-Walker_ principle should be extended by analogy
to the Applicant, who as a private citizen was carrying out her public duty in
requesting the court to determine an important constitutional issue concerning
parliamentary representation.

22 I do not accept the stretched analogy used by the Applicant’s counsel.
There is neither principle nor authority to support the submission by the
Applicant’s counsel that the _Baxendale-Walker_ principle ought to be extended
in the manner proposed to include private citizens.

23 The Applicant’s counsel finally submitted that, in any event, this was an
appropriate case for no order as to costs because the applications involved
sufficient public interest dimensions. The Applicant’s counsel cited the
following reasons in support of his public interest argument:

(a) the Applicant had obtained no private pecuniary gain from these
proceedings apart from ensuring compliance with the law and her representation
in Parliament;

(b) a significant portion of the public, including constitutional law
professors, shared the Applicant’s views;

(c) the resolution of the legal question before the court would give finality
to an issue of general public administration;

(d) the challenge was “not doomed to fail” as the construction of Art 49 of
the Constitution involved a complex, purposive interpretation exercise; and

(e) the Applicant was being represented _pro bono_ and had sought amicable
avenues of resolution.

Analysis

Judicial review procedure in Singapore

24 The uncertain contours of Singapore judicial review procedure have been
brought to the foreground by the applications in OS 196 which turned on our
uniquely revised O 53. The unfolding of this series of applications
culminating in this costs application illustrates the uncertainty.

25 Under O 53 r 1(2), an applicant may apply for quashing orders, prohibiting
orders and mandatory orders by filing an _ex parte_ originating summons but
leave of court is required to make the principal application. The requirement
for leave for judicial review is to enable the court to sieve out frivolous
and hopeless applications at an early stage. By contrast, an applicant may
apply for a declaration under O 15 r 16 without the leave of court. However, a
declaration granted under O 15 r 16 does not have the effect of quashing,
prohibiting or mandating decisions or actions. In 2011, O 53 was amended to
enable an applicant seeking quashing, prohibiting or mandatory orders to
include an application for a declaration: see the Final Judgment at [31]–[34].
This amendment was the source of the procedural uncertainty that influenced
the conduct of these applications.

26 The leave application made by way of an _ex parte_ application must be
supported by a statement and affidavit which are to be served on the AG no
later than the day preceding the hearing of the _ex parte_ application: O 53 r
1(3). Such service does not transform what is an _ex parte_ application into
an _inter partes_ application. Accordingly, in the event that the court grants
leave, the originating summons, the statement, the supporting affidavit, the
order granting leave and the summons filed must be served on all persons
directly affected and other parties to the proceedings: see O 53 r 2(3).

27 Singapore’s practice with respect to attendance and representation at the
_ex parte_ leave application hearing is varied. Based on reported decisions,
where the putative respondent is a non-governmental tribunal or agency, the AG
may nevertheless attend and assist the court in the hearing to decide whether
or not to grant leave. However, no reported cases have been brought to my
attention in which the AG had sought or had been awarded costs for such
attendance.

28 Where leave is granted, the substantive application proceeds between the
applicant and the directly affected non-governmental tribunal or agency. In
these cases, the AG is _not_ a party in such substantive application. However,
if it is necessary to ensure that all matters in the cause or matter may be
effectually and completely determined or adjudicated upon, the court may on
its own motion or upon application order that the AG be joined as a party: O
15 r 6(2)(b).

29 In _Lim Mey Lee Susan v Singapore Medical Council_ [2011] SGHC 131, the
applicant had served notice of the _ex parte_ leave application not only on
the AG but also on the putative respondent. The putative respondent’s counsel
then appeared at the hearing to oppose leave being granted. The court granted
leave and awarded costs in the cause: at [19].

30 In _Yeap_ _Wai Kong v Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Ltd_ [2012] 3
SLR 565, where notice had been served on the AG, the court further directed
the Applicant to serve notice on the putative respondent in order to hear
their representations at the _ex parte_ leave application hearing. Leave was
granted but no cost orders were then sought or made.

31 Where the judicial review application is directed at the Government of
Singapore (“the Government”), and the AG attends and opposes the application
for leave to proceed with the judicial review application as the Government’s
counsel, it is open to both the applicant and the AG to make costs
applications and for the court to award costs for the leave application. In
_Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew v Attorney-General_ [2012] SGHC 210, the
application for leave was dismissed with costs ordered against the applicant.
Where leave is granted, the corollary principle would be that costs may be
applied for by the applicant and the court may in its discretion make a costs
order: see O 53 r 1(4).

The applicable law

The Government Proceedings Act

32 The starting point for awarding costs in court proceedings against the
Government is s 29 of the Government Proceedings Act (Cap 121, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“the GPA”) which provides that in any civil proceedings (defined in s 2(2) of
the GPA to include judicial review proceedings), to which the Government or a
public officer is a party, the court shall have power to order costs for or
against the Government or public officer in the same manner and upon the same
principles as in proceedings between private persons.

Costs are in the discretion of the Court

33 The principles governing costs application in civil proceedings is
encapsulated in O 59. Order 59 r 1 describes the different costs orders and
their effects. Order 59 r 2(2) reads:

Subject to the express provisions of any written law and of these Rules, the
costs of and incidental to proceedings in the Supreme Court or the Subordinate
Courts, including the administration of estates and trusts shall be in the
discretion of the Court, and the Court shall have full power to determine by
whom and to what extent the costs are to be paid.

34 Order 59 r 3(2) goes on to state the general rule that costs follow the
event:

If the Court in the exercise of its discretion sees fit to make any order as
to the costs of or incidental to any proceedings, the Court _shall_ , _subject
to this Order, order the costs to follow the event, except_ _when it appears
to the Court that in the circumstances of the case some other order should be
made_ as to the whole or any part of the costs.

[emphasis added]

35 The power to award costs is in the full discretion of the court. Order 59 r
2(2) unequivocally states that “the Court shall have full power to determine
by whom and to what extent the costs are to be paid.” This discretionary power
is extremely broad: _Re Shankar Alan s/o Anant Kulkarni_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 95 at
[15]. Within this discretionary power, general guidance is provided under O 59
r 3(2) that costs follow the event except where it appears to the court that
in the circumstances of the case some other order should be made. The
“overriding concern of the court must be to exercise its discretion to achieve
the fairest allocation of costs”: _Soon Peng Yam and another_ (_trustees of
the Chinese Swimming Club_) _v Maimon bte Ahmad_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 279 at [31].

36 The underlying common law principles of costs orders in civil and judicial
review proceedings was explained in _R v Lord Chancellor_ ,_ex parte Child
Poverty Action Group_ [1999] 1 WLR 347 (“ _Child Poverty Action Group_ ”) at
355–356 (_per_ Dyson J):

_The starting point must be the basic rule encapsulated in RSC Ord 62, r 3(3)
that costs follow the event_. It is true that the role of the court in all
public law cases is to ensure that public bodies do not exceed or abuse their
powers, but the parties to such proceedings are nevertheless adverse as is the
litigation. …

I accept ... that what lies behind the general rule that costs follow the
event is the principle that it is an important function of rules as to costs
to encourage parties in a sensible approach to increasingly expensive
litigation. Where any claim is brought in court, costs have to be incurred on
either side against a background of greater or lesser degrees of risk as to
the ultimate result. _If it transpires that the respondent has acted
unlawfully, it is generally right that it should pay the claimant’s costs of
establishing that. If it transpires that the claimant’s claim is ill-founded,
it is generally right that it should pay the respondent’s costs of having to
respond._ This general rule promotes discipline within the litigation system,
compelling parties to assess carefully for themselves the strength of any
claim.

**_The basic rule that costs follow the event ensures that the assets of the
successful party are not depleted by reason of having to go to court to meet a
claim by an unsuccessful party._** **_This is as desirable in public law cases
as it is in private law cases_**. ... [W]here an unsuccessful claim is brought
against a public body, it imposes costs on that body which have to be met out
of public funds diverted from the funds available to fulfil its primary public
functions. ... It is plainly right that in the normal run of the mill public
law case, the unsuccessful party should pay the other side’s costs. ...
_Nevertheless, in considering whether, and in what circumstances, there should
be a departure from the basic rule that costs follow the event in public
interest challenge cases, in my view it is important to have in mind the
rationale for that basic rule, and that it is for the applicants to show why,
exceptionally, there should be a departure from it_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

37 In Singapore, the general rule that costs follow the event also applies in
judicial review proceedings: _Re Siah Mooi Guat_ [1988] 3 MLJ 448; _Teo_ _Soh
Lung v Minister for Home Affairs and others_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 347; and _Chee
Siok Chin and others v Minister for Home Affairs_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582. It is
noteworthy that a successful applicant in judicial review proceedings may be
awarded costs, as was the case in _Chng Suan Tze v Minister for Home Affairs
and others and other appeals_ [1988] 2 SLR(R) 525.

Public interest

38 There are at least two broad circumstances under which the courts have
exercised their discretion and made some other order. The first circumstance
relates to the conduct of the successful party, and the second concerns public
interest. As there is nothing before this court that the conduct of either
party would provide grounds for some other order, I shall confine the analysis
to the public interest issue.

39 As costs awards are entirely within the discretion of the court, it would
be a matter of first principles that public interest constitutes a relevant
consideration. The Singapore courts have invoked public interest as a basis to
depart from the general rule that costs follow the event with respect to
proceedings involving unsuccessful regulators. In _Top Ten_ , a case
concerning the costs implications for the Law Society in respect of
disciplinary proceedings under the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev
Ed), the Singapore Court of Appeal endorsed (at [24]) the _Baxendale-Walker_
principle that costs should ordinarily not be ordered against unsuccessful
public bodies performing regulatory functions.

40 The public interest rationale for not ordering costs against the public
body exercising a regulatory function was explained in the same case at first
instance by Moses LJ in _Baxendale-Walker v Law Society_ [2006] EWHC 643
(Admin) at [43]:

43\. … _A regulator brings proceedings in the_** _public interest_** _in the
exercise of a public function which it is required to perform._ In those
circumstances the principles applicable to an award of costs differ from those
in relation to private civil litigation. _Absent dishonesty or a lack of good
faith, a costs order should not be made against such a regulator unless there
is good reason to do so. That reason must be more than that the other party
has succeeded._ In considering an award of costs against a public regulator
the court must consider on the one hand the financial prejudice to the
particular complainant, weighed against the need to encourage public bodies to
exercise their public function of making reasonable and sound decisions
without fear of exposure to undue financial prejudice, if the decision is
successfully challenged.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

41 On appeal in _Baxendale-Walker v Law Society_ [2008] 1 WLR 426, Sir Igor
Judge P (as he then was) further refined (at [39]) the above rationale stated
by Moses LJ:

39\. ... Unless the complaint is improperly brought, or, for example, proceeds
as it did in _Gorlov_ ’s case [2001] ACD 393, as a “shambles from start to
finish”, _when the Law Society is discharging its responsibilities as a
regulator of the profession, an order for costs should not ordinarily be made
against it on the basis that costs follow the event._**_The “event” is simply
one factor for consideration. It is not a starting point_** _._ There is no
assumption that an order for costs in favour of a solicitor who has
successfully defeated an allegation of professional misconduct will
automatically follow. _One crucial feature which should inform the tribunal’s
costs decision is that the_** _proceedings were brought by the Law Society in
exercise of its regulatory responsibility, in the public interest_** _and the
maintenance of proper professional standards.__For the Law Society to be
exposed to the risk of a adverse costs order simply because properly brought
proceedings were unsuccessful_ might have a chilling effect on the exercise of
its regulatory obligations, **_to the public disadvantage_**. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

42 There is also support from other jurisdictions on the relevance of public
interest in the award of costs in public law proceedings: see the Privy
Council decision in _New Zealand Maori Council and others v Attorney-General_
[1994] 1 AC 466 (concerning the protection of the Maori language in New
Zealand); the High Court of Australia decision in _Oshlack v Richmond River
Council_ (1998) 193 CLR 72 (concerning the preservation of flora and fauna);
and the House of Lords decision in _R_ (_Corner House Research_) _v Secretary
of State for Trade and_ _Industry_ [2005] 1 WLR 2600 (concerning the lack of
consultation by a governmental department). While what may be regarded as
being in the public interest in each of these other common law jurisdictions
would be quite different from what the Singapore courts would regard as public
interest given our own legal and policy context, there is no doubt that public
interest considerations may be taken into account by the court in determining
the costs for judicial review proceedings.

43 Turning to the essential characteristics of public interest, it has been
held that where a matter raises a legal question of genuine public concern, it
may be inappropriate to make a costs order against the applicant even where
the judicial review is wholly unsuccessful: see Sir Michael Supperstone _et
al_ , _Judicial Review_ (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2010) at [20.24.2]. As a broad
general principle, I find Dyson J’s holding in _Child Poverty Action Group_
(at 353) to be apposite:

I should start by explaining what I understand to be meant by a public
interest challenge. **_The essential characteristics of a public law challenge
are that it raises public law issues which are of general importance, where
the applicant has no private interest in the outcome of the case_****.**_It is
obvious that many, indeed most judicial review challenges, do not fall into
the category of public interest challenges so defined. This is because, even
if they do raise issues of general importance, they are cases in which the
applicant is seeking to protect some private interest of his or her own._ The
central submission advanced on behalf of the applicants is that, because of
those essential characteristics, the court should be more willing to make no
order as to costs against an unsuccessful applicant in public interest
challenge cases than in other cases. It is submitted that public interest
challenges are not “ordinary litigation” between adverse parties.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

44 At their very core, court proceedings carry public interest where they
raise public law issues of general importance, and in which the applicant is
not seeking to protect some private interest. It is important to emphasise
that public interest dimensions are not established for the purposes of costs
by reason only that public law issues are raised or that leave has been
granted to proceed with the judicial review hearing. Ultimately, whether
public interest warrants departure from the general rule that costs follow the
event will depend entirely on the particular facts in each case.

45 Based on the above analysis, I now come to my decision on the appropriate
costs of the applications determined in the Final Judgment. The questions
raised in the Reserved Application and determined by the Final Judgment
concerned public law issues of general importance. This was underscored by
contemporaneous extensive debates amongst Members of Parliament both within
Parliament and in the media, constitutional law academics and the public on
the internet and print media. Additionally, the Applicant did not have a
private interest in the question relating to the filling of vacant seats of
elected Members of Parliament. This public interest was extant at the time of
the Applicant’s reservation of her right to seek the declarations under O 15 r
16, _ie_ , the date of the hearing of the Leave Application.

Conclusion

46 In these unusual circumstances, I make no order as to costs for all the
applications leading to the Final Judgment and this costs hearing.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

****

1 November 2012  
  
Media Summary  
  
Vellama d/o Marie Muthu v Attorney-General [2012] SGHC 221  
_Originating Summons No. 196 of 2012/G  
_  
Decision of the High Court (delivered by Justice Philip Pillai)

****  
1 On 28 February 2012, the Parliamentary seat for Hougang Single Member
Constituency (“SMC”) was declared vacant. On 2 March 2012, the Applicant filed
judicial review applications seeking a Mandatory Order and two Declarations
that Article 49 of the Constitution required the Prime Minister to call a by-
election.  
  
2 On 3 April 2012, the Applicant’s application for leave (“Leave Application”)
to proceed with the judicial review was granted. On 9 May 2012, a writ of
election calling for a by-election in Hougang SMC was issued by the President,
and a by-election was held on 26 May 2012.  
  
3 The Applicant proceeded and filed her substantive application on 29 May 2012
(“the Substantive Application”). At the hearing of the Substantive Application
on 16 July 2012, she abandoned her application for the Mandatory Order and
proceeded with her application for the declarations under O 53 and her
previously Reserved Application for the Declarations. Her Substantive
Application and Reserved Application were dismissed by the court for the
reasons set out in the final judgment on 1 August 2012.  
  
4 This present judgment is about the costs of all the applications based on
submissions made by both counsel after the release of the final judgment.  
  
5 The Applicant’s counsel now sought costs for her successful Leave
Application and for those costs to be set off against the costs to be awarded
to the Attorney-General (“AG”) who was successful in the final judgment. The
AG’s counsel submitted that costs for the Leave Application should now be
determined to have been costs in the cause and sought total costs of S$10,000.
The Applicant’s counsel then submitted that there should be no costs orders
against the Applicant on the grounds of public interest: at [23].  
  
6 On the costs for the Leave Application, after leave was granted, it was open
to both parties to make submissions on costs for the Leave Application based
on the then prevailing circumstances. However, both parties did not then make
any submission for costs. An impartial and fair determination of the costs for
the Leave Application cannot now be made because of the overhang of the known
final judgment. The Court therefore declined to determine costs for the Leave
Application in these circumstances: see [13]–[18].  
  
7 As both counsel submitted on the basis of all applications determined by the
final judgment the court proceeded on this same basis. The Court has full
discretion to determine costs. Whilst costs are generally awarded to the
successful party, public interest considerations are relevant considerations
to the exercise of this discretion: at [32]–[44]. Public interest is engaged
where there are questions of law of general public importance and where the
applicant has no private interest in the proceedings. On the particular
circumstances of these proceedings, the Court found both to be present. In
particular the Court found that the constitutional questions raised by the
declarations were of general public importance as reflected in extensive
contemporaneous debates by Members of Parliament both within Parliament and in
the media, amongst constitutional law academics and on the internet and print
media: at [45].  
  
8 The Court ordered no order as to costs for the applications leading to the
final judgment and the costs hearing.

_This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court._

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Nov 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

