Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  International Research Corp PLC _v_ Lufthansa Systems Asia Pacific Pte Ltd
and another  
[2012] SGHC 226

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 636 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 November 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Subramanian Pillai and Jasmin Yek (Colin Ng & Partners
LLP) for the plaintiff; Dhillon Dinesh Singh, Tan Xeauwei, Joel Lim and Teh
Shi Ying (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the first defendant.  
Parties| :|  International Research Corp PLC — Lufthansa Systems Asia Pacific
Pte Ltd and another  
  
12 November 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns the challenge of an arbitral tribunal’s (“the Tribunal”)
ruling on jurisdiction pursuant to section 10 of the International Arbitration
Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”). The gist of the challenge is whether
an arbitration clause contained in one contract between two parties binds a
third party who subsequently enters into a supplemental agreement with the
original two parties.

Background

Parties

2 The plaintiff, International Research Corporation Public Company Ltd
(“IRCP”), is a company engaged primarily in the business of providing
information and communication technology products and services. The first
defendant, Lufthansa Systems Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (“Lufthansa”), is in the
business of providing information technology services to companies in the
aviation industry. The second defendant, Datamat Public Company Ltd
(“Datamat”), provides information and computer technology services, including
the distribution of hardware and software maintenance services.

3 Lufthansa is the claimant and IRCP and Datamat are the respondents in SIAC
Arb. No. 061 of 2010 (“the arbitration proceedings”) which was instituted by
Lufthansa on 13 May 2010.

Facts

The Cooperation Agreement

4 The dispute in the arbitration proceedings pertains to payments due to
Lufthansa under the Cooperation Agreement for Application and Services
Implementation SAP R/3 IS A&D Contract No. LSY ASPAC 1ZW-B (“the Cooperation
Agreement”) entered into between Lufthansa and Datamat on or about 11 March
2005. Under the Cooperation Agreement, Lufthansa agreed to supply, deliver and
commission a new Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul System (“MRO System”). The
MRO System was a component of the Electronic Data Protection System (“the EDP
System”) which Datamat had agreed to provide to Thai Airways International
Public Company Ltd (“Thai Airways”) under an agreement between Datamat and
Thai Airways entered into earlier on 12 January 2005 (“the EDP System
Agreement”).

IRCP’s initial involvement with Datamat

5 On or about 14 March 2005, Datamat entered into a Sale and Purchase
Agreement (“the S&P Agreement”) with IRCP under which IRCP had three main
obligations. First, IRCP would provide a bankers’ guarantee in the name of
Datamat in order for Datamat to comply with its obligations under the EDP
System Agreement. Second, IRCP would also supply and deliver various hardware
and software products for the EDP System. Third, IRCP would pay Lufthansa for
the goods and services provided by Lufthansa under the Cooperation Agreement.
Datamat assigned its right to receive payment from Thai Airways to the Siam
Commercial Bank Public Company Ltd (“SCB”), with which Datamat also opened an
account for the said payments to be deposited.

Supplemental Agreements No. 1 and 2

6 Datamat subsequently ran into financial difficulties and was unable to meet
its payment obligations to Lufthansa. In April 2005, Lufthansa informed
Datamat that it would cease work unless Datamat could secure another party to
pay the outstanding as well as future invoices. On 8 August 2005, Lufthansa,
Datamat and IRCP entered into Supplemental Agreement No. 1, though its
effective date was backdated to 2 May 2005. Under this agreement, Datamat was
obliged to transfer to IRCP monies received from Thai Airways. Upon receiving
these monies, IRCP would pay Lufthansa for the works and services rendered by
Lufthansa under the Cooperation Agreement.

7 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 was entered into on 3 May 2006. The reasons for
the three parties (_ie_ Lufthansa, Datamat and IRCP) entering into
Supplemental Agreement No. 2 are disputed. Nevertheless, it is common ground
that under Supplemental Agreement No. 2, IRCP would pay Lufthansa for the sums
payable by Datamat under the Cooperation Agreement directly from IRCP’s bank
account with SCB. IRCP would only disburse the payments to Lufthansa after
payments by Thai Airways to Datamat were received by Datamat and transferred
to IRCP’s SCB account. This arrangement was effected by way of a Payment
Instruction and Authorisation by IRCP to SCB which was executed on the same
day as Supplemental Agreement No. 2.

Clauses 37.2 and 37.3 of the Cooperation Agreement

8 The Cooperation Agreement contains a multi-tiered dispute resolution
mechanism (“the Dispute Resolution Mechanism”). The first part of the Dispute
Resolution Mechanism is spelt out in cl 37.2:

Any dispute between the Parties relating to or in connection with this
Cooperation Agreement or a Statement of Works shall be referred:

37.2.1 first, to a committee consisting of the Parties’ Contact Persons or
their appointed designates for their review and opinion; and (if the matter
remains unresolved);

37.2.2 second, to a committee consisting of Datamat’s designee and Lufthansa
Systems’ Director Customer Relations; and (if the matter remains unresolved);

37.2.3 third, to a committee consisting of Datamat’s designee and Lufthansa
Systems’ Managing Director for resolution by them, and (if the matter remains
unresolved);

37.2.4 fourth, the dispute may be referred to arbitration as specified in
Clause 36.3 [_sic_] hereto.

9 I pause to note that the reference to “clause 36.3” in cl 37.2.4 was a
typographical error and actually referred to the arbitration clause in cl
37.3, the second part of the Dispute Resolution Mechanism. Clause 37.3 reads
as follows:

All disputes arising out of this Cooperation Agreement, which cannot be
settled by mediation pursuant to Clause 37.2, shall be finally settled by
arbitration to be held in Singapore in the English language under the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre Rules (“SIAC Rules”). The
arbitration panel shall consist of three (3) arbitrators, each of the Parties
has the right to appoint one (1) arbitrator. The two (2) arbitrators will in
turn appoint the third arbitrator. Should either Party fail to appoint its
respective arbitrator within thirty (30) days as from the date requested by
the other Party, or should the two (2) arbitrators so appointed fail to
appoint the third arbitrator within thirty (30) days from the date of the last
appointment of the two arbitrators, the arbitrators not so appointed shall be
appointed by the chairman of the SIAC Rules within thirty (30) days from a
request by either Party.

The arbitration proceedings

10 Between 2 January 2008 and 17 April 2008, Lufthansa sent letters to IRCP
demanding payment of outstanding sums from IRCP (“the Payment Dispute”). IRCP
refused payment on several grounds, alleging that: (a) Lufthansa had demanded
payment for invoices that were not included in the services specified by the
S&P Agreement which IRCP was liable to pay for; (b) Lufthansa had failed to
complete certain works and services under the Cooperation Agreement which
resulted in Thai Airways and Datamat withholding the issuance of the
Certificate of Acceptance, a precondition to the payment of invoices; and (c)
Thai Airways had not remitted any payment in respect of the invoices which
Lufthansa was seeking payment. These grounds were communicated to Lufthansa in
a letter dated 8 October 2008. Numerous meetings were also held from March
2006 to July 2009 to address the Payment Dispute. Nothing happened till 2010.

11 On 24 February 2010, Lufthansa informed Datamat and IRCP that it was
terminating the Cooperation Agreement and Supplemental Agreements No. 1 and 2
(collectively “the Supplemental Agreements”). On 13 May 2010, Lufthansa filed
its Notice of Arbitration with the Singapore International Arbitration Centre
(SIAC), pursuant to cl 37.3 of the Cooperation Agreement. In its Response to
Arbitration dated 14 June 2010, IRCP objected to being joined to the
arbitration on the ground that an arbitral tribunal would not have
jurisdiction to resolve the Payment Dispute. IRCP argued that it was not a
party to the arbitration agreement which was contained in the Cooperation
Agreement and even if it were a party, Lufthansa had failed to comply with the
preconditions for the commencement of arbitration proceedings contained in cl
37.2. Notwithstanding these objections, Lufthansa and IRCP each proceeded to
appoint an arbitrator pursuant to cl 37.3, and the two party-appointed
arbitrators in turn appointed a third arbitrator. Datamat informed SIAC that
it was undergoing a business rehabilitation petition in Thailand, and it did
not participate in the arbitration proceedings.

12 The Tribunal dismissed IRCP’s objections on jurisdiction. In its decision
dated 1 June 2012, the Tribunal held that the Cooperation Agreement and the
Supplemental Agreements were to be treated as one composite agreement between
Lufthansa, Datamat and IRCP. Accordingly, the arbitration agreement found in
cl 37.3 applied to the Supplemental Agreements, which IRCP was indisputably a
party to. On whether the preconditions to the commencement of the arbitration
proceedings had been fulfilled, the Tribunal held that cl 37.2 was too
uncertain to be enforceable. There were therefore no preconditions which
barred the commencement of the arbitration proceedings.

Present proceedings

13 Dissatisfied with the Tribunal’s ruling, IRCP commenced the present
proceedings Originating Summons Number 636 of 2012 (“OS 636/2012”) on 29 June
2012 seeking, _inter alia_ :

(a) a declaration that the Tribunal does not have jurisdiction to determine
the dispute between Lufthansa and IRCP; and

(b) an order that the Tribunal’s ruling on jurisdiction be set aside.

14 It is not disputed that IRCP is entitled to challenge the Tribunal’s
decision on jurisdiction pursuant to Art 16(3) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration (“Model Law”) read with s 10 of the IAA.

Plaintiff’s case

15 IRCP canvassed the same line of arguments which it had made before the
Tribunal, namely, that it was not a party to the Cooperation Agreement, and
even if it were, the preconditions to the commencement of the arbitration
proceedings were not satisfied.

16 On the first point, IRCP argued that the Cooperation Agreement and the
Supplemental Agreements could not be read together as one composite agreement
as the parties to the Cooperation Agreement were not the same as the parties
to the subsequent Supplemental Agreements. Instead, IRCP characterised the
present case as a “two-contract case” as it involved multiple agreements with
different parties. Unlike the “single contract case”, there must be an express
reference in the subsequent contract to the arbitration agreement in the first
contract for the arbitration agreement to be binding in a “two-contract case”.
Emphasis was placed by IRCP on the fact that the parties never discussed the
incorporation of the arbitration agreement found in the Cooperation Agreement
when entering into the Supplemental Agreements.

17 On the second point, IRCP contended that the mediation procedure set out in
cl 37.2 is clear and unambiguous, and is expressed in unqualified and
mandatory terms. It states that before any dispute may be referred to
arbitration, it must first be referred for resolution to a committee
consisting of the Parties’ Contact Persons or their appointed designates for
their review and opinion, and if the matter is unresolved, to a committee
consisting of Datamat’s designee and Lufthansa Systems’ Director Customer
Relations. If the matter still remains unresolved, the dispute must be
referred to a third committee consisting of Datamat’s designee and Lufthansa
Systems’ Managing Director. IRCP alleged that as the dispute was never put
before any of these committees for mediation, the preconditions to the
commencement of the arbitration proceedings were not satisfied. The Tribunal
therefore lacked jurisdiction to resolve the dispute.

Defendant’s case

18 Lufthansa put up a straightforward case: IRCP is bound by the arbitration
agreement as Lufthansa, Datamat and IRCP had intended the Supplemental
Agreements to be an extension of the Cooperation Agreement. This intention is
manifested in the preamble and cl 6 of Supplemental Agreement No. 1, and cll 1
and 8 of Supplemental Agreement No. 2. Lufthansa also submitted that the
Supplemental Agreements cannot be read as standalone agreements. They would
only make sense when read together with the Cooperation Agreement. In short,
Lufthansa adopted the finding of the Tribunal that the three agreements were
in fact one composite agreement.

19 On whether the preconditions to the commencement of the arbitration
proceedings had been satisfied, Lufthansa’s primary case was that cl 37.2 was
too vague and imprecise to be enforceable. The main thrust of its attack on cl
37.2 was that no particular procedure was prescribed for the parties to
follow. Consequently, it was not possible to determine whether the
preconditions were fulfilled.

20 Lufthansa’s secondary case was that even if cl 37.2 was sufficiently
certain and thus enforceable, Lufthansa had complied, in substance, with the
conditions in cl 37.2. It pointed to the fact that there had been at least 24
meetings involving the three parties from March 2006 to July 2009 in an
attempt to resolve the various disputes. These meetings involved various
management personnel, including some from senior management. There had also
been extensive correspondence between the parties on the disputed issues.
Hence, the substance of the mediation procedure as envisaged in cl 37.2 had
already taken place. Further negotiations would likely be futile and the
Tribunal was right to have assumed jurisdiction.

Issues

21 The two main issues raised by the parties are:

(a) whether IRCP is bound by the Dispute Resolution Mechanism, in particular
the arbitration agreement in cl 37.3; and

(b) if IRCP is bound by the Dispute Resolution Mechanism, whether the
preconditions in cl 37.2 for the commencement of arbitration proceedings have
been satisfied.

Decision

Whether IRCP is bound by the arbitration agreement

22 Whether IRCP is bound by the arbitration agreement in the Dispute
Resolution Mechanism depends entirely on the parties’ intentions, which are to
be objectively ascertained.

Incorporation of Clause 37.3 into the Supplemental Agreements

23 Lufthansa’s case is that the Supplemental Agreements should be construed as
extensions of the Cooperation Agreement as this comports with the parties’
intentions. Conversely, IRCP’s position is that the Supplemental Agreements
are separate and distinct from the Cooperation Agreement. There is, however,
one common ground. Lufthansa and IRCP both accept that _if_ the agreements are
distinct and separate, clear and express words are required to incorporate cl
37.3 into the Supplemental Agreements. This follows from the established rule
that clear and express reference to the arbitration agreement is required for
its incorporation in a “two-contract case”: _Star-Trans Far East Pte Ltd v
Norske-Tech Ltd and others_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 196; _Sea Trade Maritime
Corporation v Hellenic Mutual War Risks Association (Bermuda) Ltd (The
“Athena”) (No 2)_ [2007] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 280 (“ _The Athena (No 2)_ ”) at [81];
_Habas Sinai Ve_ _Tibbi_ _Gazlar_ _Isthisal_ _Endustri AS v Sometal SAL_
[2010] EWHC 29 (Comm) at [49].

24 The facts of _Star-Trans_ are instructive. Star-Trans, a freight forwarder,
had entered into a contract with Norske-Tech and Speditor. The purpose of the
contract was for Star-Trans and Speditor to organise ocean carriage of plant
and equipment from various parts of the world to a proposed construction site
in Riau, Indonesia for Norse-Tech who had undertaken the construction project.
There was an arbitration clause in this contract. Separately, another company,
PT Riau, had furnished a performance guarantee to secure Norske-Tech’s
performance of its obligations under the contract. The performance guarantee
bore the signatures of Star-Trans, Norske-Tech and PT Riau. Disputes later
arose between Star-Trans, Norske-Tech and PT Riau, and Star-Trans commenced
court proceedings. Norske-Tech and PT Riau applied for a stay of the court
proceedings on the ground that Star-Trans had agreed to submit disputes
between the parties to arbitration.

25 An issue which the court had to address was whether PT Riau was a party to
the contract as a consequence of the performance guarantee. Clause 3 of the
performance guarantee provided _inter alia_ that “all the rights of Norske-
Tech under the contract _may_ be exercised by PT Riau ... and the rights of
Norske-Tech under the contract _may at any time be assigned to PT Riau_
[emphasis added by Star-Trans]”. The Court of Appeal held (at [21]–[22]) that
cl 3 was insufficient to bring PT Riau in as an additional party to the
contract as cl 3 did not oblige PT Riau to assume all of Norse-Tech’s
liabilities; PT Riau had the liberty to choose which obligation it wished to
discharge. There was no novation or express assignment of Norske-Tech’s rights
to PT Riau. The court further noted that Speditor never signed the performance
guarantee and thus never agreed to PT Riau being added as a party to the
contract. Unless PT Riau was a party to the contract, it could not invoke the
arbitration agreement.

26 An alternative argument raised by Norske-Tech and PT Riau was that the
arbitration agreement in the contract had been incorporated into the
performance guarantee by cl 3. The Court of Appeal held (at [34]–[35]) that
although the boundaries between the contract and the performance guarantee
were not entirely clear, the performance guarantee was still a separate and
distinct contractual undertaking _vis-à-vis_ the contract. Hence, the use of
general words such as “all rights” was not sufficiently clear to permit the
incorporation of the arbitration clause by reference into the performance
guarantee.

27 The views of Mr Robert Merkin in _Arbitration Law_ (Lloyd’s, 1991) at para
4.22, which were cited by the Court of Appeal in _Star-Trans_ , are apposite:

The approach taken by the courts is that the arbitration clause in the
charterparty between owner and charterer _is not, in the absence of clear
wording, to be incorporated_ into the contract evidenced by the bill of lading
as between owner and consignee. The rule is probably not confined to bills of
lading cases, and it has been held in other contexts that _an arbitration
clause in a contract between A and B is not to be incorporated by reference
into a contract between B and C unless clear words of incorporation are used_.

[emphasis added]

28 The policy behind requiring clear and express words of incorporation for an
arbitration agreement was summarised by Sir John Megaw in _Aughton Ltd v MF
Kent Services Ltd_ (1991) 57 BLR 1 at 31–32:

There are, in my opinion, three important inter-related factors peculiar to
arbitration agreements. First, an arbitration agreement may preclude the
parties to it from bringing a dispute before a court of law ...

Secondly, it has been laid down by statute (Arbitration Act 1950 s.32 as re-
enacted in section 7(1)(e) of the Arbitration Act 1979) that an arbitration
agreement has to be “a written agreement” ...

Thirdly, the status of a so-called “arbitration clause” included in a contract
of any nature is different from other types of clauses because it constitutes
a “self-contained contract collateral or ancillary to” the substantive
contract.

29 Thus, the approach towards incorporating an arbitration clause in one
contract into another is extremely strict. In fact, the court in _L &M
Concrete Specialists Pte Ltd v United Eng Contractors Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR(R)
852 at [18] held that for an arbitration agreement in one contract to be
incorporated into another, it must be brought to the attention of the other
contracting party with a “red hand pointing to it”, borrowing the phrase used
by Lord Denning in _Thornton v Shoe Lane Parking Ltd_ [1971] 2 QB 163. In this
regard, I note that Lufthansa has not advanced any argument along the lines
that clear words of incorporation have been used in the Supplemental
Agreements. Looking at the Supplemental Agreements, it is evident that there
are no clear words which expressly refer to cl 37.3.

30 The only clause in Supplemental Agreement No. 1 which may be construed as a
reference to cl 37.3 is cl 6. Clause 6 provides:

All other provisions of the [Cooperation] Agreement shall remain effective and
enforceable.

31 A similar clause in Supplemental Agreement No. 2, cl 8, states:

All other provisions of the [Cooperation] Agreement and the Supplemental No. 1
shall remain effective and enforceable.

32 As the Court of Appeal in _Star-Trans_ held, a general reference to “all
rights” is insufficient to incorporate an arbitration agreement found in a
separate contract. There are no clear words referring to cl 37.3. If I were to
apply the strict rule that clear words are required to incorporate an
arbitration agreement (the “strict rule”), it must follow that cl 37.3 was not
incorporated into the Supplemental Agreements.

Composite, or separate and distinct agreements

33 The question, however, is whether the strict rule is applicable in every
circumstance, particularly in the present case. Lufthansa’s case rests
entirely on the proposition that because the Supplemental Agreements “have
been made part of the Cooperation Agreement”, cl 37.3 is therefore applicable
to IRCP. Lufthansa argues that the parties intended the Cooperation Agreement
and the Supplemental Agreements to be read as one composite agreement. In
other words, the agreement between Lufthansa, Datamat and IRCP comprised the
Cooperation Agreement _and_ the Supplemental Agreements (“the Composite
Agreement”). On this analysis, there is nothing to “incorporate” into the
Supplemental Agreements. Clause 37.3 binds IRCP because it is an integral part
of the Composite Agreement and all three are parties to the Composite
Agreement.

34 Several instruments made to effect one object may be construed as one
instrument and read together: _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell,
30th Ed, 2008) (“ _Chitty_ ”) at para 12-067. Documents executed at different
times may be regarded as part of the same agreement if the documents in
substance represent a single transaction between the parties. Although it may
be possible for parties to hive off parts of their arrangements into separate
and distinct contracts (see _Tootal Clothing Ltd v Guinea Properties Ltd
Management Ltd_ [1992] EGLR 80), the court should be wary of artificially
dividing what is in truth a composite transaction: _Grossman v Hooper_ [2001]
EGLR 82.

35 In _Smith v Chadwick_ (1882) 20 Ch D 27, Jessel MR said (at 62–63):

... when documents are actually contemporaneous, that is two deeds executed at
the same moment, ... or within so short an interval that having regard to the
nature of the transaction the Court comes to the conclusion that the series of
deeds represents a single transaction between the _same parties_ , it is then
that they are all treated as one deed; and of course, one deed between the
_same parties_ may be read to show the meaning of a sentence and be equally
read, although not contained in one deed but in several parchments, if all the
parchments together in the view of the Court make up one document for this
purpose.

[emphasis added]

36 In the present case however, I have to consider the fact that the parties
to the Cooperation Agreement and the Supplemental Agreements are not the same.
IRCP is not a party to the Cooperation Agreement. For this reason, I do not
find Lufthansa’s reliance on _Emmott v Michael Wilson (No. 2)_ [2009] EWHC 1
(Comm) to be of assistance to its position, notwithstanding Lufthansa’s
position that the difference in identity of the parties is “irrelevant”. In
_Emmott_ , the parties, Mr Emmott and Michael Wilson Partners Limited (“MWP”)
entered into an agreement in 2001 to operate a quasi-partnership to provide
legal services in Kazakhstan (“the 2001 Agreement”). The 2001 Agreement
provided for disputes to be resolved by arbitration in London. In 2005, Mr
Emmott, MWP, and Mr Wilson, who was a director and shareholder of MWP, agreed
to transfer shares in another company to Mr Emmott as payment for work done by
him (“the 2005 Agreement”). The 2005 Agreement did not contain an arbitration
clause. Disputes then arose with regard to the transfer of those shares and
the court had to deal with a preliminary issue as to whether the arbitral
tribunal had jurisdiction to deal with the 2005 Agreement. MWP tried to argue
that the dispute was not subject to arbitration because it did not fall within
the 2005 Agreement. This was rejected by Teare J, who held that the 2001
Agreement was part of the background factual matrix which was relevant to the
construction of the 2005 Agreement. He referred (at [36]) to _Fiona Trust v
Privalov_ [2008] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 254 (“ _Fiona Trust_ ”), where the now oft-
cited presumption was enunciated by Lord Hoffman (at [13]):

In my opinion the construction of an arbitration clause should start from the
_assumption_ that the parties, as rational businessmen, are likely to have
intended any dispute arising out of the _relationship_ into which they have
entered or purported to enter to be decided by the same tribunal. The clause
should be construed in accordance with this presumption _unless_ the language
makes it clear that certain questions were intended to be excluded from the
arbitrators’ jurisdiction.

[emphasis added]

Applying this presumption, Teare J held that disputes under the 2005 Agreement
were likely to have been intended to be determined by the same arbitral
tribunal as provided for in the arbitration clause in the 2001 Agreement.

37 _Emmott_ does not assist Lufthansa for two reasons. First, the party which
was resisting arbitration—MWP—was itself a party to the 2001 Agreement, which
contained the arbitration agreement. This fact alone renders _Emmott_
distinguishable from the present case. IRCP, which is seeking to resist
arbitration, was not a party to the Cooperation Agreement which contained the
arbitration agreement and Dispute Resolution Mechanism. Second, and more
significantly, the critical issue in _Emmott_ was whether the dispute over the
transfer of shares which arose out of the 2005 Agreement fell within the scope
of the arbitration agreement in the 2001 Agreement. That was why the _Fiona
Trust_ presumption was applied. The issue in _Emmott_ was effectively a
question of the scope of the disputes covered under the arbitration agreement.
The same approach cannot be applied to the present case. IRCP’s objection is
not that the scope of cl 37.2 does not extend to the Supplemental Agreements;
its objection is that it did not even agree to cl 37.2 as it was not even a
party to the Cooperation Agreement.

38 Likewise, the Court of Appeal case of _Tjong Very Sumito and others v Antig
Investments Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 does not advance Lufthansa’s case. In
that case, the appellants and the respondent entered into a shares sale and
purchase agreement (“SPA”) which contained a clause providing for disputes to
be resolved by arbitration. Crucially, the same parties subsequently entered
into four further supplemental agreements. Each supplemental agreement was
expressed to be supplemental to the SPA. A dispute arose as to whether a
payment arrangement under the fourth supplemental agreement was subject to the
arbitration clause in the SPA. The Court of Appeal held (at [67]) that it was,
on the basis that the fourth supplemental agreement “could not exist
independently without the SPA; nor would it make sense on its own. Like the
first three supplemental agreements, its purpose was to supplement and/or
modify certain terms of the SPA.” The dispute therefore arose in connection
with the SPA. Unlike the present case, the Court of Appeal was not concerned
with a situation where a non-party to the SPA became a party to the four
supplemental agreements. Indeed, it specifically highlighted (at [7]) that the
appellants and respondent “were the only parties to the SPA and the four
supplemental agreements”. In that regard, there was no difficulty in
construing that the intention to be bound by the arbitration clause in the SPA
extended to the four supplemental agreements.

39 Counsel for IRCP, Mr Subramaniam s/o Ayasamy Pillai (“Mr Pillai”), latched
onto the difference in the identity of the parties in his submissions. He drew
attention to the fact that in the authorities which considered several
agreements as one composite agreement, the parties to the various agreements
were the same throughout: see _Faghirzadeh v Rudolf Wolff (SffA) (Pty) Ltd_
[1977] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 630; and _Fletamentos_ _Maritimos SA v Effjohn
International BV_ [1996] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 304.

40 Mr Pillai also referred to _Coop International Pte Ltd v Ebel SA_ [1998] 1
SLR(R) 615, a previous decision of mine which appears to support IRCP’s
position. Although the propositions of law stated in _Coop_ are relevant, the
facts there were very different. I am not persuaded that _Coop_ is of much
assistance to IRCP. In that case, the parties had entered into a
distributorship agreement which contained an arbitration clause. Subsequently,
the parties terminated the distributorship agreement by entering into a
termination agreement. There was no arbitration clause in this new termination
agreement. They then entered into a third agreement, a settlement agreement,
sometime later. A dispute arose as to the payment of sums under the settlement
agreement, and Coop commenced proceedings for the disputed sum in the
Singapore courts. Ebel applied for a stay of proceedings on the basis of the
arbitration agreement in the distributorship agreement. Coop argued that the
dispute did not arise out of the distributorship agreement which had been
terminated. Instead, the parties’ respective rights were now governed by the
settlement agreement. Save for one development, I regard my observations then
to be equally applicable now (at [26], and [30]–[31]):

[26] However, if the _parties subsequently enter a new agreement or a series
of new agreements which do not have any arbitration clauses, and the dispute
concerns these new agreements and not the original distributorship agreement,
it becomes much less clear (a) whether the dispute in fact has any connection
at all with the original agreement; and (b) whether the arbitration clause
contained in the original agreement is applicable at all to the later
agreements._

...

[30] It is therefore _a question of construction whether the new agreement is
merely supplemental to or a variation of the first agreement, or it is one
which is wholly separate and independent of the first agreement. Whether an
arbitration clause present in one agreement could be construed to cover both
agreements is also another question of construction._

[31] _Where two agreements can be regarded substantially as one agreement
rather than two separate agreements, then it is likely that the arbitration
clause in one agreement would govern disputes arising out of the other
agreement. However, if in reality, the two agreements are distinct and
separate agreements which cannot be viewed properly as one agreement with
varied or additional terms, it would be much less likely for an arbitration
clause in one agreement to be construed as having been imported or
incorporated into the other agreement without there being some appropriate
words in either agreement indicating that there was such an intention by the
parties to have it construed in that way._ There is no presumption that the
parties, after having agreed to refer to arbitration disputes arising out of
one agreement must necessarily have agreed also to refer disputes in all
subsequent agreements to arbitration.

[emphasis added]

41 An important development which has occurred since I decided _Coop_ is the
presumption in _Fiona Trust_ that in the absence of clear language which
illuminates the parties’ contrary objective intentions, rational businessmen
can be assumed to have intended to resolve disputes arising from their
_relationship_ through the same dispute resolution mechanism. I accept this
general proposition, but I find that it has no bearing on the present case.
The issue before me is not one of the scope of cl. 37.3, but whether IRCP has
agreed to be bound by it.

42 Coming back to the decision in _Coop_ , I found that the settlement
agreement was not a variation of the distributorship agreement particularly
because it did not make any sense to vary or supplement an agreement which had
been terminated. At the time the settlement agreement was entered into, it was
clear that the parties considered the distributorship agreement “dead”. I went
on and noted that if the parties had wanted disputes arising under the
settlement agreement to be decided by arbitration, the simplest thing to do
was to include an arbitration clause as they had done for the distributorship
agreement. I held that the absence of a new arbitration clause or any
reference to the arbitration clause in the distributorship agreement was an
indication that the parties did not intend to resolve disputes under the
settlement agreement by arbitration.

43 The first and most obvious difference between _Coop_ and the present
situation is that the Cooperation Agreement in this case was not terminated,
unlike the distributorship agreement in _Coop_. Lufthansa, Datamat and IRCP
had plainly not contemplated an entirely new agreement to govern their
respective rights and obligations. Second, the Payment Dispute is not one
which arises entirely under the Supplemental Agreements, independent from the
Cooperation Agreement. Whether Lufthansa is entitled to payments from IRCP is
connected to both the Supplemental Agreements as well as the Cooperation
Agreement. The fact that there was no arbitration clause or a specific
reference to cl 37.3 in the Supplemental Agreements is not conclusive. It begs
the question whether by entering into the Supplemental Agreements and having
regard to the factual matrix where the Supplemental Agreements are not only
supplemental to but are annexed to and form an integral part of the
Cooperation Agreement, the three parties had intended the terms of the
Cooperation Agreement, and in particular the Dispute Resolution Mechanism, to
be binding on all three parties.

44 In this regard, I found the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Astrata
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v Portcullis Escrow Pte Ltd and another and other matters_
[2011] 3 SLR 386 to be of some relevance. The facts of _Astrata_ are complex.
Astrata had entered into a supply agreement with Tridex to develop and supply
an electronic plate system to Tridex. Pursuant to the supply agreement,
Astrata, Tridex and a third entity, PEPL, entered into an escrow agreement.
Under this escrow agreement, PEPL was to hold in escrow certain property. PEPL
was obliged to deliver the escrow property to Tridex if a stipulated
triggering event occurred. The supply agreement contained an arbitration
clause while the escrow agreement contained a non-exclusive jurisdiction
clause in favour of the Singapore courts. Subsequently, Astrata’s holding
company underwent reorganisation in the United States pursuant to Chapter 11
of Title 11 of the United States Code (“Chapter 11 reorganisation”) and this
prompted Tridex to terminate the supply agreement on the ground that Astrata
had breached its obligations under the same. Tridex also wrote to PEPL on the
same day stating that it was invoking its rights under the escrow agreement as
Astrata’s holding company’s Chapter 11 reorganisation constituted a stipulated
triggering event. Astrata disputed this and instructed PEPL not to release the
escrow property to Tridex.

45 PEPL sought a declaration from the Singapore court as to whether any
triggering event had occurred and Astrata applied to stay the proceedings on
the ground that its dispute with Tridex on whether there was a triggering
event was a matter for arbitration. Astrata’s case was that the arbitration
clause in the supply agreement covered any bilaterial dispute between Astrata
and Tridex in relation to the escrow property. The non-exclusive jurisdiction
clause in the escrow agreement only covered trilateral disputes between
Astrata, Tridex and PEPL. Alternatively, the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause
should be construed as an agreement that parties may seek _curial_ assistance
from the Singapore courts. Tridex’s position was that the dispute over escrow
property had been carved out from the supply agreement and was to be dealt
with exclusively under the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in the escrow
agreement.

46 The Court of Appeal agreed with Tridex. It observed that the logical
implication of Astrata’s argument was that a dispute with _only_ Tridex over
whether a triggering event had taken place under the escrow agreement would be
determined by arbitration, but the same dispute with _only_ PEPL would be
determined by the Singapore court. This, the court held (at [28]–[29]), was
not rational. Further, the entire agreement clause in the subsequent escrow
agreement suggested to the court that the escrow agreement and supply
agreement were intended to apply to their respective spheres of issues. It
therefore held that the dispute over whether a trigger event had occurred was
a matter under the escrow agreement and on that basis, the non-exclusive
jurisdiction agreement, not the arbitration agreement, applied.

47 _Astrata_ is helpful to a certain extent because it also involves the
interpretation of a subsequent agreement entered into by two parties to a
prior agreement, and a new third party. It demonstrates that the two original
contracting parties may agree to a new method of dispute resolution for a
specific dispute which differs from the dispute resolution mechanism under the
prior agreement. Although _Astrata_ illustrates how the court may infer the
parties’ objective intentions when a third party enters into an agreement with
two original contracting parties, the facts of _Astrata_ are nevertheless
different from the present case. Unlike _Astrata_ , the Supplemental
Agreements do not contain an independent, and more importantly, different
dispute resolution mechanism. Second, the escrow agreement in _Astrata_ ,
which was entered into more than six months after the supply agreement,
contained an entire agreement clause which is not present in the Supplemental
Agreements before me. By agreeing subsequently to the entire agreement clause,
the parties in _Astrata_ , and in particular Astrata and Tridex, had evinced
their intention that the matters under the escrow agreement were to be
independent from the supply agreement. On the contrary, both Supplemental
Agreements clearly stipulate that the Supplemental Agreements are to be
“annexed to and made a part of the [Cooperation Agreement]”.

48 In the end, I found the approaches taken by both parties to be of little
help in addressing the one true issue: what were Lufthansa, Datamat and IRCP’s
common intentions, if any, when objectively ascertained, as to the
applicability of the Dispute Resolution Mechanism to resolve their disputes
(be they bilateral or trilateral in nature, which of course cannot be
predicted) at the time when all of them entered into the Supplemental
Agreements? An assertion that the Dispute Resolution Mechanism was
incorporated into the Supplemental Agreements or the various agreements
between the parties were in essence one Composite Agreement, are two ways of
saying the same thing _viz_ that the three parties, from an objective
perspective, intended to be bound by the Dispute Resolution Mechanism. Be it
incorporation or construction, the court is always seeking to ascertain the
parties’ objective intentions: _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold
Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“ _Zurich
Insurance_ ”) at [125].

49 In _Svenska Petroleum Exploration AB v Government of the Republic of
Lithuania (No 2)_ [2007] 1 QB 886, the Government of Lithuania (“Lithuania”)
signed an oil exploration joint venture agreement together with the plaintiff,
Svenska, and the other defendant, Geonafta. Lithuania, however, was not
expressed to be a party to the joint venture agreement, even though some of
the terms of the agreement dealt with the rights and obligations of the
Lithuania. However, over the signatures of the representatives signing on
behalf of Lithuania was a rubric in the follow terms: “ _[t]he Government of
Lithuania hereby approves the above agreement and acknowledges itself to be
legally and contractually bound as if the Government were a signatory to the
Agreement_.” The joint venture agreement also contained an arbitration
agreement. The joint venture agreement was further expressed to be governed by
the laws of Lithuania, supplemented where required by rules of international
business activities generally accepted in the petroleum industry so long as
they did not contradict the laws of Lithuania. The parties accepted (see [24])
that under Lithuanian law the court had to ascertain the parties’ real
intentions, _ie_ their common intentions, by reference not only to the
language of the document in which their agreement was expressed but also by
reference to such other evidence as might be of assistance, including pre-
contractual negotiations and post-contractual conduct as well as the
surrounding circumstances, existing usages and any communications between
them. The exercise was essentially objective in nature.

50 A dispute later arose and Svenska brought claims in an arbitration in
Denmark against Lithuania and succeeded. Lithuania resisted the enforcement of
the award in England, arguing that it was not a party to the arbitration
agreement. Lithuania stressed that it was not named as a party to the joint
venture agreement. The English Court of Appeal rejected this argument. Moore-
Bick LJ held (at [26]–[28]) that whether Lithuania “signed” the joint venture
agreement or “became a party” to it was “immaterial”. What mattered was
whether by signing on the joint venture agreement with the attached
explanation of its purpose in so doing, Lithuania intended to undertake
legally binding obligations towards Svenska, and this was “essentially a
question of construction”.

51 I fully concur with Moore-Bick LJ’s general approach which focuses on the
ascertainment of the parties’ objective intentions. The use of legal
constructs such as “one composite agreement” or “incorporation” may be helpful
in most cases, but it is not dispositive in the present case. I will therefore
start from the first principles of contractual interpretation.

Parties’ objective intention

The modern contextual approach to interpretation

52 The purpose of interpretation is to give effect to the intention of the
parties objectively ascertained. This objective ascertainment of the parties’
intentions is the cornerstone of the theory of contract and permeates our
entire approach to contractual interpretation: _Zurich Insurance_ at [125]. In
_Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1
WLR 896 (“ _ICS_ ”), Lord Hoffmann restated the principles of contractual
interpretation (at 912–913):

(1)Interpretation is the ascertainment of the meaning which the document would
convey to a reasonable person having all the background knowledge which would
reasonably have been available to the parties in the situation in which they
were at the time of the contract.

(2)The background was famously referred to by Lord Wilberforce as the “matrix
of fact”, but this phrase is, if anything, an understated description of what
the background may include. Subject to the requirement that it should have
been reasonably available to the parties and to the exception to be mentioned
next, it includes absolutely anything which would have affected the way in
which the language of the document would have been understood by a reasonable
man.

(3)The law excludes from the admissible background the previous negotiations
of the parties and their declarations of subjective intent. They are
admissible only in an action for rectification. The law makes this distinction
for reasons of practical policy and, in this respect only, legal
interpretation differs from the way we would interpret utterances in ordinary
life. The boundaries of this exception are in some respects unclear. But this
is not the occasion on which to explore them.

(4)The meaning which a document (or any other utterance) would convey to a
reasonable man is not the same thing as the meaning of its words. The meaning
of words is a matter of dictionaries and grammars; the meaning of the document
is what the parties using those words against the relevant background would
reasonably have been understood to mean. The background may not merely enable
the reasonable man to choose between the possible meanings of words which are
ambiguous but even (as occasionally happens in ordinary life) to conclude that
the parties must, for whatever reason, have used the wrong words or syntax:
see _Mannai Investments Co. Ltd. v Eagle Star Life Assurance Co. Ltd._ [1997]
A.C. 749.

(5)The “rule” that words should be given their “natural and ordinary meaning”
reflects the common sense proposition that we do not easily accept that people
have made linguistic mistakes, particularly in formal documents. On the other
hand, if one would nevertheless conclude from the background that something
must have gone wrong with the language, the law does not require judges to
attribute to the parties an intention which they plainly could not have had.
Lord Diplock made this point more vigorously when he said in _Antaios_
_Compania_ _Naviera S.A. v Salen_ _Rederierna A.B._ [1985] A.C. 191, 201:

“if detailed semantic and syntactical analysis of words in a commercial
contract is going to lead to a conclusion that flouts business commonsense, it
must be made to yield to business commonsense.”

53 This modern contextual approach to interpretation was held by the Court of
Appeal in the landmark decision of _Zurich Insurance_ (at [109], [114] and
[132(c)]) as representing the state of the law in Singapore, though a clear
and obvious context is required to justify the court’s adoption of a different
interpretation from that suggested by the plain language of the contract:
_Zurich Insurance_ at [129]. It is important to remember that the contextual
approach is not a usurpation of the plain-meaning rule in interpretation.
There is no gainsaying that the language in the agreement is an important
starting point: _Re Sigma Finance Corporation (in administrative
receivership)_ [2008] EWCA Civ 1303 at [98]. It may even be paramount in
certain instances: _Re Sigma Finance Corporation (in administrative
receivership)_ [2009] UKSC 2 (“ _Re Sigma Finance (SC)_)” at [37]. However, as
Professor Catherine Mitchell explained in her book, _Interpretation of
Contracts: Current controversies in law_ (Routledge-Cavendish, 2007) (cited
with approval in _Zurich Insurance_ at [61]), the plain meaning of the
language alone is insufficient (at p 60):

The significance of Lord Hoffmann’s speech lies in its recognition that all
understanding relies upon context to a greater or lesser extent, and that
contractual interpretation is no different. The ‘reasonable person’, in
deciphering communicative utterances, utilises all necessary background
knowledge to access meaning. _Thus a plain meaning or literal approach is not
an alternative to contextual interpretation, but can only be understood as
operating within [the] contextual method._

[emphasis added]

54 Professor Mitchell’s observation of the interaction between the plain
meaning rule and reference to the background context is illuminating. Lord
Nicholls, writing extra-judicially in “My Kingdom for a Horse: The Meaning of
Words” (2005) 121 LQR 577, echoed the same point (at 579):

_When considered in isolation words normally bear the meanings attributed to
them in dictionaries. But when used as a medium of communication words do not
speak for themselves. They have to be interpreted._ Interpretation is the
process whereby the hearer seeks to identify the idea the speaker sought to
convey by the words he used. **_In order to do this, it is always necessary to
know the context in which the words were being used_**. The phrase “eats
shoots and leaves” has a different meaning depending on whether the context is
the eating habits of pandas or the lifestyle of Wild West outlaws.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

55 In Singapore, the contextual approach was also helpfully elaborated upon by
V K Rajah JA, writing extra-judicially after _Zurich Insurance_ (V K Rajah,
“Redrawing Boundaries of Contractual Interpretation” (2012) 22 SAcLJ 513 at
[16]):

It is now better appreciated that words, even in the hands of skilled
practitioners, are not always capable of transmitting the precise meaning
which their authors intended. In order to ascertain the precise meaning of
words, resort must be had to the exact context which they were used. An
important consequence of this insight is the rejection of textual ambiguity as
a condition for resorting to contextual aids – _the_ _process of interpreting
the text is necessarily incomplete until the entire_ _relevant context has
been considered. The so-called plain meaning rule_ _has been abandoned in
favour of a commonsense inference, which may_ _be confirmed or displaced by
the context, that words are used in their_ _natural, ordinary or common
signification._ ... _But, to emphasise, we can only be sure that the meaning
of a document read alone is the meaning the parties truly intended if we
consider all the objective circumstances, and, once again, the exercise might
reveal that the words used were unequal to express the parties’ true
intention._ As Lord Hoffman astutely pointed out, we must not “confuse the
meaning of words with the question of what meaning the use of the words was
intended to convey”.

[emphasis added]

56 It is trite law that the court does not inquire into the parties’
subjective states of mind: _Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA v
Ali_ [2002] 1 AC 251 at [8]. Instead, the courts are concerned with the
parties’ intentions as objectively ascertained from the agreement and the
background matrix of facts known to the parties which would affect the way a
reasonable person would understand the language used in the agreement.

57 The final point worth highlighting is the Court of Appeal’s endorsement in
_Zurich Insurance_ (at [131]) of Professor McMeel’s summary of principles and
techniques of contractual interpretation in his treatise, _The Construction of
Contracts: Interpretation, Implication and Rectification_ (OUP, 2007) at paras
1.124–1.133. The principles endorsed include:

_The holistic or_ _‘whole contract’ approach_

Thirdly, the exercise is one based on the _whole contract_ or an _holistic
approach_. Courts are not excessively focused upon a particular word, phrase,
sentence, or clause. Rather the emphasis is on the document or utterance as a
whole.

_The contextual dimension_

Fourthly, the exercise in construction is informed by the _surrounding
circumstances or external context_. Modern judges are prepared to look beyond
the four corners of a document, or the bare words of an utterance. It is
permissible to have regard to the _legal, regulatory, and factual matrix_
which constitutes the background in which the document was drafted or the
utterance was made.

_Business purpose_

Fifthly, within this framework due consideration is given to the _commercial
purpose_ of the transaction or provision. The courts have regard to the
overall purpose of the parties with respect to a particular transaction, or
more narrowly the reason why a particular obligation was undertaken.

_Avoiding unreasonable results_

Eighthly, a construction which leads to very unreasonable results is to be
avoided unless it is required by clear words and there is no other tenable
construction.

[emphasis in original]

Applying the contextual approach to the Supplemental Agreements

(i) Object and purpose of the Supplemental Agreements

58 Before considering the plain language in the Supplemental Agreements, it is
vital to understand the context which influenced the language used.

59 Supplemental Agreement No. 1 was entered into as a result of Lufthansa’s
concern that Datamat was unable to pay for works and services provided by
Lufthansa under the Cooperation Agreement. IRCP was brought into the
transaction by Datamat to satisfy the latter’s payment obligations to
Lufthansa under the Cooperation Agreement. IRCP would also provide a letter of
credit in favour of Lufthansa which Lufthansa may draw upon if payments were
not made. However, this did not resolve the payment issues. Lufthansa told
Datamat and IRCP that it would cease work unless a better arrangement for
ensuring payment was arrived at. This culminated in Supplemental Agreement No.
2, which provided, _inter alia_ , that payments to Lufthansa by IRCP would now
be deducted directly from IRCP’s SCB account. To enforce the direct deduction,
IRCP would execute a Payment Instruction and Authorisation letter to SCB.

60 Evidently, the object and purpose of the Supplemental Agreements was to
enforce Lufthansa’s right to payments under the Cooperation Agreement. The
Supplemental Agreements transferred Datamat’s payment obligations under the
Cooperation Agreement to IRCP. This is borne out by cll 1 and 3 in
Supplemental Agreement No. 1:

1\. Lufthansa Systems _shall_ issue invoices for any Services and/or
Deliverables _provided under to [sic] [Cooperation] Agreement_ in the name of
and send such invoices to _International Research Corporation Public Company
Limited_ ...

...

3\. _International Research Corporation Public Company Limited (“IRCP”)_
_agrees_ to make payment of such invoices issued pursuant to clause 1 above
_in accordance with the terms of the [Cooperation] Agreement_ , and to provide
the letter of credit in favour of Lufthansa Systems ... _In case any of such
invoices are not duly paid, Lufthansa Systems may draw the amounts under the
said letter of credit_ in accordance with their terms.

[emphasis added]

61 The relevant clauses in Supplemental Agreement No. 2 likewise show that all
three parties understood that Datamat’s payment obligations under the
Cooperation Agreement were now to be borne by IRCP:

2\. Payments due and payable to Lufthansa Systems as of the date hereof ...
_shall be paid by IRCP to Lufthansa_ ...

...

3\. All remaining payments payable to Lufthansa Systems shall be paid to
Lufthansa Systems _directly from the bank account of IRCP_...

...

7\. The parties agree that for the avoidance of doubt, _the obligations of
IRCP to make payment to Lufthansa Systems as referred to in clause 3 of the
Supplemental No. 1 shall only be limited to payment due and payable to
Lufthansa Systems_ under the MRO Project with Thai Airways International PLC
as prescribed in Statement of Work No. 1 SAP Implementation Project SAP R/3 IS
A&D dated 11 March 2005 _between Lufthansa Systems and Datamat_.

[emphasis added]

62 From these clauses in the Supplemental Agreements, it is clear that IRCP’s
payment obligations to Lufthansa are inextricably tied to Datamat’s
obligations under the Cooperation Agreement. A dispute over an invoice issued
under the Cooperation Agreement would invariably affect IRCP’s payment
obligations under the Supplemental Agreements. IRCP’s payment obligations are
not free-standing and unconnected to the terms of the Cooperation Agreement.
After all, the object and purpose of the Supplemental Agreements was to ensure
that Lufthansa would be paid for its work and services done under the
Cooperation Agreement. The close association between the Supplemental
Agreements and the Cooperation Agreement is further reflected in the preambles
to both Supplemental Agreements. The preamble to Supplemental Agreement No. 1
and cl 1 of Supplemental Agreement No. 2 both provide that the respective
Supplemental Agreements are “annexed to and made a part of” the Cooperation
Agreement, and in the event of inconsistency, the terms in the Supplemental
Agreements shall prevail over those in the Cooperation Agreement. Thus, there
is no doubt that the Supplemental Agreements can only be understood in
connection with the Cooperation Agreement. They serve to modify the original
payment obligations and mode of payment under the Cooperation Agreement with
the participation of IRCP in the amended payment framework within the
Cooperation Agreement. Their titles, “Supplemental Agreements”, mean precisely
what they say—agreements which are to be supplemental to the main agreement
_viz_ the Cooperation Agreement.

(ii) Plain language in the Supplemental Agreements

63 With the background context in mind, I turn now to the language used in the
Supplemental Agreements. The key aspects of the Supplemental Agreements which
may shed light on the parties’ expressed intentions are:

_Supplemental Agreement No. 1_

This Supplemental Agreement No. 1 (the “Supplemental Agreement”) is hereby
annexed to and made a part of the Agreement specified above. In the event that
the provisions of this Supplemental Agreement contradict or are inconsistent
with the provisions of the Agreement, the provisions of this Supplemental
Agreement shall prevail and govern.

...

5\. Lufthansa and Datamat agree that IRCP shall have no other obligations than
those provided in this Supplemental Agreement.

6\. All other provisions of the Agreement shall remain effective and
enforceable.

_Supplemental Agreement No. 2_

Whereas on May 2, 2005, Datamat and Lufthansa Systems have entered into the
Supplemental Agreement (the “Supplemental Agreement No. 1”), which has been
acknowledged and agreed to by International Research Corporation Public
Company Limited (“IRCP”); and

1\. This Supplemental Agreement No. 2 is hereby annexed to and made a part of
the Agreement specified above. ...

64 Mr Pillai relied on cl 5 of Supplemental Agreement No. 1 to support his
argument that the parties did not intend that IRCP was to be bound by the
Dispute Resolution Mechanism. Mr Pillai proffered a plain reading of cl 5.
IRCP was only obliged to make payments in accordance with the relevant
provisions relating to payments in the Supplemental Agreements. Through cl 5,
the parties expressly intended to limit IRCP’s obligations to those in the
Supplemental Agreements. There was no intention for IRCP to be bound by any
other obligation in the Cooperation Agreement, not least one as onerous as the
Dispute Resolution Mechanism. Counsel for Lufthansa, Mr Dhillon Dinesh Singh
(“Mr Singh”), responded by referring to cl 6 of Supplemental Agreement No. 1,
as well as the preamble of Supplemental Agreement No. 1 and cl 1 of
Supplemental Agreement No. 2. He argued that these clauses manifested the
parties’ unequivocal intention for the Supplemental Agreements “to be governed
by and made part of the Cooperation Agreement”. Mr Singh did not address cl 5
specifically.

65 At first blush, Mr Pillai’s construction of cl 5 is attractive. The plain
reading of cl 5 does lead to the conclusion that the parties only intended
that IRCP was to be bound by one major obligation _viz_ the obligation to pay
Lufthansa sums payable under the Cooperation Agreement. However, this must be
seen in the context in which the Supplemental Agreements were entered into. As
Rajah JA observed in _Redrawing the boundaries of Contractual Interpretation_
, “the process of interpreting the text is necessarily incomplete until the
entire relevant context has been considered”: see [55] above.

66 Bearing in mind the object and purpose of the Supplemental Agreements, I do
not accept Mr Pillai’s construction of cl 5. I agree that cl 5 was intended to
delineate IRCP’s limited role as a “payment conduit”. However, it must be
remembered that apart from its payment obligations to Lufthansa, Datamat had
other obligations under the Cooperation Agreement. Hence, there was a strong
commercial impetus for IRCP to want to ensure that its substantive
obligations—and by extension its liability—to both Lufthansa and Datamat were
restricted. Clause 5 was inserted precisely to erase any doubts in the
Supplemental Agreements as to IRCP’s limited role. It was _not_ a reflection
of the parties’ objective intention that the Dispute Resolution Mechanism
would only bind Lufthansa and Datamat, but not IRCP.

67 A reading of cl 5 in its proper context does not justify a conclusion that
the parties did not intend for IRCP to be bound by the Dispute Resolution
Mechanism. For completeness, I did not find cl 6 to be of any help to
Lufthansa’s position either. Clause 6 simply provides “[a]ll other provisions
of the [Cooperation] Agreement shall remain effective and enforceable.” It
does not state against whom the provisions in the Cooperation Agreement shall
remain effective and enforceable. On its own, cl 6 does not shed any light on
the parties’ objective intentions with respect to the Dispute Resolution
Mechanism.

68 The remaining question therefore is this: when the parties used the phrase
that Supplemental Agreement No. 1 “is hereby annexed to and made a part of the
[Cooperation] Agreement”, what does this phrase mean and what was it intended
to achieve?

(iii) Contextual interpretation

69 In my view, the proper contextual interpretation, which gives adequate
regard to the plain language of the Supplemental Agreements _and_ its
background context, yields the conclusion that the parties had intended the
same Dispute Resolution Mechanism in the Cooperation Agreement to bind all
three parties to the Supplemental Agreements.

70 First, the Supplemental Agreements were entered into as a consequence of
Datamat’s non-performance of its payment obligations to Lufthansa for work and
services done under the Cooperation Agreement. Supplemental Agreement No. 1
and Supplemental Agreement No. 2 were literally intended to supplement Datamat
and IRCP’s respective shortcomings in the performance of their payment
obligations to Lufthansa. All three parties were fully aware of this context.

71 Second, there is no denying the interdependence between the obligations in
the Supplemental Agreements and the obligations in the Cooperation Agreement.
The former obligations were premised on and were an extension of the latter.
Thus, the language chosen by the parties to describe the purpose and effect of
the Supplemental Agreements, namely, that the Supplemental Agreements were
“annexed to and made a part of” the Cooperation Agreement, makes complete
sense. The three parties had agreed to make the Supplemental Agreements an
integral part of the Cooperation Agreement, with the appropriate terms as
modified or varied by the Supplemental Agreements. Thus the three agreements
were intended by the parties to function essentially as one agreement and
should be read as a whole.

72 Third, IRCP does not dispute that it was aware of the terms of the
Cooperation Agreement when it entered into the Supplemental Agreements.
Indeed, given the background events leading up to the Supplemental Agreements,
in particular the disputes over the payments due from Datamat to Lufthansa
under the Cooperation Agreement, IRCP must have been aware, when entering into
the Supplemental Agreements, of both the terms of the Cooperation Agreement
and the reasons for the amendments made to the payment obligations and mode of
payment in the Supplemental Agreements. Furthermore, on top of the preamble
which makes explicit reference to the Cooperation Agreement, IRCP was obliged
under cl 3 of Supplemental Agreement No. 1 to pay Lufthansa in accordance with
the Cooperation Agreement. Under these circumstances, IRCP must have been
fully aware of the terms of the Cooperation Agreement, including the Dispute
Resolution Mechanism adopted therein. Tellingly, there is no suggestion by
IRCP to the contrary.

73 Fourth, if a similar dispute over payment had been between Lufthansa and
Datamat only, there would be no allegation that the dispute would not be
subject to the Dispute Resolution Mechanism. This is so whether the dispute is
characterised as one arising under the Cooperation Agreement, or one which
arises under the Supplemental Agreements. Thus, such a dispute between
Lufthansa and Datamat may ultimately be referred to arbitration in accordance
with cl 37.3. Against this backdrop, it must have been within Lufthansa,
Datamat and IRCP’s contemplation that a dispute over payment between either
Lufthansa or IRCP, Datamat or IRCP, or all three parties, would be resolved by
the dispute resolution method already agreed to by Lufthansa and Datamat. It
makes little commercial sense for Lufthansa, Datamat and IRCP to have a
payment dispute between Lufthansa and Datamat made subject to the Dispute
Resolution Mechanism, but for that same dispute involving Lufthansa and IRCP,
Datamat and IRCP, or all three of them, to be made subject to court
proceedings. Having different dispute resolution mechanisms—the applicability
of which depends on the identity of the parties—to resolve the same issue in
dispute is not only commercially impracticable, but may also yield
unreasonable results. Such an arrangement is necessarily more expensive since
the parties may be forced to resolve the same dispute in different fora. It
may also give rise to inconsistent results, potentially leaving parties
uncertain as to their rights and obligations _vis-à-vis_ the other two parties
in the tripartite relationship.

74 It bears repeating that courts must have regard to the commercial purpose
of the contract in the construction of contractual terms: _Yamashita Tetsuo v
See Hup_ _Seng Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 265 at [64]. There can be no serious
objections to the court’s preference for a more commercially sensible
interpretation. As Lord Steyn justified in _Mannai Investment Co Ltd v Eagle
Star Life Assurance Co Ltd_ [1997] AC 749 at 771:

In determining the meaning of the language of a commercial contract, and
unilateral contractual notices, the law therefore generally favours a
commercially sensible construction. The reason for this approach is that a
commercial construction is more likely to give effect to the intention of the
parties. Words are therefore interpreted in the way in which a reasonable
commercial person would construe them. And the standard of the reasonable
commercial person is hostile to technical interpretations and undue emphasis
on niceties of language.

75 A High Court decision, _Econ Piling Pte Ltd v NCC International AB_ [2007]
SGHC 17 (“ _Econ Piling_ ”), fortifies my conclusion that a contextual
interpretation of the Supplemental Agreements entails a finding that the
parties must have intended for a common dispute resolution mechanism to govern
all their disputes arising out of the Cooperation Agreement read with the
Supplemental Agreements, which had been made an integral part of the former.
In _Econ Piling_ , the two parties had entered into a joint venture agreement
which contained, _inter alia_ , an arbitration agreement. Less than a year
later, Econ Piling Pte Ltd (“Econ”) faced financial difficulties and the two
parties then entered into a variation agreement which contained an exclusive
jurisdiction agreement in favour of the Singapore courts. A dispute
subsequently arose and the issue before the court was which of the two dispute
resolution clauses was operative.

76 After deciding that the _purpose_ of the variation agreement was to
“reconstitute, in very significant ways, the commercial relationship between
the parties” following Econ’s financial woes, Menon JC (as he then was) held
(at [16]–[17]):

[16] … [I]t is counterintuitive for two contracts that are meant to be read
together to have different dispute resolution regimes. Therefore, **_unless
there is a clear and express indication to the contrary_** , it may usually be
assumed that parties to two closely related agreements involving the same
parties and concerning the same subject matter would not have intended to
refer only disputes arising under one contract to court, but not those arising
under the second contract. In this respect, I refer to the decision of Tay
Yong Kwang J in _Mancon (BVI) Investment Holding v Heng Holdings SEA_ [2000] 3
SLR 220 where he noted as follows at [30]:

**_If two contractual documents had to be read together, it would be totally
illogical to have the arbitration clause apply to one but not the other unless
that was explicitly agreed upon_** ...

[17] In my judgment, this is correct. A different approach would result in the
**_wholly uncommercial position that some disputes under what is in substance
a composite agreement between the parties, are to be referred to arbitration
while others are to be resolved in court_**. This difficulty becomes
especially acute, even impossible, in situations such as the present where a
subsequent agreement varies an earlier agreement, and where it is therefore
conceivable, even likely, that **_many disputes might straddle both
contracts_**.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

77 Consequently, Menon JC held that the exclusive jurisdiction agreement in
the variation agreement applied to all disputes arising under both the joint
venture agreement and the variation agreement. I am cognisant that the parties
in the two agreements in _Econ Piling_ were identical, and that unlike the
present case, there was a dispute resolution mechanism in the latter agreement
in _Econ Piling_. Notwithstanding, it is noteworthy that the approach of Menon
JC was to ascertain the parties’ intention in light of the context in which
the variation agreement was entered into. He, too, recognised that in the
absence of clear language, the consequence of having different dispute
resolution mechanisms governing the same disputed issue would not make
commercial sense at all. That is precisely the situation which will result if
the Dispute Resolution Mechanism does not similarly bind IRCP. Such an outcome
is certainly not one which the parties could reasonably have intended when
entering into the Supplemental Agreements.

78 For the reasons given above, the notion that the applicable dispute
resolution mechanism depends on which parties are disputing the issue simply
does not accord with commercial sense. Indeed, such a notion is not just
commercially insensible, but in the words of the Court of Appeal in _Astrata_
, not rational. On the whole, I find that by using language which stressed
that the Supplemental Agreements were annexed to and made a part of the
Cooperation Agreement, the parties’ objective intention, at least in respect
of the Dispute Resolution Mechanism, was for the latter to be binding on all
three parties to the Supplemental Agreements. That is the only commercially
sensible and rational conclusion and there is no language in the Supplemental
Agreements nor in the Dispute Resolution Mechanism which opposes this.

79 In fact, I can see no undue stretching of the natural meaning of the
operative words in the arbitration agreement found in cl 37.3 that “[a]ll
disputes arising out of this Cooperation Agreement, ... shall be finally
settled by arbitration ...”. Those words can be read consistently to apply to
disputes arising under any subsequent agreements made “supplemental” to the
Cooperation Agreement itself. In other words, the ambit of the arbitration
clause as worded may reasonably be construed to apply to disputes arising out
of any subsequent Supplemental Agreements that are mandated by the parties to
be treated as part and parcel of the Cooperation Agreement by virtue of the
words “ _annexed to and made a part of_ ” the Cooperation Agreement. This is
unlike those cases where the arbitration clause in a charter party is
expressly stated to govern the settlement of disputes arising only out of the
charter party, but a bill of lading through general words of incorporation
purports to incorporate that arbitration clause to govern disputes arising not
out of the charter party, but out of the bill of lading itself.
Understandably, it will be difficult in these cases, where no distinct and
specific words of incorporation of the arbitration clause exist, to construe a
bill of lading as an agreement that is supplemental to the charter party, such
that both can be regarded substantively as one charter party contract to
enable that arbitration clause to apply without any change to its wording. By
contrast, in the present case, the arbitration clause in the Cooperation
Agreement is not being made to apply beyond its expressed scope of application
when applied to disputes arising out of the provisions in the Supplemental
Agreements. The arbitration clause as worded can still be read sensibly
without any need for modification.

80 There will no doubt be some query whether my conclusion entails reading
into the words of the Supplemental Agreements an intention which is not
apparent on its face. While I am aware that the contextual approach to
interpretation is not a _carte blanche_ for “creative interpretation” (_Master
Marine AS v Labroy_ _Offhsore Ltd and others_ [2012] 3 SLR 125 at [42]),
interpretation of express words in a manner that would either frustrate the
commercial purpose behind the agreement or make no commercial sense for the
contracting parties should be avoided, unless there is some special reason for
doing so. As Lord Collins in _Re Sigma Finance (SC)_ observed (at [35]):

In complex documents of the kind in issue there are bound to be ambiguities,
infelicities and inconsistencies. _An over-literal interpretation of one
provision without regard to the whole may distort or frustrate the commercial
purpose_.

[emphasis added]

81 An overly literal interpretation which distorts or frustrates the
commercial purpose of the contract is most unlikely to be the agreed
contractual position intended or meant by the parties as understood by a
reasonable person circumstanced in the same position as the actual parties. To
borrow the words of Lord Hoffmann again, this time in _Chartbrook Ltd and
another v Persimmon Homes Ltd and another_ [2009] 3 WLR 267 (at [25]–[26]):

25 What is clear from these cases is that there is _not_ , _so to speak_ , _a
limit to the amount of red ink or verbal rearrangement or correction which the
court is allowed_. _All that is required is that it should be clear what a
reasonable person would have understood the parties to have meant._

26 … Giving this meaning to the provision about C & I does not in any way
weaken or affect the argument for interpreting the rest of the definition in a
way which gives ARP a rational meaning. To say, as Rimer LJ said [2008] 2 All
ER (Comm) 387, para 185, that it requires “rewriting” or that it “distorts the
meaning and arithmetic of the definition” is only to say that it requires one
to conclude that something has gone wrong with the language—not, in this case,
with the meaning of words, but with the syntactical arrangement of those
words. _If however the context drives one to the conclusion that this must
have happened, it is no answer that the interpretation does not reflect what
the words would conventionally have understood to mean._

[emphasis added]

Practical ramifications

82 I am acutely aware of the potential practical ramifications of the approach
that I have taken. The strict rule mentioned earlier (at [26]–[32]) that
express words are required to incorporate an arbitration agreement into
another may be undermined by my approach. There may also be concerns of
certainty. However, one cannot look at the strict rule for incorporation of
arbitration agreements without considering the underlying rationale for the
rule. Whether an arbitration agreement is incorporated is effectively a
function of the parties’ intentions objectively ascertained. If specific words
are used, it simply means that the parties’ intentions are unambiguously
expressed: see _Concordia Agritrading Pte Ltd v_ _Cornelder_ _Hoogewerff
(Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 618 at [16]. The absence of specific
words, however, should not be conclusive evidence that the parties did not
intend to be bound by the arbitration agreement contained in a different
contract, even though it usually is a strong indicator that the parties did
not intend to be bound by arbitration. As David Joseph QC explained in his
treatise, _Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements and their Enforcement_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2010) at para 5.15:

Where, however, a party seeks to incorporate the terms of one contract between
different parties into another ... general words of incorporation _will not
ordinarily_ be sufficient to incorporate the dispute resolution provision. The
English courts justify the distinction primarily for reasons of commercial
certainty. It is also possible to arrive at the same conclusion applying
principles of separability. _Whilst in each case it is a question of
construction of the parties’ intentions, as a general rule_ in order to
incorporate the dispute resolution mechanism, specific reference to the
jurisdiction or arbitration agreement is required. ... _In most cases,
however, the result will be the same_ because without express reference, it
will not be possible to demonstrate that the parties intended to incorporate
the separate and ancillary jurisdiction clause contained in the incorporated
contract.

[emphasis added]

83 Fundamentally, determining whether an arbitration agreement contained in
one contract binds the parties to another contract is an objective inquiry
into the parties’ intentions. This was recognised by Langley J in _The Athena
(No_ _2)_ at [66]–[68], albeit understandably tentatively given that the House
of Lords had endorsed the strict rule in _Thomas (T W & Co) Ltd v Portsea
Steamship Co Ltd_ [1912] AC 1. The holding of Clarke J in _Africa Express Line
Ltd v Socofi SA and another_ [2010] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 181 at [30]–[31] is directly
on point:

30\. Where the terms of a wholly separate contract are incorporated, different
considerations apply. A bill of lading which incorporates all the conditions
of a specified charterparty will not usually incorporate a charterparty
arbitration clause, in the absence of express wording to that effect. By
analogy with the incorporation of arbitration clauses into bills of lading
from charterparties, the law adopts “a fairly strict approach” — _Dornoch Ltd
v Mauritius Union Assurance Co Ltd_ [2006] Lloyd’s Rep IR 127, page 141 at
para 48 (Aikens J), affirmed [2006] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 475 — to the incorporation
of jurisdiction clauses from an insurance (or reinsurance) contract into
another reinsurance contract. Only those terms directly germane to the
parties’ agreement are carried over. The _presumption_ is that these usually
exclude a jurisdiction clause. In that case a provision in the excess
reinsurance slip that it was “to follow all terms and conditions of the
primary policy together with riders and amendments thereto covering the
identical subject matter and risk” was held to be inapt to incorporate a
Mauritius jurisdiction clause in the primary reinsurance.

31\. _It is, however, necessary, always to remember that the ultimate issue is
what objectively did the parties intend:_ see _Dornoch_ at first instance,
para 48. In the Court of Appeal in that case Tuckley LJ said this [2006] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 475, page 481:

27\. There are many cases in which the courts have to decide whether terms
from one contract have been incorporated in another. A number of these cases
concern the incorporation of terms from a direct insurance into a reinsurance.
But no hard and fast rules emerge from these cases as one would expect. _The
question in each case is one of construction: did the parties to the contract
in which the general words of incorporation appear intend that their contract
should include the particular term from the other contract referred to?_ It
may be, as Mr Kealey submits, that the courts will answer this question in
favour of incorporation more readily in some categories of cases in than in
others, but that is not more than saying that contractual context and the
words used are all important. As choice of law and jurisdiction clauses are
important, clear words of incorporation are required. In the insurance context
where the _contracts concerned_ _are back-to-back and cover the same subject
matter and interest incorporation is more likely to have been intended than
where the contracts are not so closely connected_.

[emphasis added]

84 I do not see the strict rule as circumscribing the court’s power to give
effect to the parties’ true intentions objectively ascertained. Indeed, the
court is permitted, even obliged, to distil the parties’ objective intentions,
having regard to the relevant contextual circumstances. In each case, the
court must construe the language of the contract using the modern contextual
approach to interpretation and ask itself whether a consensus on the
applicability of the arbitration agreement is clearly and precisely
demonstrated: see _AIG Europe SA v QBE International Insurance Ltd_ [2001] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 268 at [26]. Nevertheless, for the avoidance of doubt, the strict
rule still retains its utility. It will and should apply in the majority of
circumstances. In most cases, whether the parties can be said to have intended
that an arbitration agreement in a separate agreement applies to a dispute
arising from a supplemental agreement depends on whether express reference was
made to that arbitration agreement. It is generally difficult to demonstrate
that the parties intended to incorporate the arbitration agreement contained
in the separate agreement in the absence of clear words.

85 Turning finally to the concern of uncertainty, there is undoubtedly a
strong policy justification to uphold the strict rule, particularly from the
perspective of third parties. This was explained by Bingham LJ in _The Federal
Bulker_ [1989] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 103 at 105:

Generally speaking, the English law of contract has taken a benevolent view of
the use of general words to incorporate by reference standard terms to be
found elsewhere. But in the present field a different, and stricter, rule has
developed, especially where the incorporation of arbitration clauses is
concerned. _The reason no doubt is that a bill of lading is a negotiable
commercial instrument and may come into the hands of a foreign party with no
knowledge and no ready means of knowledge of the terms of the charter-party_.
The cases show that a strict test of incorporation having, for better or
worse, been laid down, the Courts have in general defended this rule with some
tenacity in the interests of commercial certainty. If commercial parties do
not like the English rule, they can meet the difficulty by spelling out the
arbitration provision in the bill of lading and not relying on general words
to achieve incorporation.

[emphasis added]

86 Nevertheless, the underlying rationale for the strict rule ostensibly loses
much of its force if the third party contracted with knowledge of the
arbitration agreement, as in the present case. As the cornerstone of
contractual interpretation, the search for parties’ objective intentions
should not be surrendered simply because of _potential_ uncertainty. The
concern over uncertainty, whilst legitimate, should not be overstated. In this
regard, Rajah JA’s perceptive observation in “Redrawing Boundaries of
Contractual Interpretation” (at [39]) is apt:

From my experience, the fear of floodgates and uncertainty has been greatly
overstated. The court in most cases will be able to decide that the written
contract and the broad background militate so strongly in favour of one
interpretation that a rival interpretation said to be founded on the broader
context can be rejected summarily. And, in the exceptional cases where there
is a deluge of allegedly relevant documents, why should the court be thereby
deterred from its search for the true agreement between the parties? _The
administration of justice should not meekly bow down to the considerations of
convenience_. ... I should add that the courts in Singapore are both ready and
willing to respond robustly to parties’ attempts to inundate them with
irrelevant evidence.

[emphasis added]

Operation of the Dispute Resolution Mechanism

87 There is one last point which neither party has raised, but is relevant.
The Dispute Resolution Mechanism in the Cooperation Agreement is worded in
such a way that it would not be possible to apply to IRCP if interpreted
literally. For instance, the mediation procedure in cl 37.2 expressly refers
to committees comprising personnel from Lufthansa and Datamat only. It does
not contemplate personnel from IRCP forming part of the committees. Similarly,
the arbitration agreement in cl 37.3 provides that “each of the Parties has
the right to appoint one (1) arbitrator”, and the two party-appointed
arbitrators will in turn appoint the third arbitrator. Clause 1.13 defines
“Parties” as the parties to the Cooperation Agreement, while cl 2.1 states
that the Cooperation Agreement was entered into between Lufthansa and Datamat.
Thus, on a strict interpretation of cl 37.2 read with cll 1.13 and 2.1,
Lufthansa and Datamat are the only Parties to the Cooperation Agreement and
only the two of them have a right to appoint an arbitrator. IRCP does not have
any corresponding right. The Tribunal dealt with this by referring to Rule 8
of the SIAC Rules which provides that where there are more than two parties in
the arbitration, the parties may agree on the procedure for appointment of
arbitrators. The Tribunal noted that the appointment procedure in the present
case had been confirmed by the Chairman whose decision is not subject to
appeal. Moreover, IRCP had not objected to the appointment procedure.

88 At this juncture, I pause to clarify that IRCP has not contended that cll
37.2 and 37.3 are unworkable either in a tripartite or bilateral context.
There is therefore strictly no need for me to decide on this point.
Nevertheless, for completeness, I am inclined to the view that cll 37.2 and
37.3, when construed in light of the parties’ objective intention that IRCP is
bound by the Dispute Resolution Mechanism, can operate in both a bilateral and
trilateral context. In a trilateral dispute, the Tribunal’s reference to the
SIAC Rules in its construction of cl 37.3 is reasonable, and gives effect to
the parties’ intention that all disputes involving any or all of the three
parties to the Supplemental Agreement shall be resolved in accordance with the
Dispute Resolution Mechanism. If the dispute were bilateral, the two parties
would appoint their own arbitrator who would then jointly appoint the third
arbitrator.

89 The literal wording of the mediation procedure in cl 37.2 may also be
overcome by construction. The substance of cl 37.2 is to bring together
personnel from various tiers of management from each party to mediate an
amicable resolution of the dispute. This underlying rationale can be easily
applied to IRCP. A two-party dispute involving IRCP and Lufthansa, for
instance, shall first be referred to a committee comprising the relevant
personnel from IRCP and Lufthansa. A dispute involving all three parties shall
be referred to a committee comprising the relevant personnel from all three
parties. This construction of cl 37.2, taking into account the contractual re-
arrangements arising from the Supplemental Agreements that followed, coheres
with the intention of the parties to resolve all their disputes in accordance
with the Dispute Resolution Mechanism.

Whether the preconditions for the commencement of arbitration in Clause 37.2
have been satisfied

Enforceability of Clause 37.2

90 Clause 37.3 provides that the parties shall commence arbitration if the
disputes “cannot be settled by mediation pursuant to Clause 37.2”. Although cl
37.3 refers to the procedure in cl 37.2 as a mediation, the parties appear to
have used the term mediation and negotiation interchangeably to describe the
procedure cl 37.2. As nothing turns on whether the procedure in cl 37.2 is in
fact a procedure setting out negotiation and not mediation or _vice versa_ , I
shall for convenience retain the nomenclature in cl 37.3 and simply refer to
the procedure in cl 37.2 as “the mediation procedure”.

91 Mr Pillai argued that cl 37.2 is clear and unambiguous. The Tribunal was
therefore wrong to hold that cl 37.2 was too uncertain to be enforceable. Mr
Singh’s response was that the principles of law governing agreements to
negotiate or mediate are clear: a bare agreement to negotiate or mediate is
unenforceable. In support of his argument, Mr Singh cited the House of Lords
decision in _Walford v Miles_ [1992] 2 AC 128 (“ _Walford_ ”). In _Walford_ ,
the buyers and sellers of a company entered into an oral agreement under which
the sellers agreed to deal with the buyers exclusively and to terminate any
negotiations between them and any other competing buyer. The sellers
subsequently decided not to proceed with their negotiations with the buyers
and eventually sold the company to another party. The buyers sued for breach
of the oral agreement. The sellers’ defence was that the parties were still in
negotiations and the oral agreement was an agreement to negotiate in good
faith. The House of Lords held that the oral agreement was unenforceable. It
observed (at 138) that an agreement to negotiate in good faith was unworkable
in practice because while negotiations were in existence, either party was
entitled to withdraw from those negotiations at any time and for any reason.
Such an agreement was uncertain and had no legal content.

92 _Walford_ must now be read in light of _HSBC Institutional Trust Services
(Singapore) Ltd v Toshin Development Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2012] SGCA 48 (“
_Toshin_ ”), a very recent decision of the Singapore Court of Appeal. One of
the issues in _Toshin_ was whether an express term in a contract which obliges
the parties to endeavour, in good faith, to agree on a new rent was valid and
enforceable. The court answered this issue in the affirmative. It
distinguished _Walford_ on the basis that the oral agreement in the latter was
a standalone agreement; there was no other overarching contractual framework
which governed the parties’ relationship. The agreement to negotiate in
_Toshin_ was part of a Rent Review Mechanism which was in turn part of the
Lease Agreement which the parties had entered into. The Court of Appeal’s
holding and observations are directly on point and merits quotation _in
extenso_ (at [39]–[40]):

[39] In particular, when, as part of a wider existing contractual framework,
there is a clause obliging the parties to negotiate certain contractual
modalities in good faith, such negotiations need not necessarily be
adversarial and hostile, but call instead for a consensual approach to resolve
the identified matters as part of the performance of the broader existing
agreement. This is also part of the wider contractual duty to co-operate to
implement the contract. ...

[40] In our view, there is no good reason why an express agreement between
contracting parties that they must negotiate in good faith should not be
upheld. First, such an agreement is valid because it is not contrary to public
policy. Parties are free to contract unless prohibited by law. _Indeed, we
think that such “negotiate in good faith” clauses are in the public interest
as they promote the consensual disposition of any potential disputes_. We
note, for instance, that it is fairly common practice for Asian businesses to
include similar clauses in their commercial contracts. As Assoc Prof Philip J
McConnaughay has insightfully observed in “Rethinking the Role of Law and
Contracts in East-West Commercial Relationships” (2000-2001) 41 Va J Int’l L
427 at pp 448–449:

A core term of many Asian commercial contracts – the “friendly negotiations”
or “confer in good faith” clause –captures the essence of contractual
obligation in the Asian tradition. Such clauses typically recite that, if
differences or disputes arise during the course of the contractual
relationship, the parties will discuss and resolve the matter amicably. The
Western view of such clauses is that they impose no real obligation at all; at
most, they represent a mechanism for making unenforceable requests for
novation, or perhaps an initial formality in a multiple-step dispute
resolution process culminating eventually in compulsory adjudication intended
to enforce precise contractual terms. But these views presuppose a Western
understanding of the contract itself, which is not shared in Asia. _From a
traditional Asian perspective, a “confer in good faith” or “friendly
negotiation” clause represents an executory contractual promise no less
substantive in content than a price, payment, or delivery term. It embodies
and expresses the traditional Asian supposition that the written contract is
tentative rather than final, unfolding rather than static, a source of
guidance rather than determinative, and subordinate to other values – such as
preserving the relationship, avoiding disputes, and reciprocating
accommodations – that may control far more than the written contract itself
how a commercial relationship adjusts to future contingencies_.
**_Characterizing a “confer in good faith” or “friendly negotiation” clause as
a “dispute resolution” clause tempts a misapprehension of this essential
nature, for no “dispute” exists if all of the parties to the contract share an
Asian understanding of its evolving and responsive (through good faith
conferences and friendly negotiations) nature_**. [_emphasis_ _in italics and
bold italics original_]

We think that the “friendly negotiations” and “confer in good faith” clauses
highlighted in the above quotation are consistent with our cultural value of
promoting consensus whenever possible. _Clearly, it is in the wider public
interest in Singapore as well to promote such an approach towards resolving
differences_.

[emphasis in original]

93 The Court of Appeal also opined (at [43]) that in principle, “there is no
difference between an agreement to negotiate in good faith and an agreement to
submit a dispute to mediation”, and that “[e]ven though agreement cannot be
guaranteed, it does not mean that the parties concerned should not try as far
as reasonably possible to reach an agreement”. Highlighting the approach which
should be taken towards negotiation and mediation dispute resolution clauses,
the Court of Appeal stated (at [45]):

_The choice made by contracting parties, especially when they are commercial
entities, on how they want to resolve potential differences between them
should be respected_. Our courts should not be overly concerned about the
inability of the law to compel parties to negotiate in good faith in order to
reach a mutually-acceptable outcome. As mentioned earlier (at [40]) above,
“negotiate in good faith” agreements do serve a useful commercial purpose in
seeking to promote consensus and conciliation in lieu of adversarial dispute
resolution. These are values that our legal system should promote.

[emphasis in original]

Given the Court of Appeal’s attitude towards mediation clauses, any doubts
about an obligation to negotiate in good faith under a multi-tiered dispute
resolution clause should be laid to rest. If an obligation to negotiate in
good faith which is part of a broader contractual framework such as a rent
review mechanism under a lease agreement is enfo rceable, the obligation to
refer a dispute to various specifically constituted panels pursuant to cl 37.2
should also be enforceable. They are, after all, essential steps stipulated in
the Dispute Resolution Mechanism and expressly made condition precedents to
resolution of a dispute by arbitration.

94 In any event, I disagree that the mediation procedure in cl 37.2 is
uncertain. Mr Singh submitted that _Insigma Technology Co Ltd v Alstom
Technology Ltd_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 23 (“ _Insigma (HC)_ ”) is instructive. The
relevant dispute resolution clause in _Insigma (HC)_ states:

Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any
question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be referred
to executive representatives of the Parties for settlement through friendly
consultations between the Parties. In case no agreement can be reached through
consultation within 40 days from either Party's notice to the other for
commencement of such consultations, the dispute may be submitted to
arbitration for settlement by either Party. Any and all such disputes shall be
finally resolved by arbitration before the Singapore International Arbitration
Centre in accordance with the Rules of Arbitration of the International
Chamber of Commerce then in effect and the proceedings shall take place in
Singapore and the official language shall be English. ...

95 Prakash J opined (_Insigma_ at [50]), albeit _obiter_ , that the clause was
unenforceable because it was vague and subjective, “especially in relation to
the meaning of the words ‘friendly’ and ‘consultations’”. Arguably, the phrase
“friendly consultations” does lend itself to some uncertainty as to the nature
of the exercise and the extent of the parties’ obligations. Prakash J was thus
understandably concerned that such an exercise was not of a mandatory
character. The significance of the mandatory character of a dispute resolution
procedure was highlighted by Colman J in _Cable & Wireless Plc __v IBM United
Kingdom Ltd_ [2002] CLC 1319 (“ _Cable & Wireless_”), which Prakash J had
taken note of (also at [50]). Colman J cautioned (at 1327):

Before leaving this point of construction, I would wish to add that
contractual references to ADR [Alternative Dispute Resolution] which did not
include provision for an identifiable procedure would not necessarily fail to
be enforceable by reason of uncertainty. _An important consideration would be
whether the obligation to mediate was expressed in unqualified and mandatory
terms_ or whether, as is the case with the standard form of ADR orders in this
court, the duty to mediate was expressed in qualified terms: ‘shall take such
serious steps as they may be advised’. The wording of each reference will have
to be examined with these considerations in mind. In principle, however,
_where there is an unqualified reference to ADR, a sufficiently certain and
definable minimum duty of participation should not be hard to find_.

[emphasis added]

96 Colman J held that the relevant clause was enforceable because it did not
merely require an attempt in good faith to achieve resolution of a dispute.
The parties were _obliged_ to participate in a procedure as recommended to the
parties by the Centre for Dispute Resolution. Reference to the Centre for
Dispute Resolution and participation in its recommended procedure were, in
Colman J’s view, sufficient indicia of certainty as the court may look at
these indicia to determine if the clause was complied with.

97 Likewise, the mechanism in cl 37.2 stipulates that “[a]ny dispute between
the Parties ... _shall be referred_ ” [emphasis added] to the various
committees described in cll 37.2.1, 37.2.2 and 37.2.3. Essentially, if the
dispute is not resolved by the first committee constituted under cl 37.2.1, it
_shall_ be referred to the second committee prescribed in cl 37.2.2. If that
fails to result in a resolution, the dispute _shall_ then be referred to the
third committee formed pursuant to cl 37.2.3. A court looking at the conduct
of the parties can easily discern if the entire mediation procedure in cl 37.2
was complied with or not. Not only is there an unqualified reference to
mediation through the respective committees, the process is clear and defined.
There is nothing uncertain about the mediation procedure in cl 37.2.

Consequences of failure to comply with Clause 37.2

98 Mr Pillai argued that cl 37.2 is not only enforceable, it is a condition
precedent to cl 37.3, a breach of which precludes the Tribunal from asserting
jurisdiction. Mr Singh did not engage on the characterisation of cl 37.2 as a
condition precedent. He instead contended that the appropriate recourse to a
breach of cl 37.2 is to adjourn the arbitration proceedings pending compliance
with cl 37.2.

99 There are in fact two distinct and separate questions. First, is cl 37.2 a
condition precedent to the commencement of arbitration? Second, if cl 37.2. is
a condition precedent and it has been breached, what is the appropriate relief
for such a breach?

100 Both parties seem to have proceeded on the footing that cl 37.2 operates
as a condition precedent to the commencement of arbitration. Neither party
advanced any argument that the arbitration agreement in cl 37.3 is an
_independent_ obligation that is _not_ parasitic on compliance with cl 37.2. I
shall therefore proceed on the same footing. Suffice to say, as cl 37.2 was
drafted in a mandatory fashion and cl 37.3 provides that all disputes “which
_cannot be settled by mediation_ pursuant to cl 37.2 [emphasis added]” shall
be settled by arbitration, I would have independently concluded that cl 37.2
was a condition precedent to the commencement of arbitration.

101 I now consider the effect of a breach of cl 37.2 _qua_ a condition
precedent. Where an agreement is subject to a condition precedent, there is,
before the occurrence of the condition, no duty on either party to render the
principal performance under the agreement: _Chitty_ at para 2-150. A dispute
resolution clause, which may be multi-tiered in nature, should be construed
like any other commercial agreement: _Insigma Technology Co Ltd v Alstom
Technology Ltd_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 936 (“ _Insigma (CA)”_) at [30]. Therefore,
until the condition precedent to the commencement of arbitration is fulfilled,
neither party to the arbitration agreement is obliged to participate in the
arbitration. In the same vein, an arbitral tribunal would not have
jurisdiction before the condition precedent is fulfilled: see _Smith v Martin_
[1925] 1 KB 745.

102 Mr Singh contended that should the court find that cl 37.2 was not
complied with, the appropriate course of action is an order directing the
adjournment of the arbitration proceedings until the parties have attempted
the mediation procedure in cl 37.2. In support of his argument, Mr Singh
referred to _Cable & Wireless_ where Coleman J, after holding that the ADR
conditions were enforceable, held (at 1328) that the appropriate course to
adopt was for the hearing of the court proceedings “to be adjourned until
after the parties have referred all their outstanding disputes to ADR”.

103 However, the facts of _Cable & Wireless_ were different from the present
case. The issue in _Cable & Wireless_ was whether the _court_ should exercise
_its_ jurisdiction to hear the action. Naturally, the court has the power to
stay _its own proceedings_ in favour of the ADR procedure. In contrast, the
present case concerns the jurisdiction of the Tribunal, not the court. In the
first place, Mr Singh has not cited any authority which suggests that the
court has the power to grant a stay or order an adjournment of the
arbitration, and that such power should be exercised in the present
circumstances. Second, if the parties consented to arbitration _only_ on the
condition that the parties must first attempt mediation, the Tribunal does not
have jurisdiction until mediation has been attempted. A similar dispute
resolution clause which provided that mediation was a condition precedent to
th _e_ commencement of arbitration was present on the facts of _HIM Portland
LLC v Devito Builders Inc_. 317 F 3d 41 (1st Cir, 2003). The United States
Court of Appeals declined to compel the defendant to arbitrate their dispute
on the ground that mediation had not yet taken place. It emphasised that the
provisions of the contract had stated in the plainest possible language that
mediation was a condition precedent to arbitration, and concluded (at 44) that
“there is no doubt that the parties intended that the duty to arbitrate would
not ripen until after the condition precedent of mediation had been
satisfied”. I agree with this analysis.

104 That the failure to perform a condition precedent on which an arbitration
agreement is hinged is a defect going to the jurisdiction of an arbitral
tribunal is also echoed by commentators: see Lye Kah Cheong, “Agreements to
Mediate: The Impact of _Cable & Wireless plc v IBM United Kingdom Ltd_” (2004)
16 SAcLJ 530 at [34]–[40]. Gary Born, for instance, noted in his treatise
_International Commercial Arbitration_ vol 1 (Kluwer, 2009) at pp 842–843 that
courts have been known to require compliance with preconditions to
arbitration:

... Where dispute resolution provisions do not state that negotiation or
mediation is a condition precedent to arbitration, courts are particularly
likely to refuse to strictly enforce notice requirements.

**_On the other hand, if dispute resolution clauses expressly provide that
negotiations or other procedural steps are a condition precedent to
arbitration, courts sometimes require compliance with those provisions_**.
There is arbitral authority to the same effect. _Thus_ ,_where a contract
contained a “mandatory negotiation” clause and the plaintiff commenced an
arbitration before any negotiations could take place, the court annulled the
subsequent award on the grounds the “the parties were required to participate
in the mandatory negotiation sessions prior to the arbitration.” [White v
Kampner 641 A 2d 1381 at 1387 (Conn, 1994)] In another case [De Valk Lincoln
Mercury, Inc v Ford Motor Co 811 F 2d 326 at 336], the court held that “the
mediation clause here states that it is a condition precedent to any
litigation ... and the mediation clause demands strict compliance with its
requirement[s].”_

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

105 Assuming _arguendo_ , even if Mr Singh is correct that further
negotiations between Lufthansa and IRCP would not resolve the dispute, the
court has no basis to order IRCP to comply with the arbitration proceedings if
the Tribunal’s jurisdiction has yet to crystallise as a result of the non-
performance of the conditions precedent in cl 37.2. Ordering a stay also does
not assist Mr Singh’s position. A stay may result in the abeyance of the
arbitration proceedings, but it is nevertheless tantamount to a recognition of
the Tribunal’s jurisdiction when it has none prior to fulfilment of the
conditions precedent.

106 Therefore, since cl 37.2 is a condition precedent (see [100] above), if I
find that cl 37.2 has not been complied with, the Tribunal does not have
jurisdiction to resolve the dispute.

Whether Clause 37.2 was complied with

107 It follows that the critical question is whether cl 37.2 has been complied
with. Once again, because both parties proceeded on the assumption that cl
37.2 could be read to encompass IRCP’s involvement, I will proceed on the same
basis. In any event, I would have construed the entire Dispute Resolution
Mechanism in cl 37, including cl 37.2, to be applicable to a dispute arising
out of the terms in the Cooperation Agreement that were amended by the
Supplemental Agreements signed by all three parties. Hence, disputes involving
IRCP shall be referred to a committee formed with the additional participation
of the relevant personnel from IRCP, even though cl 37.2 does not explicitly
mention IRCP (see [89] above).

108 Mr Singh submitted that Lufthansa had complied “in substance” with the
mediation procedure in cl 37.2. He referred to the fact that Lufthansa,
Datamat and IRCP had, since March 2006 and July 2009, conducted at least 24
meetings in a bid to resolve the dispute arising under the Cooperation
Agreement. These meetings had involved various personnel, including senior
management. Mr Pillai did not dispute that such meetings had taken place, but
explained that these meetings were not convened for the purpose of resolving
this dispute. The meetings were for other purposes. As such, the mediation
procedure in cl 37.2 had not yet been complied with.

109 I do not understand Mr Pillai to be arguing that a meeting between
personnel from Lufthansa, Datamat and IRCP must be labelled specifically by
the parties as a meeting for the purpose of cl 37.2 for the meeting to fulfil
the requirements of cl 37.2. Indeed, this would be taking a far too literal
interpretation of cl 37.2. The object of the mediation procedure is for a
series of discussions between personnel of various ranks from the disputing
parties. Even if other matters were discussed at those meetings, as long as
the dispute in question was addressed, the meeting would satisfy the
requirements contained in cl 37.2.

110 Based on the affidavit evidence available to me, there appear to have been
several meetings to resolve the Payment Dispute. Lufthansa has produced a
table showing at least seven meetings which it had with IRCP in Bangkok
between February 2007 and July 2009. Mr Sawangsamud, IRCP’s director, was
present in all seven meetings. Mr Kather, the General Counsel for Lufthansa,
who was at most of those meetings, attested that the Payment Dispute was on
the agenda at these meetings. I note that a representative from Datamat was
also present at three of these meetings. Although I accept that there is some
uncertainty over the precise contents of those meetings, I have not seen any
evidence from IRCP that the Payment Dispute was never discussed or sought to
be resolved at these meetings. IRCP’s allegation that these meetings “were
held for the purpose of discussing Lufthansa’s uncompleted works in the EDP
System Project” was unsubstantiated. On balance, I am persuaded that there
were several rounds of high-level meetings between Lufthansa, Datamat and IRCP
to resolve the Payment Dispute. The parties have had their attempts at
negotiations and in that respect, the object of cl 37.2 has been met. The
condition precedents to the commencement of the arbitration proceedings were
therefore satisfied. Consequently, the Tribunal has jurisdiction to resolve
the dispute.

Concluding observation

111 I note that IRCP is seeking, _inter alia_ , an order to set aside the
arbitral tribunal’s preliminary ruling that it had jurisdiction. However, I am
apprehensive as to whether a setting aside order is the proper order to ask
for and whether the court can make such an order. In _PT Asuransi_ _Jasa
Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 597, a question arose as
to whether an arbitral tribunal’s finding of negative jurisdiction may be set
aside pursuant to s 24 of the IAA read with Art 34 of the Model Law. Adjunct
Associate Professor Lawrence Boo, who was appointed as _amicus curiae_ ,
expressed the following views (at [65]):

(a) [T]hat, on its face, the definition of an _“award” under s 2(1) of the Act
only includes decisions that deal with the “substance of the dispute”_ : **_a
decision of a tribunal on a preliminary question such as jurisdiction would
not dispose of the "substance of the dispute", and, hence, would not be an
"award" for the purposes of the Act_** ;

(b) that s 19A(2) of the Act was meant to clarify the power of a tribunal to
make awards on different matters and at different stages of the arbitration
and was never intended to widen the definition in s 2(1) of the Act; and

(c) that Art 16(3) of the Model Law **_does not admit a pure ruling on the
preliminary question of jurisdiction as an “award”_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

112 Professor Boo’s opinions were accepted by the Court of Appeal in _PT
Asuransi_ (at [66]). Therefore, it would seem that an arbitral tribunal’s
ruling on jurisdiction—positive or negative—is not a decision on the substance
of the dispute, and cannot be characterised as an award. Mr Chan Leng Sun SC,
made the same observation in his monograph, _Singapore Law on Arbitral Awards_
(Academy, 2011) at para 2.23, that an arbitral tribunal’s ruling on
jurisdiction should be described as a ruling or decision and not as an award.

113 As the IAA read with the Model Law only provides for the setting aside of
_awards_ , there appears to be a lacuna where an application has been made
under s 10 of the IAA to challenge an arbitral tribunal’s preliminary ruling
on jurisdiction, such as in the present case. On a strict reading of _PT
Asuransi_ , while a party who is dissatisfied with the arbitral tribunal’s
preliminary ruling on jurisdiction is permitted to apply to the Singapore
court under s 10 to have the Singapore court decide the matter, the court may
be precluded from setting aside the ruling on jurisdiction under s 24 read
with Art 34 on the ground that the ruling on jurisdiction is not an award for
the purposes of the IAA. This lacuna is further compounded by the fact that s
10 is silent on the reliefs which the court may order should the court decide
that the arbitral tribunal has no jurisdiction. Notwithstanding this
peculiarity, on a practical level, it would be very unusual for an arbitral
tribunal—or indeed a party to the arbitration—to continue with a Singapore-
seated arbitration where a Singapore court has decided that the same arbitral
tribunal lacks jurisdiction, albeit without setting aside the arbitral
tribunal’s preliminary ruling that it has jurisdiction.

114 As Lufthansa did not object to the relief of setting aside sought by IRCP
and no arguments were canvassed on this point, I will not express any view on
whether an order to set aside the arbitral tribunal’s positive ruling on its
jurisdiction is properly within the power of the court to give. In any event,
since I am of the view that the Tribunal has jurisdiction, there is no need to
consider if its positive ruling on jurisdiction should be set aside.

Conclusion

115 For the foregoing reasons, IRCP’s application is dismissed. Subject to the
parties writing to the court within seven days to be heard on costs, I further
order that the costs of Lufthansa are to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Nov 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

