Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Dinesh Pillai a/l K Raja Retnam _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2012] SGCA 24

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 6 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eugene Thuraisingam, Mervyn Cheong Jun Ming and Kenneth
Chua Han Yuan (Stamford Law Corporation) for the appellant; Aedit Abdullah SC,
Geraldine Tan and Wong Woon Kwong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Dinesh Pillai a/l K Raja Retnam — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 95.]

4 April 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by one Dinesh Pillai a/l K Raja Retnam (“the appellant”)
against his conviction by the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in _Public
Prosecutor v Dinesh_ _Pillai_ _a/l K Raja Retnam_ [2011] SGHC 95 (“the
Judgment”) of the following charge under the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”):[note: 1]

**YOU ARE CHARGED** at the instance of the Attorney-General as Public
Prosecutor and the charges against you are:

That you, **DINESH PILLAI A/L K RAJA RETNAM** ,

on 19 December 2009, at about 9.05 p.m., in a Malaysian registered motorcycle
bearing registration number JKR 3019, at the Woodlands Checkpoint, Singapore,
did import into Singapore a controlled drug specified in Class “A” of the
First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, one packet of
granular/powdery substance, which was analysed and found to contain not less
than 19.35 grams of diamorphine, without authorisation under the said Act or
the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 7 and punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act,
Chapter 185.

[emphasis in bold in original]

The facts

2 The appellant is a 29-year-old Malaysian male who lived in Skudai, Malaysia.
According to the appellant, his friend, Ravi, introduced him to a person
called “Raja” in November/December 2009\. Raja offered to pay the appellant to
deliver food to a person called “Ah Boy” in Singapore. The appellant expressed
his interest and asked what kind of food he would have to deliver. However,
Raja told him that it was a “secret”,[note: 2] saying only that it was
something expensive. Raja also warned the appellant that he was never to open
the package of food to be delivered because Ah Boy would know and would refuse
to accept delivery.[note: 3] Unemployed and in financial difficulty, the
appellant agreed, despite suspecting that he would be delivering something
other than food.[note: 4]

3 On 10 December 2009, the appellant made his first delivery. Raja gave the
appellant a red plastic bag which contained a brown paper-wrapped packet
secured with two rubber bands, a packet of curry and a packet of freshly cut
chilli. The appellant said that he was instructed by Raja to call him before
and after passing Woodlands Immigration Checkpoint (“Woodlands Checkpoint”).
After clearing immigration, the appellant called Raja, who then gave him Ah
Boy’s contact information and further instructions.[note: 5] The appellant
subsequently contacted Ah Boy, who told him to effectuate delivery at Pasir
Ris MRT Station. The appellant successfully delivered the items to Ah Boy, for
which he was paid RM200.[note: 6] The appellant then returned to Johor Bahru,
where Raja took his mobile phone and deleted all records of communications
between the appellant and Ah Boy.[note: 7]

4 A second delivery took place on 14 December 2009\. On that occasion, it was
Ravi, not Raja, who handed the appellant the items to be delivered to Ah
Boy.[note: 8] Those items were similar to the items delivered by the appellant
on 10 December 2009, _viz_ , they likewise consisted of a brown paper-wrapped
packet, a packet of curry and a packet of freshly cut chilli. Still curious
about the contents of the brown packet, the appellant queried Ravi about it,
but was likewise told by the latter that it was a secret.[note: 9] Despite his
concerns not being assuaged, the appellant nonetheless decided to proceed with
the second delivery. As before, after the appellant passed Woodlands
Checkpoint, he called Raja, who gave him Ah Boy’s contact information. The
appellant called Ah Boy, who told him to meet at Bedok Bus Interchange. The
appellant successfully delivered the items to Ah Boy and received several
envelopes from Ah Boy to give to Raja. The appellant testified at the trial
that the envelopes contained money which totalled S$9,600. The same routine
was followed upon the appellant’s return to Johor Bahru, _viz_ , Raja took the
appellant’s mobile phone and deleted the phone records of the appellant’s
conversations with Ah Boy.[note: 10] The appellant was paid RM300 for the
second delivery.

5 The appellant attempted to make a third delivery to Ah Boy on 19 December
2009, but was arrested at Woodlands Checkpoint. This attempted delivery is the
subject matter of the present appeal. At about 7.00pm on 19 December 2009,
Raja gave the appellant a red plastic bag (“the Red Plastic Bag”) to pass to
Ah Boy. The appellant did not ask Raja what the Red Plastic Bag contained (it
was subsequently found to contain, just as in the case of the first and second
deliveries, a brown paper-wrapped packet, a packet of curry and a packet of
freshly cut chilli). When the appellant arrived at Woodlands Checkpoint
Counter 45 at about 8.19pm, a notification alert sounded as his particulars
were being checked. The immigration officer at the counter, Sergeant Chua Guan
Bee (“Sgt Chua”), alerted the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority Arrival
Car Secondary Team Office (“the ST Office”) located within Woodlands
Checkpoint. Sgt Chua also asked the appellant to hand over his motorcycle keys
and informed the latter that he would have to do a further verification
check.[note: 11]

6 In response to the alert triggered by Sgt Chua, an officer from AETOS
Auxiliary Police Force, Corporal Mohamed Firoz bin Mohamed Eusoof, was
despatched to escort the appellant from the immigration counter to the ST
Office. The appellant parked his motorcycle at a parking lot adjacent to the
ST Office and waited inside the ST Office for about 30 minutes until officers
from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) arrived at approximately
8.55pm.[note: 12]

7 After they arrived, the CNB officers escorted the appellant to his
motorcycle. Sergeant Vasanthakumar Pillai (“Sgt Kumar”) was the only CNB
officer who understood and spoke Tamil. As the men walked to the motorcycle,
Sgt Kumar asked the appellant whether he had anything to declare. The
appellant informed Sgt Kumar in Tamil that he had been paid to deliver some
items to Ah Boy and that those items were placed under his motorcycle seat.
This led to the appellant’s motorcycle being searched in his presence. Staff
Sergeant Chew Tai Wai (“SSgt Chew”), the CNB officer conducting the search,
found the Red Plastic Bag under the motorcycle seat. Noticing that the Red
Plastic Bag contained a brown packet which was unusually hard (“the Brown
Packet”), SSgt Chew peeped through a small opening of the Brown Packet and saw
a brownish granular/powdery substance, which appeared to be packed in a
separate plastic bag.[note: 13] Of a gross weight of 451.0g, the brownish
granular/powdery substance was later analysed by the Health Sciences Authority
of Singapore and was found to contain not less than 19.35g of
diamorphine.[note: 14] Subsequently, the appellant was arrested on suspicion
of importing a controlled drug into Singapore on 19 December 2009 at about
9.05pm.

8 After his arrest, the appellant gave various statements to the CNB officers.
It was in these statements that the appellant revealed that he had previously
made two deliveries to Ah Boy. These statements consisted of:

(a) the appellant’s conversation with Sgt Kumar after a strip search conducted
at about 9.47pm on 19 December 2009;[note: 15]

(b) the appellant’s statement to Sgt Kumar recorded at about 11.05pm on 19
December 2009 (the appellant’s “Contemporaneous Statement”);[note: 16]

(c) the appellant’s cautioned statement under s 122(6) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) recorded at about 4.40am on
20 December 2009;[note: 17]

(d) the appellant’s first statement under s 121 of the CPC (the appellant’s
first “long statement”) recorded at about 10.20am on 22 December 2009;[note:
18]

(e) the appellant’s second long statement recorded at about 2.25pm on 22
December 2009;[note: 19]

(f) the appellant’s third long statement recorded at about 10.22am on 24
December 2009;[note: 20] and

(g) the appellant’s fourth long statement recorded at about 10.25am on 29 July
2010.[note: 21]

The decision of the Judge

9 In the Judgment, the Judge set out the law as follows:

18 To secure a conviction [under s 7 of the MDA], the [P]rosecution must show
that the [appellant] imported the diamorphine into Singapore without prior
authorisation. … The importation of drugs is not an offence of strict
liability, so the [P]rosecution must also show that the [appellant] knew, or
is taken to have known, that he was bringing the controlled drug into
Singapore … The [P]rosecution has to prove not just knowledge of a controlled
drug, but knowledge of the _specific drug_ – diamorphine.

…

20 … It is not disputed that the [appellant] physically brought the
diamorphine into Singapore and that he was not authorised to do so. The only
issue is whether the _mens_ _rea_ of the offence is made out: whether the
[appellant] knew, or is taken to have known, that he was carrying
_diamorphine_. The [appellant]’s knowledge for the purposes of section 7 may
be proved:

(a) by establishing that the [appellant] had actual knowledge that he was
carrying diamorphine;

(b) by showing that the [appellant] was wilfully blind to the fact that he was
carrying diamorphine; and

(c) by relying on the presumption in section 18(2) of the MDA whereby the
[appellant] is presumed by law to have known the nature of the drug he was
carrying (in this case, diamorphine).

[emphasis in original]

Actual knowledge

10 After examining all the evidence adduced before him, the Judge found at
[44] of the Judgment as follows:

For the reasons articulated above [at [36]–[43] of the Judgment], and looking
at the evidence as a whole, I am driven to conclude that the [appellant] did
have actual knowledge that he was carrying a controlled drug.

11 Having made this finding, it was unnecessary for the Judge to make a
finding on whether there was wilful blindness on the appellant’s part to the
fact that the Brown Packet contained a controlled drug.

The presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA

12 The Judge next considered the application of the presumption set out in s
18(2) of the MDA (“the s 18(2) MDA presumption”) in the light of his finding
that the appellant had actual knowledge that he was carrying a controlled
drug, and held as follows (at [46]–[47] of the Judgment):

46 It is apparent from section 18 that the presumption of knowledge of the
actual nature of the drug in section 18(2) applies only if that drug is
proved, or presumed under section 18(1), to have been in the [appellant]’s
possession. It is undisputed that the [R]ed [P]lastic [B]ag was in the
[appellant]’s physical possession, and that it was subsequently found to
contain a controlled drug, diamorphine. Accordingly, the section 18(2)
presumption is triggered and until the contrary is proved by the [appellant]
on a balance of probability, the [appellant] is presumed to have known the
actual nature of the drug found in his possession, which was diamorphine or
heroin.

47 Given the totality of the evidence before me, I find that the [appellant]
failed to rebut the presumption that he had knowledge of the actual nature of
the drug found in his possession. He is therefore presumed under s 18(2) of
the MDA to know that the controlled drug found in the brown paper wrapped
packet [_ie_ , the Brown Packet defined at [7] above] was diamorphine or
heroin.

The issues before us

13 The appellant’s counsel raised the following arguments in his oral
submissions before this court:

(a) the Prosecution had failed to prove beyond reasonable doubt that the
appellant had admitted to being in possession of a controlled drug in his
Contemporaneous Statement; and

(b) the appellant had proved on a balance of probabilities that he did not
know that he was in possession of diamorphine, _ie_ , he had rebutted the s
18(2) MDA presumption that he knew the nature of the controlled drug contained
in the Brown Packet.

14 The appellant also filed supplementary written submissions contending that
s 33 of the MDA was unconstitutional[note: 22] because the MDA allowed the
Public Prosecutor to act arbitrarily by selecting the punishment to be
inflicted upon an individual member of a class of offenders with the same
legal guilt, either by choosing between bringing proceedings in the
Subordinate Courts and bringing proceedings in the High Court, or by
manipulating the amount of drugs stated in the charge, regardless of the
actual amount involved in the offence. Such arbitrary power, it was argued,
was a breach of Art 93 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985
Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint). However, at the hearing before us, counsel for the
appellant withdrew this ground of appeal. If this ground of appeal had not
been withdrawn, we would have rejected it as completely without merit.

15 The Prosecution’s submissions in reply to the appellant’s arguments were
that: (a) the appellant had actual knowledge that he was carrying a controlled
drug;[note: 23] (b) the appellant was wilfully blind to the fact that he was
carrying diamorphine into Singapore;[note: 24] and (c) the appellant had
failed to rebut the s 18(2) MDA presumption.[note: 25]

Our decision

The presumption under s 18(1) of the MDA

16 In our view, it is not necessary for us to decide the issue of whether the
Prosecution has proved beyond reasonable doubt that the appellant had, in law,
possession of the controlled drug (_viz_ , diamorphine) found in the Brown
Packet. The reason is that because the appellant was in actual physical
possession of the Brown Packet containing that controlled drug, the
presumption under s 18(1) of the MDA was triggered and he was presumed to have
had that drug in his possession in the absence of proof to the contrary. The
question therefore is whether, on the evidence, the appellant has proved the
contrary – _viz_ , whether he has proved that he did not have the controlled
drug in the Brown Packet in his possession because he did not know that the
Brown Packet contained a controlled drug.

17 In our view, the appellant has failed to prove the contrary for the
following reasons. First, the appellant had made two previous deliveries of
similar packets wrapped in brown paper which, he had admitted, contained
drugs. For those deliveries, he was paid RM200 on the first occasion and RM300
on the second occasion. Second, the appellant was to be paid RM200 for the
third delivery of a similarly wrapped brown packet (_viz_ , the Brown Packet).
Third, the appellant did not believe Raja when the latter told him that the
brown packet to be delivered to Ah Boy on each occasion contained food.
Fourth, the appellant suspected that the Brown Packet (just as in the case of
the brown packets delivered on the first and second occasions) contained
something illegal. Fifth, the appellant admitted that he had the time and
opportunity, while travelling to Woodlands Checkpoint on 19 December 2009, to
inspect the Brown Packet and check whether it was similarly an illicit drug
that he was being asked to bring to Singapore.

The s 18(2) MDA presumption

18 Since the appellant is presumed under s 18(1) of the MDA to have had
possession of the controlled drug in the Brown Packet, s 18(2) of the MDA is
triggered. This provides that any person who is proved or presumed to have had
a controlled drug in his possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be
presumed to have known the nature of that drug. In _Nagaenthran a/l K
Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 4 SLR 1156, this court held at [24]
that the words “the nature of that drug” in s 18(2) of the MDA were simply a
reference to the actual controlled drug which was proved or presumed to be in
the possession of the accused at the material time. As s 18(2) has been
triggered in the present case, the appellant bears the burden of proving on a
balance of probabilities that he did not know or could not reasonably be
expected to have known the nature of the controlled drug that was found inside
the Brown Packet. The issue we now have to examine is whether the appellant
has proved the contrary of what s 18(2) presumes, _ie_ , whether he has proved
that he did not know or could not reasonably be expected to have known that
the controlled drug in the Brown Packet was diamorphine.

19 In this regard, the appellant’s submission was simply that he did not know
that he was being asked to deliver a controlled drug, much less diamorphine,
to Ah Boy, and that he had not admitted or confessed to the fact that the
Brown Packet contained a controlled drug. His defence was that although he
suspected that the Brown Packet contained contraband or something illegal, he
never associated it with a controlled drug, much less diamorphine. He said
that he was shocked when he was told by the CNB officers on 19 December 2009
that the Brown Packet contained diamorphine.[note: 26]

20 In our view, the crucial question in relation to the s 18(2) MDA
presumption in this case is whether it can be rebutted or proved to the
contrary by the appellant merely asserting that he did not know what was in
the Brown Packet when: (a) he did not believe that the Brown Packet contained
what Raja said it contained (_ie_ , food); and (b) he had ample time and
opportunity to open the Brown Packet to see what was inside it. This is not a
case where the appellant reasonably believed that the Brown Packet contained
some controlled drug other than diamorphine (_eg_ , “ice”, ecstasy, _etc_) and
had good reason for such belief (compare, _eg_ , _Khor Soon Lee v Public
Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 201 (“ _Khor Soon Lee_ ”), where the Prosecution did
not dispute the accused’s evidence that he had no suspicion that the bundles
found on him at the material time contained diamorphine as, when transporting
similar bundles in the past, he had sometimes been told that the bundles
contained erimin and ketamine and, at other times, had not been told of the
contents of the bundles at all). In the present case, the appellant did not
bother to take the simple step of peeping into the Brown Packet to see what it
contained despite suspecting that it contained something illegal (see [17] and
[19] above). If, for example, the appellant had testified that he had opened
the Brown Packet and had seen some yellow substance which he had genuinely,
but mistakenly, believed to be some food item, then that testimony might be
evidence which the court could have considered to determine whether he had
rebutted or disproved the s 18(2) MDA presumption.

21 In our view, the appellant has failed to rebut the s 18(2) MDA presumption
on a balance of probabilities because he turned a blind eye to what the Brown
Packet contained despite suspecting that it contained something illegal. The
factual distinction between this case and _Khor Soon Lee_ is that in the
latter case, the accused did not have any suspicion that he was carrying
anything other than erimin and ketamine (which the court accepted). In
contrast, in the present case, the appellant was aware that he was carrying
something illegal, and he could easily have verified what that thing was by
simply opening the Brown Packet. It was not enough for the appellant to take
the position that he did not open the Brown Packet because he had been told
not to do so. In using the expression “turning a blind eye” in this context,
we do not mean to say that the appellant had actual knowledge that the Brown
Packet contained diamorphine. In the context of s 18(2) of the MDA, it is not
necessary for the Prosecution to prove wilful blindness as a means of proving
actual knowledge on the appellant’s part of the nature of the controlled drug
in the Brown Packet as the Prosecution has no such burden. Instead, it is for
the appellant to prove on a balance of probabilities that he did not know or
could not reasonably be expected to have known that the Brown Packet contained
diamorphine. In our view, the appellant has failed to rebut the s 18(2) MDA
presumption by his mere general assertions that he did not know what was in
the Brown Packet as: (a) the nature of the controlled drug in that packet
could easily have been determined by simply opening the packet; and (b) there
was no evidence to show that it was not reasonably expected of him, in the
circumstances, to open the packet to see what was in it. In short, the
appellant has failed to prove the contrary of what s 18(2) of the MDA presumes
in the present case as he neglected or refused to take reasonable steps to
find out what he was asked to deliver to Ah Boy on 19 December 2009 in
circumstances where a reasonable person having the suspicions that he had
would have taken steps to find out (_viz_ , by simply opening the Brown Packet
to see what was in it).

Conclusion

22 For the above reasons, we are of the view that the appellant has failed to
rebut the s 18(2) MDA presumption, and we accordingly dismiss his appeal.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Record of Proceedings (“RP”) vol 4, p 1.

[note: 2]See, _inter alia_ , the certified transcript of the notes of evidence
(“the NE”) for Day 5 of the trial at p 14, line 15 (in RP vol 2).

[note: 3]See the NE for: (a) Day 6 of the trial at p 28, lines 23–30 (in RP
vol 3); and (b) Day 5 of the trial at p 14, lines 25–26 (in RP vol 2). See
also the Appellant’s Written Submissions filed on 6 January 2012 at para 5.

[note: 4]See the NE for Day 6 of the trial at p 27, lines 19–29 (in RP vol 3).

[note: 5]See the NE for Day 6 of the trial at p 29, lines 1–8 (in RP vol 3).

[note: 6]See the NE for Day 6 of the trial at p 53, lines 13–15 (in RP vol 3).

[note: 7]See the NE for Day 6 of the trial at p 49, line 29 to p 50, line 17
(in RP vol 3).

[note: 8]See the NE for Day 5 of the trial at p 8, lines 28–31 (in RP vol 2).

[note: 9]See the NE for Day 6 of the trial at p 57, lines 10–28 (in RP vol 3).

[note: 10]See the NE for Day 7 of the trial at p 1, lines 13–29 and p 2, lines
11–31 (in RP vol 3).

[note: 11]See the NE for Day 1 of the trial at p 45, lines 14–20 (in RP vol
1).

[note: 12]See the Judgment at [3].

[note: 13]See the conditioned statement of SSgt Chew dated 11 November 2010 at
para 5 (in RP vol 4, pp 121–122).

[note: 14]See RP vol 4, p 29.

[note: 15]See the conditioned statement of Sgt Kumar dated 10 November 2010
(“Sgt Kumar’s conditioned statement”) at para 10 (in RP vol 4, pp 125–126).

[note: 16]See Sgt Kumar’s conditioned statement at para 12 (in RP vol 4, pp
126–127).

[note: 17]See RP vol 4, pp 171–173.

[note: 18]See RP vol 4, pp 74–77.

[note: 19]See RP vol 4, pp 78–82.

[note: 20]See RP vol 4, pp 83–85.

[note: 21]See RP vol 4, pp 86–89.

[note: 22]See paras 1–3 of the Appellant’s Supplemental Written Submissions on
Article 93 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999
Reprint) filed on 6 January 2012.

[note: 23]See the Respondent’s Submissions & Bundle of Authorities dated 6
January 2012 (“the Respondent’s Submissions”) at para 18D.

[note: 24]See the Respondent’s Submissions at para 18E.

[note: 25]See the Respondent’s Submissions at para 18F.

[note: 26]See the appellant’s second long statement recorded on 22 December
2009 at para 16 (in RP vol 4, p 79).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

