Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tee Yok Kiat and another _v_ Pang Min Seng and another  
[2012] SGHC 85

Case Number| :| Suit No 589 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Adrian Tan and Ong Pei Ching (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
plaintiffs (for the first tranche and for closing submissions); The plaintiffs
were in person for the second tranche; The first defendant in person;
Uthayasurian s/o Sidambaram, M S Rajendran and Ramesh s/o Varathappan (Surian
& Partners) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tee Yok Kiat and another — Pang Min Seng and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: Civil Appeal No 52 of 2012 and Summons No 4377 of 2012
were allowed by the Court of Appeal on 26 September 2012. See [2013] SGCA 9.]

20 April 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This action concerns a businesswoman, her renovation contractor and a
fortune-teller. What brought these three individuals together? According to
the businesswoman, it was a conspiracy by the fortune teller and the
renovation contractor to cheat her of money, with the assistance of “black
magic”,[note: 1] but according to the renovation contractor, it was a “love”
affair that he had with the businesswoman. What motivated the businesswoman to
commence these proceedings particularly since this action concerns events that
took place some years ago in 2005/2006? On the businesswoman’s own evidence,
the impetus for commencing this action has its roots in a conversation that
she had with the fortune-teller’s former husband in 2009\. According to the
businesswoman, it was this conversation that broke her from the “black magic”
spell.[note: 2] The fortune-teller’s former husband claimed to have told the
businesswoman that he suspected his wife of having an affair with the
contractor. Although his evidence was contested, this revelation might well
explain her motivation in bringing this action. Though a litigant’s motivation
for instituting an action may not be strictly relevant, I thought it would be
useful to place some context on why this action was brought so many years
after the fact.

2 The action involves two distinct sets of claims. The first set, which I
shall refer to as the “Trust and Blackmail Claims”, arises from various
payments made by the first plaintiff, Ms Tee Yok Kiat (who is also known as
Sarah) (“Sarah”), to the first defendant, Mr Pang Min Seng (who is also known
as Andy) (“Andy”). In essence, Sarah alleges that Andy was to hold some money
(“the Trust Money”) on trust for the purpose of investing in land and property
in China. Alternatively, Sarah alleges that Andy held the Trust Money on a
resulting trust. Sarah claims that Andy breached the trust by failing to use
the Trust Money for investment. Andy admits that he received the Trust Money.
He claims, however, that Sarah had given him the Trust Money as a gift because
they were having an intimate relationship. Sarah is also claiming another sum
of money (“the Blackmail Money”) from Andy which she says was paid after Andy
harassed and intimidated her. The claim for the Trust Money is also brought
against the second defendant, Ms Poh Saipin (who is also known as Tik)
(“Tik”), who according to the plaintiffs is a fortune-teller, for conspiracy
by unlawful means, dishonest assistance, knowing receipt and unjust
enrichment.

3 The second set of claims, which I shall refer to as the “Contract Claims”,
arises from an unrelated transaction between both plaintiffs and Tik. The
plaintiffs allege that they were induced into entering into an agreement with
Tik to invest in her business to sell the “POLICE” brand of apparel as a
result of Tik’s false representations. They also claim that Tik breached
various clauses of the agreement.

4 I should mention that Andy conducted the entire trial in person. The
plaintiffs were also unrepresented for most of the trial having only been
represented on the first day of the trial which was abruptly adjourned due to
some health issues affecting Tik’s lead counsel. At the close of the case, I
suggested to the plaintiffs as well as Andy that they should consider engaging
counsel to assist in the preparation of the closing submissions given the
multiplicity of issues which have to be addressed in light of the substantial
documents and transcripts of the trial.

Background

The parties

5 Sarah is a financial consultant and a real estate agent.[note: 3] The second
plaintiff, Ms Tee Yok Lee (who is also known as Ivy) (“Ivy”), is Sarah’s elder
sister.[note: 4] She is a housewife and her role in this action is limited to
the Contract Claims.

6 Andy was previously a partner in a business known as “Bumi Megah Timber
Wood” (“Bumi Megah”), together with his sister, Ms Pang Mei Huei (“Ms
Pang”).[note: 5] He resigned from Bumi Megah in 2005.[note: 6] Andy’s role in
this action is limited to the Trust and Blackmail Claims.

7 Tik, a Thai national, describes herself as a “businesswoman involved in
selling religious statues and ornaments” through a sole proprietorship known
as Pratunam Trading (“Pratunam”).[note: 7] She claims that she also “read[s]
cards and tell[s] fortune” for her friends “out of goodwill and for
free”.[note: 8] However, occasionally, the persons for whom she reads cards
give her “red packets” as “token[s] of appreciation”.[note: 9] The action
against Tik is for the Trust Money as well as the Contract Claims.

The claims

The Trust and Blackmail Claims

8 Sarah claims that the Trust Money comprises the following payments:[note:
10]

Date of the payment |  Amount  
---|---  
On or around 4 May 2005 |  $83,700  
On or around 16 May 2005 |  $45,000  
On or around 1 June 2005 |  $210,000  
On or around 2 June 2005 |  $230,000  
On or around 2 September 2005 |  $40,000  
Total |  $608,700  
  
  

9 Sarah’s explanation of the circumstances and the purposes for which the
Trust Money was paid is as follows:

(a) Sarah claims that Tik told her after reading her cards that her husband
was probably having an affair with a female colleague.[note: 11] On Tik’s
advice, she decided to conceal her money so that her husband would not have a
share in the event of a divorce.[note: 12] She further claims that Tik advised
her to deposit her money with Andy[note: 13] and to ensure that there was no
paper trail to trace them.[note: 14] According to Sarah, the Trust Money
represented her “savings and earnings from conservative investments in
property”.[note: 15]

(b) Sarah paid the first tranche of the Trust Money ($83,700) to Andy after he
told her of an opportunity to purchase a shop near the Shenyang China Bus and
Railway Terminal in China (“the Shenyang Shop”).[note: 16] Sarah also claims
that she consulted Tik on the opportunity.[note: 17] Sarah alleges that
$80,000 from the first tranche was part of a 30% deposit for the Shenyang Shop
(the remainder was to be financed by a loan[note: 18]). The balance was for
administrative, currency exchange commission and legal fees.[note: 19]

(c) The second tranche of the Trust Money comprised a sum of $40,000 as the
balance of the 30% deposit for the Shenyang Shop and $5,000 for Andy’s travel
expenses.[note: 20]

(d) The remaining tranches were for the balance of the payment due for the
Shenyang Shop, renovation and business expenses for the Shenyang Shop and
payment for a parcel of land near an airport (“the Airport Land”).[note: 21]
Sarah claims that Andy had told her on 29 May 2005 that her application for a
loan for the balance of 70% of the purchase price of the Shenyang Shop was
unsuccessful and that she had to pay the remainder in cash if she wanted to
avoid the forfeiture of the 30% deposit. Andy also told her that he required
$140,000 to renovate the Shenyang Shop and commence business, and that the
Airport Land was available for purchase at $120,000.[note: 22] He explained
that the Airport Land could be used to rear livestock and poultry for the
Shenyang Shop.[note: 23] Sarah also claims to have consulted Tik on the
payments of these three tranches of the Trust Money.[note: 24]

10 I should mention that Sarah also deposed in her affidavit of evidence-in-
chief (“AEIC”) that she had paid a further $100,000 to Andy on trust on or
around 1 June 2005.[note: 25] She explained that she did not claim for this
amount because she lost the passbook evidencing her withdrawal of this
sum.[note: 26] I will say no more about this payment since it was not pleaded.

11 In summary, _vis-à-vis_ the Trust Money, Sarah has pursued the following
causes of action against Andy and against both defendants collectively in her
closing submissions:

(a) In breach of an _express_ trust over the Trust Money and/or his fiduciary
duty, Andy did not apply the Trust Money towards the purchase of the Airport
Land and the Shenyang Shop in China.[note: 27]

(b) In breach of an _express_ trust over the Trust Money, Andy used the Trust
Money for the benefit of one Conway Corporation (“Conway”).[note: 28]

(c) Andy holds the Trust Money on _resulting_ trust for Sarah.[note: 29]

(d) Both defendants conspired with predominant intention to injure Sarah by
inducing her to pay Andy the Trust Money to buy the Airport Land and the
Shenyang Shop in China.[note: 30]

(e) Both defendants are constructive trustees of the Trust Money for the
benefit of Sarah on two grounds: (i) due to their knowing participation in a
fraudulent and dishonest design against Sarah;[note: 31] and (ii) by retaining
the benefit of the Trust Money.[note: 32]

(f) Andy has been unjustly enriched from his receipt of the Trust Money
because he failed to apply the Trust Money towards the purchase of the Airport
Land and the Shenyang Shop in China.[note: 33]

(g) Both defendants were unjustly enriched because they used the Trust Money
for the benefit of Conway.[note: 34]

12 Turning now to the Blackmail Money, Sarah claims that on or around October
2008, Andy asked her for $100,000 to start a new business.[note: 35] Despite
telling Andy that she did not have any money to give him[note: 36], Andy
persisted in sending Sarah Short Message Service (“SMS”) messages to harass
her for money.[note: 37] Subsequently, Andy started to blackmail Sarah by
threatening to tell her husband that she was having an affair with him and
that she had given the Trust Money to him.[note: 38] Sarah also claims that
Andy threatened to harass her children, her parents-in-law and her
sister.[note: 39] Sarah claims that, as a result of Andy’s blackmail and
threats, she gave Andy the sum of $50,000, _ie_ , the Blackmail Money, on or
around 23 January 2009.[note: 40] She also claims that she had consulted Tik
before making this payment. Tik allegedly encouraged Sarah to help Andy start
his business so that he could return the Trust Money to her.[note: 41]

13 Apropos the Blackmail Money, Sarah claims that Andy is liable in the tort
of harassment and intimidation for his conduct which resulted in Sarah’s
payment of the Blackmail Money.[note: 42]

The Contract Claims

14 The Contract Claims arise out of an agreement entered between the
plaintiffs and Tik on or around 28 April 2006 for the plaintiffs to invest in
Tik’s business (“the Agreement”).[note: 43] The Agreement contemplated that
the plaintiffs would pay a sum of $79,000 to Tik as consideration for a 50%
share of her business in relation to apparel under the trade and brand name
“POLICE” (clause (a) of the Agreement[note: 44]). A further $1,000 was to be
paid as an “administrative charge”.[note: 45] The Agreement structured the
investment in the following manner:

(a) Tik and the plaintiffs were to incorporate a company under the name and
style of “Sarah N Co Pte Ltd” or such other name as approved by the relevant
authorities (clause (b) of the Agreement). The parties subsequently
incorporated a company by the name of “Sarah Design Pte Ltd” (“Sarah Design”)
in compliance with this clause.[note: 46]

(b) Tik or her nominee was to hold 50% of the equity in Sarah Design and the
plaintiffs were to hold the remaining equity (clause (c) of the Agreement).

The Agreement also imposed various other obligations on Tik. The material
terms are as follows:

…

f.[Tik] shall transfer, assign and give to the company all her rights and
benefits which she has acquired in relation to the trade and brand name
“POLICE” with effect from 1st of June 2006.

…

h.[Tik] shall also transfer and assign absolutely to the company all the
franchise agreements which are in existence on the 1st of June 2006. [Tik]
upon the execution of this agreement shall not enter into any further
franchise agreements and shall refer all franchisees to the company to enter
into such agreements. [Tik] shall ensure that the existing Franchisees [_sic_]
enter into a fresh agreement with the company.

…

j.[Tik] shall transfer all the assets of the business relating to the “POLICE”
brand by the 1st of June 2006, save all monies due and payable, as well as
debts due to [Tik] which have accrued prior to the 1st of June 2006. [Tik]
shall be solely responsible for all liabilities of the business relating to
the POLICE which have been accrued and is payable prior to the 1st of June
2006.

k.[Tik] hereby covenants to take all steps to ensure that the manufacturer
continues to [_sic_] supply of the apparel and ensure that the sole and
exclusive distribution agreement will be renewed upon the expiry. [Tik] shall
extend her sole and exclusive distribution with the manufacturer upon the
expiry of the same or if so permitted by the manufacturer shall allow the
company to enter into the agreement.

…

15 The plaintiffs claim that Tik breached the following obligations under the
Agreement:

(a) In breach of clause (f) of the Agreement, Tik did not transfer, assign and
give to Sarah Design all her rights and benefits which she had acquired in
relation to the trade and brand name “POLICE”.[note: 47]

(b) In breach of clause (h) of the Agreement, Tik did not ensure that existing
franchisees entered into fresh agreements with Sarah Design.[note: 48]

(c) In breach of clause (j) of the Agreement, Tik did not transfer all the
assets of the business relating to the “POLICE” brand as well as debts due to
her which accrued before 1 June 2006, by 1 June 2006, or at all.[note: 49]

(d) In breach of clause (k) of the Agreement, Tik did not take steps to ensure
that the manufacturer of the “POLICE” brand of apparel continued to supply the
apparel.[note: 50]

(e) Tik breached an implied term of the Agreement that the apparel supplied by
her would be fit for the Singapore market by acquiring “POLICE” brand t-shirts
which were of a single size and which did not fit average-sized adults.[note:
51]

16 In addition, the plaintiffs claim that Tik made the following fraudulent
representations to induce the plaintiffs to enter into the Agreement:[note:
52]

(a) That the existing four outlets selling the “POLICE” brand of apparel were
doing well and would not close down in the foreseeable future.

(b) That Tik would purchase the plaintiffs’ share in Sarah Design at a minimum
sum of $80,000 if the plaintiffs did not wish to continue the business of
selling the “POLICE” brand of apparel.

17 I should mention that the plaintiffs had sought leave after the conclusion
of the trial to expressly plead that obtaining the right to transfer the
“POLICE” franchise rights was a condition precedent of the Agreement.[note:
53] The plaintiffs subsequently withdrew their application.[note: 54]

The defence

The Trust and Blackmail Claims

18 Andy’s defence to the Trust and Blackmail Claims may be stated concisely.
He alleges that Sarah paid him the Trust Money and the Blackmail Money as a
_gift_ because they were in an intimate relationship.[note: 55] He submits
that his “entire defence will stand or fall” on the court’s findings as
regards the alleged intimate relationship with Sarah.[note: 56]

19 Tik’s defence is that Sarah did not tell her about the Trust Money.[note:
57] She also did not encourage Sarah to pay those monies to Andy.[note: 58]
She claims that she did not receive any part of the monies.[note: 59] She
further denies Sarah’s claim in conspiracy[note: 60] and her claims arising
from Tik’s alleged involvement in Conway.[note: 61] In relation to the
Blackmail Money, Tik denies knowledge of the alleged blackmail and
threats.[note: 62] She denies that Sarah had consulted her about Andy’s
alleged blackmail and threats.[note: 63]

The Contract Claims

20 Tik’s defence to the claim that she breached various clauses of the
Agreement is as follows:

(a) She did not breach clause (f) of the Agreement because the onus was on
Sarah Design to arrange for the necessary assignments and transfers.[note: 64]

(b) She did not breach clause (h) of the Agreement because the onus was on
Sarah Design to prepare fresh agreements to be executed with the
franchisees.[note: 65]

(c) She did not breach clause (j) of the Agreement because Sarah Design had
taken over the “POLICE” brand apparel and was trading with them. She asserts
that Sarah Design was supposed to appoint an auditor to audit Tik’s business
but this was not done. She further claims that she was saddled with the debts
of her business which were to be taken over by Sarah Design. She was ready,
willing and able to transfer the assets of the business but Sarah Design did
not take any steps to do so.[note: 66]

(d) She did not breach clause (k) of the Agreement because the manufacturer
was continuing its supply. Sarah Design did not place any orders with the
manufacturer. Tik claims that she had informed the manufacturer of the “change
in entity” and the manufacturer was agreeable to continue the supply.[note:
67]

(e) She did not breach an implied term that the apparel supplied would be fit
for the Singapore market because the apparel came in various sizes. Tik denies
that she refused the plaintiffs’ request for various sizes and asserts that
such requests were not even made in the first place.[note: 68]

21 As for the claims in misrepresentation, Tik denies having represented that
the existing four outlets were doing well and would not close down. She claims
that she told the plaintiffs that the franchisees might terminate their
agreements. Tik also claims that she would not have allowed a takeover of her
business if the franchisees were doing well. She claims that the plaintiffs
were aware of the situation and were confident of turning around the
business.[note: 69] Tik further denies that she represented that she would
purchase the plaintiffs’ equity if they did not wish to continue with the
business. Tik points out that if such a representation was made, the
plaintiffs would have requested for the sum of $80,000 much earlier because
they had stopped the “POLICE” business in 2007. No requests were made until
the commencement of this action.[note: 70]

22 In addition, Tik denies that the plaintiffs entered into the Agreement by
relying on the representations. She asserts that the plaintiffs conducted
their own due diligence.[note: 71] She also denies that the representations
are untrue[note: 72] or that they were fraudulently made[note: 73].

23 Tik also asserts that Sarah Design did not fulfil its obligations and take
steps to fulfil the conditions of the Agreement. If there were any grievances,
Sarah Design should have commenced action to enforce its rights.[note: 74]
Since Sarah Design has since been struck off from the Registry of Companies,
Tik argues that the plaintiffs are trying to recover their losses from Tik
even though the losses resulted from Sarah Design’s failure in the
business.[note: 75]

The issues

24 In relation to the Trust and Blackmail Claims, a threshold factual issue is
whether Sarah paid Andy the Trust Money and the Blackmail Money as gifts. If
the Trust Money and Blackmail Money were paid to Andy as gifts, then all the
Trust and Blackmail Claims would fail.

25 If the Trust Money and the Blackmail Money were not paid as gifts, the
following issues would arise for consideration:

(a) Can a trust over monies for the purpose of property investment arise if
the property sought to be purchased has not been identified by the beneficiary
(_ie_ , Sarah) with any degree of certainty?

(b) If the Trust Money was held on an express trust, the following subsidiary
issues would arise:

(i) Did Andy breach the trust?

(ii) Is Andy liable for the Trust Money in unjust enrichment?

(iii) Is Tik liable for knowing receipt and/or dishonest assistance in respect
of Andy’s breach of trust?

(iv) Are the defendants liable in conspiracy?

(v) Are the defendants liable as constructive trustees?

(c) If the Trust Money was _not_ held on an express trust, it would be
necessary to consider whether there is nevertheless a presumption that the
Trust Money was held on a resulting trust by Andy for the benefit of Sarah.

(d) If it is shown that the Trust Money was used for the benefit of Conway
Corporation, does it mean that Tik has been unjustly enriched from the receipt
of the Trust Money?

(e) Was the Blackmail Money paid to Andy as a result of his threats and/or
harassment? If so, is Andy liable to Sarah in the tort of harassment,
intimidation and/or for unjust enrichment?

26 The issues arising in connection with the Agreement are as follows:

(a) Did Tik breach clauses (f), (h), (j) and (k) of the Agreement?

(b) Was it an implied term of the Agreement that the “POLICE” brand of apparel
supplied by Tik were to be fit for the Singapore market? If so, was Tik in
breach of this implied term?

(c) If so, were these breaches repudiatory and were they accepted by the
plaintiffs by agreeing to strike off Sarah Design from the Registry of
Companies in 2008?

(d) If so, are the plaintiffs entitled to the return of $80,000 or
alternatively damages for breach of contract?

(e) Did Tik fraudulently represent to the plaintiffs that: (i) the existing
four outlets selling the “POLICE” brand of apparel were doing well and would
not close down in the near future; and/or (ii) Tik would purchase the
plaintiffs’ share in Sarah Design if the plaintiffs did not wish to continue
the “POLICE” business at any time?

The Trust and Blackmail Claims

The Trust Money

A comment on the alternative claims of an express trust and a resulting trust

27 As noted above, Sarah has relied on _both_ an express trust and a resulting
trust (see [11] above). It is well established that a resulting trust can
arise in two situations. In the first situation, a resulting trust will arise
if a person voluntarily pays money to or purchases property for another
person. The recipient will be presumed to hold the money or property on a
resulting trust for the payer or purchaser. The second situation arises upon
the failure of an express trust to fully exhaust the beneficial interest in
the property. It would be useful to refer to Lord Browne-Wilkinson’s
exposition of the two types of resulting trusts in _Westdeutsche_ _Landesbank_
_Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council_ [1996] AC 669 (“
_Westdeutsche_ ”) at 708 (cited by the Court of Appeal in _Lau Siew Kim v Yeo
Guan Chye Terence and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 (“ _Lau Siew Kim_ ”) at
[34]):

Under existing law a resulting trust arises in two sets of circumstances: (A)
where A makes a voluntary payment to B or pays (wholly or in part) for the
purchase of property which is vested either in B alone or in the joint names
of A and B, there is a presumption that A did not intend to make a gift to B:
the money or property is held on trust for A (if he is the sole provider of
the money) or in the case of a joint purchase by A and B in shares
proportionate to their contributions. It is important to stress that this is
only a  _presumption_ , which presumption is easily rebutted either by the
counter-presumption of advancement or by direct evidence of A's intention to
make an outright transfer: see  _Underhill and Hayton, Law of Trusts and
Trustees_ , pp. 317 et seq.; _Vandervell v. Inland Revenue Commissioners_
[1967] 2 A.C. 291, 312 et seq.; _In re Vandervell's Trusts (No. 2)_ [1974] Ch.
269, 288 et seq. (B) Where A transfers property to B  _on express trusts_ ,
but the trusts declared do not exhaust the whole beneficial interest: ibid.
and _Quistclose Investments Ltd. v. Rolls Razor Ltd (In Liquidation)_ [1970]
A.C. 567. Both types of resulting trust are traditionally regarded as examples
of trusts giving effect to the common intention of the parties. A resulting
trust is not imposed by law against the intentions of the trustee (as is a
constructive trust) but gives effect to his presumed intention. Megarry J. in
_In re Vandervell's Trusts (No. 2)_ suggests that a resulting trust of type
(B) does not depend on intention but operates automatically. I am not
convinced that this is right. If the settlor has expressly, or by necessary
implication, abandoned any beneficial interest in the trust property, there is
in my view no resulting trust: the undisposed-of equitable interest vests in
the Crown as bona vacantia: see _In re West Sussex Constabulary's Widows,
Children and Benevolent (1930) Fund Trusts_ [1971] Ch. 1.

[emphasis in original]

28 The plaintiffs’ statement of claim does not clearly explain which type of
resulting trust is alleged to have arisen in the present case. These are the
relevant paragraphs of the plaintiffs’ pleadings:[note: 76]

**_Trust Money held on Resulting Trust_**

24.Further and in the alternative, in failing to apply the Trust Money towards
the purchase of land and property in China on behalf of and for the benefit of
[Sarah], [Andy] holds the Trust Money on resulting trust for [Sarah].

**_PARTICULARS_**

(a)[Sarah] repeats paragraphs 5 to 11 above.

(b)The Trust Money was given by [Sarah] to [Andy] for the purposes of
purchasing land and property in China.

(c)[Andy] did not buy land and property in China, or at all.

(d)[Sarah]did not intend benefit [_sic_] [Andy].

(e)[Andy] did not return the Trust Money to [Sarah].

[emphasis in original]

Sarah is alleging that the resulting trust arose out of Andy’s failure to
apply the Trust Money towards the purchase of land and property in China. It
appears, therefore, that Sarah was seeking to rely on the second category of
resulting trusts according to the categorisation in _Westdeutsche_. In
particular, it appears that Sarah is relying on a “ _Quistclose_ trust” (_ie_
, the trust which was found to have arisen in _Barclays Bank Ltd v Quistclose
Investments Ltd_ [1970] AC 567). On one view, at least, a _Quistclose_ trust
may be rationalised as a resulting trust arising from a failure to exhaust the
transferor’s beneficial interest because, in a _Quistclose_ trust situation,
money is paid to the transferee for a specific purpose (see _Twinsectra Ltd v
Yardley and others_ [2002] 2 AC 164 at [100] (_per_ Lord Millett, dissenting
on other grounds)):

100 As Sherlock Holmes reminded Dr Watson, when you have eliminated the
impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. I would
reject all the alternative analyses, which I find unconvincing for the reasons
I have endeavoured to explain, and hold the _Quistclose_ trust to be an
_entirely orthodox example of the kind of default trust known as a resulting
trust. The lender pays the money to the borrower by way of loan, but he does
not part with the entire beneficial interest in the money, and in so far as he
does not it is held on a resulting trust for the lender from the outset._
Contrary to the opinion of the Court of Appeal, it is the borrower who has a
very limited use of the money, being obliged to apply it for the stated
purpose or return it. He has no beneficial interest in the money, which
remains throughout in the lender subject only to the borrower's power or duty
to apply the money in accordance with the lender's instructions. _When the
purpose fails, the money is returnable to the lender, not under some new trust
in his favour which only comes into being on the failure of the purpose, but
because the resulting trust in his favour is no longer subject to any power on
the part of the borrower to make use of the money._ Whether the borrower is
obliged to apply the money for the stated purpose or merely at liberty to do
so, and whether the lender can countermand the borrower's mandate while it is
still capable of being carried out, must depend on the circumstances of the
particular case. [emphasis added]

It should be noted that a _Quistclose_ trust does not only arise in a
situation where money was paid as a _loan_ for a specific purpose (see the
decision of the High Court in _Singapore Tourism Board v Children's Media Ltd
and others_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 981 at [157]).

29 However, in Sarah’s opening statement, reference was made to case law on
the first category of resulting trusts, _viz_ , the resulting trust that is
presumed to arise due to, _inter alia_ , a voluntary payment.[note: 77] The
plaintiffs’ closing submissions also refer to the first category.[note: 78] I
am willing to accept that the first category of resulting trusts need not be
specifically pleaded because it is a rebuttable presumption of law that arises
due to certain circumstances (see _Lau Siew Kim_ at [46]). The underlying
circumstances giving rise to the presumption of resulting trust must of course
be pleaded because they are material facts. Having said that, I entertained
some doubt as to whether it is open to parties to rely on an express trust as
a primary case and a presumption of a resulting trust in the alternative. The
basis of the presumption of a resulting trust is the “common-sense presumption
that, outside of certain relationships, an owner of property never intends to
make a gift…” (see _Lau Siew Kim_ at [36]). In contrast, an express trust is
premised on an _actual_ intention to convey property on trust (see _Snell’s
Equity_ (John McGhee QC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2010) at paras
21–019 to 21–020):

_(a)_ _Express trust._ An express trust is created by the **_actual
intention_** of the person in whom the property is vested, as where A declares
himself a trustee of Whiteacre for B, or conveys it to C on trust for B. The
intention may be apparent from the express use of the words “trust” in the
relevant instrument or gathered by inference from A’s words or conduct.

_(b) Resulting trust._ A resulting trust arises by operation of law, though in
response to a **_legal presumption about the intentions of the person who
transfers the property_** which becomes subject to the trust. If A transfers
property to B when it is unclear whether A intends B to have the beneficial
interest in it, then B may hold the property on resulting trust for A. The
trust arises by operation of law to give effect to a presumption that A did
not intend B to take the property beneficially.

_…_

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics; footnotes
omitted]

The two types of trusts are therefore seemingly inconsistent: one is based on
an _express_ intention and the other is based on a _presumed_ intention.

30 I called for further submissions on this issue.[note: 79] All the parties
referred me to the decision of the High Court in _Lin Chao-Feng_ _v Chuang_
_Hsin-Yi_ [2010] 4 SLR 427 (“ _Lin Chao-Feng_ ”) and submitted that it is
indeed possible for a resulting trust to arise even if an express trust is
being mounted as the primary claim.[note: 80] In _Lin Chao-Feng_ , the
plaintiff claimed that shares held in the name of the defendant were held on
an _express_ trust for him. Although this was not specifically pleaded in his
statement of claim, the plaintiff also sought to argue that the shares were
held on a resulting trust. The High Court held that the plaintiff was entitled
to put forward an alternative case of a resulting trust (see _Lin Chao-Feng_
at [15]):

15 Having considered paras 4 and 5 of the statement of claim, _I have come to
the conclusion that the plaintiff is entitled to put forward an express trust
and, in the alternative, a resulting trust_. It is a basic principle of
pleading that facts not law have to be pleaded and once the material facts
have been averred, the legal consequences of the same can be developed in
submissions. This means that in order for the plaintiff to argue that there
was a resulting trust he must plead the necessary factual ingredients on which
a legal submission of resulting trust can be made.

[emphasis added]

It does not appear from the report of the decision that it was argued that the
alternative case of a resulting trust could not be maintained because it was
logically inconsistent with the primary case of an express trust. The holding
at [15] of _Lin Chao-Feng_ was simply in the context of an argument that the
alternative case of a resulting trust was not expressly pleaded.

31 There is also an English case in which an express trust was put forth as
the primary case theory, with an alternative case theory premised on resulting
trust analysis. In _Close Invoice Finance Ltd v Abaowa_ [2010] EWHC 1920 (“
_Close Invoice Finance_ ”), an intervener sought a declaration that she was
the true beneficial owner of property held in her daughter’s name. She had two
bases for her declaratory claim. She primarily asserted that her daughter held
the property on an express trust for her due to a declaration of trust.
Alternatively, she claimed that a resulting trust arose because of her
provision of funds to pay for the deposit for the purchase of the property and
her contributions to various expenses, including mortgage payments. The court
found that the claim for an express trust failed on the evidence as well as
non-compliance with s 53(1)(b) of the Law of Property Act 1925 (c 20) (UK)
(see _Close Invoice Finance_ at [87]). However, on the alternative claim, the
court found that the intervener was the beneficiary of a resulting trust in
the amount of the deposit that she paid for the property (see _Close Invoice
Finance_ at [116]). Again, no argument seems to have been made that a
resulting trust could not be sustained as an alternative claim where the
primary case is one of express trust. However, it would also appear that the
alternative bases mounted in _Close Invoice Finance_ did not involve taking
inconsistent _factual_ positions.

32 In my view, a resulting trust could not be mounted as an alternative case
where the primary case of an express trust entails an inconsistent factual
position. I find support for this view in a recent authority on the
possibility of maintaining alternative and inconsistent causes of action. The
Court of Appeal in _Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another_ [2012] 1
SLR 457 (“ _Ng Chee Weng_ ”) considered the extent to which parties may plead
alternative and _inconsistent_ claims in the context of an application for
leave to amend a statement of claim. The case involved a dispute over
dividends paid on shares held by the respondent. The appellant claimed that
the respondent held those shares on trust for him. The procedural history of
the appeal was somewhat complicated. For present purposes, however, it is
sufficient to note that the appellant had initially only claimed for the
dividends paid on those shares. He later sought to amend his statement of
claim to mount a primary case that a sum of $4.5m was due to him on the basis
of a settlement agreement that the parties had concluded. He then sought to
claim the dividends as an _alternative_ cause of action if the court found
that there was no settlement agreement (see _Ng Chee Weng_ at [9]). The
respondent argued that the amendment was not permissible because, _inter alia_
, the two causes of action were inconsistent. The court noted that the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) do not expressly consider whether
inconsistent alternatives may be pleaded (see _Ng Chee Weng_ at [31]). After
considering the position at common law, the court concluded that our law
permits the pleading of alternative rights provided that the alternatives do
not go against common sense or justice (see _Ng Chee Weng_ at [35]–[36]). An
illustration of a situation where inconsistent causes of action would offend
common sense is “when the pleader has _actual knowledge_ of which alternative
is true” (see _Ng Chee Weng_ at [37] [emphasis added]). A further prerequisite
to pleading alternatives is that the facts for the alternative claims must not
be mixed up and must be separately stated (see _Ng Chee Weng_ at [39]). The
following observation is particularly apt:

35 The above principles were endorsed and qualified by our High Court in
_Chong_ _Poh Siew v Chong_ _Poh_ _Heng_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 188 ("_Chong_ _Poh
Siew_ "), where MPH Rubin J held (at [61] and [62]) that:

... Given the conflicting nature of the interests, I am of the opinion that
this alternative plea is simply not available to the plaintiff. It is settled
law that a plaintiff may rely on several different rights alternatively though
they may be inconsistent (_per_ Brett LJ in _Philipps v Philipps_ (1878) 4 QBD
127 at 134). ...

Though the plaintiff is technically the legal owner of the disputed share by
virtue of the deed of assignment, having regard to his underlying stance
denying the existence of the trust on which the court has reached a finding
unfavourable to him, _it will not, in my opinion, commune with common sense
and justice_ to order the release of the proceeds of the disputed share to
him. ...

[emphasis added]

36 The suggestion in _Chong_ _Poh Siew_ that, while a party has the right to
plead inconsistent rights in the alternative, the alternatives cannot offend
common sense and justice represents the law in Singapore. Indeed, in
_Brailsford v Tobie_ (1888) 10 ALT 194 ("_Brailsford_ "), it was held that an
exception to the general rule is that alternative statements of fact are not
permitted if one statement or the other must, to the knowledge of the pleader,
be false.

37 This exception highlights the tension the law faces in deciding whether or
not to permit parties to plead inconsistent causes of action in the
alternative. While the pleader should be free to plead inconsistent causes of
action in the alternative, the inconsistency cannot - particularly in relation
to the facts pleaded - offend common sense. One obvious example of an
inconsistency that will offend common sense is when the pleader has actual
knowledge of which alternative is true, as was the case in  _Brailsford_.

…

39 Applying the above principles to the facts of the present appeal, we are of
the view that the approach taken in  _Chong_ _Poh Siew_ is sound and that the
Appellant is not precluded from pleading the inconsistent causes of action in
the  _alternative_ , as long as the facts are not mixed up and are stated
separately in order to demonstrate on what facts each alternative relief is
based.

On the facts, the court found that it was permissible for the appellant to
plead the alternative causes of action. The facts underlying each claim were
separately pleaded (see _Ng Chee Weng_ at [40]).

33 Applying the principles in _Ng Chee Weng_ to the present case, I find that
the alternative bases pleaded by Sarah as regards the Trust Money do not
offend common sense because in either event, Sarah is essentially relying on
the same factual matrix that the Trust Money was paid to Andy for the purpose
of investing in the Shenyang Shop and the Airport Land insofar as the
resulting trust that Sarah is pursuing is a _Quistclose_ trust. As for the
_presumption_ of a resulting trust, although the factual basis for the
presumption (_viz_ , the payment of the Trust Money to Andy without any
consideration in return) is different from the basis for the express trust
claim, the factual bases are not inconsistent. In one sense it is correct that
Sarah is relying on _actual_ knowledge of the reason why she paid the Trust
Money in support of her express trust claim which may appear to be
inconsistent with the alternative presumption of a resulting trust claim which
relies on a _presumed_ intention that Andy was not to benefit from the Trust
Money. However, these alternative claims do not entail inconsistent factual
positions.

34 In any case, my view is not strictly essential to the resolution of the
present case. The threshold factual issue as to the reason why Sarah paid Andy
the Trust Money is relevant to and determinative of both the express trust and
resulting trust claims. If the Trust Money was paid as a gift, it would follow
that Sarah could not have paid the Trust Money on an express trust and, by the
same token, any presumption of a resulting trust would have been rebutted.
This issue would only be material if there was insufficient evidence for me to
make a finding on a balance of probabilities as to whether the Trust Money was
paid as a gift. In that situation, the burden of proof would be crucial.
However, as will be seen below, there is sufficient evidence for me to make a
finding as to the purpose for which the Trust Money was paid.

35 I turn now to consider Sarah’s primary case that the Trust Money was paid
to Andy on express trust.

Was the Trust Money paid to Andy on express trust?

36 Andy accepts that he did receive the Trust Money from Sarah but claims that
it was a gift to him on account of their intimate relationship. It is
significant to bear in mind that the only competing case theory put forward by
Sarah was that the Trust Money was paid to Andy on express trust for the
purchase of the Shenyang Shop and the Airport land. There is no alternative
factual case that the Trust Money was loaned to Andy. The starting point is to
examine the evidence adduced by Sarah in support of the express trust.
Typically one would expect some objective evidence to support such a claim but
none was adduced by Sarah. This is all the more surprising given that Sarah is
a financial consultant and a real estate agent.

37 First, Sarah has no documentary evidence whatsoever to support her claim
that the Trust Money was paid for the purpose of purchasing properties in
China. I note that Sarah has explained that the reason why she did not have
any documentation to support the purchase of the properties was because Tik
had advised her to avoid documentation so that: (a) her money would be safe
with Andy; and (b) her husband would not be able to trace the money without
documentation.[note: 81] I do not accept her explanation. It does not make
sense for Sarah to allege that she did not want any documentation to trace her
approximately $600,000 investment for the Shenyang Shop and the Airport Land
because of her concerns about her husband’s fidelity and yet she was quite
prepared to sign the Agreement in respect of the “POLICE” brand of apparel for
a significantly smaller investment of $80,000.

38 Second, even if I were to accept Sarah’s explanations for the lack of
documentation, there was no reason why she could not have _orally_ obtained
basic particulars of the properties such as, for example, the address of the
properties and their land area. There was no reason for Sarah to have been
content with a general description of the properties as “a shop near the
Shenyang China Bus and Railway Terminal” and “a piece of land near the
airport”.[note: 82]

39 Third, the general and somewhat _vague_ descriptions of the properties only
emerged at a late stage in these proceedings:

(a) Sarah filed her original statement of claim on 10 July 2009. It originally
pleaded that the Blackmail Money (_ie_ , $50,000) was part of the Trust Money
used to purchase land in China.[note: 83] Furthermore, Sarah did not provide
particulars of the land that was alleged to have been purchased for her in
China. She simply claimed that the Trust Money and the Blackmail Money was
given “to purchase land and property in China”.[note: 84]

(b) On 26 October 2009, Sarah obtained leave of the court to amend the writ
and the statement of claim. The amendment to the writ was to include the
second plaintiff as a party to the action.[note: 85] The amendments to the
statement of claim were to include the Contract Claims.[note: 86]
Significantly, Sarah did not use this opportunity to include particulars on
the property that was allegedly purchased with the Trust Money. The Blackmail
Money continued to be reflected as part of the Trust Money.[note: 87]

(c) Almost a year later, on 27 September 2010, the plaintiffs obtained leave
of the court to amend the statement of claim for the second time. It was only
on this occasion that the plaintiffs pleaded that the Trust Money was used to
purchase the Shenyang Shop and the Airport Land (see [9] above).[note: 88] The
plaintiffs also removed the Blackmail Money from the definition of the Trust
Money[note: 89] and made separate claims in respect of the Blackmail
Money.[note: 90]

40 If Sarah’s claim that the Trust Money was meant for the purchase of the
Shenyang Shop and Airport Land was true, there was no reason for her not to
have pleaded it at the outset. It took her more than a year from the filing of
her original statement of claim to include those _vague_ particulars which, if
true, must have been known to her from the very beginning of the proceedings.

41 Accordingly, I find that Sarah has failed to prove her primary case based
on express trust as there is simply no evidence to establish the alleged
purpose of the payment. As the alternative _Quistclose_ trust claim is
premised on the same factual basis, _ie_ , that the Trust Money was given for
the purpose of investing in the Shenyang Shop and the Airport Land, it must
follow that that resulting trust likewise fails. I turn now to consider the
evidence relating to Andy’s case that the Trust Money was given to him as a
gift. This inquiry is relevant as regards Sarah’s claim based on the
_presumption_ of a resulting trust.

Was the Trust Money a gift to Andy?

42 Having considered all the evidence, I find on a balance of probabilities
that Sarah paid the Trust Money to Andy as a gift. I elaborate below.

(1) SMS messages that Sarah sent to Andy

43 Andy was able to reproduce some SMS messages sent by Sarah to him in late
2008 and early 2009 which suggested that he was in an intimate relationship
with Sarah. The SMS messages are tabulated below with abbreviations and
typographical errors intact:[note: 91]

Date |  Message  
---|---  
14 October 2008 |  Pls do not say I love u to me again. _Just find any man who will give me 700k w no strings attach n I will say I love u._ Do not make me angry. _When I asked u to mortgage the property to loan me the $, u refused. So don’t I love u again w me._  
22 November 2008 |  I also don’t understand u. _Becos of u I owe bank $500k._ Must pay bank 7k each month. My 150k saving also go 2 u. My hubby 100k also. Every month I hv to earn 7k else bank will call me non stop n u can still say all those things. Who will help me now. Just becos I keep quiet, u think I m ok. I cry in my heart everyday. U just wait for $ to fall fr sky. I wish I can do that.  
24 November 2008 |  _Sorry dear_. Really do not hv spare $. Insurance n housing down n m not sure if I can pay up the mortgage for next month. U really hv to find other people. I cannot borrow $ fr my sisters as they all think I m rich. Nobody would guess I m so broke.  
17 January 2009 |  Can meet u at orchard road Liat tower burger king at 12 today.  
19 January 2009 |  Is it only a air ticket. Will check w my friend how much a air ticket cost n will pay for the air ticket. The rest is up to u.  
_I never said I love n I never love u n don’t need yr love. Pls erase my
number n I hv nothing to do w u. U don’t hv to pay me the 700k. Just my bad
luck._ Good bye forever.  
Sori. I can only pay for air ticket. M thinking 2 to 3k. since hv to pay 7k
mortgage every month. If u can’t accept, do what yr heart wants. God will know
the truth I do not hv 100k of my own other than those in CPF. _U can hate me.
No diff. Love me also harm me. May as well hate me._  
20 January 2009 |  Will not reply yr sms anymore. I cannot give u something I don’t hv. My CPF has 100K. Penang is right. Cash I can help you 2 to 3k. _Sori if I owe in the previous life, will pay in my next life._ Will not blame u if u go penang. If he so true he will know we can’t withdraw CPF $.  
21 January 2009 |  This morning went to waterloo guang yin temple. _Told goddess I do not hv $ to give u if god willing, help me strike 4D n will give u all $ I strike_. Bought me tel no 0848 $100. I seldom buy 4D. Came out 0448 n 0948. Now u can go ask penang to help u find someone else to help u. I believe in waterloo guan yin. She knows best. Gd bye.  
22 January 2009 |  U hv really become so low class. What u going to say when they ask u how u going to pay tee yok kiat. _U r going to say I owe u in previous life._ SO this life u don’t work n go around asking n cheating people $. Pls wake up n start working n stop being a useless person.  
I lost so much $ n each day I work hard. I ask no one to pity me. Not even my
family. They wonder why I so rich n yet work so hard. Yet u can be lazy for
the last 3 years. Now can come blackmail me. This is blackmail in case yr
English so poor. Pls think thr this whole night n ask yourself whether u doing
the right thing. Tomorrow go waterloo quan yin n ask goddess if u doing the
right thing.  
My my. U really worst than a paria dog.  
23 January 2009 |  Andy. Can we meet at 11.30am today. R u staying at woodland.I meet u at civic plaza. Tq  
Ok. We meet at 10.30am?  
Meet first. Will u b able to be there at 10.30 or you prefer 11am.  
Will help u. Meet u at 11am?  
M on the way. 11.10am.  
_Will pass in 50K on 1 condition. U r out of my life completely forever_ … No
sms etc. Unless just to say u hv deposited $ to my ac if u want to.  
Now will go bank n tell me where u r n will pass u the $.  
  
  

[emphasis added]

44 From the above SMS messages (particularly those which have been
italicised), it is clear that the relationship between Sarah and Andy was more
than an owner/contractor relationship. The use of a term of endearment “
_Sorry dear_ ” [emphasis added] is not consistent with Sarah’s account of the
nature of her relationship. The words “ _[j]ust find any man who will give me
700k w no strings attach n I will say I love u”, “I never said I love n I
never love u n don’t need yr love_ ”, “ _U can hate me. No diff. Love me also
harm me. May as well hate me”_ and “ _Sori if I owe in the previous life, will
pay in my next life_ ” [emphasis added] suggest that Sarah and Andy were
having a disagreement over the latter’s request for money which led to Sarah
saying that she never loved Andy. From her response, it can be inferred that
Andy was reminding Sarah of her previous expressions of love. In another SMS
message of 23 January 2009, Sarah finally agreed to give Andy $50,000 (which
is the subject matter of the Blackmail Money claim) “ _on 1 condition. U r out
of my life completely forever_ ” [emphasis added]. This is in itself a clear
acknowledgment that Andy was at one time in Sarah’s life. The tone of the
exchange does not strike me as consistent with a disagreement between a
contractor and a client or even a disagreement between trusted friends but it
is more consistent with Sarah and Andy having shared a prior relationship of
some intimacy.

45 There were calls and SMS messages from both the first and second defendants
intervening between these messages.[note: 92] Andy deleted the messages that
he had sent Sarah. Sarah sought to recover the deleted SMS messages which Andy
had sent Sarah. Andy claimed that he had deleted them because he felt “pain in
[his] heart” when he looked at the messages.[note: 93] There were also some
SMS messages from Sarah which were not disclosed.[note: 94] An attempt was
made to recover the deleted SMS messages from Andy’s mobile phone. On 7 July
2011, an expert retained by the plaintiffs was not able to retrieve the
deleted SMS messages because the screen of Andy’s mobile phone was defective.
The expert was able to download the _existing_ data on the mobile phone
(without the deleted data) onto a “portable flash drive”.[note: 95] Andy
retained the portable flash drive and refused to allow Sarah to keep a copy of
this data. Andy was then asked to repair the screen of his mobile phone. Sarah
agreed to pay for the costs of the repair after Andy had requested her to do
so. On 11 July 2011, Andy informed Sarah that he had lost his mobile phone and
had made a police report.[note: 96] Sarah then requested for a copy of the
police report as well as a copy of the portable flash drive. Andy did not
respond but during the hearing, Andy informed the court that he had lost the
portable flash drive.[note: 97] Sarah invited the court to draw an adverse
inference that the deleted messages were sent by Andy “to blackmail her for
more money” and that the “relationship between them was not one of lovers but
rather one of blackmailer and victim”.[note: 98]

46 Although it would be useful to examine the deleted SMS messages, the
language adopted by Sarah in her SMS messages is, in my view, more consistent
with the existence of a prior intimate relationship rather than that of a
blackmailer and victim. Further, I do not see how the deleted messages would
have changed the context or interpretation of the messages that I have
referred to above (see [43]–[44] above). In any event, “the portable flash
drive” did not contain the deleted messages (see [45] above).

47 In fact, one of the messages went further to suggest that the Trust Money
was a gift:

Pls do not say I love u to me again. _Just find any man who will give me 700k
w no strings attach_ n I will say I love u. Do not make me angry. When I asked
u to mortgage the property to _loan_ me the $, u refused. So don’t I love u
again w me. [emphasis added]

In this message, Sarah in effect was telling Andy that she had given him the
sum of $700,000 with “no strings attached” and was referring to a previous
occasion when she had requested Andy to mortgage some property. There was some
dispute as to the identity of the property referred to in this message.
According to Andy, Sarah was referring to some property that he had purchased
in Russia.[note: 99] According to Sarah, the property she was referring to was
the Shenyang Shop.[note: 100] What is significant is that _on Sarah’s version_
, she had asked for the Shenyang Shop to be mortgaged and for the proceeds of
the mortgage to be _loaned_ to her. If indeed the Trust Money was paid to Andy
on trust, she would not have asked for the proceeds of the mortgage of the
property purchased with that money to be _loaned_ to her. She would have been
fully entitled to simply demand that Andy pay her the entire sale proceeds. It
would also be incongruous for Sarah to request Andy to mortgage property to
loan money to her if their relationship was not intimate or at least close. Of
course there is the all-important question as to why Sarah would hand over a
substantial sum in excess of $600,000 to Andy, a contractor who she had
recently met, to invest in properties in China without any documentary
evidence. According to Sarah, she was under the “black magic” spell of
Tik.[note: 101] I find her explanation to be a contrived afterthought in a
hopeless attempt to distract from the truth that she was engaged in an
intimate relationship with Andy. There is also no suggestion by Sarah that Tik
received any of the Trust Money. This becomes clearer when other objective
evidence is examined below.

(2) The Bangkok Trip and the Malacca Trip

48 Andy claimed to have had sexual intercourse with Sarah during a trip to
Bangkok, Thailand (“the Bangkok Trip”) and Malacca, Malaysia (“the Malacca
Trip”) in March and April 2005, respectively.[note: 102]

49 In relation to the Bangkok Trip, Sarah referred to inconsistencies in the
affidavits filed by Andy in interlocutory proceedings. In an affidavit dated 6
November 2009, Andy had deposed that he had stayed overnight with Sarah on 10
March 2005 during the Bangkok Trip.[note: 103] Sarah’s husband then deposed in
an affidavit that Sarah was with him on the two nights of the Bangkok
Trip.[note: 104] This led Andy to state in a further affidavit dated 7
December 2009 that he recalled that Sarah did not stay with him overnight on
10 March 2005.[note: 105] Sarah also pointed out that Andy was unable to
recall the name of the five-star hotel in which Andy alleged that they had
checked into together and that Andy did not attempt to retrieve documentary
evidence to support the fact that they had checked into such a hotel even
though Andy had done so for another hotel.[note: 106] Sarah further referred
to her husband’s evidence on the times at which he saw Sarah during the
Bangkok Trip which contradicted Andy’s version (in an interlocutory affidavit)
on the time when Sarah left him during the two nights of the Bangkok
Trip.[note: 107] Sarah also denied Andy’s allegation that she had paid for
Andy’s hotel room during the Bangkok Trip.[note: 108]

50 In my view, the undisputed evidence about what transpired during the
Bangkok Trip also suggests that Sarah and Andy had a much closer relationship
than what one would ordinarily expect of a contractor and his client. Sarah
does not dispute having travelled to Bangkok with Andy.[note: 109] Although
this was disputed by Andy[note: 110], she claims that Andy booked her air
ticket to Bangkok on her behalf.[note: 111] It was not disputed that Sarah
informed Andy that she was going to Bangkok to check on her husband, although
I should add that Andy’s purpose for going to Bangkok was disputed.[note: 112]
There is also no dispute that Sarah used her American International Assurance
corporate credit card to book Andy’s hotel room at Arnoma Hotel in
Bangkok.[note: 113] Why would Sarah have agreed to book the hotel room with
her credit card for her contractor and run the risk that he might run up a
huge bill? These undisputed facts in relation to the Bangkok Trip are simply
not consistent with a relationship of a contractor and a client. When viewed
with the other objective evidence, in particular the evidence of the Malacca
Trip and the above SMS messages, these undisputed facts appear more consistent
with the parties having an intimate relationship.

51 I turn now to consider the differing accounts of the Malacca Trip. Sarah
initially denied having made the Malacca Trip or having ever stayed at Hotel
Grand Continental Melaka in Malacca (“Hotel Grand Continental”) in an
affidavit she deposed to in support of her application for summary
judgment.[note: 114] She exhibited a copy of all the endorsements on her
passport for the period between 11 February 2003 and 11 February 2008 and
relied on an absence of any stamp on her passport to demonstrate that she did
not make the Malacca Trip.[note: 115] This was, however, misleading because
Sarah is a Malaysian national and therefore her passport would not show any
stamps for her visits to Malaysia in any event. She later admitted that she
made the Malacca Trip, albeit that she made the trip alone.[note: 116] She
explained that she realised that she had made the Malacca Trip after she made
checks following Andy’s production of a hotel invoice with her name as the
guest.[note: 117]

52 Andy’s evidence on the Malacca Trip was that Sarah had driven to the
Genting Highlands casino resort to collect some casino brochures so that she
could tell her husband that she had lost the money at the casino if her
husband were to ask about the money which she had decided to give to
Andy.[note: 118] Andy was able to produce an invoice[note: 119] which, on its
face, stated that two persons had checked into a hotel room at Hotel Grand
Continental (“the Malacca Hotel Room Invoice”). He also produced a hotel
receipt for dinner at Hotel Grand Continental (“the Dinner Invoice”) during
the trip. The Dinner Invoice[note: 120], again on its face, stated that two
persons had dinner. These invoices were exhibited in an interlocutory
affidavit that Andy had filed on _6 November 2009_ in response to the
plaintiffs’ application for summary judgment.[note: 121]

53 Sarah testified that her husband would not have believed that she lost
money through gambling because Sarah’s father had lost his fortune to
gambling, which caused Sarah to have an aversion to gambling.[note: 122] Sarah
also referred to her evidence that she was physically incapable of driving to
Genting Highlands and then to Malacca because the trip “would have been far
too taxing for her”.[note: 123] In this regard, Sarah referred to an
inconsistency in Andy’s account of the person who drove during the Malacca
Trip. Andy’s evidence in his AEIC was that the person who drove the car was
Sarah.[note: 124] However, in his opening statement, Andy took the position
that he took turns with Sarah to drive during the Malacca Trip.[note: 125]

54 I accept Andy’s version of what transpired during the Malacca Trip. Andy’s
version was corroborated by objective evidence, _viz_ , the Malacca Hotel Room
Invoice and the Dinner Invoice. I am not satisfied with Sarah’s explanation
for the invoices. Despite having advance notice of these invoices since late
2009, in her AEIC, which was affirmed on _24 May 2011_ , Sarah did not provide
any explanation for these invoices. It was only in her supplementary AEIC,
which was affirmed on 8 July 2011, that Sarah deposed that she had obtained
confirmation from one Ms Audrey Lim from Hotel Grand Continental that she had
checked into the hotel room by herself.[note: 126] Sarah referred to a letter
from Ms Audrey Lim[note: 127], which she claimed demonstrated that she was at
the hotel alone.[note: 128] According to Sarah, this letter was admissible
under s 32(b) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) notwithstanding that
the manager was not called as a witness.[note: 129] Her solicitors attempted
to ask Ms Audrey Lim to testify as a witness at this trial which was
originally scheduled from 11 to 20 July 2011.[note: 130] Ms Audrey Lim
responded that she was unable to do so due to a “business trip
assignment”.[note: 131]

55 I am not satisfied that Ms Audrey Lim’s attendance could not be procured
without an unreasonable amount of delay or expense. As alluded to above (see
[4]), after sitting for a day, the first tranche of the trial was vacated due
to an unforeseen health problem involving Tik’s lead counsel. Sarah did not
produce any documentary evidence of her attempts to contact Ms Audrey Lim to
attend the resumed trial of this matter. She merely told the court that she
had called Ms Audrey Lim who had told her that she had left Hotel Grand
Continental.[note: 132] In any case, even if the letter was admissible, it was
of little use because it was inherently ambiguous. The letter, so far as
material, states as follows:

…

This is to certify that [Sarah] have [_sic_] made a booking with us in Hotel
Grand Continental Melaka on the 17/04/2005.

This guest have [_sic_] made a booking of 1 Superior Single room (_1 person
check-in only_), inclusive of breakfast for 1 pax at the rate of RM
115.00nett.

…

[emphasis added]

It was not clear to me if the words “1 person check-in only” was a statement
that only one person had actually checked-into the room or, alternatively,
that Sarah had made a booking for a room in which only one person was entitled
to check-in. This difference in potential meaning is material because, as
mentioned at [52], Andy has also produced an invoice from Hotel Grand
Continental, _viz_ , the Malacca Hotel Room Invoice, which stated that two
persons had checked-into the hotel room. Ms Audrey Lim’s letter did not also
attempt to explain why the Malacca Hotel Room Invoice stated that two persons
had checked-into the hotel room. Since Ms Audrey Lim’s letter did not
unequivocally state that Sarah checked-into the hotel room by herself and did
not explain the Malacca Hotel Room Invoice, I would not have placed much
weight on her letter even if it was admissible.

56 Turning to the Dinner Invoice, Sarah did not provide any explanation for
this invoice in her AEIC despite having had notice of the invoice since 6
November 2009 (see [52] above). It was only in her responses to questions
during cross-examination by Tik’s counsel that Sarah came up with an
explanation that she had dinner with a Malay gentleman to discuss the
development of some land in Pengerang, Malaysia for a driving range.[note:
133] I do not accept her belated explanation because no satisfactory reason
was offered to explain her failure to depose to this alleged dinner with the
Malay gentleman in her AEIC. Her only explanation for the delay was that, even
at the time of her testimony in court, she was not sure who she was dining
with:[note: 134]

COURT: |  But, Ms Tee, Mr Pang is relying on the invoice [_ie_ , the Dinner Invoice] to prove that you were with him, having dinner at the hotel [_ie_ , Hotel Grand Continental]. It is clear from that invoice that two persons attended the dinner. Why didn’t you state earlier that the person you had dinner with was not Mr Pang but somebody else, _ie_ a Malay gentleman or whatever, and you were discussing something else? Why did you wait for today to give that explanation?  
---|---  
A: |  Your Honour, I think even today for this particular one, I am not sure.  
  
  

57 In fact, her response shows that she was not even sure if she had dinner
with the Malay gentleman and hence was not in a position to contradict Andy’s
evidence that she had dinner with him. In my view, this explanation was
concocted by Sarah when she was cornered with clear objective evidence that
she was not alone for the Malacca Trip as she had claimed. The inference is
that Sarah was with Andy for the Malacca Trip. How else would Andy have come
into possession of the Malacca Hotel Room Invoice and the Dinner Invoice?
According to Sarah, she claimed that Andy must have removed the Malacca Hotel
Room Invoice and the Dinner Invoice from her car when she gave him a
lift.[note: 135] This was yet another fallacious explanation by Sarah. This
inference is further supported by her initial denial of the Malacca Trip
altogether and her misleading reliance on the absence of entry stamps in her
passport (see [51] above).

58 Finally there is undisputed evidence that on the morning of 16 April 2005,
the first day of the Malacca Trip, Sarah sent Andy two SMS messages at 6.42am
and at 7.36am respectively. The parties disputed the reason for the messages.
According to Andy, the message at 6.42am was a wake-up call from Sarah[note:
136] while the message at 7.36am was to inform him that she was waiting to
pick up Andy.[note: 137] Sarah, however, claims that the messages were to
inform him that she was leaving for Malaysia and for him to keep an eye on her
husband.[note: 138] Sending SMS messages at such an early hour even if for the
purpose of asking Andy to check on her husband is entirely inconsistent with
an owner/contractor relationship. On balance, I find that the SMS messages
sent by Sarah on the morning of 16 April 2005 were for the purpose of
arranging the pick up for the Malacca Trip. This further corroborates Andy’s
evidence that he was with Sarah for the Malacca Trip.

(3) Evidence suggesting that Sarah did not pay for some renovations

59 Andy testified that he started an intimate relationship with Sarah after
she retained him to conduct works or renovations for her at an apartment at
Balestier Road (“the Balestier Road Apartment”) and at her apartment at Dairy
Farm Estate.[note: 139] As evidence of their intimacy, Andy claimed that he
did not charge Sarah for the works or renovations at the Balestier Road
Apartment and for another apartment at the Castle Green Condominium which
belonged to Sarah’s client (“the Castle Green Apartment”).[note: 140] Andy was
able to produce a torn cheque (“the Torn Cheque”) issued by Sarah as evidence
that he did not collect any payment for his work on the Balestier Road
Apartment.[note: 141]

60 Sarah offered a different account for the Torn Cheque. She claimed that she
paid Andy in cash for the renovations at the Balestier Apartment at his
request because he wanted to pay his workers who were going back to Malaysia
for the Chinese New Year holidays.[note: 142] She claimed that Andy tore the
Torn Cheque in her presence after she handed him the cash payment.[note: 143]

61 As for the Castle Green Apartment, Sarah was able to produce an invoice
apparently issued by Bumi Megah which she claimed was evidence that she had
paid for the renovations.[note: 144] Andy’s explanation for this invoice was
that he had given Sarah blank Bumi Megah invoices for her to render invoices
to her own client even though Sarah did not actually pay Andy for it.[note:
145] It cannot be gainsaid that Andy did provide the blank invoices to Sarah
since Sarah admitted that the handwriting on the invoice was indeed
hers.[note: 146] She claims that it was given to her in blank because Andy’s
written English was poor.[note: 147] However, it is clear from the evidence
that Andy could write simple English as he had written out a cheque for
Sarah.[note: 148] Such an arrangement is again not consistent with an
owner/contractor relationship. It has to be much more. In this regard, Andy
also called his sister (_ie_ , Ms Pang) as a witness who testified that it was
Andy who paid for the renovations at the Castle Green Apartment because Ms
Pang had to account for the renovations to her husband (apparently, her
husband owned Bumi Megah, although Andy was also a partner in the business for
some time).[note: 149]

62 Sarah further argued that Andy lied when he claimed in court that the
invoice was forged, in support of which he produced _another_ invoice with the
words “supply main door castle” written on it to attempt to show that Sarah
had doctored the invoice that she produced.[note: 150] It later turned out
that Andy’s version of the invoice was not the version that was exhibited in
an interlocutory affidavit.[note: 151] Andy then admitted that the additional
words on his version of the invoice were added _by himself_ during a
discussion with his previous solicitor in November 2009.[note: 152] Sarah
submitted that Andy’s explanation was incredible and suggested that he was
either untruthful or had a bad memory.[note: 153]

63 In my view, the Torn Cheque was objective evidence in support of Andy’s
claim that he did not charge Sarah for the Balestier Road Apartment
renovations. Sarah’s explanation for the Torn Cheque was not credible. It does
not make sense for Sarah to have taken the effort to arrange for cash for
Andy’s needs if he was just a contractor to her. As Andy had submitted, if
Andy needed cash, he could have queued up at a bank to cash the cheque.[note:
154] Furthermore, as Andy also submitted, there was no documentary evidence to
support the cash payment. No receipt for the payment was produced. I would
also observe that if Andy was just a contractor to Sarah, she would have taken
back the cheque for cancellation.

(4) The evidence of non-party witnesses

64 Sarah did not challenge the evidence of non-party witnesses, _viz_ , Ms
Pang and Mr Peter Poh (“Mr Poh”), Tik’s former husband, on the nature of
Sarah’s relationship with Andy. Ms Pang had testified that she was aware that
Sarah and her brother, Andy, were having an affair.[note: 155] This aspect of
Ms Pang’s evidence was never challenged. Similarly, in his answers to
questions by Sarah during cross-examination, Mr Poh referred to Andy as
Sarah’s “boyfriend”.[note: 156] Mr Poh went further to suggest that Sarah had
“given” Andy $800,000[note: 157] and that he (_ie_ , Mr Poh) felt that this
was a “high price for the [_ie_ , Andy’s] love”[note: 158]. Sarah did not also
challenge this evidence.

65 As the plaintiffs have submitted in their reply submissions[note: 159], I
accept that the rule in _Browne v Dunn_ (1893) 6 R 67 is not a “rigid or
technical rule” (see _Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas Bank
Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292[note: 160] (“ _Hong Leong_ ”) at [42]). A litigant is
not required to put every aspect of his case to the witness. Only matters that
are critical to his case have to be put (see _Hong Leong_ at [42]). A litigant
also need not put his case if the witness had clear notice that the issue is
disputed (see _Kwee Seng Chio Peter v Biogenics_ _Sdn_ _Bhd_ [2003] 2 SLR(R)
482 at [21]). Turning to the facts of this case, the nature of Sarah’s
relationship with Andy is a critical matter that is decisive of a major part
of her case (_ie_ , her claims for the Trust Money). Hence, Sarah’s version of
her relationship ought to have been put to Ms Pang and Mr Poh. On the other
hand, it was clear from the plaintiffs’ pleadings that Andy’s allegation of an
intimate relationship was disputed. I consider this to be sufficient notice to
the defendants and their witnesses. In the circumstances, I do not attach much
weight to Sarah’s failure to challenge Ms Pang’s and Mr Poh’s evidence on the
nature of the relationship.

66 However, even though I accept that the unchallenged evidence of Ms Pang and
Mr Poh was not _per se_ fatal to Sarah’s case, it still leaves me to consider
the weight of their evidence. Admittedly, Ms Pang was not entirely
disinterested given her familial ties to Andy. However, Mr Poh was Tik’s
_former_ husband. Ms Pang gave unchallenged evidence that Sarah went to visit
her to persuade Andy to return to Singapore so that she could assist him
financially.[note: 161] There is no suggestion and, in any case, there is no
basis to suggest, that the non-party witnesses were in cahoots with either the
first and/or second defendants. I accept their testimony which I find to be
entirely consistent with the objective evidence that Sarah and Andy were
indeed engaged in an intimate relationship.

(5) Andy’s knowledge of Sarah’s breast implant

67 In the course of cross-examining Sarah, Andy stated that he was the first
person to mention in 2009 that Sarah had a breast implant.[note: 162] I asked
him to refer me to documentary evidence to support his assertion that he was
the first person to raise this fact.[note: 163] Andy subsequently referred me
to an affidavit that he deposed to on 6 November 2009 in response to Sarah’s
application for summary judgment. In that affidavit, Andy deposed as follows
at para 18:[note: 164]

When I was in China, [Sarah] intimated to me that she had had a breast implant
and I did notice the enlargement upon meeting her when I returned from China.

Significantly, in her affidavit in reply to this affidavit, Sarah stated as
follows:[note: 165]

_At paragraphs 14 to 19_ of [Andy’s] Affidavit, [Andy] sets out various facts
about me to show that he was having an affair with me. Knowing these facts
about me did not show that I was having an affair with him. _We were friends
and talked on occasions_. Indeed, it was our friendship which made me trust
[Andy] enough to hand over the Trust Money to him for him to invest on my
behalf. [emphasis added]

In this paragraph of her affidavit, which referred, _inter alia_ , to para 18
of Andy’s affidavit of 6 November 2009, Sarah was suggesting that _she did
inform Andy_ of the fact that she had a breast implant because he was her
friend. In my view, such a disclosure of her breast implant is simply
inconsistent with a relationship that one would ordinarily expect of a
contractor and his client or even platonic friends who “talked on occasions”.

68 For completeness, I should say that Sarah suggested a different explanation
during cross-examination as regards Andy’s knowledge of her breast implant.
Sarah seemed to suggest during cross-examination that Andy knew of this fact
through Tik:[note: 166]

Q:Then do you know why I came to know about it [_ie_ , the breast implant]?

A:Your Honour, I don’t know how he get [_sic_] to know it because Tik knew
about it.

I can only say that this explanation was completely different from the
explanation that Sarah offered in her affidavit in reply to Andy’s affidavit
of 6 November 2009 (see [67] above).

(6) Conclusion

69 In preferring Andy’s evidence, I accept that there are some inconsistencies
in his account of his relationship with Sarah: (a) the first time that he had
sexual intercourse with Sarah; (b) the details of his contact with Sarah
during the Bangkok Trip; and (c) the identity of the person who drove the car
during the Malacca Trip. I am, however, willing to accept that these
inconsistencies were due to the imperfections of human memory and the passage
of time. They do not, in any event, alter the body of objective evidence that
the relationship between Andy and Sarah was anything but platonic.

70 In this regard, I note the cautionary observation by the Court of Appeal in
_Ng Chee Chuan v Ng Ai Tee (administratrix of the estate of Yap Yoon Moi,
deceased)_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 918 on the dangers of making findings of fact on
the basis of the credibility of witnesses, particularly in relation to events
which occurred some years ago (at [16]–[17]):

16 While it is no doubt necessary to ascertain the credibility of witnesses in
most cases where the oral evidence of the parties conflict, _it is not always
appropriate to rely primarily on credibility (determined on the basis of
inconsistent testimony) as a basis for drawing factual inferences, especially
where the events in question have taken place many years ago and there are
undisputed objective facts_. _Imperfect memories and uncertain recollections
should not necessarily be treated as impinging on the credibility of a
witness. These are but afflictions which the passage of time will, in varying
degrees, bring to bear on all individuals_.

17 _In this case, the question of the credibility of witnesses should have
played a smaller role in the overall assessment as to where the truth lay
given the presence of contemporaneous documents and undisputed facts_. The
trial judge, in our view, should have drawn inferences from these pieces of
_objective evidence_ instead of reaching conclusions influenced heavily by
what was believed to be the credibility of the parties. … _In a case such as
this, deciding which version of the events is more probable should be based on
the objective facts._

[emphasis added]

71 Given the passage of time, it would, in my view, have been actually
somewhat unusual for Andy to have distinctly recalled fine details of what
happened in his relationship in 2005. In the final analysis, I place more
weight on the objective evidence, particularly the SMS messages and the
Bangkok and Malacca Trips from which a reasonable inference could be drawn
that Sarah and Andy were engaged in an intimate relationship.

72 For all the above reasons, I find on a balance of probabilities that the
Trust Money was given to Andy as a gift because of his relationship with
Sarah.

The relevance of Conway

73 In view of my conclusion that the Trust Money was a gift, it is not
necessary for me to address the multitude of further issues that would have
arisen had I held that the Trust Money was paid on trust. Nevertheless, I
should make some observations on one aspect of Sarah’s claim, _viz_ , her
allegations in relation to Conway, in the light of the emphasis that she has
placed on the defendants’ involvement in Conway.

74 In her pleadings, Sarah claimed that the defendants breached the trust over
the Trust Money by using it for the benefit of Conway.[note: 167] She also
claims that by misapplying the Trust Money for the benefit of Conway, Tik has
either knowingly assisted in the breach of trust and/or knowingly received
monies in breach of trust.[note: 168] Conway also features in Sarah’s claims
in resulting trust[note: 169], conspiracy[note: 170] and restitution[note:
171].

75 In the first place, Sarah has not even come close to establishing on the
evidence how the Trust Money, which was paid in 2005, had any relation to
Conway, which was only incorporated on 23 February 2009.[note: 172]
Furthermore, I do not see what value Conway adds to Sarah’s claim for breach
of trust and in her claim in resulting trust. If she was able to establish
that the Trust Money was held on either an express trust or a resulting trust,
Andy’s failure to account for the Trust Money would have, without more,
entitled her to the Trust Money.

The Blackmail Money

76 I also find on a balance of probabilities that the Blackmail Money was paid
as a gift.

77 Sarah’s evidence was that on or around 15 January 2009, Andy demanded to
see Sarah’s husband.[note: 173] According to her, he also threatened to tell
Sarah’s husband that she was having an affair with him and that she had given
him the Trust Money.[note: 174] On Tik’s advice[note: 175], Sarah met Andy on
or around 17 January 2009 to discuss his demands.[note: 176] In response to
Andy’s request for money, Sarah said that she did not have money to give
him.[note: 177] Sarah claimed that from around 19 January to 22 January 2009,
Andy sent her SMS messages to harass her for money.[note: 178] He also told
her that he was watching her and monitoring her movements.[note: 179] Tik
apparently advised Sarah not to make a police report about Andy’s
blackmail.[note: 180] According to Sarah, Andy then threatened to harass her
children, her parents-in-law and her sister.[note: 181] Apparently, he told
her that he would see them on 25 January 2009, which was the eve of Chinese
New Year.[note: 182] Sarah then consulted Tik about Andy’s threats and
received some advice from her.[note: 183] Sarah claimed that Andy’s threats
caused her to live in constant fear with perpetual worry for the safety of her
children.[note: 184] On or around 23 January 2009, she paid Andy the Blackmail
Money to stop him from threatening and harassing her and her family.[note:
185] Sarah also referred to some of the SMS messages reproduced above (see
[43] above) to support her evidence that she was intimidated and harassed into
paying the Blackmail Money.[note: 186]

78 The objective evidence does not support Sarah’s claim that she was
threatened and harassed into paying the Blackmail Money. The disclosed SMS
messages around the time of the alleged threats and harassment are as follows
(see [43] above for the full list of the disclosed SMS messages):

Date |  Message  
---|---  
17 January 2009 |  Can meet u at orchard road Liat tower burger king at 12 today.  
19 January 2009 |  Is it only a air ticket. Will check w my friend how much a air ticket cost n _will pay for the air ticket. The rest is up to u._  
I never said I love n I never love u n don’t need yr love. Pls erase my number
n I hv nothing to do w u. U don’t hv to pay me the 700k. Just my bad luck.
Good bye forever.  
Sori. I can only pay for air ticket. M thinking 2 to 3k. since hv to pay 7k
mortgage every month. If u can’t accept, do what yr heart wants. God will know
the truth I do not hv 100k of my own other than those in CPF. U can hate me.
No diff. Love me also harm me. May as well hate me.  
20 January 2009 |  Will not reply yr sms anymore. I cannot give u something I don’t hv. My CPF has 100K. Penang is right. Cash I can help you 2 to 3k. Sori if I owe in the previous life, will pay in my next life. Will not blame u if u go penang. If he so true he will know we can’t withdraw CPF $.  
21 January 2009 |  This morning went to waterloo guang yin temple. Told goddess I do not hv $ to give u if god willing, help me strike 4D n will give u all $ I strike. Bought me tel no 0848 $100. I seldom buy 4D. Came out 0448 n 0948. Now u can go ask penang to help u find someone else to help u. I believe in waterloo guan yin. She knows best. Gd bye.  
22 January 2009 |  U hv really _become so low class_. What u going to say when they ask u how u going to pay tee yok kiat. U r going to say I owe u in previous life. SO this life u don’t work n go around asking n cheating people $. Pls wake up n start working n stop being a useless person.  
I lost so much $ n each day I work hard. I ask no one to pity me. Not even my
family. They wonder why I so rich n yet work so hard. Yet u can be _lazy_ for
the last 3 years. Now can come blackmail me. This is blackmail in case _yr
English so poor_. Pls think thr this whole night n ask yourself whether u
doing the right thing. Tomorrow go waterloo quan yin n ask goddess if u doing
the right thing.  
My my. U really worst than a _paria dog_.  
23 January 2009 |  Andy. Can we meet at 11.30am today. R u staying at woodland.I meet u at civic plaza. Tq  
Ok. We meet at 10.30am?  
Meet first. Will u b able to be there at 10.30 or you prefer 11am.  
_Will help u. Meet u at 11am?_  
M on the way. 11.10am.  
_Will pass in 50K on 1 condition. U r out of my life completely forever_ … No
sms etc. Unless just to say u hv deposited $ to my ac if u want to.  
Now will go bank n tell me where u r n will pass u the $.  
  
  

[emphasis added]

79 The SMS messages are indicative that Andy was using his past relationship
to pester Sarah for financial assistance. The only SMS message that is
suggestive that Sarah may have received some form of “threat” from Andy was
the following SMS message sent by Sarah:

I lost so much $ n each day I work hard. I ask no one to pity me. Not even my
family. They wonder why I so rich n yet work so hard. Yet u can be lazy for
the last 3 years. _Now can come blackmail me_. _This is blackmail in case yr
English so poor_. Pls think thr this whole night n ask yourself whether u
doing the right thing. Tomorrow go waterloo quan yin n ask goddess if u doing
the right thing. [emphasis added]

Although Sarah appeared to be telling Andy that he was in fact “blackmailing”
her, the tone of her response in the above message (and in the messages before
and after the above message) did not indicate to me that she was in any way
threatened. She described him as “ _lazy_ ”, a “ _paria dog_ ”, “ _low class_
” and criticised his “ _poor_ ” English [emphasis added]. She agreed to pay
for the cost of an air ticket and nothing more. This is hardly language one
would use in response to a “blackmailer”. Sarah appeared to be annoyed with
Andy’s repeated requests for money. There is no factual basis for me to make a
finding that Andy had threatened Sarah to extract money from her. Neither do I
think that I should draw an adverse inference against Andy due to the
circumstances under which he allegedly lost his mobile phone and the portable
flash drive (see [45] above). In my view, it is possible to infer from the SMS
messages that Sarah eventually agreed albeit reluctantly to assist Andy. This
is borne out in her SMS message of 23 January 2009 when she agreed to give him
the $50,000 on condition that “ _U r out of my life completely forever_ ”
[emphasis added] as well her further SMS message on the day when Sarah paid
Andy the Blackmail Money[note: 187]:

Will help u. Meet u at 11 am.

At best, the language of the SMS messages might be suggestive of some form of
_emotional blackmail_.

80 There is also other evidence to suggest that the threat was not the reason
for Sarah’s payment of the Blackmail Money. Sarah filed a police report on 9
April 2009 (“the Police Report”). This was filed almost three months after the
alleged extortion. The Police Report mentions that Sarah and her family were
threatened:[note: 188]

On January 22 2009 I received a sms from [Andy] that he needs S$100000/- from
me. [Andy] had done contract jobs at my house in year 2005. During that time
he had introduced me to a fortune teller namely [Tik]. [Tik] then informed me
that my husband is having affair [_sic_]. After hearing that I lost trust in
my husband.

During then I sold one shop belonging to both my husband and me and I gave the
amount of $600000 I got from the sale to [Andy] as I did not want my husband
to know where I keep the money. [Andy] informed me that he will invest the
money in China to buy a restaurant and land on behalf of me. However, later he
informed me that he got cheated of the money and he will try to repay me back.
But until now he has not repaid back.

Due to the previous incidents with him I refused to give the S$100000/- but
_he threatened me to watch out and he further tell me that he will come to my
house and cause trouble in my family_. As I did not know what to do, I seek
advise from [Tik] who told me to give S$50000/- to [Andy] to pacify him first.
Listening to that advise I gave him the money but [Andy] continued to ask me
for the remaining S$50000/-. I got suspicious of both [Andy] and [Tik] and
decided to do my personal investigations and I managed to find out that both
[Andy] and [Tik] are conspiring together to get money from me. As such I am
lodging this report for police [_sic_] to look into the matter.

[emphasis added]

However, on 14 July 2010, Sarah filed another report with the Commercial
Affairs Division (“CAD”) which stated as follows (“the CAD Report”):[note:
189]

In furtherance to the police report that I lodged against the two defendants
[_ie_ , the Police Report], I have fresh evidence from my civil litigation
with them vide Suit No. 589 of 2009/E. to suggest that the two defendants had
all along planned and cheated me of my funds.

Through my own checking I found out that they had started a Cabaret Nightclub
business in the name of Conway Corporation Pte Ltd located at 30 Maxwell Road,
Singapore 069114, with a start-up capital of S$50,000/-, which I believed
[_sic_] is from my monies taken from me by [Andy] on 23 Jan 2009. _I gave him
this money in cash as he claimed that he needs it to jump start his business
so that he could pay me what he owed me amounting more than S$600,000/-._
However, after three months of business the nightclub business was terminated.
[Tik] claimed that the club was supported by financial contribution from well
wishes from Terence Desmond Conway and Mark Chin who each contributed
S$100,000/-. In addition one Raymond Lim contributed S$100,000/- for
renovation. This Raymond Lim is the brother in law of [Andy].

I suspect that they do not have the intention to run the business long term as
they knew for a fact that the liquor licence would not be approved. [Andy]
only applied for the liquor licence [on] 16 Apr 2009, after they had operated
for two weeks. This is evidence [_sic_] in their company’s bank account
statement which indicated credit card transaction incurred from 7 Apr 2009. In
fact they continued to operate till 30 Apr 2009. I also noticed from the
statement of account that there were many cash cheque withdrawals made from
the account until finally there’s no [_sic_] much cash and the business closed
down in May 2009.

I hope the authority will investigate the matter.

[emphasis added]

Although the CAD Report referred to the Police Report which mentions that
threats were made, it clearly states that the reason why Sarah paid the
Blackmail Money was to help Andy in his business so that he would eventually
be able to pay her back the Trust Money. The threats that she had earlier
complained of were not mentioned as the reason for her payment of the
Blackmail Money.

81 For completeness, I should mention that Sarah was cross-examined by Tik’s
counsel on the differences in the two reports. Sarah’s explanation was that
the CAD drafted the CAD Report for her and she agreed that it was correct
because Tik had told her that if she gave Andy the Blackmail Money, it would
help him to “jump start” his business and repay Sarah the Trust Money.[note:
190] Sarah told the CAD that the CAD Report did not mention that she was
harassed and threatened.[note: 191] The CAD informed her that the beginning of
the CAD Report already referred to the earlier Police Report.[note: 192] While
it is true that the CAD Report referred to the Police Report, the CAD Report
explicitly stated that the reason why the Blackmail Money was paid was that
she wanted to help Andy in his business so that he could repay her the Trust
Money.

82 I should also say that the fact that the statement of claim initially
pleaded that the Blackmail Money was a part of the Trust Money undermined her
case on the Blackmail Money. As noted above, it was only after _more than a
year_ after the action had commenced that Sarah finally removed the Blackmail
Money from the definition of the Trust Money (see [39(c)] above). If the
Blackmail Money had indeed been truly paid as a result of Andy’s threats and
harassment, it would have been obvious from the very outset that the Blackmail
Money could not be claimed as part of the Trust Money.

83 For the reasons stated above, I find that Sarah gave the Blackmail Money as
a gift to assist him financially.

Conclusion

84 The claims against Andy for the Trust Money fail.

85 In the light of my finding that the Trust Money was paid as a gift to Andy,
the claims against Tik for the Trust Money must likewise fail. Sarah’s claims
against Tik for conspiracy, dishonest assistance, knowing receipt and in
constructive trust are all premised on Sarah having paid the Trust Money to
Andy on either express or resulting trust.

86 Similarly, the claims for the Blackmail Money fail in view of my finding
that the money was also paid as a gift.

The Contract Claims

Did Tik breach clauses (f), (h), (j) and (k) of the Agreement?

87 I find that Tik breached clause (f) of the Agreement. Clause (f) imposed an
obligation on Tik to transfer all her rights and benefits acquired in relation
to the trade and brand name “POLICE” with effect from 1 June 2006. Tik
admitted during her re-examination that she did not comply with her obligation
under that clause to transfer her rights in relation to the brand name
“POLICE”.[note: 193] Her defence was that neither Mr Poh nor Sarah had asked
her to execute any agreements to implement such a transfer. In her AEIC, Tik
maintained that Sarah Design was to arrange for all the documentation in
relation to the terms of the Agreement.[note: 194] She said that she was
ready, willing and able to execute any necessary agreements.[note: 195]
However, neither Mr Poh nor Sarah asked her to execute any documents.[note:
196] Tik’s assertion that she was willing to execute the necessary agreements
was not an excuse for her breach because on a plain reading of clause (f), the
onus was on her to transfer her rights and benefits.

88 In relation to clause (h) of the Agreement Tik testified that _the Company_
(_ie_ , Sarah Design) was to enter into fresh franchise agreements but this
was not done “for reasons best known to [Sarah Design] and its
directors”.[note: 197] When she asked Mr Poh about this, she was informed that
Sarah Design and its directors were negotiating with the franchisees for
extensions.[note: 198] During the hearing, there was some confusion as to
whether Tik had any _existing_ franchisees at the time when the Agreement was
executed _in the first place_ :

(a) In her answers to questions by Sarah during cross-examination, Tik
explained that she had existing franchisees who were selling old stock.[note:
199]

(b) However, Tik’s answer to a request by the plaintiffs for further and
better particulars suggests that Tik did not have _any existing franchisees_
at the time when the Agreement was entered into. In her defence, Tik averred
that she had told Sarah that “her franchisees were not doing well and that
there [was] a chance that the franchisees might give up the franchises”.[note:
200] The plaintiffs served a request for further and better particulars in
respect of this averment. They asked for, _inter alia_ , the names of the
franchisees referred to in the averment and the periods for which the
franchisees were in operation.[note: 201] Tik responded that she had four
franchisees, _viz_ , BODYWEAR@E_ACE, SANEON BODYWEAR, K K GARMENTS TRADING and
JSQUARE.[note: 202] In relation to the periods for which they were in
operation, Tik responded as follows:[note: 203]

The franchisees were in operation from sometime in April 2005. K K GARMENTS
TRADING ceased operations sometime in August 2005, SANEON BODYWEAR ceased
operations sometime in October 2005 and JSQUARE ceased operations sometime in
Jan 2006. BODYWEAR@E_ACE is still in operation till the [_sic_] July 2005.

(c) In the course of re-examining Tik, Tik’s counsel suggested that although
the existing franchisees had ceased operations by the time the Agreement was
executed, the _franchise agreements_ were still in existence at that
time.[note: 204] I then invited Tik to produce the franchise agreements.[note:
205] On the following day, Tik was only able to produce a standard blank
franchise agreement.[note: 206] Tik explained that the actual franchise
agreements were not in her possession and that she believed that her former
husband, Mr Poh, had the agreements.[note: 207] However, on the next day,
Tik’s counsel informed me that Tik managed to locate the existing franchise
agreements.[note: 208] The franchise agreements were then introduced through
Mr Poh.[note: 209]

(d) However, the franchise agreements which were produced were all dated
between 18 and 22 April 2005 and were valid for a period of one year.[note:
210] Hence, by the time the Agreement was executed on 28 April 2006, _all the
franchise agreements had expired._

89 I should mention that one of Tik’s witnesses, Chew Hue Hin (“Chew”), stated
in his AEIC that he took up a franchise from Tik.[note: 211] The franchise,
which was operated through a partnership known as “Casablanca Trading
Singapore LLP” (“Casablanca”)[note: 212] was not mentioned in Tik’s answers to
the plaintiffs’ request for further and better particulars (see [88(b)]
above). Chew’s AEIC also suggested that this franchise was still in operation
in 2006 and that Casablanca’s business only closed down at the _end of
2006_.[note: 213] However, in cross-examination, Chew clarified that he
withdrew from his partnership in Casablanca sometime in 2005.[note: 214]
Thereafter, his partner continued to operate the business.[note: 215] The
franchise agreement in respect of Casablanca was not disclosed.

90 I find that clause (h) was not breached. The first sentence of the clause
required Tik to transfer and assign all the franchise agreements which were “
_in existence on the 1_ st _of June 2006_ ” [emphasis added]. The last
sentence of the clause required Tik to ensure that the existing franchisees
entered into fresh agreements with Sarah Design. The first and last sentences
of clause (h) are linked. Tik’s obligation to ensure that the existing
franchisees enter into fresh agreements is consequential on her obligation to
transfer franchise agreements that are in existence on 1 June 2006. To the
extent that there were no longer any franchise agreements in existence on that
date, there would, _ipso facto_ , be no _existing_ franchisees for the purpose
of the obligation imposed by the last sentence of clause (h) on Tik to ensure
that those franchisees entered into fresh agreements with Sarah Design. It
follows from this interpretation that clause (h) was not breached. Tik’s
franchisees had ceased operations by the time the Agreement was entered into
(see [88(b)]). More importantly, the franchise agreements themselves had also
expired by that time (see [88(d)] above). As for Casablanca’s franchise,
Chew’s testimony during cross-examination was that he had left the partnership
sometime in 2005. Therefore, he was not in a position to give evidence as to
whether the franchise was still in operation at the time the Agreement was
entered into. The actual franchise agreement was also not put into evidence.
Hence, there is no evidence that Casablanca’s franchise agreement was
subsisting at the relevant time. I accept Tik’s submission[note: 216] that if
there were no _existing_ franchisees as of the date of Agreement, it
necessarily follows that Tik could not have been in breach of her obligation
to _transfer_ any existing franchise _agreements_ as there was nothing to
transfer. Consequently, Tik could not also have been in breach of her
obligation to ensure that the existing franchisees entered into new agreements
because there were simply no such existing franchisees as on 1 June 2006.

91 I find that clause (j) of the Agreement was not breached. Apart from the
plaintiffs’ bare allegation, there is no evidence that Tik did not transfer
any assets or the debts due to her. To the extent that the allegation is that
the assets that were not transferred were Tik’s rights under the franchise
agreements, my finding that there were no existing franchise agreements
applies here (see [90] above).

92 For a similar reason, I find that clause (k) of the Agreement was not
breached. There is no evidence before me that Tik failed to take steps to
ensure that the manufacturer continued to supply apparel. In fact, there is
evidence that Tik had renewed her master franchise agreement. This was not a
bare assertion. She produced a document which stated, on its face, that her
master franchise agreement was extended to 31 December 2009.[note: 217] I
agree with Tik’s submission that there is no evidence that the plaintiffs had
placed any order for new apparel.[note: 218]

Was it an implied term of the Agreement that the “POLICE” brand of apparel
supplied by Tik was to be fit for the Singapore market?

93 The law on implied terms is well established. Terms may be implied into a
particular contract because of the particular facts and circumstances (_ie_ ,
terms implied in fact) or they may be implied in all contracts of a particular
class as a matter of law (_ie_ , terms implied in law). The Court of Appeal
recently described the law on terms implied in fact in the following manner
(_Chua Choon Cheng and others v Allgreen Properties Ltd and another appeal_
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 724 at [63]):

63 It is settled law that "a court will _not lightly_ imply a term into a
contract" [emphasis original]: _Jet Holding Ltd v Cooper Cameron (Singapore)
Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 769 at [107]. The rule of thumb is that the more
detailed or complex a contract is, the less likely it is that the court will
imply a term into that contract. **_The touchstone for implying a term into a
contract is always "necessity and not merely reasonableness"_** : _Hiap Hong &
Co Pte Ltd v Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 458 at [19].
The learned authors of _Chitty on Contracts_ , vol 1 (Beale gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008) ("_Chitty on Contracts_ ") at para 13-004 note that
both the officious bystander and business efficacy test "[depended] on the
presumed _common intention_ of the parties", which has to be objectively
ascertained. In _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd_
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 927 ("_Forefront_ ") at [36], Andrew Phang Boon Leong J (as he
then was), after a detailed analysis of the historical origins of these tests,
concluded that the two tests are but different facets of the same coin; "the
'officious bystander' test is the _practical mode by which_ the 'business
efficacy' test is implemented" [emphasis in original]. We agree.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

94 I should also mention that it is well established that a term cannot be
implied into a contract if it is inconsistent with an express term of the
contract (see the decision of Court of Appeal in _Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb
Securities Pte Ltd and others_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 at [31]).

95 It is not necessary for me to describe the law on implied terms in law
because the plaintiffs’ case is that the relevant term should be implied in
fact.[note: 219]

96 I should clarify the precise term that the plaintiffs seek to imply into
the Agreement. The plaintiffs have pleaded that the implied term is that the
“apparels supplied by the _2_ nd _defendant_ were fit for the Singapore
market” [emphasis added].[note: 220] This implied term presupposes that Tik
was obliged to supply apparels.

97 I find that this implied term is inconsistent with the Agreement. The
Agreement does not require Tik to supply the “POLICE” brand of apparel. Tik
was _entitled_ to do so under clause (i) of the Agreement. However, the
Agreement did not impose an obligation on her to supply the apparel. As the
preamble to the Agreement states, the purpose of the Agreement was for the
plaintiffs to acquire a stake in Tik’s “business in relation to the ‘POLICE’
[brand] of apparels”. The manner in which the Agreement implemented this
purpose was for the parties to set up a company (see clause (b) of the
Agreement). Tik would then transfer _all_ her rights and benefits in relation
to the trade and brand name “POLICE” to this company (see clause (f) of the
Agreement). Each of the parties to the Agreement would then hold a certain
proportion of the equity in the company (see clauses (c) and (d) of the
Agreement). Hence, what the Agreement contemplates is for a complete transfer
of Tik’s business to a new company. Although not expressly provided for in the
Agreement, the new company would then have to obtain its supply of apparel
directly from the manufacturer because the Agreement required Tik to transfer
all her rights in relation to the trade and brand name “POLICE” to the new
company. As stated earlier in this paragraph, there is a non-obligatory
provision for Tik to purchase apparel for the benefit of Sarah Design. In
addition, the Agreement also imposes a covenant on Tik to ensure that the
manufacturer continues the supply of the apparel (see clause (k)). Given this
structure, it would be inconsistent to imply a term that imposes an obligation
on Tik to _supply_ apparel and, further, that those apparel would be fit for
the Singapore market.

98 Further, the plaintiffs’ case on implied terms is premised on their
allegation that Tik’s stock only carried one size. The evidence on this score
is to the contrary. During the trial, Tik produced samples of “POLICE” apparel
in different sizes.[note: 221] Apart from a bare denial, the plaintiffs did
not satisfactorily controvert this. Ivy claimed that when Peter Poh showed her
Tik’s stock of apparel, she was only shown samples of a single size.[note:
222] When Peter Poh was cross-examined on this, he claimed to have shown Ivy
apparel of different sizes:[note: 223]

Q:Tee Yok Lee [_ie_ , Ivy] claimed that you only showed her free size, female
size, and you asked her why they are all so small. Do you recall you told her,
“This is a free size T-shirt”?

A:No, not---all POLICE, before you take over, you must know the product.
Everything we make very clear. The box of the POLICE, there is a female model,
it’s a female girl, size. We have the man, we have the man size and we have,
er, er, another so-called a slightly bigger, a big size. We call it “big
size”. Even the big size in Australia, they are not---not---not, er, fixed to
wear too. _We have three sizes._ I never told you only free size. We have
three sizes. They indicate in the box.

Q:Mr Poh, do you recall that if you want to order bigger sized T-shirt, we
need to place an order of 10,000 pieces?

A:We keep, yah---yah. We did told you. You said Australia, if you want to make
a order size, can we make bigger? This size cannot. We call to the Thailand
too. We consult the Thailand side, “Hey, Australia, the _ang_ _moh_ is too big
sized. Your size, big size, cannot go through.” Say we can, er, we can order,
er, make-to-measure, do a bigger so-called XXL or what. They can do because
they are the main production side. They have the factory, they can just---we
only---bigger size, we pay more slightly. The price is---cost price is
different already. We slightly pay more, you see.

Q:Did you tell Tee, Ms Tee Yok Lee [_ie_ , Ivy], that we have to order 10,000
pieces if she wants another size because the machine has to make bigger sizes?

A:Yes, yes. I do---do that. This was given from them, you see. This is what
the---the Thailand side feedback to me, I will have to feedback to you all.

[emphasis added]

I find that Tik actually had apparel of different sizes. This finding is
supported by the above responses. The plaintiffs’ complaint was that they
wanted further _custom-made_ apparel of a different, larger size for the
_Australian_ market. This complaint had no merit whatsoever because the
Agreement was only concerned with Tik’s “POLICE” business in Singapore.

Were the breaches of the Agreement repudiatory and were they accepted by the
plaintiffs?

99 The Court of Appeal in _RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and
another appeal_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 (“ _RDC Concrete_ ”) considered the law on
termination of contracts in considerable detail. There are two broad
categories of situations in which a party may terminate a contract. The first
category concerns contracts which expressly provide that an innocent party may
terminate the contract if certain events occur (_RDC Concrete_ at [91] (the
Court of Appeal termed this category as “Situation 1”)). This category is not
applicable in the present case. The second category involves contracts which
do _not_ explicitly provide for the events that would entitle the innocent
party to terminate the contract (_RDC Concrete_ at [92]). In this category of
contracts, a right to terminate the contract may arise in three situations
(the Court of Appeal labelled these situations as “Situation 2”, “Situation
3(a)” and “Situation 3(b)”). Situation 2 involves a party _renouncing_ the
contract (_RDC Contract_ at [93]). Situation 3(a) arises if the parties’
intention was “to designate the term [that was breached] as one that is so
important that any breach, regardless of the actual consequences of such a
breach, would entitle the innocent party to terminate the contract” (_RDC
Concrete_ at [97] [emphasis in original omitted]). Such a term is usually
called a “condition” (_RDC Concrete_ at [97]). Finally, Situation 3(b) arises
where the consequence of the breach is such that it deprives the innocent
party of “substantially the whole benefit which it was intended that he should
obtain from the contract” (_RDC Concrete_ at [99] citing _Hongkong Fir
Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd_ [1962] 2 QB 26 at 70).

100 When faced with a repudiatory breach, an innocent party has a choice. He
can either treat the contract as subsisting (_ie_ , he can “affirm” the
contract) or he can “accept” the repudiation and bring the contract to an end
(see _Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008) vol 1 (“ _Chitty
on Contracts_ ”) at para 24-002). As the editors of _Chitty on Contracts_
explain, an express communication of the fact of acceptance of the repudiation
is not the only mode of acceptance (see _Chitty on Contracts_ at para 24-013):

**Acceptance by repudiation.** Where there is an anticipatory breach, or
breach of an executory contract, and the innocent party wishes to treat
himself as discharged, he must “accept the repudiation”. An act of acceptance
of a repudiation requires no particular form. It is usually done by
communicating the decision to terminate to the party in default, although it
may be sufficient to lead evidence of an:

“Unequivocal overt act which is inconsistent with the subsistence of the
contract … without any concurrent manifestation of intent directed to the
other party.”

… Acceptance of a repudiation must be clear and unequivocal and mere
inactivity or acquiescence will generally not be regarded as acceptance for
this purpose. But there may be circumstances in which a continuing failure to
perform will be sufficiently unequivocal to constitute acceptance of a
repudiation. It all depends on “the particular contractual relationship and
the particular circumstances of the case”. …

…

[emphasis in original; footnotes omitted]

101 A final point should be noted before I turn to the facts. An innocent
party is entitled to rely on a ground for terminating the contract even if it
did not rely on that ground at the time of termination (see the decision of
the Court of Appeal in _Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd v Comfort
Resources Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 602 (“ _Alliance Concrete_ ”) at [63]).
However, this entitlement does not apply if the party in breach could have
remedied the situation if it had been given the opportunity to do so (see
_Alliance Concrete_ at [67]).

102 I have found that only clause (f) of the Agreement was breached. In my
view, the nature of clause (f) was such that its breach fell within both
Situation 3(a) and Situation 3(b) of _RDC Concrete_. Clause (f) was such a
crucial term that the parties must have contemplated that any breach of it
would entitle the innocent party to termination. As mentioned above, the very
purpose of the Agreement was for the plaintiffs to participate in Tik’s
“POLICE” business. In order to allow such participation, the Agreement
contemplated that Tik had to transfer that business to a new company. Given
the importance of this term, I find that the breach of it entitled the
plaintiffs to terminate the Agreement. I also find, in the alternative, that
Tik’s failure to comply with clause (f) was such as to deprive the plaintiffs
of substantially the whole benefit of the Agreement. In other words, Situation
3(b) is applicable as well.

103 I accept that the decision to strike off Sarah Design was an unequivocal
overt act that was inconsistent with the existence of the Agreement. Sarah
produced an undated resolution by Sarah Design’s board of directors (which
included the plaintiffs) to strike off Sarah Design:[note: 224]

Resolved that company has not commenced business since date of incorporation,
the directors have obtained written consent of all shareholders to strike the
name of the company off the register.

Sarah Design was the entity through which the plaintiffs were to participate
in the “POLICE” business. By striking off Sarah Design, the plaintiffs had
objectively demonstrated that they did not wish to continue with the
Agreement.

104 However, Tik’s breach of clause (f) was not raised as the reason for
terminating the Agreement at the time of the purported termination in striking
off Sarah Design. According to Tik, she was told by the plaintiffs that the
reason for their decision to strike off Sarah Design was that the plaintiffs
had no time to continue the business.[note: 225] She claimed to have also been
told that the second plaintiff was of the view that there was no money to buy
“POLICE” brand apparel of a suitable size for the Australian market.[note:
226] According to Sarah, the reason for her decision to terminate the
Agreement was that two months after entering into the Agreement, the second
plaintiff formed the view that she could not cope with operating Sarah
Design’s business.[note: 227] Hence, the plaintiffs decided to ask Tik to find
someone to buy them out.[note: 228] Apparently, Tik gave various excuses for
not finding a buyer and so, after two years had passed, the plaintiffs decided
to strike off Sarah Design.[note: 229] Ivy gave a different reason for the
termination of the Agreement. According to her, the reason for her decision to
terminate the Agreement was that the stock that Tik was meant to transfer to
Sarah Design was “not worth [$]80,000”.[note: 230] What is clear is that on
_both_ Tik’s version and the plaintiffs’ versions, Tik’s breach of clause (f)
was _not_ the reason for terminating the Agreement.

105 The question that I then have to consider is whether the plaintiffs are
entitled to rely on the breach of clause (f) even though that breach was not
the reason for the purported termination. The answer turns on whether Tik
could have fulfilled her obligation under clause (f) if she was given an
opportunity to do so (see [101] above).

106 I find on a balance of probabilities that Tik could have fulfilled her
obligation under clause (f) if she was asked to do so. Tik’s evidence in her
AEIC was that she had obtained the approval of the manufacturer of the
“POLICE” brand of apparel for the assignment of her sole distribution rights
to Sarah Design.[note: 231] She asserted that the manufacturer agreed to this
request and asked for the necessary documents to be prepared and sent to
it.[note: 232] She claimed that the relevant documents were never prepared by
Sarah Design.[note: 233] As I noted above (see [87]), Tik’s evidence was based
on an erroneous understanding of the Agreement because the Agreement placed
the onus on _her_ to transfer her rights. However, her evidence, which she
maintained in response to questions by the court[note: 234] and in her
response to a question by her counsel during re-examination,[note: 235] shows
that she was ready, willing and able to take the necessary steps to comply
with her obligation under clause (f). I accept her evidence that she could
have fulfilled her obligation if she was told by the plaintiffs that the
Agreement was being terminated due to her failure to comply with that
obligation.

107 Given my finding that Tik could have fulfilled her obligation under clause
(f) of the Agreement if she was given the opportunity to do so, the plaintiffs
cannot rely on the breach of clause (f) to justify their decision to terminate
the Agreement. Hence, even though the breach of clause (f) was repudiatory in
nature, the plaintiffs were not entitled to terminate the Agreement.

Are the plaintiffs entitled to damages for the breaches of contract?

108 In principle, the plaintiffs are entitled to damages to compensate them
for losses _caused_ by the breach of clause (f) of the Agreement.

109 I appreciate that the plaintiffs have pleaded for damages to be assessed.
However, causation is an element that is relevant to the issue of liability
(see the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Asia Hotel Investments Ltd v
Starwood Asia Pacific Management Pte Ltd and another_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 661 at
[143]–[147]). Quite apart from the quantum of the loss suffered, I find that
the plaintiffs have not sustained any losses that were _caused_ by the breach
of clause (f). As alluded to above, the plaintiffs wanted to back out of the
Agreement at a relatively early stage (see [104] above). According to Sarah,
two months after entering into the Agreement, Ivy formed the view that she
could not cope with operating Sarah Design’s business.[note: 236] Hence, the
plaintiffs decided to ask Tik to find someone to buy them out.[note: 237]Ivy’s
evidence on the reason why she wanted to terminate the Agreement was that the
stock that Sarah Design was meant to take over was not worth the amount of the
plaintiffs’ investment.[note: 238] The inference to be drawn from the
plaintiffs’ own evidence is that they were not concerned with Tik’s breach of
clause (f). They took an independent decision to exit the Agreement.

Did Tik make fraudulent representations to the plaintiffs?

110 The Court of Appeal in _Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 909 (“ _Wishing Star_ ”) described the law on fraudulent
misrepresentations in the following terms:

16 The classic formulation of the tort of fraudulent misrepresentation or
deceit is to be found in the judgment of Lord Herschell in the leading House
of Lords decision of _Derry v Peek_ (1889) 14 App Cas 337, where the learned
law lord observed as follows (at 374):

First, in order to sustain an action of deceit, there must be proof of fraud,
and nothing short of that will suffice. Secondly, fraud is proved when it is
shewn that a false representation has been made (1) knowingly, or (2) without
belief in its truth, or (3) recklessly, careless whether it be true or false.
Although I have treated the second and third as distinct cases, I think the
third is but an instance of the second, for one who makes a statement under
such circumstances can have no real belief in the truth of what he states. To
prevent a false statement [from] being fraudulent, there must, I think, always
be an honest belief in its truth. And this probably covers the whole ground,
for one who knowingly alleges that which is false, has obviously no such
honest belief. Thirdly, if fraud be proved, the motive of the person guilty of
it is immaterial. It matters not that there was no intention to cheat or
injure the person to whom the statement was made.

17 The principles enunciated in  _Derry v Peek_ have, in fact, been adopted in
the local context (see, for example, the Singapore High Court decisions of
_Chop Ban Kheng v Chop Siang_ _Huah and Latham & Co_ (1925) 2 MC 69 at 71
(affirmed on appeal (_id_ at 75-80), although the appeal did not involve the
issue of fraud), _Baker v Asia Motor Co Ltd_ [1962] MLJ 425 at 426,  _Malayan
Miners Co (M) Ltd v Lian Hock & Co_ [1965-1967] SLR(R) 307 at [7] and [22],
and  _Raiffeisen_ _Zentralbank_ _Osterreich AG v Archer Daniels Midland Co_
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 196 at [38]; see also the decision of this court in  _Panatron
Pte Ltd v Lee Cheow Lee_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 at [13]).

111 The elements of an action in fraudulent misrepresentation were concisely
restated by the Court of Appeal in _Panatron Pte Ltd v Lee Cheow Lee_ [2001] 2
SLR(R) 435 (“ _Panatron_ ”) at [14]:

14 The essentials of this tort have been set out by Lord Maugham in  _Bradford
Building Society v Borders_ [1941] 2 All ER 205. Basically there are the
following essential elements. First, there must be a representation of fact
made by words or conduct. Second, the representation must be made with the
intention that it should be acted upon by the plaintiff, or by a class of
persons which includes the plaintiff. Third, it must be proved that the
plaintiff had acted upon the false statement. Fourth, it must be proved that
the plaintiff suffered damage by so doing. Fifth, the representation must be
made with knowledge that it is false; it must be wilfully false, or at least
made in the absence of any genuine belief that it is true.

112 To recapitulate, both plaintiffs gave evidence that Tik had made the
following representations to induce them to enter into the Agreement and to
pay her the sum of $80,000:[note: 239]

(a) The existing four franchisees selling “POLICE” brand apparel were doing
well and would not close down in the near future.

(b) Tik would purchase the plaintiffs’ 50% share of the equity of Sarah Design
at a minimum sum of $80,000 if they did not wish to continue the “POLICE”
business at any time.

113 In relation to the first representation, as noted above, it emerged in the
course of Tik’s cross-examination that there were actually no existing
franchisees selling “POLICE” brand apparel (see [88] above). However, Tik did
not deny discussing the status of the “existing” franchisees. In her AEIC, Tik
stated that she had told Sarah that her “POLICE” business was “not doing well”
and that “chances [were] that the franchisees might be giving up”.[note: 240]

114 I find that Tik made the first representation to the plaintiffs for the
following reasons.

115 First, the presence of clause (h) in the Agreement shows that Tik must
have informed the plaintiffs that the franchisees were doing well. If Tik’s
franchisees were not doing well and if chances were that the franchisees might
“give up”, there would have been little purpose in including clause (h) in the
Agreement to impose an obligation on Tik to transfer the franchise agreements
to Sarah Design at a _future date_ (_ie_ , 1 June 2006).

116 Second, it simply makes no commercial sense for the plaintiffs to have
wanted to participate in Tik’s “POLICE” business if the existing franchisees
were doing badly as alleged by Tik. Unless there was something extraordinary
about the “POLICE” business, it defies logic that the plaintiffs would
willingly enter into a loss-making venture[note: 241]. I am not satisfied with
Tik’s explanations as to why the plaintiffs would have wanted to invest in the
“POLICE” business even though she had told them that the franchisees might be
“giving up”. Her initial explanation was that Sarah liked the “POLICE” brand.
Further, Ivy had never worked and wanted to do business. The second part of
this explanation is not convincing. Even if Ivy wanted to try her hand at
business, it does not make sense that she would have wanted to start out in a
loss-making venture. When questioned further, Tik resorted to saying that
Sarah wanted to participate in the “POLICE” business because she had a lot of
rich friends to whom she could sell franchises. While this explanation was
more plausible, it was an entirely different explanation from her earlier
response. I should add that Tik had yet another explanation in her AEIC for
the reason why Sarah persisted in wanting to participate in the “POLICE”
business notwithstanding Tik’s caution that the business was not doing well.
Apparently, Sarah said that “she was a good saleswoman and she would be able
to turn the business around”, that she “wanted to bring the product to
Australia and start a franchise chain in Australia” and that “her sister,
[Ivy] would also be a partner in the business and both of them could turn the
business around”.[note: 242]

117 Third, the very structure of Tik’s business was to supply “POLICE” brand
apparel _to franchisees_. In cross-examination, Ivy testified that she
understood the structure of the “POLICE” business to be based on the sale of
apparel to _franchisees_ :

Q:And are you also telling us that until today, you’re not aware that the
company was supposed to take over the brand, POLICE?

A:Yah. 50%, is it? We have to take over 50%, is it? It’s a franchise company.
We---we---I---I only, mm, understand that is a franchisee company. We have to
find people to come and, like---I only know that it’s a franchisee---franchise
company. _We have to find, er, shop to come and---sell to the shop only._
Because I understand the agreement that we are a franchise company only.

[emphasis added]

Mr Poh also testified that the business model was to sell “POLICE” brand
apparel through _franchisees_ :

Q: |  Mr Poh, do you recall this business is about buying franchisee and not opening up a shop? The whole idea of this contract---  
---|---  
A: |  Mm-hm.  
Q: |  \---do you agree, Mr Poh---  
A: |  Yes.  
…. |   
Court:  |  All right. I don’t think you have understood the question. _If---the plaintiffs wish to develop this business for the POLICE brand apparel in Singapore, Ms Tee’s question to you is that the---that---that the principal reason, the main reason why they were interested in acquiring 50%---_  
Witness:  |  Mm-hm.  
Court:  |  _\---is because they were interested in continuing to supply these T-shirts to the franchisees---_  
Witness:  |  _Yes_.  
Court:  |  _\---because that is the main source of the business._  
Witness:  |  _Right---right. Yes._  
Q:  |  So it is not opening a shop and selling T-shirt---  
A:  |  No, no. No, mm.  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

Since the structure of the business was to sell apparel to franchisees, it
would not have made sense for the plaintiffs to have wanted to enter into the
Agreement if they were told it was likely that the then existing franchisees
might give up. Furthermore, Sarah Design was to take over Tik’s existing stock
of “POLICE” brand apparel. There is no reason why the plaintiffs would have
wanted to take over the stock if there was no ready market for it in the form
of healthy existing franchisees.

118 For the same reason, I find that the first representation must have
induced the plaintiffs to enter into the Agreement. The presence of four then
existing franchisees that were doing well must have had a bearing on the
plaintiffs’ decision to enter into the Agreement. As mentioned in the
preceding paragraph, the very structure of the business depended on the sale
of apparel to franchisees.

119 I also find that the representation was made fraudulently because Tik must
have known that the first representation was untrue. Her own responses to a
request for further and better particulars state that the franchisees had
ceased operations before the Agreement was executed (see [88(b)] above). If
they had ceased operations, Tik must have known that it was false to say that
they were doing well.

120 In summary, I find that the plaintiffs have made out a case against Tik
for fraudulent misrepresentation in relation to the first representation. The
elements of the tort, as set out in _Panatron_ (see [111] above), are
satisfied:

(a) The first representation was indeed made to the plaintiffs (see
[114]–[117] above).

(b) The representation must have been made with the intention that the
plaintiffs should act upon it. There would have been no reason for Tik to have
otherwise made the representation.

(c) The representation induced the plaintiffs into entering into the Agreement
(see [118] above).

(d) The plaintiffs have suffered at least some damage as a consequence of
their reliance on the representation. They paid the sum of $80,000.

(e) The representation was made fraudulently (see [119] above).

121 Consequently, the plaintiffs are entitled to rescission of the Agreement
(see, for example, the decision of the High Court in _Chee Jok_ _Heng
Stephanie v Chang Yue_ _Shoon_ [2010] 3 SLR 1131 at [18]). They are also
entitled to damages. As for amount of damages, the plaintiffs are entitled to
be compensated for all losses flowing directly as a result of the plaintiffs’
entry into the Agreement regardless of whether the loss was foreseeable (see
_Wishing Star_ at [21]). As the plaintiffs have pleaded for damages to be
assessed, they are entitled to interlocutory judgment for damages to be
assessed.

122 As for the second representation, I find that the plaintiffs have not
proven on a balance of probabilities that the representation was made in the
first place. Apart from their bare assertions, they have not been able to
produce any other evidence to support the fact that this representation was
made. Since this crucial element of the claim has not been proven, the
plaintiffs’ claim in fraudulent misrepresentation for the second
representation must fail.

Conclusion

123 Sarah’s Trust and Blackmail Claims against the first and second defendants
fail in their entirety.

124 In relation to the Contract Claims, the plaintiffs are entitled to
interlocutory judgment for damages to be assessed with the question of
interest to be reserved to the Registrar. They are also entitled to rescission
of the Agreement.

125 As a litigant in person, Andy is entitled to a claim against Sarah for
compensatory costs under O 59 r 18A of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed), for the time spent for action, as well as other reasonable expenses
(see _Aldabe_ _Fermin v Standard Chartered Bank_ [2010] 3 SLR 722 at [130]).
The time spent for the Trust Claim was significantly more than the time for
the Contract Claims. Given that the plaintiffs only succeeded in one aspect of
their Contract Claims and Sarah failed in the Trust Claim against Tik, I shall
order Sarah to pay 50% of the costs of the action to Tik to be taxed if not
agreed. No further order as to costs in relation to Ivy.

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence (“NE”) Day 1 at p 135, lines 2–14.

[note: 2]NE Day 1 at p 138, lines 11–19.

[note: 3]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [1].

[note: 4]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [2].

[note: 5]First defendant’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) at [4].

[note: 6]First defendant’s AEIC at [5].

[note: 7]Second defendant’s AEIC at [3].

[note: 8]Second defendant’s AEIC at [4].

[note: 9]Second defendant’s AEIC at [4].

[note: 10]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [8].

[note: 11]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [19(b)].

[note: 12]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [42(b)].

[note: 13]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [63(d)].

[note: 14]NE Day 1 at p 127, lines 9–10.

[note: 15]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [85].

[note: 16]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [66].

[note: 17]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [67].

[note: 18]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [72].

[note: 19]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [73].

[note: 20]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [75].

[note: 21]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [82].

[note: 22]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [77].

[note: 23]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [77].

[note: 24]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [80]–[81].

[note: 25]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [83(d)].

[note: 26]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [83(d)].

[note: 27]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [18].

[note: 28]_Ibid._

[note: 29]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [19(a)].

[note: 30]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [19(b)].

[note: 31]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [19(c)].

[note: 32]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at [19(d)].

[note: 33]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [19(f)].

[note: 34]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [19(g)].

[note: 35]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [12]; First plaintiff’s AEIC
at [161].

[note: 36]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [13]; First plaintiff’s AEIC
at [163].

[note: 37]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [14]; First plaintiff’s AEIC
at [164].

[note: 38]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [15]; First plaintiff’s AEIC
at [166].

[note: 39]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [16(i)]; First plaintiff’s
AEIC at [172].

[note: 40]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [16(o)]; First plaintiff’s
AEIC at [178].

[note: 41]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [16(l)]; First plaintiff’s
AEIC at [176].

[note: 42]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [180]–[194].

[note: 43]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [43].

[note: 44]Agreed Bundle of Documents (“AB”) Vol 3 at pp 999–1002.

[note: 45]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [47].

[note: 46]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [126].

[note: 47]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [360] and Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 2) at [48(a)].

[note: 48]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [361] and Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 2) at [48(b)].

[note: 49]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [362] and Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 2) at [48(c)].

[note: 50]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [363] and Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 2) at [48(d)].

[note: 51]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [408]–[412] and Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 2) at [48(e)].

[note: 52]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [413]–[430] and Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 2) at [53].

[note: 53]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [358].

[note: 54]See letter from Drew & Napier LLC dated 24 November 2011.

[note: 55]First defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 1) at [8].

[note: 56]First defendant’s closing submissions at [77].

[note: 57]Second defendant’s closing submissions at [27]; Second defendant’s
Defence (Amendment No 2) at [6].

[note: 58]Second defendant’s closing submissions at [27] and Second
defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [11].

[note: 59]Second defendant’s closing submissions at [27]

[note: 60]Second defendant’s closing submissions at [28].

[note: 61]Second defendant’s closing submissions at [29]–[30].

[note: 62]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [10].

[note: 63]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [10].

[note: 64]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [35].

[note: 65]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [36].

[note: 66]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [37].

[note: 67]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [38].

[note: 68]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [39].

[note: 69]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [40].

[note: 70]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [41].

[note: 71]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [42].

[note: 72]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [43].

[note: 73]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [44].

[note: 74]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [45].

[note: 75]Second defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 2) at [45].

[note: 76]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [24].

[note: 77]Plaintiffs’ opening statement at [17]–[18].

[note: 78]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [79].

[note: 79]Letter from Supreme Court Registry to the parties dated 22 November
2011 at [5].

[note: 80]Plaintiffs’ further submissions at [45]–[55], first defendant’s
further submissions at [10]–[12] and second defendant’s further submissions at
[9]–[12].

[note: 81]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [68(e)]–[68(f)].

[note: 82]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [9].

[note: 83]Statement of Claim at [7].

[note: 84]Statement of Claim at [7].

[note: 85]Writ of Summons (Amendment No 1).

[note: 86]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at [23]–[35].

[note: 87]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at [8].

[note: 88]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [9].

[note: 89]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [8].

[note: 90]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [12]–[16] and [38]–[40].

[note: 91]Tabulated in first plaintiff’s AEIC at [179].

[note: 92]_Ibid_.

[note: 93]NE Day 6 at pp 15–16.

[note: 94]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [161].

[note: 95]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [162].

[note: 96]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [163].

[note: 97]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [165].

[note: 98]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [166].

[note: 99]NE Day 6 at p 30, lines 7–18.

[note: 100]NE Day 6 at p 32, line 25 and p 41, lines 25–27.

[note: 101]NE Day 1 at p 135, lines 2–14

[note: 102]First defendant’s AEIC at [9]–[10].

[note: 103]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [101].

[note: 104]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [103].

[note: 105]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [103].

[note: 106]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [105].

[note: 107]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [111]–[112].

[note: 108]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [113]–[114].

[note: 109]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [32].

[note: 110]NE Day 2 at p 23, line 25.

[note: 111]NE Day 2 at p 22, line 21.

[note: 112]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [32] and first defendant’s AEIC at [9].

[note: 113]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [33] and first defendant’s AEIC at [9]
read with NE Day 5 at p 61, lines 9–18.

[note: 114]First plaintiff’s affidavit dated 18 December 2009 at [10].

[note: 115]_Ibid_ and exhibit TYK-4 thereto.

[note: 116]NE Day 1 at p 56, line 20.

[note: 117]NE Day 1 at p 63, lines 12–16.

[note: 118]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [118].

[note: 119]First defendant’s AEIC at p 17.

[note: 120]First defendant’s AEIC at p 20.

[note: 121]First defendant’s affidavit dated 6 November 2009 at pp 17 and 20.

[note: 122]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [119].

[note: 123]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [120].

[note: 124]First defendant’s AEIC at [10].

[note: 125]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [121].

[note: 126]First plaintiff’s supplementary AEIC at [3].

[note: 127]AB Vol 6 at p 2128.

[note: 128]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [123].

[note: 129]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [124]–[135].

[note: 130]First plaintiff’s supplementary AEIC at p 12.

[note: 131]First plaintiff’s supplementary AEIC at p 15.

[note: 132]NE Day 3 at p 7, line 32.

[note: 133]NE Day 1 at pp 68–70.

[note: 134]NE Day 1 at p 74, lines 15–25.

[note: 135]NE Day 1 at p 77, lines 15–21.

[note: 136]NE Day 3 at pp 3, lines 20–21.

[note: 137]NE Day 3 at p 5, lines 12–13.

[note: 138]NE Day 3 at p 3, lines 8–12.

[note: 139]First defendant’s AEIC at [6].

[note: 140]First defendant’s closing submissions at [89]–[90].

[note: 141]First defendant’s closing submissions at [89].

[note: 142]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [92].

[note: 143]_Ibid_.

[note: 144]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [90].

[note: 145]First defendant’s closing submissions at [90].

[note: 146]NE Day 2 at p 6, line 26.

[note: 147]NE Day 2 at p 6, line 28.

[note: 148]NE Day 2 at pp 14–15.

[note: 149]NE Day 5 at pp 45–46.

[note: 150]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [96].

[note: 151]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [97].

[note: 152]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [98].

[note: 153]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [99].

[note: 154]First defendant’s closing submissions at [89].

[note: 155]NE Day 5 at p 29, lines 23–26.

[note: 156]NE Day 9 at pp 60, lines 8–9; 63, line 8; and 65, lines 17–18.

[note: 157]NE Day 9 at pp 67, line 19 and 68, lines 25–26; also see NE Day 9
at p 63, line 4.

[note: 158]NE Day 9 at p 67, line 22.

[note: 159]Plaintiffs’ further submissions at [2]–[20].

[note: 160]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Authorities (“PBOA”) at Tab 106.

[note: 161]Ms Pang’s AEIC at [4].

[note: 162]NE Day 3 at p 10, lines 2–3.

[note: 163]NE Day 3 at p 23, lines 22–27.

[note: 164]First defendant’s affidavit dated 6 November 2009 at [18].

[note: 165]First plaintiff’s affidavit dated 23 November 2009 at [15].

[note: 166]NE Day 3 at p 10, lines 17–18.

[note: 167]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [18].

[note: 168]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [22].

[note: 169]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [25].

[note: 170]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [27(d)].

[note: 171]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [34].

[note: 172]AB Vol 6 at p 2020.

[note: 173]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [166] and plaintiffs’ closing submissions
at [181].

[note: 174]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [166] and plaintiffs’ closing submissions
at [181].

[note: 175]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [168] and plaintiffs’ closing submissions
at [181].

[note: 176]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [169] and plaintiffs’ closing submissions
at [181].

[note: 177]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [169] and plaintiffs’ closing submissions
at [181].

[note: 178]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [170] and plaintiffs’ closing submissions
at [181].

[note: 179]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [170] and plaintiffs’ closing submissions
at [181].

[note: 180]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [171] and plaintiffs’ closing submissions
at [181].

[note: 181]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [172] and plaintiffs’ closing submissions
at [181].

[note: 182]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [172] and plaintiffs’ closing submissions
at [181].

[note: 183]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [175]–[176] and plaintiffs’ closing
submissions at [181].

[note: 184]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [177].

[note: 185]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [178].

[note: 186]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [173].

[note: 187]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [178].

[note: 188]AB Vol 6 at p 2024.

[note: 189]AB Vol 6 at p 2065.

[note: 190]NE Day 1 at pp 111, lines 15–25 and 112, lines 1–4.

[note: 191]NE Day 1 at p 112, line 9.

[note: 192]NE Day 1 at p 112, lines 11–18.

[note: 193]NE Day 7 at p 114, lines 8–9.

[note: 194]Second defendant’s AEIC at [22].

[note: 195]_Ibid_.

[note: 196]_Ibid_.

[note: 197]Second defendant’s AEIC at [25].

[note: 198]_Ibid_.

[note: 199]NE Day 7 at p 34, lines 27–32

[note: 200]Second defendant’s amended defence at [18] (also see second
defendant’s re-amended defence at [28]).

[note: 201]Second defendant’s answers to Further and Better Particulars dated
2 June 2010 at p 4.

[note: 202]Second defendant’s answers to Further and Better Particulars dated
2 June 2010 at pp 4–5 (Setting Down Bundle at Tab 23).

[note: 203]_Ibid_.

[note: 204]NE Day 7 at p 119, lines 6–9.

[note: 205]NE Day 7 at p 119, lines 10–11.

[note: 206]NE Day 8 at pp 1, lines 11–12, and 5, line 29.

[note: 207]NE Day 8 at p 6, lines 1–3.

[note: 208]NE Day 9 at p 1, lines 5–8.

[note: 209]NE Day 9 at pp 7–8.

[note: 210]NE Day 9 at p 50, lines 18–32.

[note: 211]Chew Hue Hin’s AEIC at [6].

[note: 212]_Ibid_.

[note: 213]Chew Hue Hin’s AEIC at [7]–[8].

[note: 214]NE Day 8 at pp 20, lines 5–6, and 23, lines 9–10.

[note: 215]NE Day 8 at p 20, lines 5–6.

[note: 216]Second defendant’s closing submissions at [175].

[note: 217]See Exhibit PSP-3 to Tik’s AEIC.

[note: 218]Second defendant’s closing submissions at [123] and [177].

[note: 219]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at [404].

[note: 220]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [45].

[note: 221]NE Day 7 at pp 130–131.

[note: 222]NE Day 7 at p 132, lines 21–22.

[note: 223]NE Day 9 at p 37, lines 9–32.

[note: 224]AB Vol 5 at p 1818.

[note: 225]NE Day 7 at p 128, line 25.

[note: 226]NE Day 7 at p 128, lines 29–32.

[note: 227]NE Day 4 at p 57, lines 14–15.

[note: 228]NE Day 4 at p 56, lines 7–11.

[note: 229]NE Day 4 at p 56, lines 18–22.

[note: 230]NE Day 4 at p 90, lines 1–4.

[note: 231]Second defendant’s AEIC at [22].

[note: 232]_Ibid_.

[note: 233]_Ibid_.

[note: 234]NE Day 7 at p 128, lines 14–21.

[note: 235]NE Day 7 at p 128, lines 12–17.

[note: 236]NE Day 4 at p 57, lines 14–15.

[note: 237]NE Day 4 at p 56, lines 7–11.

[note: 238]NE Day 4 at p 90, lines 1–4.

[note: 239]First plaintiff’s AEIC at [119] and second plaintiff’s AEIC at
[17].

[note: 240]Second defendant’s AEIC at [17].

[note: 241]NE Day 7 at pp 5–7.

[note: 242]Second defendant’s AEIC at [17].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

