Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PT Prima International Development _v_ Kempinski Hotels SA and other
appeals  
[2012] SGCA 35

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 94, 95, 96 and 98 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 July 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Belinda Ang Saw Ean
J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Michael Hwang SC and Ernest Wee (Michael Hwang Chambers)
and Nicholas Narayanan (Nicholas & Tan Partnership LLP) for the appellant in
Civil Appeals Nos 94, 95 and 96 of 2011 and the respondent in Civil Appeal No
98 of 2011; Adrian Wong, Jansen Chow and Andrea Baker (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
the respondent in Civil Appeals Nos 94, 95 and 96 of 2011 and the appellant in
Civil Appeal No 98 of 2011.  
Parties| :|  PT Prima International Development — Kempinski Hotels SA  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decisions from which the appeals arose are
reported at [2011] 4 SLR 633, [2011] 4 SLR 669 and [2011] 4 SLR 670.]

9 July 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The four appeals before us all arise out of awards made by the arbitrator
(“the Arbitrator”) in Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”)
Arbitration No 37 of 2002 (“the Arbitration”) between Kempinski Hotels SA
(“Kempinski”) and PT Prima International Development (“Prima”). Three of the
appeals – _viz_ , Civil Appeal No 94 of 2011 (“CA 94”), Civil Appeal No 95 of
2011 (“CA 95”) and Civil Appeal No 96 of 2011 (“CA 96”) – are brought by
Prima, while the fourth appeal, Civil Appeal No 98 of 2011 (“CA 98”), is
brought by Kempinski. Kempinski had earlier applied to the High Court to set
aside the Arbitrator’s third interim award dated 20 May 2008 (“the Third
Award”), fourth interim award dated 20 October 2008 (“the Fourth Award”) and
costs award dated 15 April 2009 (“the Costs Award”). In CA 94, CA 95 and CA
96, Prima is appealing against the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) setting aside, respectively, the Costs Award, the Third Award and the
Fourth Award. As for CA 98, it is Kempinski’s cross-appeal against the Judge’s
decision not to set aside the Third Award and the Fourth Award on some of the
grounds which it had relied on in its application to set aside those awards.

2 The Judge’s decisions setting aside the Third Award, the Fourth Award and
the Costs Award are reported in, respectively, _Kempinski Hotels SA v PT Prima
International Development_ [2011] 4 SLR 633 (“the Judgment”), _Kempinski
Hotels SA v PT Prima International Development_ [2011] 4 SLR 669 and
_Kempinski Hotels SA v PT Prima International Development_ [2011] 4 SLR 670.

Background

3 Prima, an Indonesian company, is the owner of the Plaza Hotel at Jalan
Jenderal Sudirman, Jakarta (“the Hotel”). Kempinski is a Swiss company which
manages and operates hotels around the world. On 15 April 1994,[note: 1]
Kempinski and Prima entered into an Operating and Management Contract (“the
Management Contract”) under which Kempinski was given the right to operate and
manage the Hotel for 20 years.[note: 2] Kempinski commenced managing the Hotel
after its soft opening in June 1998.[note: 3]

4 The Management Contract was subject to Indonesian law. It contained the
following arbitration agreement in Art 20:[note: 4]

Any dispute or difference arising out of or in connection with or resulting
from [the Management Contract], its application or interpretation, where an
amicable settlement cannot be reached, shall be referred to and determined by
arbitration under the Rules of the [SIAC]. The arbitration shall be governed
by the laws of Indonesia. All proceedings shall be in the English language.
The place of arbitration shall be Singapore. The arbitral award shall be final
and judgement thereof may be entered in any Court having jurisdiction thereof.

It should be noted that the applicable version of the SIAC’s Arbitration Rules
for the purposes of the Arbitration was the SIAC Rules (2nd Ed, 22 October
1997) (“the SIAC Rules (1997 Ed)”).

5 Subsequently, the business relationship between the parties soured. On 6
February 2002,[note: 5] Prima gave Kempinski written notice of termination of
the Management Contract on the ground that Kempinski had failed to perform its
obligations under the Management Contract. Prima then entered into another
management contract with a different company to manage the Hotel in place of
Kempinski in April 2002.

Commencement of the Arbitration

6 The purported termination of the Management Contract by Prima led Kempinski
to commence the Arbitration on 20 May 2002.[note: 6] In its Points of Claim,
Kempinski sought the following remedies:[note: 7]

a) declarations to the effect that:–

i. [Prima] had wrongfully and unjustifiably purported to terminate the
[Management] Contract;

ii. [Kempinski was] not in material breach of the [Management] Contract;

iii. [Kempinski] should be entitled to continue with the [Management]
Contract;

b) an injunction restraining [Prima] from entering into or continuing with any
contract for the operation and management of the Hotel with any third party in
place of or in addition to [Kempinski], or otherwise interfering with the
[Management] Contract;

c) further or alternatively, an order/award for the specific performance of
the [Management] Contract;

d) further or alternatively, the full extent of the loss and damage caused to
[Kempinski], including loss of profits for the remainder of the term of the
[Management] Contract, if [Kempinski is] not to continue with the [Management]
Contract;

e) if for any reason, [Kempinski is] not to continue with the [Management]
Contract, the sum of about US$86,700.00 being the balance of the full amount
of the management fees due to [Kempinski] as against the discounted figure,
which discount was given on the basis of a continuation of the [Management]
Contract;

f) interest at such rate and for such period as the Arbitrator deems fit and
just;

g) costs; and

h) such further and/or other relief which the Arbitrator deems fit.

7 In September 2002, Prima filed its Points of Defence and Counterclaim in
which it pleaded that the termination of the Management Contract was valid
under Indonesian law and counterclaimed for damages against Kempinski for
breach of the Management Contract.

8 In the course of the Arbitration, Prima applied to the Arbitrator for leave
to amend its pleadings to include the defence that the Management Contract had
become illegal under Indonesian law because of three decisions issued by the
Indonesian Ministry of Tourism in, respectively, November 1996, June 1997 and
May 2000 which changed the regulatory conditions for the management of hotels
in Indonesia (“the Three Decisions”). In substance, the Three Decisions made
it illegal for a foreign entity to manage hotels in Indonesia unless it set up
a company incorporated in Indonesia (a “PMA company”) or entered into a joint
venture with Indonesian partners.

9 As either means of managing the Hotel had negative tax implications for
Kempinski, it had, after the second of the Three Decisions was issued, sought
legal advice on how to carry on managing the Hotel without contravening the
altered regulatory framework. Kempinski’s legal counsel had advised that
Kempinski would not contravene the altered regulatory framework if it managed
the Hotel without having a commercial presence in Indonesia or without
bringing any monetary assets into Indonesia.[note: 8] Kempinski’s legal
counsel had further advised that since the general manager of the Hotel was
employed by Prima (although he was nominated by Kempinski, which was then the
industry practice),[note: 9] that meant that Kempinski did not have a
commercial presence within Indonesia, and, as such, would not be acting in
contravention of the altered regulatory framework.[note: 10] Acting on such
legal advice, Kempinski had continued to manage the Hotel without any
objection from Prima.

10 Prima’s purpose in applying for leave to amend its Points of Defence and
Counterclaim to plead supervening illegality was not to rely on it to deny
liability for breach of contract should Kempinski prove that Prima had indeed
terminated the Management Contract wrongfully. Instead, Prima’s purpose was to
rely on supervening illegality to limit the period for which Kempinski could
claim damages. Specifically, Prima sought to argue that the relevant period
should end on the date when the Management Contract began to be performed
illegally by Kempinski. As Prima conceded that a reasonable period of time
within which to comply with the Three Decisions would be one year from the
date on which the last of the Three Decisions was issued (_viz_ , 3 May 2000),
it took the position that the period for which Kempinski could claim damages
(in the event that it succeeded against Prima on the issue of liability)
should end on 3 May 2001. The Arbitrator gave leave to Prima in June 2003 to
make the aforesaid amendment.[note: 11] On 18 August 2003, Prima filed its
Points of Re-Amended Defence and Counterclaim specifically pleading
supervening illegality and _force majeure_ under Art 1245 of the Indonesian
Civil Code.

11 Shortly thereafter, Prima applied for the issue of illegality to be tried
as a preliminary issue for the reason that if Kempinski were not entitled to
damages from 3 May 2001 onwards, it would be moot for the Arbitration to
continue further on the issue of whether Prima was liable to Kempinski for
breach of contract since the alleged wrongful termination of the Management
Contract took place only after 3 May 2001 (specifically, on 6 February 2002).
The Arbitrator granted Prima’s application and issued Procedural Order No 1
dated 8 July 2003[note: 12] directing that the issue of illegality be tried
after Kempinski had closed its case in the Arbitration.

The Arbitrator’s first interim award

12 The Arbitrator heard arguments on the issue of illegality in two tranches.
The first tranche was heard between 26 and 28 July 2004, followed by two
rounds of written submissions by the parties. Prima’s submission that the
Management Contract had been rendered illegal by the Three Decisions was met
by Kempinski’s response that, first, there was no doctrine of supervening
illegality in Indonesian law and, second, the Three Decisions were
constitutionally invalid.

13 On 18 February 2005, the Arbitrator published his first interim award (“the
First Award”), which dealt with the issue of illegality as follows:[note: 13]

1\. … [T]he [Management] [C]ontract remains valid but has become impossible of
performance as a result of the [Three] Decisions.

2\. Any benefits passed by [Kempinski] to [Prima] under the [Management]
[C]ontract may be recoverable, subject to existing pleadings accommodating
such relief and subject to counterclaims by [Prima].

It should be noted that although the Arbitrator decided that the Management
Contract had become “impossible of performance as a result of the [Three]
Decisions”,[note: 14] what he actually meant was that it had become impossible
to perform, _save in a manner that_ _conformed_ _with the Three Decisions_.
This can be seen from para 68 of the First Award, where he stated that “[i]t
[was] clear that the [Three] Decisions _[did] not prevent the performance of
the [Management]__[C]ontract but only prescribe[d] a manner for [its]
performance_ ”[note: 15] [emphasis added].

The Arbitrator’s second interim award

14 The First Award did not settle the issue of how lawful performance of the
Management Contract – _ie_ , performance in a manner which complied with the
Three Decisions – could be carried out. To settle this issue, the parties
requested the Arbitrator to answer the four questions set out in the quotation
at [15] below. The Arbitrator considered those questions in the second tranche
of the oral hearing on the issue of illegality from 6 to 8 February 2006. Both
parties adduced expert evidence on Indonesian law, and the experts called by
the parties were also cross-examined. The parties also tendered further
written submissions. In particular, Kempinski’s expert witness, Prof Mariam
Darus (“Prof Darus”), opined that there were three methods of performing the
Management Contract that were permitted by the Three Decisions, namely:[note:
16]

(a) novation of the Management Contract to and subsequent performance through
a PMA company;

(b) delegated performance of the Management Contract through an Indonesia
corporation pursuant to Art 18(1) of the Management Contract; and

(c) modification of the Management Contract to include an Indonesian company
within a tripartite arrangement.

15 The Arbitrator published his second interim award (“the Second Award”) on
12 December 2006 in which he answered the four questions referred to him by
the parties as follows:[note: 17]

**Question One: Given the finding [in the First Award] that the [Management]
Contract is valid but is not capable of performance except in the manner
prescribed in the [Three] Decisions, are any claims to damages arising from
the [Management] Contract still available to [Kempinski] under Indonesian
law?**

The answer that must be given is that there are alternative methods of
performance which would be consistent with the [T]hree Decisions. Given that
the [Management] Contract is valid, recourse to these alternative methods of
performance is viable. Their existence rules out _force majeure_. Failure to
give effect to them raises the possibility of a remedy by way of damages.
Thus, claims for damages arising from the [Management] Contract are still
available to [Kempinski] under Indonesian Law.

**Question Two: If … claims to damages are still available to [Kempinski,]
what are the bases for computation of such damages?**

Subject to any defences which arise from the pleadings and other
counterclaims, the normal basis for damages would be for the loss of profits.
The life of the [Management] Contract has to be determined in the light of the
circumstances. Other matters that may affect damages are matters for further
evidence.

**Question Three[:] If … claims for damages are not available to [Kempinski],
are there any other remedies (including a declaration) available to
[Kempinski]?**

This question need not be answered in view of the finding that there is a
remedy by way of damages still open.

**Question Four[:] If no remedies are available, should the [c]laims be
dismissed and an appropriate order made as to costs?**

As there are remedies available, the claim need not be dismissed.

[emphasis in bold in original]

The Third Award

16 After the Second Award was published, Prima discovered that Kempinski had
entered into a contract dated 28 April 2006 (as later admitted by Kempinski)
to provide hotel management services in respect of another hotel in Indonesia
(“the New Management Contract”). This contract was entered into after
Kempinski incorporated a company in Indonesia. On 28 March 2007, Prima’s
solicitors wrote to the Arbitrator to seek “clarification”[note: 18] of the
Second Award in the light of this newly-discovered information. Specifically,
Prima requested the Arbitrator to consider whether the three modes of
performing the Management Contract set out at [14] above were still possible
in view of the New Management Contract,[note: 19] which, it contended, was in
breach of the exclusivity clause in Art 21 of the Management Contract. A
conference was held on 10 April 2007 to decide how the Arbitration should
proceed. Following that conference (“the April 2007 Directions Conference”),
Kempinski failed to comply with the Arbitrator’s order for it to give full
disclosure of the salient terms of the New Management Contract, and only
disclosed that it would be managing the Grand Hotel Indonesia Kempinski under
the New Management Contract. Dissatisfied with the extent of Kempinski’s
disclosure, the Arbitrator issued further discovery orders. This led to
Kempinski’s statement that the New Management Contract was entered into on 28
April 2006.[note: 20] The parties subsequently tendered written submissions
and expert opinions to the Arbitrator.

17 On 20 May 2008, the Arbitrator published the Third Award, which held as
follows:[note: 21]

(i) [T]he New Management Contract made on [28th] April 2006 is inconsistent
with the obligations [of Kempinski] under the [Management Contract] …

(ii) As a result the methods of performance that remained open after the Three
Decisions are no longer possible.

(iii) The possibility of damages for the period between the date of the
alleged termination of the [M]anagement [C]ontract and [28th] April, 2006
still remains. When submissions on this issue are completed, the [Arbitrator]
will make an award as to damages and costs.

18 Consequent upon the Third Award, the Arbitrator directed the parties on 20
May 2008 to file submissions on whether, in the event that Kempinski succeeded
against Prima on the issue of liability, any damages would be payable to
Kempinski for the period between the date of the alleged wrongful termination
of the Management Contract by Prima and the date on which the New Management
Contract was entered into by Kempinski (“the Intervening Period”). Kempinski
did not comply with the Arbitrator’s direction within the stipulated
timeframe. Instead, it filed Originating Summons No 903 of 2008 (“OS 903”) on
4 July 2008 to set aside the Third Award.

The Fourth Award

19 On 27 June 2008, pending the hearing of OS 903, Prima tendered its
submissions as directed by the Arbitrator and requested the Arbitrator to
decide, as a matter of law, whether any damages were payable to Kempinski for
the Intervening Period should Prima be found liable for breach of contract.
Prima contended that the Three Decisions had to be complied with within a
reasonable period of time. In this regard, Prima conceded that a reasonable
period of time would be one year from the date on which the last of the Three
Decisions was issued, but submitted that since that period had already expired
by the time the Intervening Period commenced, the Management Contract had
ended by operation of law even before the start of the Intervening Period. As
such, Prima argued, Kempinski could not claim any damages for the Intervening
Period. Prima further contended that any award of damages in favour of
Kempinski for the Intervening Period would be offensive to the public policy
of Indonesia.

20 Notwithstanding the absence of any arguments from Kempinski on the
aforesaid question (_viz_ , whether any damages would be payable to Kempinski
for the Intervening Period should Prima be found liable for breach of
contract), the Arbitrator proceeded to consider that question. He took the
view that awarding damages to Kempinski for the Intervening Period would
involve overlooking the fact that during that period, Kempinski performed the
Management Contract in a way which was contrary to the law of Indonesia as set
out in the Three Decisions. For this reason, the Arbitrator held, any award of
damages in favour of Kempinski for the Intervening Period would be against the
public policy of Indonesia and would not be enforceable. In the result, the
Arbitrator published the Fourth Award on 20 October 2008 holding that
Kempinski could not claim any damages for the Intervening Period and,
accordingly, its claims for relief in the Arbitration, including its claim for
specific performance of the Management Contract, had wholly failed.

21 On 29 January 2009, Kempinski filed Originating Summons No 121of 2009 (“OS
121”) to set aside the Fourth Award.

The Costs Award

22 After the issue of the Fourth Award, the Arbitrator requested the parties
to make submissions on costs. On 15 April 2009, he issued the Costs Award,
which was in favour of Prima. On 6 July 2009, Kempinski filed Originating
Summons No 766 of 2009 (“OS 766”) to set aside the Costs Award.

The Judge’s decision on OS 903, OS 121 and OS 766

23 Before the Judge, Kempinski made the following arguments in support of its
application to set aside the Third Award, the Fourth Award and the Costs Award
in, respectively, OS 903, OS 121 and OS 766:

(a) the Arbitrator lacked the jurisdiction to issue the Third Award and the
Fourth Award because the matters determined in those awards had already been
determined in the First Award and the Second Award (referred to hereafter as
“the _functus officio_ argument”);

(b) Prima was barred by issue estoppel from raising any issue relating to the
New Management Contract in the Arbitration after the Second Award was made
(referred to hereafter as “the issue estoppel argument”);

(c) in the Third Award and the Fourth Award, the Arbitrator had decided issues
that had not been formally pleaded, thereby acting beyond the scope of his
authority (referred to hereafter as “the pleadings argument”); and

(d) there was apparent bias on the part of the Arbitrator in conducting his
own line of inquiry into the New Management Contract, and Kempinski’s right to
be heard had been violated by (_inter alia_) the Arbitrator’s refusal to allow
cross-examination of the respective parties’ legal experts on the legal effect
of the New Management Contract (referred to hereafter as “the natural justice
argument”).

24 Prima contested all the above arguments and further submitted that even if
any of them were made out, Kempinski had not suffered any prejudice, and the
Third Award, the Fourth Award and the Costs Award (collectively, “the Three
Awards”) should therefore not be set aside.

25 The Judge set aside the Third Award on the basis that the New Management
Contract, which had a significant impact on the Arbitrator’s decision, had not
been pleaded. As for the other three arguments that were raised by Kempinski
in challenging the Third Award, the Judge found that they either did not apply
or consequential prejudice was not made out. The Judge likewise set aside the
Fourth Award on the ground that it was based on an unpleaded matter. Since the
Third Award and the Fourth Award were set aside, the Costs Award was also set
aside as a corollary.

The present appeals

26 In CA 94, CA 95 and CA 96, Prima is in effect seeking to restore,
respectively, the Costs Award, the Third Award and the Fourth Award. On its
part, Kempinski is cross-appealing in CA 98 against the Judge’s decision on
the ground that the Third Award and the Fourth Award should have been set
aside based on the other three arguments set out at [23] above (other than the
pleadings argument) as well.

CA 95

27 As mentioned earlier, in the court below, Kempinski raised four arguments
in support of its contention that the Three Awards should be set aside. The
pleadings argument is the subject matter of CA 95, while the other three
arguments come within the purview of CA 98. Should we decide to allow CA 95 in
respect of the Third Award, it will be necessary for us to deal with the
arguments raised by Kempinski in CA 98 to consider whether that award (as well
as the Fourth Award) should remain set aside, albeit on a different ground
from that relied on by the Judge. However, if CA 95 is dismissed, then CA 98
need not be addressed. For this reason, we shall deal with CA 95 first.

Article 34(2)(a)(iii) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration

28 The Judge’s decision to set aside (_inter alia_) the Third Award on the
ground that it was based on an unpleaded matter was made pursuant to Art
34(2)(a)(iii) of the UNICITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration (“the Model Law”), which (apart from ch VIII thereof) has the
force of law in Singapore by virtue of s 3 of the International Arbitration
Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”). Under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model
Law, an international arbitral award can be set aside if it is shown that:

[T]he award deals with a dispute not contemplated by or not falling within the
terms of the submission to arbitration, or contains decisions on matters
beyond the scope of the submission to arbitration …

29 At [54]–[56] of the Judgment, the Judge commented on Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of
the Model Law and the role of pleadings in arbitral proceedings as follows:

54 … The purpose of the arbitration agreement here, as in other cases, was to
bind [the] parties to submit the disputes arising under the [Management]
Contract to determination by arbitration. It did not imply that [the] parties
would be free at any time during the proceedings to raise material and
unpleaded points without having first made an application to amend their
pleadings.

55 … Under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law …, one of the grounds on which
an arbitration award may be set aside is where the matters decided by the
Tribunal were beyond the scope of the submission to arbitration. To determine
whether matters in an award were within or outside the scope of the submission
to arbitration, a reference to the pleadings would usually have to be made. It
is therefore incorrect for [Prima] to argue that jurisdiction in a particular
reference was not limited to the pleadings or that there was no rule of
pleading that requires all material facts to be stated and specifically
pleaded as would be required in court litigation. An arbitrator must be guided
by the pleadings when considering what it is that has been placed before him
for decision by the parties. Pleadings are an essential component of a
procedurally fair hearing both before a court and before a tribunal. I was
therefore surprised that [Prima] argued that it was not required to plead
material facts because this dispute was being adjudicated by an arbitrator.

56 _Singapore Arbitration Legislation Annotated_ by Merkin and Hjalmarsson
(Informa, 2009) … states at p 38:

Where an arbitration is conducted on the basis of [the] Model Law, art. 23,
the arbitrator is bound to decide the case in accordance with the parties’
pleadings, and he is not entitled to go beyond the pleadings and decide on
points on which the parties have not given evidence and have not made
submissions.

The above statement was adopted from _Ng Chin Siau v How Kim Chuan_ [2007] 2
SLR(R) 789, a decision that I made in the context of the Arbitration Act (Cap
10, 2002 Rev Ed) … The fact that it was incorporated in a text on the Model
Law and the [IAA] shows that the principles enunciated in that case are
accepted as applying equally to international arbitration under the [IAA]. In
that case, I emphasized that abiding by the rule as to the pleading of
material facts was essential in arbitration proceedings where the right of
appeal was severely limited.

Prima’s case on the pleadings argument

30 Before us, Prima’s case is that the Judge’s decision on the pleadings
argument is wrong for the following reasons:

(a) Pleadings are not essential in international arbitration.

(b) The essence of procedural fairness lies in Art 18 of the Model Law, which
does not require the filing of pleadings.

(c) Subject to the requirements of Art 18 of the Model Law, an arbitrator is
allowed to determine the arbitration procedure to be followed. The Model Law
does not fetter an arbitrator’s discretion to decide what the required
procedure in an arbitration should be or what the required content (or content
specificity) of the pleadings filed in an arbitration should be.

(d) The New Management Contract and its legal effect on Kempinski’s claim for
damages in general was an issue within the Arbitrator’s mandate as it fell
within “the scope of the submission to arbitration” for the purposes of Art
34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law. In this regard, Prima reiterates the argument
(which was rejected by the Judge) that the jurisdiction of the Arbitrator was
determined by the scope of the arbitration agreement in Art 20 of the
Management Contract, and not by the respective parties’ pleadings. The
arbitration agreement in this case, Prima submits, is of the widest possible
construction and would cover the relevant facts of the New Management Contract
in relation to the continuing viability (or otherwise) of Kempinski’s claim
for damages.

We should add, in relation to sub-para (d) above, that Prima’s submissions on
the New Management Contract were directed mainly at the legal effect of that
contract on Kempinski’s claim for damages; its legal effect on Kempinski’s
alternative claim for specific performance was hardly addressed before this
court. The same comment applies to Kempinski’s submissions on the New
Management Contract. We shall thus, in the rest of this judgment, discuss the
legal effect of the New Management Contract predominantly in respect of
Kempinski’s claim for damages. It should, however, be noted that our comments
and ruling on this issue apply equally to Kempinski’s alternative claim for
specific performance as well.

Our analysis of the pleadings argument

31 In our view, the crucial point in relation to the pleadings argument is
whether the legal effect of the New Management Contract was part of, or
directly related to, the dispute which the parties submitted for arbitration.
In _PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 597,
this court made the following observations on the jurisdiction (in the sense
of the mandate or authority) of an arbitral tribunal:

37 The law on the jurisdiction of an arbitral tribunal is well established.
Article 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law merely reflects the basic principle
that an arbitral tribunal has no jurisdiction to decide any issue not referred
to it for determination by the parties. In relation to this matter, we note
Lord Halsbury’s observations in _London and North Western and Great Western
Joint Railway Companies v J H Billington, Limited_ [1899] AC 79, where he
noted, at 81, as follows:

I do not think any lawyer could reasonably contend that, when parties are
referring differences to arbitration, under whatever authority that reference
is made, you could for the first time introduce _a new difference after the
order of arbitration was made_. Therefore, upon that question I certainly do
give a very strong opinion. …

[emphasis in original]

In _London and North Western and Great Western Joint Railway Companies v J H
Billington, Limited_ [1899] AC 79 at 81, Lord Halsbury LC was making a general
observation that where an arbitral award had been made on issues that had been
submitted for arbitration, one party could not be allowed to introduce a new
dispute which was not within the scope of the submission to arbitration.

The role of pleadings in arbitration and litigation

32 An arbitration agreement is merely an agreement between parties to submit
their disputes for arbitration. The disputes submitted for arbitration
determine the scope of the arbitration. It is plain that the scope of an
arbitration agreement in the broad sense is not the same as the scope of the
submission to arbitration. The former must encompass the latter, but the
converse does not necessarily apply, in that the particular matters submitted
for arbitration may not be all the matters covered by the arbitration
agreement. The parties to an arbitration agreement are not obliged to submit
whatever disputes they may have for arbitration. Those disputes which they
choose to submit for arbitration will demarcate the jurisdiction of the
arbitral tribunal in the arbitral proceedings between them. An arbitral
tribunal has no jurisdiction to resolve disputes which have not been referred
to it in the submission to arbitration. Simply put, a party cannot raise a new
dispute in an arbitration without the consent of the other party. These
propositions flow inexorably from the consensual nature of arbitration.

33 The role of pleadings in arbitral proceedings is to provide a convenient
way for the parties to define the jurisdiction of the arbitrator by setting
out the precise nature and scope of the disputes in respect of which they seek
the arbitrator’s adjudication. It is for this purpose that Art 23 of the Model
Law provides for the compulsory filing of pleadings as follows:

STATEMENTS OF CLAIM AND DEFENCE

(1) Within the period of time agreed by the parties or determined by the
arbitral tribunal, the claimant shall state the facts supporting his claim,
the points at issue and the relief or remedy sought, and the respondent shall
state his defence in respect of these particulars, unless the parties have
otherwise agreed as to the required elements of such statements. The parties
may submit with their statements all documents they consider to be relevant or
may add a reference to the documents or other evidence they will submit.

(2) Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, either party may amend or
supplement his claim or defence during the course of the arbitral proceedings,
unless the arbitral tribunal considers it inappropriate to allow such
amendment having regard to the delay in making it.

34 Additionally, Rule 18 of the SIAC Rules (1997 Ed) also provides for
pleadings to be filed by the parties. Accordingly, in order to determine
whether an arbitral tribunal has the jurisdiction to adjudicate on and make an
award in respect of a particular dispute, it is necessary to refer to the
pleaded case of each party to the arbitration and the issues of law or fact
that are raised in the pleadings to see whether they encompass that dispute.

35 Pleadings play a similar role in litigation. A useful summary of the
function of pleadings in litigation is provided by Sir Jack Jacob and Iain S
Goldrein, _Pleadings: Principles and Practice_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 1990) at pp
2–4 as follows:

**Pleadings — their dual object in summary**

Pleadings serve a two-fold purpose:

(a) … To inform each party what is the case of the opposite party which he
will have to meet before and at the trial; and

(b) … Concurrently to apprise the court [of] what are the issues. The identity
of the issues is crucial, not only for the purposes of trial, but also for the
purposes of all the pre-trial interlocutory proceedings.

**The object of pleadings — in detail**

(a) … To define with clarity and precision the issues or questions which are
in dispute between the parties and fall to be determined by the court. …

(b) … To require each party to give fair and proper notice to his opponent of
the case he has to meet to enable him to frame and prepare his own case for
trial. …

(c) … To inform the court what are the precise matters in issue between the
parties which alone the court may determine, since they set the limits of the
action which may not be extended without due amendment properly made. …

(d) … To provide a brief summary of the case of each party, which is readily
available for reference, and from which the nature of the claim and [the]
defence may be easily apprehended, and to constitute a permanent record of the
issues and questions raised in the action and decided therein so as to prevent
future litigation upon matters already adjudicated upon between the litigants
or those privy to them.

36 Although there is an important difference between arbitration and
litigation in the sense that arbitration is consensual in nature whereas
litigation is not, the basic principles applicable to determine the
jurisdiction of the arbitrator or the court to decide a dispute raised by the
parties are generally the same. In arbitration, the parties can determine the
scope of the arbitration; so can the parties in litigation _vis-à-vis_ the
issues to be tried. As Dyson LJ observed in _Al-Medenni v Mars UK Limited_
[2005] EWCA Civ 1041 at [21]:

… It is fundamental to our adversarial system of justice that the parties
should clearly identify the issues that arise in the litigation, so that each
has the opportunity of responding to the points made by the other. _The
function of the judge is to adjudicate on those issues alone. The parties may
have their own reasons for limiting the issues or presenting them in a certain
way. The judge can invite, and even encourage, the parties to recast or modify
the issues. Bu[t] if they refuse to do so, the judge must respect that
decision. One consequence of this may be that the judge is compelled to reject
a claim on the basis on which it is advanced, although he or she is of the
opinion that it would have succeeded if it had been advanced on a different
basis. Such an outcome may be unattractive, but any other approach leads to
uncertainty and potentially real unfairness._ [emphasis added]

37 Thus, if A sues B for damages for breach of contract and B joins issue with
A, the court cannot dismiss the claim on the ground that there is no contract
unless that ground is raised by way of an amended defence (allowed by the
court) at any time before the conclusion of the trial (see _Loy Chin
Associates Pte Ltd v Autohouse Trading Pte Ltd_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 740 at
[19]–[21]). Even where a new issue is raised by the court on its own motion as
a result of the evidence adduced during the trial, the defence should, for the
sake of good order, be amended so that the plaintiff may file an amended reply
and, if necessary, call rebuttal evidence on the new issue. This is an
established process to ensure fairness to the party affected by the new issue.
From the court’s perspective, any issue of fact and/or law that is relevant to
the dispute before it will normally be allowed to be raised by way of an
amendment to the pleadings so that all the issues relevant to the dispute can
be disposed of at the same time in the same trial (subject only to the
principle that a proposed amendment to a party’s pleadings, if allowed, must
not result in prejudice to the other party which cannot be compensated by way
of costs).

38 The established principles in this area of the law are clear. As Lord
Normand succinctly stated in _Esso Petroleum Co Ltd v Southport Corporation_
[1956] AC 218 at 238–239:

The function of pleadings is to give fair notice of the case which has to be
met so that the opposing party may direct his evidence to the issue disclosed
by them. …

…

… To condemn a party on a ground of which no fair notice has been given may be
as great a denial of justice as to condemn him on a ground on which his
evidence has been improperly excluded.

Similarly, in _Loveridge, Loveridge v Healey_ [2004] EWCA Civ 173, Lord
Phillips of Worth Matravers MR commented at [23]:

It is on the basis of the pleadings that the parties decide what evidence they
will need to place before the court and what preparations are necessary before
the trial. Where one party advances a case that is inconsistent with his
pleadings, it often happens that the other party takes no point on this. Where
the departure from the pleadings causes no prejudice, or where for some other
reason it is obvious that the court, if asked, will give permission to amend
the pleading, the other party may be sensible to take no pleading point.
Where, however, departure from a pleading will cause prejudice, it is in the
interests of justice that the other party should be entitled to insist that
this is not permitted unless the pleading is appropriately amended. That then
introduces, in its proper context, the issue of whether or not the party in
question should be permitted to advance a case which has not hitherto been
pleaded.

The scope of the submission to arbitration in the present case

39 In the present case, the scope of the parties’ submission to arbitration is
delineated by the Notice of Arbitration filed by Kempinski on 20 May 2002 in
accordance with Art 20 of the Management Contract. After setting out the
disputes arising from the Management Contract, Kempinski alleged that the
purported termination of the Management Contract by Prima on 6 February 2002
was legally unjustified, wrongful and/or in repudiation of that contract. In
consequence, Kempinski sought the reliefs set out at [6] above.

The Judge’s reasoning apropos the pleadings argument

40 The Judge set aside the Third Award on the ground that the New Management
Contract had not been pleaded and, thus, its legal effect was not an issue
which had been submitted for arbitration. Accordingly, the Arbitrator had no
jurisdiction to decide that issue and had acted in excess of his jurisdiction
in making the Third Award, which, on account of the New Management Contract,
indirectly amended the Second Award. The Judge held that the Arbitrator would
have had the jurisdiction to decide what legal effect the New Management
Contract had only if Prima had applied for leave to amend its pleadings to
plead that new point and thereby allowed Kempinski to amend its pleadings as
well to reply to that point.

41 The Judge explained her decision at [60]–[64] of the Judgment as follows:

60 In essence, [Prima] had claimed in the italicised portion of its Points of
Re-amended Defence and Counterclaim, that the [Management] Contract had become
unenforceable and/or incapable of performance after 3 May 2000 because of the
supervening illegality. This pleading was filed in August 2003 at which point
the [N]ew [M]anagement [Contract] had not been entered [into]. It was not in
the contemplation of [Prima] at that time, therefore, that the impossibility
of performing the [Management] Contract could possibly be due to conflicting
contractual obligations voluntarily undertaken by [Kempinski] with a third
party. [Prima] was saying only that the [Management] Contract could not be
performed because it had been rendered illegal by the Three Decisions or
because of the _force majeure_ consequence of the Three Decisions. At that
time, [Prima] considered the supervening illegality issue to be a total answer
to [Kempinski’s] claim. It was not necessary therefore to consider other
points which might make it impossible for [Kempinski] to perform the
[Management] Contract. The necessity of doing this only arose when the
Arbitrator found, based on Prof Darus’ evidence, that there were still three
possible ways of performing the [Management] Contract despite the Three
Decisions. Paragraph 43C of the Points of Re-Amended Defence and Counterclaim
thus does not, was not intended to, and cannot, cover the issue of the effect
of the [N]ew [M]anagement [Contract] on the possibility of performing the
[Management] Contract. A related point, _ie_ , the extent to which
[Kempinski’s] possible future claim to damages was restricted or adversely
affected by the [N]ew [M]anagement [Contract], was also not covered by this
pleading.

61 The correct course for [Prima] to have taken when it found out about the
[N]ew [M]anagement [Contract] in 2006 or 2007 was to have applied to amend its
pleading to include the allegation that the existence of the [N]ew
[M]anagement [Contract] was a fact which made it impossible for [Kempinski] to
perform the [Management] Contract and therefore to claim damages as from the
date the [N]ew [M]anagement [Contract] came into existence. Such an amended
pleading would have allowed [Kempinski] to amend its own pleading in order to
set out the possible grounds on which it could contend that the [N]ew
[M]anagement [Contract] would not have such an effect. The Arbitrator would
then have been able to take evidence on the [N]ew [M]anagement [Contract] and
the impact it had on the [Management] Contract and would have been able to
establish the facts necessary to come to a decision as to whether or not the
existence of the [N]ew [M]anagement [Contract] made it impossible for
[Kempinski] to perform the [Management] Contract and/or claim damages.

62 Instead of doing that, [Prima] raised the [N]ew [M]anagement [Contract] in
its letter of 28 March 2007 in which it asked for “clarifications” on the
Second Award. In para 9.1 of this letter …, [Prima] asked for clarification on
whether [Kempinski’s] application for a PMA licence to carry on the [N]ew
[M]anagement [Contract] was in breach of its active duty of good faith. In
para 9.4 of the same letter, [Prima] went on to ask for clarification whether
[Kempinski] was entitled after its own repudiation of the [Management]
Contract (_ie_ , by entering into the [N]ew [M]anagement [Contract]) to
prospectively perform the [Management] Contract by rectifying its prior and
existing breaches of the Three Decisions.

63 In my judgment, [Prima] was not truly asking for clarification on the
Second Award by making these queries. Instead, it was raising new issues for
the [Arbitrator’s] determination. Indeed, in a later written submission to the
court, [Prima] conceded that the wrong nomenclature had been used in the 28
March 2007 letter and that these matters were not matters of clarification.
Under the [IAA], there is only a limited residual power for a tribunal to
correct or interpret an arbitral award after it has been issued. Under Art 33
of the Model Law, a party to an arbitration may ask the tribunal to correct in
an award “any errors in computation, any clerical or typographical errors or
any errors of similar nature”. It is further provided that if the parties
agree, then one party may ask the tribunal to interpret a specific point or
part of the award. The two queries raised by [Prima] in the 28 March 2007
letter (see [62] above) did not fall into either of these categories. The
Arbitrator could either have ignored the request or pointed out the error.
Instead, unfortunately, he took up the points and this eventually resulted in
the Third Award. The issues raised required proper investigation and a
determination of the factual matrix. That this was not done was one
consequence of the issues being raised as “clarifications” and not in the form
of an amended pleading which would have served to identify properly to
[Kempinski] the case that it had to meet and reply to, and which would have
enabled it to put in the necessary response and evidence.

64 In the result, the Third Award must be set aside on the ground that failure
to plead the [N]ew [M]anagement [Contract] resulted in the [Arbitrator] making
a decision that was beyond the scope of the matters submitted to [him]. …

Was the legal effect of the New Management Contract within the scope of the
parties’ submission to arbitration?

42 As mentioned at [31] above, the crucial point in relation to the pleadings
argument is whether the legal effect of the New Management Contract was within
the scope of the parties’ submission to arbitration. This issue may be
determined by considering what disputes between the parties were submitted to
the Arbitrator for adjudication. Kempinski’s claim against Prima was for
damages for breach of contract for “the remainder of the term of the
[Management] Contract”[note: 22] starting from 6 February 2002 (the date on
which Prima terminated the Management Contract) and, in the alternative,
specific performance. On its part, Prima counterclaimed for damages for breach
of contract by Kempinski, and subsequently amended its Points of Defence and
Counterclaim to plead illegality and _force majeure_ arising from the Three
Decisions with effect from 3 May 2000. We pause here to mention that
“illegality” and “supervening illegality” are both English law concepts and
are not so characterised in Indonesian law. The Arbitrator referred to the use
of these terms as “an unfortunate facet”[note: 23] of the Arbitration that
“befuddled the issues to a considerable extent”.[note: 24] In the Arbitrator’s
view, “the situation of the [Three Decisions] required consideration of the
principles of _force majeure_ rather than that of illegality and should have
been considered in these terms from the outset”.[note: 25] However, he also
noted that “[t]his difference in nomenclature ha[d] not significantly affected
the outcome as sufficient clarity of the approach of Indonesian law had
emerged as the [A]rbitration proceeded.”[note: 26]

43 As mentioned earlier, the Arbitrator made the First Award on 18 February
2005 and held that the Management Contract had not been rendered illegal by
the Three Decisions, although it had become impossible to perform, save in a
manner that was in conformity with the Three Decisions. In the Second Award
made on 12 December 2006, the Arbitrator held that based on the expert opinion
of Prof Darus (Kempinski’s expert witness), the Management Contract could
still be lawfully performed in three ways which conformed with the Three
Decisions. After the Second Award was made, Prima discovered that Kempinski
had entered into the New Management Contract on 28 April 2006, which conduct
(it was not disputed) was in breach of Kempinski’s management obligations
under the Management Contract.

44 Consequent upon this discovery, Prima sought “clarification”[note: 27] from
the Arbitrator as to whether, in view of the New Management Contract, the
Management Contract could still be performed by Kempinski in any of the three
permitted ways set out in Prof Darus’ opinion. The Arbitrator directed the
parties to submit written arguments on this issue. In its written submissions,
Kempinski contended that the New Management Contract was irrelevant to the
issue of Prima’s liability for breach of the Management Contract and only had
a potential bearing on the issue of specific performance and damages.

45 In the Third Award made on 20 May 2008, the Arbitrator held that
Kempinski’s obligations under the New Management Contract were inconsistent
with its obligations under the Management Contract, and that as a result: (a)
Kempinski could no longer perform its obligations under the Management
Contract in any of the three ways that remained possible after the Three
Decisions were announced, and therefore could not claim any damages for the
period after 28 April 2006 (the date on which the New Management Contract was
entered into); but (b) the possibility of damages for the Intervening Period
still remained. The Arbitrator explained his reasoning as follows in the Third
Award:[note: 28]

12\. … When [Prof Darus] identified three alternative methods of performance,
she identified future conduct which would have enabled the performance of the
obligations under the [Management] [C]ontract. _It was the possibility of the
three alternative methods of performance that enabled the avoidance of a force
majeure situation and kept the [Management] [C]ontract alive.__Closing them
would obviously impact on the continuing validity of the [Management]
[C]ontract. The Awards_ [_ie_ , the First Award and the Second Award] _were
premised on this continuity validity._

…

14\. … [T]he three methods are techniques of future performance the
possibility of which keeps the [Management] [C]ontract alive for a reasonable
period of time. This view was foreshadowed in the First Award … _The
continuing validity of the [Management] [C]ontract … is premised on the future
possibility of the performance of [that] contract and any event which makes
that performance not possible impacts [on] the continuing validity of [that]
contract_.

…

[emphasis added]

46 The underlying legal basis of the Third Award was that of _force majeure_ ,
in that Kempinski, by entering into the New Management Contract on 28 April
2006, had breached Art 21 of the Management Contract and had thus made it
impossible for itself to thereafter perform the Management Contract by any of
the three methods of performance that remained possible after the Three
Decisions were announced. In other words, _force majeure_ had operated to
terminate the Management Contract as of 28 April 2006. As such, even if
Kempinski had succeeded against Prima on the issue of liability and even if
specific performance of the Management Contract during the Intervening Period
had been theoretically possible, after 28 April 2006, Kempinski’s claim for
damages as well as its alternative claim for specific performance were no
longer viable.

47 Having regard to the pleaded issues that were submitted for arbitration,
which included Kempinski’s claim for damages from 6 February 2002 onwards for
“the remainder of the term of the [Management] Contract”[note: 29] and its
alternative claim for specific performance, the issue of what legal effect the
New Management Contract had on the continuing viability of these two claims
after 28 April 2006 was, in our view, within the scope of the parties’
submission to arbitration. Even if Prima had wrongfully terminated the
Management Contract, Kempinski’s conduct in entering into the New Management
Contract would have prevented damages from accruing with effect from 28 April
2006 as thereafter, Kempinski, being itself in breach of the Management
Contract, could not suffer any loss, nor could it purport to be able to
perform the Management Contract in any of the three ways that remained
possible after the Three Decisions were announced. In our view, any new fact
or change in the law arising after a submission to arbitration which is
ancillary to the dispute submitted for arbitration and which is known to all
the parties to the arbitration is part of that dispute and need not be
specifically pleaded. It may be raised in the arbitration, as Prima did when
it raised the New Management Contract as part of its _force majeure_ defence
to Kempinski’s claim. We should also point out that Kempinski was given
sufficient notice of and opportunity to meet Prima’s _force majeure_ defence.

48 In our view, the Judge, with respect, took too narrow an approach in
determining the extent or scope of the Arbitrator’s jurisdiction under the
parties’ submission to jurisdiction. She erred in finding that since the New
Management Contract had not been pleaded, its legal effect on Kempinski’s
claim in the Arbitration was not within the scope of the parties’ submission
to arbitration. We take the different view that since Kempinski was seeking
either damages from 6 February 2002 onwards “for the remainder of the term of
the [Management] Contract”[note: 30] (_ie_ , until 15 April 2014) or,
alternatively, specific performance of the Management Contract, any new fact
or change in the law arising in the course of the Arbitration which would
affect Kempinski’s right to these remedies must fall within the scope of the
parties’ submission to arbitration. In the circumstances, it was well within
the Arbitrator’s jurisdiction to decide whether, in the event that Kempinski
succeeded against Prima on the issue of liability, the New Management Contract
had the legal effect contended for by Prima. The matter can be considered from
another perspective. Suppose we were to agree with the Judge and dismiss
Prima’s appeal in CA 95 on the ground that Prima should have (as the Judge
held) amended its pleadings to specifically plead the New Management Contract
and its legal effect, the final outcome of Kempinski’s claim in respect of the
period after 28 April 2006 (after this matter is remitted for arbitration)
would still be the same. Prima would still be entitled, after making the
necessary amendments to its pleadings, to adduce evidence of the New
Management Contract to show that Kempinski would not be entitled to any
damages or to insist on specific performance of the Management Contract after
28 April 2006.

49 Our conclusion on the pleadings argument provides a different perspective
as to whether it was necessary for Prima to further amend its Points of Re-
Amended Defence and Counterclaim to plead the defence arising out of the New
Management Contract. The Judge held that Prima’s failure to do so resulted in
the legal effect of the New Management Contract being outside the scope of the
parties’ submission to arbitration, and was therefore fatal to the Third
Award. However, leaving aside this conclusion (which, with respect, we have
held to be an error of law), the crucial question is whether Kempinski was
prejudiced by Prima’s omission to amend its pleadings to plead the New
Management Contract and its legal effect. The Judge held that Kempinski was
prejudiced in that if that issue had been formally pleaded, Kempinski would
have been able to reply to Prima’s pleadings on that issue. The Arbitrator
would then have been able to (see [61] of the Judgment):

… take evidence on the [N]ew [M]anagement [Contract] and … establish the facts
necessary to come to a decision as to whether or not the existence of the
[N]ew [M]anagement [Contract] made it impossible for [Kempinski] to perform
the [Management] Contract and/or claim damages.

50 With respect, we disagree with the Judge’s views on this issue. The
evidence on record shows that it was Kempinski which failed to disclose the
existence of the New Management Contract when the Arbitrator was considering
the four questions (see [15] above) which were the subject matter of the
Second Award, thus depriving the Arbitrator of the opportunity to factor in
the relevance and materiality of the New Management Contract before making the
Second Award. In this regard, we note that although Kempinski had not entered
into the New Management Contract yet at the time of the oral hearing relating
to the Second Award (that oral hearing took place from 6 to 8 February 2006
(see [14] above)), it subsequently entered into that contract _before_ the
Arbitrator issued the Second Award. After Prima discovered that Kempinski had
entered into the New Management Contract, it raised the issue with the
Arbitrator in a letter dated 28 March 2007 from its solicitors, and this
resulted in an exchange of communications between the parties and the
Arbitrator on: (a) 24 May 2007 (letter from Kempinski’s solicitors to the
Arbitrator);[note: 31] (b) 2 July 2007 (letter from Prima’s then solicitors to
the Arbitrator);[note: 32] and (c) 4 September 2007 (letter from Kempinski’s
solicitors to the Arbitrator).[note: 33] The Arbitrator also informed the
parties of the issues which he wanted them to address – in particular, the
legal effect of the New Management Contract – on the following occasions: (a)
at the April 2007 Directions Conference (see [16] above); and (b) in his
e-mails to the parties dated, respectively, 11 July 2007,[note: 34] 14
September 2007,[note: 35] 14 December 2007[note: 36] and 20 February
2008.[note: 37] Finally, written submissions and expert opinions on the legal
effect of the New Management Contract were tendered by both parties. _Vis-à-
vis_ the written submissions, Prima and Kempinski filed their first round of
written submissions on 26 October 2007; thereafter, Kempinski and Prima
tendered their second round of submissions on 1 February 2008 and 5 February
2008 respectively. As for the expert opinions, Kempinski’s expert, Prof Darus,
submitted eight sets of expert opinion (one on 25 April 2008 and seven on 7
May 2008), while Prima’s expert, Mr Fred Tumbuan (“Mr Tumbuan”), submitted his
expert opinion on 29 April 2008.

51 Given the extensive correspondence, written submissions and expert opinions
that were exchanged _vis-à-vis_ the legal effect of the New Management
Contract, we are of the view that Kempinski had ample notice of Prima’s case
on this particular point. That Prima did not amend its pleadings to
specifically plead the New Management Contract and its legal effect was, in
our view, immaterial. Kempinski did not suffer any prejudice in any way since
it was given ample opportunity to address this issue of law. Although the
Judge held that Kempinski was deprived of the opportunity to plead that the
New Management Contract was not inconsistent with the Management Contract,
this holding is, in our view, contrary to the conduct of Kempinski at the
Arbitration. The terms of the New Management Contract were within Kempinski’s
exclusive knowledge. All it had to do to answer Prima’s case on the New
Management Contract was to disclose that contract to the Arbitrator, either
with or without redacting the commercially-sensitive clauses.

Our ruling on CA 95

52 For the above reasons, we hold that the New Management Contract and its
legal effect fell within the scope of the parties’ submission to arbitration,
and the Arbitrator thus had the jurisdiction to decide that issue.
Accordingly, we find that the Judge erred in setting aside the Third Award.
Prima’s appeal in CA 95 is therefore allowed.

53 We shall now consider the merits of the other appeals, beginning with CA
98.

CA 98

The functus officio argument and the issue estoppel argument

54 As mentioned earlier, in CA 98, Kempinski contends that the Judge should
have set aside the Third Award and the Fourth Award based on the other
arguments set out at [23] above (apart from the pleadings argument) as well.
_Vis-à-vis_ the _functus officio_ argument, Kempinski’s case in the court
below was that the Arbitrator was _functus officio_ when he made the Third
Award and the Fourth Award as the matters determined therein had already been
determined in the First Award and the Second Award. In respect of the issue
estoppel argument, Kempinski’s case before the Judge was that after the Second
Award was made, Prima was estopped from relying on the New Management Contract
to challenge Kempinski’s ability to perform the Management Contract. The Judge
rejected both the _functus officio_ argument and the issue estoppel argument
on the ground that the First Award and the Second Award dealt with matters
that were distinct from those determined in the Third Award and the Fourth
Award (see [30]–[46] and [48]–[51] of the Judgment).

55 We agree with the Judge’s decision in OS 903 that the issues decided by the
Arbitrator in the First Award, the Second Award, the Third Award and the
Fourth Award were distinct from one another. The First Award held that, as a
matter of law, the Three Decisions did not render the Management Contract
illegal, but merely made its performance impossible except in a manner that
was in conformity with the Three Decisions. The Second Award held that, as a
matter of law, since there were alternative methods of performing the
Management Contract in a manner that conformed with the Three Decisions,
damages would still be available to Kempinski if it had performed the
Management Contract in such a manner. The Third Award held that Kempinski
could not claim damages for the period from 28 April 2006 onwards as a result
of its entering into the New Management Contract, which conduct made it
impossible for Kempinski, after 28 April 2006, to lawfully perform its
obligations under the Management Contract in any of the three ways that
remained open after the Three Decisions were announced. The Fourth Award held
that Kempinski also could not claim damages for the Intervening Period, and,
thus, its claim in the Arbitration had wholly failed. For these reasons, we
reject both the _functus officio_ argument and the issue estoppel argument.

The natural justice argument

Apparent bias

56 In the court below, Kempinski also sought to set aside the Third Award by
raising the natural justice argument (see [23(d)] above). Among other things,
it alleged that there had been apparent bias on the Arbitrator’s part as:

(a) he had entered the fray by asking Kempinski for information on the New
Management Contract and by requesting for submissions from the parties on
whether an adverse inference should be drawn from Kempinski’s failure to give
proper discovery of that contract; and

(b) he had conducted the Arbitration with a closed mind in that he had reached
conclusions on certain matters of Indonesian law without expert evidence
having been adduced on those matters.

57 The Judge reviewed the evidence and held that Kempinski’s allegation that
the Arbitrator had entered the fray by asking for information on the New
Management Contract was not made out as the existence of that contract had
been raised by Prima and the Arbitrator had merely asked Kempinski for more
information. As for Kempinski’s complaint that the Arbitrator had entered the
fray by requesting the parties to submit on whether an adverse inference
should be drawn against it (Kempinski) for failing to give proper discovery of
the New Management Contract, the Judge dismissed the complaint on the ground
that it was Kempinski’s repeated failure to disclose the material terms of
that contract which had given rise to the issue of whether an adverse
inference should be drawn. The Judge noted that Kempinski had been given
several opportunities to explain its failure to disclose the New Management
Contract, but had chosen not to do so.

58 With respect to Kempinski’s complaint that the Arbitrator had a closed mind
in that he had reached conclusions on certain matters of Indonesian law
without expert evidence having been adduced on those matters, this complaint
centred on two e-mails from the Arbitrator to the parties dated 14 September
2007 and 14 December 2007 respectively. The Judge was of the view (at [83] of
the Judgment) that in writing the e-mail of 14 December 2007:

… [T]he Arbitrator fell into error … This holding is not made because I think
that the Arbitrator displayed a closed mind. It is made because the Arbitrator
was making decisions which were beyond the scope of the existing pleadings and
without the benefit of additional evidence which may have been adduced had
both parties submitted proper pleadings on the issue of the [N]ew [M]anagement
[Contract]. …

However, the Judge went on to hold at [84] of the Judgment as follows:

… The SIAC Rules provide that any arbitrator may be challenged if
circumstances exist that give rise to justifiable doubts as to the
arbitrator’s impartiality or independence (r 10.1). [Kempinski] did not seek
to challenge the Arbitrator’s impartiality immediately after the issue of the
14 December [2007 e-mail]. This may be some indication that at the time
[Kempinski] did not consider that that [e-mail], whether taken alone or in
conjunction with the 14 September [2007 e-mail], showed a closed mind on the
part of the [Arbitrator]. The SIAC Rules also provide that a challenge must be
issued within 14 days after the relevant circumstances become known to the
challenger. It seems to me, although I do not express a concluded view since
this point was not argued before me, that [Kempinski’s] failure to challenge
the Arbitrator’s impartiality in late 2007 or early 2008 should preclude the
argument that is now being made on the basis of the [Arbitrator’s e-mails
dated 14 September 2007 and 14 December 2007].

59 For the reasons given by the Judge as set out at [57]–[58] above, we agree
with her finding that the Arbitrator did not enter the fray, nor did he have a
closed mind with regard to the matters of Indonesian law raised in his e-mails
of 14 September 2007 and 14 December 2007. Given that the Arbitrator is a
Professor of Law of the National University of Singapore, it is not surprising
that he thought of all the possible legal ramifications that could arise from
the facts before him and then sought the views of counsel for the parties on
those matters. In our view, the Arbitrator’s inquiries would not have given
rise to a reasonable suspicion or apprehension on the part of a fair-minded
reasonable person with knowledge of the relevant facts that he (the
Arbitrator) was biased or had already made up his mind when he raised the
matters of Indonesian law set out in his e-mails of 14 September 2007 and 14
December 2007.

60 Indeed, we note that under Rule 25(e) of the SIAC Rules (1997 Ed), an
arbitrator has the power to conduct on his own motion such inquiries as may
appear to him to be necessary or expedient. Further, under Art 19 of the Model
Law, an arbitrator may conduct an arbitration in such manner as he considers
appropriate, including in relation to determining the admissibility,
relevance, materiality and weight of any evidence.

The right to be heard – Cross-examination of expert witnesses

61 Before the Judge, Kempinski also alleged, as part of the natural justice
argument, that it had been denied the right to be heard before the Third Award
was made, in that it had been deprived of the opportunity to cross-examine
Prima’s expert witness, Mr Tumbuan, on the legal effect of the New Management
Contract. The Judge accepted Kempinski’s argument, but held that it had
suffered no prejudice. At [96]–[97] of the Judgment, the Judge explained why,
on balance, there had been no prejudice to Kempinski:

96 It is my view … that the [Arbitrator] should have, at the least, asked the
parties whether they wished to cross-examine each other’s expert on the new
opinions submitted before [he] proceeded to issue the Third Award. The 2005
Procedural Order [_viz_ , the procedural order by the Arbitrator dated 20
September 2005 directing, in essence, that the four questions set out in the
quotation at [15] above were to be dealt with by cross-examination of the
parties’ expert witnesses],[note: 38] the [Arbitrator’s] insistence on cross-
examination in the 28 September 2005 letter, and the vigorous cross-
examination of the experts that had previously taken place would have combined
to create an expectation that new expert evidence would not be accepted or
rejected without giving the experts the opportunity to defend their views on
cross-examination. [Prima] put in an argument that, by this stage, the
[A]rbitration was akin to a documents-only arbitration. I cannot accept that
argument. There was a great deal of correspondence (in fact, far too much),
but that did not change the essential nature of the Arbitration especially as
[Kempinski] kept emphasising its desire to proceed to a hearing on the facts
and to cross-examine the factual witnesses.

97 One of the requirements for an award to be set aside on the ground of
breach of natural justice is that such breach must cause prejudice to the
rights of the party challenging the award. In this case, in one sense, the
breach caused prejudice to [Kempinski’s] rights because the Arbitrator in the
Third Award rejected Prof Darus’ opinions in relation to this issue: he
considered that they conflicted with evidence that she had previously given
and that he had accepted. Prof Darus was not given the opportunity to even
attempt to reconcile the apparent conflict between her previous and her
current evidence. Nor was [Kempinski] able to attempt, by cross-examination,
to wring any concessions from Mr Tumbuan on his conflicting opinion. _On the
other hand, since the breach occurred in the context of an award that was
outside the submission to arbitration, even if cross-examination had been
allowed the award would still have been invalid._ The parties in fact saved
costs by not conducting cross-examination. On balance, therefore, I hold that
in the circumstances the failure to invite parties to cross-examine each
other’s experts could not have prejudiced their rights.

[emphasis added]

62 Kempinski’s argument before us is that the Judge’s finding was that because
the New Management Contract was not within the scope of the parties’
submission to arbitration, the Arbitrator’s failure to allow it (Kempinski) to
cross-examine Prima’s expert witness on the legal effect of that contract did
not cause it any prejudice. Hence, Kempinski submits, if this court were to
disagree with the Judge and find that the legal effect of the New Management
Contract was within the scope of the parties’ submission to arbitration, then
it must follow that the lack of cross-examination of Prima’s expert witness on
this issue had resulted in a violation of Kempinski’s right to be heard and,
consequently, Kempinski had suffered prejudice.

63 In our view, Kempinski’s interpretation of the Judge’s reasoning as to why
the lack of cross-examination of Prima’s expert witness on the legal effect of
the New Management Contract had not caused it (Kempinski) any prejudice (and
had in fact saved it some expense) is correct. However, Kempinski’s conclusion
that if this court were to hold that the legal effect of the New Management
Contract was within the scope of the parties’ submission to arbitration (which
is what we have held at [52] above), then it must have suffered prejudice by
having been deprived of the right to cross-examine Prima’s expert witness on
this point does not necessarily follow. This is because, first, both parties’
expert witnesses had submitted their written opinion evidence on the legal
effect of the New Management Contract pursuant to the Arbitrator’s request in
his e-mail to the parties dated 17 March 2008 (“the Arbitrator’s 17 March 2008
e-mail”) (see [64] below). Second, there is nothing on record which showed
that Kempinski had requested and the Arbitrator had refused to allow Kempinski
to cross-examine Prima’s expert witness on the legal effect of the New
Management Contract in relation to, specifically, the question set out in the
Arbitrator’s 17 March 2008 e-mail. In the circumstances, Rule 22.1 of the SIAC
Rules (1997 Ed), in so far as it mandates that “[u]nless the parties have
agreed on documents-only arbitration, the Tribunal shall, _if either party so
requests_ , hold a hearing for the presentation of evidence by witnesses,
including expert witnesses, or for oral submissions” [emphasis added], does
not assist Kempinski. Third, even if Kempinski had indeed requested to cross-
examine Prima’s expert witness on the issue raised in the Arbitrator’s 17
March 2008 e-mail but had been turned down, it is now too late for Kempinski
to complain about the Arbitrator’s failure to allow such cross-examination
since Kempinski had not raised any objection when its request was turned down,
but had instead tendered two written opinions on the aforesaid issue. In this
regard, Rule 34.1 of the SIAC Rules (1997 Ed) provides that a party is deemed
to have waived its right to object to any non-compliance with these Rules if
it knows that any provision of or requirement under these Rules has not been
complied with, and yet proceeds with the arbitration without promptly stating
its objection. In our view, Kempinski’s argument that it had been denied the
right to be heard, in terms of having been denied the opportunity to cross-
examine Prima’s expert witness on the legal effect of the New Management
Contract (especially in relation to the issue raised in the Arbitrator’s 17
March 2008 e-mail), is nothing more than a veiled attempt to introduce by the
backdoor an objection which it has been deemed to have waived.

64 The crucial question _vis-à-vis_ Kempinski’s complaint that it had been
denied the right to be heard before the Third Award was made is whether each
party was given the opportunity to submit its expert witness’s written opinion
evidence on the legal effect of the New Management Contract, especially in
relation to the question set out in the Arbitrator’s 17 March 2008 e-mail,
before the Third Award was made. The question that was put to the parties in
the Arbitrator’s 17 March 2008 e-mail was as follows:[note: 39]

1\. Having regard to the fact that [Kempinski] has entered into [the] [N]ew
[M]anagement [C]ontract in the vicinity of the [Hotel] that was the subject
matter of the [Management] Contract between [Kempinski] and [Prima], is the
conduct of the parties to [the] dispute after 6 February 2002 relevant to the
issues that have been raised in this arbitration.

(2) The opinions must have regard to the [Second Award] and the methods of
performance open to [Kempinski] mentioned therein as well as those discussed
in the existing opinions of the experts.

The opinions should be submitted by 4th April, 2008.

65 Kempinski submitted the opinion of its legal expert, Prof Darus, on 25
April 2008, and Prima submitted the opinion of its legal expert, Mr Tumbuan,
on 29 April 2008. Thereafter, Kempinski submitted Prof Darus’ supplementary
opinion on 5 May 2008. The Arbitrator rejected Prof Darus’ opinion of 25 April
2008 that Kempinski’s entry into the New Management Contract was “legally
irrelevant under Indonesian law and ha[d] no effect on the quantum of damages
to be awarded to [Kempinski] for [Prima’s] wrongful termination of the
[Management] Contract”.[note: 40] He also rejected Prof Darus’ supplementary
opinion of 5 May 2008 as it “[did] not fall within the right of reply reserved
to [Kempinski] as a result of the late submission of Mr Tambuan’s
opinion.”[note: 41] As an aside, the Arbitrator noted that the materials
appended to Prof Darus’ supplementary opinion did not justify “a change of
opinion that ha[d] been given several times over by [Prof Darus] and on which
the [Arbitrator] ha[d] relied … for [his] earlier Award [_ie_ , the Second
Award].”[note: 42]

66 In contrast to Prof Darus, Mr Tumbuan was of the opinion that even if the
Management Contract were indeed valid (_ie_ , even if it were indeed not
illegal _per se_ as the Arbitrator had held in the First Award), it
nonetheless ended when Kempinski entered into the New Management Contract on
28 April 2006 because Kempinski’s conduct in doing so was in breach of Art 21
of the Management Contract, read with Art 22.5 thereof (we note here that Mr
Tumbuan actually referred to Art 22.6 of the Management Contract in his
opinion, but that was probably an inadvertent error on his part as it is Art
22.5 which contains the _force majeure_ clause). The Arbitrator accepted Mr
Tumbuan’s opinion and concluded that the New Management Contract was
“inconsistent with the obligations [of Kempinski] under the [Management]
[C]ontract”,[note: 43] thereby making it impossible for Kempinski, after 28
April 2006, to perform the Management Contract by any of the three methods
that remained open after the Three Decisions were announced.

67 Given that the parties clearly had the opportunity to present to the
Arbitrator their respective expert witnesses’ written opinions on the legal
effect of the New Management Contract, and given that the Arbitrator gave
careful consideration to all the written opinions, there is absolutely no
merit in Kempinski’s complaint that it had been denied the right to be heard
before the Third Award was made. In any event, having regard to the terms of
the exclusivity clause in Art 21 of the Management Contract, it is our view
that any cross-examination of Mr Tumbuan on the legal effect of the New
Management Contract could not possibly have reconciled Kempinski’s obligations
under the two contracts. Clearly, as opined by Mr Tumbuan, in entering into
the New Management Contract, Kempinski had made it impossible for itself,
after 28 April 2006, to perform its obligations under the Management Contract
in any of the three ways that remained possible after the Three Decisions were
announced. Article 21 of the Management Contract provided as follows:[note:
44]

During the Term of the [Management] Contract [Kempinski] shall not be
permitted to own and/or operate another Kempinski Hotel within Indonesia
without [the] prior written consent of [Prima], such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld. [Kempinski] shall use its best endeavours to enable
[Prima] to participate in any other Kempinski project in Indonesia.

By entering into the New Management Contract without the knowledge of Prima,
Kempinski did precisely what it was not allowed to do under Art 21 of the
Management Contract. Hence, after entering into the New Management Contract,
Kempinski was not in any position to perform its obligations to Prima under
the Management Contract by any of the three methods that were theoretically
available to it after the Three Decisions came into effect.

68 We should add that although the Judge held that the Arbitrator’s procedural
order dated 20 September 2005, which directed (in essence) that the four
questions set out in the quotation at [15] above were to be dealt with by
cross-examination of the parties’ expert witnesses,[note: 45] had created an
expectation on Kempinski’s part that cross-examination of the expert witnesses
would be permitted for the entire duration of the Arbitration (see [96] of the
Judgment (quoted at [61] above)), this finding is not strictly correct because
that procedural order had been given specifically with respect to the four
above-mentioned questions. That was why the Arbitrator did not seek the views
of the parties on whether cross-examination of the expert witnesses on the
legal effect of the New Management Contract should be allowed. Furthermore,
any expectation of cross-examination of the expert witnesses on the legal
effect of the New Management Contract was negated by the Arbitrator’s
correspondence with the parties. This can be seen from his e-mail to the
parties dated 14 September 2007, in which he wrote (after referring to
Kempinski’s failure to comply with the directions given at the April 2007
Directions Conference (see [16] above)):[note: 46]

In the light of the above, the [Arbitrator] invites the parties to address the
[Arbitrator] as to the disposition of the dispute. **_It is not necessary to
hear expert evidence as the law has now been sufficiently
canvassed._**_Parties could address the [Arbitrator]__through_** _written
submissions_** _._ … [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In a similar vein, in his e-mail dated 14 December 2007, the Arbitrator
informed the parties that:[note: 47]

…

7\. The issue now is to determine the effect of the [N]ew [M]anagement
[C]ontract … on the conclusion that there is the possibility of the
performance of the [Management] [C]ontract in the three methods that were
indicated in the [Second Award]. These three methods were identified after
expert evidence. The experts also indicated views on how the three methods
would work. _This dispenses with the need for further expert testimony on the
particular issue._ The impact of the [N]ew [M]anagement [C]ontract on these
three possible methods of performance will … be assessed in the light of the
existing expert evidence.

…

10\. … [A] holding that the [N]ew [Management] [C]ontract closes the
possibility of performance [of the Management Contract] in any of the three
ways left seems inevitable. It has not been disclosed when the negotiations
for the [N]ew [Management Contract] began. But it is evident that on or before
28th April 2006, the three possibilities of performance [of the Management
Contract] ceased. The result is arrived at on the basis of existing expert
evidence. [Kempinski] disputes this conclusion. To do so effectively, it must
be demonstrated that the three ways of performance _are still possible,
despite the [N]ew_ _[Management] [C]ontract. If the parties agree to provide
further expert evidence on this question, this would be heard_.

…

[emphasis added]

We thus find no merit in Kempinski’s complaint that it had been denied the
right to be heard (in terms of having been denied the right to cross-examine
Prima’s expert witness on the legal effect of the New Management Contract)
before the Third Award was made.

Our ruling on CA 98

69 For the above reasons, we reject Kempinski’s arguments in CA 98 and thus
dismiss this appeal. We now turn to CA 96.

CA 96

70 Before we consider the correctness of the Fourth Award, which is the
subject matter of CA 96, we note that it was issued on 20 October 2008 and
that Kempinski’s application in OS 121 to set it aside was filed on 29 January
2009, which was more than three months after the award was issued. However, no
issue of time bar arises as the Fourth Award was only received by Kempinski on
30 October 2008, and, thus, the filing of OS 121 on 29 January 2009 was within
“three months … from the date on which [Kempinski] … received the award” as
stipulated in Art 34(3) of the Model Law.

71 In the court below, Prima argued that even if the Third Award were set
aside, the Fourth Award could stand on its own. The Judge rejected this
argument and instead accepted Kempinski’s contention that if the Third Award
were set aside, then the Fourth Award must also be set aside. She reasoned
that (at [113] of the Judgment):

… [T]he [Arbitrator’s] finding [in the Fourth Award] that an award of damages
would be contrary to public policy was based on his earlier finding that the
[Management] Contract was in violation of the Three Decisions and the opinion
that no effort appeared to have been made to effect the changes that would
have made performance lawful (at para 62 of the Fourth Award). This opinion
was not based on any pleaded case nor had evidence been admitted in relation
to this issue. The Fourth Award must therefore be set aside as well.

We note that in making the above point, the Judge did not specify which
country’s public policy she was referring to. It is, however, clear from the
Fourth Award that the Arbitrator was referring to the public policy of
Indonesia (and not that of Singapore).[note: 48]

72 In the present case, Kempinski did not deny that after the Three Decisions
came into effect, it could not lawfully perform its obligations under the
Management Contract except by one of the three methods set out at [14] above.
This was the opinion of Prof Darus, its own expert. Kempinski chose not to and
did not address the Arbitrator on the question of whether, in the event that
it succeeded against Prima on the issue of liability, any damages were payable
to it for the Intervening Period. On Prima’s part, it said that that question
did not arise at all, reiterating its original view that the Management
Contract had already ended by operation of law by, at the latest, 3 May 2001,
one year after the date on which the last of the Three Decisions was issued.
Prima also argued that in any event, awarding damages to Kempinski for the
Intervening Period would be offensive to the public policy of Indonesia. In
our view, public policy is a question of law which an arbitrator must take
cognisance of if he becomes aware of it in the course of hearing the evidence
presented during arbitral proceedings. As noted in Gary B Born, _International
Commercial Arbitration_ (Kluwer Law International, 2009) at vol 1, p 835:

Notwithstanding the importance of party autonomy in international arbitration,
and the tribunal’s mandate to resolve those disputes which are submitted to it
(but not others), … [t]he arbitral tribunal’s judicial mandate is to resolve
the disputes that are submitted to it in accordance with applicable law –
including applicable mandatory law – and to render an award on such matters
that is binding and enforceable.

_Where the parties’ contract raises issues of illegality, violations of public
policy or mandatory law, or performance of administrative functions, then the
tribunal’s mandate must necessarily include consideration of those issues
insofar as they would affect its decision or the enforceability of its award._
…

[emphasis added]

As such, the Judge erred in setting aside the Fourth Award on the basis that
the public policy point “was not based on any pleaded case” (see the Judgment
at [113]).

73 We further note that even though after 3 May 2000 (the date on which the
last of the Three Decisions was issued), Kempinski purported to continue to
manage the Hotel until Prima terminated the Management Contract on 6 February
2002 and removed Kempinski’s nominated general manager from the premises, and
even though Prima explicitly endorsed Kempinski’s performance of the
Management Contract during that period by remunerating Kempinski for it, the
fact remains that Kempinski’s performance of the Management Contract during
that period was nevertheless an unlawful mode of performance. Arguably,
Kempinski’s unlawful performance would have continued after 6 February 2002 as
no visible efforts were made by Kempinski to make the changes that were
necessary to render its performance of the Management Contract lawful (_ie_ ,
in conformity with the requirements of the Three Decisions). In the
circumstances, any award of damages in Kempinski’s favour for the Intervening
Period would be tantamount to sanctioning a violation of a prohibition imposed
by law (specifically, by the Three Decisions). As noted in Chan Leng Sun,
_Singapore Law on Arbitral Awards_ (Academy Publishing, 2011) at para 6.152 in
a section discussing the setting aside of arbitral awards on the ground of
“arbitrability/public policy” (quoting from Michael J Mustill & Stewart C
Boyd, _Law and Practice of Commercial Arbitration in England_ (Butterworths,
2nd Ed, 1989) at p 149):

_The types of remedies which an arbitrator can award are limited by
considerations of public policy_ and by the fact that he is appointed by the
parties and not by the state. For example, he cannot impose a fine or a term
of imprisonment, commit a person for contempt or issue a writ of subpoena;
_nor can he make an award which is binding on third parties or affects the
public at large_ , such as a judgment _in rem_ against a ship, an assessment
of the rateable value of land, a divorce decree, a winding-up order …
[emphasis added]

74 Therefore, in our view, the Arbitrator was correct in holding in the Fourth
Award that he had no power to award any damages to Kempinski for the
Intervening Period as doing so would have been contrary to the public policy
of Indonesia.

75 For the above reasons, even if the Third Award were indeed invalid, the
Fourth Award should not have been set aside. Contrary to the Judge’s view, the
validity of the Fourth Award did not depend on the validity of the Third
Award.

CA 94

76 As we have allowed Prima’s appeals in respect of the Third Award and the
Fourth Award in CA 95 and CA 96 respectively, its appeal in CA 94 in respect
of the Costs Award (which relates, _inter alia_ , to the costs of the
proceedings leading to the Third Award and the Fourth Award) is also allowed.

Removal of the Arbitrator and remission to a freshly-constituted arbitral
tribunal

77 In the court below, the Judge, after setting aside the Three Awards,
remitted the Arbitration back to the Arbitrator as she found no reason to
order the Arbitrator to be removed and the Arbitration to continue before a
freshly-constituted arbitral tribunal. In view of our decisions, we agree that
there is no basis to consider Kempinski’s request for the Arbitrator to be
removed. Accordingly, the Arbitrator will now have to decide how to proceed
further with the Arbitration.

Conclusion

78 In the result, we allow Prima’s appeals in CA 94, 95 and 96, and dismiss
Kempinski’s cross-appeal in CA 98. Accordingly, we reinstate each of the Three
Awards and order that the costs of these appeals and the proceedings below be
paid by Kempinski, with the usual consequential orders to apply.

* * *

[note: 1]See para 3 of the Fourth Award (at vol 2, p 21 of the Core Bundle
filed by Prima for CA 96 (“CB-CA 96”)).

[note: 2]_Ibid_.

[note: 3]_Ibid_.

[note: 4]See the Core Bundle filed by Prima for CA 95 (“CB-CA 95”) at vol 2, p
55.

[note: 5]See the Core Bundle filed by Kempinski for CA 98 (“CB-CA 98”) at vol
2, p 90.

[note: 6]See para 6 of the Fourth Award (in CB-CA 96 at vol 2, p 22).

[note: 7]See CB-CA 95 at vol 2, pp 22–23.

[note: 8]See para 19 of the Fourth Award (in CB-CA 96 at vol 2, p 25); see
also para 21 of the First Award (in CB-CA 95 at vol 2, pp 194–195).

[note: 9]See para 30 of the Second Award (in CB-CA 95 at vol 2, p 251).

[note: 10]See paras 26–28 of the Fourth Award (in CB-CA 96 at vol 2, pp
28–30).

[note: 11]See para 10 of the Fourth Award (in CB-CA 96 at vol 2, p 22).

[note: 12]See CB-CA 98 at vol 2, pp 129–131.

[note: 13]See CB-CA 95 at vol 2, p 232.

[note: 14]_Ibid_.

[note: 15]See CB-CA 95 at vol 2, p 230.

[note: 16]See para 39 of the Fourth Award (in CB-CA 96 at vol 2, p 36).

[note: 17]See para 46 of the Second Award (in CB-CA 95 at vol 2, pp 260–261).

[note: 18]See, _inter alia_ , CB-CA 98 at vol 2, p 269.

[note: 19]See para 5 of the Third Award (in CB-CA 95 at vol 2, p 265).

[note: 20]See para 4 of the Third Award (in CB-CA 95 at vol 2, p 265).

[note: 21]See CB-CA 95 at vol 2, p 274.

[note: 22]See CB-CA 95 at vol 2, p 22.

[note: 23]See para 23 of the Fourth Award (in CB-CA 96 at vol 2, p 27).

[note: 24]See para 21 of the Fourth Award (in CB-CA 96 at vol 2, pp 26–27).

[note: 25]See para 25 of the Fourth Award (in CB-CA 96 at vol 2, p 28).

[note: 26]_Ibid_.

[note: 27]See, _inter alia_ , CB-CA 98 at vol 2, p 269.

[note: 28]See CB-CA 95 at vol 2, pp 269–270.

[note: 29]See CB-CA 95 at vol 2, p 22.

[note: 30]_Ibid_.

[note: 31]See CB-CA 98 at vol 3, pp 12–29.

[note: 32]See CB-CA 98 at vol 3, pp 30–42.

[note: 33]See CB-CA 98 at vol 3, pp 48–66.

[note: 34]See CB-CA 98 at vol 3, pp 43–44.

[note: 35]See CB-CA 98 at vol 3, pp 91–94.

[note: 36]See CB-CA 98 at vol 3, pp 135–142.

[note: 37]See CB-CA 98 at vol 3, pp 170–171.

[note: 38]See CB-CA 98 at vol 2, pp 236–237.

[note: 39]See CB-CA 98 at vol 4, p 14.

[note: 40]See CB-CA 98 at vol 4, p 52.

[note: 41]See para 20 of the Third Award (in CB-CA 95 at vol 2, p 273).

[note: 42]_Ibid_.

[note: 43]See CB-CA 95 at vol 2, p 274.

[note: 44]See CB-CA 95 at vol 2, p 56.

[note: 45]See CB-CA 98 at vol 2, pp 236–237.

[note: 46]See CB-CA 98 at vol 3, p 94.

[note: 47]See CB-CA 98 at vol 3, pp 136–137.

[note: 48]See CB-CA 96 at vol 2, p 149.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jul 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

