Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Huat Soon _v_ Lee Mee Leng  
[2012] SGHC 21

Case Number| :| OS 831 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Molly Lim SC and Sunanda Koh (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC)
for the plaintiff; Helen Chia and Tan Hwee Ching (Inca Law LLC) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tan Huat Soon — Lee Mee Leng  
  
31 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff was the defendant’s husband. They were married in Johor,
Malaysia, on 16 November 1980. They have three children – a son aged 25, a
daughter aged 21 and another son aged 19.

2 As a result of the breakdown of their relationship, the plaintiff moved out
of the matrimonial home in June 2005 and they lived separately thereafter. In
July 2005, the defendant filed for judicial separation in D 3063 of 2005. A
decree nisi for judicial separation was granted on 7 March 2006.

3 On 11 July 2007, the defendant lodged caveats against two immovable
properties registered in the husband’s sole name. The two properties are 47
Hume Avenue #06-02 Parc Palais, Singapore (“the Hume Property”) and 24
Fernwood Terrace #16-02, Singapore (“the Fernwood Property”). In each caveat,
the defendant claimed “an estate or interest in the land as beneficiary” by
virtue of the properties being matrimonial assets and “a constructive trust in
favour of the Caveator inferred from the Registered Proprietor’s conduct and
representation to the Caveator that the Caveator would acquire a beneficial
share in the said property and/or the proceeds of the sale thereof”.

4 On 14 November 2008, the defendant commenced divorce proceedings in D 5652
of 2008. Interim judgment was granted on 10 July 2009.

5 The defendant and the parties’ three children are currently living in
Canada. They have obtained permanent resident status there. The eldest child
is working, the second is completing her studies this year and the youngest is
also studying in a university.

The originating summons

6 In this originating summons, the plaintiff asked that he be allowed to
mortgage each of the two properties for a sum not exceeding 50% of their
respective market values in order to secure credit facilities from DBS Bank.
He also sought consequential orders for the defendant to remove her caveats
against the properties and costs.

The plaintiff’s case

7 The plaintiff wished to obtain additional trade facilities for his company,
Vandashima Hi-Tech Materials (S) Pte Ltd (“Vandashima”), from DBS Bank. His
company was incorporated in Singapore with a paid-up capital of US$1m, with
the plaintiff holding about 98% of its shares. The company is in the business
of import and export of chemicals and high-tech materials. Its trade is in US
dollar and it requires letters of credit to be issued by the said bank to
finance its purchase of materials for export to third parties. The bank’s
various credit facilities to the company are S$115,000 by way of overdraft,
US$900,000 for import line financing, letters of credit, etc (“the trade
limits”) and S$100,000 for foreign exchange lines. The facilities are secured
by, among other things, a first charge on the company’s assets and by the
husband’s fixed deposit of US$539,925.32.

8 Due to the depreciating US dollar, the company exceeded the trade limits of
the bank on various occasions. To resolve this problem, the company requested
the bank to increase the trade limits but the bank was willing to do so only
if security was furnished for the increased trade limits. However, the company
does not own any other assets which could be put up as security.

9 The only assets available are the Hume Property and the Fernwood Property.
The bank was prepared to consider an increase in the trade limits of up to 50%
of the current valuation of the two properties to be secured by a mortgage on
the said properties. However, the bank wanted the defendant’s caveats to be
lifted first.

10 According to the plaintiff, the current value of the Hume Property is about
$1.1m and that of the Fernwood Property is about $1.5m. His company would
therefore be able to increase the trade limits by about S$1.3m (50% of the
combined values of the two properties).

11 The Hume Property was purchased by the plaintiff in 1997 as his alternative
home because of the marital problems the parties were having. He is presently
residing there. The defendant has never resided there and has not contributed
financially at all towards this property.

12 The Fernwood Property was also paid for solely by the plaintiff. The family
resided there between 1997 and 2005. After the plaintiff moved out of this
matrimonial home, the defendant and the children continued residing there
until they re-located to Canada in 2008. The property is now rented out.

13 The plaintiff disputed the defendant’s claims to a share in the two
properties. On 20 May 2008, he filed originating summons 683 of 2008 to remove
the caveat lodged against the Hume Property. On 10 July 2009, he commenced
originating summons 795 of 2009 to remove the caveat on the Fernwood Property.

14 On 14 August 2009, Choo Han Teck J dismissed the plaintiff’s originating
summons in respect of the Hume Property on the ground that “the spouse who is
not a registered co-owner will thus, by virtue of her entitlement to claim a
share, have an equitable interest in the property” (see _Tan Huat Soon v Lee
Mee Leng_ [2009] SGHC 199 at [5]). The plaintiff did not appeal the decision
as he was then not in need of funds for his business and therefore did not
need to mortgage the property. Further, he had no intention of selling the two
properties and had expected the ancillary matters in the divorce proceedings
to be concluded expeditiously. As a consequence of the dismissal of the
originating summons pertaining to the Hume Property, the plaintiff withdrew
his application in respect of the Fernwood Property.

15 However, there was delay in the divorce proceedings caused by the
defendant’s refusal to give full and frank disclosure and by the contested
applications pertaining to custody and maintenance. In the meantime, the
plaintiff’s financial situation has deteriorated and he is now in need of
additional trade facilities for Vandashima, his main source of income. The
company’s business would be adversely affected, jeopardizing the livelihood of
some 40 employees. The plaintiff has also spent over $1m to maintain the
children and their overseas education and a similar amount in legal fees for
this matrimonial dispute.

16 The plaintiff argued that since Choo Han Teck J’s decision was to protect
the defendant’s share (if any) in the two properties, allowing him to take up
financing of up to 50% of their combined values would not prejudice the
defendant in any way. In any case, it was unlikely in the circumstances of the
marriage that the defendant would receive a 50% share (the percentage claimed
by the defendant) in the matrimonial assets. The defendant was well-off,
having declared her assets at $2.33m as at 2006, although, the plaintiff
submitted, the evidence uncovered showed her assets to be in excess of $6m.
She is living with the children in a bungalow in Vancouver, Canada, which was
bought by her. His assets as at 2006 amounted to $8.45m. The total assets
available for division would therefore be around $14.45m. Should the defendant
be awarded 50% of the total matrimonial assets, her share would be about
$7.22m and that meant that only $1.2m would come out of the plaintiff’s
assets. The balance of 50% of the combined values of the two properties would
therefore be sufficient to take care of this eventuality. He has not defaulted
in his maintenance obligations for his family for the past six years.

17 As the defendant did not respond to the plaintiff’s request for her consent
to lift the caveats, he had no choice but to make this application to court.
The defendant was well out of time when she filed her affidavit to oppose this
application. The plaintiff did not wish to delay matters further by having to
respond to her affidavit and asked that the court disregard her late affidavit
which contained untruths and also did not seek to explain the delay in filing.
He argued that Choo Han Teck J’s decision in the earlier originating summons
did not prejudice this application in view of the change in his financial
situation and the fact that he was no longer arguing that the defendant had no
interest upon which to lodge a caveat. In any event, the judge appeared to
have changed his mind about whether a claim made by a wife in such
circumstances could support a caveat (see _Lee Chi Lena v Chien Chuen Chi
Jeffrey_ [2011] SGHC 91).

18 As an alternative, the plaintiff asked that he be allowed to mortgage the
entire Hume Property, leaving the Fernwood Property intact to await the
decision on division of assets by the court.

The defendant’s case

19 The defendant argued that the plaintiff has not shown any documentation to
support his alleged need to use the two properties as collateral for his
company’s trade facilities. No company statements or bank documents (such as a
letter of offer of facilities) have been produced to support his contention.

20 The plaintiff has also not shown the current value of the properties nor
has he indicated the value needed as collateral for the alleged facilities.
The valuations provided by the plaintiff were informal ones.

21 The defendant alleged that this application was the plaintiff’s fresh
attempt to dilute and dissipate the matrimonial assets after having failed in
one of the earlier originating summonses and having withdrawn the other. No
reason was given by him for wanting the caveats lifted then.

22 The parties’ applications for discovery of documents are still pending
before the court. Both parties’ forensic accountants’ reports are ready. Just
as the plaintiff disputes the defendant’s forensic accountant’s report, the
defendant also disputes the plaintiff’s forensic accountant’s report on the
defendant’s assets.

23 The defendant’s counsel had no instructions on whether the bungalow in
Canada was indeed bought by the defendant. They communicate by email and are
hampered by the time difference between Canada and Singapore, While the
defendant and the children are Canadian permanent residents, the defendant
does return to Singapore to visit her family.

24 Citing Lai Siu Chiu J’s decision in _Eu Yee Kai Alexander Junior v Hanson
Ingrid Christina_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 586, the defendant submitted that the
application for the caveats to be removed should be dismissed as there is
“reason for the caveat to remain, so that the defendant’s rights and interests
were protected” (at [27] of the judgment). The defendant added that in the
same case, another application to remove the caveat was allowed solely because
the property was being sold and the purchasers had exercised the option.
However, the court ordered that the sale proceeds be held by the solicitors as
stakeholders pending the outcome on the division of matrimonial assets.

25 The defendant argued that the purpose of the application, even if it were
true, held a risk to the defendant as the ancillary matters are long
outstanding in the Family Court. She asked that her rights be preserved
pending the conclusion of all the proceedings.

The decision of the court

26 As acknowledged by the parties, this application does not involve the
question whether the defendant has an interest in the properties which could
be the subject of the caveats. Instead, it concerns an application by the
plaintiff for relief from the harshness of having both his immovable
properties rendered commercially useless save for rental.

27 The plaintiff has shown a good reason why he needs to use one or both of
the properties as collateral security. He has to keep his flagship business
operating at optimum strength in the midst of an adverse financial
environment. This business provides the bulk of his income by which he
maintains himself and his family. It is also the lifeline of several dozen
employees.

28 There is no evidence that the plaintiff has neglected his financial
obligations to his family over the last six years of the matrimonial
proceedings or that he was given to hiding or dissipating assets. The long
drawn out ancillary proceedings, possibly due to the acrimony of both parties,
should not be allowed to put his life on hold or to destroy his commercial
enterprise.

29 The defendant certainly does not appear to be a helpless lady in dire
financial straits. On the contrary, she appears to be a confident and capable
person, well able to manage her finances and get on with her life. She does
not need any of the two properties in issue to maintain a roof over her head.
Even if one of the properties should be lost as a result of a mortgagee’s
sale, the other property and assets of the plaintiff should be more than
enough to make up for its loss. This is on the assumption that the defendant
will succeed in her claim for up to 50% of the matrimonial assets.

30 The three children appear to be doing well in their education and
financially. The plaintiff has not neglected them during the course of his
troubles with their mother.

31 Allowing one of the properties to be used as collateral security for the
plaintiff’s business will not harm the defendant’s interests, especially if
the one of lower value is used. Indeed, it should benefit the parties and the
children if Vandashima’s viability is thereby secured. That will help preserve
or even enhance the plaintiff’s assets rather than dissipate them.

32 On the facts here, I decided that the plaintiff should be permitted the use
of only the Hume Property, for up to 100% of its value, for his company’s
commercial needs. This will be a lot neater than having both properties
mortgaged for up to 50% of their values as suggested by the plaintiff in his
application. It will ensure that the Fernwood Property, which is of higher
value, remains available to be given to the defendant if the situation calls
for such a move and if the court so decides. The plaintiff’s immediate needs
will be taken care of and the defendant’s future interests preserved.

33 Accordingly, I ordered the defendant to lift the caveat on the Hume
Property while allowing that for the Fernwood Property to remain on the
records. The plaintiff would be allowed to mortgage the Hume Property for its
entire value. The Registrar of the Supreme Court would have the power to lift
the caveat on the Hume Property on the defendant’s behalf should she refuse or
neglect to comply within one week of the order. I further ordered the costs of
this originating summons to be costs in the cause in the hearing on the
matrimonial assets.

34 The defendant has appealed against the orders relating to the Hume
Property.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

