Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  BDA _v_ BDB  
[2012] SGHC 209

Case Number| :| District Court Appeal No. 19 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Koh Tien Hua (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
appellant; Raymond Yeo (Messrs Raymond Yeo) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  BDA — BDB  
  
18 October 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

1 This is an appeal filed by BDA (“the Wife”) against the decision of a
District Court judge (“the Judge”) where the Judge stayed an application for
maintenance filed by the Wife against her husband, BDB (“the Husband”), under
s 69 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Women’s Charter”) on the
ground of _forum non conveniens_.

Facts

2 The Husband and the Wife were married in India in February 2005. Both of
them are legally qualified to practise law in India. In addition, the Wife is
also qualified to practise as a solicitor in England and Wales. Within six
months of the marriage, the parties moved to Hong Kong in pursuit of their
careers. In January 2008, the parties relocated themselves to Singapore. Their
son was born in Singapore in January 2010. Both the Husband and the Wife lived
with the son in the matrimonial home until October 2010, when the Wife took
the son and left for India. Prior to her departure from Singapore, the Wife
was working at a local law firm as a lawyer. The Husband continues to be
employed in Singapore.

3 The Husband and the Wife are citizens of the Republic of India (“India”),
and both hold Indian passports. The Husband and the Wife have been Singapore
Permanent Residents (“Singapore PRs”) since 2009. Although the son was born in
Singapore, he does not qualify to be a Singapore citizen; he holds an Indian
passport and is currently in Singapore on a long-term visit pass.
Incidentally, the Wife was also a permanent resident of the United States of
America from 1999 to 2009. Apart from bank accounts, the Husband and the Wife
both do not own any immovable property in Singapore.

4 After the Wife’s application for maintenance was filed on 2 September 2011,
the Husband filed for divorce in India in around October or November 2011.

5 Both the Wife and the son are now residing in India. As such, an issue of
contention relates to the question of whether the Wife intended to reside in
Singapore with the son. In an email to the Husband dated 11 October 2011
(after the Wife’s application for maintenance was filed on 2 September 2011),
the Wife requested for her personal belongings, which were left behind in
Singapore, to be sent to her in India:

Could you please arrange for all my belongings including clothes, bags, shoes
and any items of jewellery which are in the Singapore house to be sent to me
at your earliest convenience. If there is [_sic_] any additional costs
involved for the safety of these items to be sent across, please let me know,
I will make the payment accordingly.

Thanks.

6 In reliance on this email, the Husband avers that the Wife had no intention
of returning to reside in Singapore. In any event, the Husband says that the
Wife, who is well-qualified and remains a Singapore PR, is capable of earning
a substantial income in Singapore and does not need to reside with the Husband
and be supported by him. He also pointed out that the Wife had, on her own
steam and resources, returned to Singapore on two occasions: the first to file
the maintenance complaint and the second to attend a mediation session prior
to proceedings in the District Court.

7 On the other hand, the Wife asserts that she intended at all times to reside
in Singapore, and had at that point returned to India because of the Husband’s
actions. While she was in India, the Husband had threatened to dispose of her
personal belongings. She had wanted the belongings to be returned because she
realised that the marriage was over. The Wife further alleges that the Husband
had withdrawn monies from a joint account, leaving her with “absolutely no
funds to return to Singapore” and thus preventing her return.

Decision Below

8 At this juncture, I pause to note that under s 79 of the Women’s Charter, an
application for maintenance under s 69 of the Women’s Charter has to be made
by way of a complaint pursuant to the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68) (since
repealed) (“CPC”) (see [11] below). This therefore raises the question as to
whether an application for maintenance under s 69 of the Women’s Charter is a
criminal or a civil process. The Judge did not address this issue as it was
not raised before him. It is now being raised before me by the Wife who argues
that an application under s 69 of the Women’s Charter (hereafter referred to
as “s 69 application”) is a criminal process; therefore, the doctrine of
_forum non conveniens_ can have no application. I will come back to this issue
in just a moment.

9 The Judge, having weighed the circumstances of the case, found in favour of
the Husband and stayed the maintenance application on the ground of _forum non
conveniens._ The Judge relied chiefly on four factors. Firstly, the Wife had
no intention of returning to reside in Singapore. Secondly, both the Husband
and the Wife were Indian nationals. Although both the Husband and the Wife
were Singapore PRs, the son only had a long-term visit pass. Thirdly, the
parties had no known immovable assets in Singapore. Fourthly, the mere fact
that proceedings commenced in India would take a long time to be heard was
insufficient to avoid a stay; furthermore, Indian court orders are enforceable
in Singapore.

10 I will first discuss the question as to whether a s 69 application is a
civil or criminal process and then address whether the application can be
stayed on the ground of _forum non conveniens._

Does the Court have the power to stay proceedings?

Maintenance proceedings are civil in nature

11 Section 79(1) of the Women’s Charter stipulates that:

**Procedure**

**79**.—(1) Except as otherwise provided in the rules made under subsection
(1A), all applications to a District Court or a Magistrate’s Court under this
Part and Part VII shall be made and heard in the same manner and in accordance
with the same procedure as applications for summonses are made and heard by
the District Court or the Magistrate’s Court _under the provisions of the
Criminal Procedure Code_ (Cap. 68) _and an application under this Part and
Part VII shall be deemed to be a complaint for the purposes of that Code._
[emphasis added]

12 The Wife avers that nothing in the CPC allows a court, in the exercise of
its criminal jurisdiction, to stay proceedings on the ground of _forum non
conveniens._ That power to stay proceedings, she contends, is only exercisable
in civil proceedings.

13 A plain reading of s 79 of the Women’s Charter leads to the unassailable
conclusion that the provision only governs _procedure_. While it does not
explicitly state that such an application is a civil matter, neither does it
state that it is criminal in nature. If one were to look at the real substance
of the application, it is for all intents and purposes a civil matter. Neither
s 69 nor s 79 of the Women’s Charter provides that a husband commits an
offence when he does not maintain his wife or children. It is my opinion that
the legislature had via s 79 of the Women’s Charter merely intended to provide
a simple and expeditious procedure to enable a wife (and children) to obtain
support.

14 In this regard, there is another provision in the Women’s Charter which is
instructive of how one should view a s 69 application. Section 77(1) of the
Women’s Charter unequivocally states that, for an s 69 application, an appeal
from a District Court or a Magistrate’s Court shall lie to the High Court
exercising its appellate _civil_ jurisdiction:

**Appeal**

**77**.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part and Part VII, an appeal
shall lie from any order or the refusal of any order by a District Court or a
Magistrate’s Court under this Part and Part VII to the High Court exercising
_appellate civil jurisdiction_ under the provisions of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap. 322). [emphasis added]

This strongly indicates that a s 69 application is essentially civil in nature
– it would be strange for criminal proceedings to suddenly transmute, on
appeal, into civil proceedings.

15 In _Chew Cheng Swee v Chan Chye Neo_ [1932] MLJ 5, the court stated that
proceedings are only criminal in nature where they may end in imprisonment. It
was held (at 9) that “on an application for an order for a monthly allowance
by way of maintenance the proceedings are civil since they cannot result in
the imprisonment of the husband or father, but can only result in the making
or refusal of any order.” In _Tan Hock Chuan v Tan Tiong_ _Hwa_ [2002] 2
SLR(R) 90, Yong Pung How CJ opined on the effect of s 79 of the Women’s
Charter in the context of personal protection orders governed by s 65 of the
Women’s Charter. The then Chief Justice stated (at [8]) that the “utilisation
of criminal procedure in such proceedings does not automatically make them
criminal in nature”, and further that “no conviction, fine or criminal record
can flow from an application for a personal protection order.” As such, he
held that proceedings relating to personal protection orders were not criminal
in nature, and that the process of criminal revision was not available to the
applicant in that case.

16 I should also add that in Leong Wai Kum, _Elements of Family Law in
Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2007), the learned author similarly agrees with the
foregoing. The author wrote (at p 456)_:_

_…_

Despite the originating procedure being borrowed from the Criminal Procedure
Code, the application for maintenance is civil proceedings [_sic_]. Once
started, the maintenance hearing proceeds as any other civil proceeding.

…

In this way, the complainant need not engage a lawyer to kick off the process
… the originating process is as cheap and speedy as legal process permits.

17 In the result, I would hold that a s 69 application for maintenance is
civil in nature. Accordingly, the doctrine of _forum non conveniens_ applies
to such proceedings.

18 At this juncture, I should add that I have not been able to unearth any
case authority from any Commonwealth country where a stay was ordered on the
ground of _forum non conveniens_ in relation to a maintenance application
filed by a wife against her husband. However, in England, the doctrine of
_forum non conveniens_ was held to apply to divorce proceedings not governed
by intra-European Union legislation on mandatory jurisdiction (see _eg_ ,
_Dampierre v De Dampierre_ [1988] 1 AC 92 which applied the test in _Spiliada
Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] 1 AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”) to
proceedings governed by the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973; _JKN v JCN (Divorce:
Forum)_ [2011] 1 FLR 826).

19 In Australia, the courts do not apply the _Spiliada_ test but, rather, the
test of whether “the local court is a clearly inappropriate forum, which will
be the case if continuation of the proceedings in that court would be
oppressive, in the sense of seriously and unfairly burdensome, prejudicial or
damaging, or vexatious, in the sense of productive of serious and unjustified
trouble and harassment” (see _Voth v Manildra Flour Mills Pty Ltd_ (1990) 171
CLR 538 (“ _Voth_ ”) at 564-565, adopting _Oceanic Sun Line Special Shipping
Co Inc v Fay_ (1988) 165 CLR 197 at 247). Divorce proceedings were stayed
pursuant to the test in _Voth_ by the High Court of Australia in _Henry v
Henry_ (1996) 185 CLR 571.

20 It is undoubtedly true that maintenance of a former wife is ancillary to,
and is very much a part of divorce proceedings. However, I cannot see any
objection in principle or in logic why a freestanding maintenance application
_simpliciter_ by a wife against her husband should be treated any differently.

Should the maintenance proceedings be stayed pursuant to the doctrine of forum
non conveniens?

The law

21 It is well established that the _Spiliada_ test is applied to determine if
a proceeding commenced in Singapore ought to be stayed on the ground of _forum
non conveniens_ (see _eg_ , the decisions by the Court of Appeal in _Orchard
Capital I Ltd v Ravindra Kumar Jhunjhunwala_ [2012] 2 SLR 519, _Oriental
Insurance Co Ltd v Bhavani Stores Pte Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 363, _Eng Liat
Kiang v Eng Bak Hern_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 851 (“ _Eng Liat Kiang_ ”) and
_Brinkerhoff Maritime Drilling Corp and another v PT Airfast Services
Indonesia and another appeal_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 345).

22 The _Spiliada_ test consists of two stages. In stage one, it must be shown
that there is another available forum which is clearly or distinctly more
appropriate than Singapore to determine the dispute. The court shall take into
consideration factors not only encompassing convenience or expense, but also
other factors such as the law governing the transaction and the places where
the parties respectively reside or carry on business. If there is another
available forum which is clearly more appropriate, the court will ordinarily
grant a stay, unless there are special circumstances by reason of which
justice requires that a stay should nevertheless be refused. The latter is the
second stage of the _Spiliada_ test, under which the court shall consider
whether those special circumstances exist to warrant the exercise of its
discretion to refuse a stay.

23 It is clear that the court, in determining whether Singapore is a _forum
non conveniens_ , exercises a discretion _._ As such, an appellate court
should be slow to interfere. In _Spiliada_ , Lord Templeman opined (at 465)
that “the solution of disputes about the relative merits of trial in England
and trial abroad is pre-eminently a matter for the trial judge … An appeal
should be rare and the appellate court should be slow to interfere”. The same
proposition was repeated by the Court of Appeal in _CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner
Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 at [84]:

84 It is clear that in determining whether or not to grant a stay of
proceedings, the judge will be exercising a discretion. Such an exercise of
discretion should not be interfered with by an appellate court unless the
judge had misdirected himself on a matter of principle, or he had taken into
account matters which he ought not to have taken into account or had failed to
take into account matters which he ought to have taken into account, or his
decision is plainly wrong …

24 The _Spiliada_ test is essentially a factors-based test: the weight to be
placed on the various factors varies with each factual matrix. A factor that
proves to be the tipping point in one case might not be that important in
another. However, the defendant’s residence does appear to be of some import.
Lord Goff in _Spiliada_ opined (at 477) that “if, in any case, the connection
of the defendant with the English forum is a fragile one (for example, if he
is served with proceedings during a short visit to this country), it should be
all the easier for him to prove that there is another clearly more appropriate
forum for the trial overseas”. Thus, where a defendant seeking a stay is
working and residing in Singapore, there lies a greater evidential burden on
him: the countervailing factors adduced in favour of the stay have to be
correspondingly more convincing, in comparison to the hypothetical factual
matrix, _ceteris paribus_ , where the defendant is not resident in Singapore.

25 In _Rockware Glass Ltd v MacShannon_ [1978] 1 AC 795 (“ _MacShannon_ ”),
this burden was met. The defendants were companies headquartered and
registered in England. Despite this, the House of Lords granted the _forum non
conveniens_ plea of the defendants. Lord Diplock stated (at 812):

My Lords each of the instant actions arises out of an industrial accident or
disability alleged to have been sustained by a plaintiff who lives in Scotland
in the course of his employment in a factory in Scotland. All the witnesses to
fact likewise live in Scotland and unless they have since retired earn their
livings there. The plaintiff was treated for his injuries or disability by
doctors practising in Scotland. Medical and other expert witnesses accustomed
to giving evidence in industrial injury actions are available in Scotland. A
mere recital of these features of the actions is sufficient to establish a
prima facie case that each of them could be tried at the local sheriff court
or the Court of Session at substantially less expense and inconvenience than
in England.

26 In _Q & M Enterprises Sdn Bhd v Poh __Kiat_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 494, the
plaintiff sued the defendant, who was a Singaporean residing in Singapore, on
a personal guarantee. The High Court stayed the action on the basis that (at
[21]):

21 It is, indeed, clear that the majority of the real and close connecting
factors were located in _Malaysia_. These include the underlying transaction
upon which the defendant is basing his defences, the material witnesses as
well as the documents of ACT (which had, as already mentioned, since been
wound-up as a result of proceedings initiated by the plaintiff itself in
Malaysia). It is important to note that it is not the mere literal or factual
geographical connections that are important (which the plaintiff raised in the
context of Singapore). There must be legal significance, so that the mere
number of geographical connections  _per se_ is not conclusive by any means. …
[emphasis in original]

27 Similarly, the Court of Appeal in _Eng Liat Kiang_ stayed proceedings
despite the fact that both the plaintiff and defendant were Singapore citizens
resident in Singapore (see [34]):

34 Although the nationality and place of residence of the parties are
relevant, they are not the only factors to be taken into account in deciding
whether Singapore is the appropriate forum. The jurisdiction of the court is
not based on the nationality and residence of the parties alone. Great weight
should also be attached to the location of the subject matters in dispute and
the undesirability of a Singapore court in deciding issues involving ownership
of land in Malaysia. …

28 Admittedly, while a defendant’s place of residence is an important factor,
it is not determinative. Still, the defendant must show that there is another
available forum which is _clearly or distinctly more appropriate_ than
Singapore. To do so, he must adduce sufficient evidence pointing to
countervailing factors in favour of a stay – be they the location (and
compellability) of witnesses, the place where the tort or transaction
occurred, or the _ratione_ _materiae_ of the dispute.

Stage one of the Spiliada test

29 Reverting to the instant case, the only factor which the Husband could
point to in justifying a stay is the fact that the Wife (and the son) is
presently residing in India and that there is some indication that she does
not intend to return and live in Singapore. I note that the Wife and son are
both Indian nationals. While not entirely discounting nationality as a
connecting factor, nationality _per se_ is of limited significance. In an
increasingly globalised world, multiple nationalities are becoming the norm.
Residency and/or domicile are better indicators of the strength of a party’s
connection to a particular forum. Further, unlike the circumstances in
_MacShannon_ and _Eng Liat Kiang_ , there are really no other factors which
demand that the determination of the maintenance application must be heard in
India. On the other hand, the Wife instituted the maintenance application in
Singapore, where the Husband resides and works. His income is derived from his
work here and he maintains bank accounts in Singapore. The Wife is not
complaining that she has to come to Singapore to pursue the claim. Indeed, if
the matter should be heard in India, then the Husband would have to travel
from Singapore to India. Thus, no matter where the claim is heard, one party
would have to travel. This is therefore a neutral factor. From all accounts,
it will be just her testimony against his testimony as to whether she and the
son are entitled to any maintenance and, if so, what would be the appropriate
quantum. There is no question of there being a need by either party to compel
third party witnesses to testify in court, as was the case in _MacShannon._ It
is true that the Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap
264, 1985 Rev Ed) provides for the local enforcement of judgment sums obtained
from an Indian court (see the Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments
(Extensions) (Consolidation) Notification (N1, GN No S151/1925, 1999 Rev Ed).
While this procedure may be somewhat more cumbersome compared to the
enforcement of a Singapore judgment sum in Singapore, this does not _per se_
militate against a stay. I would regard it as neutral.

30 In this regard, I ought also to point out that the pending divorce
proceedings instituted by the Husband in India is not for the same relief as
that claimed by the Wife in the present maintenance application in Singapore.
If the Husband were to succeed in his divorce petition, it would result in the
termination of the marriage, with the Wife being entitled to apply for post-
divorce maintenance. On the other hand, the maintenance application by the
Wife pursuant to s 69 of the Women’s Charter is premised on the subsistence of
the marriage. Thus both proceedings are distinct and do not cover the same
grounds.

31 The only pertinent factor in favour of a stay is the fact that the court
here may be required to determine matters touching on the cost of living in
India. This may be so to a certain extent, but is not entirely the case, as
the quantum is also contingent on the earning capacity of the Husband. The
court is entitled to take judicial notice of the fact that one’s cost of
living depends on the stratum of society to which one belongs. Here, both the
Wife and the Husband are lawyers whose standard of living would certainly be
higher than average.

32 I note that in _Helen Diane Womersley (m.w.) v Nigel Maurice Womersley_
[2003] SGDC 186 at [14], it was held by the District Court that an “English
court would be in a better position to consider the cost of living in
England”. In _Prapavathi d/o N Balabaskaran v Manjini Balamurugan_ [2002] SGDC
354 at [48], the District Court opined that it would be easier for a Singapore
court to consider the wife’s cost of living in Singapore. While I do not
disagree with these statements as general propositions, in the present case I
do not think that this factor _per se_ tilts the balance in favour of a stay,
especially with the lack of other factors pointing towards a stay.

33 Ultimately, two questions must be addressed by the court in a s 69
application. First, the wife must show that she needs maintenance and that the
husband has neglected or refused to provide reasonable maintenance for her and
any child of the marriage. Second, the court will have to determine the
quantum required for maintenance. On the first question, the court in
Singapore is as well placed as any other to rule on the issue. As regards the
second question, the advantage of an Indian court is at best limited because
of two considerations. First, the Wife has stated that she intends to return
to live in Singapore. Second, in determining the quantum of maintenance, the
court shall have to take into account the standard of living enjoyed by the
Wife and the son _before_ the Husband’s neglect or refusal to maintain them
(see s 69(4)(_f_) of the Women’s Charter). On this aspect, a Singapore court
would be better placed than an Indian court to determine that matter as the
parties were then living in Singapore. Thus while a Singapore court may be at
a slight disadvantage vis-à-vis the question of the cost of living in India,
it is at an advantage vis-à-vis the question of the previous standard of
living of the parties in Singapore. In other words, a Singapore court will not
be at a complete disadvantage, when compared to an Indian court, in
determining the proper quantum of maintenance.

Conclusion

34 In the result, I hold that the Husband has not discharged the burden of
showing that India is clearly or distinctly a more appropriate forum. The
Judge had erred on two counts: first, in placing too much weight on the
nationality of the parties and not giving sufficient consideration to the fact
that the Husband is residing and working in Singapore and, second, in over-
emphasising the impracticality of a Singapore court in adjudicating on the
issue of quantum, when a Singapore court is no more disadvantaged than an
Indian court (see [33] above). Therefore, based on stage one of the _Spiliada_
test, this proceeding should not be stayed. Accordingly, there is no need to
apply stage two of the _Spiliada_ test.

35 The appeal is therefore allowed. The Wife is awarded costs here and below
(to be taxed, if not agreed), with the usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

