Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Law Society of Singapore _v_ K Jayakumar Naidu  
[2012] SGHC 200

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 57 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Abraham Vergis, Clive Myint Soe and Adam Daniel Giam
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the applicant; R S Wijaya (R S Wijaya & Co), Zero
Nalpon (Nalpon & Co) and Teresa Chan (C Teresa & Co) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Law Society of Singapore — K Jayakumar Naidu  
  
3 October 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Solicitors have a duty to loyally advance their clients’ interests with
diligence and competence. Among its multiple facets, this duty requires
clients to be advised fairly and in good faith of the issues peculiar to the
matter at hand. A solicitor should also ensure that the client understands
sufficiently any risks that may arise. This duty is elevated when a solicitor
has reason to suspect that there are special risks or unusual pitfalls
involved in the subject transaction. Naturally, the extent of this duty
depends on the precise identity, sophistication and circumstances of the
client: a vulnerable client, such as one who is mentally and/or physically
disadvantaged, uneducated or impecunious, may require comprehensive and
comprehensible advice for even the simplest of matters; in contrast, a client
who is a seasoned businessman or a corporate entity with an in-house risk
management team may be reasonably presumed to have greater situational
awareness. In a similar vein, the extent of the duty will also vary with the
client’s apparent familiarity with a proposed transaction. All solicitors also
owe their clients a fundamental duty of undivided loyalty to ethically advance
their client’s interests and not place themselves in a position of conflict.
Advice to clients has to be prompt and commensurate with their needs, and not
perfunctory. A grave failure to adequately discharge these duties of care and
loyalty, whether resulting from ignorance or a lack of conscientiousness, may
expose a solicitor to disciplinary action and invite sanctions by the court.
It is all the more troubling if in the course of an engagement the solicitor
repeatedly abdicates from these responsibilities to his client.

2 The Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”) applied, pursuant to s
94(1) read with s 98 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”), for K Jayakumar Naidu (“the respondent”) to be dealt with under ss
83(2)(_b_) and 83(2)(_h_) of the Act for failing to adequately protect his
client’s interests. We reserved judgment after hearing the submissions of the
respective parties. Having considered these submissions, we have decided that
due cause has been shown for the respondent to be sanctioned under s 83(1) of
the Act and order that he be suspended for a period of three months (see [92]
below). The reasons for our decision are set out below.

The factual background

3 The respondent was admitted to the roll in 2002 and was at the material time
an advocate and solicitor of some seven years’ standing and the sole
proprietor of Messrs Jay Associates. Prior to that, he had been in the
Singapore Police Force for around 30 years. These disciplinary proceedings
stem from the manner in which the respondent discharged his professional
obligations to his client, Hay Choo Soon (“HCS”), in the sale of HCS’ Housing
and Development Board (“HDB”) flat at Telok Blangah Crescent (“the flat”),
which the Law Society argues resulted in the proceeds of sale being
misappropriated by HCS’ brother, who has since absconded.

4 HCS has since childhood suffered from a chronic neurodegenerative disorder
which causes weakness in his limbs. This has severely compromised the movement
of his limbs. He is also disadvantaged educationally, having only received
formal education up to Primary 3. HCS speaks mainly Hokkien and has a
rudimentary knowledge of Mandarin. His grasp of English is even more limited.
For most of his life, HCS has been unable to secure steady employment due to
his physical disabilities and lack of education. The flat appears to have been
his sole asset and was inherited from his mother after her death in 2008. In
September 2009, HCS suffered a serious fall which required him to be admitted
to Singapore General Hospital (“SGH”). The fall exacerbated his physical
condition, leaving him bedridden and completely dependent on others for his
physical needs. This condition persisted at the time of the respondent’s
involvement with his affairs. HCS undoubtedly falls squarely within the
category of vulnerable clients referred to earlier in this judgment.

5 Due to HCS’ physical infirmity, the respondent was neither directly
approached nor engaged by HCS in the sale of the flat. Instead, he was
approached by HCS’ brother, Hay Boo Seng (“HBS”), sometime in late 2009 to
prepare a power of attorney for the purpose of authorising HBS to act in the
sale of the flat. On 23 November 2009, the respondent and HBS went to SGH for
the purpose of getting HCS to execute the power of attorney. They were
accompanied by the housing agent involved in the sale, Chan Chee Wei (“Chan”).
The respondent claims to have spoken to HCS in private and explained the
document to him in English. It is unclear how much of this HCS understood as
the notes of evidence of his appearance before the Disciplinary Tribunal (“the
DT”) suggests that he has an impoverished understanding of the English
language, if at all.[note: 1] We also note that, regrettably, the respondent
did not record any notes of attendance to corroborate what transpired. Because
HCS was unable to move his limbs, the respondent affixed HCS’ right thumbprint
to the power of attorney to evince his assent. The power of attorney for HDB
sales is a standard document which gives the attorney unconditional power to
sell the property, subject to HDB’s approval, and to execute any documents
relating to the sale and, significantly, to receive any monies due to the
donor.

6 On 6 December 2009, an option to purchase the flat for $247,000.00 was
granted by HBS, as attorney, to a purchaser with completion scheduled for 1
February 2010.

7 On 16 December 2009, HBS, Chan, and one Tan Leng Howe (“Tan”) visited the
respondent’s office without prior appointment. Chan had arranged for a loan
between HBS, as borrower, and Tan, as lender, purportedly to pay HCS’ hospital
bills, and brought with him a loan agreement (“the loan agreement”). This was
signed by HBS and Tan and witnessed by the respondent’s secretary, Nur Shahida
Binte Mohtov (“Shahida”). The relevant terms of the loan agreement are as
follows:[note: 2]

WHEREBY IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

The lender [Tan] will lend an amount of $46800/- to borrower [HBS], base on
the selling of Blk 15 Telok Blangah Crescent #05-232 S(090015).

NOW IT IS HEREBY AGREED AND DECLARED AS FOLLOW:

(a)The Borrower will authorize Jay Associates ... to pay from sale proceeds an
amount of $46,800/- to the lender.

(b)In event of sale collapse ... borrowers are to pay back the amount of
$46800 plus interest (120% P.A.) ...

(c)In the event of sale collapse, Chan Chee Wei … will pay $500 monthly to the
lender as a form of compensation or as such till the loan amount is repaid.

8 A letter of authority (“the first letter of authority”) appointing the
respondent’s firm to act for HCS in the sale of the flat was also prepared.
This was purportedly issued by HCS, but it was signed by HBS with no mention
of his identity or the capacity in which he was signing. Reference was made to
the loan agreement in the first letter of authority, and the following clauses
are noteworthy:[note: 3]

I [HCS] further authorize and direct that you [the respondent’s firm] shall
pay from the balance of the sale proceeds received and held by you on my
behalf as follows:

…

2) A sum of $46800/- loaned to [HCS] by [Tan] … and to issue a cheque for the
said sum loaned to [Tan];

…

6) I will be forwarding a copy of this to [Tan] for his retention and
acknowledgement with regards the instructions at paragraph 2.

The above authority and direction shall be irrevocable.

9 The documents were signed in the respondent’s absence as he was not present
at the time. It was Shahida who prepared the first letter of authority but it
is not clear who instructed her to do so. In any event, the respondent
acknowledges that he saw both documents and “ratified” the first letter of
authority when he returned to the office. He also went through the documents
with HBS and Tan.

10 On 29 December 2009, HBS arranged for HCS to be discharged from SGH and
warded at Windsor Convalescent Home. This was done without the knowledge of
the rest of HCS’ family, who were consequently unable to contact him. By way
of background, it is noted that HCS’ eldest surviving brother, Hay Joo Song
(“HJS”), had played a role in his care. Before his fall, HCS had been living
in the flat together with tenants and the rental income was used for his
living expenses or saved for his future use. HBS had initially been
responsible for the management of this income, but HJS assumed responsibility
after HCS complained that he had only been receiving paltry sums of money. It
was also HJS who arranged for HCS to be admitted to SGH after the serious
fall.

11 Sometime on or after 18 January 2010, a letter arrived at the flat from the
Singapore Land Authority notifying the addressee that a caveat had been lodged
against the flat. The letter was discovered by Hay Choon Teck (“HCT”), the son
of HJS and the complainant in this case, on 23 January 2010. HCT was disturbed
by this as the standing agreement within the family was that the flat would
not be sold as long as HCS needed accommodation. Indeed, the partial rental of
the flat also was HCS’ sole source of income. HCT showed the letter to his
father, who recounted that HBS had called him on 29 December 2009 with a
proposal to sell the flat and divide the sale proceeds between the brothers
after HCS’ medical bills were paid. HJS rejected the proposal. HBS also
revealed that he had transferred HCS to a convalescent home in Pasir Panjang
but refused to identify it.

12 HCT eventually discovered that HCS was at Windsor Convalescent Home. He
visited HCS and found him to be in poor health and only capable of giving
monosyllabic replies. HCT also ascertained that the respondent was purportedly
acting for HCS in the sale of the flat. He visited the respondent on 25
January 2010 and was shown the power of attorney, the option to purchase the
flat and the first letter of authority. The latter document in particular
aroused HCT’s concerns. When questioned, the respondent explained the
circumstances surrounding the loan and showed HCT a copy of the loan
agreement. HCT claims to have warned the respondent that HBS had a gambling
problem and that the loan was likely to be for HBS’ gambling debts and not
HCS’ medical bills. HCT asked for and was given copies of the documents and
said that he would seek legal advice and stop the sale if any illegality was
involved.

13 The next day, HCT and HJS visited Wong Chee Mun (“Wong”), an advocate and
solicitor with Messrs Alpha Law LLC (“Alpha Law”). The salient facts were
related to Wong and the documents produced by the respondent shown to him.
Wong suspected that something could be amiss and agreed to meet HCS.

14 On 27 January 2010, Wong visited HCS together with HCT and HJS. Because
Wong’s command of Hokkien was inadequate to communicate clearly with HCS, he
had to do so with HCT’s assistance. HCS told Wong that he did not know that
his flat was being sold and that he did not want to do so. He did not
understand the implications of the power of attorney but had not resisted when
HBS affixed his thumbprint to the document as he was afraid of HBS. An Indian
lawyer had also been present when this happened. HCS claimed that he did not
know about the $46,800 loan and said that he did not owe anyone any money.

15 These statements are of limited value as HCS’ ability to recollect events
is suspect. This was made evident by his testimony before the DT, where he
proved to be an unreliable witness and showed little understanding of the
relevant events. However, they do help explain Wong’s subsequent involvement
in the matter. Indeed, Wong found HCS’ replies barely coherent and could not
be certain that HCS fully comprehended the questions asked of him or that he
had given Wong clear instructions to act on his behalf. Nevertheless, as it
appeared to Wong that HCS had to be protected, he agreed to act for him and to
receive instructions through HJS.

16 An exchange of correspondence between Wong and the respondent ensued. The
substance of these letters is important as they reveal the state of the
respondent’s knowledge and enable this Court to assess his actions against
what a reasonably competent solicitor in his position would have done. Wong
first wrote to the respondent on 28 January 2010. In the letter, he purported
to act for HCS and explained that HCS did not want to sell the flat and had
not realised what HBS’ intentions were when he executed the power of attorney.
The respondent was told that the loan agreement and the first letter of
authority were outside the scope of the power of attorney and against HCS’
instructions. He was asked not to release the sale proceeds to anyone,
including HCS himself, as HCS’ physical condition presented dangers of abuse.
Instead, the respondent was requested to retain the sale proceeds pending an
application to court for the management of the funds or the appointment of a
committee.

17 Shortly after, Wong visited the respondent and explained his concern that
HBS was trying to obtain HCS’ money. The respondent claims that Wong’s primary
objective appeared to be to ensure that payment of the sale proceeds were made
to Alpha Law. He also claims to have made clear his position that he had no
objections to Alpha Law taking over the sale of the flat.

18 The respondent replied to Wong’s letter on 1 February 2010, stating that he
was unwilling to hold the sale proceeds indefinitely on the basis of the
warnings in the letter. The respondent asserted that he was obligated to
release the sale proceeds to HCS if an order of court dictating otherwise was
not received in five days.

19 In view of this reply, Wong, with HJS’ concurrence, prepared a deed of
revocation of the power of attorney as well as a letter of authority providing
for the sale proceeds to be paid to Alpha Law for safekeeping (“the second
letter of authority”). On 4 February 2010, Wong again visited HCS with HCT. He
explained the respondent’s position and advised that the power of attorney
should be revoked and the proceeds of sale held by Alpha Law. As with the
first visit, Wong was unable to be certain that HCS understood and agreed with
his advice. In any event, HCS’ right thumbprint was affixed to both documents,
which were sent to the respondent the same day.

20 The respondent commented on the documents by letter on 8 February 2010. He
expressed the opinion that the deed of revocation was ineffective as the flat
had already been sold. He also asked for a medical report attesting to HCS’
mental soundness or an order of court providing for the disposal of the sale
proceeds to Alpha Law. Lastly, he expressed the intention to discharge his
obligations to HCS by issuing a cheque or cashier’s order to him at the
nursing home.

21 Wong replied two days later and noted that with the revocation of the power
of attorney all directions given under its authority were also revoked.
Consequently, only HCS’ directions were relevant. Wong explained that it was
only because the respondent was reluctant to hold the sale proceeds that Alpha
Law was suggesting that they hold the moneys pending a medical report or the
appointment of a committee. Alpha Law remained amenable to the respondent
holding the sale proceeds, provided a deadline by which they would be released
was not imposed. It was also asserted in the letter that handing a cheque to
HCS could be risky given his physical incapacity and that HCS had a
joint/alternate account with HBS:[note: 4]

Here we must state that to the best of our client’s knowledge our client has a
joint/alternate bank account with your client [HBS] and there is a possibility
of an abuse if care is not taken particular where there is clear indication
that [HBS] had earlier wanted part of the proceeds to clear his own debts.

The respondent was also informed he was released from his obligation to pay
the sale proceeds to HCS, that a medical report attesting to HCS’ mental
soundness was being obtained, and that he would be held responsible for any
losses resulting from the release of the sale proceeds.

22 The respondent did not respond to this letter. Wong sent a follow-up letter
on 3 March 2010 inquiring about the respondent’s intentions and informing him
that HCS would soon be obtaining a psychiatric report and applying for the
appointment of a committee. There was disagreement before the DT over whether
the respondent received this letter. However, it appears likely that he did as
it was acknowledged in his pleadings.

23 Just before this, on 1 March 2010, HBS approached the respondent regarding
the release of the sale proceeds. In response, the respondent asked for a
psychiatric opinion on HCS’ mental state to be obtained. When giving evidence
before the DT, the respondent explained that he did this to avoid HBS’
“badgering” and because he desired more leeway to consider his next steps. The
respondent initially claimed that he referred HBS to three psychiatrists with
whom he had worked before. However, it was established before the DT that he
had in fact personally made an appointment with Dr Nelson Lee (“Dr Lee”), a
consultant psychiatrist in private practice, for HCS to be examined.

24 HBS brought HCS for a consultation with Dr Lee on 3 March 2010. A private
examination was conducted and an evaluation report dated the same day and
addressed to the respondent was prepared. The report stated what HCS had told
Dr Lee regarding the sale of the flat, _viz_ , that he needed the money as he
owed SGH over $10,000 and had to finance his stay in a nursing home. HCS also
wanted the money to be banked into his account for regular transactions with
the nursing home. The report stated that HCS was alert and conscious and able
to understand how to handle his financial affairs. Dr Lee opined that a
committee need not be appointed on HCS’ behalf.

25 On 4 March 2010, HCS, HBS and Chan went to the respondent’s office. HCS was
transported to the office by ambulance and was then physically moved about on
a gurney. Again, the respondent was not given prior notice that they would be
coming and was in court. He only learnt of their visit when Shahida called him
to seek instructions. It appears that the purpose of the visit was to have a
letter of authority drafted (“the third letter of authority”). This directed
that the sale proceeds, less the respondent’s costs and agent fees, were to be
paid into a specified OCBC account. The respondent had instructed Shahida to
remove references to the loan agreement as it had been the subject of
criticism. The respondent was not certain whom he had received instructions
from; during the proceedings before the DT he said that his instructions could
have been from any of the three men.

26 The respondent instructed Shahida to bring HCS to Tham Teck Leng (“Tham”),
a Commissioner of Oaths whose office was just down the corridor from the
respondent’s own, to have the third letter of authority executed in order to
“save any complications”. According to Tham, she explained the terms of the
third letter of authority to HCS in a mixture of Mandarin and Hokkien. She
asked HCS about the OCBC account as she was puzzled by the reference to it.
HCS explained that the account was his and confirmed that he was instructing
his lawyer to pay the sale proceeds into the account. An account book
corresponding to the OCBC account and appearing to be in HCS’ sole name was
also produced. The third letter of authority was executed by HCS and witnessed
by Tham as a Commissioner of Oaths.

27 The respondent returned to his office while HCS was being attended to by
Tham outside of her office. However, he did not go over to participate in the
conversation and admits that he did not personally advise HCS on the third
letter of authority. It was only after it was executed that the respondent
received the OCBC account book and Dr Lee’s medical report.

28 On 5 and 8 March 2010, the sale proceeds were deposited into the OCBC
account via two cheques for $10,350.00 and $221,646.96. The respondent only
wrote to Alpha Law on 10 March 2010 “[a]s a matter of courtesy”, stating that
the sale proceeds had been transferred to the OCBC account pursuant to the
third letter of authority.[note: 5]

29 A bank statement later obtained showed that a series of withdrawals and
fund transfers had taken place between 8 and 10 March 2010, leaving just
$196.96 in the account. It also showed that the OCBC account was in fact in
the joint names of HCS and HBS and could therefore be operated with either
signature, rather than being in HCS’ sole name as reflected in the account
book. Subsequent enquiries showed that the withdrawals were made with a card
issued to HBS and that the fund transfers were on HBS’ instructions to an
account in his own name. It is common ground that HBS has improperly
misappropriated the sale proceeds.

The charges against the respondent and the findings of the Disciplinary
Tribunal

30 Following an inquiry committee’s finding that a formal investigation ought
to be initiated, the DT was appointed pursuant to s 90 of the Act to hear and
investigate the complaint against the respondent.

31 At the DT hearing, the Law Society preferred five charges and one
alternative charge against the respondent pursuant to ss 83(2)(_b_) and
83(2)(_h_) of the Act. The charges, as formulated by the Law Society, were as
follows:

**First Charge**

You, K Jayakumar Naidu, are charged that on or about 23 November 2009, you had
advised one [HCS] to execute a Power of Attorney dated 23 November 2009
appointing one [HBS] to act as [HCS]’s Attorney, inter alia, to effect the
sale of [HCS]’s HDB flat, and that in so doing, you failed to act in [HCS]’s
best interest, _to wit_ , You: (a) failed to clearly explain to [HCS] the true
nature, purport and consequence of what he was signing; and/or (b) failed to
take adequate steps to ensure that [HCS] reasonably understood the same;
and/or (c) failed to obtain [HCS]’s informed consent to the same; and/or (d)
preferred [HBS]’s interests to the interests of [HCS], and you are thereby in
breach of your obligations to [HCS] under Rules 21 and/or 25(b) of the Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules within the meaning of Section
83(2)(b), or, alternatively, you are guilty of misconduct within the meaning
of Section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161).

**Second Charge**

You, K Jayakumar Naidu, are charged that on or before 16 December 2009, while
you were purporting to act for one [HCS] in respect of the sale of his HDB
flat, you had drafted, at the behest of one [HBS], a Letter of Authority
stating, inter alia, that you had been given irrevocable authority and
directions to pay out a sum of $46,800 to one Tan Leng Howe from the proceeds
from the sale of [HCS]’s HDB flat in repayment of a personal loan advanced by
the said Tan Leng Howe to Hay Boon Seng, in circumstances where you knew or
should have known that [HCS] had not authorized you to make such payment
and/or that it would not be in [HCS]’s best interest for you to do so, and
that in drafting such a letter, without obtaining [HCS]’s informed consent to
the same, you were acting in breach of your obligations to [HCS] under Rules
21 and/or 23 and/or 25(b) and/or 28 and/or 30 of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules within the meaning of Section 83(2)(b), or,
alternatively, you are guilty of misconduct within the meaning of Section
83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161).

**Amended Third Charge**

You, K Jayakumar Naidu, are charged that on or about 4 February 2010, when
[Alpha Law] furnished you with a copy of [HCS]’s Letter of Authority dated 4
February 2010, which, _inter alia_ , expressly directed you to hand over to
[Alpha Law] to safeguard the net proceeds from the sale of [HCS]’s HDB flat
which your firm was holding, you failed to comply with [HCS]’s express written
instructions, or alternatively, if you had reason to honestly believe that you
would not be acting in [HCS]’s best interest by complying with the directions
set out in the said Letter of Authority dated 4 February 2010, to immediately
refer the matter to the Honourable Court for determination, and that in
failing to adopt either courses of action, you were acting in breach of your
obligations to [HCS] under Rules 25(b) and/or 41(a) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules within the meaning of Section 83(2)(_b_), or,
alternatively you are guilty of misconduct within the meaning of Section
83(2)(_h_) of the Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161).

**Fourth Charge**

You, K Jayakumar Naidu, are charged that in the period between 10 February
2010 to 10 March 2010, you had deliberately, negligently or otherwise refused
or omitted to respond to [Alpha Law]’s letter dated 10 February 2010, the
substance of which expressly directed you to either hold onto the sale
proceeds or to hand over the sale proceeds from the sale of [HCS]’s HDB Flat
to [Alpha Law], until 10 March 2010, only after the following actions were
taken by you and/or [HBS]:

(i)Without informing [Alpha Law], arranged for [HCS] to urgently undergo a
psychiatric assessment on 3 March 2010, resulting in a psychiatric report re
[HCS] being issued on the same day;

(ii)Without informing [Alpha Law], arranged for [HCS] to urgently execute a
Letter of Authority dated 4 March 2010 that had been drafted by you for no
other apparent purpose than to cancel the effect of [HCS]’s earlier Letter of
Authority dated 4 February 2010 and to have [HCS]’s authorization in writing
for you to deposit the balance sale proceeds into OCBC Account No. [xxx]
despite all the requests and warnings to the contrary previously issued by
[Alpha Law];

(iii)Without informing [Alpha Law], deposited the sums of $10,350 and
$221,646.96 from the sale proceeds into OCBC Account No. [xxx] on 5 March 2010
and 8 March 2010 respectively and waiting for both cheques to clear before
replying to [Alpha Law]’s letters on 10 March 2010;

and you have thereby deliberately undermined [Alpha Law]’s authority and
instructions to act for [HCS] and/or effectively prevented [Alpha Law] from
carrying out [HCS]’s instructions to safeguard the sale proceeds from the sale
of [HCS]’s HDB flat, and in doing the foregoing acts, you were in breach of
your obligations to [HCS] under Rules 25(b) and/or 28 and/or 47 of the Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules within the meaning of Section
83(2)(b), or, alternatively you are guilty of misconduct within the meaning of
Section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161).

**Fifth Charge**

You, K Jayakumar Naidu, are charged that on or before 4 March 2010, you had,
on [HBS]’s instructions, drafted a Letter of Authority dated 4 March 2010 in
the name of [HCS] and/or had requested and/or advised [HCS] to sign the said
Letter of Authority, which purported to appoint you to deal with the proceeds
of sale of [HCS]’s HDB flat and had purported to direct you to deposit the
said sale proceeds into OCBC Account No. [xxx], and that in so doing, you
failed to act in [HCS]’s best interest, _to wit_ , You: (a) failed to clearly
explain to [HCS] the true nature, purport and consequence of what he was
signing; and/or (b) failed to take adequate steps to ensure that [HCS]
reasonably understood the same; and/or (c) failed to obtain [HCS]’s informed
consent to the same; and/or (d) preferred [HBS]’s interests to the interests
of [HCS], and you are thereby in breach of your obligation to [HCS] under
Rules 21 and/or 25(b) of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules
within the meaning of Section 83(2)(b) or alternatively, you are guilty of
misconduct within the meaning of Section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act
(Chapter 161).

**Alternative Fifth Charge**

You, K Jayakumar Naidu, are charged that on or before 4 March 2010, you had,
on [HBS]’s instructions, drafted a Letter of Authority dated 4 March 2010 in
the name of [HCS] and/or had requested and/or advised the said [HCS] to sign
the said Letter of Authority, which purportedly appointed you to deal with the
proceeds of sale of [HCS]’s HDB flat and directed you to deposit the said sale
proceeds into OCBC Account No. [xxx], and in so doing, you did advise a person
whose interests are opposed to that of [HBS], whom you were representing in
the same matter, and you had failed to inform [HCS] to obtain independent
legal advice, and you are thereby in breach of Rule 30 of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules within the meaning of Section 83(2)(b), or
alternatively, you are guilty of misconduct within the meaning of Section
83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161).

[emphasis in italics in original]

32 In its closing submissions, the Law Society decided not to press for an
adverse finding against the respondent in respect of the first charge as it
concluded that there was insufficient evidence or cause of sufficient gravity
to merit referring it to this Court. The DT agreed and accordingly found the
first charge not proven. The respondent was found guilty of the remaining
charges.

33 With respect to the second charge, the DT noted that the respondent did not
take issue with HBS signing the first letter of authority even though it was
prepared without HCS’ instructions and was beyond the powers conferred on HBS
by the power of attorney. The DT questioned the need for the first letter of
authority to be irrevocable and for a copy to be given to Tan. It observed
that the respondent’s evidence that he understood the loan monies to be for
HCS’ medical bills was at best uncorroborated evidence and that he had not
attempted to verify the quantum of these bills. Finally, the DT found that it
was evident from the terms of the loan agreement that the sale proceeds of the
flat were being used as security for the loan to HBS. The DT was of the view
that the circumstances would have given rise to “some suspicion” that the
first letter of authority could not have been prepared in the interests of
HCS.

34 Turning to the third charge, the DT noted the warnings issued by Wong to
the respondent and approved of Wong’s decision to obtain the deed of
revocation and second letter of authority in view of the respondent’s apparent
unwillingness to cooperate. The DT found that it would have been clear to the
respondent that he was no longer acting for HCS once he received copies of
these two documents. He therefore had no legal basis to insist on the
production of a medical report or a court order before releasing the sale
proceeds to Alpha Law and his insistence on issuing a cheque or cashier’s
order to HCS was irresponsible and not in the interests of HCS (see, however,
[51] and [55] below).

35 With respect to the fourth charge, the DT observed that the issue was the
fact that the respondent had ignored repeated warnings issued by a fellow
solicitor of the possible risk that the sale proceeds might be
misappropriated. It found that the conduct of the respondent was not the
consequence of mere inadvertence but a deliberate course of conduct to
undermine the efforts of Alpha Law to safeguard the sale proceeds.

36 With regard to the fifth charge, the DT noted that the respondent had
failed to explain the nature and consequences of the third letter of authority
to HCS. It found that he was content to follow HBS’ instructions, as HCS could
not have decided to execute the document on his own given his physical
condition. The DT found that it must by this time have been clear to the
respondent that HCS’ interests were being compromised and that the respondent
could not have been oblivious to the real danger that the sale proceeds might
be misappropriated by HBS. The DT thought that “[b]y this time, it was not
just alarm bells ringing, but sirens blaring.”[note: 6] Thus, by acting on the
instructions of HBS, the respondent had compromised the interests of HCS in
favour of HBS.

37 In the circumstances, the DT found that cause of sufficient gravity existed
for disciplinary action to be taken against the respondent in relation to the
second to fifth charges.

The show cause proceedings

38 The show cause proceedings before us were predicated upon ss 93(1) and
94(1), read with ss 83(1) and 83(2) of the Act. The relevant portions of s 83
of the Act read as follows:

**83.** —(1) All advocates and solicitors shall be subject to the control of
the Supreme Court and shall be liable on due cause shown —

(_a_) to be struck off the roll;

(_b_) to be suspended from practice for a period not exceeding 5 years;

(_c_) to pay a penalty of not more than $100,000;

(_d_) to be censured; or

(_e_) to suffer the punishment referred to in paragraph (_c_) in addition to
the punishment referred to in paragraph (_b_) or (_d_).

(2) Such due cause may be shown by proof that an advocate and solicitor—

...

(_b_) has been guilty of fraudulent or grossly improper conduct in the
discharge of his professional duty or guilty of such a breach of any usage or
rule of conduct made by the Council under the provisions of this Act as
amounts to improper conduct or practice as an advocate and solicitor;

...

(_h_) has been guilty of such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor
as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession
...

It is noted that the respondent’s alleged breaches of s 83(2)(_b_) in the
charges against him are not based on fraudulent or grossly improper conduct in
the discharge of his professional duty but on the breach of specified rules in
the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed)
(“the Professional Conduct Rules”).

39 Before us, counsel for the Law Society, Mr Abraham Vergis (“Mr Vergis”),
explained that the charges were framed to reflect each of the many
opportunities the respondent had to avert the misappropriation of the sale
proceeds. Had the respondent acted as a reasonably competent solicitor on any
of these occasions, Mr Vergis contended, the misappropriation would not have
come to pass. However, Mr Vergis acknowledged that the essence of the
complaint against the respondent centred on the release of the sale proceeds;
that is, the subject of the fourth and fifth charges. In particular, the nub
of the respondent’s impropriety was failing to clarify precisely what HCS
wanted and acting deliberately to prevent Wong from protecting HCS. While Mr
Vergis confirmed that the respondent is not alleged to have been dishonest, he
stated that it was being implied that the respondent always had the intention
to favour HBS as his behaviour could not otherwise be explained. The Law
Society did not wish to assert that the respondent had actively assisted HBS
because such an assertion would affect other matters elsewhere.

40 On the other hand, the respondent asserted in his written submissions that
the Law Society had not made out any case to be answered. A central plank in
his arguments was the contention that Wong was responsible for HCS’ loss.
However, we note that such criticism is quite irrelevant as it is the
respondent’s conduct that is at issue in these proceedings. The respondent
also asserted that he had properly discharged his duties and that he could not
be expected to have acted in any other way. His counsel, Mr Zero Nalpon (“Mr
Nalpon”), maintained the same approach at the hearing before us. Mr Nalpon
argued that Wong had approached the respondent in a suspicious manner and had
failed to take positive steps to protect HCS. The respondent was therefore
correct in disregarding Wong’s warnings. It was also emphasised that the
respondent had referred HCS to two independent professionals, Dr Lee and Tham,
in order to ascertain his wishes. Finally, Mr Nalpon appeared to bring
causation into issue by asking rhetorically what would have happened instead
had the respondent spoken to HCS on 4 March 2010. We would note that these
proceedings are primarily concerned with the respondent’s conduct and not just
their consequences. Thus, unlike a claim in negligence, the question of
causation is not a central issue in the present case.

The issues

41 Two broad issues arose for our determination, namely:

(a) whether the charges had been established (“the merits issue”); and

(b) assuming that the DT had rightly found the respondent liable under the
charges, what is the appropriate penalty that should be imposed on the
respondent (“the appropriate penalty”).

42 We now discuss each of these issues in turn.

The merits issue

43 The respondent’s conduct in relation to each of the charges will be
discussed in order to shed light on the duties of solicitors for the purposes
of the disciplinary regime under the Act. It is well established that the
standard of professionalism an advocate and solicitor ought to display is an
objective one as determined by the court (see _Law Society of Singapore v
Ahmad Khalis bin Abdul Ghani_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 308 at [2]). The central inquiry
is thus whether the respondent deviated from what a reasonably competent
solicitor would have done in the circumstances.

The first charge: the power of attorney

44 The gravamen of the first charge relates to the respondent’s alleged
failure to advise HCS on the nature, purport and consequence of the power of
attorney.

45 As the Law Society eventually did not pursue this charge we need not dwell
on this save to make the following observation. To require solicitors to hold
their clients’ family members to the same strict protocols appropriate in a
business setting would place them in an untenable attitude of opposition with
their clients’ families and would not be in the interest of the client. Nor
would it accord with the common experience that, by and large, family members
do not take advantage of each other. The Law Society was therefore correct in
eventually submitting that there was nothing remarkable or suspicious about
the circumstances in which HBS approached the respondent to prepare the power
of attorney. At that stage, he need not have done anything more than confirm
that HCS wanted to sell the flat and that he wanted HBS to act on his behalf.

The second charge: the first letter of authority

46 The second charge relates to the respondent’s role in drafting the first
letter of authority. The arguments here are more finely balanced. While the
observations made in the respondent’s favour in respect of the first charge
also apply, there were irregularities in the first letter of authority and the
loan agreement which should have aroused the respondent’s suspicions.

47 Chief among these irregularities was the fact that both documents were
clearly beyond HBS’ authority. Under the power of attorney, HBS was authorised
to receive the sale proceeds of the flat. However, he was not authorised to
use the sale proceeds as security for a loan or to direct the same towards a
third party for the repayment of a loan. The respondent therefore had ample
reason to doubt that HBS was acting with HCS’ knowledge and consent but,
regrettably, failed to take any steps to clarify this. Nevertheless, it would
have been reasonable to believe that HBS had a broad mandate to act for his
brother. Given the state HCS was in (to the respondent’s knowledge), it was
unrealistic to expect that everything done on his behalf would have been the
product of a considered decision of his and authorised by an express
instruction.

48 The terms of the loan also attract careful scrutiny. The interest rate of
120% per annum applicable if the flat failed to be sold was clearly punitive
and unlikely to be in HCS’ interests. That Chan, a property agent and a
stranger to HCS, stood as guarantor was also plainly irregular and should have
raised in the respondent’s mind the possibility that Chan stood to gain from
the transaction. It might be observed on the respondent’s behalf that it is an
unfortunate fact of life that the more disadvantaged an individual is, the
weaker his bargaining position would be. It would therefore not have been
surprising that favourable terms from an established lender would not be
forthcoming for a borrower who was in such dire straits that he had to sell
his home to pay for his medical bills. The Law Society has noted that clauses
2 and 6 of the first letter of authority (see [8] above) appear to be solely
for Tan’s benefit. However, this observation is neither here nor there as it
is unremarkable that clauses necessary to comfort the lender would be included
in the letter of authority.

49 The Law Society emphasised that the respondent had not seen any evidence to
verify HBS’ assertion that the loan was for HCS’ medical bills. The loan
agreement made no mention of its purported purpose and only referred to a
personal loan to HBS, who was therefore in a position of conflict as he stood
to benefit from the loan. The Law Society further asserts that the sudden need
for a loan, so shortly after the power of attorney was executed, raised the
possibility that the whole sequence of events was a scheme to enable HBS to
procure the loan in the first place. As the respondent did not know HBS
previously, there was no basis for him to simply accept HBS’ assertions.

50 These arguments of the Law Society have merit. Although the irregularities
relating to the first letter of authority can to some extent be individually
explained, it is more difficult to do so when they are considered together.
However, notwithstanding the cumulative weight of the irregularities, we find
that the second charge has not been proven beyond a reasonable doubt. At the
material time, the respondent had some reason to believe that HBS was acting
in HCS’ interests. HBS was taking responsibility for HCS’ affairs, and the
latter appeared willing to entrust the sale of the flat to him. There was a
coherent explanation for the loan agreement indicating that it was truly for
HCS’ benefit which the respondent may have relied on. A solicitor need not
approach every aspect of a transaction with a suspicious mind.

The third charge: the respondent’s response to the deed of revocation and the
second letter of authority

51 The third charge relates to the respondent’s failure to comply with the
second letter of authority, which directed him to pay the sale proceeds over
to Alpha Law, or to refer the matter to court for determination if there were
reasonable doubts regarding the validity of the deed of revocation and the
second letter of authority. While we are of the opinion that the respondent
had not dealt with these documents as a reasonably competent solicitor would
have, we do not agree that the respondent should have paid the sale proceeds
to Alpha Law if he was to avoid sanction. Indeed, Alpha Law had also made it
clear to the respondent that he could as an option keep the money so long as
he did not pay it to HCS through HBS.

52 The Law Society’s case is that the respondent should have been alerted to
the danger posed by HBS and, as a corollary, the legitimacy of the second
letter of authority should have been established in his mind. When HCT visited
the respondent’s office, he had warned the respondent that HBS had gambling
problems and that the purpose of the loan was likely to be for the settlement
of HBS’ gambling debts. While the respondent denies that such a warning had
been given, there is no reason to doubt HCT. The DT was of the view that HCT
was a credible witness. More importantly, subsequent events have affirmed the
validity of HCT’s concerns.

53 These warnings were reinforced by Wong’s letter of 28 January 2010 and his
subsequent meeting with the respondent. The Law Society points out that the
letter clearly and precisely identified the risk that the respondent faced in
dealing with HBS. While in the witness box, the respondent was also challenged
that there was no objective evidence to show that HCT or HJS would act against
HCS’ interests or that there was anything wrong with Wong’s instructions.
However, it must be asked why the respondent should be expected to take HCT
and Wong at their word. If events had transpired differently, for example had
HCT and/or Wong made off with the sale proceeds, the respondent could well be
facing disciplinary proceedings for handing over the sale proceeds at their
request.

54 The Law Society asserts that the respondent had received HCS’ SGH bills in
January 2010 and that these should have alerted him that something was amiss.
The bills showed that the sum due to SGH was under $15,000, far less than the
$46,800 loan, and remained unpaid long after the loan was received. However,
this is not a decisive point. As the charges due before a government grant was
subtracted were $63,124.81, the discrepancy may not have been obvious to the
respondent. It seems to us, however, more likely than not that the respondent
simply did not pay sufficient attention to the relevant details to process all
this information: see below at [88]. He plainly did not approach his
engagement conscientiously.

55 Given the circumstances the respondent was in, he was entitled to hold on
to the sale proceeds and to demand that Alpha Law satisfy him of the
legitimacy of their instructions. The respondent’s threat to release a cheque
to HCS at the nursing home was certainly irresponsible but he did not follow
through with it. His ultimate release of the sale proceeds is the subject of
the fourth and fifth charges and should not be interpolated to this charge.

56 However, we should not be understood as saying that the respondent was
entitled to be completely passive or, worse still, inert. He had received two
separate visits from HCT and Wong. Through these visits, notice of the
possible risks of releasing the sale proceeds was received and serious
allegations against HBS were made. He would also have been aware of the
irregularities in the first letter of authority and the loan agreement. In
these circumstances, a solicitor must seek to ascertain the truth in order to
safeguard his client’s interests. Referring the matter to court would
certainly have been the most secure method of resolving the dispute. The
circumstances had changed since his original engagement, and it ought to have
been clear to him that his client was both vulnerable and prone to changing
his mind. If he had difficulty in contacting HCS or in ascertaining his true
intentions, as was apparently the case, he ought to have referred the matter
to court for determination. In failing to either contact HCS or refer the
matter to court, we find the respondent guilty of misconduct within the
meaning of s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act and that the third charge has been made out
against him.

57 The respondent has also been charged with breaching s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act
on the basis of a breach of rr 25(_b_) and 41(_a_) of the Professional Conduct
Rules. These provide as follows:

**Conflict of interest**

**25**. During the course of a retainer, an advocate and solicitor shall
advance the client’s interest unaffected by –

…

(_b_) any interest of any other person …

…

…

**Termination of retainer**

**41**. An advocate and solicitor shall –

(_a_) permit a client to change his legal adviser at any time ...

It will be seen from the discussion above that the respondent’s error under
the third charge is unrelated to any question of a conflict of interest or a
change of representation. Accordingly, the respondent has not breached s
83(2)(_b_) of the Act on the third charge.

The fourth and fifth charges: the third letter of authority and the release of
the sale proceeds

58 It is the respondent’s actions from 1 to 8 March 2010 that give the most
cause for concern. The gravamen of the fourth charge is that the respondent’s
actions during this period deliberately undermined Alpha Law’s authority to
act for HCS and to protect the sale proceeds. The fifth charge alleges that he
had failed to advise HCS on the nature, purport and consequence of the third
letter of authority. We find the respondent’s actions in relation to the third
letter of authority take centre stage in this case as it was pursuant to this
document that the sale proceeds were disbursed and misappropriated. It is for
this reason that the fifth charge will be discussed prior to the fourth
charge. Not only is the fourth charge largely secondary, it loses much of its
force if it can be shown that the respondent had satisfied his duty to HCS in
properly advising him on the disbursement of the sale proceeds.

The respondent’s continued dealings with HBS

59 Given the allegations that had been made against HBS, it would have been
prudent for the respondent to have reassessed the position regarding HBS in
the meantime. Just as it would have been inappropriate for the respondent to
have assumed that HCT and Wong’s allegations against HBS were true, it would
have been similarly inappropriate for him, in the prevailing circumstances
(considering that the power of attorney had been given by a vulnerable client
with whom he had only cursorily met), to assume that they were entirely
without substance. The reasonable thing to do would have been to act on the
supposition that there was a plausible risk that HBS might have ulterior
motives at odds with the interests of HCS. Indeed, the respondent admitted
that he had been given clear warning of the risk posed by HBS:[note: 7]

Q... Finally, you accept that you were now being put on notice that there was
a risk that [HCS] may have a joint bank account with [HBS], and this was a
real risk because [HBS] had already indicated an intention to use a part of
the sale proceeds to clear his own debt?

AYes.

60 Having had notice of the risk of dealing with HBS, the respondent’s efforts
to satisfy himself that HBS was trustworthy are nothing short of
bewildering:[note: 8]

QWhen you had been informed that there’s a possibility that [HCS] and [HBS]
has a joint bank account, and this is a serious concern because [HBS] had
already demonstrated an intention to take some of the sale proceeds for
himself, what did you do in response to verify whether this was a real risk or
not?

AI think I call him to check whether such a thing exist, but the answer is
“No”, I left it is---as it is.

QSo your response was to call [HBS] himself over the telephone to ask him
whether there was ---he had a joint account with the victim?

AYes.

QAnd he said “No, we don’t have a joint account”, and you were content with
that answer?

AYes.

61 The inadequacy of the respondent’s efforts is startling. HBS’ assurances
would be worthless if he did have ulterior motives. This problem was
compounded by that fact that the respondent continued to act at HBS’ behest.
It is clear that the eventual release of the sale proceeds had been set in
motion by HBS. As stated at [23] above, the respondent’s evidence was that he
had been approached by HBS around 1 March 2010 regarding the release of the
sale proceeds. It appears that this did not take the form of an innocuous
inquiry and that the respondent was under some pressure from HBS to release
the sale proceeds urgently:[note: 9]

ASee, around the 1st, I believe I received either a call or the---er, [HBS]
approached me. So I told them to go and see a medical officer to get me a
medical report on the soundness of [HCS’s] mental capacity.

...

QDid you still consider [HBS] to be your client at that time?

AHe asked for the names of doctors, I gave it to him. ... I do not take him as
a client then.

...

QWhose idea was it to get a medical report?

AI really can’t recall whose idea was it. _Probably it was [HBS] who was
asking on the funds. I say I cannot release the funds._

QWhy was [HBS] asking for the funds?

AProbably wanted the money.

QSo you told him you couldn’t release it?

AYes.

...

QWhy did you ask him to give you a psychiatric report?

ACome on lah, **_somebody is badgering me over the phone and asking me, so
only way says, “Give me the psychiatric report, then I’ll consider.”_**

[emphasis in italics and bold italics added]

62 It must be asked of what relevance HBS’ “badgering” was to the respondent
by this time. It is not the respondent’s evidence that he had been shown that
HCS had a pressing need for the money at that time. Why had he not contacted
HCS directly? Indeed, the respondent eventually acknowledged when pressed
during cross-examination that continuing to be in exclusive contact with HBS
might not have been quite appropriate:[note: 10]

QDo you now, at least---

…

Q\---accept that it was not appropriate for you \---

…

Q\---to still be speaking to [HBS] and taking instructions from him?

ASee, the other point is, [HBS] is no longer the attorney after the
completion. So would it be appropriate for me to talk to him thereafter?

…

QAnd how---and what is your answer---

…

\---to your own question?

AI’ll leave it that way.

63 This was a situation in which the respondent should have stood firm and
refrained from complying with any of HBS’ instructions while the truth was
unequivocally ascertained. Instead, he inexplicably caved in to the pressure
exerted on him and, in arranging for the examination by Dr Lee, facilitated
the eventual release of the sale proceeds.

The respondent’s failure to advise HCS

64 It is undisputed that the respondent had not advised HCS regarding the
third letter of authority and the instructions to transfer the sale proceeds
to the OCBC account contained therein. However, the key issue is this: Was it
reasonable for the respondent to have accepted that those directions were the
result of HCS’ own fully informed decision and in his interests? Three points
were made in the respondent’s favour by his counsel, but it will be seen that
none of them are satisfactory.

65 First, the respondent had arranged for HCS to be examined by Dr Lee. Dr
Lee’s report disclosed that HCS was mentally sound and capable of managing his
own affairs. It also showed that the intentions that HCS had conveyed to Dr
Lee conformed to the directions that were to be drafted into the third letter
of authority. Thus, the respondent had the benefit of the opinion of an
independent professional that there was nothing untoward about the release of
the sale proceeds. However, in arranging for this examination, the respondent
had surprisingly failed to apprise Dr Lee of the relevant facts and, even more
significantly, why he required HCS to undergo a psychiatric evaluation. Dr Lee
had not been informed of the background behind the need for a medical report.
He had not been told that allegations had been made against HBS and that there
were doubts about the safety of releasing the sale proceeds. Nor had he been
warned that HCS had apparently expressed diametrically opposed views
previously, resulting in the execution of the deed of revocation and the
second letter of authority.

66 At the hearing before the DT, Dr Lee had noted that in one sense his report
would not have been affected even if he had been fully informed: the fact that
HCS had clearly expressed reasons for wanting the sale proceeds to be
deposited into his own account would remain. However, Dr Lee also stated that
he would have had a different impression of the circumstances had he seen the
loan agreement as he would then have been aware that part of the sale proceeds
was to be directed towards repaying Tan’s loan to HBS. Further, had Dr Lee
known of HCS’ instructions to Alpha Law, he would have wanted to know why HCS
had changed his mind about selling the flat. Dr Lee also noted that the fact
that HCS had previously changed his mind would have been “an important
consideration” and agreed with the characterisation of HCS as “flip-flopping”.

67 In short, Dr Lee was denied the opportunity to make the thorough inquiry
into HCS’ wishes he otherwise would have made and was instead confined to
making an assessment of HCS’ apparent mental competence and the immediate need
to form a committee on his behalf. This is plain from Dr Lee’s report, where
the focus was on HCS’ medical history as well as his ability to comprehend his
circumstances and the proposed course of releasing the sale proceeds. But HCS’
mental competence or even the cogency of his reasons for seeking the release
of the sale proceeds should not have been the respondent’s main concern in
light of the allegations that had been made against HBS. Instead, it was the
allegations, HCS’ “flip-flopping”, and whether he was acting under duress from
HBS that needed to be squarely confronted. This the report did not even begin
to address and consequently it was not satisfactory for the respondent to rely
on it to fulfil his professional responsibilities.

68 Most crucially, a prudent solicitor would have readily appreciated the
impropriety of having HBS, the very person against whom accusations of acting
against HCS’ interests had been levelled, accompany HCS for the examination
with Dr Lee. At the very least, this would have raised plausible concerns
about HCS’ willingness or ability to be candid during the examination. Given
also that the respondent was aware of the possibility that HBS was
manipulating HCS, it appears that the respondent was inappropriately
attempting to delegate his responsibility to make further inquiries to Dr Lee.
That Dr Lee’s report was being inappropriately used as a substitute for a
proper inquiry is suggested by the fact that the respondent had not even read
the report until after the third letter of authority had been executed. In
these circumstances, it is reasonable to conclude that the respondent’s main
purpose in obtaining the report was to shield himself from possible further
criticism from Wong.

69 Similar observations can be made about Tham’s involvement in the execution
of the power of attorney. On the one hand, another independent professional
had translated and explained the third letter of authority to HCS. On the
other hand, like Dr Lee, she was plainly not privy to the questionable
background permeating every aspect of the subject transaction. She was
therefore obviously not in a position to advise HCS. In any event, unlike the
case of the medical examination where a report had been produced, the
respondent had no knowledge of Tham’s conversation with HCS as he was not
present when she was attending to him. He could not have been certain that
Tham had adequately briefed HCS, or that HCS had understood what she was
saying. It bears noting that it was again HBS who was involved in procuring
the execution of the third letter of authority by bringing HCS to the
respondent’s office. Thus, the respondent should not have relied on Tham’s
involvement at all. _Indeed, that the respondent attempted to outsource his
professional responsibilities to Tham and Dr Lee at all is troubling. It
suggests that he was attempting to follow the path of least resistance in
bending to HBS’ will and involved two other professionals to absolve him from
his personal professional responsibilities.__He failed to do all that was
within his power to attend to the matter in a manner that was most
advantageous to his client’s interests._

70 Finally, the respondent asserts that the OCBC account was to the best of
his knowledge in HCS’ sole name. However, it is highly pertinent that the
respondent had already been informed that HCS and HBS had a joint account, see
[21] above. Yet, he made no effort to clarify this matter with HCS. The
respondent’s counsel had attempted to gloss over this and instead suggested
that the respondent had verified that HCS’ bank account was a single account
by checking the account book and that there was therefore little risk of the
money being misappropriated. We cannot agree. Even if it was assumed that the
account book had only one name, this did not mean that HBS could not
misappropriate the sale proceeds. Any prudent lawyer would have realised that
HBS could not because of his physical infirmity operate the bank account on
his own. HCS would have to rely on others to operate any bank account, whether
joint or solely in his name. Wong had already warned the respondent of the
high likelihood of this happening. HBS might also have had possession of a
power of attorney to operate this account. Further, given HCS’ physical
condition, HBS could have simply used threats or pressure to obtain the
documents and information necessary to withdraw the money. We have difficulty
in understanding why the respondent was apparently oblivious to all these
risks.

71 Even if the three preceding points in favour of the respondent did not
suffer from these serious weaknesses, we find it astonishing that the
respondent had made no effort, at any point of time, to discuss the matter
alone with HCS. In _Law Society of Singapore v Tan Phuay Khiang_ [2007] 3
SLR(R) 477 (“ _Tan Phuay Khiang_ ”), this Court rejected the contention that
solicitors perform only a ministerial role in relation to the execution of a
power of attorney for the sale of a flat. It was held that a solicitor’s
responsibility went beyond the essentially perfunctory role of preparing a
power of attorney and witnessing its execution to taking reasonable care to
advise and ensure that his clients understood the implications of their
actions. Plainly, a solicitor may be under a duty to make further inquiries
and give appropriate advice even in the most commonplace and pedestrian
matters. These principles are fully applicable in the present case,
particularly because the respondent had been put on notice that there were
risks involved in the seemingly innocuous transaction. In fact, the
respondent’s duty to advise HCS with diligence and competence would have been
easily satisfied: he need only have directly asked HCS about the truth of the
contentions made by HCT and Wong and for an explanation for the deed of
revocation and the second letter of authority. The following observations made
by this Court in _Law Society of Singapore v Uthayasurian Sidambaram_ [2009] 4
SLR(R) 674 (“ _Uthayasurian Sidambaram_ ”) at [57]–[60] are apposite in this
context:

57 ... [T]he solicitor ought to tailor his advice to suit the needs of his
client and not be afraid to ask probing questions. …

…

59 … A solicitor should be diligent in the course of his retainer and raise
any matter of significance to his client but this does not mean that a
solicitor should blindly execute the instructions of the client. …

60 … Solicitors ... cannot be content with simply following the instructions
of their clients blindly, whether it is for fear of reproach or rebuke, but
must exercise practical wisdom in advising their clients. …

[original emphasis omitted]

72 These observations have particular relevance to the present case. In light
of the allegations that had been made, it was incumbent upon the respondent to
ascertain his client’s true state of mind and intentions. However, the
respondent had made no effort to directly confront the allegations against HBS
by asking HCS about them. It is indisputable that these allegations were a
matter of grave significance that should have been raised with HCS. In
choosing to comply with the third letter of authority without first
questioning his client about these matters, the respondent was merely blindly
executing instructions. Indeed, he should not even have acted in relation to
the third letter of authority, given the facts known to him then. Questioning
HCS about the allegations alone and away from the influence of HBS would have
at one stroke enabled the respondent to determine their legitimacy and the
reasons HCS had for his divergent instructions. It would have brought to HCS’
attention the risks of depositing the money in the OCBC account and satisfied
the respondent that HCS was fully informed about the potential consequences of
his proposed course of conduct. It is what any reasonably competent lawyer
would have done in the circumstances to satisfy himself that there was no risk
of misappropriation of the sale proceeds.

73 In failing to do as indicated, we find the respondent guilty of misconduct
within the meaning of s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act and that the fifth charge has
been made out against the respondent. However, we note that the respondent
cannot be said to have breached either r 21 or r 25(_b_) of the Professional
Conduct Rules. The former provides (see [57] above for the latter):

**Explanation to client**

**21.** —(1) An advocate and solicitor shall explain in a clear manner,
proposals of settlement, other offers or positions taken by other parties
which affect the client.

Rule 21 applies to communications from other parties, which the third letter
of authority is not. Rule 25(_b_) concerns solicitors who have allowed their
protection of their client’s interest to be affected by the interest of a
third party. In contrast, the respondent has not so much been affected by the
interest of another person as he has failed to safeguard his client’s own.
Accordingly, the respondent has not breached s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act on the
charge as framed.

Deliberately undermining Alpha Law’s authority to act for HCS

74 While Mr Vergis took the position that the fourth charge was central in the
case against the respondent, it appears to us, however, to be of only
peripheral importance in as much as the focus of this case must be the
respondent’s duties to his client. That said, there is no doubt that the
respondent’s conduct under this charge does raise serious concerns. For one,
rather than simply taking a guarded approach to Alpha Law as the respondent
was entitled to, he had instead engaged in a course of conduct that was
positively uncooperative and disruptive by acting as he did between 1 and 8
March 2010 without keeping Wong informed. Indeed, the respondent now readily
admits this:[note: 11]

QYou had on numerous occasions during your oral testimony criticise [Wong] for
going behind your back and talking to [HCS] and getting him to sign off on
documents. Weren’t you doing the exact same thing?

AYes.

QDidn’t it occur to you that you should accord some professional courtesy to
[Wong] to tell him?

AWas I accorded the courtesy?

QWe’ve already shown you that he went to see [HCS], he was under the
impression that you were merely acting for [HBS]. You on the other hand, Sir,
were clearly aware that he had a written letter of authority appointing him to
act for [HCS].

AI was---I did not call him because I believe that he went behind my back,
indeed so I reciprocated and so---

QSo you’re saying you intentionally didn’t inform [Wong]?

AYou can take it that way.

...

QBut the point is you intentionally wanted to keep him in the dark?

AI intentionally did not inform him that [HCS] came to my office, not keep in
the dark.

75 The respondent was plainly taking a bloody-minded approach in relation to
his dealings with Wong. It is clear from the exchange reproduced above that
this was a result of the respondent feeling slighted by Wong having gone
behind his back to contact his client, HCS. However, it was unreasonable for
the respondent to prefer assuaging his “hurt” over his duty to advance his
client’s interests. We also think that such an attitude should not be
encouraged even where solicitors are representing different parties in a
matter, let alone where they purport to act for the same client. As fellow
members of an honourable profession, solicitors must treat each other with
respect and courtesy even as they pursue their clients’ interests to the
utmost.

76 However, the respondent’s conduct takes on an altogether more troubling
complexion when the circumstances in which he acted are considered. Given that
he appeared to be bending to HBS’ will and taking a defensive approach to
justify his actions, his failure to respond to Alpha Law until after the sale
proceeds had been released raises the inference that he sought to present
Alpha Law and Wong with a _fait accompli_. The respondent appears to have
intentionally deprived Alpha Law of an opportunity to object to his course of
action or to take steps to stop him. He had been put on notice that Alpha Law
was also seeking to have HCS examined (see [21] and [22] above). The
suggestion by the Law Society was that the respondent intended to release the
money without prior notice to Alpha Law to prevent Wong from taking preventive
action. On the basis of the established facts, this certainly appears to be
the position. A prudent solicitor would not have acted as the respondent did
without first verifying with HCS why he had signed the second letter of
authority. The respondent inexplicably never did so.

77 Accordingly, we find the respondent guilty of misconduct within the meaning
of s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act and that the fourth charge has been made out
against the respondent. However, as with the fifth charge, the respondent
cannot be said to be in breach of r 25(_b_) of the Professional Conduct Rules
as he did not engage in this disruptive course of conduct with the aim of
advancing HBS’ interests. The respondent was also charged with breaching rr 28
and 47 of the Professional Conduct Rules, which provide as follows:

**Potential conflict of interests**

**28**. When accepting instructions to act for more than one party in any
commercial or conveyancing transaction where a diversity of interests exists
between the parties, an advocate and solicitor shall advise each party of the
potential conflict of interests and of the advocate and solicitor’s duty if
such conflict arises.

**…**

**Relationship with other advocates and solicitors**

**47**. An advocate and solicitor shall treat his professional colleagues with
courtesy and fairness.

Rule 28 is not applicable to the present case as the respondent has not been
instructed by more than one client. His client has at all times been HCS
alone. We also do not think that the respondent’s conduct attracts sanction
under r 47. This is a case of abdication from responsibility and patent
disregard of a client’s interests rather than professional discourtesy.

Due cause

78 On the facts, and on the basis of the third, fourth and fifth charges
against the respondent being made out, we find that there is due cause for the
respondent to be sanctioned pursuant to s 83(1) of the Act. The respondent’s
breaches constituted serious breaches of duty to his client and have had grave
consequences. In these circumstances, it would not be sufficient to remit the
matter to the DT for a reprimand or penalty to be meted out pursuant to s
93(1)(_b_) of the Act.

79 It will be noted that the respondent has been measured against the standard
of the reasonably competent solicitor in the analysis above. Such language
invites comparison with professional negligence. However, it should not be
assumed that every case of negligence by a solicitor will result in a finding
of due cause for sanction under the Act. In assessing whether a given instance
of negligence supports a finding of due cause, the factual backdrop and the
precise actions and state of mind of the solicitor are of paramount
importance. In other words, no single factor is determinative. An episode of
innocent bungling to the client’s detriment may call for compensation but not
censure. The professional lapse must be grave if it is to attract disciplinary
sanction: see [1] above. Plainly, several serious lapses in the course of a
professional engagement would invite serious consequences, including
disciplinary sanction(s).

80 In the present case, the finding of due cause is supported by HCS’ obvious
vulnerability and the fact that the risks he faced had been plainly and
repeatedly brought home to the respondent. As the DT graphically put it, this
is a case of “not just alarm bells ringing, but sirens blaring”: see [36]
above. The respondent utterly failed to advise HCS on these risks and instead
attempted to outsource his responsibilities to other professionals in an
attempt to justify a questionable course of conduct in wilful disregard of
HCS’ interests. This serious and repeated abdication of duty by the respondent
is compounded by his unjustified attitude of antagonism towards Wong which he
apparently continues to mistakenly harbour, even today. While the respondent
might have been justified in treating Wong guardedly initially, it is clear
that he was by March 2010 simply attempting to prevent Wong from questioning
his actions. That his counsel even in their submissions to us continued to
relentlessly criticise Wong is regrettable.

The appropriate penalty

81 During the hearing before us, Mr Vergis submitted that the gravity of the
present matter warranted that the respondent be struck off the roll. In this
regard, the oft-cited words of Sir Thomas Bingham MR in _Bolton v Law Society_
[1994] 1 WLR 512 at 518 warrant repeating:

Any solicitor who is shown to have discharged his professional duties with
anything less than complete integrity, probity and trustworthiness must expect
severe sanctions to be imposed upon him ... Lapses from the required high
standard may, of course, take different forms and be of varying degrees. The
_most serious involves proven dishonesty_ , whether or not leading to criminal
proceedings and criminal penalties. In such cases the tribunal has _almost
invariably_ , no matter how strong the mitigation advanced for the solicitor,
_ordered that he be struck off the Roll of Solicitors_. ... _If a solicitor is
not shown to have acted dishonestly, but is shown to have fallen below the
required standards of integrity, probity and trustworthiness, his lapse is
less serious but it remains very serious indeed in a member of a profession
whose reputation depends upon trust. A striking off order will not necessarily
follow in such a case, but it may well. The decision whether to strike off or
to suspend will often involve a fine and difficult exercise of judgment, to be
made by the tribunal as an informed and expert body on all the facts of the
case._ Only in a very unusual and venial case of this kind would the tribunal
be likely to regard as appropriate any order less severe than one of
suspension. [emphasis added]

82 As can be seen, a striking off is generally warranted only in cases of
proven dishonesty or where a respondent is shown to have fallen below the
required standards of integrity, probity and trustworthiness. While we are
troubled by the respondent’s conduct, we are unable to agree with the Law
Society that a striking off is the appropriate penalty in the present case.
Central to the two categories of lapses enunciated by the learned Master of
the Rolls are the qualities of honour, morality and uprightness. Whatever
failings the respondent is guilty of, he cannot be said to have manifested a
deficit of these qualities or a defect of character. Rather, he has failed to
act as a reasonably competent solicitor would have done in the circumstances.
In short, he has failed to act (during several episodes in the course of his
professional representation of HCS) with diligence and competence and merits
punishment, but should not be sanctioned with the same severity as those who
have shown themselves to be dishonest.

83 In its written submissions, the Law Society referred us to a number of
cases in which the respondent solicitor had been suspended for two or three
years and argued that the respondent’s behaviour in the present case was more
blameworthy. However, a perusal of these cases reveals the converse to be
true. Each of these cases concerned respondent solicitors who acted for
multiple parties in the same transaction and favoured the interests of one
client over the others. The Law Society’s reliance on these cases appears
founded on the case theory that the respondent had deliberately favoured the
interests of HBS over HCS, a theory which is not borne out by the evidence.
There is no evidence of a suspicious relationship between the respondent and
HBS. To reiterate, the conduct for which the respondent is being sanctioned is
his failure to advise HCS and to query him on the allegations made against
HBS.

84 In any event, the search for appropriate sentence is constrained by the
paucity of precedents where a solicitor and advocate was sanctioned purely for
a failure to adequately safeguard his client’s interests, as opposed to
failing to do so in a situation of clearly conflicting interests. Yet, there
can be no doubt that such a failure will in the appropriate case call for the
imposition of a sanction pursuant to s 83(1) of the Act. Rule 12 of the
Professional Conduct Rules provides:

**Diligence and competence**

**12**. An advocate and solicitor shall use all reasonably available legal
means consistent with the agreement pursuant to which he is retained to
advance his client’s interest.

85 The case of _Uthayasurian_ _Sidambaram_ (see [71] above), in which the
solicitor received a suspension of one year, is also instructive. While not
directly analogous to the present case insofar as an obvious conflict of
interests arising from a multi-party transaction featured in that case,
significant attention was directed by this court to the solicitor’s failure to
adequately advise his client, an investor in the potential development of real
estate. In particular, he had failed to advise his client of the risks of
granting unfettered authority to an undischarged bankrupt to direct the
disbursement of $1m that the client had invested in the development. Once such
authority was granted, the solicitor was content to blindly follow the
instructions of the bankrupt, resulting in $650,000 of the funds being
wrongfully paid out. This Court found that the evidence fell short of proving
that the solicitor had been privy to any dishonesty and that its highest the
case was one of utter incompetence. The two cases are thus similar as each
respondent blindly complied with his client’s instructions even though it was
apparent that there was a risk such instructions were not in the client’s best
interests. _This is not, we reiterate, a matter involving just a single
episode of oversight in the course of a professional engagement. Here, the
respondent had not only_ _gravely but repeatedly_ _failed to properly
discharge his professional responsibilities and had fallen far short of the
standards expected of a competent solicitor_. For ease of reference, we now
summarise our findings.

Summary of findings

86 The evidence does not disclose any dishonesty on the part of the
respondent. It is recognised that the respondent had some reason to question
the veracity of the warnings: see [51] and [53] above. He had taken some steps
to protect HCS, though those steps were on any objective standard wholly
inadequate and perhaps partially calculated to defend the respondent’s actions
from criticism: see [68]–[69] above. Further, self-interest has not played a
role in this unfortunate episode. The respondent’s only prospect of gain
throughout was his fees, and these have proven to be poor compensation for the
trouble he has been put through.

87 However, the respondent failed to act appropriately even after receiving
comprehensible and apparently credible warnings of the risks facing his
client: see [56], [63] and [72] above. This failure is achingly compounded by
the fact that an element of ill-considered stubbornness seems to have
significantly contributed to his unwillingness to cooperate with Wong to
safeguard his client’s interests: see [74]–[76] above. As a result, a
vulnerable client who was already in dire need of funds has lost his home and
only asset of substance. The respondent failed to maintain direct and clear
channels of communication with his client. He ought not to have meekly caved
in after HBS’s “badgering” and should have clarified his concerns directly
with HCS: see [61], [71] and [72] above. Instead, he puzzlingly relied on
third parties such as Dr Lee and Tham (as well as HBS) to ascertain his
client’s true intentions and objectives in the subject transaction. He must
have known that they were not privy to all the material circumstances and that
HBS was present when they communicated with HCS. This abdication of his
obligation of client loyalty is altogether unacceptable. _Such a grave
responsibility owed_ _to an obviously vulnerable client_ _should have been
personally undertaken rather than delegated_.

88 In the respondent’s submissions before the DT, his counsel submitted
that:[note: 12]

The demeanour of the [respondent] during the hearings especially his
Examination and Cross examination are important for they _show him to be a man
who is weighed down with the practices of a one man show and who wishes to get
things moving and not paying attention at times to details_. _A man who is
unable to properly grasp things and not one who is dishonest or conniving._
[emphasis added]

89 We agree that the evidence does not suggest that the respondent is
dishonest or conniving. This is nevertheless a deeply disturbing concession
that underlines a basic lack of understanding by the respondent of his
professional responsibilities. _First_ , it is entirely unsatisfactory for any
solicitor to state that he has not paid attention to material details or
failed to have grasped obvious matters that could gravely prejudice a client.
That is precisely what he has been professionally engaged to do. _Second_ ,
the pressures of practice can never be a justification for a solicitor’s
failure to meet his professional responsibilities to his clients. Rule 15 of
the Professional Conduct Rules states:

**Inadequate time**

**15**. An advocate and solicitor shall not accept instructions if, having
regard to his other professional commitments, he will not be able to discharge
or carry out such instructions diligently and expeditiously.

Serious risks facing one’s client should never be casually brushed off as mere
details. In regard to the respondent’s supposed inability to properly grasp
issues, it need only be repeated that the standard of professionalism an
advocate and solicitor ought to display is an objective one: see [43] above.
The test is what a reasonably competent solicitor would do having regard to
the normal standards adopted in practice. A solicitor should not accept a
retainer unless he can conscientiously and promptly discharge his
responsibilities to his client.

90 In _Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 266 (“
_Ravindra Samuel_ ”), the court held at [11]–[13] that three factors were
relevant in a determination of the appropriate penalty: (a) protection of the
public, (b) the need to safeguard the collective interests and reputation of
the legal profession as an honourable one, and (c) punishment of the offender.

91 Client care is a paramount consideration in every matter entrusted to a
solicitor. We are of the view that a manifest absence of professional
conscientiousness may suffice to invite sanction under s 83(1) of the Act: see
[1], [79] and [80] above. This meets the objectives of the first two
considerations noted in _Ravindra Samuel_. Such an approach will remind the
profession at large of its grave professional responsibilities to its clients
and thereby serve to protect the public through quality assurance. The
standing of the profession and public confidence in the administration of
justice will also be upheld by qualitatively assessing the discharge of
professional responsibilities against standards of reasonable competence and
diligence in addition to trustworthiness. However, there is no necessity for
the sentence meted out to the respondent to be specially augmented to reflect
these considerations.

Conclusion

92 For the reasons set out above, we have determined that it is appropriate to
direct that the respondent be suspended from practice for a period of three
months commencing one month after the date hereof. In relation to costs, it
must be noted that the Law Society has not succeeded in establishing all the
charges it has preferred against the respondent. In the circumstances, we
think it is appropriate to limit the Law Society’s costs to half of the
ordinarily assessed costs on a standard basis. Parties are to write in within
seven days from the date hereof with their submissions on what ought to be the
appropriate costs due to the Law Society as regards the proceedings here and
for the DT proceedings.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings Volume IIIA Tab B at pp 127–128.

[note: 2]Record of Proceedings Volume IV Tab B at p 39.

[note: 3]Record of Proceedings Volume IV Tab B at p 40.

[note: 4]Record of Proceedings Volume IV Tab B at pp 70–71.

[note: 5]Record of Proceedings Volume IV Tab B at p 92.

[note: 6]Record of Proceedings Volume I Tab I at p 231, para 76.

[note: 7]Record of Proceedings Volume IIIB Tab C at p 160, lines 5–9

[note: 8]Record of Proceedings Volume IIIB Tab C at p 160, lines 17–29

[note: 9]Record of Proceedings Volume IIIB Tab C at p 165, line 31 to p 167,
line 11

[note: 10]Record of Proceedings Volume IIIB Tab C at p 161, lines 19–32

[note: 11]Record of Proceedings Volume IIIB Tab C at p 175, line 28 to p 176,
line 17

[note: 12]Record of Proceedings Volume I Tab G at p 87, para 23.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

