Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Nitine Jantilal _v_ BNP Paribas Wealth Management  
[2012] SGHC 28

Case Number| :| Suit No 1048 of 2009/D  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sureshan s/o T Kulasingam (Advocates Legal Chambers LLP)
for the plaintiff; K Muralidharan Pillai, Sim Wei Na, Luo Qinghui and Ng Chun
Ying (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Nitine Jantilal — BNP Paribas Wealth Management  
  
7 February 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff commenced this action against the defendant when he discovered
that his account with the defendant bank had been reduced in value. He sought
two remedies: first, an account of all transactions, investments, loans,
purchases and sales on his account from its inception to the time the account
was closed. Second, he prayed for damages for the losses, alleging that the
defendant was in breach of various duties owed to him. The defendant bank is
an exempt financial adviser and exempt specialised unit serving high net worth
individuals under s 100(2) of the Financial Advisers Act (Cap 110, 2007 Rev
Ed) (“FAA”).

2 The plaintiff established an account with the defendant on 7 November 2002.
The opening of the account required the plaintiff to execute various
contractual documents:

(a)

Client Information Form

(b)

Mandate for Account

(c)

Schedule to Mandate for Account

(d)

2002 Risk Disclosure Statement and Acknowledgment

(e)

Specimen Signature Card

(f)

2002 Terms and Conditions

Subsequently, he also signed the 2004 Risk Disclosure Statement and
Acknowledgment. I shall refer to the material clauses in these documents as
the defendant’s “standard clauses”. The account had various authorised
signatories. The plaintiff authorised his father and uncle, Damodar Gokani
Jantilal (“Jantilal”) and Gokani Baskar Damodar (“Baskar”) respectively, to
operate the Account singly in accordance with the mandate from the creation of
the account to its closure. On 11 November 2003, the plaintiff added his
cousin, Baskar Damodar Jayes (“Jayes”), as an authorised signatory as well.
The plaintiff also placed the bank account under a hold mail arrangement
during two periods: from 7 November 2002 to 24 February 2009, and then from 19
June 2009 to 21 July 2009. During these periods, correspondence were retained
by the defendant and not despatched to the plaintiff. The hold mail clause
governing the arrangement provided that the plaintiff was deemed to have
notice of the contents of the correspondence, and if the plaintiff or his
authorised signatories did not collect the correspondence within two years,
the defendant would be entitled to destroy them.

3 Stefan Spielbichler (“Spielbichler”) was the defendant’s relationship
manager to the plaintiff. He informed the plaintiff, an Indian citizen, about
the Financial Investors’ Scheme (“FIS”) established by the Monetary Authority
of Singapore (“MAS”). Under the FIS, eligible foreigners are provided with an
expedited means of obtaining permanent residency in Singapore. Among the
salient requirements, the applicant was required to deposit a sum of at least
S$5m with a financial institution regulated by the MAS for a continuous period
of five years commencing from the date of issuance of the entry permit (“the
FIS terms and conditions”). The plaintiff heeded Spielbichler’s advice and
decided to apply for permanent residency under the FIS. Instead of setting up
a new account, his existing account was designated as his FIS account (“FIS
account”) from 28 March 2006 onwards. Sixteen assets were transferred from the
accounts of the plaintiff’s family-owned businesses so that as of 31 March
2006, the FIS Account had US$3,379,313.97 (S$5,469,734.72) of assets. The
plaintiff’s application for permanent residency under the FIS was approved by
the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority on 3 April 2006.

4 Subsequently, some transactions were made in relation to the FIS account.
Eight transactions were made vis-à-vis four assets in the FIS account (“the
specific asset transactions”). Of the signatories, Jayes was the most active
in handling the FIS account and liaising with the defendant. He authorised
most of these transactions. In addition, 13 swap transactions were made (“the
swap transactions”). The plaintiff and his relatives owned a company,
Intrading Ltd (“Intrading”), which was incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands. Intrading also had an account with the defendant. This account faced
a margin call, necessitating a cash injection. Ralph Lau (who took over from
Spielbichler as the plaintiff’s relationship manager between June 2006 to 2
May 2008) advised Jayes to swap assets between the FIS account and the
Intrading account. Believing this would not offend the FIS terms, Jayes
instructed the defendant to execute the swap transactions. Out of the 13
transactions, two were signed by Jayes and Baskar, two by Jayes and the
plaintiff, and the rest by Jayes alone. The plaintiff contended that these
transactions caused a reduction in the value of the FIS account. He
subsequently amended the mandate given to Jayes on 16 May 2008 such that Jayes
could not make any withdrawals from the FIS account by himself. In a letter to
the defendant dated 4 March 2009, the plaintiff instructed that Jayes be
removed as an authorised signatory of the FIS account with immediate effect.
Nonetheless, in a letter dated 6 March 2009, the plaintiff authorised the
defendant to disclose all information and documents in relation to the account
to Jayes. The mandate the plaintiff gave to Jantilal and Baskar remained
unchanged. Following the diminution in value of the FIS account, the plaintiff
also cancelled the hold mail arrangement with immediate effect from 19
February 2009, instructing all mail to be sent to him by email and post.
Urgent matters that required his immediate attention were to be sent by fax
and email to a different account. Then, on 10 April 2009, the plaintiff made a
further change when he instructed the defendant that he would collect all bank
statements, trade confirmations and advices at its premises on a monthly
basis. Any other important letters or urgent matters were to be sent by fax
and followed by courier to the plaintiff’s office address. The defendant did
not carry out these instructions, claiming that they lacked certainty.
Therefore, the 19 February 2009 instructions prevailed until 19 June 2009 when
new instructions were given that all mail were to be held by the defendant for
the plaintiff’s collection on a monthly basis.

5 Shortly after the plaintiff cancelled the hold mail arrangement on 19
February 2009, he sent a letter dated 26 February 2009 to the defendant,
instructing it to transfer monies from the FIS Account to a new account (“the
second FIS account”). The second FIS account was set up on 7 April 2009, with
only the plaintiff and Baskar as authorised signatories. On 14 April 2009, the
plaintiff instructed the defendant to transfer all the monies and assets from
the original FIS account to the second FIS account. The plaintiff’s
instructions were executed on 7 July 2009, with both accounts coming under the
FIS. Eventually, dissatisfied with the defendant, the plaintiff transferred
all the monies and assets in the two accounts to another bank. The two
accounts with the defendant were closed on 21 July 2009.

6 In asking for an account from the defendant and damages for the depletion in
his FIS account, counsel for the plaintiff made three broad submissions.
First, the defendant owed various duties to the plaintiff. These included,
_inter alia_ , fiduciary duties, duties as a trustee, a duty of care, skill
and judgment, statutory obligations to keep the plaintiff informed and to
evaluate the investments and a duty to ensure compliance with the FIS terms
and conditions of MAS. Second, these duties had been breached by various acts
or omissions on the part of the defendant. The defendant did not explain or
inform the plaintiff about the transactions carried out and refused to explain
the account’s movements to him. In addition, the specific asset and swap
transactions were made without his authorisation and in breach of the FIS
terms and conditions. The transactions, the plaintiff further claimed, were
made without a prior assessment of their suitability or his interests. Third,
the defendant cannot rely on its standard clauses to limit its liability or
deny the duties owed and the breach of these duties.

7 The defendant’s case was first that the plaintiff did not owe any duty to
the plaintiff in relation to the FIS account as alleged. Second, the plaintiff
was barred from making a claim in relation to the FIS account because of the
conclusive evidence clause in the defendant’s standard clauses. Third, even if
any such duty arose and the conclusive evidence clause did not apply, no
breach had been committed. The defendant had acted on the proper instructions
of the plaintiff, his authorised signatories or both. It had also complied
with the hold mail arrangement and answered the queries of the plaintiff and
his co-signatories.

8 There are four main issues before me. The first concerns which terms and
conditions governed the bank-customer relationship. The second is whether the
plaintiff was barred from making his claim. The third is to determine what, if
any, duty was owed by the defendant to the plaintiff. If there were, I have to
judge whether any of those duties were breached.

9 The defendant’s counsel argued that several of the standard clauses had
three effects. First, the plaintiff was barred from making his claim. Second,
no duties were owed to the plaintiff. Third, in the alternative, there was no
breach of any duty owed. The plaintiff argued that there were reasons why the
standard clauses should not apply to the FIS account. He claimed that the FIS
terms and conditions excluded the standard clauses and further submitted that
the standard clauses do not form part of the contractual relationship between
the plaintiff and the defendant because the plaintiff was not told that an
existing account would be designated as the FIS account and he did not
understand the standard clauses which were not explained to him. The
defendant’s reply was that the FIS terms and conditions did not vary the bank-
customer relationship at all. The parties’ submissions raise two questions.
First, did the FIS terms and conditions operate to the exclusion of the
defendant’s standard clauses? Second, even if the FIS terms and conditions did
not exclude the defendant’s standard clauses, did the standard clauses form
part of the contract between the parties? If the answers are yes and no
respectively, the defendant would be unable to rely on various contractual
clauses for its defence.

10 Contrary to the defendant’s submissions, I find that it is possible for the
FIS terms to vary the relationship between bank and customer and thus do not
accept the defendant’s case on this point. In a FIS account, a bank has to
provide an undertaking to its customer to provide an annual report on that
account to MAS. However, apart from whether it is possible for the FIS terms
and conditions to vary the standard clauses, the issue of whether the FIS
terms and conditions do in fact vary specific standard clauses only arises
when there is an inconsistency between the two sets of terms and conditions or
when one touches on an area the other is silent on, as is the case for the
undertaking to MAS. Outside these two situations, both the FIS terms and
conditions and the defendant’s standard clauses would apply to the FIS
account. A similar issue arose in _Jiang_ _Ou v EFG Bank AG_ [2011] 4 SLR 246
(“ _Jiang_ _Ou_ ”). The issue there was whether the conclusive evidence clause
in the bank’s standard contractual documentation barred the customer from
making her claim on her FIS account. The High Court’s ruling there on the
conclusive evidence clause impliedly meant that the FIS terms and conditions
would not exclude a bank’s own standard form documentation from having effect.

11 The plaintiff claimed that he did not read or understand the contents of
the standard clauses. These, together with the fact that the defendant did not
bring these clauses to the plaintiff’s notice, meant that they did not form
part of the contractual relationship between the parties. However, I am of the
view that these are irrelevant since the plaintiff, an educated and literate
man (even though he elected to testify in French), had signed the documents.
The courts have consistently held, as seen in _Press Automation Technology Pte
Ltd v Trans-Link Exhibition Forwarding Pte Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 712 at [39]:

…[As] the conditions were incorporated as a whole and that the line of
authorities that decides that onerous and unusual conditions cannot be
incorporated unless the attention of the party sought to be bound has been
specifically drawn to them _does not apply to a case like this where there is
a signed contract with an explicit incorporating clause._ As far as the
authorities are concerned, as I have shown above, all those that apply the
specific notice requirement for onerous clauses are cases in which there was
no signed contract.

[emphasis added]

Furthermore, by signing the Schedule to Mandate for Account and the Risk
Disclosure Statements, the plaintiff effectively acknowledged that he had
received, read, understood and found acceptable the defendant’s standard
clauses, and that independent legal advice might be necessary. I therefore
find that the defendant’s standard clauses in general did form part of the
contract between the parties. I do not think that any of the standard clauses
should be struck down under the Unfair Contracts Term Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev
Ed) (“UCTA”) for being unreasonable. Though a bank is usually in a stronger
bargaining position than the customer, this was mitigated here by the
defendant telling the plaintiff in writing to seek independent legal advice
and the plaintiff’s written acknowledgment that he was a sophisticated
investor. This also meant that the defendant could not be said to have induced
the plaintiff to set up an account with it. By signing the Schedule to Mandate
for Account and the Risk Disclosure Statements, the plaintiff had acknowledged
that he knew and accepted the existence and extent of the terms and
conditions. In all, I find that the defendant could rely on its standard
clauses for its defence.

12 When the FIS account was first created, it was governed by the 2002 Terms
and Conditions. In a letter dated 21 March 2005, the defendant informed its
customers it would be issuing a new 2005 Terms and Conditions which contained
a conclusive evidence clause that the defendant relied on to say that the
plaintiff was barred from pursuing his claim. The conclusive evidence clause
states:

**3.9** **Statements of Account/Advices/Confirmations**

(A) The Bank may, in its sole discretion, issue account statements in respect
of the Customer’s account(s) with the Bank or advices or confirmations in
relation to transactions on such account(s) at such intervals as is customary
or appropriate or as the Bank may otherwise agree with the Customer provided
that no account statement will be issued to the Customer in respect of any
account for any period during which there is no transaction on that account.
The Bank will, if required so to do by applicable law or regulation, issue an
account statement once every twelve (12) calendar months since the date of the
last transaction or at such other intervals as the Bank may determine The Bank
may at any time issue an interim statement. The Customer should receive
account statements within seven (7) days after the date(s) agreed with the
Bank for the issue of account statements (unless there is no transaction on
the relevant account. If an account is not received within such period, the
Customer must inform the bank in writing immediately.

(B) _The Customer is under a duty to examine each account statement, advice or
confirmation promptly following receipt._ Where such examination of any
account statement discloses any _error, discrepancy or unauthorised
transaction or entry on the relevant account(s)_ (“Statement Error”), the
Customer must notify the Bank within (in the case of Hong Kong Branch) ninety
(90) days or (in the case of Singapore Branch) _fourteen (14) days_ or such
other period which may be stated in the relevant statement of receipt of the
relevant account statement. Where such examination of any advice or
confirmation discloses any error, discrepancy or unauthorised transaction or
entry on the relevant account(s) (“Advice Error”), _the Customer must notify
the Bank within such period_ as is stipulated in the relevant advice or
confirmation, or, where no period is stipulated, within fourteen (14) days of
receipt of the relevant advice or confirmation.

(C) _If the Customer fails to_ (i) advise the Bank of non-receipt of an
account statement, advice or confirmation within fourteen (14) days of the
date on which that account statement, advice or confirmation should have been
received by the Customer or (ii)  _notify the bank in writing of any Statement
Error or Advice Error within the periods referred to in Clause 3.9(B) above,
the Customer shall be deemed to have agreed_ (subject to Clause 3.9(E)):

(_i_) _that the relevant account statement, advice or confirmation is binding
upon him;_

(_ii_) _that all debits, credits and other transactions and entries and the
balance of the Customer’s account(s) recorded in such account statement,
advice or confirmation are true and correct and shall be conclusive without
further proof as against the Customer; and_

(_iii_) _to waive any rights to raise objections or to pursue any remedies
against the Bank in respect of the account statement, advice or confirmation_

except in the case of manifest error.

[emphasis added]

The plaintiff argued that the terms were unreasonable and should not be upheld
under the UCTA. Having regard to the circumstances which were or ought
reasonably to have been known to the parties when the contract was made, I
find that the conclusive evidence clause and hold mail clause were not
unreasonable for the reasons I mentioned above. Yet, while the conclusive
evidence clause was applicable, I am of the view that it did not bar the
plaintiff from making his claim in relation to the FIS account. The effect of
the clause is a question of construction. Various principles of contract law
apply here, the first being the _contra proferentum_ rule. The High Court in
_Jiang_ _Ou_ commented at [71] and [89] that conclusive evidence clauses
generally are conclusive of the correctness of a transaction, rather than
being capable of operating as retrospective authorisation of the transaction.
I agree with this and thus find that the clause was conclusive evidence of the
identity and value of assets in the FIS account. Clause 3.9(B)’s reference to
“unauthorised transactions” does not prevent the plaintiff from claiming that
the specific asset transactions and swap transactions were unauthorised.
Rather, it meant that if the plaintiff did not dispute the identity and value
of the assets in the FIS within the prescribed period, he would not be able to
challenge the statement of account later on, regardless of the reasons why the
statement is inaccurate and even if the transaction which caused the
inaccuracy or error was unauthorised. The plaintiff, however, was not saying
here that the identity and value were inaccurate. Indeed, he accepted that the
transactions were made and the FIS account now stands at a diminished value.
Instead, his claim is that the transactions were done without his
authorisation and in breach of the duties owed to him, so that the defendant
was liable to him in damages. The defendant asserted that the conclusive
evidence clause of the 2005 Terms and Conditions applied even though the
plaintiff did not have actual notice, by virtue of the hold mail arrangement.
Given my construction of the conclusive evidence clause such that it did not
bar the plaintiff’s claim, it was not necessary for me to deal with this
issue.

13 Since the conclusive evidence clause did not bar the plaintiff’s claim, I
consider next what duty, if any, the defendant owed to him. The plaintiff
submitted that fiduciary duties, duties of trusteeship and/or a duty of care
were created by virtue of the FIS account. He claimed that even if the
standard clauses apply, they had been varied by the FIS terms and conditions.
The defendant’s response was that the FIS did not have the effect of changing
the contractual nature of the account which was an advisory account and thus
did not impose any duty in that regard. I am of the view that the defendant
did not owe any fiduciary duty or a tortious duty of care to the plaintiff.
The bank-customer relationship is contractual and not one of trusteeship. I
agree with the view expressed in _Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd_
[2008] 1 SLR(R) 237 at [60]:

60 The relationship between a bank and its customer is a contractual one. The
bank does not, generally, owe fiduciary duties to its customers. However, a
fiduciary relationship can arise between the bank and its customer under
certain circumstances. Indeed, in  _Cook v Evatt (No 2)_ [1992] 1 NZLR 676, it
was held (at 685) that:

The essence of a fiduciary relationship is an inequality of bargaining power
brought about by the trust or confidence reposed in, and accepted by, the
fiduciary to perform some function for another's benefit in circumstances
where the beneficiary lacks the power adequately to control or supervise the
exercise of that function.

Second, although the plaintiff claimed that the FIS account created a “special
relationship of trust” he did not satisfactorily explain how that relationship
arose. Third, in any event, I find, and there was sufficient basis for me to
so find, that the bank-customer relationship was one where the plaintiff
agreed not to rely on and trust the defendant’s advice. Being an exempt
specialised unit serving high net worth individuals under s 100(2) of the FAA,
the defendant owed no duty to advise the plaintiff, including the duty to
disclose product information to clients and the duty to have a reasonable
basis for making product recommendations. Further, the fact that the plaintiff
had pleaded that the defendant had no authority to carry out the specific
asset and swap transactions shows that the account was not a discretionary
one. The defendant could not deal with the assets as it wished but had to act
only upon its customer’s instructions. Finally, several of the standard
clauses expressly negated any inference of the defendant owing fiduciary
duties or a tortious duty of care. These included:

(a) Acknowledgement of the 2002 Risk Disclosure statement:

_I/We further agree that I/we will not enter into any transaction in reliance
on any statement or representation of any officer of the Bank_ and that save
to the extent agreed in writing by the Bank (including any responsibilities
agreed by the Bank in any Discretionary Portfolio Management Agreement or
similar document executed between the Bank and myself/ourselves) _the Bank is
not my/our financial adviser or fiduciary nor is the Bank adopting any
responsibilities to advise me/us in any way_ unless stated so in such written
agreement.

[emphasis added]

(b) Acknowledgment of the 2004 Risk Disclosure Statement

I/We declare that in entering into any transaction, _I/we have decided to do
so based on my/our personal judgment, and independently of, and not in
reliance on any statement, representation or recommendation of the Bank and
my/our entry into any transaction shall constitute a representation and
warranty to this effect which the Bank shall be entitled to rely upon_ , save
to the extent agreed in writing by the Bank (including any responsibilities
agreed by the Bank in any Discretionary Portfolio Management Agreement or
similar document executed between the Bank and myself/ourselves) I/we agree
that (in the absence of any actual written undertaking by the Bank) that _the_
_Bank is not my/our financial advisor or fiduciary nor is the Bank adopting
any responsibilities to advise me/us in any way._

[emphasis added]

14 The plaintiff’s claim that the defendant had a duty to advise him properly
has to be understood in the light of _Go Dante Yap v Bank Austria
Creditanstalt AG_ [2011] SGCA 39 at [27] where the Court of Appeal declined to
recognise a specific tortious duty to advise, deciding instead that the issue
was whether there was a breach of a duty of care owed to the customer:

27 However, as we have noted at [19] above, the correct question was not
whether the Respondent owed the Appellant a tortious duty to advise, but
whether the Respondent owed the Appellant a tortious duty to take reasonable
care in rendering services to him and following his instructions, and, if so,
whether it had breached that duty by failing to give the advice which the
Appellant alleged should have been given in circumstances where any reasonable
bank in the Respondent’s position would have given that advice.

Whether the defendant owed a tortious duty of care to the plaintiff turned on
whether the two-stage test of proximity and public policy was satisfied. The
threshold requirement of foreseeability was met because I find that the
failure to exercise due care in the discharge of its role by the defendant
could reasonably result in the customer incurring some form of loss. However,
the plaintiff’s acknowledgment of the Risk Disclosure Statements and various
other standard clauses meant that there was no assumption of responsibility by
the defendant. Consequently, there was no proximity between the parties to
found a duty of care. The other standard clauses which led me to my decision
are:

(a) The 2004 Risk Disclosure Statement

In considering whether to trade or enter into any transaction, you should be
aware of the following:

1\. _Contractual terms_ : You have the responsibility to fully understand the
terms and conditions of the treasury, securities and financial derivatives
transaction to be undertaken … You should therefore familiarize yourself with
the terms and conditions of any agreement, contract or confirmation that you
may enter into with the Bank. You must fully understand your rights and
obligations under that agreement, contract or confirmation

(b) Clause 6(1)(i) of the Master Agreement dated 16 May 2008 signed by the
plaintiff with the defendant when the plaintiff entered into derivative
transactions::

[The plaintiff] is a sophisticated investor and has sufficient knowledge and
experience in financial and business matters and expertise in assessing credit
risk, is capable of evaluating the merits, risks suitability of entering into
each Transaction and is acting in reliance upon its own judgment or upon
professional advice obtained independently of the Bank as to those merits,
risks and suitability (including, where relevant, legal, financial, tax and
accounting treatment of the Transaction) and is not relying upon the views or
advice of the Bank.

The plaintiff also argued that the defendant owed him various statutory
obligations arising from the FIS and the FAA. However, I am of the view that
other than the undertaking to fulfil certain reporting obligations to MAS on
behalf of the plaintiff, the defendant did not owe any other duty to the
plaintiff. As it was an exempt financial advisor as defined by ss 2(1) and
23(1)(a) of the FAA and an exempt specialised unit serving high net worth
individuals under s 100(2) of the FAA, the defendant did not have to comply
with the obligations that the plaintiff claimed it had breached.

15 While the defendant did not owe any statutory, tortious or fiduciary duties
to the plaintiff, I find that the defendant did owe him a contractual duty of
care, notwithstanding the standard clauses relied upon by the defendant. A
tortious duty of care and a contractual duty of care arise in different ways.
The former stems from proximity between the parties while the latter is
implied by law on public policy grounds. As such, the standard clauses of the
defendant were effective in precluding a tortious duty of care from arising,
but not a contractual duty of care. However, that did not necessarily mean
that the defendant was in breach. The plaintiff did not plead how a breach, if
any, caused his loss. As such, his counsel did not submit on causation or the
remoteness of his loss. I thus find that the plaintiff did not prove all the
essential elements of a claim for damages arising from a breach of a
contractual duty of care. In any event, the reduction in value of the FIS
account was due to market fluctuations affecting the assets in the account.
These assets were transferred on the instructions of the plaintiff or his
authorised signatories. The plaintiff claimed that prior to the commencement
of legal proceedings he did not know about those transactions. He also claimed
that after his account came under the FIS, his authorised signatories no
longer had the authority to make transactions. I do not accept the plaintiff’s
arguments that Baskar and Jayes ceased to be co-signatories when the account
came under the FIS. I find that the defendant executed the specific asset
transactions and swap transactions with the proper authority. For reasons best
known to him, the plaintiff assumed the risk of making his relatives
authorised signatories. He cannot now say that he did not authorise them vis-
à-vis the FIS account. Whether the plaintiff was ignorant of these
transactions is thus irrelevant. It does not detract from the fact that Jayes,
who instructed the defendant on the transactions, was an authorised signatory.
As the plaintiff’s agent, Jayes should have discussed the transactions with
his principal, the plaintiff, whenever the need arose. Instead, Jayes’
evidence was that he did not discuss the transactions with the plaintiff, but
with his father, Baskar, who was only a fellow agent of the plaintiff’s. If it
was indeed the case that Jayes acted without the plaintiff’s knowledge or
instructions, it would have been more appropriate for the plaintiff to sue
Jayes, rather than the defendant.

16 Finally, I would dismiss the plaintiff’s application for an account for two
reasons. First, that remedy would be academic since the plaintiff had to know
that the loss in the value of his FIS account was due to the transactions made
by his authorised signatories and the depreciation of the value of the new
assets in his account. He was likely to have known this in May 2008 when he
changed the mandate for Jayes. At trial, he explained that he did so because
of Spielbichler’s advice that there were numerous transactions being carried
out. I do not accept this explanation. The fact that Spielbichler’s advice led
him to amend the mandate only for Jayes necessarily meant that he had been
told that Jayes was responsible for instructing the defendant to make those
transactions. Second, the defendant had complied with the hold mail
arrangement. For the most part, the defendant had given the correspondence
which the plaintiff sought. However, it was unable to give the plaintiff
documents for certain periods as they were shredded, either automatically
after two years (as clearly stated in the hold mail clause) or pursuant to
instructions given by Jayes. On 20 August 2007, during the operation of the
hold mail arrangement, Jayes collected and authorised the shredding of mail
sent between February 2005 to August 2007. Correspondence between January 2008
and February 2009 were collected by Baskar on 24 February 2009. This fortified
my view that the plaintiff should have pursued Jayes, Baskar or both, and not
the defendant.

17 For the reasons above, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim. I shall hear
submissions on costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

