Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Deldar Tony Singh and another _v_ Rajinder Singh and others  
[2012] SGHCR 13

Case Number| :| Suit No 444 of 2012 (Summons No 3260 of 2012 & Summons No 3643
of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 August 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Colin Seow AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Walter Ferix Justine (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the
plaintiffs; Leng Siew Wei Aloysius and Ooi Jian Yuan (AbrahamLow LLC) for the
second and third defendants.  
Parties| :|  Deldar Tony Singh and another — Rajinder Singh and others  
  
28 August 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Colin Seow AR:

Introduction

1 Before me are two summonses (“SUM 3260” and “SUM 3643”) for the striking out
of the Statement of Claim in Suit 444 of 2012 (“Suit 444”) on the ground that
the plaintiffs have failed to obtain leave of court as required under s 299(2)
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”) before
commencing Suit 444. The applicants in SUM 3260 and SUM 3643 are
(respectively) the third and second defendants in Suit 444. The first
defendant is not involved in these applications before me.

Background of the dispute

2 The plaintiffs and the first defendant were directors and are shareholders
of the second defendant, a company currently in liquidation (hereafter
referred to as “the Company”). The Company was incorporated by the first
defendant on 12 June 2008. On 15 June 2011, the Company was placed under
voluntary winding up pursuant to a special resolution passed at a general
meeting which was convened on the same day. By way of an ordinary resolution
passed in the same meeting, the third defendant (hereafter referred to as “the
Liquidator”) was appointed the liquidator of the Company.

3 On 30 May 2012, the plaintiffs commenced Suit 444 against the first
defendant, joining the Company and the Liquidator as co-defendants. Suit 444
was commenced pursuant to a dispute which arose between the plaintiffs and the
first defendant regarding their respective rightful shareholdings in the
Company. In their Statement of Claim, the plaintiffs alleged, _inter alia_ ,
that the first defendant had in or around June 2010 committed forgery of a
Directors’ Resolution in Writing (“the 78% DRIW”) which resulted in the first
defendant holding 78% of shares in the Company, leaving 11% shares each to the
first and the second plaintiffs. This, the plaintiffs alleged, was contrary to
the terms of a Directors’ Resolution in Writing which the plaintiffs and the
first defendant signed on 8 April 2010 (“the 45% DRIW”). According to the
plaintiffs, the share distribution in the Company under the 45% DRIW would
have been 45%, 35% and 20% between the first defendant, the first plaintiff
and the second plaintiff respectively. In the Statement of Claim, the section
setting out the reliefs sought by the plaintiffs (“the section on reliefs”)
reads as follows:

**AND** the Plaintiffs claim:

1\. against the [first defendant] and [the Company] as follows:

a. a declaration that the 75% DRIW is null and void;

b. a declaration that all resolutions passed by [the Company] from 8 April
2010 to 14 June 2011 are null and void;

c. an order that the 152,000 ordinary shares in [the Company] currently held
in the name of the [first defendant] pursuant to the 78% DRIW, be cancelled
forthwith;

d. an order that [the Company] forthwith issues fresh share certificates
according to the following:

(i) [the first plaintiff]: 55,000 shares;

(ii) [the second plaintiff]: 16,000 shares; and

(iii) [the first defendant]: 81,000 shares

and lodges the changes in shareholding with [the Accounting and Corporate
Regulatory Authority] within fourteen (14) days of the Order to be made
herein, such that the rectified register of members and their respective
shareholding and percentage are as follows:

(i) [the first plaintiff]: 91,001 shares (35%);

(ii) [the second plaintiff]: 52,001 shares (20%);

(iii) [the first defendant]: 117,001 shares (45%);

e. costs; and

f. such further and/or other relief as the Court shall deem fit;

2\. against [the first defendant, the Company and the Liquidator] as follows:

a. a declaration that the following special and ordinary resolutions,
purportedly passed at a general meeting of the members of [the Company] on 15
June 2011, are null and void:

(i) the special resolution for [the Company] to be wound up voluntarily
pursuant to Section 290(1)(b) of the Companies Act; and

(ii) the ordinary resolution appointing [the Liquidator] as the liquidator of
[the Company] for the purpose of the winding up;

b. costs; and

c. any further relief as the Court may deem fit.

Parties’ submissions

4 Counsel for the Company and the Liquidator, Mr Walter Ferix (“Mr Ferix”),
submitted that the Statement of Claim should, insofar as the Company and the
Liquidator are concerned, be struck out because the plaintiffs failed to
obtain leave of court to commence Suit 444 against the Company and the
Liquidator. In his written submissions,[note: 1] Mr Ferix cited ss 247, 248
and 299(2) of the Companies Act as the bases for his contention:

12.It is trite that a party is required to obtain Leave of Court before
commencing proceedings against a company in the process of winding up.

**See Section 247 read with Section 248 of the Companies Act (Cap. 50)**

**Modes of winding up**

**247.** The winding up of company may be either –

(_a_) by the Court; or

(_b_) voluntary.

…

**Application of this Division**

**248.** Unless inconsistent with the context of subject-matter, the
provisions of this Act with respect to winding up shall apply to the winding
up of a company in either of those modes.

...

**Alternatively see Section 299(2) of the Companies Act (Cap. 50)**

**Property and proceedings**

**299.** – (2) After the commencement of the winding up no action or
proceeding shall be proceeded with or commenced against the company except by
leave of the Court and subject to such terms as the Court imposes.

[bold in original]

5 That Suit 444 was commenced against the Company and the Liquidator without
leave of court was not disputed by the plaintiffs. However, counsel for the
plaintiffs, Mr Aloysius Leng (“Mr Leng”), argues that no leave of court was
required for the plaintiffs to commence Suit 444 against the Company and the
Liquidator. The thrust of Mr Leng’s argument is that leave is only required
where (in the case of a company) a party seeks to commence legal proceedings
as a _creditor_ against the assets of the company in liquidation, or (in the
case of a liquidator) a party seeks to take legal action against a liquidator
in respect of matters related to the _liquidator’s administration of company
affairs_ or otherwise related to the _liquidator’s conduct as the company’s
liquidator_. Referring to the Statement of Claim (in particular, the section
on reliefs (see [3] above)), Mr Leng points out that none of these scenarios
is present in Suit 444. Accordingly, Mr Leng argues that no leave was required
in the present case.

6 For the record, Mr Leng also argues that the Company and the Liquidator were
named as co-defendants in Suit 444 because they are necessary parties to the
action, explaining that “[i]f the 2nd and 3rd Defendants were not parties to
this Suit 444, they would not be bound by the Court’s findings in this Suit
against the 1st Defendant, which would be a breach of natural justice”.[note:
2] However, this argument is of no relevance to the present proceeding because
the issue before me is whether leave of court was required to be obtained
before Suit 444 was commenced against the Company and the Liquidator, and not
whether leave of court should be granted for Suit 444 to be commenced against
the Company and the Liquidator.

The decision

The action against the Company

Materiality of whether the Company is under a creditors’ or members’ voluntary
winding up

7 Before I embark on my analysis, I shall briefly state what are the key
differences between a creditors’ voluntary winding up and a members’ voluntary
winding up. As will be seen later, it is material for the purposes of the
applications before me whether the Company is under a creditors’ or a members’
voluntary winding up.

8 Under s 4(1) of the Companies Act, creditors’ voluntary winding up is
defined as “a winding up under Division 3 of Part X [of the Companies Act],
other than a members’ voluntary winding up”. Members’ voluntary winding up is
defined under the same provision as “a winding up under Division 3 of Part X
[of the Companies Act], where a declaration has been made and lodged in
pursuance of section 293”. The said declaration refers to the declaration of
solvency which is required to be made in a members’ voluntary winding up under
s 293 of the Companies Act:

293.–(1) Where it is proposed to wind up a company voluntarily, the directors
of the company, or in the case of a company having more than 2 directors, the
majority of the directors shall, in the case of a members’ voluntary winding
up before the date on which the notices of the meeting at which the resolution
for the winding up of the company is to be proposed are sent out, make a
declaration to the effect that they have made an inquiry into the affairs of
the company, and that, at a meeting of directors, have formed the opinion that
the company will be able to pay its debts in full within a period not
exceeding 12 months after the commencement of the winding up.

…

9 The upshot is that a voluntary winding up proceeds as a members’ voluntary
winding up only when a declaration of solvency has been made in accordance
with s 293 of the Companies Act; otherwise the winding up would proceed as a
creditors’ voluntary winding up (see _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng
Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Rev 3rd Ed, 2009) at para 17.111).

10 As can be gleaned from the submissions, Mr Ferix’s case for the striking
out of the Statement of Claim lies in s 299(2) of the Companies Act (see [4]
above). To recap, s 299(2) of the Companies Act provides:

299.– (2) After the commencement of the winding up no action or proceeding
shall be proceeded with or commenced against the company except by leave of
the Court and subject to such terms as the Court imposes.

11 Section 299(2) falls under Division 3 of Part X in the Companies Act which
deals with matters pertaining to voluntary winding up of companies. Division 3
is further divided into four subdivisions, each bearing its own heading. The
heading for Subdivision 3 – the subdivision where s 299 of the Companies Act
appears – reads, “ _Subdivision (3) – Provisions applicable only to_
__creditors’ voluntary winding up__ ” (emphasis added in underline; italics in
original).

12 It is therefore clear to me, on a plain reading of the Companies Act, that
s 299(2) of the Companies Act applies only to a particular type of voluntary
winding up, _viz_. a _creditors’_ voluntary winding up, and I am not aware of
any local case authority disagreeing with this position. In fact, I should
mention that there was a decision rendered by an Assistant Registrar (“AR”)
which supports the conclusion I just made. In _Eversendai Engineering Pte Ltd
v Synergy Construction Pte Ltd (Ministry of Education, Third Party)_ [2004]
SGHC 129 (“ _Eversendai v Synergy_ ”), Eversendai Engineering Pte Ltd, the
judgment creditor, applied for an attachment order _nisi_ to be made absolute
against the Ministry of Education from whom certain monies were due to the
judgment debtor, Synergy Construction Pte Ltd (“Synergy”), a company placed
under a voluntary winding up. Before the learned AR, an issue arose as to
whether Synergy was under a members’ or a creditors’ voluntary winding up. In
finding that Synergy was under a creditors’ voluntary winding up, the learned
AR made the following observation (see _Eversendai v Synergy_ at [32]-[33]):

32 … Synergy is clearly being wound up under a creditors’ voluntary winding-
up.

33 Given this, s 299 [of the Companies Act] would apply (_as it applies only
to creditors’ voluntary winding-up_). …

[emphasis added]

13 In the same regard, it is also helpful to refer to local commentary on s
299 of the Companies Act for guidance. In _Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes of
Singapore: Companies and Securities_ vol 1 (Butterworths Asia, 1997) at p 807
(“ _Butterworths’_ vol 1”), Professor Walter Woon wrote:

… Section 299(1) avoids enforcement after commencement of creditors’ voluntary
winding up in the same terms as s 260, which applies in winding up by the
court. By s 258 in winding up by the court an application for stay of
proceedings may be made in the period between presentation and the making of
the winding-up order. By s 262(3) actions are stayed on commencement. With a
creditors’ voluntary winding up, after commencement there is, in similar
terms, an automatic stay on proceedings unless the court gives leave: s 299.
The purpose of these provisions is to ensure that no one creditor is able to
gain an undue advantage by obtaining discharge of his debts in full. A primary
principle of insolvency law is that ordinary creditors should be paid off out
of the remaining assets equally in proportion to their debts. _Since in
members’ voluntary winding up, creditors should be paid off in full, the issue
does not arise and so there is no statutory stay of proceedings or
enforcement_. … [emphasis added]

14 At this juncture, I should mention that the position taken by the AR in
_Eversendai v Synergy_ and Professor Walter Woon in _Butterworths’_ vol 1 is
consistent with that adopted in Australia where its company law regime is in
many ways similar to ours. In _Acton Engineering Pty Limited v Campbell and
Others_ (1991) 103 ALR 437, the Federal Court of Australia held at 450-1
(_per_ Lockhart J):

Although this case is concerned with a compulsory winding up, the Corporations
Law provides, as did its legislative predecessors, for creditors' and members’
voluntary windings up. Section 500(2) of the Corporations Law [which was
similarly worded as s 299(2) of the Companies Act in Singapore] provides that,
after the commencement of a creditors' voluntary winding up of a company, no
action or other civil proceedings shall be proceeded with or commenced against
the company except by leave of the court and subject to such terms as the
court imposes. There is no comparable provision in the case of members’
voluntary windings up, doubtless because they are presumed to be in respect of
solvent companies and the winding up is under the control of its members and
the liquidator whom they appoint. … [emphasis added]

15 Similarly, in an earlier case of _Ogilvie-Grant & Anor v East liquidator of
Gordon Grant and Grant Pty Ltd_ (1983) 7 ACLR 669 (“ _Ogilvie-Grant v East_
”), the Supreme Court of Queensland, while addressing s 230 of the Companies
Act 1961 (Qld) (which applied to companies in insolvent winding up
situations), made the following observation in respect of companies placed
under members’ voluntary winding up (at 672) (_per_ McPherson J):

… without the relevant restriction [_ie_ , the prohibition under s 230 of the
Companies Act 1961 (Qld) against the commencing of an action or other
proceeding against a company once a winding up order is made], a company in
liquidation would be subjected to a multiplicity of actions which would be
both expensive and time-consuming, as well in some cases as unnecessary. This
explanation has been accepted in a number of Canadian cases and appears also
to have been adopted by Street J in _Re A J Benjamin Ltd_ (1969) 90 WN (NSW)
107, 109. _It is consistent with this that there should be no automatic
prohibition upon proceedings against a company in members’ voluntary winding
up, where the company is solvent and therefore less likely to be the target of
numerous actions_. [emphasis added]

This particular holding in _Ogilvie-Grant v East_ has been cited with approval
in relatively more recent cases in Australia (see _eg_ , _O D Transport
(Australia) Pty Ltd (In Liquidation) and Others v O D Transport Pty Ltd and
Others_ (1997) 80 FCR 290 at 293).

16 I shall further add that the position taken in _Eversendai v Synergy_ and
_Butterworths’_ vol 1 does not contradict the rationale behind s 299(2) of the
Companies Act which has been explained in _Korea Asset Management Corp v
Daewoo Singapore Pte Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 671 (“ _Korea Asset
Management Corp_ ”) at [36] (_per_ V K Rajah JC (as he then was)) and which
was recently reiterated in _LaserResearch (S) Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v
Internech Systems Pte Ltd and another matter_ [2011] 1 SLR 382 (“
_LaserResearch (S) Pte Ltd_ ”) at [11]-[12] (_per_ Belinda Ang J):

11 … The rationale of s 299(2) and the statutory ring fencing regime that
arises upon winding up (which also applies with equal force to a bankruptcy)
has been considered in [_Korea Asset Management Corp_ at [36]]:

… it is to prevent the company from being further burdened by expenses
incurred in defending unnecessary litigation. The main focus of a company and
its liquidators once winding up has commenced should be to prevent the
fragmentation of its assets and to ensure that the interests of its creditors
are protected to the fullest extent. In other words, returns to legitimate
creditors should be maximised; the process of collecting assets and returning
them to legitimate creditors should be attended to with all practicable speed.
Unnecessary costs should not be incurred; liquidators should act in the
collective interests of all legitimate stakeholders and not with a view to
enhancing their own self-interests or fees.

12 In other words (see _Woon’s Corporations Law_ (LexisNexis, Looseleaf Ed,
1994, Issue 34 (March 2010 release) at Ch O para 3753):

The purpose of s 299(2) … is to preserve the limited assets of the company in
the best way for distribution among all the persons who have claims upon them.
As the fund is limited, it ought not to be diminished because of costs
incurred due to actions against the company … The policy in winding up is that
all claims should generally be disposed of by the cheap summary procedure of
proving a debt in the winding up rather than by dissipating the assets in a
multiplicity of suits.

17 The first and foremost reason is, as explained above at [11]-[15], s 299 of
the Companies Act does not apply to a members’ voluntary winding up.
Furthermore, the High Court’s observations in _Korea Asset Management Corp_
and _LaserResearch (S) Pte Ltd_ were made in the context where the companies
in question were placed or purportedly placed under a _creditors’_ voluntary
winding up. In this regard, it is worth noting that in _LaserResearch (S) Pte
Ltd_ , the High Court expressly stated at [15] that “the purpose of s 299(2)
is the preservation of an _insolvent_ company’s assets” (emphasis added). To
take the analysis even further, given that a members’ voluntary winding up
must necessarily entail a declaration of solvency (see [8]-[9] above) – a
declaration which, until the contrary is proven, establishes a presumption
that all the company’s debts would be paid in full – there is in principle no
real concern regarding the distribution of company assets _pari_ _passu_ among
the creditors of a company which has been placed under a members’ voluntary
winding up (see _Gerard v Worth of Paris, Ltd_ [1936] 2 All ER 905 at 905 and
910). As such, the mischief at which s 299(2) of the Companies Act is targeted
does not in principle even arise in a members’ voluntary winding up.

18 Having regard to the analysis above, it is therefore clear that s 299(2) of
the Companies Act applies only to a creditors’ voluntary winding up. In other
words, the requirement of leave of court under s 299(2) of the Companies Act
does not apply to a members’ voluntary winding up.

Is the Company under a creditors’ or members’ voluntary winding up?

19 The question that needs to be answered in the light of my analysis above is
thus whether the Company in the present case is under a creditors’ voluntary
winding up or a members’ voluntary winding up.

20 Having perused the affidavit evidence placed before me, I am satisfied that
the Company was, at the time Suit 444 was commenced, under a creditors’
voluntary winding up because no declaration of solvency under s 293 of the
Companies Act was known to have been made in respect of the Company; none of
the parties was able to produce any such declaration in the hearing before me.
This by itself is sufficient to establish that the winding up of the Company
at the material time was (and still continues to be so today) in the nature of
a creditors’ voluntary winding up (see [8]-[9] above).

21 Accordingly, I find that leave of court under s 299(2) of the Companies Act
was required before Suit 444 could properly be commenced against the Company.

The action against the Liquidator

22 I now move on to deal with the action against the Liquidator. There is no
statutory requirement for leave to be obtained before an action or legal
proceeding may be commenced against a liquidator. However, it has been held in
_Excalibur Group Pte Ltd v Goh Boon Kok_ [2012] 2 SLR 999 (“ _Excalibur Group
Pte Ltd_ ”) that such a requirement exists in common law. In _Excalibur Group
Pte Ltd_ , the High Court, after reviewing the laws of Australia, Canada,
England and Malaysia, held at [28] (_per_ Quentin Loh J):

28 … the Australian and Malaysian positions [that leave is required] should be
followed in Singapore. A common law requirement for leave will promote the
desirable objective of ensuring that the winding-up process is conducted
efficiently and expeditiously in the interest of all stakeholders. The
observations of V K Rajah JC, (as he then was), in [_Korea Asset Management
Corp_ at [36]] in the context of the strictures imposed upon the commencement
of proceedings against a company once winding-up proceedings have been
instituted are useful in this regard… This rationale applies equally to claims
against a liquidator. A requirement for leave would ensure that frivolous
claims are weeded out at the outset. This would avoid unnecessary and
expensive legal proceedings.

On the facts of _Excalibur Group Pte Ltd_ , the High Court found that leave
was required for the action to be brought against the liquidator in that case.
The High Court held (at [29]):

29 … the underlying reason for why liquidators are viewed as requiring the
court’s protection [_ie_ , to require leave of court to be obtained before an
action may be commenced against a liquidator] is that they play a central role
in administering the winding-up process. They should be protected against
unmeritorious, frivolous or vexatious legal proceedings which will cause
delays and incur additional expense to the general body of creditors.

23 The liquidator involved in _Excalibur Group Pte Ltd_ was a liquidator in a
company which had been placed under a compulsory winding up. The question is
therefore whether the holding in _Excalibur Group Pte Ltd_ should similarly
apply in cases like the present one which concerns a liquidator who has been
appointed pursuant to a creditors’ voluntary winding up. I am of the view that
_Excalibur Group Pte Ltd_ applies because, just as in a compulsory winding up
situation, creditors’ interest in the preservation and _pari_ _passu_
distribution of company assets is a live primary concern in a creditors’
voluntary winding up. Moreover, it is not without significance for present
purposes that the High Court had relied on the reasoning in _Korea Asset
Management Corp_ in arriving at its decision in _Excalibur Group Pte Ltd_ (see
_Excalibur Group Pte Ltd_ at [28]). As mentioned earlier, _Korea Asset
Management Corp_ was a case involving creditors’ voluntary winding up (see
[17] above).

24 For completeness, I shall take this opportunity to further state the
position which ought to taken in respect of actions or proceedings sought to
be brought against liquidators in companies which have been placed under a
_members’_ voluntary winding up. In my opinion, the holding in _Excalibur_
_Group Pte Ltd_ is incapable of substantiating any notion that leave of court
should be required before an action or proceeding may be commenced against
such liquidators. As alluded to earlier, the decision in _Excalibur Group Pte
Ltd_ was borne out by considerations pertinent to creditors’ interest in the
preservation and _pari_ _passu_ distribution of company assets (see _Excalibur
Group Pte Ltd_ at [29], quoted in [22] above). Such considerations do not play
a significant role in a members’ voluntary winding up, if at all. This is
because, unlike in a compulsory winding up (or for that matter, a creditors’
voluntary winding up as well), in a members’ voluntary winding up a
declaration of solvency is made under s 293 of the Companies Act which
establishes a presumption that all the company’s debts would be paid in full
(see [17] above; see also Michael Murray and Jason Harris, _Keay’s Insolvency:
Personal and Corporate Law and Practice_ (Thomson Reuters, 7th Ed, 2011) at
paras 11.05, 11.10 and 11.15).

25 _Apropos_ , the Australian and Malaysian decisions which the High Court
followed in _Excalibur Group Pte Ltd_ (see [22] above) were also decisions
borne out of factual matrices involving court-appointed liquidators in
compulsory liquidations (see _eg_ , _Armitage v Gainsborough Properties Pty
Ltd & Anor_ [2011] VSC 419 at [2]; _Baxter & Ors v Hamilton_ [2005] TASSC 64
at [5]; _Mamone and 1 Ors v Pantzer_ [2001] NSWSC 26 at [3]; _See Teow Guan &
Ors v Kian Joo Holdings Sdn __Bhd & Ors_ [2010] 1 MLJ 547 at [2]; _Abric
Project Management Sdn_ _Bhd v Palmshine_ _Palza_ _Sdn_ _Bhd & Anor_ [2007] 3
MLJ 571 at [4]-[5]; _Chin Cheen_ _Foh v Ong Tee Chew_ [2003] 3 MLJ 57 at 57;
_Chi Liung Holdings Sdn_ _Bhd v Ng Pyak_ _Yeow_ [1995] 3 MLJ 204 at 204-5). To
my knowledge, there has been at least one instance in which the Australian
court has considered and dismissed the argument that no proceeding may be
commenced against a liquidator in a members’ voluntary winding up without
leave of court. In _Sullivan v Energy Services International Pty Ltd (in liq)_
(2002) 171 FLR 106, for example, the Supreme Court of New South Wales held at
[19] (_per_ Young CJ in Equity):

19 [Counsel] submit that no proceedings can be brought against any liquidator,
including a liquidator in a members’ voluntary winding up, without leave of
the Court which the Court has not yet given. They recognise that the
authorities only go so far as to say that this applies to a court appointed
liquidator, but cite A Keay, _McPherson on the Law of Company Liquidation_ ,
4thed (1999) at 287-288. _The submission is one which cannot be accepted_. The
reason why one cannot sue a court appointed liquidator is as McLelland J
pointed out in _Re Siromath Pty Ltd [No 3]_ (1991) 25 NSWLR 25 at 28, based on
the decision of Lord Brougham LC in _Aston v Heron_ (1934) 2 MY & K 390 at
396-397; 39 ER 993 at 995, that the position of a court appointed liquidator
is the position of the court and no-one can disturb it but through an
application to the court. _Even if this point were of some merit, the Court
would almost certainly grant leave to sue_ … [emphasis added]

This lends further support to my view that leave of court is not required
before an action or proceeding may properly be commenced against a liquidator
in a _members’_ voluntary winding up.

26 In summary, I hold that leave of court must be obtained if an action or
proceeding is sought to be commenced against a liquidator in a creditors’
voluntary winding up, but not a liquidator in a members’ voluntary winding up.
Given that the Liquidator in the present case is a liquidator in a creditors’
voluntary winding up (see [20] above), I find that leave of court was required
to be obtained by the plaintiffs before commencing Suit 444 against the
Liquidator.

Conclusion

27 Given my analysis above, and given that the plaintiffs have failed to
obtain leave of court before commencing Suit 444 against the second and the
third defendants (_ie_ , the Company and the Liquidator respectively), I find
that the case for the striking out of the Statement of Claim in Suit 444 is
made out. Accordingly, the applications in SUM 3260 and SUM 3643 are granted,
and the Statement of Claim in Suit 444 is hereby ordered to be struck out in
favour of the second and the third defendants. I will hear parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]2nd Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions (2 August 2012), p 4.

[note: 2]Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions (1 August 2012), p 8.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Aug 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

