Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  A/S Dan-Bunkering Ltd _v_ Tan Chee Hiong Alan  
[2012] SGHC 145

Case Number| :| Suit No 413 of 2012 (Summons No 2110 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 July 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Danny Ong Tun Wei and Lau Kah Hee (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
the plaintiff; Joy Tan, Yuwen Teo-McDonnell and Sim Mei Ling (WongPartnership
LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  A/S Dan-Bunkering Ltd — Tan Chee Hiong Alan  
  
18 July 2012|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The defendant was employed as a marketing executive by the plaintiff on 2
January 2006. He was subsequently appointed a “Bunkering Executive” on 1 May
2009 in the plaintiff’s Shanghai office. The plaintiff is a bunker trading
company from Denmark and has related businesses such as the transport of
bunker supplies. According to its counsel Mr Danny Ong (“Mr Ong”), there are
“two giants in the bunker trading industry, the [p]laintiff and Chemoil.” The
defendant became, as Mr Ong described, “a top performer in the industry” and
he signed a contract with the plaintiff on 19 June 2009 in which he agreed,
among other terms, that he would not join a competing business or solicit
customers and business associates of the plaintiff for one year should he
cease to be employed by the plaintiff (“the restrictive covenant clause”). The
defendant tried to re-negotiate that term down to six months but was
unsuccessful. He resigned on 6 February 2012 and was placed on “garden leave”
until his last day of work, calculated to be 31 March 2012. By the restrictive
covenant clause, the defendant would only be able to join a competitor on 1
April 2013. He informed the plaintiff that he had signed a contract with
Chemoil and would start work after March 2012. On 30 March 2012, the plaintiff
obtained an _ex parte_ injunction from Steven Chong J prohibiting the
defendant from so doing. The defendant applied to discharge that injunction
before me on 8 June 2012. I gave leave to file reply submissions by 15 June
2012. On 6 July 2012, I allowed the defendant’s application and set aside the
_ex parte_ injunction. Mr Ong applied for leave to appeal and I dismissed his
application for leave.

2 Mr Ong submitted that the defendant was an important employee who was paid
about $200,000 a year. He was also in possession of sensitive corporate
information, namely the contact information of clients and business associates
of the plaintiff. He was a “rising star” in the plaintiff’s Shanghai office
and was the relationship manager for 81 customers of which three dealt
exclusively for the plaintiff and not any of the plaintiff’s competitors, and
seven of the 81 were key customers in terms of revenue. 56 of these accounts
were “developed” by the defendant for the plaintiff. The defendant was said to
have possession of confidential information including the plaintiff’s
“Critical & Observation List” which purportedly contained confidential
information about the plaintiff’s customers. Citing irreparable damage to the
plaintiff if the injunction was discharged, and the plaintiff’s ability to pay
damages to the defendant on the other hand, Mr Ong urged this court to
maintain the injunction against the defendant. It is easy to claim irreparable
harm and applicants almost invariably do so. In this case, the plaintiff may
lose some business to Chemoil but that in my view is not irreparable harm. If
it were, injunctions will become the norm and not the exception. We sometimes
forget that injunctions before trial are meant to be granted sparingly, with
caution and on strong grounds.

3 Mr Ong also argued that if the injunction was discharged then the trial
would be pointless. This was an ironic claim in that it would be the
injunction that would have rendered the trial pointless. All that the
plaintiff wanted in this action was to stop the defendant from working for
Chemoil until 1 April 2013. If the injunction was not discharged by the time
the trial begins the plaintiff would have exacted what it had wanted in this
suit. Whereas, if the defendant was found to be in breach of contract, the
plaintiff would still have to prove that the breach resulted in loss and
damage to it. I agree with Mr Ong that the assessment of damages in a case
like this may not be easy, but that was not a sufficient reason in itself.
Difficulty alone is no hindrance. It is only one of the factors to be
considered in the balancing of convenience. In that exercise, the court will
as far as possible lean in favour of ensuring that a promise is kept. A breach
of a commercial promise, however, can have unclear edges which blurs not only
one’s legal rights but also his moral gaze. Clear vision usually returns only
after all the evidence and full arguments have been presented to the court.
Thus its judgment on breach and its consequences is best left to trial.

4 Further, counsel for the defendant, Miss Joy Tan (“Miss Tan”) argued that
the restrictive clause does not apply as strictly and narrowly as the
plaintiff had contended. Although Mr Ong disagreed, I am of the view that this
issue is best settled at trial. This application was only an interlocutory
application. If the plaintiff had intended to have the matter determined
finally it ought to have applied for a trial on a preliminary issue but it did
not. For the reasons above I discharged the interlocutory injunction.

5 Mr Ong then applied for leave to appeal. He submitted that there is a great
interest in the industry for a ruling on the law and it thus would benefit
from the pronouncement from the Court of Appeal. Miss Tan submitted that there
was no new general principle that required consideration. I agree with Miss
Tan. Sometimes great drama might be produced from a limited script – but this
was not such a case. I exercised my discretion on the specific facts of this
case. It does not follow, of course, that every such application, even from
parties in the same industry, will have the same result at the interlocutory
stage. The principles of law are the same as in any application for any
interlocutory injunction and much also depends on the facts. The plaintiff is
at liberty to raise any general principle of law at the trial or before the
Court of Appeal. Leave was accordingly refused.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Jul 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

