Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan & Au LLP _v_ Goh Teh Lee  
[2012] SGHC 130

Case Number| :| Suit No 606 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Christopher Anand Daniel and Ganga Avadiar (Advocatus Law
LLP) for the plaintiff; The defendant in person.  
Parties| :|  Tan & Au LLP — Goh Teh Lee  
  
25 June 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This action started in the Subordinate Courts as a claim by a firm of
solicitors against a former client for payment of their fees. The defendant
resisted the claim vigorously and mounted a counterclaim for damages, both
against the firm and one of its partners, on the basis that as a result of the
negligent handling of his case, he had sustained loss. The action was
subsequently transferred to the High Court.

2 The plaintiff in the original action is Tan & Au LLP (“the firm”), a firm of
solicitors in which the partners are Tan Beng Hui Carolyn (“Ms Tan”) and Tony
Au Thye Chuen (“Mr Au”) who are also husband and wife. The defendant in the
original action and the plaintiff in the counterclaim is Goh Teh Lee (“Mr
Goh”) who was the firm’s client between about June 2007 and March 2009.

3 The firm’s claim is for the sum of $27,203.66 being fees and disbursements
payable under two invoices rendered on 25 November 2008 and 23 March 2009 and
includes a sum of interest claimed against the firm by Merill Legal Solutions.

4 Mr Goh’s claim is for losses suffered by reason of professional negligence
on the part the firm, in particular, Ms Tan. Mr Goh has quantified his loss as
being the sum of $200,000 which he asserted that he would have accepted in
settlement of his claim had he been correctly been advised and for further
sums incurred as legal costs and disbursements which he would not have
incurred had it not been for the wrong advice he was given. It bears mention
that at all material times during these proceedings, Mr Goh acted in person.

Background

5 In June 2007, Mr Goh and his ex-wife, Mdm Sng Siok Ching (“Mdm Sng”), were
the co-owners under a joint tenancy of the property known as unit 136D Koon
Seng House (“the unit”).

6 The unit was one of the 24 apartment units comprising Koon Seng House, a 4
storey block of flats, which was built on one piece of freehold land which
also contained nine terrace houses (Koon Seng House and the terrace houses are
hereafter collectively called “the development”). The flats were not strata
subdivided but were comprised in 999,999 year leases with no share in the
land. The nine terrace houses were owned by the landowner. This statement of
facts is taken from the judgment of Andrew Ang J in _Goh Teh Lee v Lim Li
Pheng Maria and others_ [2010] 1 SLR 1041 (“ _Goh Teh Lee HC_ ”) which also
contains in [4] thereof a history of how the development came about.

7 Most of the apartment owners were keen on achieving a collective sale of the
development. The landowner was also in favour of the sale. By late June 2007
when Mr Goh first approached the firm to act for him, the only persons
opposing the collective sale were Mr Goh and the owners of apartments 134A,
134H and 136H. Mdm Sng had moved out of the unit some time previously and she
had agreed to the collective sale.

8 Mr Goh asked Ms Tan to give him legal advice on the actions and steps taken
by the sale committee formed by some of the owners in the development to
achieve a collective sale of the development.

9 On 16 April 2008, the sale committee applied to the Strata Titles Board
(“the Board”) for an order allowing them to proceed with the sale. This
application, STB 33 of 2008 (“STB 33”), was required because not all the
owners of the development had agreed to the sale. On 24 April 2008, the firm
acting on behalf of Mr Goh filed written objections to the collective sale
(“the Objections”) before the Board.

10 Prior to the hearing of STB 33, two mediation sessions were held. The first
mediation session was held on 28 May 2008. Present were Mr Goh and both
partners of the firm as well as the members of the tribunal appointed by the
Board to hear STB 33. At that time, there were two other dissenting owners, Mr
and Mrs Han, and they and their lawyer were also present at the first
mediation session.

11 In May 2008, the owners of each apartment in the development stood to
receive a sum of about $642,000 for that apartment if the collective sale was
completed. As an incentive to Mr Goh and the Hans and with the consent of the
proposed purchaser of the development, Mr Leong Kwok Yan (“Mr Leong”), the
solicitor representing the majority owners, offered Mr Goh and the Hans
$800,000 for their respective apartments if they were to withdraw their
objections to the collective sale. Subsequently, Mr Leong wrote to Mdm Sng’s
lawyers in the divorce proceedings making an offer of $200,000 above the
original price for the unit. This offer was conveyed to the firm as well on 5
June 2008.

12 Mdm Sng found the offer acceptable and signed the collective sale agreement
but no reply was received from Mr Goh or the firm on his behalf. When the
tribunal was informed of this non acceptance, it proceeded to give directions
for the hearing.

13 Mr Goh’s Objections were heard by the tribunal on 3 and 4 December 2008. By
that time, he was the sole dissenting owner. Ms Tan represented him before the
tribunal. The result of the hearing was in favour of the sale committee and
the tribunal ordered the collective sale to proceed.

14 Mr Goh then instructed the firm to appeal the decision in STB 33. On 29
December 2008, the firm filed an originating summons (OS 1627 of 2008) (“OS
1627”) in the High Court for the setting aside of the order made by the Board.

15 Thereafter, the firm requested Mr Goh to place it in funds to continue
representing him in OS 1627 and to pay the outstanding bills. No payment was
received from Mr Goh. On 22 January 2009, the firm informed Mr Goh that if he
failed to pay its outstanding bills, it would have no choice but to discharge
itself from further conduct of the matter. In the same letter, it also asked
Mr Goh for further funds if he wanted to retain the firm as his solicitors for
the conduct of OS 1627.

16 On 4 March 2009, Mr Goh filed a Notice of Intention to Act in Person in OS
1627. He duly represented himself at the hearing of OS 1627 before Andrew Ang
J between July and October 2009. On 27 October 2009, Andrew Ang J provided his
written grounds dismissing Mr Goh’s appeal. The reasons for his decision are
set out in _Goh Teh Lee HC_. Mr Goh was not happy with this outcome and filed
an appeal to the Court of Appeal. Again, he acted in person. The Court of
Appeal’s written grounds for dismissing his appeal were released on 26 April
2010. The judgment of the Court of Appeal is reported at _Goh Teh Lee v Lim Li
Pheng Maria and others_ [2010] 3 SLR 364 (“ _Goh Teh Lee CA_ ”).

These proceedings

17 This action was commenced by the firm on 22 May 2009 in the Subordinate
Courts as MC Suit 15426/2009. Mr Goh filed his defence and counterclaim on 3
August 2009. In August 2010, pursuant to an application made by Mr Goh, the
action was transferred to this court. Subsequently, Mr Goh made an application
to join Ms Tan as the second defendant to his counterclaim. This application
was allowed and from 29 November 2010, Mr Goh’s counterclaim has been against
the firm as the first defendant and against Ms Tan as the second defendant.
The reliefs sought are, however, the same.

18 The statement of claim filed by the firm is short and straightforward. The
amount claimed is $27,203.66 as being the outstanding total sum payable by Mr
Goh for professional services rendered to him and expenses incurred by the law
firm as Mr Goh’s solicitors for and on his behalf and/or at his request
including services rendered by Merill Legal Solutions for the audio
transcription of the hearing before the Board.

19 By his Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) filed on 2 June 2010, Mr
Goh denied he was liable to pay the sums claimed. He asserted the following:

(a) He had not engaged the firm to act for him in STB 33 or in OS 1627.

(b) The firm had voluntarily acted for him on the mutual understanding that
they would win STB 33 and 70% of their professional fees would be paid from
the costs which would be awarded to him.

(c) The firm had not quoted its professional fees to Mr Goh for representing
him in relation to STB 33 prior to filing his objection to the collective
sale.

(d) The firm had not quoted its professional fees to Mr Goh for representing
him in the High Court prior to filing OS 1627.

20 As an alternative to his assertions that the firm had acted without
instructions, Mr Goh averred that the firm was negligent in discharging its
duties to him and/or had failed to properly advise him. The following
particulars of negligence/failure to provide proper advice were given:

(a) The firm had never pointed out to Mr Goh and had not advised him that he
had no right or _locus standi_ to file objections to the collective sale. The
firm should have advised him that as a joint tenant of his property, Mr Goh
could only raise and file objections with the participation of the other joint
tenant. The other joint tenant was his estranged wife who had already signed
the collective sale agreement therefore making any objection impossible. In
the event, the Court of Appeal ruled as a preliminary point that Mr Goh had no
right or _locus_ to file any objection because all the joint tenants of a
property had to act together to object to the en bloc sale. The fact that
joint tenants had to act together in a cause of action concerning the property
of which they were joint tenants was an established principle of law.

(b) Mr Goh had raised and filed the Objections and proceeded all the way to
the Court of Appeal because Ms Tan had advised him that he had a good case.
However, both the High Court and the Court of Appeal subsequently said that Mr
Goh’s case had no merits.

21 Mr Goh gave the following particulars of loss and damage that he had
sustained by reason of the firm’s negligence/failure to give proper advice:

(a) If he had been properly advised that he had no _locus_ to object to the
collective sale and/or that his case was weak, Mr Goh would have been able to
make a properly informed decision whether to proceed before the Board, the
High Court and the Court of Appeal.

(b) The work done by the firm in preparing and filing the Objections was
unnecessary and unjustified and was done for a case that was hopeless from the
start and therefore the firm should not be entitled to claim any fees for work
done.

(c) Mr Goh had incurred unnecessary disbursements and expenses including stamp
fees for which he was entitled to be indemnified by the firm.

(d) As a result of his not being properly advised, Mr Goh had turned down an
offer by the purchasers in collective sale for pay him an additional $200,000
as an incentive to sign the collective sale agreement. If Mr Goh had known of
his problems over _locus_ and/or the weakness of his case, he would have
accepted the money.

22 Mr Goh then put in a counterclaim. He claimed an indemnity from the firm
against payment of all unnecessary disbursements and expenses and payment of
the sum of $200,000.

23 The Defence quoted above was the defence to the original action by the
firm. Subsequently, Mr Goh put in a separate Counterclaim against Ms Tan. The
issues raised by the Counterclaim are in essence the same as those raised by
the Defence and the claim made is also similar so I will not set out the
allegations in the Counterclaim in detail.

24 At the trial of the action before me, three witnesses appeared for the firm
namely, Ms Tan and Mr Au and Mr Leong. Mr Goh was the only witness for the
defence.

Issues

25 The issues arising in this case may be considered under three heads:

(a) In relation to the firm’s claim, what were the terms on which the firm was
engaged to act for Mr Goh?

(b) In relation to Mr Goh’s defence and counterclaim:

(i) Were the firm and Ms Tan negligent in the discharge of their duties to him
because they never pointed out to him that he had no _locus standi_ to file
objections to the collective sale; and

(ii) Did the firm and Ms Tan act to the standard of a reasonably competent and
diligent advocate and solicitor in advising Mr Goh on the merits of his
objections to the collective sale?

(c) In the event Mr Goh has no valid defence and counterclaim, is the firm
entitled to the full amount claimed?

Was the firm instructed and authorised to act for Mr Goh in the conduct of STB
33?

26 This issue arises from Mr Goh’s denial in his Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No 1) that he engaged or authorised the firm to act for him in the
collective sale of the development and in OS 1627. The further elaboration of
this point as set out in the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) has
been set out in [19] above.

27 In his closing submissions, Mr Goh did not deal with these points at all.
Further, since the firm obviously acted for him before the Board and in filing
OS 1627 and Mr Goh’s main complaint is that it and Ms Tan acted negligently in
the course of so doing, it would seem that these complaints are baseless.
However, since Mr Goh was not represented, it would probably be useful to
consider whether he was able to substantiate any part of his pleadings on this
point in the course of the trial.

28 From the averments in paras 2, 3, 4 and 5 of his Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No 1), Mr Goh’s position seems to be that he did not engage or
authorise the firm to act for him but that they “voluntarily act[ed]” on the
understanding that they could win the case and recover 70% of the costs of so
doing from the costs to be awarded to Mr Goh. Further, the firm did not quote
its professional fees for representing Mr Goh before the Board or before the
High Court before taking action in relation to these two matters. Mr Goh seems
to be implying from these pleadings that there was no contract between him and
the firm and that any representation which the firm undertook, it undertook as
a volunteer and therefore would not be entitled to be paid.

29 As a preliminary point, I note that this position is a difficult one to
establish because in the ordinary course of business, one would not expect a
solicitor’s firm to represent a client who has not instructed it or to
volunteer its services. Solicitors’ firms are in practice to do business and
do not, in general, undertake to provide their services on a voluntary basis
to persons who have no connection with them and are engaged in property
disputes. Further, solicitors are well aware that it is against the rules of
practice to provide services on a contingency basis.

30 In support of his contention that he did not instruct and authorise the
firm to act for him in the conduct of STB 33, Mr Goh stated in his affidavit
of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that Ms Tan had filed his objections to the
collective sale on 24 April 2008 without discussing her legal fees with him or
asking for a deposit. He concluded from this that Ms Tan had moved to secure
herself to act in his case and had left him with no opportunity to decide
whether to appoint her or not. He said that since she did not mention fees,
she had volunteered to act for him without any agreement or fees. Mr Goh’s
exact allegations (at [6]-[8]) are as follows:

[Carolyn Tan] then prepared my objections to the application for a collective
sale order. She filed my objections on and about 24 April 2008 without first
mentioning or discussing her legal fees with me, without asking for any
deposit and without asking me to sign a warrant for her to act.

So Carolyn had moved to secure herself to act in my case and left me with no
opportunity to decide whether to appoint her or not. Since _she did not
mention fees_ , she had _volunteered to act_ for me without any agreement on
fees.

In the course of our meetings, Carolyn was full of confidence in winning my
case and told me that upon winning the other side would pay 70% of my costs
i.e. 70% of the actual legal fees that I would have to pay. At the same time,
she did not ask me for a deposit. This gave me the impression that I would
only have to pay 30% of my actual legal costs and could expect that 70% would
be paid by being claimed from the other side. I completely believed in the
confidence Carolyn projected in winning my case.

[emphasis original]

31 The objective evidence was, however, that by a letter dated 29 May 2008,
the firm gave Mr Goh an estimate of its legal fees for representing him in the
conduct of STB 33, which involved their preparatory work, attending two
mediation sessions and one day of hearing. Mr Goh received this letter and
subsequently asked for a discount to which the firm agreed on 10 June 2008. In
its letter of that date, the firm lowered its fee estimate by $1,500. The
firm’s reason for giving Mr Goh its fee estimate only after the Objections to
the collective sale were filed was that STB 33 was commenced on 16 April 2008
and the firm had only ten days in which to put in the Objections. It therefore
prepared these on an urgent basis first, leaving the issue of fees to be
sorted out later.

32 The fact that the firm did not quote its fees or have a warrant to act
signed before the Objections were filed with the Board does not mean that Mr
Goh had not authorised it to do so. He admitted receiving the letter of 29 May
2008 which contained the original fee estimate. He must have known then that
the firm expected to be paid for its work. In fact, he did know it because he
asked for a discount which he was given subsequently. At that stage, Mr Goh
could have informed the firm that it was not entitled to charge him anything
because it had acted without authority in filing the Objections and/or because
it had agreed to conduct his case on a voluntary basis. He took no such
action. I do not accept that he genuinely believed at that time that the firm
was acting either without authority or as a volunteer.

33 As seen from the quotation above, Mr Goh also took the position that there
was an agreement between him and the firm that he would only need to pay 30%
of the firm’s actual professional fees. Mr Goh was not, however, consistent in
this position. In his Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1), he alleged
that the firm acted voluntarily for him on the “mutual understanding” that it
would win before the Board and an estimated 70% of the firm’s fees would be
paid from the costs awarded to him. Subsequently, on 6 January 2011, in his
Reply to the Second Defendant’s Defence to Counterclaim, Mr Goh alleged that
there was a “verbal agreement” between Ms Tan and himself that he would only
have to pay about 30% of the costs before the Board if he did not succeed. In
his AEIC, Mr Goh retreated from his allegation of a verbal agreement and
instead said that because first, Ms Tan had told him that upon his winning,
the other side would pay 70% of his costs and second, she did not ask him for
a deposit, he was given the “impression” that he would only have to pay 30% of
his fees.

34 There is no evidence of any such agreement on fees. First, there was
nothing in writing. Second, Mr Goh did not even cross-examine Ms Tan during
the trial as to the existence of the alleged verbal agreement. Third, in his
own AEIC, the existence of an agreement was not asserted. Fourth, Mr Goh had
first approached the firm for legal advice in June 2007 and shortly
thereafter, in July the firm asked him for a deposit of $1,000. He paid this
deposit. Then, on 24 April 2008, immediately after filing the Objections, the
firm sent Mr Goh a letter seeking “a further $5,000 to account of [their]
costs and disbursements”. On 13 May 2008, the firm sent him a chaser asking
for this money. At the start of the trial therefore, the evidence appeared to
show that the firm did want a deposit contrary to what Mr Goh had said in his
affidavit.

35 During cross-examination, Mr Goh admitted that the firm had, on and off,
asked him for payment. He agreed that it had, on and off, also billed him for
work done and chased him for payment when he had not paid. He admitted that
when he was asked for payment, he did make some payments. He also agreed that
he had never challenged the firm in respect of its requests for payment by
saying that he was only supposed to pay 30% and the remaining 70% would only
be recovered if he won.

36 There was also a letter from the firm to Mr Goh dated 30 June 2008 which
told him that in the event that he won the case before the Board, the firm
would make an application for costs to be awarded to him. The letter went on
to warn him “But from our experience, the award of cost [_sic_] by the
Tribunal is on a discretionary basis”. Mr Goh admitted in court that he had
received this letter and that the firm had advised him that costs would only
be awarded by the Tribunal on a discretionary basis. He was asked whether he
agreed that it was quite clear from the letter that the firm was not saying
that it was willing to accept only 30% if the case was lost. Mr Goh’s reply
was “It’s not mentioned here about the 30%”. He further agreed that he did not
respond to that letter to say that he disagreed with its terms and the firm
could only charge him 30% in that event.

37 On the evidence, it is clear that there was no agreement between the firm
and Mr Goh that he would only be liable to pay 30% of the legal costs incurred
and that too only if he won his case before the Board.

Was the firm instructed and authorised to act for Mr Goh in the conduct of OS
1627?

38 In his Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1), Mr Goh also denied
officially engaging the firm to act for him in OS 1627 and alleged that prior
to filing OS 1627, it had failed to provide him with an estimate of its
professional fees for doing so. OS 1627 was filed on 29 December 2008. In his
AEIC, however, Mr Goh’s evidence did not support this allegation. He said
there that after the Board dismissed his Objections, Ms Tan had advised him
that he could make an appeal to the High Court and she sent him a written
quotation dated 19 December 2008 on her professional fees for this appeal. Mr
Goh asserted that up to the date of his AEIC, he had not agreed to or accepted
the quotation. This evidence contradicted his pleading that he did not obtain
an estimate of the firm’s professional fees before OS 1627 was filed. There
was also evidence that on 19 December 2008 itself, after being asked by the
firm to place it in funds, Mr Goh had a conversation with an employee of the
firm in which he said the firm put payment at “number one” and that in
priority his case only came after the payment. During this conversation he
also indicated that he wanted OS 1627 filed by 26 December 2008.

39 Mr Goh subsequently sent an email to the firm (on 24 December 2008) in
which he noted that if the matter proceeded all the way to the Court of
Appeal, and the collective sale order was set aside, there would be three sets
of costs averaging about $15,000 each which the firm could recover from the
sales committee. He then proposed that if he were to lose before the Court of
Appeal, he should only have to bear the costs incurred up the hearing before
the Board. About a month later, the firm informed Mr Goh that it could not
agree to totally waive its costs for the conduct of the High Court and Court
of Appeal cases but would, as a gesture of goodwill, significantly reduce its
usual costs for him.

40 Whatever Mr Goh may have said in his pleadings, the evidence shows that he
did engage the firm to act for him in OS 1627 and that he was given an
estimate of its costs. The fact that he did not expressly accept it makes no
difference. He knew what the estimate was and he allowed the firm to proceed
with the filing and indeed he wanted the case to be filed quickly so that
there would be no difficulty meeting the time limit. Subsequently, Mr Goh
asked the firm for a draft of his affidavit in support of OS 1627 for his
review as it was important to him to have it filed in accordance with the time
lines set by the High Court. The contention that the firm was not authorised
to act for him in OS 1627 has no merit at all.

Care and conduct of the proceedings

41 The law relating to the standard of care and skill required of solicitors
in the conduct of professional business was reiterated recently in _Zhou Tong
and others v Public Prosecutor_ [2010] 4 SLR 534 (“ _Zhou Tong_ ”), by V K
Rajah JA (at [15]):

In particular, I made the following general observations on the standard of
care and skill required of solicitors in the decision of _Lie Hendri Rusli v
Wong Tan & Molly Lim_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 594 at [42]-[44]:

42 It is hornbook law that a solicitor is expected _to exercise the care and
skill of a reasonably competent solicitor in discharging his duties_ under the
retainer. In assessing the standard of care to be reasonably expected of a
solicitor, the _factual backdrop is of paramount importance_. Abstract notions
of skill and competence often add little to resolving the situation and have
to be applied with vigilance when meandering through the undergrowth of facts.
It must be appreciated that there is no magic formula that can reconcile the
myriad of case law principles and any attempt to distil such principles must
be tinged with pragmatism. In other words, no single touchstone will suffice
to illuminate or unravel the existence and extent of a duty in any given
matrix.

43 In reality the so-called _reasonably competent solicitor_ is a mere legal
fiction judiciously deployed from time to time to justify risk allocation. The
court is ever anxious to _maintain and police the standards of the legal
profession_ , which performs a vital role in a society that is predicated, and
places a premium, on the rule of law. In the discharge of its duty to uphold
the legal system, _the legal profession must seek not only to jealously
maintain high standards but to unfailingly remain alert and acutely conscious
of the fact that the public perception and the standing of the profession is
indivisibly determined by the standards it embraces and observes_. Rule 2 of
the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 1998 (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev
Ed) ('Professional Conduct Rules') explicitly prescribes that solicitors have
the following obligations:

(a) to maintain the Rule of Law and assist in the administration of justice;

(b) to maintain the independence and integrity of the profession;

(c) to act in the best interests of his client and to charge fairly for work
done; and

(d) to facilitate access to justice by members of the public.

[...]

44 The real issue, in any given case, _is whether the court views the
standards applied and skills discharged by the particular solicitor as
consistent with the legal profession's presumed responsibilities and
obligations to its clients_. This is not a fossilised concept and standards
periodically evolve as well as vary in different factual matrices. It bears
mentioning that adopting the practice of the entire profession does not by
itself exonerate a solicitor from the acid test of reasonableness measured by
adequate competence and skill: _Edward Wong Finance Co Ltd v Johnson Stokes
and Master_ [1984] AC 296. The efflux of time or general acceptance cannot
legitimise any neglect of duty by the profession as a whole.

[Emphasis in original]

42 Mr Goh’s counterclaim against the firm and Ms Tan was based on his
assertion that they had not met the necessary standard of care in two respects
_viz_ in relation to the basic issue of whether he was entitled to object to
the collective sale at all and, second, in relation to their general care and
conduct of his file especially since they wrongly advised him that he had a
good case.

43 Mr Goh’s case turned to a large extent on the applicability and the
interpretation of s 84E of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed)
(the “Act”). For convenience, the relevant provisions of s 84E are set out
below:

**Application for collective sale where proprietors of flats own leasehold
estate of at least 999 years or other estate in flats not registered under Act
but do not own the land**

**84E.-(1**) This section shall apply where there are subsisting leases of
flats in a development registered under the Registration of Deeds Act (Cap.
269) or the Land Titles Act (Cap. 157) for a leasehold estate of 999 years or
more or for such other estate as the Minister may, by notification in the
Gazette, specify and where the proprietors of the flats do not own the land
comprised in the development.

(2) The proprietors of 25% of the flats to which this section applies may
apply to the Registrar for notional shares in the land to be assigned to each
of the flats based on the method used by the Commissioner for the allocation
of share values.

(3) An application to a Board for an order for the sale of all the flats and
the land in a development to which this section applies may be made by -

(a) ...

(b) the proprietors of the flats who own not less than 80% notional share of
the land where 10 years or more have passed since the date of the issue of the
latest Temporary Occupation Permit on completion of any building comprised in
the development or, if no Temporary Occupation Permit was issued, the date of
the issue of the latest Certificate of Statutory Completion for any building
comprised in the development, whichever is the later,

who have agreed in writing to sell all the flats in the development to a
purchaser under a sale and purchase agreement which specifies the proposed
method of distributing the sale proceeds to all the proprietors of the flats
(whether in cash or kind or both), subject to an order being made under
subsection (6) or (7).

...

(5) A proprietor of any flat in the development who has not agreed in writing
to the sale referred to in subsection (3) and any mortgagee, chargee or other
person (other than a lessee) with an estate or interest in the flat and whose
interest is notified on the land register for that flat may each file an
objection with a Board stating the grounds for the objection within 21 days of
the date of the notice served pursuant to the Schedule or such further period
as the Board may allow.

Locus standi

44 The issue of Mr Goh’s ability to lodge objections to the collective sale in
accordance with s 85E(5) of the Act was not raised before the Board or in OS
1627. In fact, it was not raised in either the Appellant’s Case or the
Respondent’s Case prepared for the purpose of Mr Goh’s appeal to the Court of
Appeal against the High Court decision. This issue was raised by the Court of
Appeal itself when, prior to the scheduled hearing of the appeal, it asked the
parties for submissions on whether it was necessary, under the existing scheme
for collective sales, for co-owners (whether by way of joint tenancy or common
tenancy) to act together if they wanted to either support or oppose the sale.
The Court of Appeal described the answer to this question as being “pivotal”
because it determined Mr Goh’s ability to put his objections before any
tribunal.

45 In the result, after analysing and considering the submissions of both
parties, the Court of Appeal concluded that all co-owners had to act together
to either support or oppose a proposed sale. The relevant conclusions of the
Court of Appeal are summarised in the headnote of _Goh Teh Lee CA_ as follows:

(1) All co-owners had to act together to either support or oppose a proposed
sale. As Mr Goh’s ex-wife, the other co-owner of Unit 136D, did not object to
the collective sale, and had in fact agreed to the collective sale, Mr Goh did
not have the _locus standi_ to appeal against the Board’s order (be it before
the Court of Appeal or the High Court) or to object before the Board: at [7].

...

(5) The definition of “subsidiary proprietor” in s 84E(5) of the Land Titles
(Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) required the relevant person
to be proprietor of the _entire_ estate. In cases where a flat was co-owned by
tenants in common, a single tenant in common would not be a “subsidiary
proprietor” for the purposes of ss 84E(3) and 84E(5) of the Act as he would
not be the owner of the entire interest but merely an owner of a distinct
portion of the estate. All tenants in common of a particular flat would thus
have to act in concert before that unit could be reckoned to have supported or
opposed a proposed sale under ss 84E(3) and 84E(5) of the Act: at [16].

(6) In situations where a flat was co-owned by joint tenants, which was the
situation at hand, since the interest of each joint tenant was the same in
extent, nature and duration, a necessary consequence was that each and every
joint tenant must partake in any dealings with the whole legal estate before
such dealings might effectively bind the entire estate. An action by one joint
tenant, or even by some joint tenants but short of all of them collectively,
would not suffice to bind the estate, as the whole estate did not reside in
the single joint tenant or the select few (as the case may be). In the context
of a collective sale, the implication was that where a flat was held jointly,
none of the joint tenants was allowed to support or oppose the proposed
collective sale unilaterally. Since all must act together, where one objected
to the sale and the rest did not object (or even supported the sale), the
preference of neither side could trump the other: at [17], [21] and [24].

(7) A jointly held unit, where one co-owner had objected to the collective
sale whereas the other had agreed to the collective sale, should not be
regarded as having objected to the collective sale _per se_. Such a unit had
simply not taken a position as to the collective sale, _ie_ , it neither
supported nor opposed the sale: at [25] to [26].

Parties’ arguments

46 In this action, Mr Goh argued that the defendants were negligent in their
handling of the issue of _locus standi_. He asserted that Ms Tan was negligent
because she did not exercise due diligence in relation to this issue. She
should have been aware that it was established law that a joint tenant must
always act together with other joint tenants. Even if she could not be
expected to remember all of the law all of the time, Ms Tan should have acted
with due diligence to refresh her memory of that established law through
research in order to equip herself to advise him properly and competently.

47 Mr Goh further argued that the defendants’ assumption that he had standing
was below the standard of care of a reasonably competent and diligent advocate
and solicitor. He argued that the true position was that he did not have
_locus standi_ under s 84E(5) of the Act to file objections to the collective
sale. Ms Tan should have placed this consideration before him in order to
enable Mr Goh to make an informed decision whether or not to proceed with the
hearing before the Board or to accept the offer of the additional $200,000 for
his unit.

48 In furtherance of his arguments, Mr Goh stated that a reasonably competent
and diligent advocate and solicitor would have:

(a) Done proper and adequate research which would have reminded him or her
that joint tenants had to act and sue together;

(b) Asked himself or herself whether anything in s 84E(5) or any other part of
the Act showed a clear and unambiguous intention to depart from this
established rule of law;

(c) Concluded that there was no such clear and unambiguous intention to depart
from the established law that joint tenants had to act together and sue or be
sued together;

(d) Concluded that Mr Goh did not come within any established exception to the
common law rule requiring joint tenants to act together; and

(e) Concluded that the responsible advice to be given to Mr Goh was that,
because of points (a) to (d), he, acting alone, did not have _locus standi_ to
file an objection under s 84E(5).

49 The defendants submitted that they had exercised the reasonable care and
skill required of a reasonably competent and diligent solicitor, and so were
not negligent. They contended that the position they took was defensible. This
was clear from paragraph 21-23 of Ms Tan’s AEIC, which read:

Neither Tony nor I had any doubt that [Mr Goh] was entitled to object to the
collective sale. We believed that, as joint tenant of the Property, he was
entitled to the rights to the whole of the Property, just as his ex-wife was,
and could speak to the same.

We also relied on Section 84E(5) of the Land Titles (Strata) Act, which stated
that a proprietor of any flat in the development who has not agreed in writing
to the collective sale may file an objection to the sale, upon stating the
grounds of objection.

_Accordingly, we did not advise [Mr Goh] that, as a joint tenant of the
Property, he would have to act jointly with his ex-wife at the STB Hearing.
The issue never came up. Further, we believed, that, under the Mareva
Injunction [taken out by Mr Goh’s ex-wife], as [Mr Goh’s ex-wife (the other
joint tenant)] did not wish [Mr Goh] to deal with the Property at all until
the injunction was lifted, she did not support the collective sale as well and
that we could take the view that both co-owners wanted to maintain status
quo._

[emphasis added]

50 These arguments were adopted by the defendants in their submissions as
well. Accordingly, the defendants argued that they had reasonable basis for
construing the Act in the fashion they did, and there were tenable bases for
them to take the views they did. They then argued that the fact that a
solicitor had erred in construing or in advising on the construction of a
statute or document is unlikely to constitute negligence, so long as the
construction which he favoured was a tenable one.

51 Second, the defendants argued that the law was uncertain and any error was
an error of judgment on the part of the defendants which did not amount to
negligence. This second argument does not, however, appear to have much
substance as even an error of judgment may be negligent. This was clearly
pointed out by Chao Hick Tin J in _Wai Wing Properties Pte Ltd v Lim, Ganesh &
Liu (a firm)_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 1004 (at [62]):

_I would hasten to add that a solicitor cannot escape liability by merely
labelling a mistake as an error of judgment. It depends on the nature of the
mistake._ I would like to quote the speech of Lord Fraser in _Whitehouse v
Jordan_ [1981] 1 All ER 267 at 281:

Merely to describe something as an error of judgment tells us nothing about
whether it is negligent or not. The true position is that an error of judgment
may, or may not, be negligent; it depends on the nature of the error. If it is
one that would not have been made by a reasonably competent professional man
professing to have the standard and type of skill that the defendant held
himself out as having, and acting with ordinary care, then it is negligent.

[emphasis added]

Accordingly, the court cannot exempt the solicitor from liability by simply
describing his error as an error of judgment. It has to undertake the inquiry
necessary to determine whether the error arose from negligence.

Analysis

52 In the analysis of the issue, the first thing to consider is whether the
defendants should have alerted themselves to the law regarding joint tenants.
This question arises from Mr Goh’s assertion that the defendants should have
performed research, should have sought to have informed themselves of the law
and should have avoided making assumptions as to his standing.

53 The evidence was that the defendants did not, in the course of advising Mr
Goh on his objections to the collective sale, research the law on joint
tenants. That area of the law appears not to have entered their minds at all.

54 Ms Tan conceded that she did not advise Mr Goh that he had no _locus
standi_ to oppose the collective sale before the Board Proceedings. This was
clear from paragraph 21 of her AEIC, which read:

Neither Tony nor I had any doubt that [Mr Goh] was entitled to object to the
collective sale. We believed that, as joint tenant of the Property, he was
entitled to the rights to the whole of the Property, just as his ex-wife was,
and could speak to the same.

55 She further set out in her evidence:

Frankly, the issue just never arose as a point of contention because, we had
reasons to believe, prior to the Court of Appeal Decision, that any joint
tenant of a property had the right to object to a collective sale.

56 Instead, the defendants’ advice to Mr Goh was simply based on a literal
reading of s 84E(5) of the Act. The defendants’ interpretation of the statute
was that Mr Goh was a ‘proprietor’ within the meaning of s 84E(5). Ms Tan also
stated that if it was the case that Mr Goh had to act with his ex-wife to fall
within the meaning of ‘proprietor’ in s 84E(5), the defendants would have
thought that it was arguable that as co-owner Mr Goh would have still had
_locus standi_ as an “other person (other than a lessee) with an estate or
interest in the flat and whose interest is notified on the land-register for
that flat”.

57 As it turned out, this literal interpretation of the statute was an
erroneous interpretation. However, the key question to be answered here is:
has Mr Goh been able to show that the error was one which no reasonably
competent solicitor would have made? I turn to the evidence.

58 At the hearing before the Board, the Board only reviewed the case on the
merits, and dismissed the Objections accordingly. This was repeated at the
hearing of OS 1627 before the High Court Judge. In neither of these
proceedings was the issue of standing brought up by opposing counsel. In
neither of these proceedings was the issue of standing brought up by the Judge
or the Board. This is some indication that the issue of standing was not an
obvious one that would raise a red flag to persons who had possessed ordinary
skill and care. In particular, it is noteworthy that opposing counsel who
would have had every reason to assert a lack of _locus standi_ on the part of
Mr Goh failed to take this point before the Board, before the High Court and
before the Court of Appeal until the latter coram specifically directed him to
file submissions on the point.

59 Much was made by Mr Goh about the fact that there were points in time prior
to the hearing of STB 33 when the defendants should have been alerted to the
issue of standing and acted accordingly. He submitted that they should have
been alerted by the knowledge that Mdm Sng, the other joint tenant of the
property, had given her consent for the sale to proceed. The defendants, it
was argued, should have noted this and considered the issue of standing. In my
view, this is not a strong argument because at the proceedings before the
Board and the High Court, the Board and the Judge respectively had that
particular piece of information, yet failed to realise that it might give rise
to any issue about standing.

60 Unfortunately, there was no evidence from any solicitors apart from Ms Tan
and Mr Au regarding whether at the material time practitioners in this field
would have been alert to the possibility of the existence of an issue
regarding Mr Goh’s _locus standi_. However, some assistance may be gleaned
from two articles that were subsequently written about the decision in _Goh
Teh Lee CA_.

61 In _En Bloc Sales and Joint Tenancy_ [2011] Sing. JLS 564, Associate
Professor Barry Crown (“Prof Crown”) states that “[i]n _Goh_ _Teh Lee v Lim Li
Pheng Maria_ the Court of Appeal had to consider a _novel_ point relating to
the law of co-ownership”. The article goes on to state that the approach taken
by the Court of Appeal “seems to place too much emphasis on the doctrinal
nature of joint tenancy”. Prof Crown takes the view that Section 84E(5) can be
read so as to include a single joint tenant, and argues that this can be
supported by discerning legislative intent and by considering policy
objectives.

62 The purpose of citing Prof Crown’s view is not to endorse its merits, on
which I make no comment, but to demonstrate what the state of the law could
have been viewed to be prior to the Court of Appeal’s decision. His view lends
credence to the argument that a reasonably competent solicitor could have
taken the stand that one of several joint tenants acting singly was allowed by
s 84E(5) to lodge an objection to a collective sale. Whilst the defendants did
not articulate that perspective to Mr Goh, it was obviously the view that they
took and acted upon in lodging the Objections before the Board.

63 It might be argued that Prof Crown only reaches his conclusion after
applying considered thought to the matter, as opposed to the less rigorous
process the defendants undertook in reaching their interpretation. As such, he
did ask himself the questions that Mr Goh argued Ms Tan should have asked
herself (see [48] above). The situations before Prof Crown and the defendants
were, however, somewhat different.

64 First, Prof Crown had the benefit of reading the Court of Appeal’s judgment
and then making arguments on it. He knew, at the point of writing his article,
that the “novel” point was resolved in a particular fashion. The defendants
did not. As stated in _Jackson & Powell on Professional Liability_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2012) at [11-092]:

In determining whether the solicitor has exercised reasonable skill and care,
he should be judged in the light of the circumstances at the time. _His
actions or advice may, with the benefit of hindsight, be shown to have been
utterly wrong, “but hindsight is no touchstone of negligence_ ”.

[emphasis added]

65 In a similar vein (albeit in the context of auditors), the Court of Appeal
in _PlanAssure PAC (formerly known as Patrick Lee PAC) v Gaelic Inns Pte Ltd_
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 513 (“ _PlanAssure_ ”) held, (at [54]):

Second, in evaluating whether there is an irregularity which would have put
the auditor in question on inquiry, the court should guard against using its
_ex post facto_ knowledge of the existence of fraud to impute on the auditor a
level of inquiry that would have been unreasonable in the circumstances. The
court should refrain from assessing the situation with the benefit of
hindsight, and should instead place itself in the shoes of a reasonably
skilled auditor at the time the audit was conducted.

66 Prof Crown had the benefit of hindsight, the defendants did not.

67 Second, the defendants as practitioners faced pressing time constraints.
Baroness Hale, in assessing a claim against counsel for negligence in _Moy v
Pettmann Smith_ [2005] 1 WLR 581 (“ _Moy_ ”), reaffirmed the position set out
by Lord Hobhouse in _Arthur JS Hall & Company v Simons_ [2002] 1 AC 615, where
the learned Law Lord said:

The standard of care to be applied in negligence actions against an advocate
is the same as that applicable to any other skilled professional who has to
work in an environment where decisions and exercises of judgment have to be
made in often difficult and time constrained circumstances. It requires a
plaintiff to show that the error was one which no reasonably competent member
of the relevant profession would have made.

68 Accordingly, although Prof Crown showed more rigor and thought in coming to
the same conclusion, the defendants, who had to make their decision and
exercise their judgment in difficult circumstances, did not breach their
standard of care and skill in not going through the same analytical process as
he had done in writing the article.

69 Quite apart from Prof Crown’s case note, there was a case note on _Goh Teh
Lee CA_ by two lawyers in private practice in Rodyk & Davidson. These lawyers
argued that policy considerations and legislative intent must allow a single
joint tenant to object to a collective sale. Otherwise, he would be deprived
of his right to protect his interest in the property. They contended that each
co-owner was no less an owner of the property concerned and should be entitled
to raise valid grounds of objection to a collective sale. The conclusion drawn
by these practitioners was the same as that reached by the defendants _albeit_
that they had the benefit of hindsight and undertook more analysis in coming
to their conclusion than the defendant had.

70 One of Mr Goh’s main points supporting his contention that Ms Tan did not
act with due diligence because she failed to pay attention to the law of joint
tenancy and advise him on the requirements of joint tenants to act jointly was
that this was an established legal point which would have been obvious to her
had she paid attention to this area of the law. It is not so clear, however,
that the principles laid down in _Goh Teh Lee CA_ were simply reiteration of
established law.

71 First, Prof Crown has described it as a novel point. Second, in _Strata
Title in Singapore and Malaysia_ (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2012), Professor Teo
Keang Sood described the Court of Appeal judgment as such (at 683-685):

The question whether all co-owners in a joint tenancy or tenancy in common
have to act together to either support or oppose a proposed collective sale
_was considered_ in _Goh Teh Lee v Lim Li Pheng Maria & Ors._

...

It was also _made clear_ by the Court of Appeal that in a joint tenancy, where
one co-owner had objected but the other co-owner had agreed to the collective
sale, the unit cannot be regarded to have either objected or agreed to the
sale.

[emphasis added]

It would appear from this passage that the interpretation of s 84E(5) was
clarified by the Court of Appeal and was not established law prior to the
decision.

72 An analysis of the Court of Appeal’s judgment also indicates that its
conclusion was a new point. The Court of Appeal first laid out the principles
of joint ownership of land and then said at [24]:

From this brief survey of the jurisprudence of England, Singapore and Hong
Kong law, it was clear to us that joint tenants must act jointly in order to
effectively bind the whole estate which they hold jointly, whether the act is
by way of a disposition of the said estate (_Leek and Moorlands Building
Society_ ([18]  _supra_), _Mookka_ _Pillai_ _Rajagopal_ ([20]  _supra_)) or a
suit (_Williams_ ([21]  _supra_), _Lui Yuk Yin_ ([22]  _supra_)).

Having laid out the general common law principle that joint tenants had to act
jointly in order to effectively bind the estate that they owned, the Court of
Appeal went on to apply this principle to a collective sale in the following
way:

_In the context of a collective sale, the implication of this requirement is
that where a flat is held jointly, none of the joint tenants may support or
oppose the proposed collective sale unilaterally. Since all must act together,
where one objects to the sale and the rest do not object (or they might even
support the sale, as is the present situation), the preference of neither side
may trump the other. This explains why Mr Goh's ex-wife could not, on her own,
consent to the collective sale of the Development on behalf of Unit 136D._ It
would be recalled that the effect of Mr Goh's refusal to sign the CSA (even
though his ex-wife had appended her signature to the same) was that Unit 136D
could not be taken to have contributed to the requisite 80% under s
84E(3)(_b_) of the Act. In the same way, it should also not be possible for Mr
Goh to file an objection to the sale with the Board by himself under s 84E(5)
of the Act. Mr Goh will not have the necessary _locus standi_ to object to the
sale, unless his ex-wife joins him in his objections. Unit 136D must act
together with one voice. If Mr Goh is allowed to object to the sale before us
(and indeed before the Judge below and the Board), we will be disregarding the
interest of Mr Goh's ex-wife altogether.

[emphasis added]

73 The application of the established law on joint tenancy to the Act was,
before the Court of Appeal’s decision, unexplored. The result was reached via
an _implication_ ; that is, it was not clear on the face of the legislation
that joint tenants had to act together in opposing a sale. It was stated as
much in the judgment (at [17]):

In the situation where a flat is co-owned by joint tenants, which was the
situation at hand (it was not disputed that Mr Goh and his ex-wife both hold
Unit 136D as joint tenants), _prima facie_ , _one joint tenant may, on his
own, support or oppose a collective sale order under ss 84E(3) and 84E(5)
respectively_ , since each joint tenant owns the whole of the interest
together with the other joint tenants. However, this cannot be right, as it
directly contradicts the nature of a joint tenancy. Joint tenants hold just
one estate.

[emphasis added]

74 On the face of the legislation therefore, the interpretation which the
defendants gave to s 84E(5) was a correct one and where they differed from the
Court of Appeal was that they did not take the additional step of applying the
principles of joint tenancy to the Act and modifying the plain wording of the
Act in accordance with those principles.

75 The interpretation given by the Court of Appeal was not shown by Mr Goh to
have been common knowledge or the prevalent view held by other practitioners
in Singapore at that time. In cross-examination, Mr Goh asserted that it had
been an established legal principle for a long time and indeed had been
established since Singapore was a British colony. However, when he was
questioned further on this issue, he admitted that the only reference that he
had for alleging that this principle was established was the Court of Appeal
decision. On the other hand, the members of the Board included prominent
members of the legal fraternity to wit Professor Tan Sook Yee who has
published an authoritative text on land law in Singapore and District Judge
Seng Kwang Boon. They would have known if it was an established legal
principle that in a collective sale situation a single joint owner could not
object to the sale. Yet, they did not raise the issue of _locus standi_. The
same reasoning applies to the High Court judge who was a well known
practitioner in, _inter alia_ , commercial and land law before he was elevated
to the bench. He would certainly have been aware of such an established
principle.

76 The defendants cited the case of _Ridehalgh v Horsefield_ [1994] Ch 205.
This case involved a claim against solicitors’ negligent conduct and for
wasted costs, by reason of the solicitors’ erroneous interpretation of a
certain land law statute. The English Court of Appeal held that the
solicitors’ error could not be stigmatized as being negligent because:

(1) _This legislation is very far from straightforward_. Mann L.J. commented
on the complexity of section 34. Judge Holt commented that she couldn’t make
head or tail of it. We sympathise with her. It is unfortunate that legislation
directly affecting the lives of so many citizens should not be more readily
intelligible. (2)  _The solicitors do not appear to have approached the case
in a careless way_. There is nothing to contradict their statements that the
textbooks they consulted did not give a clear answer to their problem. They
could not be expected to bring the expertise of specialist counsel to the
case. Nor could they reasonably expect to be remunerated for prolonged
research. We do not think their error was one which no reasonably competent
solicitor in general practice could have made. (3) _It is significant that a
most experienced county court judge saw no reason to cavil at the basis upon
which it had been agreed to conduct the case_. Had the error been egregious,
it is hard to think the judge would not have corrected it. (4) Counsel
appearing for the tenants on appeal from Judge Holt did not regard the basis
on which the case had been argued below as unsustainable. ... _We think it
significant that experienced counsel did not discard the argument as obviously
wrong_.

[emphasis added]

Of the four reasons given in that case for the finding that the solicitors
were not negligent, the last two definitely apply here. As regards the first
reason, the situation here is even more in favour of the solicitors in that
the plain reading of the statute is in favour of the interpretation that they
held. Whilst the second reason does not apply in that there is no evidence
that any research was done apart from looking at the language of the section,
I do not think that balances the scale against the defendants.

77 I hold that the defendants and Ms Tan in particular did not act negligently
in failing to advise Mr Goh that he lacked the _locus standi_ necessary to
object to the collective sale.

Negligent advice in relation to the merits of the case

78 Mr Goh took the position that the defendants failed to act to the standard
of a reasonably competent and diligent advocate and solicitor in advising him
on the merits of his case. They had advised him that he had a good case when
they should have advised him that his objections to the collective sale had no
merit. He pointed out that Ms Tan had admitted in court that she had
considered that his case was a good case and she was confident and felt that
he had a good chance of succeeding. Yet, his case had failed at every level.

79 The defendants replied that they only informed Mr Goh that they were
confident of his case insofar as STB 33 was concerned. They said that for the
proceedings in OS 1627, they acted under Mr Goh’s instructions when they filed
the appeal because they had advised him that an appeal against the sale order
made by the Board would be an uphill task. Whilst Ms Tan was confident, based
on procedural irregularities, that Mr Goh had a good case before the Board,
she did not use percentages to gauge his chances of success and she did not
guarantee success as there could be no guarantee in litigation.

Analysis

80 The objections to the collective sale that Mr Goh placed before the Board
were recorded in the Grounds of Decision of the Board in _Lim Li Pheng Maria
and Others v Goh_ _Teh Lee_ [2009] SGSTB 2 (at [9]):

**The Objections**

The 1st Respondent (who co-owns a unit) objected to the sale on the following
grounds:-

(i) the method of distribution was unfair;

(ii) 80% share value was not obtained;

(iii) the application to STB was out of time;

(iv) procedural irregularities;

(iv) injunction against Respondent; and

(vi) the owner of terrace houses was not entitled to proceed as he cannot
participate in the sale

81 From the closing submissions of Mr Goh at STB 33 (where he was still
represented by Tan & Au LLP), it emerges that though there were six grounds of
objections as set out in the decision of the Board, the defendants were
emphasising the following in particular:

(a) The method of distribution of sale proceeds was unfair;

(b) The nine terrace structures were not entitled to participate in the
collective sale;

(c) The threshold 80% of signatures to the Collective Sale Agreement had not
been obtained.

82 All the Objections as put forward by the defendants were rejected by the
Board. That in itself does not mean that the defendants were negligent in
advising Mr Goh that they had confidence in his case. The question that arises
is whether the advice that these lines of argument had merit was so erroneous
that the quality of advice fell below the standard required of a reasonably
competent solicitor.

83 In _Zhou Tong_ , the court set out what was required of a solicitor in
assessing the merits of a client’s case (at [19]-[20]):

**Duty to conscientiously assess merits of a client's case**

_All solicitors have an obligation to carefully assess the merits of their
clients' cases before engaging in court proceedings_. As discussed above,
there are two facets to this duty. The first facet is the duty owed to
clients. Solicitors who recklessly institute legal proceedings without a
thought to the merits of their clients' case run afoul of the most basic
tenets of ethical conduct; such solicitors in essence improperly take their
clients' money and abuse the trust and confidence reposed in them. Depending
on the severity of neglect or indifference on the solicitor's part, there
could be different civil and/or disciplinary consequences. The second facet of
the duty is that owed to the court. Solicitors who pursue appeals without
adequately considering the merits of their clients' cases would be misusing
the court's time, as they would not be able to constructively assist the court
in evaluating the merits of the matter.

This is not to say, however, that solicitors should be on tenterhooks about
whether or not the court might ultimately rule against their clients. There is
a marked difference between adequately _considering_ the merits of a client's
case and _adjudicating on_ them, see _Bachoo Mohan Singh v PP_ [2010] 4 SLR
137 at [113]-[119]. The essential question is whether the solicitor had
faithfully and diligently directed his mind to the facts of his client's case,
and to the applicable law. If solicitors make the effort to conscientiously
consider and evaluate all pertinent aspects of their clients' cases, there is
no need for undue concern even if the court determines that there is
ultimately no merit in the case. Solicitors are not expected to always "get it
right". Some astute observations on the solicitor's duty to carefully assess
the merits of their clients' cases can be found in Prof Jeffrey Pinsler's
seminal text, _Ethics and Professional Responsibility_ (Academy Publishing,
2007) at para 08-017:

[T]here may be circumstances in which the advocate and solicitor must inform
his client that it would not be appropriate to pursue the case in accordance
with the latter's allegations where they are baseless, illogical and/or
unsupported by evidence. The advocate and solicitor has a duty to avoid acting
in a manner which is motivated by the intention of obstructing due process
(for example, by distracting the court and/or delaying proceedings through the
presentation of irrelevant or baseless issues) as opposed to pursuing the
merits of his client's case.

[emphasis in original]

84 A relevant (but not conclusive) factor to take into account in assessing
whether a solicitor’s advice on the merits of a case has been so erroneous
that it breaches the relevant standard of care is to assess whether the
arguments as set out in the advice gained any traction with the court or
tribunal in question. In this regard, it would be helpful to set out the
reasons the Board gave for approving the sale and rejecting Mr Goh’s
arguments:

**Findings & Board’s Decision**

10\. On the evidence adduced and the documents and reports tendered at the
hearing, the Board’s findings are as follows:-

(i) On the 80 % objection

(a) We find that at the onset before the notional share values were allotted,
more than 80% of the owners of the property (9 terrace houses and 18
apartments) had agreed to a collective sale of the property;

(b) After the notional share values were allotted, there was still more than
80% who wanted the sale;

(c) In fact when this case came up for hearing, except for the 1st Respondent,
all owners, including the co-owner of the unit owned by the 1st Respondent,
had agreed to the sale and had signed the documents; and

(d) We therefore find _in substance_ that the 80% rule had been satisfied.

(ii) On the application to STB being out of time

We are of the view _that it is not necessary to go into when the time for
application to STB started to run_ – on 29 December 2006 (1st signature of the
Collective Sale Agreement) or 24 March 2007 (1st signature of the Supplemental
Collective Sale Agreement) or any other dates. The fact was that the delay (if
any), was due to extraordinary circumstances of this case and there was no
inordinate delay on the part of the majority. _More importantly, we find that
the delay (if any) did not prejudice or disadvantage the 1_ st _Respondent in
anyway. In fact, no one was prejudiced or disadvantaged by this._

(iii) Other procedural irregularities

The Board finds that all the owners were aware of the enbloc sale and were
kept informed by the Sale Committee (“SC”) on the progress of the sale. We
find that meetings were held although the recording of the minutes could be
improved. As we have stated above, _the irregularities (if any) did not
prejudice or disadvantage anyone_

(iv) The injunction

The issue is not relevant in an application for an enbloc sale before the
Board

(v) Owner of terrace houses not entitled to process

_We disagree with 1_ st _Respondent’s Counsel’s arguments_ , as the terrace
houses and apartments sit on the same plot of land under a single title

(vi) Method of distribution was unfair

a) The crux of this whole exercise is the objection that the method of
distribution was unfair;

b) _There is no single method of distribution nor a combination of recognized
methods that can be fair in every case._ Whether the method employed is fair
or not in a given case must depend on the facts of the particular case;

c) In this case, we have carefully considered the evidence of the 2 experts
and their reports;

d) _We find that the method of distribution – equally among the units (9
terrace houses and 24 units) - agreed to by the majority is fair in the
circumstances of this case_ ; and

11\. Accordingly, the Board approves the sale.

[emphasis added]

85 As mentioned above (at [81]), there were three lines of argument which were
emphasised more than the rest. Even on a cursory glance, it is evident that:

(a) For the 80% objection, the procedural argument that was mounted by the
defendants was disregarded because the relevant rule had been satisfied “in
substance”. The Board made no finding on the validity of the procedural
argument itself.

(b) On the argument that the owner of the terrace houses were not entitled to
process, the Board simply stated that they disagreed with counsel’s arguments,
as the terrace houses and apartments sit on the same plot of land. Suffice to
say, a disagreement by an adjudicatory body with an argument proffered by
counsel does not mean that the argument was unmeritorious to the point that no
reasonably competent solicitor would advise that the point be taken.

(c) On the argument that the distribution method was unfair, the Board weighed
competing arguments mounted by both sides and came to a finding that the
distribution method of the majority was fair. Again, the fact that the
defendants’ arguments did not succeed in persuading the Board does not mean
that they were negligent in their advice that there was a case to be mounted.

86 Before the defendants were discharged, they provided Mr Goh with advice
relating to the setting aside of the order by the Board. The defendants
informed Mr Goh that his chances of succeeding on appeal were slim. The
specifics were as follows: On 12 January 2009, Mr Goh wrote to the defendants.
The letter read:

At this point in time, it is of importance that I need to know your assessment
of the chance of winning my appeal at the High Court. I appreciate your true
opinion in this matter and kindly reply me in writing. If you have any useful
suggestions, please do keep me inform as well.

87 In a reply dated 29 January 2009, the defendants stated:

As per our legal research given to you earlier on recent decisions on enbloc
sale cases, an appeal against a sale order is uphill.

88 This advice was very different from the earlier advice given to Mr Goh, in
that the defendants’ confidence in the case had evaporated. In short, the
advice was that the appeal would be uphill, and, as it turned out, the appeal
was unsuccessful. There is no merit to any criticism of this second round of
advice as negligent. In fact, this advice was realistic. In any event, this
advice that the appeal was difficult was not heeded, as Mr Goh conceded
repeatedly while being cross-examined before me.

89 Whilst the appeal did not succeed, Andrew Ang J made a thorough analysis of
Mr Goh’s arguments which were not very different from those mounted before the
Board. His analysis is interesting in that it shows that in certain respects,
at least, the arguments mounted by the defendants in STB 33 were plausible
arguments.

90 Dealing with the argument before him that the owner of the terrace houses
was not entitled to process and that the method of distribution between the
landowner and the unit owners was unfair, Andrew Ang J held (see _Goh Teh Lee
HC_ at [27] – [32]):

27 It is clear that the paradigm case which s 84E caters to is one where the
only premises on the land are the flats each of which has been leased for 999
years. In these circumstances, given that the reversionary interest of the
landowner is _de minimis_ , it is not unfair to require, as sub-s (11) does,
that once the Board makes an order for collective sale of the flats, the
landowner is deemed to have transferred his estate and interest in the land to
the purchaser without consideration. (Exceptionally, where the landowner
retains ownership of one or more of the flats, he is deemed to be the
proprietor of those flats and would be entitled to a share of the _en bloc_
sale proceeds as such: see sub-s (14).)

28 It might be argued, on a strict interpretation, that s 84E does not apply
to a mixed development such as the present one, where the terrace houses are
part of the freehold land. In such a case, the landowner owns more than a
reversionary interest in the land. Section 84E, which contemplates the
landowner giving up the land without consideration, therefore would appear
inapplicable.

29 However, to achieve a sale of the flats together with the terrace houses on
the land, a two-stage approach could have been adopted. First, the owner of
the land could have sold to the developer the land (together with the nine
houses thereon) subject to the existing leases. For the developer’s protection
the sale would be on condition that the flat owners agreed unanimously to
sell, or that an order for collective sale was obtained. Failing unanimity,
the flat owners could have applied for notional share values under s 84E(2)
and, after having attained the agreement of flat owners holding not less than
80% of the aggregate notional share values, gone on to apply for a collective
sale order pursuant to s 84E. However, that was not the approach adopted. Had
it been adopted, there would have been no doubt as to s 84E’s applicability.

30 As noted, the Board nevertheless allowed the application under s 84E.
Despite the wide definition of “flat”, it was inappropriate that the terrace
houses were assigned notional share values; in my view, the wording of s
84E(2) contemplated assignment of share values only to the leasehold “flats”.
The question I faced was whether I ought to overturn the Board’s decision on
the basis that the owner of the terrace houses should not have shared in the
proceeds of sale nor have been counted amongst the majority agreeing to the
sale. After deliberation, I came to the conclusion that I ought to uphold the
Board’s decision and thereby give effect to parliamentary intention. In
arriving at that conclusion, I took into account the fact that there would be
no prejudice either to the flat owners or to the landowner if I allowed the
sale to proceed. Firstly, with or without the landowner’s nominal share value,
the requisite majority had been attained in any event. Leaving the landowner
out, by 6 September 2007 (which was within the time allowed for the
supplemental agreement to be executed), all but the owners of two flat units
had signed the agreement. Second, as to the sharing of sale proceeds, the
landowner would have been able to achieve the same via the two-stage method in
any event.

31 On the other hand, if I overturned the Board’s decision, the parties would
have had to go back to the drawing board and start the process of collective
sale all over again adopting the two-stage approach as outlined above.
Assuming the majority remained resolute, that would result in the same
outcome.

32 I was fortified in my view that the collective sale order should be upheld
when I considered the overall purpose of the legislation. From a perusal of ss
84A to 84FA, it was clear that Parliament intended to facilitate collective
sale in various conceivable settings.

91 It can be seen from the above discussion, that Andrew Ang J was fully aware
that there was a serious argument to be made that s 84E did not apply to the
development and that because of the way in which the collective sale had been
conducted the landowner was not entitled to process under that section. It was
because the judge considered that the same objective could have been achieved
by resorting to a two-stage approach which would have the result of making s
84E applicable and because he was alert to the parliamentary intention behind
the legislation, that Andrew Ang J decided to give a wide interpretation to
the section and to reject the defendants’ argument. It was not a foregone
conclusion by any means that the judge would have upheld the Board’s
determination since, as he pointed out himself in [30], it was inappropriate
that the terrace houses were assigned notional share values.

92 In addition, Andrew Ang J also addressed his mind to the contention that
the method of distribution was unfair (at [41]-[44]):

**Whether the transaction was in good faith given the method of distribution
of the sale proceeds**

The plaintiff alleged that pursuant to s 84E(9)(a)(ii) of the Act, the Board
erred in approving the collective sale because the transaction was not in good
faith due to the unfair method of sharing the share proceeds. In his view, the
method of distribution of the sales proceeds stipulated in the CSA (which was
that each unit of flats or terrace house took an equal share of the sale
proceeds) departed from the established methods of distribution, ie, by share
value, strata area, valuation or a combination of all three. The plaintiff
(relying on his valuer's evidence) contended that the valuation method would
be the best method of distribution because the terrace houses were built
separately from the flat units and were of a much poorer condition, and the
owner of the terrace houses did not contribute to the maintenance or upkeep of
the common property.

_The Board found that, on the facts and upon consideration of the opinion of
expert witnesses, the method of distribution agreed to by the majority was
"fair" in the circumstances of the case._

In the context of en bloc sales, the concept of fairness is often both an
elusive and subjective one. As between different owners, each might argue that
his unit deserves a larger share of the sale proceeds by reason of its larger
area, greater share value, superior view, better state of repair or commanding
height. If they remained intransigent, no en bloc sale could ever be achieved.
For this reason, in successful en bloc sales, disparate individualistic
ambitions give way to group realism in recognition of the fact that no unit
sold piecemeal would fetch as much as in a collective sale. Instead of
prescribing "fairness" as such, s 84E(9)(a)(ii) provides that the Board shall
not approve an application if the Board is satisfied that the transaction is
not in good faith. (This does not mean that fairness has no part to play. A
transaction struck down for lack of good faith will inevitably reveal aspects
of unfairness whether in the sale price or in the manner that it was arrived
at or in the method for sharing of the sale proceeds.) _For the purposes of
this appeal, the relevant question was whether the Board was in error when it
determined that the transaction was fair (and therefore presumably in good
faith)._ In this connection, I refer to my earlier decision in _Dynamic
Investments Pte Ltd v Lee Chee Kian Silas_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 729 ("_Dynamic
Investments_ "), where I held at [14]-[15]:

14 But in a particular set of circumstances the question whether a transaction
was lacking in good faith nevertheless requires an application of the primary
facts to the legal criteria as to what 'good faith' is. As such, it is
traditional (if somewhat inexact) to describe it as a question of fact. The
Board's holding that it was not satisfied that the transaction was not in good
faith (regard being had to the method of distributing the proceeds of sale)
was a decision on the facts of the case and could not be challenged unless
there was an error of law either ex facie (as to which there was none) or such
as was described in _Edwards v Bairstow_.

15 _I note also that whether or not the transaction was lacking in good faith
was something on which the Board had to be 'satisfied'._ To my mind, that
further suggested that the Legislature, recognising an element of subjectivity
in such a decision, intended to preclude challenge to the Board's finding save
where there was an error of law.

As I explained in [28] to [30] above, the owner of the terrace houses was
entitled to payment for sale of the same. Without his agreement to sell his
freehold interest (subject to the leases of the flats), en bloc sale of the
flats with a view to redevelopment of the land could not proceed: (see [33]
above). In any event, comparing the terrace houses' "footprint" on the land
with that of the block of flats, it was incomprehensible how the division of
sale proceeds could be assailed. It was significant to note that none of the
other flat owners (including those with flats similar in size to the
plaintiff's) objected to the method of distribution.

Bearing that in mind, I found that it was not possible to say that the Board
made an error of law or that the Board's finding was such that "no person
acting judicially and properly instructed as to the relevant law could have
come to the determination under appeal": see _Edwards v Bairstow_ [1956] AC 14
at 36; _Dynamic Investments_ at [16]. There was therefore no basis on which
the finding of the Board could be impugned.

[emphasis added]

93 It is worth reiterating that once the proceedings went on appeal to the
High Court, Mr Goh’s case had to be approached from a different angle because
the High Court, under s 98(1) of the Building Maintenance and Strata
Management Act (Cap 30C, 2008 Rev Ed) which provided the avenue for appeal,
could only set aside the Board’s decision if it was satisfied that the Board
had made an error of law. As the judge pointed out, it was not possible for
him to say that the Board had made an error of law in relation to whether or
not the transaction was lacking in good faith. Whilst that argument might not
have flown at the High Court level because of this restriction it was,
however, an arguable point on the facts, which was correctly argued before the
Board.

94 From this analysis, it can be seen that some at least of the points brought
up by the defendants before the Board were points that were arguable and which
could possibly have succeeded. They were not points that no reasonably
competent solicitors would have brought up. Accordingly, the defendants’
advice to Mr Goh to argue these points was not negligent. Even if the other
points did not have much merit, these points on their own show that the
defendants were not negligent. Solicitors cannot be held negligent because not
all the points they put across for a case are winning or even good points.
Unsuccessful arguments are a daily occurrence but that does not mean the
solicitors proffering them are substandard practitioners much less negligent
ones.

95 As regards the point about the 80% share value not having been obtained,
this was rejected by the High Court in the following terms:

39 The plaintiff contended that it was not possible to determine if the
requisite majority by share value had been obtained on the CSA because the
notional share values had not been obtained prior to the execution of the CSA
by the majority.

40 I dismissed the plaintiff's contention. There is no requirement that the
notional share value must be obtained before the owners appended their
signatures to the collective sale agreement, in this case the supplemental
agreement. What matters is that when the application is made to the Board for
a collective sale order, it must be shown that the collective sale agreement
(in our case the supplemental agreement) had been signed by the requisite
majority (such majority being computed by reference to the notional share
values).

96 It would seem that the High Court had little difficulty in finding that the
point had no substance. However, there is textbook support for the defendants’
position in raising the point as a procedural objection. In _Tan Sook Yee’s
Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (Tang Hang Wu and Kelvin FK Low gen ed)
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2009), the learned authors state (at [22.106)]:

**Collective Sales of Subdivided Buildings Where No Strata Titles Issued**

...

Where the owners own leasehold estates of 999 years or other estate in the
flats, but do not own the land, section 84E _first_ permits an application to
be made to the Registrar of Titles for notional share to be allocated to the
land as a _first step_ to the collective sale. Only 25% of the owners of the
flats need so agree to this. _After this, section 84E(3) provides for an
application for a collective sale to be approved by the Board where the
majority of the owners of the flats so agree._ The majority required is the
same as that for the other situations. Special provisions are made for the
proprietor of the land to be bound by the Board’s approval by his being deemed
to have transferred his estate and interest in the land to the purchaser
without consideration.

...

[Emphasis added]

97 The Board did not comment on the procedural objection. It preferred to
decide the application on the substantive points. Since the procedural
objection did have some academic support, it should not be considered so
unmeritorious that the defendants should be held to have provided negligent
advice because they put it forward.

The amount of the firm’s claim

98 As I have now found that Mr Goh’s defence and counterclaim cannot be
sustained, I turn to the specifics of the firm’s claim for unpaid fees and
disbursements.

99 The outstanding fees amounting to $27,048.47 are shown in the two invoices
mentioned in [3] above. The additional $155.19 comes from the interest that
Merrill Legal Solutions had charged the firm for late payment for the
transcripts of the proceedings in STB 33 that Merrill Legal Solutions had
provided to the firm, for and on behalf of Mr Goh.

100 The firm argued that it is properly entitled to payment of its unpaid
bills for its representation of Mr Goh in STB 33. In addition, the firm argued
that until its retainer was terminated by Mr Goh, it carried out its work in
respect of OS 1627 with expediency and competence and ought to be paid its
outstanding bills.

Mr Goh’s arguments

101 In his submissions, Mr Goh stated that:

_T &A’s claim for costs_

1) _It would be fair to pay T &A_ for work done and disbursements incurred
only up to the point when the offer for $200,000 additional was made to M/s
Leong Kwok Yan on behalf of their clients. At that point, if Goh had been
competently advised, Goh would have accepted the offer and T&A’s work would
have stopped.

2) Beyond this, any costs and disbursements should not be allowed to T&A
because if Carolyn and T&A had competently advised Goh that on a balance of
probability he did not have locus standi, Goh would not have proceeded beyond
the point mentioned in 1) above.

3) Goh also expended money unnecessarily on disbursements in the proceedings
before the High Court and the Court of Appeal because he had not been
competently advised on his locus. Goh should be entitled to recover this from
Carolyn and T&A.

[emphasis added]

102 It would appear that Mr Goh had, over the course of the trial, moved to
take a new position, that he was willing to pay the firm for work done up to
the point where he suffered from the lack of advice on standing, and that this
was a fair position. This would imply that Mr Goh considered that if there was
no negligence, it would only be fair to pay the firm for all work done.

103 I have found that Mr Goh engaged the firm’s services right up to the stage
that it discharged itself. Accordingly, Mr Goh must pay for the work done. The
only question is as to quantum.

104 For convenience, I set out the relevant bills:

No. |  Bill Number |  Date issued |  Fees  
---|---|---|---  
**1** |  **Bill no. 4374** |  1 October 2007 |  $1,000  
**2** |  **Bill no. 4479** |  13 June 2008 |  $5,104.20  
**3(a)** |  **Bill no. 4602** |  25 November 2008 |  $8,240  
**3(b)** |  **Bill no. 4602 (Amended)** |  25 November 2008 |  $11,740  
**4** |  **Bill no. 4661** |  23 March 2009 |  $16,894.27  
**5** |  **Interest charged by Merrill** |  |  $155.19  
  
  

It can be seen from the above that the firm rendered two bills numbered 4602,
the first for $8,240 and the second, replacement, bill for $11,740, an
increase of $3,500. The total amount billed by the firm was $34,738.47. As
against this sum, Mr Goh paid the firm a total of $7,690 between July 2007 and
February 2009. The firm is accordingly claiming the balance of $27,048.47.

105 The question is whether it was reasonable for the firm to amend its bill
4602 from $8,240 to $11,740. This bill was for work done between 31 May 2008
and 25 November 2008. Mr Goh pointed out that no reason had been given for the
change in the amount charged for this work. He cross-examined Ms Tan about
this but she was unable to offer any reason why the sum charged had been
increased by $3,500. Instead, she pointed the finger at her partner, stating
that he was in charge of the sums:

QThis bill was dated 25th November 08. What is the amount of this invoice?

AErm, it appears at 5270. It’s for a sum of 8,000, your Honour.

Q8,240?

AYes, with disbursement at page 52741---5271.

QThis invoice was later amended and you call it 4602 (Amended).

AYes, that is correct. Page 5272.

...

QErm, the original is, er, 8,240 and the amended one is 11,740, so there was
an increase of 3,500.

AThere was an increase, yes. I’m very poor in maths as to the figure, yes.

...

QIt’s 3,500. Can you tell the Court what is the---why was such a---a---a
amended figures, you know, from elev---8,240 to 11,740? What is the reason for
having an amended invoice?

AI can’t quite reme---member, your Honour. I would like to point out that all
the billings are done by my partner. I do the work. Someone else prices my---
my work.

QSo you do not know the reason?

AMm, I can’t remember, your Honour.

106 However, while he was being cross-examined, Mr Au was equally unable to
give a complete explanation for the difference in the fees. He stated that he
amended the original bill because it did not sufficiently reflect the time
taken and work done:

Court:Okay. The next question is: Why did you amend?

QWhy did you amend? Yes.

Witness:I amend it because I felt that the bill 8,000 is---is, er, does not
reflect the---enough the time and the work done, your Honour.

He did not, however, give a reason why the original figure did not reflect the
amount of time taken or the work done. No breakdown was given of either
component.

107 Mr Au then attempted to explain the increase by stating that it was in
response to Mr Goh saying that the bill was too low:

Defendant:Erm, the bill was amended because, er, Mr Goh was at the office on
and off and then talking about bill being, er, you know, on the---

Court:Being what?

Defendant:On the low side.

This was not a believable explanation. It was clear from Mr Goh’s conduct
throughout the case that he wanted to be charged less rather than more. He
would never have complained that a bill was too low. However low it was, he
would have asked for a discount. Since neither partner of the firm was able to
explain why bill no 4602 had to be increased by $3,500 from the original
charged, I cannot accept the amended bill as being a reasonable reflection of
the work done. I will therefore assess the firm’s fees on the basis of the
original bill no 4602 which was for $8,240. Using this figure, the total
amount remaining payable to the firm would be $23,548.47. No questions were
raised about the reasonableness of the other bills.

Conclusion

108 In the result, judgment is given to the plaintiff for the sum of
$23,703.66 (inclusive of the interest charged by Merrill Legal Solutions as
claimed in the statement of claim) and costs. The defendant’s counterclaim is
dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

