Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Official Assignee of the estate of Tay Teng Tiang William, a bankrupt _v_
Tay Lee Kiang Liza and others  
[2013] SGHC 239

Case Number| :| Suit No 84 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lionel Yee JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Daniel Koh Choon Guan, Johanna G Tan and Fu Xianglin
Lesley (Eldan Law LLP) for the plaintiff; Subramanian s/o Ayasamy Pillai,
Kaushalya Rajathurai and Tien Chih Hsien Melanie (Colin Ng & Partners LLP) for
the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Official Assignee of the estate of Tay Teng Tiang William, a
bankrupt — Tay Lee Kiang Liza and others  
  
11 November 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lionel Yee JC:

Introduction

1 This case involves allegations of misrepresentation and conspiracy in
relation to the sale of a bankrupt person’s shares to his siblings and half-
siblings in 2004.

2 The Plaintiff is the Official Assignee of the Insolvency and Public
Trustee’s Office (“IPTO”). Mr Tay Teng Tiang William (“William Tay”) was
adjudicated a bankrupt on 20 October 2000 and his property vested in the
Plaintiff as trustee on the making of the bankruptcy order. This property
included 29,167 class “A” shares in SUTL Corporation Pte Ltd (“SUTL
Corporation”) and 1,125,469 class “B” shares in SUTL Holdings Pte Ltd (“SUTL
Holdings”). SUTL Corporation and SUTL Holdings (collectively referred to as
“the Companies”) were family-owned private companies founded by William Tay’s
late father, Mr Tay Choon Hye (“Tay Choon Hye”). Until mid-2000, Tay Choon Hye
was the controlling shareholder of SUTL Holdings, which in turn was the
majority shareholder of SUTL Corporation.

3 Tay Choon Hye had two wives and 11 children; seven children with his first
wife and four with his second wife. The 5th Defendant, William Tay, Ms Rosalyn
Tay Lee Tin (“Rose Tay”), and Mr Andrew Tay Teng Yew (“Andrew Tay”) are the
children of the second wife. The remaining six Defendants (that is, the 1st,
2nd, 3rd, 4th, 6th and 7th Defendants) are children of the first wife and
half-siblings to William Tay. At all material times, the Defendants were
shareholders in the Companies.

4 In early 2004, the Defendants purchased William Tay’s shares in the
Companies from the Plaintiff. This took place ostensibly without William Tay’s
knowledge or participation. In fact, William Tay never responded to any of the
Plaintiff’s letters in 2000 to 2001 regarding his bankruptcy and only filed
his Statement of Affairs on or about 9 May 2008.[note: 1] According to William
Tay, he had relocated overseas in about 2000. He was thus unaware of the
bankruptcy order at the time it was made as well as the sale of his shares in
2004. William Tay claims that he found out about the sale of his shares to the
Defendants only when he returned to Singapore in 2008.

5 On 5 February 2010, the Plaintiff commenced the present suit against the
Defendants, alleging that the Defendants had misrepresented the true and fair
value of William Tay’s shares and alternatively that the Defendants had
conspired to injure or defraud William Tay and/or the Plaintiff by diluting
William Tay’s shareholding in the Companies. The original writ of summons was
filed by both the Plaintiff and William Tay against the Defendants as well as
Rose Tay and Mr Tay Teng Hong, another half-sibling of William Tay. William
Tay, Rose Tay and Tay Teng Hong were removed as parties to the suit by
subsequent amendments to the statement of claim.[note: 2]

Background facts

The sale of William Tay’s shares

6 After William Tay was adjudicated a bankrupt on 20 October 2000, the
Plaintiff wrote to the Companies on 12 April 2001 informing them of the
bankruptcy order, requesting a copy of the latest audited accounts of the
Companies and also enquiring whether there were any interested buyers for
William Tay’s shares.[note: 3] Messrs Sam & Wijaya (“Sam & Wijaya”), the
solicitors for the Companies at that time, responded, on behalf of only SUTL
Holdings however, on 19 June 2001 to request a copy of the list of William
Tay’s creditors.[note: 4] In a letter dated 1 July 2001 to Sam & Wijaya, the
Plaintiff declined this request because SUTL Holdings was not a creditor and
asked again for the latest audited accounts and whether there were any
interested buyers.[note: 5]

7 No further communication appears to have taken place until 9 April 2003,
when the Plaintiff wrote yet again to the Companies to ask for the audited
accounts and whether there were any interested buyers for William Tay’s
shares.[note: 6] A few days later on 15 April 2003, the Plaintiff wrote a
further letter to SUTL Holdings in relation to William Tay’s shares in the
company, this time asking whether any dividends had been declared between 2001
and 2003 and requesting the audited accounts for that period.[note: 7] While
no similar document for SUTL Corporation was adduced, it was not disputed that
the Plaintiff probably made a similar request to SUTL Corporation as
well.[note: 8]

8 Sam & Wijaya responded to the Plaintiff on behalf of the Companies via two
letters dated 8 May 2003, which forwarded copies of the latest audited
accounts of the Companies as at 31 December 2001 (“the 2001 audited accounts”)
and stated that dividends of S$1,124,421.90 were declared and payable to
William Tay by SUTL Holdings for the financial years up to 31 December 2002
(no dividends having been declared in 2003) and dividends of S$43,750 were
declared and payable to William Tay by SUTL Corporation for the financial
years up to 31 December 2000 (no dividends having been declared in the years
2001–2003).[note: 9] Further, the letters made offers on behalf of the
existing SUTL Holdings and SUTL Corporation shareholders to purchase William
Tay’s shares in SUTL Holdings and SUTL Corporation respectively. The cash
consideration offered was S$744,885 for William Tay’s 1,125,469 shares in SUTL
Holdings and S$23,895 for his 29,167 shares in SUTL Corporation.

9 A valuation of William Tay’s shares was done by IPTO’s Insolvency Division
on 16 May 2003, which valued the shares at S$1.32368 per share for SUTL
Holdings and S$1.63851 per share for SUTL Corporation.[note: 10] This amounted
to S$1,489,760.81 for William Tay’s SUTL Holdings shares and S$47,790.42 for
his SUTL Corporation shares.

10 The Plaintiff subsequently wrote to Sam & Wijaya on 19 May 2003, requesting
the articles of association of the Companies.[note: 11] Some correspondence
regarding this request followed, including two letters dated 10 September 2003
and 22 September 2003 from Sam & Wijaya purporting to forward the memorandum
and articles of association of the Companies.[note: 12] However, there is some
uncertainty as to whether the full contents of the memoranda and articles of
association of the Companies were actually sent to or received by the
Plaintiff. In particular, the Plaintiff did not admit that it received the
notices of resolutions passed in 2000 to amend the memoranda and articles of
association by increasing the authorised share capital of the Companies.[note:
13]

11 On 4 October 2003, the Plaintiff made a counter-offer to sell William Tay’s
shares in SUTL Corporation for S$40,000 and his shares in SUTL Holdings for
S$1m.[note: 14] Sam & Wijaya wrote back on 23 December 2003, stating that the
existing shareholders of the Companies found the prices proposed by the
Plaintiff “too high as the shares are not readily marketable”, and counter-
proposing S$32,000 and S$800,000 for William Tay’s shares in SUTL Corporation
and SUTL Holdings respectively.[note: 15] This offer was accepted by the
Plaintiff by its letter dated 7 January 2004[note: 16] and William Tay’s
shares were duly transferred to the Defendants (who comprised most of the
existing shareholders of the Companies then) on 6 February 2004.[note: 17]

Restructuring of the Companies in 2000

12 Another important strand of the story involves the restructuring of the
Companies that took place in 2000. Essentially, the restructuring exercise
involved the capitalisation of retained earnings as payment for the issuance
of new shares to a trust created by Tay Choon Hye, as well as the transfer of
most of Tay Choon Hye’s majority shareholding in the Companies to the trust.

13 The Triple Five Trust (“the Trust”) was established by Tay Choon Hye in
February 2000, with Bermuda Trust (Singapore) Limited (“Bermuda Trust”) as the
trustee.[note: 18] The beneficiaries of the Trust were Tay Teng Hong, Rose
Tay, Andrew Tay and the Defendants, but not William Tay.[note: 19]

14 A number of significant changes to the shareholding of the Companies took
place shortly after that. On 10 May 2000, circulars were sent to the
Companies’ shareholders informing them of proposed amendments to the memoranda
and articles of association of the Companies and attaching notices of a
proposed extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) to be convened on 7 June 2000
for each of the Companies.[note: 20] It is disputed whether William Tay
received these documents and whether he was in Singapore at that time.

15 The resolutions for the proposed amendments were duly passed at the EGMs of
the Companies held on 7 June 2000 (“the 7 June 2000 EGMs”) in William Tay’s
absence.[note: 21] Prior to the amendments, each of the Companies had only two
classes of shares, namely “A” and “B” shares. The amendments increased the
authorised capital of the Companies by the creation of three new classes of
shares, namely class “C”, “D” and “O” shares. In addition, existing class “A”
and “B” shares would no longer have voting rights; the balance of the unissued
class “A” and “B” shares were reclassified as class “C” shares, which also had
no voting rights. Only class “D” and “O” shares would have voting rights,
whereas all classes of shares except class “D” shares would be entitled to
dividends. On 16 June 2000, shares were allotted as set out below:

|  Allottees |  No of Shares  
---|---|---  
SUTL Corporation**[note: 22]** |  Bermuda Trust |  1,000 class “C” shares  
SUTL Holdings |  2 class “O” shares  
SUTL Holdings**[note: 23]** |  Bermuda Trust |  1,000 class “C” shares  
Tay Choon Hye |  10 class “D” shares  
Bermuda Trust |  2 class “O” shares  
  
  

16 On 17 June 2000, the Companies each held an EGM to approve the
capitalisation of retained earnings and the distribution of new shares (“the
17 June 2000 EGMs”). At SUTL Corporation’s EGM, the 4th Defendant,
representing SUTL Holdings which was now the only shareholder with voting
rights, voted to adopt a resolution to capitalise the sum of S$95m out of the
company’s retained earnings and apply it as payment for 95m class “C” shares
to be distributed to Bermuda Trust.[note: 24] At SUTL Holdings’ EGM on the
same day, Tay Choon Hye and Bermuda Trust (represented by the 4th Defendant),
who were now the only two shareholders with voting rights, voted to capitalise
the sum of S$60m and to apply this sum as payment for 60m class “C” shares to
be distributed to Bermuda Trust in its capacity as the existing holders of
1,000 class “C” shares of the company.[note: 25]

17 Prior to the first EGMs held on 7 June 2000, the existing shareholders held
a total of only 25,479,167 shares in SUTL Corporation and 26,500,700 shares in
SUTL Holdings.[note: 26] Of these, 700,000 SUTL Corporation and 14,120,539
SUTL Holdings shares were held by Tay Choon Hye himself.[note: 27] Therefore
the combined effect of the 7 June 2000 and 17 June 2000 EGMs was that Bermuda
Trust, as trustees for the Trust, became the majority shareholder in the
Companies, while the rest of the existing shareholders, including Tay Choon
Hye, the Defendants and William Tay, had their shareholding significantly
diluted.

18 On 6 February 2001, Tay Choon Hye entered into agreements to transfer his
shares in the Companies to Bermuda Trust for a total consideration of
S$16,554,000.[note: 28] This sum was transferred back to the Trust on the same
day by Tay Choon Hye.[note: 29]

19 For reasons that will be set out below, the Trust came to an end by early
2002. Tay Choon Hye, despite having indicated in his letter of wishes dated 12
June 2000 that he would like the Trust to be determined _inter alia_ ten years
after his demise[note: 30], wrote to Bermuda Trust on 27 March 2002 stating
that he would like the Trust to be determined as soon as possible and that the
shares in the Companies belonging to the Trust were to be distributed to the
beneficiaries[note: 31]. Accordingly, a deed of distribution and indemnity was
executed on 29 April 2002 to distribute the shares to Tay Teng Hong, Rose Tay,
Andrew Tay and the Defendants. As William Tay was not a beneficiary of the
Trust, he did not receive any of these shares. Tay Choon Hye subsequently
passed away on 27 December 2002.

The Janet Ho and Andrew Tay Transactions

20 Shortly before Tay Choon Hye’s death, the Companies commenced a suit on 8
October 2002 to seek specific performance of an alleged agreement entered into
on 10 July 2002 with one Janet Ho.[note: 32] Janet Ho, Tay Choon Hye’s
companion until his death, was the owner of 979,167 class “B” shares in SUTL
Corporation. Under this alleged agreement, Janet Ho was to transfer her shares
in SUTL Corporation to SUTL Holdings for a consideration of S$2.7m. The
Companies sued Janet Ho after she failed to do so. Janet Ho responded by
filing a suit of her own on 22 November 2002 against, _inter alia_ , the
Companies and the present Defendants, claiming oppressive and prejudicial
conduct under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed).[note: 33] Both
suits were settled after mediation by a deed of settlement made on 13 March
2003, whereby Janet Ho’s shares in SUTL Corporation were transferred to SUTL
Holdings for a consideration of S$5m (the “Janet Ho Transaction”).[note: 34]
This amounted to a payment of about S$5.11 for each SUTL Corporation share
that she held.

21 On 9 March 2004, SUTL Investments Pte Ltd (“SUTL Investments”), another
subsidiary of SUTL Holdings, entered into an agreement with Andrew Tay, where
Andrew Tay’s shares in SUTL Corporation were valued at S$1.87 per share (the
“Andrew Tay Transaction”).[note: 35] The essence of the Andrew Tay Transaction
was that Andrew Tay would acquire a hotel in Cambodia from SUTL Investments in
exchange for some of his original shares in SUTL Corporation as well as
additional SUTL Corporation shares which he had acquired from Rose Tay and Tay
Teng Hong by swapping his original SUTL Holdings shares with them.

The arguments

Plaintiff’s case

22 The Plaintiff’s first argument is that the Defendants had fraudulently
misrepresented the value of William Tay’s shares to the Plaintiff with the
intention of procuring the transfer of the said shares to themselves at an
undervalue. The alleged misrepresentations comprised the following:

(a) Non-disclosure of the fact that resolutions were passed on 7 and 17 June
2000 to capitalise S$95m and S$60m out of the Companies’ retained earnings
into shares which were allotted to Bermuda Trust, diluting the value of
William Tay’s shares;

(b) Non-disclosure of the Janet Ho Transaction;

(c) Non-disclosure of the Andrew Tay Transaction; and

(d) The statement in the letter dated 23 December 2003 from Sam & Wijaya to
the Plaintiff that the prices proposed by the Plaintiff were “too high” (see
[11] above).

The Plaintiff claims that it only found out about the Janet Ho and Andrew Tay
Transactions when William Tay returned to Singapore to file his Statement of
Affairs in May 2008, and that it only found out about the 7 June 2000 and 17
June 2000 EGMs and the existence of Bermuda Trust around May 2012. According
to the Plaintiff, the above non-disclosures (or disclosures, as the case may
be) amounted to a false representation that the true and fair value of William
Tay’s shares could be derived solely from the 2001 audited accounts of the
Companies which the Defendants had forwarded to the Plaintiff. It is pertinent
to note that the Plaintiff is not alleging that the 2001 audited accounts of
the Companies furnished to it in 2003 were false or lacked veracity.[note: 36]
Although the statement of claim seemed to cast doubt on the veracity and
reliability of the 2001 audited accounts of the Companies that were forwarded
to the Plaintiff by the Defendants, the Plaintiff did not allege that this was
a misrepresentation in its closing submissions.

23 The Plaintiff’s second argument is based on unlawful and, in the
alternative, lawful conspiracy.[note: 37] It is alleged that the Defendants
had conspired to pass the resolutions at the 7 June 2000 and 17 June 2000 EGMs
to allot the bonus shares to Bermuda Trust (of which they were beneficiaries
to the exclusion of William Tay), thereby diluting William Tay’s percentage
shareholding in the Companies. The passing of these resolutions, as well as
the eventual distribution of the bonus shares to the beneficiary Defendants,
is alleged as having been deliberately concealed from William Tay and/or the
Plaintiff.

Defendants’ case

24 The Defendants submit that no fraudulent misrepresentations were made to
the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff had adequate notice of the restructuring of the
Companies that took place in 2000 and the consequent dilution of William Tay’s
shares because the Defendants had duly disclosed the 2001 audited accounts of
the Companies and the notices of resolutions pertaining to the changes in the
shareholding of the Companies. The Defendants had no duty to disclose the
Janet Ho and Andrew Tay Transactions to the Plaintiff. As for the statement in
the letter dated 23 December 2003 from Sam & Wijaya that the prices proposed
by the Plaintiff were “too high”, this was simply a bargaining tool used by
one party in an arm’s length transaction. In any case, the Defendants say that
there was no reliance by the Plaintiff on any of these statements or non-
disclosures.

25 The Defendants also deny that they were involved in any conspiracy to cause
injury or loss to William Tay. First, the Defendants argue that the Plaintiff
had not pleaded an unlawful conspiracy or that there was a conspiracy to
injure William Tay by excluding him as a beneficiary under the Trust.[note:
38] In any case, there was no unlawful act to support any allegation of an
unlawful conspiracy as the 7 and 17 June 2000 resolutions had been properly
passed. There was also no predominant purpose to injure the Plaintiff or
William Tay by diluting the value of William Tay’s shares because the
restructuring of the Companies in June 2000 was carried out by Tay Choon Hye
on the advice of professionals for the purposes of estate and succession
planning.[note: 39] Moreover, there had been an equal dilution of each of the
Defendant’s shareholdings in the Companies in June 2000 and the dismantling of
the Trust had been necessitated by law due to objections by the Land Dealings
Unit of the Singapore Land Authority to the Trust holding shares in the
Companies which in turn held Singapore residential property.

26 The Defendants finally contend that the Plaintiff’s causes of action based
on misrepresentation and conspiracy are time-barred pursuant to the Limitation
Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed). Their argument is that the Plaintiff’s claims
accrued on or about 7 January 2004, which was when the Plaintiff accepted the
Defendants’ offer to purchase William Tay’s shares. The present suit was
commenced on 5 February 2010, more than 6 years after 7 January 2004, and is
thus time-barred under s 6(1)(_a_) of the Limitation Act. They further argue
that ss 29(1)(_a_)–(_b_) of the same, which provide for a postponement of the
limitation period in cases where the cause of action is based on or concealed
by fraud of the defendant, does not assist the Plaintiff because the latter
could have with reasonable diligence discovered the alleged fraud by the time
William Tay’s shares were sold. Contrary to the Plaintiff’s assertion, the
Defendants say that notices of the resolutions passed in June 2000 were sent
by their solicitors to the Plaintiff in September 2003.[note: 40] These
documents, together with the 2001 audited accounts and the searches with the
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) conducted by the
Plaintiff itself in 2001 and 2003, would have given the Plaintiff ample notice
of the restructuring of the Companies in June 2000 and the dilution of William
Tay’s shares.

Issues

27 There are now three main issues to be determined, namely:

(a) whether there was any fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of the
Defendants in relation to the true and fair value of William Tay’s shares;

(b) whether the Defendants had conspired to injure the Plaintiff by diluting
William Tay’s shares and allotting bonus shares to Bermuda Trust of which they
were beneficiaries; and

(c) whether the Plaintiff’s causes of action for misrepresentation and/or
conspiracy are time-barred under the Limitation Act.

The evidence

For the Plaintiff

28 There were a total of nine witnesses for the Plaintiff, comprising present
or former officers from IPTO, members of the Tay family and one expert
witness, Mr Leow Quek Shiong (“Leow”), whose testimony I shall deal with
later.

29 There were five witnesses from IPTO. The main and first witness for the
Plaintiff was Mr Lim Yew Jin (“Lim”), an assistant official assignee and
public trustee of IPTO, who had taken over William Tay’s case in July 2012.
The other witnesses were: Ms Diane Goh (“Diane”), the case officer in charge
of William Tay’s estate in bankruptcy from December 2009 to the present; Mr
Lum Weng Sun (“Lum”), the shares realisation officer who performed the
valuation of William Tay’s shares in May 2003; Mr Jonathan Chua Beng Beng
(“Jonathan”), the senior officer in charge of William Tay’s case from October
2000 to sometime in 2002; and Mr Sunari Kateni (“Sunari”), an assistant
official receiver in IPTO who had oversight of William Tay’s case during the
period when William Tay’s shares were sold to the Defendants. While I found
all the witnesses from IPTO to be credible, their testimonies were limited to
their respective scope of work and the period of time during which each of
them was involved in the administration of William Tay’s bankruptcy.

30 There were three witnesses from the Tay family, namely William Tay himself
and his two siblings, Andrew Tay and Rose Tay. William Tay’s evidence
primarily related to whether and when he came to know about his bankruptcy and
the resolutions of the Companies passed in June 2000. The reliability of his
testimony was, however, doubtful. In relation to the assertion that he was
overseas when the 7 and 17 June 2000 EGMs of the Companies were held and when
the bankruptcy order was made against him in October that year, while he had
stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that he had left
Singapore and relocated to Thailand and then Cambodia around 1999 or early
2000,[note: 41] he subsequently claimed at various points during cross-
examination that he had left Singapore in March 2000, in May 2000 and finally
December 2000.[note: 42] William Tay also claimed not to know about a judgment
entered against him in February 1999 by Standard Chartered Bank in relation to
an overdraft facility taken by his company, Indobest International Pte Ltd,
even though the judgment was a consent judgment.[note: 43]

31 I also had difficulties with the reliability of Rose Tay’s testimony. While
she testified quite definitively that she never received the circular dated 10
May 2000 containing a notice of the EGM to be held on 7 June 2000 for SUTL
Corporation and that she did not attend the EGM,[note: 44] she exhibited the
said circular and notice of the EGM as well as the minutes of the EGM on 7
June 2000 in her own affidavit[note: 45] and had in fact signed the attendance
sheets for both of the 7 June 2000 EGMs.[note: 46] Her insistence during
cross-examination that she knew nothing about the EGMs and that she had
blindly signed the attendance sheets was also inconsistent with her account in
her AEIC that she simply could not _recall_ either receiving the circular
dated 10 May 2000 or attending the meeting.[note: 47] Rose Tay also claimed
that she did not know that William Tay had commenced the present proceedings
until she was recently asked to be a witness.[note: 48] But this could not
have been the case since she was a defendant in the proceedings until 7 July
2010 and appearance had been entered by her solicitors on her behalf on 11
June 2010. On the other hand, Andrew Tay appeared to me to be a credible
witness, although he could not recollect certain events due to the lapse of
time.

For the Defendants

32 There were six witnesses for the Defendants, including the 4th Defendant,
Mr Arthur Tay Teng Guan (“Arthur Tay”), and the 7th Defendant, Mr Tay Teng
Joo. I found Arthur Tay and Tay Teng Joo to be fairly credible witnesses.
While counsel for the Plaintiff highlighted in written submissions a number of
inconsistencies in their evidence, these were not in relation to very
significant matters.

33 The other four witnesses for the Defendants were a representative from HSBC
Trustees (formerly known as Bermuda Trust) who produced certain documents to
the Court, two tax advisors to the late Tay Choon Hye, Ms Juliana Lee Lay Eng
(“Juliana”) and Mr Choo Eng Chuan (“Choo”), as well as Mr Wijaya R Sivanathan
(“Wijaya”), the partner of Sam & Wijaya who handled the sale of William Tay’s
shares. Juliana was the tax director from Arthur Andersen who had advised Tay
Choon Hye from 1999 to around early 2001 on estate and succession planning and
the setting up of the Trust. Choo was also a tax director from Arthur
Andersen, and was the tax advisor for the Tay family and the Companies since
1997. He was the one who introduced Juliana to Tay Choon Hye in 1999 to advise
him on estate and succession planning. While Choo was not actively involved in
the setting up of the Trust in 2000, he subsequently became acquainted with
the restructuring exercise around July 2001 when objections were raised by the
Singapore Land Authority in relation to the Trust.

Non-appearance of some of the Defendants

34 The Plaintiff submits that an adverse inference should be drawn against the
Defendants as they had not, with the exception of Arthur Tay and Tay Teng Joo,
attended Court as witnesses to defend the action against them, the adverse
inference being that the absent Defendants had intended to injure or defraud
William Tay and/or the Plaintiff.[note: 49] In support of this argument, the
Plaintiff relies on O 35 r 1(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed) as well as s 116 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed).[note: 50] This
reliance is misplaced. Order 35 r 1(2) of the Rules of Court deals with the
power of the court to proceed with the trial or give judgment in cases where
one party fails to appear. Failure to “appear” in that context does not refer
to a failure to call a particular party as a witness. Rather, it refers to a
failure to generally participate in proceedings: see, _eg_ , _Ching Chew Weng
Paul, deceased, and others v Ching Pui Sim and others_ [2011] 3 SLR 869 at
[15]–[20]. As for adverse inferences to be drawn under s 116 of the Evidence
Act, it should be borne in mind that the Plaintiff bears the burden of proving
its allegations of misrepresentation and conspiracy on the part of the
Defendants. The burden cannot be on the Defendants to call witnesses to refute
a claim brought by the Plaintiff. It was open to the Plaintiff to issue a
subpoena to any of the Defendants to testify at the trial if their testimony
was regarded as material to the Plaintiff’s case.

My findings

Issue 1: Was there fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of the Defendants?

35 While the Plaintiff pleaded both fraudulent and negligent misrepresentation
in the statement of claim, it advanced arguments based only on fraudulent
misrepresentation in its closing and reply submissions.[note: 51]

36 An action based on fraudulent misrepresentation consists of “the wilful
making of a false statement with the intent that the plaintiff shall act in
reliance upon it and with the result that he does so act and suffers damage in
consequence”: see _Kea Holdings Pte Ltd and another v Gan Boon Hock_ [2000] 2
SLR(R) 333 at [37]. Therefore, before a fraudulent misrepresentation can be
established, the following elements must be satisfied: (1) that there was a
representation of fact made by the defendant by words or conduct; (2) that the
representation was made with the intention that it should be acted upon by the
plaintiff; (3) that the plaintiff acted upon the representation; (4) that the
plaintiff suffered damage by so doing; and (5) that the representation was
made with the knowledge that it was false, or at least, in the absence of any
genuine belief that it was true: see _Tjong Very Sumito and others v Chan Sing
En and others_ [2012] 3 SLR 953; see also _Trans-World (Aluminium) Ltd v
Cornelder China (Singapore)_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 501 (“ _Trans-World_ ”) at [29].
The last element applies to cases concerning allegations of fraud, where
although the standard of proof remains the civil standard of proof on a
balance of probabilities, cogent evidence is required before a court will be
satisfied that the allegations of fraud are established: _Alwie Handoyo v
Tjong Very Sumito and another and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 308 at
[158]–[160]. It bears emphasising that dishonesty is the touchstone that
distinguishes fraudulent misrepresentation from other forms of
misrepresentation; thus negligence, however gross, is not fraud: see
_Raiffeisen Zentralbank Osterreich AG v Archer Daniels Midland Co and others_
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 196 at [40] and [43], cited with approval by the Court of
Appeal in _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the
estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another_ [2013] 3 SLR 801 at [35].

37 The following paragraphs will discuss three elements of a claim for
fraudulent misrepresentation, namely: (1) whether there was a false
representation on the part of the Defendants; (2) whether there was reliance
by the Plaintiff on the alleged misrepresentations; and (3) whether there was
fraud on the part of the Defendants in making the alleged misrepresentations.

No false representation made by the Defendants

38 The Plaintiff relies primarily on a number of non-disclosures on the part
of the Defendants to establish its claim of fraudulent misrepresentation. It
cites the case of _Briess and others v Woolley and others_ [1954] 1 AC 333 (“
_Briess_ ”) in support of the proposition that while the Defendants did not
make express representations that the 2001 audited accounts reflected the true
position of the Companies, they concealed relevant events which would have
shown that the said accounts did not correctly reflect the Companies’
financial position.[note: 52] In _Briess_ , a director of a company failed to
disclose in negotiations with potential purchasers of the company’s shares
that the company’s accounts were based on dishonest trading. It was held,
_inter alia_ , that the director was guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation as
he had effectively represented that the profits of the company had been made
by lawful trading. As in _Briess_ , it is not the Plaintiff’s position that
the figures in the 2001 audited accounts are themselves untrue or inaccurate
(see [22] above).[note: 53] Rather, the issue is whether the omission to
inform the Defendants of the dilution of William Tay’s shares and of the Janet
Ho and Andrew Tay Transactions renders what was stated by the Plaintiff to be
false.

39 In ascertaining whether there has been misrepresentation by silence, I find
the following statements by Belinda Ang J in _Trans-World_ at [66]–[68] to be
a useful guide:

66 Misrepresentation by silence entails more than mere silence. A mere silence
could not, of itself, constitute wilful conduct designed to deceive or
mislead. _The misrepresentation of statements comes from a wilful suppression
of material and important facts thereby rendering the statements untrue._

67 In an action in deceit, the plaintiffs have to prove, to use the language
of Lord Cairns in  _Peek v Gurney_ [1861-73] All ER Rep 116 at 129:

… some active misstatement of fact, or, at all events, such a partial and
fragmentary statement of fact that the withholding of that which is not stated
makes that which is stated absolutely false.

The statement made must be either in terms, or by such an omission in the
sense stated by Lord Cairns, an untrue statement.

68 When silence … or a failure to speak is alleged to constitute misleading
conduct or deception, _the proper approach to take is to assess silence as a
circumstance like any other act or statement and in the context in which it
occurs._ Hence, it is necessary to examine the silence with reference to the
charge that is made against the defendants.

[emphasis added]

40 In the present case, the Defendants forwarded the 2001 audited accounts of
the Companies to the Plaintiff on 8 May 2003. They did so in response to
various letters from the Plaintiff since April 2001 requesting copies of the
latest audited accounts of the Companies and enquiring whether there were any
interested buyers for William Tay’s shares. The purpose of the requests for
the audited accounts was not in fact expressly stated in the Plaintiff’s
letters although it would be reasonable to infer that the audited accounts
were to be used by the Plaintiff for valuing William Tay’s shares. However,
the Plaintiff did not state in its requests that the audited accounts were to
be used as the _sole_ basis for valuing William Tay’s shares; nor could an
obvious inference to that effect be drawn from its letters. The Plaintiff also
did not specifically ask the Companies or the Defendants whether there were
any other recent or impending transactions involving the Companies’ shares or,
more generally, what the fair valuation of them would be. In the
circumstances, it cannot be said that there was any representation on the part
of the Defendants, when they responded by providing the 2001 audited accounts,
that these could be used as the sole basis for ascertaining the true and fair
value of William Tay’s shares.

41 In so far as the alleged misrepresentation involved the non-disclosure of
the dilution of William Tay’s shares, it appears that there was, in any event,
sufficient disclosure of the events resulting in that dilution. It is not
disputed that the Plaintiff knew of the allotment of the bonus shares to
Bermuda Trust in 2000.[note: 54] The Plaintiff had the 2001 audited accounts
of the Companies, which showed that there was a “[b]onus issue of shares” of
S$70m for SUTL Holdings and that there was a “[b]onus issue of shares via
capitalisation of revenue reserves” of S$95m for SUTL Corporation.[note: 55]
The Plaintiff had also conducted its own ACRA searches in 2001 and 2003, which
identified Bermuda Trust as the owner of these bonus shares.[note: 56] The
only controversy is in relation to whether notices of the resolutions passed
in 2000 to capitalise the Companies’ retained earnings into shares were sent
to the Plaintiff by way of Sam & Wijaya’s letters dated 10 September and 22
September 2003 (see [10] above), but resolution of this issue is not critical
given that the Plaintiff already concedes that it had information on the
allotment of the bonus shares to Bermuda Trust at the relevant time. In any
event, the Plaintiff bears the burden of proving that it did not receive the
notices of the resolutions since it is alleging misrepresentation by non-
disclosure on the part of the Defendants. It has not discharged that burden on
a balance of probabilities. Wijaya testified that he had personally made sure
that the notices of the resolutions were incorporated in the letters sent to
the Plaintiff, especially in his letter dated 22 September 2003 after he was
informed by IPTO’s officers first through a letter dated 27 August 2003[note:
57] and then through a telephone call between 10 and 22 September 2003[note:
58] that two earlier letters sent by his firm failed to include the relevant
attachments. He was able to recount in detail the circumstances in which these
documents were sent out.[note: 59] On the other hand, the Plaintiff could only
make a general assertion that these documents were not in its case files and
none of the Plaintiff’s witnesses had personal knowledge as to what was
actually received by the Plaintiff in September 2003.[note: 60] Nor was there
evidence adduced of how the Plaintiff handled documents at the material time
to show that if the documents could not be found in the Plaintiff’s case
files, they were not likely to have been received by the Plaintiff.

42 The Plaintiff however argues that this information was not sufficient to
alert the Plaintiff to the fact that the Trust held the bonus shares for the
benefit of the Defendants to the exclusion of William Tay.[note: 61] In my
judgment, there is nothing to this point because the identity of the
beneficiaries of the Trust has little bearing on the issue of whether the
Defendants misrepresented the value of William Tay’s shares to the Plaintiff.
The Plaintiff did know how many shares William Tay had in relation to the
total issued share capital of the Companies prior to and after the 2000 bonus
issue as well as the rights that each class of shares was entitled to. The
fact that the Defendants’ shareholding was eventually increased through
Bermuda Trust raises a separate issue from the dilution of William Tay’s
shareholding through the issuance of bonus shares by the Companies to Bermuda
Trust.

43 As for the Janet Ho and Andrew Tay Transactions, I am not satisfied that
there was an obligation to disclose these transactions such that non-
disclosure of the same would render what was represented by the Defendants
misleading or false.

44 In the first place, there is no general obligation at law on a purchaser of
a company’s shares to inform the vendor during negotiations of other similar
transactions entered into by that purchaser. There is also no statutory
obligation on the Defendants to disclose such transactions to the Plaintiff
unless an application is made under s 83(1)(_b_) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap
20, 2009 Rev Ed) to summon them to be examined on oath on this matter before
the court, which was not done in this case.

45 Second, from the evidence, it is doubtful if these transactions should even
be used as a benchmark of the value of William Tay’s shares. Lum, the
Plaintiff’s officer who performed the valuation of William Tay’s shares at the
material time, testified that in valuing the shares of a bankrupt in a private
company, he would only consider the company’s audited accounts.[note: 62]
Leow, the Plaintiff’s expert witness, testified that in valuing William Tay’s
shares, he relied solely on the net tangible asset method and did not consider
the Janet Ho and Andrew Tay Transactions even though they had been brought to
his attention.[note: 63] Leow further stated that whether previous
transactions involving shares in a private company would be taken into account
depended on the circumstances of those previous transactions; in this case,
the circumstances of the Janet Ho and Andrew Tay Transactions differed from
those relating to the sale of William Tay’s shares because the Andrew Tay
Transaction involved a share swap whereas the Janet Ho Transaction arose out
of litigation.[note: 64] Moreover, I note that the Andrew Tay Transaction only
took place in March 2004, which was after the Plaintiff had accepted the
Defendants’ offer to purchase William Tay’s shares on 7 January 2004 and
executed the instruments of transfer of the shares on 6 February 2004. As of 7
January 2004, negotiations relating to the Andrew Tay Transaction were still
on-going.[note: 65]

46 Third, it is not even clear that the use of other transactions as a
benchmark would have affected the price at which the Plaintiff would sell the
shares. Andrew Tay’s sale of his SUTL Corporation shares was linked to an
earlier agreement with Rose Tay dated 9 December 2003 (_ie_ , two weeks before
Sam & Wijaya conveyed the Defendants’ counter-offer to the Plaintiff which the
Plaintiff accepted) pursuant to which Andrew Tay swapped his SUTL Holdings
shares for Rose Tay’s SUTL Corporation shares at a price of S$1.87 per SUTL
Corporation share and S$1.295 per SUTL Holdings share and if these prices were
applied to William Tay’s shares, the total valuation would have been
S$25,494.20 _lower_ than the Plaintiff’s internal valuation.[note: 66]

47 Finally, in respect of the Janet Ho Transaction, there was a
confidentiality clause (clause 5.2) in the deed of settlement between the
Companies and Janet Ho.[note: 67] While this deed of settlement binds only the
Companies, Lim conceded in cross-examination that in view of the
confidentiality clause, the Defendants were probably bound to maintain the
confidentiality of the Janet Ho Transaction as they were directors of the
Companies at the material time.[note: 68]

48 I turn next to the letter dated 23 December 2003 from Sam & Wijaya to the
Plaintiff stating that the prices proposed by the Plaintiff were “too high”.
This letter does not, in my view, constitute a false representation on the
part of the Defendants. The Plaintiff argues that this representation was
false and untrue as the prices proposed by the Plaintiff certainly cannot have
been said to be “too high”.[note: 69] However, this statement is a statement
of opinion, not fact. In any case, given that the sale and purchase of William
Tay’s shares was an arms’ length transaction (which is not disputed by the
Plaintiff),[note: 70] this statement appears to me to be nothing more than a
bargaining or negotiating tool, which cannot give rise to any
misrepresentation.[note: 71]

No reliance on the alleged misrepresentations

49 In any case, I also find that there was no reliance by the Plaintiff on the
alleged misrepresentations. The letter dated 23 December 2003 from Sam &
Wijaya which stated that the prices proposed by the Plaintiff were “too high”
can be disposed of summarily. On 3 January 2004, the Plaintiff’s Sunari had
instructed Jonathan in an internal memo to accept the Defendants’ revised
offer of S$832,000 in total for William Tay’s shares.[note: 72] In the course
of cross-examination, Sunari accepted that he had no knowledge of the letter
from Sam & Wijaya dated 23 December 2003 when he gave instructions to accept
the Defendants’ offer and thus he could not have relied on it to enter into
the transaction.[note: 73]

50 As for the alleged non-disclosures of the dilution of William Tay’s shares
and the Janet Ho and Andrew Tay Transactions, the burden of proof is on the
Plaintiff to show that it would have insisted on and sold William Tay’s shares
for a higher price had it known of the prior dilution of the said shares and
the Janet Ho and Andrew Tay Transactions. I was not satisfied, on a balance of
probabilities, that the Plaintiff would have sold William Tay’s shares at a
significantly higher price had it been apprised of these events.

51 As regards the dilution of his shares, I have indicated earlier that the
Plaintiff was provided with and did have sufficient information about this and
that this did not factor in any way in the Plaintiff’s decision to sell the
shares at the price counter-offered by the Defendants. So my analysis on
reliance is in fact one which is premised on a hypothetical situation where no
such disclosure was made. In this regard, while Lim maintained that with the
dilution of the said shares (and the Janet Ho and Andrew Tay Transactions),
the consideration paid for William Tay’s shares ought to have been higher than
what the Plaintiff sold them for,[note: 74] Lum, the Plaintiff’s valuation
officer whose internal valuation formed the basis of the Plaintiff’s key
decisions on the sale of the shares, testified that in valuing the shares of a
bankrupt person in a private company, he would only consider the audited
accounts of a company and would not look at any other documents or
transactions (see [45] above).

52 Lum’s testimony above also indicates that the Plaintiff was unlikely to
have acted differently even if the Janet Ho and Andrew Tay Transactions were
disclosed. Several other aspects of the evidence before me support such a
conclusion. First, as far as the Andrew Tay Transaction is concerned, the
Plaintiff can hardly have relied on this since it took place _after_ the
Plaintiff accepted the Defendants’ offer to purchase William Tay’s shares (see
[45] above). Second, as I observed earlier, Leow, the Plaintiff’s valuation
expert who testified at the trial, said that he did not consider these
transactions in arriving at his valuation of the Plaintiff’s shares even
though they had been brought to his attention. Third, the Plaintiff was likely
to have applied a substantial discount to the valuation of William Tay’s
shares in making or accepting an offer for the sale of the said shares. The
Plaintiff’s internal valuation for William Tay’s shares in SUTL Corporation
and SUTL Holdings based on the 2001 audited accounts was S$47,790.42 and
S$1,489,760.81 respectively,[note: 75] but on 4 October 2003, pursuant to
Sunari’s instructions on 2 October 2003, the Plaintiff made a counter-offer to
sell William Tay’s shares in SUTL Corporation and SUTL Holdings for S$40,000
and S$1m respectively.,.[note: 76] This was a “discount” of S$497,551.23 or
almost half a million dollars.[note: 77] Sunari gave evidence that his
decision on the quantum of the Plaintiff’s counter-offer was possibly based on
a mid-point between the Defendants’ initial offer (of S$23,895 for William
Tay’s shares in SUTL Corporation and S$744,885 for his shares in SUTL
Holdings) and the Plaintiff’s internal valuation; he did not make an offer
equivalent to the Plaintiff’s valuation because the bankrupt, William Tay, had
absconded and the concern was to raise some funds for the bankruptcy
estate.[note: 78] Sunari also testified that one of the probable reasons why,
on 3 January 2004, he instructed Jonathan to accept the Defendants’ revised
offer of S$32,000 and S$800,000 for William Tay’s shares in SUTL Corporation
and SUTL Holdings respectively was because he felt that this sum would be
sufficient to make a reasonable offer to William Tay’s creditors in order to
discharge his bankruptcy.[note: 79]

No fraud on the part of the Defendants

53 There was also insufficient evidence to show any fraudulent intent on the
part of the Defendants in making the alleged non-disclosures or
representations. The Plaintiff highlights the following e-mail dated 9 January
2004 sent by Tay Teng Joo to the rest of the Defendants and Chan Kum Tao (the
chief financial officer of the Companies):[note: 80]

We can all essentially buy into both William’s corp and holdings shares,
regardless of whether it is big or small amount. But if we wish to make things
simple, then Arthur buys the Corp shares only while the rest of us buys his
Holdings.

From an investment perspective, _it makes sense for all to buy both his shares
as it is sold at a discount to book value._

The other thing we need to consider is his dividend and proof of claims which
we submitted to OA and hope they accept. If they accept, then good for us so
we need not pay out so much since we are also considered a creditor. _On the
dividend, we are going to keep quiet about it for now and see if they are
sharp enough to raise this._

[emphasis added]

The Plaintiff argues that this e-mail from Tay Teng Joo shows the Defendants’
deliberate concealment of the dividends payable to William Tay, which reflects
their collective intention to conceal the Janet Ho and Andrew Tay Transactions
and the dilution of William Tay’s shares from the Plaintiff.[note: 81]
However, I agree with the Defendants that the issue of non-payment of the
dividends due to William Tay from the Companies is not the subject of the
Plaintiff’s claim in these proceedings[note: 82] and thus sheds little light
on whether or not the Defendants dishonestly concealed the dilution of William
Tay’s shares as well as the Janet Ho and Andrew Tay Transactions from the
Plaintiff. In any event, the Defendants could not have intended to conceal the
dividends from the Plaintiff because Sam & Wijaya had already written on 8 May
2003 to inform the Plaintiff of the dividends declared and due to William Tay
by the Companies (see [8] above). As for the statement that William Tay’s
shares were sold at a discount to book value, nothing turns on this because
even the Plaintiff’s counter-offer of 4 October 2003 was already significantly
lower than the valuation of the shares based on the 2001 audited accounts (see
[52] above).

54 Moreover, the Defendants’ internal communications indicate that in
determining the positions they would take _vis-à-vis_ the Plaintiff, they
valued William Tay’s shares in a similar fashion as the Plaintiff. In the wake
of the Plaintiff’s counter-offer dated 4 October 2003 of a total of
S$1,040,000 for the shares of both Companies, Chan Kum Tao sent an e-mail
dated 18 December 2003 to Tay Teng Joo, copied to Arthur Tay, stating as
follows: [note: 83]

I spoke to Arthur at lunch.

As agreed, Arthur will buy over [William Tay]’s 29,167 SUTL Corp shares (**_OA
offered S$40,000 vs book valuation of S$54,548_**)

Arthur is also interested in buying over [William Tay]’s SUTL Holding shares.
(He can later convert the Holding shares for Global shares as part of the
restructuring.) I understand you have asked the other shareholders if they
wish to buy back [William Tay’s] shares. To expedite this, I would suggest
that you send an eMail to ALL shareholders to get their written response
within a week. Details are as follows:

Number of SUTL Holding shares owned by [William Tay]: 1,125,469

**_Book valuation as at 31 Dec 2002: S$1,457,487_**

Offer made by OA: **_S$1,000,000_**

We propose counter offer to OA **_S$800,000_**

**_The final price would range from S$800,000 to S$1,000,000_**

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

From the above e-mail, it can be seen that as far as the internal bargaining
position of the Defendants was concerned, the Defendants had priced their
offers in a similar fashion as the Plaintiff, _ie_ , based solely on the book
value of the shares. While Chan Kum Tao had based his valuation on the book
value of the shares as at 31 December 2002 rather than the 2001 audited
accounts, his benchmarks of S$54,548 for the SUTL Corporation shares and
S$1,457,487 for the SUTL Holding shares were similar to (and, in the
aggregate, _lower_ than) the Plaintiff’s own valuation of S$47,790.42 for the
SUTL Corporation shares and S$1,489,760.81 for the SUTL Holdings shares. There
is thus no evidence that the Defendants had _intentionally_ misrepresented the
value of William Tay’s shares to the Plaintiff by concealing the dilution of
William Tay’s shares or the Janet Ho and Andrew Tay Transactions.

Issue 2: Did the Defendants conspire to injure the Plaintiff and/or William
Tay?

55 The tort of conspiracy comprises two types of conspiracy: (i) conspiracy by
unlawful means and (ii) conspiracy by lawful means. Conspiracy by unlawful
means is constituted when two or more persons combine to commit an unlawful
act with the intention of injuring or damaging the Plaintiff, and the act is
carried out and the intention achieved: see _Quah Kay Tee v Ong and Co Pte
Ltd_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 637 (“ _Quah_ ”) at [45]. In a conspiracy by lawful
means, there need not be an unlawful act committed, but there must be a
“predominant purpose” by all the conspirators to cause injury or damage to the
plaintiff, and the act must be carried out and the intention achieved. In
other words, for conspiracy by unlawful means, an intention (whether it is a
predominant or subsidiary intention) will suffice, but for conspiracy by
lawful means, the intention to injure must be a predominant intention: see
_Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 189 at
[115].

56 The essence of conspiracy is an agreement and a high degree of proof is
required to show the existence of an agreement in a conspiracy to defraud: see
_Seagate Technology Pte Ltd and another v Goh Han Kim_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 836 at
[15]. However, such an agreement need not be express but can be inferred from
the acts of the alleged conspirators. As Belinda Ang J stated in _The
“Dolphina”_ [2012] 1 SLR 992 at [264] (cited with approval by the Court of
Appeal in _Visionhealthone Corp Pte Ltd v HD Holdings Pte Ltd and others and
another appeal_ [2013] SGCA 47 at [46]), in practice direct evidence of a
combination is unlikely to be forthcoming and therefore proof of the agreement
or combination is usually gathered from the unlawful acts committed, for such
acts are often sufficient (when taken with any relevant surrounding
circumstances) to justify the inference that their commission was the product
of concert between the alleged conspirators.

The Plaintiff’s pleaded case on conspiracy

57 As mentioned above, the Plaintiff bases its arguments on unlawful and
lawful conspiracy in the alternative. The Plaintiff states that this has been
pleaded in its statement of claim (at paras 23 and 39) as follows:[note: 84]

23.In or around May 2012, the Plaintiff also discovered facts which show that
**_the 1st to 7th Defendants had conspired and combined together wrongfully
and with the sole or predominant intention of injuring and/or defrauding the
Bankrupt and/or the Plaintiff, by diluting the Bankrupt’s (and consequently
the Plaintiff’s) shareholding in SUTL Corporation._** In April 2013, the 1st
to 7th Defendants provided discovery of documents that showed that **_the 1st
and 7th Defendants had, in a similar fashion, diluted the Bankrupt (and
consequently the Plaintiff’s) shareholding in SUTL Holdings._** The value of
the Bankrupt’s shares would have been much higher if not for the 1st to 7th
Defendants’ actions, which were pursuant to and in furtherance of the said
conspiracy.

…

_Conspiracy to Injure/Defraud_

39. **_The Plaintiff repeats paragraphs 23 to 35 above._** Further and in the alternative, as a result of **_the 1st to 7th Defendants’ conspiracy to injure and/or defraud the Bankrupt and/or the Plaintiff_** , the Bankrupt and/or the Plaintiff has suffered loss and damage.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The “paragraphs 23 to 35” in the Plaintiff’s statement of claim referred to
above describe the dilution of William Tay’s shares as well as the subsequent
dismantling of the Trust and the distribution of the bonus shares to the
Defendants. However, the Defendants argue that the Plaintiff’s pleaded case
only covers a conspiracy by lawful means to injure the Plaintiff or William
Tay; the Plaintiff has not pleaded a conspiracy by unlawful means.[note: 85]
Moreover, the Defendants say that the Plaintiff’s pleaded case as far as
allegations of conspiracy are concerned only extends to the dilution of
William Tay’s shares; the Plaintiff has not pleaded that the Defendants had
conspired to injure William Tay by excluding him as a beneficiary under the
Trust.[note: 86]

58 In my judgment, the Plaintiff has adequately pleaded an unlawful conspiracy
as an alternative to lawful conspiracy, but this only extends to the dilution
of William Tay’s shares. In reaching this conclusion, I had regard to the
fundamental principle that each party has to state precisely what its case is
in order to notify the court and the other party of the issues in dispute and
avoid the element of surprise at trial: see _Banner Investments Pte Ltd v Hoe
Seng Metal Fabrication & Engineers (S) Pte Ltd_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 244 at [8]. As
seen above (at [57]), the statement of claim alleges that the Defendants had
conspired and combined together “wrongfully” to “defraud” William Tay and/or
the Plaintiff. It is thus clear that fraud was the unlawful means alleged by
the Plaintiff, despite the fact that the phrase “sole or predominant
intention” is also found in that part of the pleadings.

59 However, with regard to the Plaintiff’s assertion that its pleaded case on
conspiracy extends to the Defendants’ deliberate exclusion of William Tay as a
beneficiary of the Trust and the distribution of the bonus shares by the Trust
to the Defendants, I am unable to accept that this was adequately pleaded.
Significantly, para 23 of the statement of claim (quoted above at [57]) only
articulates a conspiracy by diluting William Tay’s (and consequently the
Plaintiff’s) shareholding in the Companies. The fact that the first sentence
of para 39 of the statement of claim “repeats paragraphs 23 to 35 above” does
not assist the Plaintiff because all that is contained in those paragraphs is
a descriptive account of the establishment and dismantling of the Trust
between 2000 and 2002. While the next sentence of para 39 refers to “the 1st
to 7th Defendants’ conspiracy to injure and/or defraud the Bankrupt and/or the
Plaintiff”, this is only a general allusion and it is not apparent that it
refers to anything more than the conspiracy to injure or defraud by diluting
William Tay’s shares which was pleaded earlier in para 23. In any event, that
reference would appear to be made for the purposes of pleading the loss and
damage suffered by the Plaintiff as a consequence of the said conspiracy.

No fraudulent concealment or unlawful act

60 Having considered the parties’ arguments and the evidence before me, I am
unable to find that the Defendants had concealed, let alone fraudulently
concealed, the dilution of William Tay’s shares from William Tay and/or the
Plaintiff. The circulars dated 10 May 2000 in respect of the 7 June 2000 EGMs
set out the proposed amendments to increase the authorised capital of the
Companies and to remove the voting rights of existing class “A” and “B” shares
(see [14] above). These circulars as well as the notices of EGM were sent to
William Tay by registered post at his stated address in the register of
members of each of the Companies at that time, which was 24 Jalan
Seaview.[note: 87] William Tay, however, maintained that he never received
these documents; in fact, he said that he had not seen them until he was
cross-examined on them.[note: 88]

61 A search conducted by the Plaintiff in the Registry of Companies and
Businesses a few months later on 24 November 2000 showed that William Tay’s
address was “453 Upper East Coast Road” and that this change had been effected
on 28 January 2000, _ie_ , several months before the EGM circulars and notices
were sent out.[note: 89] The Plaintiff thus submitted that the Defendants had
made calculated efforts to prevent the circulars and notices of EGM from being
received by William Tay, and also that the Companies had breached their
respective memorandum and articles of association by not sending the circulars
and notices to William Tay’s “registered address”,[note: 90] as required by
article 110 of the articles of association of both Companies.

62 I was not persuaded by these arguments. In the first place, there was no
evidence that the Defendants knew that William Tay’s address recorded in the
registers of members of the Companies was incorrect. Second, Juliana, who had
been in charge of sending out the circulars and notices of EGM to the
shareholders, testified that the proper procedure was for the circulars and
notices to be sent to the address stated on the register of members and that
the corporate secretarial agent would not be responsible to look for the
updated addresses of all shareholders in the records of the Registry of
Companies and Businesses.[note: 91] I am, in any event, of the view that the
sending of the notices by the Companies was in compliance with art 110 of
their respective articles of association[note: 92]. The “registered address”
of a member in art 110 is likely to refer to that recorded in the register of
members which each company is required to maintain under s 190(1) of the
Companies Act and which must contain _inter alia_ the names and addresses of
the members. I also note that while the memoranda and articles of association
of the Companies did not specifically state whether “registered address”
referred to the address found in the register of members or the Registry of
Companies and Businesses, the articles of association of SUTL Corporation
defined “the register” as the register of members to be kept pursuant to s 158
(since repealed and now found as s 190) of the Companies Act.[note: 93]
William Tay’s evidence was that he never gave notice to the Companies of his
change of address from 24 Jalan Seaview in their registers of members.[note:
94] I should add that even if art 110 referred to the address recorded in the
Registry of Companies and Businesses, there is no evidence that the Companies
and/or the Defendants had made anything more than a genuine mistake in this
regard.

63 I also note that there was a significant period of about four weeks between
the time the circulars and notices were sent out on 10 May 2000 and the 7 June
2000 EGMs. It was not as though the Defendants had rushed through the
resolutions in a surreptitious manner.

64 Even if I consider events beyond the dilution of William Tay’s shares, _ie_
, the non-disclosure of the beneficiaries of the Trust (although this has not
been adequately pleaded as part of the conspiracy), there is also no evidence
the Defendants had fraudulently concealed the existence of the Trust or the
identity of its beneficiaries. The circulars dated 10 May 2000 openly referred
to “[t]he Trust set up by Mr Tay Choon Hye” and also highlighted the
importance of the 7 June 2000 EGMs.[note: 95] Juliana also briefed the
attendees at the 7 June 2000 EGMs about the setting-up of the Trust and the
consequential effect of the resolutions on the shareholders,[note: 96] and her
briefing appeared to cover who the beneficiaries of the Trust were.[note: 97]
The attendees at the EGMs included non-beneficiaries such as Janet Ho who
could have asked for details of the Trust. Moreover, as far as the Plaintiff
is concerned, Lim accepted in cross-examination that the Plaintiff could have
obtained the notices of resolutions passed at the 7 June and 17 June 2000 EGMs
from the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority.[note: 98]

65 The Plaintiff’s argument that the unlawful means was constituted by the
Defendants’ oppression of William Tay’s minority interest in breach of s 216
of the Companies Act is untenable. The Plaintiff contended in its closing and
reply submissions that counsel for the Defendants had “conceded that William
Tay would have had a more than sustainable claim in minority oppression”
during the cross-examination of Lim, citing the following exchange:[note: 99]

QMr Lim, what you are suggesting to me doesn’t sound to me like a conspiracy.
You know what it---

ANo, it is a conspiracy.

QLet me finish, please. One person at a time. What you are suggesting to me
doesn’t like a---sound like a conspiracy. **_What you are suggesting to me
sounds like a case, right, or a claim for minority oppression._** Right?
Because William Tay was excluded, William Tay was not involved by the father,
what you seem to be suggesting is a case for minority oppression of a
shareholder, not a conspiracy, because all the shareholders agreed with the---
agreed to do what the father asked them to do.

ANo, it could also amount to a conspiracy to injure.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

However, I do not think that counsel for the Defendants was conceding that
William Tay had a sustainable claim for minority oppression against the
Defendants. In fact, the subsequent line of questioning revealed that counsel
for the Defendants was simply trying to establish that before the present suit
was filed by the Plaintiff and (initially) William Tay, William Tay’s
position, as communicated through his previous solicitors, was _not_ that
there was a conspiracy against him:

QDo you see anywhere in this very early document, right, that TSMP Law
Corporation on behalf of William Tay alleging a conspiracy? No, do you see it?
Yes or no?

AIt’s not stated in this letter, yes.

…

QOkay. Now, do you agree that what TSMP was proposing or asking for a sanction
in 2008, right, was for a section 216 minority oppression action to be
brought? That’s why they were seeking a sanction.

…

QBut what I’m trying to establish here is that firstly---

…

QFirstly, right, until this action, right, the previous position taken by
William Tay to his solicitors was not that there was a conspiracy. Am I right?

More importantly, the Plaintiff cannot now rely on the Defendants’ alleged
breach of s 216 of the Companies Act to establish an unlawful act for the
purposes of an unlawful conspiracy when they have not pleaded this at all.

66 There being no evidence of any fraudulent concealment or unlawful act
perpetrated by the Defendants, the Plaintiff’s case on conspiracy by unlawful
means fails.

No predominant purpose to injure the Plaintiff and/or William Tay

67 I turn next to whether there was a predominant purpose on the part of the
Defendants to cause injury to the Plaintiff and/or William Tay by diluting
William Tay’s shares. The requirement of a “predominant purpose” is necessary
to establish a conspiracy by lawful means and must be distinguished from the
concept of “intention”. The following analogy was used to illuminate this
distinction in the Court of Appeal decision of _Quah_ (see [55] above) at
[49]:

… To use an analogy, if a thief breaks a window to enter a room, the
_predominant purpose_ , which is also synonymous with the _motive_ or _object_
, is to steal. His predominant purpose, however, is not to break the window,
although he must have _intended_ to break it so as to achieve his main
purpose. Thus, a predominant purpose is not the same as intention … [emphasis
in original]

68 In _Quah_ , the plaintiff had obtained an interim injunction against a
debtor restraining him from disposing or dealing with his assets. The debtor
subsequently transferred certain shares to the defendant, his father, and the
plaintiff sued the defendant for damages or alternatively for an order that
the share transfer be avoided. The Court of Appeal held that the claim for a
conspiracy by lawful means could not succeed because the purpose of the share
transfer was really to preserve the integrity of the family company or to
protect the debtor’s assets, rather than to injure the plaintiff financially:
see _Quah_ at [50]. Although one of the ramifications of the debtor’s actions
was to deprive the plaintiff of its recovery of the debt, and the debtor and
the defendant must have intended that, such an intention was not the same as a
predominant purpose to injure the plaintiff: see _ibid_.

69 Similarly, in this case, I find that the predominant purpose of the
restructuring of the Companies in 2000 was succession and tax planning and not
to injure the Plaintiff. The restructuring exercise was planned and driven by
Tay Choon Hye, on the advice of tax professionals from Arthur Andersen such as
Juliana and Choo. Juliana testified as follows:[note: 100]

The objective [of the restructuring] was, er, the late Mr Tay’s concern
regarding succession planning and estate duty, erm, and his concern was that
should the shares be distributed upon his, er, demise, er, the---his business
… would not be able to continue. Erm, and therefore my strategy was to move
the ownership, er, the---the beneficial interest, the ownership, of the
shareholders or … of the family members up to become beneficiaries of a trust.

With regard to tax planning, Juliana explained that the objective was to
minimise the amount of estate duty payable upon Tay Choon Hye’s death by
divesting Tay Choon Hye of his beneficial interest in the Companies in two
steps: first, Tay Choon Hye’s shares in the Companies would be diluted and
second, his shares (with the exception of the class “D” shares which
constituted an insignificant shareholding and were not entitled to dividends)
would be transferred by way of gift to the Trust, in which he held neither a
legal nor beneficial interest.[note: 101] This plan also required Tay Choon
Hye to survive for 5 years after the establishment of the Trust, according to
the law on estate duty at that time. As for the objective of succession
planning, Tay Choon Hye’s concern was to retain control over the Companies and
ensure proper management of the Companies’ affairs. Before the restructuring,
Tay Choon Hye’s children were already shareholders in the Companies and had
shareholder rights. Juliana thus explained that the purpose of the
restructuring of the Companies in 2000 was to separate ownership of the shares
from management by removing voting rights from most classes of shares in the
Companies and “moving” ownership of a majority of the Companies’ shares to the
Trust.[note: 102] At the end of the restructuring, SUTL Holdings would be the
only shareholder with voting rights in SUTL Corporation, whereas Tay Choon Hye
would retain the majority of voting rights in SUTL Holdings through his ten
class “D” shares (see [15] above).[note: 103] Those class “D” shares would
presumably be transferred or bequeathed to the person or persons who were his
chosen successors to run the Companies.

70 Juliana’s testimony above was not challenged by the Plaintiff. In fact, the
Plaintiff does not dispute that the purpose of the restructuring exercise was
estate and succession planning, or that Tay Choon Hye and the Defendants acted
under the advice of professionals.[note: 104] Nor is it disputed that the
resolutions passed at the 7 June 2000 and 17 June 2000 EGMs had the effect of
diluting the shareholdings of all the existing shareholders, including the
Defendants.[note: 105]

71 While the Plaintiff has alleged that Tay Choon Hye suffered from poor
health and mental capacity when the restructuring exercise took place,[note:
106] I am unable to find, on a balance of probabilities, that the relevant
decisions he made were affected by any form of physical or mental impairment.
First, there were no medical reports or any documents to that effect. Second,
the evidence, even from William Tay and Rose Tay, was that Tay Choon Hye was
not in good health and not that he did not have the mental faculties to make
the decisions which he did. Third, and in any event, this was contradicted by
the evidence of more reliable witnesses such as Tay Choon Hye’s tax advisor,
Choo.[note: 107] The Plaintiff has also not challenged the validity of Tay
Choon Hye’s last will dated 20 September 1997 under which William Tay was
excluded as a beneficiary.[note: 108] The significance of Tay Choon Hye’s last
will is that the beneficiaries of the Trust were derived from the
beneficiaries in the will, as Juliana stated in cross-examination:[note: 109]

… [Tay Choon Hye] instructed me … in developing the trust, in---in creating
the trust. He wanted to follow the beneficiaries under his will and he gave me
a copy of his will and I just followed it, er, exactly as provided in the
will. …

72 However, the Plaintiff’s position is that the fact that the restructuring
exercise was initiated by Tay Choon Hye for the purposes of estate and
succession planning is not relevant to the Plaintiff’s case.[note: 110] This
is because it does not detract from the fact that “the Defendants had agreed
to execute the restructuring exercise, knowing full well the circumstances and
consequences of the restructuring exercise on William Tay’s shareholding” and
“[t]herefore, the Defendants’ assertions that they had acted under the late Mr
Tay’s instructions cannot prevent the Court from finding an agreement to
injure and/or defraud William Tay”.[note: 111]

73 As regards the allegation that there was an agreement to defraud William
Tay, I have found earlier that the Defendants did not fraudulently conceal the
circulars dated 10 May 2000, the notices of EGM of the Companies, or the
identity of the beneficiaries of the Trust. As for the alleged agreement to
injure him, I have noted earlier at [67] that the Court of Appeal in _Quah_
drew a distinction between intent and purpose. The fact that the Defendants
knew that William Tay’s shareholding would be diluted by their actions and
intended that such dilution take place is insufficient to found a claim of
lawful conspiracy to injure him unless it can be said that this was done with
the predominant purpose of injuring him. Such a finding is not borne out by
the evidence in this case.

74 First, there is no evidence that the Defendants voted in favour of
resolution for reasons other to give effect to the restructuring of the
Companies proposed by Tay Choon Hye, which in turn was for estate and
succession planning purposes.

75 Second, most of the witnesses who personally knew Tay Choon Hye, including
William Tay and Andrew Tay, testified that he was strong-willed and demanded
undivided loyalty and obedience from his children. Juliana’s account of the
EGMs, in which she recalled Tay Choon Hye admonishing all the shareholders and
the latter keeping silent and avoiding his gaze, was not challenged or
contradicted.[note: 112] In these circumstances, it is likely that the
Defendants would have gone along with the restructuring exercise out of
obedience to the family’s patriarch. In any event, before the 7 June 2000 and
17 June 2000 EGMs, Tay Choon Hye was, in effect, the majority shareholder of
the Companies and could have passed the resolutions at the EGMs even if the
Defendants had objected.

76 Third, it is unlikely that the Defendants can be said to have conspired to
dilute William Tay’s shareholding relative to their own shareholding. The
evidence indicates that the earliest point in time when _all_ the Defendants
were informed of the identity of the beneficiaries was at the 7 June 2000
EGMs.[note: 113] There is no evidence that before 7 June 2000, the common
knowledge of all the Defendants extended beyond the fact that each of their
shareholdings in the Companies would, just like William Tay’s, be
significantly diluted by the proposed resolutions. In any event, the trustees
of the Trust, which was a discretionary trust, had powers of addition and
removal of beneficiaries and it was thus possible for the Trust to
subsequently include or exclude any particular beneficiary, including the
Defendants, on the wishes of Tay Choon Hye.[note: 114]

77 I am therefore unable to find that the Defendants, in voting in favour of
the resolutions at the 7 June 2000 EGMs, had done so with the predominant
purpose of injuring William Tay. While the Plaintiff made an issue out of Tay
Teng Joo’s e-mail to _inter alia_ the Defendants dated 12 January 2004 which
stated that “[i]f we can solve and get [Janet Ho], [Andrew Tay] and [William
Tay] out of the group, this will be a big accomplishment into this new
year”,[note: 115] this e-mail was sent in 2004 and is thus of limited
probative value in so far as it is relied upon to show the motives of the
Defendants in June 2000. Moreover, as explained by Tay Teng Joo in his
affidavit, when he wrote this e-mail in 2004, Janet Ho, Andrew Tay and William
Tay (through the Plaintiff) had already indicated their intention to sell
their shares in the Companies.[note: 116] In fact, this was nearly a year
after the deed of settlement of the law suits involving Janet Ho was signed
and the transfer of her shares was agreed upon.

78 Even if I consider the subsequent dismantling of the Trust and the
distribution of the shares to the Defendants in 2002 as part of the
Plaintiff’s pleaded case on conspiracy, these events do not reveal any
predominant purpose on the part of the Defendants to injure William Tay and/or
the Plaintiff. It is not disputed that the dismantling of the Trust was
triggered by objections from the Singapore Land Authority in 2001 to Bermuda
Trust, a foreign company, holding shares in the Companies which in turn held
residential property in Singapore that were subject to foreign ownership
restrictions. In a letter dated 11 July 2001, the Singapore Land Authority
informed the Companies that they had contravened a condition in the clearance
certificates issued to the Companies under the Residential Property Act, which
stipulated that all shareholders had to be Singapore citizens and/or certified
Singapore companies granted clearance under s 10 of the said
legislation.[note: 117] Arthur Andersen, on behalf of the Companies, responded
with a number of proposals to resolve the matter, including a proposal to
appoint another approved Singapore registered trust company to take over
trusteeship of the shares in the Companies from Bermuda Trust.[note: 118] The
Singapore Land Authority replied to Arthur Andersen, stating that it had no
objections to this proposal, provided that the new trust company was a cleared
“Singapore company” pursuant to s 10 of the legislation and that the new trust
company must comply with s 10 “in that the company must amend its Memorandum
and Articles of Association to provide that only Singapore citizens and
cleared Singapore companies shall be directors and/or members of the
company”.[note: 119] Eventually, this proposal was not carried out and the
Trust was dismantled. Choo testified that this was probably because Juliana
and her team, who were handling this problem, had difficulty finding an
approved Singapore trust company that fulfilled all of the Singapore Land
Authority’s requirements; Choo also said that he was not aware of any such
company that would have been able to administer the Trust at that time.[note:
120] Choo’s evidence, which was not challenged in cross-examination, was that
he was the one who had broached the option of dismantling the Trust with Tay
Choon Hye in about late 2001.[note: 121] According to Choo, Tay Choon Hye
later approved the plan to dismantle the Trust and restructure the Companies
again.[note: 122]

79 The Plaintiff argues that the Defendants were the ones in control of the
allotment of the class “C” bonus shares in the Companies to Bermuda Trust and
the direction to distribute the bonus shares to themselves, as seen from the
deed of distribution dated 29 April 2002 and the fact that the proportion of
shares distributed differed from that stated in Tay Choon Hye’s letter of
wishes dated 27 March 2002. However, there is nothing to this point. In the
first place, as at 7 June 2000, Tay Choon Hye was, in effect, the majority
shareholder in the Companies and could have passed the resolutions
restructuring the various classes of shares, altering their voting rights and
allotting shares to Bermuda Trust at the 7 June 2000 EGMs even if the
Defendants had objected. The Defendants were also not in control of the
allotment of the class “C” bonus shares to Bermuda Trust at the 17 June 2000
EGMs since they no longer had any voting rights in the Companies after the 7
June 2000 EGMs. Secondly, preambular paragraph (F) of the deed of distribution
and indemnity that was executed on 29 April 2002 shows that after Bermuda
Trust as Trustee had resolved to exercise its powers under the Trust to
distribute the property, all the beneficiaries agreed that the property should
instead be distributed among themselves in different proportions from that set
out by Tay Choon Hye in his letter of wishes.[note: 123] In my judgment, they
were entitled to do so and I am unable to see how their actions had anything
to do with injuring William Tay. In any event, the eventual distribution did
not vary significantly from the proportions stated in the letter of
wishes.[note: 124]

80 Contrary to the Plaintiff’s assertions, this was also not a case where “the
loss caused to William Tay was the ‘obverse side of the coin’ from the gain
enjoyed by the Defendants” where the purpose of the Defendants to profit
themselves by increasing their percentage shareholdings in the Companies was
just as much a predominant purpose to injure William Tay and/or the Plaintiff:
see _Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and others and other
appeals_ [2013] 1 SLR 374 at [63].[note: 125] It has already been established
that the Plaintiff’s pleaded case only extends to the dilution of William
Tay’s shares. In any case, the circumstances indicated that the predominant
purposes of the restructuring exercise in 2000 were succession planning and to
minimise the amount of estate duty payable in the event of Tay Choon Hye’s
death. There was no evidence of any intention at that time to dismantle the
Trust and distribute the proceeds to the Defendants to the exclusion of
William Tay. First, the dismantling of the Trust was brought about by
unforeseen circumstances which had nothing to do with either enriching
themselves or injuring William Tay. Second, injury to William Tay in the form
of the dilution of his percentage shareholding in the Companies is not
necessarily linked to the increase in the Defendants’ shareholding, which came
about because of the distribution of shares by the Trust to its beneficiaries.
Prior to its being dismantled, the Trust was a discretionary trust to which
beneficiaries could be added or removed on the wishes of the settlor. None of
the Defendants had a right to be or remain a beneficiary of the Trust and
conversely, William Tay could also have been added as a beneficiary on Tay
Choon Hye’s wishes.

Conclusion

81 In the light of the above analysis, the Plaintiff’s claims based on
fraudulent misrepresentation and conspiracy fail _in limine_. It is thus
unnecessary to consider the Defendants’ argument that the Plaintiff’s causes
of action for misrepresentation and conspiracy are time-barred under the
Limitation Act. The Plaintiff’s claim is dismissed and the parties are to
agree on costs within seven days failing which I will hear them on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]6ABD 1616.

[note: 2]SDB 30.

[note: 3]2ABD 604, 605.

[note: 4]2ABD 629.

[note: 5]2ABD 630.

[note: 6]4ABD 1113, 1114.

[note: 7]4ABD 1117.

[note: 8]Transcript dated 5 July 2013, p 46.

[note: 9]4ABD 1118, 1119.

[note: 10]4ABD 1120.

[note: 11]4ABD 1122.

[note: 12]4ABD 1134, 1135.

[note: 13]PBD 319–322.

[note: 14]4ABD 1224.

[note: 15]5ABD 1258.

[note: 16]5ABD 1330.

[note: 17]5ABD 1341–1354.

[note: 18]2ABD 329.

[note: 19]2ABD 360.

[note: 20]2ABD 362–375, 376–387.

[note: 21]2ABD 394–402, 412–416.

[note: 22]2ABD 458.

[note: 23]2ABD 460.

[note: 24]2ABD 466–468.

[note: 25]2ABD 471–477.

[note: 26]2ABD 365, 379.

[note: 27]1ABD 241, 249.

[note: 28]2ABD 591, 598.

[note: 29]2ABD 603.

[note: 30]2DBD 1.

[note: 31]2DBD 56.

[note: 32]3ABD 889–895.

[note: 33]3ABD 896–902.

[note: 34]4ABD 1086–1092.

[note: 35]5ABD 1356–1367 .

[note: 36]Transcript dated 3 July 2013 at pp 71–72.

[note: 37]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 83.

[note: 38]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 169 and 248.

[note: 39]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 190.

[note: 40]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 24–25.

[note: 41]PW3 AEIC at para 23.

[note: 42]Transcript dated 10 July 2013 at pp 32–41, 105.

[note: 43]D6 at p 50; Transcript dated 10 July 2013 at pp 54–57.

[note: 44]Transcript dated 16 July 2013 at pp 106–107.

[note: 45]PW8 AEIC at pp 12–26, 28–36.

[note: 46]PW8 AEIC at p 35; 2ABD 401; 2ABD 418.

[note: 47]Transcript dated 16 July 2013 at pp 107–110; PW8 AEIC at paras
14–15.

[note: 48]Transcript dated 17 July 2013 at pp 17, 30.

[note: 49]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 146–152; Plaintiff’s Reply
Submissions at para 27.

[note: 50]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 142–143.

[note: 51]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 60.

[note: 52]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 34.

[note: 53]Transcript dated 3 July 2013 at p 63.

[note: 54]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 44.

[note: 55]3ABD 652, 697.

[note: 56]P1.

[note: 57]4ABD 1133.

[note: 58]Transcript dated 25 July 2013 at pp 24–25.

[note: 59]Transcript dated 25 July 2013 at pp 24, 27.

[note: 60]Transcript dated 12 July 2013 at p 54.

[note: 61]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 46.

[note: 62]Transcript dated 12 July 2013 at 67–68.

[note: 63]Transcript dated 17 July 2013 at p 35.

[note: 64]Transcript dated 17 July 2013 at pp 103–105.

[note: 65]Transcript dated 3 July 2013 at p 122.

[note: 66]Transcript dated 12 July 2013 at pp 101–106.

[note: 67]4ABD 1090.

[note: 68]Transcript dated 4 July 2013 at pp 30, 32, 33.

[note: 69]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 56.

[note: 70]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 63.

[note: 71]Defendants’ Reply Submissions at para 29.

[note: 72]4ABD 1223; Transcript dated 16 July 2013 at p 13.

[note: 73]Transcript dated 16 July 2013 at pp 14–15.

[note: 74]Transcript dated 3 July 2013 at pp 78, 120; Transcript dated 4 July
2013 at p 48.

[note: 75]4ABD 1223.

[note: 76]4ABD 1223–1224.

[note: 77]Transcript dated 16 July 2013 at p 10.

[note: 78]Transcript dated 16 July 2013 at pp 6–8.

[note: 79]Transcript dated 16 July at pp 17–18.

[note: 80]5ABD 1332; Transcript dated 24 July 2013 at pp 94, 155; Transcript
dated 25 July 2013 at p 89.

[note: 81]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 53–54.

[note: 82]Defendants’ Reply Submissions at para 27.

[note: 83]5ABD 1251.

[note: 84]Setting Down Bundle at pp 39, 49; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at
para 83.

[note: 85]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 248.

[note: 86]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 169.

[note: 87]1ABD 157–158; Transcript dated 23 July 2013 at p 53.

[note: 88]Transcript dated 10 July 2013 at p 48.

[note: 89]P1 at p 3.

[note: 90]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 108, 112, 115; 1ABD 87,
129.

[note: 91]Transcript dated 23 July 2013 at pp 47–48.

[note: 92]4ABD 1188, 1219.

[note: 93]1ABD 73.

[note: 94]Transcript dated 10 July 2013 at p 47.

[note: 95]2ABD 363–364.

[note: 96]Transcript dated 23 July 2013 at p 41.

[note: 97]Transcript dated 25 July 2013 at pp 77, 102.

[note: 98]Transcript dated 4 July 2013 at pp 50–54.

[note: 99]Transcript dated 4 July 2013 at p 124.

[note: 100]Transcript dated 23 July 2013 at p 66.

[note: 101]Transcript dated 23 July 2013 at p 72.

[note: 102]Transcript dated 23 July 2013 at p 73.

[note: 103]Transcript dated 23 July 2013 at pp 73–74.

[note: 104]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 91–92.

[note: 105]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 131.

[note: 106]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 183–186.

[note: 107]Transcript dated 25 July 2013 at p 108.

[note: 108]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 212; Plaintiff’s Reply
Submissions at para 98; 1DBD 13.

[note: 109]Transcript dated 23 July 2013 at p 29.

[note: 110]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 114, 124.

[note: 111]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 93.

[note: 112]DW2 AEIC at para 25.

[note: 113]Transcript dated 25 July 2013 at pp 73, 102.

[note: 114]Transcript dated 23 July 2013 at p 57.

[note: 115]5ABD 1335; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 94(f), 97.

[note: 116]DW5 AEIC at para 15.

[note: 117]3ABD 631–632.

[note: 118]3ABD 634.

[note: 119]3ABD 635–636.

[note: 120]Transcript dated 25 July 2013 at pp 110, 115.

[note: 121]DW6 AEIC at para 18.

[note: 122]Transcript dated 25 July 2013 at pp 113, 118

[note: 123]3ABD 722.

[note: 124]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 96(c); 3ABD 721; 2DBD 56.

[note: 125]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 117.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

