Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Zhu Yong Zhen _v_ AIA Singapore Pte Ltd and another  
[2013] SGHC 37

Case Number| :| Suit No 515 of 2009/Z  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 February 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The plaintiff in person; Adrian Wong Soon Peng and Chow
Chao Wu Jansen (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the first defendant.  
Parties| :|  Zhu Yong Zhen — AIA Singapore Pte Ltd and another  
  
15 February 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

1 The 1st Defendant (“AIA”) is an insurance company and the Plaintiff (“Mdm
Zhu”) a policyholder with AIA. Mdm Zhu brought this suit against AIA for
breach of contract. AIA counterclaimed for defamation relating to statements
made on an internet blog set up by Mdm Zhu. Mdm Zhu’s claim against the 2nd
Defendant was previously struck out and is no longer relevant to this dispute.

2 Three discrete issues arise for my decision. First, the correct
interpretation of Mdm Zhu’s insurance policy, _viz_ , whether it was a term of
the policy that annual premiums would only have to be paid for a specified
number of years, up to a cut-off date known as the “Critical Year”. Second,
whether AIA had in breach of contract caused Mdm Zhu’s insurance coverage to
lapse. Third, whether AIA’s claim for defamation is established and, if so,
whether Mdm Zhu’s defence of justification is borne out. Unfortunately,
perhaps owing to Mdm Zhu’s lack of representation, there was a proliferation
of irrelevant issues in submissions and at trial, resulting in rather prolix
proceedings.

The background to the dispute

3 On or about 29 April 1993, Mdm Zhu met an AIA insurance agent named Oscar
Huang. Mr Huang utilised a document to aid in advising Mdm Zhu about a product
known as the Singapore Financial Guardian (“SFG”) policy.[note: 1] AIA refers
to this document as the Policy Benefit Illustration (“PBI”), while Mdm Zhu
names it the Original Policy Quotation (“OPQ”). AIA’s terminology will be
adopted and the document referred to as the “PBI” in this judgment.

4 The PBI comprised a table setting out projected annual policy values for a
woman of Mdm Zhu’s age at the material time then with an insured sum of
$100,000.00. Of general interest to many potential clients are the columns
headed “Death Benefit” and “Total CSV Available”. Of greater relevance to this
dispute are the columns headed “Premium Paid by Assured”, “Premium Paid from
CD Accumulation”, “Current Year Dividend” and “Balance CD”. The acronyms “CSV”
and “CD” are not defined, but refer to “cash surrender value” and “current
year dividends” respectively. The cash surrender value is the amount of money
that a policyholder would receive on terminating the policy in a given year.
The current year dividends are the monies paid to the policyholder annually
out of the profits of the fund of paid-up premiums.

5 At the heart of this dispute are the words “Critical Year: 16”. The PBI does
not explain what “Critical Year” means. However, the table described above
indicates that the annual premium of $2,091.50 would be paid by the
policyholder for the first 16 years. Thereafter, this sum would instead be
paid out of the accumulated dividends. This is evidenced by the values under
the column “Balance CD”. For the first 16 years, the figure reflected under
that column is the accumulated dividends as of the previous year, with the
addition of 7% p.a. interest and the current year dividend. For the 17th and
subsequent years, the annual premium is deducted from the “Balance CD” value
for the year. It can be surmised that the Critical Year refers to the last
year that a policyholder would have to pay the premium out of her own pocket.
It is Mdm Zhu’s contention that the Critical Year is a fixed feature of her
policy and that she would not under _any_ circumstances have to pay the 17th
and subsequent annual premiums.

6 Also relevant are the following notes at the bottom of the PBI:

(1) THE DIVIDENDS ARE BASED ON CURRENT SCALE. FUTURE DIVIDENDS ARE NOT
GUARANTEED.

(2) .....

(3) THE INTEREST RATE USED IN COLUMN (4) [BALANCE CD] FOR ACCUMULATED [SIC] IS
7%. THIS RATE IS NOT GUARANTEED AND IS USED FOR ILLUSTRATION PURPOSES ONLY.

7 On 3 May 1993, Mdm Zhu completed and signed a policy application form for an
SFG policy with a sum insured of $200,000.00 and handed Mr Huang the annual
policy premium of $3,883.00.[note: 2] The date of the application form was
later changed from 3 May 1993 to 14 May 1993 as Mr Huang only became an AIA
insurance agent officially on the latter date. The policy was also backdated
to 23 March 1993 to give Mdm Zhu the benefit of a lower premium as her
birthday was the day after (_viz_ , 24 March).

8 The policy application form comprised a questionnaire on the applicant’s
personal and health details as well as the identity of the policy applied for.
Of note are the following declarations included in the form:

A No statement, information or agreement made or given by or to the person
soliciting or taking this application or by or to any other persons shall be
binding on the Company unless reduced to writing, and then if presented to and
approved by an officer specified in the policy.

C Any insurance herein applied for shall not take effect unless and until the
relevant policy is/are issued and delivered to me on this application and the
first premium thereon actually paid in full during my lifetime and good health
...

D All my declarations herein made, and my statements or answers in this
application and in any required medical examination, questionnaire or
amendments together with the relevant policy shall constitute the entire
contract between the parties thereto in so far as it may be relevant to the
policy or policies I have requested.

9 AIA approved the application on 17 May 1993 and a policy booklet setting out
the terms of the insurance contract was delivered to her by Mr Huang on 19 May
1993.[note: 3] The preceding facts set the stage for the contractual dispute
between the parties. Subsequent events are relevant to the defamation claim
made by AIA.

10 In 2003, AIA established what it calls the Critical Year Support Program
(“CYSP”). Like Mdm Zhu, other policyholders were of the impression that they
would not have to pay premiums beyond the Critical Year stipulated in the
policy benefit illustrations shown to them. This problem was exacerbated by
the fact that it was not an industry practice or regulatory requirement for
policy benefit illustrations to be provided to potential policyholders. As a
result, non-standard explanatory documents and advice might have been given to
policyholders. The CYSP was started to address this issue. AIA communicated
with the general public through announcements on its website, where the
concerns of policyholders were noted and AIA’s position on the Critical Year –
that the Critical Year was not a guaranteed feature of its policies – was set
out. AIA also informed the public of the steps it intended to take to resolve
the issue through its website.

11 In addition, AIA contacted policyholders individually by letter, beginning
with those whose Critical Year had already passed. On 12 May 2004, Mdm Zhu
received a letter from AIA regarding the CYSP.[note: 4] Mdm Zhu was told that
her projected Critical Year was the 15th year according to AIA’s records. She
would be sent a support program package around March 2008, about the time Mdm
Zhu’s 16th annual premium became payable. This would have been the first
annual premium to be paid from accumulated dividends, had the Critical Year
taken effect on the 15th year. Whether the Critical Year was the 15th or 16th
year is a point of contention between the parties.

12 As promised, Mdm Zhu received a second letter from AIA regarding the CYSP
on 11 January 2008.[note: 5] In it, AIA presented Mdm Zhu with alternative
courses of action which she could elect to pursue. In particular, Mdm Zhu was
asked to provide AIA with the policy documents in her possession to enable AIA
to make her a “support offer”, ostensibly a favourable variation of her
original contract. It appears that the precise offer made to each policyholder
would depend on what documents were provided to AIA and their contents. As
will be seen, AIA’s request for Mdm Zhu’s policy documents aroused her
suspicions. The other options presented in the letter included continuing to
pay policy premiums as before, paying the premiums out of accumulated
dividends until these were depleted and resuming payment thereafter, or
referring the matter to dispute resolution before an adjudicator appointed by
AIA or to the Financial Industry Disputes Resolution Centre.

13 Mdm Zhu replied on 9 April 2008 but declined to select any of the options
presented to her.[note: 6] Instead, she asserted that the PBI was in
unqualified terms and that everything stated therein was fixed and not
variable. Puzzlingly, she also asserted that the PBI was unclear and difficult
to understand. In any event, Mdm Zhu submitted copies of a number of documents
to AIA, including the PBI, but expressed the view that AIA ought to have these
documents already in its records. She asked AIA to send her the details of the
support offer to be extended to her as soon as possible.

14 AIA replied in a letter dated 15 May 2008, stating its position that the
Critical Year was merely a projection dependent on the cash dividends declared
each year and the interest rate applicable to the accumulated dividends.[note:
7] AIA further stated that Mdm Zhu’s policy was for $200,000.00 and not
$100,000.00 and that the projected Critical Year was 15. Accordingly, AIA
declined to take Mdm Zhu’s PBI into account when formulating the support offer
to be extended to her. This support offer was eventually despatched to Mdm Zhu
on 16 June 2008 after repeated inquiries by her.[note: 8]

15 There followed an exchange of correspondence between the parties, with
increasing dissatisfaction on Mdm Zhu’s part regarding AIA’s management of the
matter, and no progress towards a resolution of the dispute. On 20 August
2008, Mdm Zhu wrote a letter to AIA’s then Executive Vice President and
General Manager, Mark O’Dell, setting out “research findings” that she had
made and proposing what she called a “win-win solution”.[note: 9] The research
findings were essentially a litany of Mdm Zhu’s suspicions and complaints.
Among other things, Mdm Zhu asserted that:

(a) the words “Critical Year: 16” on her PBI were unqualified;

(b) the qualifications on the PBI (referred to at [6] above) were
incomprehensible and the table of figures inadequately explained;

(c) AIA was lying when it said that her Critical Year was the 15th year;

(d) AIA was unwilling to fulfil the terms of the PBI and was therefore
attempting to disclaim the document in order to substitute terms favourable to
itself;

(e) AIA had the PBIs of policyholders in its possession, but pretended not to
have them in order to further its objective of displacing these documents;

(f) AIA did not keep policyholders adequately informed, and what information
was provided to them was incorrect and/or misleading; and

(g) AIA’s conduct amounted to cheating.

16 These assertions are the precursors of the statements subsequently made on
Mdm Zhu’s blog that AIA submits are defamatory. The “win-win solution” was for
AIA to invest $1.5million in a company to be started by Mdm Zhu producing a
health supplement which she had developed that promised to be a panacea for a
wide variety of diseases and ailments. In exchange, Mdm Zhu would settle the
Critical Year issue on AIA’s terms. It was also intimated that, if an amicable
resolution were not reached, Mdm Zhu could commence legal proceedings and that
information relating to the dispute, presumably the “research findings”, would
be revealed to the public.

17 Mdm Zhu did not receive a substantive reply from AIA. On 3 September 2008,
she wrote again to Mr O’Dell, this time threatening to publish her “research
findings” if AIA did not make any objections known to her by 10 September
2008.[note: 10] AIA replied on 10 September 2008 declining to invest in Mdm
Zhu’s business and inviting her to contact its employees, but did not make
reference to this threat.[note: 11] On 13 October 2008, Mdm Zhu sent an email
to AIA’s customer care address providing access to her as-yet unpublished blog
and expressed the intention to publish it if an agreement on compensation
could not be arrived at.[note: 12] Having received no response from AIA
regarding the blog, Mdm Zhu opened public access to her blog on 15 October
2008.[note: 13]

18 On 4 November 2008, AIA’s lawyers, Rajah & Tann LLP, wrote to Mdm Zhu
objecting to the publication of the blog and asserting that it contained
baseless and defamatory statements.[note: 14] Mdm Zhu was asked to deactivate
the blog within five days. Mdm Zhu did so six days later on 10 November
2008.[note: 15]

19 There followed an attempt at adjudication, which did not commence due to
Mdm Zhu’s unwillingness to sign a form agreeing to the terms of the
adjudication.[note: 16] Mdm Zhu finally sought legal representation,
culminating in the initiation of this action.

Breach of contract relating to the Critical Year feature

20 Mdm Zhu contends that it is a term of the insurance contract that she would
not have to pay premiums beyond the 16th year. Accordingly, she argues that
AIA was in breach of the contract in providing her with a CYSP that entailed
continuing payments beyond the Critical Year.

The terms of the contract

21 The basis of Mdm Zhu’s claim is that the PBI forms part of the contract
between her and AIA. However, Mdm Zhu’s understanding is incorrect: the terms
of the contract are governed by the policy booklet that was delivered to her
on 19 May 1993. It has been observed that a contract of insurance normally
arises from an offer made by an insured and an acceptance of that offer by the
insurer (Poh Chu Chai, _General Insurance Law_ (LexisNexis, 2009) at 154; see
also _International Testing Co Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 2 SLR(R)
1026 at [22]).

22 The facts of the present case fit within the usual situation. The document
that Mdm Zhu completed on 3 May 1993 was titled “Application for Life
Insurance”, indicating that an offer was being made to AIA which could be
rejected. Mdm Zhu was required to provide details of the state of her health
to enable AIA to determine whether or not to accept this offer. The identity
of the insurance policy and riders being applied for had to be stipulated,
indicating that the terms of the contract were not yet a given. Declaration C
(referred to at [8] above) makes plain that the policy would not take effect
until issued and delivered to the applicant. Mdm Zhu herself agreed that AIA
would only know which policy a customer wanted to buy from reading the
application form itself.[note: 17] Accordingly, the terms of the contract must
be determined by reference to Mdm Zhu’s offer. No mention is made of the PBI.
Instead, Declaration D states that the declarations made in the application
form as well as the answers provided by Mdm Zhu to any questionnaire or
medical examination would together with the “relevant policy” constitute the
entire contract between the parties.

23 This reference to the “relevant policy” cannot be mistaken for the PBI.
Indeed, Mdm Zhu’s insistence that the PBI was a description rather than an
illustration (the assumption apparently being that a description is of a more
definitive character than an illustration) entailed that the substance of the
contract would have to be found elsewhere,[note: 18] a proposition I do not
accept. Further, although features of the PBI could possibly reflect the terms
of the contract, the PBI in Mdm Zhu’s possession itself cannot constitute the
contract. This is because it relates to different riders and a different
insured sum from that eventually purchased by Mdm Zhu. Moreover, as AIA
rightly points out, any number of PBIs could have been printed for Mdm Zhu to
advise her of the various policies, riders and sums insured from which she
could choose.

24 It should also be noted that Mdm Zhu cannot rely on the fact that she did
not read the policy booklet to assert that it did not constitute the contract.
In _Rust v Abbey Life Assurance Co Ltd_ [1979] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 334, Brandon LJ
(as he then was) said (at 339):

It is clear that in ordinary insurance cases a policy may become a binding
contract between an insured and insurers even though the insured has not seen
or expressly assented to all the detailed terms of the policy, provided always
that such terms are the usual terms of the insurers.

25 This is eminently sensible. An insured person may choose not to verify the
terms of the policy being entered into, but that does not negate that
individual’s agreement to those terms. Mdm Zhu’s complaint at trial that AIA
had never told her that the terms of the contract were contained in the policy
booklet is not only irrelevant but doubtful as well.[note: 19] It was Mr
Huang’s evidence that he had personally handed her the policy booklet and that
he had spent an hour or two explaining it to her.[note: 20] He averred that it
had always been his practice to go through the policy booklet with his
clients, and he was especially enthusiastic with Mdm Zhu because she was his
first client and he had just received training. Indeed, Mdm Zhu had the
opportunity to cancel the policy even after AIA’s acceptance as it was a term
of the policy that she could do so within 14 days after the policy document
had been received. The obvious intent of that was to allow Mdm Zhu sufficient
time to read and review the policy terms and decide whether or not to cancel
or to continue with the policy. If she could not understand any term, she
could easily have contacted Mr Huang for clarification. In any event, based on
my observation of Mdm Zhu, she does not seem to have difficulty in reading and
understanding English despite learning the language only at university. She
conducted the trial herself in person, gave evidence in English and cross-
examined Mr Huang at length also in English.

26 Crucially, the policy booklet foreclosed the incorporation of extrinsic
terms by way of an entire agreement clause which mirrored Declaration D of the
application form. That clause stated as follows:

**The Contract**

This contract is made in consideration of the payment of premiums as specified
in the policy. _This policy and the application for it, a copy of which is
attached to and made a part of the policy constitute the entire contract._ All
statements in the Application shall, in the absence of fraud, be deemed
representations and not warranties. No statement will be used by the Company
to void this policy or in defence to a claim under it unless it is contained
in the Application.

[emphasis added]

27 It has been authoritatively established that an entire agreement clause
will confine the terms of a contract within the four corners of the document
in which they are found. In _Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and others and
another appeal_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537, the Court of Appeal cited the following
passage with approval (at [26]):

The purpose of an entire agreement clause is to preclude a party to a written
agreement from threshing through the undergrowth, and finding in the course of
negotiations some (chance) remark or statement (often long forgotten or
difficult to recall or explain) on which to found a claim such as the present
to the existence of a collateral warranty. The entire agreement clause
obviates the occasion for any such search and the peril to the contracting
parties posed by the need which may arise in its absence to conduct such a
search. _For such a clause constitutes a binding agreement between the parties
that the full contractual terms are to be found in the document containing the
clause and not elsewhere, and that accordingly any promises or assurance made
in the course of the negotiations (which in the absence of such a clause might
have effect as a collateral warranty) shall have no contractual force, save
insofar as they are reflected and given effect in that document._

[emphasis in original]

28 The Court of Appeal further held that an appropriately worded provision
would be acknowledged and upheld if it clearly purported to deprive any pre-
contractual or collateral agreement of legal effect. To hold otherwise would
render an entire agreement clause meaningless and fail to give effect to the
parties’ _expressed_ intent and their legitimate expectations (at [33] and
[35]).

29 In the present case, the purport of both Declaration D and the entire
agreement clause is clear: the policy (of which the clause is a part) and the
application for the policy constitute the entire agreement between Mdm Zhu and
AIA. There is no scope to contend that they are also bound by the PBI. As the
Critical Year is not mentioned in either the policy booklet or the application
form, it is not a term of the contract. Mdm Zhu has also not alleged that the
entire agreement clause and Declaration D have been oppressively employed
against her as a consumer by AIA such that they should not be given effect to.
Nor has she alleged that the entire agreement clause and Declaration D are
unfair or unreasonable such that they are rendered unenforceable under the
Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed). Accordingly, Mdm Zhu’s claim
for breach of contract must fail.

30 Additionally, AIA attempted to rely on Declaration A, arguing that since
the PBI was not presented to and approved by an officer specified in the
policy, it was not binding on AIA. Given my finding above, it is not necessary
to address this argument.

The PBI

31 For completeness, it is noted that even if the PBI did form a part of the
contract, Mdm Zhu would receive no aid from it. This is because the content of
the PBI clearly indicates that there was no guarantee that she would only have
to pay premiums up to the Critical Year. The import of the qualifications
noted at [6] above and their relationship with the Critical Year is clear. The
column headed “Premium Paid from CD Accumulation” indicates that premiums paid
after the projected Critical Year will be paid out of accumulated dividends.
The PBI did not indicate that Mdm Zhu’s obligation to pay premiums would lapse
altogether after the projected Critical Year. It follows that there must be
sufficient accumulated dividends for Mdm Zhu to be relieved of paying the
premiums for any particular year.

32 Further, the PBI expressly states that there was no guarantee that the
dividends actually issued by AIA would be the same as that projected in the
table. Nor would the dividends that were issued necessarily increase as
favourably from year to year since the interest rate paid on them was not
fixed. At trial, Mdm Zhu admitted that she understood that dividends were not
guaranteed to be the same as that reflected in the table and that the amount
of accumulated dividends was also dependent on the interest rate.[note: 21]
She also agreed that Mr Huang had taught her how to calculate the accumulated
dividends.[note: 22] It must follow that she also understood that there could
well be insufficient accumulated dividends to pay for the policy premiums.
Instead, Mdm Zhu ran the fanciful argument that the policy values in the PBI
table and, consequently, the Critical Year, were guaranteed regardless of
whether the dividends and interest rate were guaranteed or not.[note: 23]

33 Mdm Zhu made comparisons with other policy benefit illustrations that were
issued to her together with the CYSP in 2008. In these documents, each column
in the table of policy values was expressly stated to be non-guaranteed. Mdm
Zhu reasoned that by contradistinction this must mean that the values in the
PBI issued to her in 1993 were guaranteed since similar stipulations were not
made then. This argument has no merit. It is trite law that contracts are to
be interpreted in the context in which they were entered into. These later
documents do not form part of that context and in any event do not detract
from the clarity of the PBI given to Mdm Zhu and the qualifications contained
therein.

34 Mdm Zhu also made the argument that the economy was buoyant through the
1980s and at the time she purchased the policy. Accordingly, both she and AIA
must have been of the view that the policy values in the PBI were sustainable
and that the Critical Year would therefore be a guaranteed feature of the
policy.[note: 24] However, it is also trite law that the intentions of
contracting parties are to be assessed objectively, and nowhere is this
alleged subjective understanding objectively manifested. It need hardly be
said that it is highly unlikely that AIA was under the same misapprehension as
Mdm Zhu as regards the prospects of the economy. A company with an
institutional memory and professional employees would not have been under the
mistaken notion that the hitherto cyclical performance of the economy had been
discarded with the 1980s. Nor could it have been so foolhardy as to believe
that the rosy economic situation in the 1980s allowing AIA to pay out high
dividends and a high interest of 7% p.a. on the accumulated dividends would
continue unchanged for the 65 years for which policy values were reflected in
the PBI.

35 A casual analysis of the PBI reveals that the concept of a Critical Year
was nothing more than a puff made in the context of an illustration based on
certain assumptions. It reflects the truism that _if_ certain favourable
conditions _prevail_ which allow AIA to continue to pay out high dividends and
a high interest of 7% p.a. on the accumulated dividends, a policyholder would
then accumulate dividends at a sufficiently high rate and receive sufficient
returns on the premiums already paid, such that further payments out of the
policyholder’s own pocket would no longer be necessary as the policy would
become self-sustaining after a certain number of years, that being the
Critical Year. But the Critical Year (be it the 15th or 16th year) is premised
on certain assumptions prevailing and if those assumptions do not prevail, the
Critical Year (whether the 15th or 16th year) will simply not hold true any
longer. An assumption of favourable conditions prevailing throughout the life
of the policy thereby allowing the projected rates in the PBI to be given for
the next 65 years clearly does not amount to a contractual term that the
assumption is to be a guaranteed fact for the next 65 years. In fact, the PBI
itself negates any possibility that the assumption is to be elevated to a
guaranteed fact because the footnotes to the PBI have clearly stipulated in
capital letters for emphasis that future dividends are _not guaranteed_ and
that the interest rate of 7% p.a. on accumulated dividends is _not guaranteed_
and is used for illustration purposes only (see [6] above).

Misrepresentation not argued

36 It should be noted that Mdm Zhu did not advance the case that Mr Huang had
misrepresented that the PBI was part of the contract or that the Critical Year
feature contained therein was guaranteed or that under no circumstances would
the policyholder pay anymore policy premiums after the Critical Year or that
the interest rate illustrated of 7% p.a. was a fixed and guaranteed interest
rate throughout the life of the policy. It appears that Mdm Zhu’s reluctance
to make such a claim was two-fold. First, pleading misrepresentation would
have been inconsistent with her case that the PBI was part of the contract and
that the statement “Critical Year: 16” contained therein was unqualified.
Second, she was of the view that Mr Huang would be unwilling to give evidence
detrimental to AIA. It may be for this reason that her evidence on her
interactions with Mr Huang was extremely brief. However, when cross-examining
Mr Huang, Mdm Zhu asserted:[note: 25]

No, so I said your answer should be based on that time. Not nowadays. So at
that time I tell you, Oscar, you give me this OPQ. You tell me clearly that
okay, for this Financial Guardian policy, you pay 16 years only. Later, after
that, the premium will be paid from dividends. You no need to make. And you
also tell me this policy values under column 3 to 8 [current year dividend,
balance CD, basic CSV and total CSV available] are guaranteed. You _don’t
worry_ , this dividend and the insurance rate, because the _dividend interest
rate increase every year since 1986_.

And you say so at that time you meet me, you make me believe that all the
things, all things guaranteed although dividend and interest rate, _you say
although dividend and interest rate not guaranteed._ But the values are
guaranteed _because the economy is very good_ and _the dividend interest rate
actually increase_ every year.

[emphasis added]

37 First, it is to be noted that a question from Mdm Zhu in cross-examination
_per se_ does not become her evidence in court on oath. I will therefore not
treat those assertions within her question as part of her evidence in court
where they are self-serving. However, where any assertion of hers is against
her interest, it may be relevant as an admission under s 21 of the Evidence
Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) and admissible as such. It would appear from the
verbatim court transcript of the question framed by Mdm Zhu during her own
cross-examination of Mr Huang, that she had let it slip out that Mr Huang
might well have correctly advised her that interest rate and dividends were
variable and not guaranteed. While he might have told Mdm Zhu not to worry
because the values in the table were likely to be met or fulfilled in view of
the favourable past performance, this contradicts any suggestion or alleged
misrepresentation that they were _fixed_ and guaranteed. If the dividend
interest rate was supposed to be _fixed_ and guaranteed at 7% p.a. every year,
then how could Mr Huang possibly be mentioning that the dividend interest rate
was _increasing_ every year since 1986. At no stage did I understand Mdm Zhu
to be saying that Mr Huang had misrepresented to her that the dividend
interest rate was variable but nevertheless guaranteed at a _minimum_ of 7%
p.a. for the entire life of the policy. This is quite different from saying
that it was guaranteed at a _fixed_ rate of 7% p.a. for the entire life of the
policy, which apparently is what Mdm Zhu is now alleging as having been
represented to her by Mr Huang. In any event, since Mdm Zhu has consciously
declined to plead that there was misrepresentation, it is not necessary for me
to consider those admissions against her own interest made in the course of
her cross-examination of Mr Huang as set out above. They would have been
relevant only if misrepresentation had been specifically pleaded.

Cessation of coverage in breach of contract

38 Mdm Zhu separately claims that AIA refused to execute her instructions to
pay her policy premiums out of the accumulated dividends since 2009, thereby
causing her SFG policy to lapse in breach of contract and contrary to her
instructions. This claim has no merit. In a letter dated 6 October 2010, AIA’s
lawyers told Mdm Zhu:[note: 26]

Our clients are agreeable to maintain the status quo of the Policy pending the
upcoming hearing before the Court of Appeal in the week of 17 January 2010.
Unless you state otherwise in writing, our clients will proceed to set-off the
outstanding and subsequent premium payments due under the Policy from the
accumulated cash dividends under the Policy thereafter.

39 Similar assurances were given in a letter dated 5 January 2012:[note: 27]

As you know, under the terms of the Policy, if premiums remain unpaid for more
than a year, the Policy will be automatically converted into an Extended Term
Insurance and the riders attached to the Policy will be terminated. As a
gesture of goodwill, our clients [_ie_ , AIA] had agreed to maintain the
riders for the Policy pending resolution of the matter, even though they are
not contractually required to do so, to ensure that your coverage under the
Policy remains uninterrupted.

40 At trial, AIA’s Acting Head of Service Quality, Ms Eileen Ong, confirmed
that Mdm Zhu’s policy remained in force providing coverage of the insured sum
of $200,000.00.[note: 28] There is therefore no basis to the claim that Mdm
Zhu’s insurance policy has lapsed.

Defamation

41 In its counterclaim, AIA pleaded that 10 separate statements made on Mdm
Zhu’s blog were defamatory. However, AIA has not established on the evidence
adduced before me that the blog and the allegedly defamatory statements
therein have been published, and I am accordingly of the view that this
counterclaim is not made out. The learned authors of _Evans on Defamation in
Singapore and Malaysia_ (Doris Chia and Rueben Mathiavaranam) (LexisNexis, 3rd
Ed, 2008) (“ _Evans on Defamation_ ”) note the following (at p 59):

As the final part of his case, _the plaintiff must prove that the words of
which he complains have been published, and the burden here is clearly on the
plaintiff_. Publication is the element of defamation that completes the cause
of action. ...

_Publication means making the defamatory matter known to some person other
than the person of whom it is written or spoken._ Communication of the
imputations in question directly to the person of whom they are made, in the
presence of no third party, cannot be injurious to that individual’s
reputation, as a man’s reputation is not the good opinion he holds of himself,
but the estimation in which he is held by his fellow man.

[emphasis added]

42 These observations are of general application and are equally relevant to
defamation on the internet. In _The Law of Defamation and the Internet_
(Matthew Collins) (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2010), it is observed at
5.04:

**Internet Publications**

Proof that Internet communications have been published is therefore not
usually a difficult task. Every e-mail message which has been received and
seen by a recipient other than the person defamed, who is capable of
understanding it, has been published. So too has every message posted on a
bulletin board and every web page which is accessible to Internet users, _if
it can be proved that any third person capable of understanding it has
displayed and seen the message or web page_.

Where, however, an e-mail message has not been read by any person other than
its author and the defamed person, or _a web page, although technically
accessible, has not been visited by any person other than its author and the
defamed person, then publication will not have occurred_ , except in Scotland.

[emphasis added]

43 It is therefore insufficient for material on the internet to be technically
accessible – it must actually have been visited by a third party for the
requirement of publication to be met. AIA may not have adequately grasped this
distinction. In its Reply Submissions, it stated (at [35]):

In any event, it is submitted that whether the Plaintiff had de-activated her
blog by 9 November 2008 is a red-herring as it does not detract from the fact
that the defamatory statements in her Blog was published and made available to
the public online (which was her intention) for at least about a month from 14
October 2008.

44 As regards proof of publication, the case of _Al Amoudi v Brisard_ [2007] 1
WLR 113 is instructive. The court observed that, following from the general
rule that the claimant bears the burden of proving that the words complained
of were read or seen by a third party, it was for the claimant in the case of
an internet libel to prove that the material in question was accessed and
downloaded (at [32]). Publication to a particular individual can be proved by
calling that individual to say that he or she accessed the items and
downloaded them within the jurisdiction; a wider publication may be proved by
establishing a platform of facts from which the tribunal of fact can properly
infer that substantial publication within the jurisdiction had taken place (at
[33]). There is no presumption of law of substantial publication in regard to
internet libels (at [37]).

45 In the present case, no direct evidence has been adduced to show that Mdm
Zhu’s blog had been accessed by third parties. No witnesses have been called
to give evidence to that effect. The blog itself appears to have been
reproduced by printing it off from the web browser and making copies of the
printout. As the blog did not have a web counter that logs the number of
visitors it had received, it is not possible to ascertain whether the blog had
been accessed by the time the printout was made. The blog also included
hyperlinks to “comments” pages where third parties could air their views, but
each link shows that no comments were made. AIA could have gone beyond the
blog itself for direct evidence of publication, perhaps by seeking discovery
of web analytics data that might have been available to the blog owner as part
of the suite of tools provided by the host website, or by demonstrating that
third party websites were hosting links to the blog. This was not done.

46 Nor has there been adduced any evidence from which it can be inferred that
the blog had been accessed by third parties. AIA could have provided such
evidence by, for example, establishing the prominence given to the blog by
internet search engines when relevant search terms were entered. In _Steinberg
v Pritchard Englefield (a firm)_ [2005] EWCA Civ 288, the Court of Appeal of
England and Wales held that an inference of substantial publication of a
defamatory letter on the defendant’s website was “irresistible” because it was
accessible to anyone who fed the claimant’s name into a standard search engine
or who accessed the defendant’s website (at [21]).

47 Indeed, it appears highly likely that the blog was not in fact accessed by
third parties. The blog is notable for its utter lack of success. In view of
the forceful assertions made by Mdm Zhu and Singapore’s vocal internet
audience, it would be reasonable to expect comments expressing views one way
or the other to be left on the blog had it gained any attention whatsoever. It
is also doubtful that the blog could ever have garnered an audience without
active promotion, which Mdm Zhu did not engage in. It is not likely that
anyone would have been searching the internet for information on the Critical
Year issue in 2008, some four years after AIA launched the CYSP. Mdm Zhu
opened public access to this blog on 15 October 2008 and it was deactivated
soon thereafter on 10 November 2008, just one day past the deadline set by
AIA’s lawyers for her to take down the blog. The window for access to this
blog of some 25 days was thus relatively short, which minimised the likelihood
of a third party accessing the blog. In my view, Mdm Zhu’s blog was probably
one of the multitudes of dormant pages on the internet that are technically
accessible but never visited. I should not be understood as saying that blogs
are generally poorly patronised websites or that publication will be difficult
to establish in such cases. Certainly, some blogs are among the most popular
websites on the internet. In other cases, there may be direct evidence of
publication in respect of websites which have negligible readership.

48 In the final analysis, the publication of defamatory material should not be
assumed; each case must be determined on its facts. Analogies may helpfully be
drawn to the traditional modes of communication. For example, an email that
has not been accessed is not very different from a letter in an unopened
envelope. Similarly, defamatory material that has been placed on the front
page of a mass media outlet such as an online newspaper are analogous to
articles in a traditional newspaper, and the inference that it has been
published to the readers of that outlet can reasonably be drawn.

49 However, the internet may well disclose new scenarios in which the element
of publication is not clearly established. The present case with a short
window period for access is one such scenario. Another possible situation is
where defamatory material is made accessible on a website that is generally
well patronised, but rather than being on the front page, lies at the end of a
series of hyperlinks that receive little or no attention. A defendant may well
be able to produce data to show that the (allegedly) defamatory page did not
receive any visitors.

50 As publication has not been established in the present case, the issues of
the natural and ordinary meaning of the allegedly defamatory statements and
Mdm Zhu’s defence of justification do not arise.

Conclusion

51 In conclusion, both Mdm Zhu’s claim and AIA’s counterclaim are dismissed.
If parties are unable to agree on costs, they are to write in within 14 days
for a date to be fixed for the hearing on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1, pages 1-2.

[note: 2]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1, pages 3-6.

[note: 3]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1, pages 7-35.

[note: 4]1st Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, page 47.

[note: 5]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1, pages 57-69.

[note: 6]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1, pages 70-74.

[note: 7]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1, pages 75-79.

[note: 8]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1, pages 80-105.

[note: 9]1st Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, pages 101-148.

[note: 10]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1, pages 156-162.

[note: 11]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1, pages 175-176.

[note: 12]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1, pages 181-199.

[note: 13]Plaintiff’s AEIC at [178].

[note: 14]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1, pages 207-209.

[note: 15]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1, pages 210-211.

[note: 16]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 1, pages 225-227.

[note: 17]Notes of Evidence, 29 June 2012, page 57.

[note: 18]E.g. Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at [17].

[note: 19]Notes of Evidence, 25 June 2012, page 122.

[note: 20]Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2012, page 21.

[note: 21]Notes of Evidence, 25 June 2012, pages 125-126, 135-137.

[note: 22]Notes of Evidence, 25 June 2012, pages 134-135.

[note: 23]Notes of Evidence, 25 June 2012, page 148.

[note: 24]E.g. Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at [31] and [39].

[note: 25]Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2012, page 35.

[note: 26]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 2 page 326.

[note: 27]Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 2 page 474.

[note: 28]Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2012, pages 139-140.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Feb 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

