Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Kraze Entertainment (S) Pte Ltd _v_ Marina Bay Sands Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHC 39

Case Number| :| Suit No 410 of 2011 (Registrar's Appeal No 39 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 February 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mohammed Reza and Jared Kok (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
plaintiff; Davinder Singh SC, Pardeep Singh Khosa and Chan Yong Wei (Drew &
Napier LLC) for defendant.  
Parties| :|  Kraze Entertainment (S) Pte Ltd — Marina Bay Sands Pte Ltd  
  
18 February 2013|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal by the plaintiff against Assistant Registrar Shaun
Leong’s (“AR Leong”) order dismissing the plaintiff’s application of 5
February 2013 for an extension of 14 days for it to comply with an order made
on 15 January 2013 requiring it to furnish $100,000 as security for costs. AR
Leong, who also made the order of 15 January 2013, had directed that payment
be made within 21 days from 15 January 2013, and the order expressly stated
that it was to be made no later than 4 pm of 5 February 2013, “failing which
the Plaintiff’s claims [would] be struck out” (“the Order”).

2 The deadline was thus 4 pm on 5 February 2013. The plaintiff did not appeal
against the Order and so on 1 February 2013 it applied by Summons No 621 of
2013 (“SUM 621/2013”) for an extension of 14 days from the date of disposal of
the summons to furnish the security ordered. On the same day, counsel for the
plaintiff obtained an order that SUM 621/2013 be heard on 5 February 2013. The
defendant’s solicitors were informed of the hearing on 4 February 2013. On 5
February 2013, AR Leong, having no supporting affidavit to consider, and no
submission on the grounds for the application for an extension of time,
enquired of counsel the grounds for the application. The court’s query was
answered by counsel as follows:

The grounds are basic, which is that our clients are unable to comply with the
existing order.

I do not think that in the circumstances it was at all surprising or wrong for
AR Leong to dismiss SUM 621/2013. It is also not surprising, given the nature
and circumstances of this action that the plaintiff appealed against AR
Leong’s order of 5 February 2013. I should now add that the day after I
dismissed the appeal, the solicitors for the plaintiff wrote a letter to court
dated 8 February 2013. The key paragraph (paragraph 3) of the letter stated as
follows:

We wish to state for the record that the following submissions were made at
the 5 February 2013 hearing before Assistant Registrar Mr Shaun Leong...

The rest of that letter purporting to set out the said grounds is not
important at the moment. The plaintiff’s appeal was dismissed and the record
stands as it stood. The plaintiff has no right to tell the court, especially
by letter, how the record should stand. It could, if it wanted to, apply to
rectify the record or to record a further submission. It would be left to the
discretion of the court as to whether that application would be heard. As far
as I am concerned, the plaintiff’s letter of 8 February 2013 is not part of
the record.

3 Returning to the appeal before me on 7 February 2013, I am of the view that
it is indeed harsh for an action to be struck out without trial, especially
when it is struck out for failing to comply with an interlocutory order. Mr
Mohammed Reza (“Mr Reza”), counsel for the plaintiff, relied on _Syed Mohamed
Abdul Muthaliff and another v Arjan Bhisham Chotrani_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 361 (“
_Syed Mohamed_ ”) and urged me to agree that in exercising its discretion the
court ought to consider the prejudice to the defaulter. He submitted that the
court should balance the failure to comply with the competing interests,
namely, depriving the plaintiff of trial on the merits. Mr Reza argued that
the defendant would not suffer “irreparable mischief” if an extension were to
be granted and further submitted, relying on _Finnegan v Parkside Health
Authority_ [1998] 1 All ER 595 at 604, that the absence of a good reason is
not in itself sufficient to refuse an extension of time. Praying that justice
be done, Mr Reza ended his submission.

4 Mr Davinder Singh SC (“Mr Davinder”), appeared on behalf of the defendant to
oppose the plaintiff’s appeal, arguing that rules must be obeyed. He showed
the true character and extent of the plaintiff’s breach by referring to the
court’s records since November 2012 and the numerous letters written by his
firm to the solicitors for the plaintiff. Letter after letter was sent
reminding the solicitors for the plaintiff of the court orders that had been
made; letter after letter was sent requesting payment of costs. Each of those
letters was shown to me accompanied by one remark from Mr Davinder, “no
answer” (to the letters).

5 Emphasising that the plaintiff did not appeal against the Order, Mr Davinder
submitted that when an extension of time was sought, the onus was on the
plaintiff to show why it had not or could not comply with the Order in time
and to explain what efforts had been made to comply with the Order. However,
no affidavit was filed at all. No explanation was offered before AR Leong and
even when the plaintiff filed what appears to be a summons-in-desperation,
Summons No 657 of 2013 (“SUM 657/2013”) to stay the execution of “the
consequences of the decision of the learned Assistant Registrar Mr Shaun
Leong” pending appeal, no affidavit was filed either. A brief affidavit was
filed later that evening in support of SUM 657/2013. All it stated was that
the plaintiff was “committed to providing the security for costs” but needed
more time. The deponent, a director of the plaintiff, stated that:

... time is required for funds to be transferred and approved. In particular,
the Plaintiff is presently in the process of obtaining the requisite funds
from its majority shareholder, Kraze Entertainment Co. Ltd based in Korea.
Before the requisite funds can be remitted to the Plaintiff in Singapore, the
remittance must be approved by the board of Kraze Entertainment Co. Ltd as
well as Korea’s Central Bank. ...

Mr Davinder first objected to the use of this affidavit to support the
application for an extension of time when it was filed in support of a
separate application for a stay of execution even though there was no
execution in this case to be stayed at all – the failure to comply with the
unless order, Mr Davinder submitted, merely meant that the plaintiff’s case
was struck out. It was contended that the action was not time-barred; the
plaintiff could file another suit or apply to restore the action.

6 Mr Davinder is not without authority. He urged me to consider what was said
in _Zhong Da Chemical Development Co Ltd v Lanco Industries_ [2009] 3 SLR(R)
1017 at [17] regarding the expeditious payment of costs ordered. In the
present case before me, the plaintiff filed an appeal without having paid any
of the costs ordered on several occasions previously. Mr Davinder, as Mr Reza
before, drew my attention to _Syed Mohamed_. The Court of Appeal in _Syed
Mohamed_ held (at [14]) that contumelious conduct or intentional breach might
not be the main factors in cases concerning the striking out of an action; but
the court also observed that the party applying for the indulgence of the
court must show that he “had made positive efforts to comply but was prevented
from doing so by extraneous circumstances”.

7 I would like to begin where Mr Reza ended – on justice; but before justice
is the law. The law is explicit on the rules and regulations and the orders of
the courts. Here we plainly have an order by the court that the plaintiff was
to furnish security for costs by 15 January 2013. That order was not complied
with. The plaintiff owes the defendant several sets of costs. Their solicitors
did not respond to letters sent by the defendant’s solicitors. Thus, when the
plaintiff found itself unable to comply with the Order, one would expect it to
go cap in hand and explain its predicament to the defendant’s solicitors. If
the explanation is reasonable, one would expect the defendant to be advised
not to raise objections to a formal application to the court. This is not a
situation in which the defendant would be prejudiced. Many a door that is shut
in the face of haughtiness can be opened by a touch of humility. If lawyers
conduct themselves reasonably in their relationship with their opposing side
the number of applications and appeals to the court will be greatly reduced. I
was mindful that the “unless order” was made in respect of an order for
security for costs. There was no record of intentional breaches (other than
not paying costs) so it seemed to me that to have the action struck out for
non-compliance with the Order was probably too harsh in the first place.
Nonetheless, the plaintiff did not appeal and so the Order must be complied
with. Then the plaintiff filed an application for an extension of time without
setting out its reasons by way of affidavit, as the rules require. When asked
for its reasons, counsel for the plaintiff responded to the court below by
saying, “[t]he grounds are basic, which is that our clients are unable to
comply with the existing order.” As Mr Davinder pointed out, even on appeal
before me, no evidence of effort or explanation as to why more time was needed
was produced. In disputes such as the present action, one can often tell
whether the parties have or do not have a reasonable claim or defence. Had the
plaintiff been dutifully diligent and acted otherwise than it did, the fact
that it has reasonable prospects of success would have been an important
factor in the court’s consideration; but it had given virtually no basis for
AR Leong to grant it the indulgence that it sought. Under present
circumstances, if the order of AR Leong dismissing the plaintiff’s application
for an extension of time were to be set aside, litigants will be encouraged to
believe that if they have a big claim they can choose which orders of court
they will obey and how they would do so. If that were justice to the
plaintiff, it must surely be an injustice to the defendant. This appeal was
not about the merits of the original order but in respect of AR Leong’s
refusal to grant an extension of time for compliance.

8 For the reasons above, the appeal was dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Feb 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

