Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Falmac Limited _v_ Cheng Ji Lai Charlie  
[2013] SGHC 113

Case Number| :| Suit No 935 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 May 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Winston Quek Seng Soon (Winston Quek & Co) for the
plaintiff; Harpal Singh (KhattarWong LLP) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Falmac Limited — Cheng Ji Lai Charlie  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Originating Summons No
1125 of 2013 and Summons No 1410 of 2014 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal
on 8 April 2014. See [2014] SGCA 42.]

23 May 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Falmac Limited (“Falmac”), was a Catalist Sponsor-supervised
company at the time it was de-listed by the Singapore Exchange Securities
Trading Ltd (“SGX-ST”) on 22 August 2011. Prior to de-listing, Falmac’s
business operations were mainly carried out in Tianjin, People’s Republic of
China, through two subsidiaries, namely Falmac Machinery (Tianjin) Ltd
(“Falmac Machinery”) and Falmac Textile (Tianjin) Co Ltd (“Falmac Textile”).
For ease of reference, I shall refer to the two subsidiaries collectively as
the “Tianjin subsidiaries”. Each subsidiary owned a factory in Tianjin
(hereafter collectively referred to as “the Tianjin factories”).

2 This Writ of Summons was filed on 30 October 2009\. It named five
individuals who constituted Falmac’s board of directors during the relevant
period in question as the defendants (hereafter collectively referred to as
“the former board”). The first defendant, Cheng Ji Jiang (“Ji Jiang”), the
third defendant, David Lu Hai Ge (“David Lu”), and the fifth defendant, Yu Wei
Ying (“Wei Ying”) were independent directors of Falmac. The second defendant,
Charlie Cheng Ji Lai (“D2”) was, at all material times, a director and the
Chief Executive Officer of Falmac. The fourth defendant, Fei Xue Jun (“Fei”),
was a director and shareholder of Falmac.

3 Falmac did not serve proceedings against Ji Jiang, David Lu and Wei Ying,
and the proceedings against Fei were formally discontinued on 13 July 2010.
The present action continues against D2.

4 Mr Winston Quek (“Mr Quek”) represents Falmac. During the first tranche of
the trial, D2 was represented by Mr L Devadason (“Mr Devadason”) who was
assisted by Mr Harpal Singh (“Mr Singh”). Mr Devadason fell seriously ill
shortly thereafter and Mr Singh took over the conduct of the proceedings.

Overview of the proceedings

5 In this action, Falmac pleaded a number of breaches of fiduciary duties on
the part of D2 involving a range of transactions, dealings and matters. It was
alleged, amongst other things, that Falmac under the stewardship of D2 made
losses yearly and was heavily indebted to banks and other creditors, and that
D2 had managed, conducted and administered Falmac’s affairs without due care
and diligence to the extent that the company became financially crippled and
could not pay its employees’ salaries.[note: 1]

6 At the end of the first tranche of the trial on 20 July 2011, Falmac’s core
complaint was that D2 still controlled the Tianjin subsidiaries through his
nominee, Leon Zhao whose appointment as the legal representative of the
Tianjin subsidiaries was unauthorised as it was without the knowledge and
consent of Falmac (“the unauthorised legal representative argument”). Falmac
averred that Leon Zhao’s appointment enabled D2 to continue to control the
Tianjin subsidiaries for his own personal interest and to the detriment of
Falmac. As a result, Falmac lost effective control of its principal assets
which were the Tianjin subsidiaries.[note: 2] Attempts by two new Falmac board
members to gain access to the Tianjin factories in late October 2009 were
unsuccessful. To Falmac, this incident demonstrated Falmac’s loss of physical
control of the Tianjin factories.

7 According to Falmac, Leon Zhao was a total stranger. Not only was his
appointment as the legal representative of the Tianjin subsidiaries
unauthorised, the change of legal representative was not disclosed to Falmac’s
shareholders.[note: 3] In addition, Falmac was unable to remove Leon Zhao as
legal representative. Consequently, it was compelled to write off the entire
value of the Tianjin subsidiaries in its financial statements for the
financial year ended 31 December 2009 (“the 2009 financial statements”).
Falmac holds D2 responsible for the loss of the Tianjin subsidiaries by reason
of D2’s breach of fiduciary duty and/or breach of trust.[note: 4]

8 Sometime after the first tranche of the trial, Falmac obtained leave of
court to re-amend its Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) on 17 November 2011.
With the new amendments (_ie_ , Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) filed on
21 November 2011), the case against D2 took on a different dimension, namely
that D2 had disposed of the Tianjin subsidiaries to a company known as Sino
Vision (HK) Ltd (“Sino Vision”) in contravention of s 160(1) of the Companies
Act (Cap 50, Rev Ed 2006) and in breach of his fiduciary duties owed to Falmac
(collectively referred to as “the s 160 complaint”). Falmac is therefore
seeking damages based on the net asset value of the Tianjin subsidiaries, or
alternatively for damages to be assessed. [note: 5]

9 D2 has denied any wrongdoing. His pleaded defence is that the appointment of
Leon Zhao as the legal representative of the Tianjin subsidiaries was not
unlawful as it was approved by the former board, and that the appointment was
recognised and accepted by the authorities in China. In relation to the s 160
complaint, D2’s defence is that the debt-for-share transaction was approved by
the former board in the interest of Falmac. However, the former board had no
role in the implementation of the debt-for- share transaction.

10 According to D2, Business Corporate Services Pte Ltd (“BCS”) and Peter Choo
Chee Kong (“Choo”) were interested in Falmac for a reserve takeover. In this
case, the plan was to use Falmac as the “shell” company for the reverse
takeover. Divesting Falmac of all its debt-ridden and loss-making businesses
(_ie_ , the Tianjin subsidiaries) was thus part of the overall strategic
restructuring of Falmac.[note: 6]

11 D2’s overall position in his Closing Submissions is that he is being made a
scapegoat for the divestment of the Tianjin subsidiaries now that the reverse
takeover has fallen through and the white knights (_ie_ , BCS and Choo) have
lost money in the process. It is D2’s contention that Falmac needed an excuse
for disposing the Tianjin subsidiaries for a consideration of S$2 to Unitex
Global Limited (“Unitex”). Thus, apart from the Tianjin subsidiaries being
loss-making, the easy way out was to blame D2 by alleging loss of effective
control of the Tianjin subsidiaries.

12 In this action, D2 counterclaims against Falmac for various payments due to
him such as unpaid salary as Falmac’s Chief Executive Officer and unpaid
director’s fees.

13 At this juncture, I propose to comment on the state of the pleadings after
the last round of late amendments in November 2011. First, the unauthorised
legal representative argument (see [6] above) and the s 160 complaint (see [8]
above) appear to be advanced as discrete stand-alone pleas. Falmac has not in
its pleadings linked the unauthorised legal representative argument to the s
160 complaint and the subsequent registration of Sino Vision as the legal
owner of Falmac’s shares in the Tianjin subsidiaries. Falmac has not gone
further to assert, and it is not Falmac’s pleaded case, that D2 continues to
be in effective control of the Tianjin subsidiaries despite the registration
of Falmac’s shares in Sino Vision’s name. Falmac is neither disavowing the
Sino Vision transaction, nor arguing that Sino Vision’s involvement was a sham
or disguise to cover up D2’s unlawful appropriation of the Tianjin
subsidiaries. Simply put, it is not Falmac’s pleaded case that D2 has an
interest in Sino Vision, and hence D2 has control of the Tianjin subsidiaries
through Sino Vision and Leon Zhao. In the absence of any plea of a causal link
between the unauthorised appointment of Leon Zhao on 1 September 2009 and the
s 160 complaint they remain discrete stand-alone pleas.

14 Second, it is difficult for the court to work out exactly what fiduciary
obligation D2 had not observed, and the consequences of any deviation from the
same. Mere recitals of the various duties of a director in paragraphs 4 and 5
of Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), and mere statements of conclusion that
D2 had breached fiduciary duties owed to the company do not suffice. The
pleadings did not expressly identify the particular obligation that D2 had
supposedly breached as a fiduciary to the facts in support of the complaint in
question. Falmac’s Opening Statement referred to a director’s duty to act
honestly (_ie_ , to act _bona fide_) at all times in the interests of the
company. This was similar to the plea that D2 owed to Falmac a fiduciary duty
of good faith. An allegation of breach of duty of good faith is essentially a
charge of dishonesty. Like fraud, dishonesty must be distinctly alleged and
proved, and it is not permissible for a charge of dishonesty to be inferred
from the pleaded facts alleged against D2 in respect of either the
unauthorised legal representative argument or the s 160 complaint.

15 Third, liability in the main action must therefore be decided on the narrow
formulation of the claims as pleaded and upon the existence of cogent facts in
evidence to support these claims.

16 Finally, the declaration sought by Falmac in this court – that D2 was in
breach of his duties as a director – does not seem to be sought in respect of
any loss suffered by Falmac or to claims that might have been made to Falmac.
There is a separate claim for damages to be assessed. This claim, which is for
common law damages, is not intended as “the other relief” that follows a
declaration of right but is to recover compensation for breach of fiduciary
duty owed to Falmac. Accordingly, Falmac has to show that there is a causal
connection between the breach of fiduciary duty (_ie_ , the relevant wrong)
and the relevant loss, if proved. Plainly, it is only in respect of the
unauthorised legal representative argument and the s 160 complaint that Falmac
is claiming damages based on the net asset value of the Tianjin subsidiaries
and the expenses incurred in attempting to recover the Tianjin subsidiaries.
For the other alleged claims described in [59] below, the sum total of the
evidence is that Falmac did not suffer any pecuniary loss. As Falmac is not
asking this court to declare contested legal rights of the parties, whether
subsisting or in the future, the relief in the form of a declaration of right
is superfluous.

Chronology of relevant events

17 A proper understanding of this action requires the background facts of the
case to be set out in some detail. A chronological account of the relevant
events is as follows.

Former board comprising the five named defendants

18 At all material times, the primary business of Falmac was in the
manufacture of precision engineering circular knitting machines and production
of cotton yarn in Tianjin. It is common ground that Falmac’s business was
entirely derived from the Tianjin subsidiaries.

19 In October 2004, three of the named defendants were on Falmac’s board: D2,
David Lu and Fei. At that time, there was another independent director, Lu
Jing, on Falmac’s board. The fifth director, Wei Ying, was appointed in March
2005.

20 Lu Jing retired from the board in 2006. In March 2006, Fei was appointed
executive chairman of the board. However, he stepped down as executive
chairman in August 2007, but remained on the board as executive director. Ji
Jiang, the first defendant, was appointed a director on 15 August 2007.

21 D2 was appointed director on 27 October 2004 and, as Falmac’s Chief
Executive Officer on 15 December 2004. According to D2, it was Fei who brought
him into Falmac. In 2004, Falmac was in need of a capital injection as well as
a restructuring of loans with its creditor banks amongst others. Fei as
director of Sino Equity Group Limited (“Sino Equity”), the investment vehicle
of the Jianwei Group in China, of which Fei was also the chairman, Chief
Executive Officer and controlling shareholder made a cash injection into
Falmac through an issue of new shares in Falmac. Fei, through his interest in
Sino Equity, became the largest shareholder holding 29% of the issued shares
in Falmac as at 12 March 2007.[note: 7]

22 D2 resigned as the Chief Executive Officer of Falmac on 20 July 2009. On 30
July 2009, the three independent directors on the former board also resigned
from their positions. This left D2 and Fei as the only two members on Falmac’s
board of directors at the end of July 2009.

23 D2 and Fei were removed as directors on 5 October 2009.

Falmac’s continuous financial woes

24 Besides the capital injection and loan restructuring mentioned earlier,
Falmac had to, _inter alia_ , sell off its assets to pay off its indebtedness.
Note 3 of the auditor’s notes to the financial statements dated 31 December
2005 stated:[note: 8]

...

c) On 27 October 2004, the Company issued 44,975,120 ordinary shares of $0.01
each at par for cash for an aggregated cash consideration of $1,700,000. The
proceeds have been utilised for the reduction of certain amounts owing to the
creditor banks and payment of all professional fees in relation to the
restructuring. ...

d) On 27 October 2004, the Company issued 34,448,000 ordinary shares of $0.01
each at an issue price of $0.311 per share as settlement for its partial
outstanding loans of $10,713,430 owing by the Company and the Group to the
creditor banks.

Each of the creditor banks has undertaken not to dispose of any of the
conversion shares for a period of six months from 27 October 2004, and not to
dispose more than 25% of the conversion shares held by each of the creditor
banks for a period of 12 Months from 27 October 2004.

25 Furthermore, Note 5 on bank loans and overdrafts said: [note: 9]

...the Directors believe that a core part of the overall restructuring plan to
revive and strengthen the Company’s and the Group’s financial position is to
implement the debt conversion to reduce its current liabilities and hence
immediate cash requirements. As a result, debts owing by the Company and the
Group as of 27 October 2004 to the creditor banks amounting to approximately
$10.7 million had been capitalised into new ordinary shares in the capital of
the Company Note 3(d). The remaining balance of about $4.1 million and $3.9
million will be repaid by way of: disposal of assets in Singapore ... and ...
restructuring of the repayment obligations of the Company in respect of $3.9
million of the aggregate outstanding owing to the creditor banks over a 3-year
period into the restructured loan and is repayable by 12 equal quarterly
instalments.

26 Note 5 also disclosed that the Company was in the process of re-negotiating
with the creditor banks for a revised bank borrowings repayment scheme.

27 As things turned out, Falmac’s sale of assets in Singapore was insufficient
to repay the requisite S$2.1m leaving a shortfall of S$250,000 unpaid. Falmac
also defaulted in payment of three of the repayment instalments that had
fallen due and payable as of 31 December 2005. Therefore, on 20 February 2006,
the creditor banks demanded repayment of the entire restructured loan together
with interest amounting to a total of about S$3.97m.

28 Falmac’s defaults in payments under certain indebtedness agreements were
disclosed in Note 6 to the financial statements for the financial years ended
31 December 2006[note: 10] and 31 December 2007.[note: 11]

29 It is clear that the ability of Falmac to continue business as a going
concern depended on the company realising assets to discharge its liabilities
in the normal course of business, but as the current liabilities of both
Falmac and its subsidiaries continue to exceed its current assets over the
years, the auditors in Singapore found it increasingly difficult to support
the going concern basis of the company and its subsidiaries.[note: 12]

30 Despite the fact that Falmac and its Tianjin subsidiaries had crippling
liabilities, Falmac was still an attractive target to a white knight (in this
case BCS and Choo) who perceived Falmac as a cheap and easy way to secure a
Catalist listing via a reverse takeover.

Enter Wong Lock Chee and Choo

31 BCS was a private investment company that was owned and controlled by Wong
Lock Chee (“Wong”) and Yeoh Wee Liat (“Yeoh”). Wong, acting through BCS,
bought over Falmac’s outstanding debts at a discount from the creditor
banks.[note: 13] After 31 December 2008, the creditor banks assigned all their
interests and rights in relation to the bank loans, thus making BCS a 16.5%
shareholder as well as a substantial creditor in respect of an outstanding
loan of approximately S$4.5m.[note: 14] Falmac confirmed in its Closing
Submissions that this move by BCS to acquire 16.5% of the equity was “to
enable [Falmac] to undergo a debt restructuring plan and to negotiate with
corporate entities for a reverse takeover of [Falmac].”[note: 15] BCS saw its
role as a white knight and committed funds to Falmac in a bid to buy time to
implement its plan to restructure the company’s debts for a reverse takeover.
Wong had approached Choo, a director and shareholder of CNMC Goldmine Limited
(“CNMC”) on the possibility of a reverse takeover of [Falmac] by CNMC. Choo
was said to be “keen on the proposal”,[note: 16] the “proposal” was for Falmac
to acquire the entire stake in CNMC in exchange for the issuance of new shares
in Falmac, effectively allowing CNMC to achieve a “backdoor-listing”. This
ambition to buy Falmac for a “backdoor-listing” naturally required the
agreement and cooperation of the former board of Falmac. In fact, there were
e-mails from Choo to D2 expressing his seriousness in Falmac and that he
needed D2 to work with him. For a flavour of the overtures, some of these
e-mails are reproduced below. In an e-mail dated 20 January 2009 to D2, Choo
wrote:[note: 17]

Charlie,

I am very serious about Falmac. I have spent about S$80,000 so far. So there
is no reason to doubt my interest.

But I need you to help us. There is good money to be made if you work with me.

Falmac is not as clean as told to me earlier.

BTW, you are already guilty of violation of Singapore Companies Act by not
filing annual accounts with ACRA. Singapore courts are in close touch with
China’s law ministry. For example, China Aviation Oil’s CEO Chen was jailed in
Singapore with the help of China’s courts (Chen was released from Changi
prison today). So you and I should work closely to close the current chapter
on Falmac and then you move on.

I am thinking now to assume the role of Chairman of Falmac. This will enable
us to move faster. If you are suspicious of my intentions, please tell me.

You must quickly proceed to get the 3 IDs [independent directors] to resign as
time is running out.

Everyday creditors are calling and scolding us. A creditor even came to UIC
Building office to ask for payments. Falmac owes money to almost ALL the
professionals in Singapore...even US law firm like Baker Mckenzie, Tan Swee
Sze etc.

The banks’ deadline is 20 Feb to pay S$512,000.

Are you happy working with me??

32 On 28 January 2009, Choo e-mailed D2 as follows:[note: 18]

Dear Charlie,

...

We already spent more that S$100,000 and this shows you we are serious. We
will soon pay for the banks settlement on 20 Feb...SO I MUST FEEL COMFORTABLE
TO PROCEED WITH THIS BIG STEP. Once signed with banks, I am also committed to
your junior staff past salaries which is also big sum.

Below list of issues we must settle with you during your coming visit in
Singapore.

(1) PrimePartners say they are only keen to sponsor Falmac if I am key driver
of the deal.

...

(2) Immediately do a share placement to raise some money to pay
Citibank(S$3,000 and they are going to sue you), pay professionals etc...Wee
Wong Hong & Partners has been appointed to do the placement documentation.

...

(5) Buyer for ALL ex-Singapore businesses.

...

(9) Moving out of Princeton by Feb 4 (need to arrange movers, and move the
Xerox machine to CNMC and the PCs to be installed in new apartment-cum-office.
Existing starhub internet to be transfer (sic) to new apartment)

...

(13) Announcement of deal to be transparent and early ie. Acquisition of CNMC
by Falmac to announced when I take over the banks’ loans.

...

33 On 26 February 2009, Choo wrote to D2. His e-mail reads:[note: 19]

Charlie,

Please tell Fei that CNMC gives him a good chance to make money. There is NO
hope if things continue in Falmac. You can look for RTO targets and I can look
for other shells.

I must sign agreements with you and Fei next week.

Such a simple idea and Fei is unsure. No wonder he is in trouble according to
my checks.

34 On 24 March 2009, Choo wrote to D2. His e-mail reads:[note: 20]

hi Charlie,

...

SGX called this morning to ask why Peter Choo is not buying Falmac.

Anyway Charlie, I am serious to grow CNMC into a big company especially when
we do have high gold deposits. In fact six geologist from Henan’s largest gold
mining co. are flying to Kelantan around mid-April to discuss mining the gold.

I am planning to sign a non-legal conditional MOU with Falmac to acquire CNMC
Goldmine. This will prove that I am serious. OK??

35 On 30 March 2009, Choo e-mailed D2 in the following terms:[note: 21]

hi Charlie,

How (sic) things? CNMC Goldmine is progressing well and on target to produce
our first gold pour in 3Q this year.

Today newspapers in Singapore are reporting many failures of China-linked
companies and this caused many investors to avoid investing in such counters.

Let’s work quickly on Falmac. Wong Lock Chee has compiled the various simple
agreements to enable us to trust each other and move ahead.

36 It is not disputed that in practice, the debts of the target company (_ie_
, Falmac) have to be restructured and a debt conversion exercise
undertaken[note: 22] in order to turn the target company into a shell company
before injection of a new business into the target company. In this case, the
plan was to use Falmac as the shell company for the reverse takeover.
Divesting Falmac of all its debt-ridden and loss-making businesses (_ie_ , the
Tianjin subsidiaries) was thus part of the overall strategic restructuring of
Falmac.[note: 23]

37 On 30 March 2009, Wong from BCS sent D2 five draft agreements via e-mail.
Wong also sought D2’s cooperation in his e-mail. He wrote:[note: 24]

Dear Charlie,

Please see attached 5 simple Agreements...You have seen 3 of these. 2 are new
simple agreements for Superway and Kanbo.

Two new agreements are –

(1) Letter of Agreement to buy all subsidiaries

(2) Sale & Purchase Agreement to buy half of the bank loans.

...

Charlie, we are serious about re-making Falmac. Today Singapore stock market
does not like China concepts due to many failures of China concepts. With Mr
Peter Choo’s leadership, a gold mine business and a non-China concept, Falmac
has a good chance for share price to jump.

If you have been following stock news lately, you will realise that there has
been very bad publicity on S-Chips counter. ... Many of the CEOs in these
Companies have been implicated for mismanagement and accounting
irregularities. The current state of Falmac definitely requires a change. We
seek your cooperation to move forward and achieve our mutual objective in
reviving this very sick Company.

38 Wong’s first draft agreement was a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”)
between Falmac and CNMC for the reverse takeover. Recitals D and E of the MOU
state:[note: 25]

(D) Falmac is currently being restructured into a shell company with
insignificant businesses and with old businesses to be divested and all debts
and obligations including banks, employees, shareholders loans being settled
amicably and so that it is clean and with no liability.

(E) This MOU is meant to facilitate the legal, financial and operational due
diligence investigations to be mutually conducted by parties hereto (“Due
Diligence Investigation”) and signing of a formal sale and purchase agreement
(“S&P Agreement”) and is subject to the terms and conditions of the S&P
Agreement.

39 The second and third agreements were settlement agreements offered by BCS
to D2 and Fei respectively in respect of certain sums owed to them by
Falmac.[note: 26] With regards to Fei, the draft settlement agreement related
to an outstanding shareholder’s loan. The draft settlement agreement between
D2 and BCS was for salary arrears capped at S$1m and the settlement amount was
to be paid upon completion of the reverse takeover.[note: 27] Notably, it was
a condition of the proposed settlement with D2 that he, amongst other things,
supported and procured the support of Fei to vote in favour of the reverse
takeover. Unfortunately, these two draft agreements were never finalized and
executed.

40 The fourth draft agreement was between BCS and a company called Tianjin
Kanbo Machinery Ltd (“Tianjin Kanbo”) for the purchase of the Tianjin
subsidiaries for a nominal fee of S$1.[note: 28] The name “Tianjin Kanbo” as
appears in the draft was provided by D2 to Choo in an e-mail of 25 March 2009.
In that e-mail, D2 informed Choo of Tianjin Kanbo’s interest to buy the
Tianjin subsidiaries at S$1, and that a Hong Kong company by the name of
“Superway Logistics Limited” would pay S$100,000 for half of the six banks’
loan to Falmac. In the same e-mail, D2 requested Choo to pass on this
information to Wong who had called him earlier that morning for the
names.[note: 29]

41 The fifth draft agreement related to a proposed sale of certain loans that
BCS had earlier acquired from the creditor banks of Falmac.[note: 30] The name
“Superway Logistics Limited” appears in the fifth draft.

42 In the interim period while administrative steps were being taken for the
reverse takeover, Choo and BCS provided financial support to Falmac. For
instance, Choo advanced loans to Falmac to settle salaries and CPF
contributions for Falmac’s employees. Choo also engaged an independent firm,
Bizcorp Management Pte Ltd (“Bizcorp”) to take over Falmac’s financial
reporting functions after the resignation of Falmac’s finance personnel in
late 2008. Due to these changes and other difficulties in preparing financial
statements, Falmac had sought and obtained extensions of time to announce its
2008 financial results and hold its 2009 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).
Bizcorp was thus in charge of preparing Falmac’s 2008 management accounts for
the AGM.

43 The relationship between D2, Choo and Wong appeared to have deteriorated
after D2 refused to sign off on the 2008 management accounts (“2008 accounts”)
prepared by Bizcorp. As a result, the AGM could not be held by the required
deadline (_ie_ , 31 July 2009).

44 As stated, the defendant resigned as CEO of Falmac with immediate effect on
20 July 2009. On 30 July 2009, the three independent directors on the former
board also resigned from their positions. This left D2 and Fei as the only two
members on Falmac’s board of directors.

45 After his resignation, D2 purportedly made some statements that appeared in
an article published by _The Edge Singapore_ magazine (_“The Edge”_) on 17
August 2009. The article contained statements relating to “accounting
irregularities” and “false accounting” within Falmac.[note: 31] A trading halt
on Falmac’s shares was called that same day. The next day, SGX-ST reprimanded
Falmac for lack of public disclosure in breach of the Listing Rules (the
“Listing Rules”), and asked Falmac to clarify the purported accounting
irregularities. On 21 August 2009, trading of Falmac’s shares was suspended,
allegedly causing negotiations on the proposed reverse takeover to come to a
temporary standstill.

New board of directors

46 D2’s refusal to sign the 2008 accounts provoked Choo and Wong into removing
D2 as a director. On 5 August 2009, BCS requisitioned an Extraordinary General
Meeting (“EOGM”) to remove D2 and Fei as directors of Falmac and appoint a new
board of directors.

47 As a point of reference, the trading halt and suspension (on 21 August
2009) occurred in the interim period between the requisition for the EOGM and
the subsequent election of the new board on 5 October 2009.

48 Initially, the EOGM was fixed for 28 September 2009\. However, on 4
September 2009, D2 and Fei passed a resolution appointing the firm of M/s Bih
Li & Lee to apply for an injunction on behalf of Falmac to stop the convening
of the EOGM (“the Bih Li & Lee resolution”).[note: 32] D2 and Fei’s attempt to
completely stop the EOGM failed. D2 and Fei merely secured a postponement of
the EOGM for one week to 5 October 2009. At the EOGM held on 5 October 2009,
D2 and Fei were removed as directors of Falmac and a new board of directors
was constituted. The board members comprised Choo, Wong, Yeoh and Kuan Cheng
Tuck (“Kuan”) (hereafter collectively referred to as “the new board”).

The first tranche of the trial

49 After the new board was appointed on 5 October 2009, Falmac brought the
present suit against the former board on 30 October 2009, alleging a host of
breaches of director’s duties such as the failure to convene Falmac’s Annual
General Meeting (“AGM”) and present the financial statements within the
required deadlines. Falmac also alleged that D2 in particular was in breach of
fiduciary duties owed to Falmac by, _inter alia_ , failing to renew his
employment pass and making unwarranted statements about Falmac in _The Edge_.

50 On 8 September 2010, Falmac amended its Statement of Claim to include
allegations that D2 had unlawfully changed the legal representative of the
Tianjin subsidiaries, which resulted in the loss of control of the Tianjin
subsidiaries. It was alleged that D2 had resigned as the legal representative
of the Tianjin subsidiaries in favour of one Leon Zhao whose appointment was
on 1 September 2009.[note: 33] The Chinese authorities approved the change of
legal representative to Leon Zhao on 13 October 2009.[note: 34] According to
Falmac, Choo and Kuan were denied access and could not gain entry to the
Tianjin factories to retrieve the accounting and financial records of the
Tianjin subsidiaries. Consequently, the accounts of the Tianjin subsidiaries
for the financial year ended 31 December 2009 were not audited, thereby
hampering Falmac’s preparation of its own consolidated financial statements
for the same financial year. It was also Falmac’s case that the loss of
effective control of the Tianjin subsidiaries caused the company to write off
the entire value of the Tianjin subsidiaries in Falmac’s 2009 financial
statements.

51 It is pertinent to note that on 1 December 2009, Falmac passed two
shareholder’s resolutions removing Leon Zhao as the legal representative of
the Tianjin subsidiaries in favour of one Pua Yeow Seng[note: 35] who is the
brother of Pua Yeow Chuan (“PYC”), a witness for Falmac at the trial. PYC is
the owner of Unitex Global Limited (“Unitex”) with whom Falmac signed a sale
and purchase agreement for the disposal of Falmac’s shareholding in the
Tianjin subsidiaries on 11 July 2011 (see [127] below).

52 On 29 October 2010, Falmac commenced legal proceedings in China against D2
and Leon Zhao, seeking to invalidate the change of legal representative of the
Tianjin subsidiaries.[note: 36] On 5 November 2010, the Tianjin subsidiaries
filed civil indictments against Leon Zhao for the return of the company seals,
business licences and other documents.[note: 37] However, all the legal
proceedings in China were withdrawn on 3 December 2010.[note: 38]

53 The first tranche of the trial, which took place in July 2011, was thus
advanced on the basis that Leon Zhao was D2’s nominee and that D2 was
unlawfully controlling the Tianjin subsidiaries to the exclusion of Falmac.

The second tranche of the trial

54 Before the second tranche of the trial, Falmac amended its case again,
alleging that D2 had breached his fiduciary duties by reason of the transfer
of Falmac’s shares in the Tianjin subsidiaries to Sino Vision without the
approval of the shareholders of Falmac (_ie_ , the s 160 complaint).
Furthermore, Falmac pleaded that D2 was in breach of his fiduciary duty for
failing to disclose the transfer to the shareholders of Falmac (“the non-
disclosure argument”).[note: 39]

55 This non-disclosure argument is a non-starter. On Falmac’s own case, the
organ of the company to which disclosure of the transfer should have been made
was the shareholders. It is settled law that a director owes fiduciary duties
to his company, not to the shareholders (see _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan
Cheng Han SC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2009) at para 8.127 (“ _Walter Woon_
”)).

56 Returning to the narrative, D2 explained that on 9 July 2009, the former
board had passed a resolution to transfer the entire equity in the Tianjin
subsidiaries to Sino Vision by way of converting debts for shares in the
Tianjin subsidiaries.[note: 40] It is significant that Falmac is not
challenging this resolution. Its case is simply that shareholders’ approval
must be sought, and no such approval was obtained.

57 According to D2, Leon Zhao was a director of Tianjin Kanbo and he was its
representative in the negotiations with D2 in July 2009.[note: 41]
Subsequently, Tianjin Kanbo used Sino Vision as the contracting party because
of the debts the latter entity had acquired from the creditors of the Tianjin
subsidiaries. Pursuant to the resolution of 9 July 2009, Falmac entered into
two separate Equity Transfer Agreements (“the Equity Agreements”) on 30 July
2009 with Sino Vision to transfer Falmac’s shares in the Tianjin subsidiaries
to Sino Vision. The Equity Agreements were signed on behalf of Falmac by Wei
Ying, one of the independent directors on the former board (presumably before
her resignation). D2 accepted that the Equity Agreements were subject to
formal approval of shareholders, and that insofar as shareholders’ approval
was concerned, it was not for him to follow up on the formalities in the
Equity Agreements as he was no longer with Falmac as of 5 October 2009.

58 As proof of the completion of the share transfer in the absence of
shareholders’ approval, Falmac produced documents ostensibly from the
Commercial and Industrial Bureau of Tianjin, the authenticity of which was
disputed by D2.

The parties’ claims

59 Falmac alleged numerous breaches of fiduciary duty on the part of D2, and
they are grouped under the following categories:

(1) Failure to comply with various provisions of the Companies Act and the
Listing Rules relating to the convening of an AGM and the preparation of
financial statements;

(2) Failure to comply with the provisions of the Companies Act and the Listing
Rules relating to directors of Falmac;

(3) Non-disclosure to SGX-ST of a Chinese judgment against Falmac Machinery;

(4) Passing of the resolution on 4 September 2009 to appoint Bih Li & Lee to
act for Falmac without the consent or approval of Falmac;

(5) Disclosure of information to _The Edge_ which resulted in the suspension
of Falmac’s shares;

(6) Causing Falmac to lose control and ownership over the Tianjin
subsidiaries; and

(7) Transfer of Falmac’s shareholding in Tianjin subsidiaries to Sino Vision
without shareholders’ approval.

60 Conversely, D2 averred that he had at all times complied with his duties as
a director to Falmac. In addition, D2 brought a counterclaim for salary
arrears and other sums owed under his employment contract with Falmac.

Directors’ duties: the legal framework

61 It should be noted at the outset that the Companies Act and the Listing
Rules apply here, as this case primarily concerns the relationship between a
Singapore-incorporated company listed on the SGX-ST and its former board of
directors. This is notwithstanding the fact that certain underlying contracts
were governed by Chinese law, or that some of the parties involved were
foreign nationals.

62 It is trite law that every director owes certain duties as a fiduciary to
his company. As Millet LJ explained in _Bristol and West Building Society v
Mothew_ [1998] 1 Ch 1 at 18:

The distinguishing obligation of a fiduciary is the obligation of loyalty. The
principal is entitled to the single-minded loyalty of his fiduciary. This core
liability has several facets. A fiduciary must act in good faith; he must not
make a profit out of his trust; he must not place himself in a position where
his duty and his interest may conflict; he may not act for his own benefit or
the benefit of a third person without the informed consent of his principal.

63 In addition to these general duties are the specific duties imposed on
directors by statute. Under s 157(1) of the Companies Act, a director has the
duty to “act honestly and use reasonable diligence in the discharge of the
duties of his office”. The duty to act honestly has been interpreted as
referring to the common law duty of a director to act _bona fide_ in the
interests of the company (see _Lim Weng Kee v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 2
SLR(R) 848 (“ _Lim Weng Kee_ ” at [32]).

64 The Court of Appeal in _Townsing Henry George v Jenton Overseas Investment
Pte Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2007] 2 SLR (R) 597 (“ _Townsing_ ”) held that s
157 (1) duty to act honestly in discharge of his duties as a director is
equivalent to the common law duty to act bona fide, and that the duty of
honesty and duty to act bona fide may be regarded as a composite obligation.
The two duties “impose a _unitary_ obligation to act _bona fide_ in the
interests of the company _in the performance of the functions attaching to the
office of director_ ” (_Townsing_ at [59]).

65 The duty to exercise reasonable diligence also encompasses the duties of
care and skill (_Walter Woon_ at para 8.13). The relevant standard of care and
diligence is objective, _ie_ , whether the director has exercised the same
degree of care and diligence as a reasonable director found in his position,
and may be raised if the director possesses some special knowledge or
experience (see _Lim Weng Kee_ at [28]).

66 Other specific duties imposed on directors by statute include the
requirements to make and retain adequate financial records.

67 Notably, a breach of a director’s statutory duty, which may well give rise
to certain consequences under statute, does not _ipso facto_ result in a
breach of fiduciary duty. Persistent failure to comply with obligations as
regards the filing of accounts and returns may amount to unfitness to hold
appointment as a director under s 155 of the Companies Act. Such failures,
however, need not involve any dishonest intent; nor would such conduct
constitute a breach of fiduciary duty. Thus, it is necessary to have in mind
that in order for a particular act or omission to constitute a breach of
fiduciary duty, it must fall within the various obligations of a fiduciary
that reflect the core duty of loyalty recognised at common law, or the duties
that fall within the scope of director’s duties as defined under s 157 of the
Companies Act.

68 In reviewing the conduct of a director in relation to decisions of a
business and commercial nature, the court does not substitute its own judgment
for that of the directors. As stated in _ECRC Land Pte Ltd v Ho Wing On
Christopher_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 105 at [49]:

The court should be slow to interfere with commercial decisions taken by
directors ... It should not, with the advantage of hindsight, substitute its
own decisions in place of those made by directors in the honest and reasonable
belief that they were for the best interests of the company, even if those
decisions turned out subsequently to be money-losing ones.

69 With the legal framework in mind, I now turn to consider the various
allegations against D2.

Outline of discussion

70 It is plain from the way Falmac developed its case that many of the alleged
breaches of fiduciary duty that kicked off the litigation on 30 October 2009
were ill-conceived, and the company in its Closing Submissions continued to
pursue them even though there was no related monetary loss to the company.
These alleged breaches are those grouped under the first four categories
(items (1) to (4)) in [59] above (hereafter collectively referred to as “the
secondary claims”). I propose to deal with these secondary claims later.

71 This judgment will first discuss the main areas of dispute based on the
development of the case each time the pleadings were amended by Falmac. The
main areas of dispute are:

(1) The suspension of trading in August 2009; and

(2) Loss of the Tianjin subsidiaries by reason of:

(i) The unauthorised legal representative argument; and

(ii) The s 160 complaint.

Suspension of trading in August 2009

72 _The Edge_ published an article on 17 August 2009 containing certain
controversial statements apparently made by D2. The relevant portion from the
article is set out below:[note: 42]

... Even more worrying, Cheng says that he discovered a lot of accounting
irregularities after being hired to run the company in 2004.

“When I came in, there was a lot of false accounting and the company owed
money to suppliers and banks,” Cheng says. “They reported huge receivables and
inventory, but it was all fake. The receivables were more than 90 months old
and the inventory was full of obsolete machinery.” Cheng adds that he even
discovered that some of Falmac’s customers didn’t exist. “I reported that to
the Commercial Affairs Department, but they told me it’s a civil matter.”
According to Cheng, Falmac’s employees also filed a complaint with the
Ministry of Manpower late last year after the company failed to settle their
back wages.

...

73 This article resulted in a trading halt that was followed by a suspension
of Falmac’s shares three days later. The trading halt was called on Falmac’s
shares on 17 August 2009; the next day, the SGX-ST asked Falmac to make an
announcement to clarify the statements made in the article. D2 responded on 19
August 2009. On 21 August 2009, trading of Falmac’s shares was suspended, as
there was a limit of three days for a trading halt. After the suspension, D2
responded to the SGX-ST and later sent a draft announcement to the SGX-ST to
clarify his comments in the article on 23 August 2009. The draft announcement
prepared by D2 was not satisfactory and SGX-ST asked Choo to assist on 28
August 2009.[note: 43] After D2 was removed as director, the new board
provided the clarification sought by SGX-ST on 7 January 2010.[note: 44] Wong
confirmed that SGX-ST was finally satisfied with Falmac’s explanation as there
was no further inquiry thereafter.[note: 45]

74 It is noteworthy that when the Writ of Summons was filed on 30 October
2009, Falmac’s main grievance with D2, in reality, was the article itself that
was published in _The Edge_. What D2 did was perceived by Wong to be a
spiteful attempt to sabotage BCS and Choo’s reverse takeover. It was seen as
D2’s way of retaliating against BCS who had requisitioned for an EOGM to
remove D2 as a director.[note: 46] The concern then was that the suspension
could jeopardise the reverse takeover. As such, Falmac’s pleaded case
concentrated on the suspension in the following terms:[note: 47]

The suspension had affected the reputation and valuation of [Falmac].
Potential investors are shying away from investing in Falmac. If the
suspension is not lifted and it leads to the ultimate de-listing of [Falmac]
from the Stock Exchange, the value of [Falmac] will become practically
worthless. The Defendants’ gross negligence and lack of due care has caused
[Falmac] to lose its only and most valuable asset which is its listed status
in Singapore.

75 Although the new board’s clarification on 7 January 2010 was accepted by
SGX-ST, trading of Falmac’s shares remained suspended. It is important to note
that the suspension continued for different reasons. Simply put, although the
article in _The Edge_ was the spark that triggered Falmac’s trading
suspension, it was not the factor that eventually brought about Falmac’s de-
listing on 22 August 2011.

76 I start with the requirement to submit a resumption proposal to lift the
suspension after SGX-ST accepted Falmac’s explanation of the matters reported
in _The Edge_. Pursuant to Rule 1304(1) of the Listing Rules, Falmac was
required to submit a resumption proposal to SGX-ST to resume trading of
Falmac’s shares within 12 months of the date of suspension, _ie_ , by 21
August 2010. During the period of suspension, however, Wong and Choo still
worked towards accomplishing the reverse takeover. As an illustration, Falmac
announced on 9 March 2010 the execution of the contract with CNMC to acquire
all the shares in CNMC on 8 March 2010 (“the CNMC contract”). Subsequently, on
24 December 2010, Falmac announced the agreement of Falmac and CNMC to extend
the Long-Stop Date under the CNMC contract from 31 December 2010 to 31 March
2011 with a further option to extend the Long-Stop Date by another three
months to 30 June 2011.[note: 48]

77 Falmac needed time to complete the due diligence exercise for the reverse
takeover by CNMC. This included geological survey reports and the audit of
CNMC’s financial statements.[note: 49] Hence, on 22 December 2009, Falmac
applied for time extension until 30 April 2011 to submit the resumption
proposal as it could not submit a resumption proposal by the original deadline
of 21 August 2010.

78 Contemporaneously, as part of Choo’s asset injection plan, the new board
announced on 28 December 2009 that it intended to divest Falmac’s shareholding
in the Tianjin subsidiaries. As mentioned earlier, BCS and Choo were
interested in Falmac as a shell in order to inject a new business into Falmac.
Falmac thus resolved to divest the loss-making Tianjin subsidiaries and to
write off the investment costs of the Tianjin subsidiaries.[note: 50] Such a
move was risky in that Falmac might not be able to satisfy SGX-ST that it was
a “going concern” pursuant to Rule 1303(3) of the Listing Rules, which was one
of the criteria for resuming trading in Falmac’s shares, as Falmac had no
other business in Singapore.[note: 51] So as not to fall foul of the relevant
Listing Rules, it was imperative that Falmac submitted the resumption proposal
with a viable business before the deadline of 30 April 2011. Wong himself
agreed in cross-examination that Falmac would have been queried and would be
de-listed if the Tianjin subsidiaries were disposed of without a viable
replacement business. In other words, SGX-ST had to be satisfied with Falmac’s
resumption proposal involving CNMC.

79 On 28 April 2011, Falmac submitted its resumption proposal in relation to
the CNMC contract to acquire 100% of the share capital of CNMC to SGX-
ST.[note: 52] Unfortunately, Falmac’s resumption proposal was not acceptable
to SGX-ST. As a result, SGX-ST duly de-listed Falmac on 22 August 2011.

80 In these circumstances, the delays in getting the suspension lifted were
_no_ t due to D2. There was clearly no causal link between the trading
suspension arising from the article in _The Edge_ and the factors that led to
eventual de-listing on 22 August 2011.

81 It is now convenient to look at Wong’s explanation in cross-examination
regarding the resumption of trading proposal:[note: 53]

Q:...Since the 7th of January 2010, which is the day your board wrote that
letter and clarified with the SGX on their letter of 18th of August, what has
your board done to get Falmac relisted?

A:Ever since we were appointed to the board, we ...we work towards our primary
objective of acquiring Falmac, which is to inject a viable business,
er...er...I was talking to others like coal mining, and you know, not just the
gold parts, CNMC, there were other business opportunity which I have, er
contacts with. So the..that is the primary objective, so ...

...

82 Wong also explained the difficulty faced in justifying to SGX-ST the
viability of the resumption proposal (that was later rejected and resulted in
Falmac’s de-listing):[note: 54]

Q:So, why is it so difficult to find a viable business then if CNMC has
actually struck gold?

A:I beg your pardon?

Q:Your intention is to IPO with CNMC, being that viable business, and this is
has been Peter Choo’s intention since 2008...

A:Correct.

Q:... so why is it so difficult? Why is it taking so long?

A:MOG companies, er, have a new set of rules and gold mining, if we were to
get listed, will be the first of its kind. Er, SGX has send representative to
Australia, several countries, to study so that it... there is a set of rules
that is put up for gold mining operation because, er a lot of companies in
Hong Kong get listed as a gold mining company because of the price of gold
went up from 300 over to now, 1580. Er...public get excited and then they
blindly invest, so the job report required by SGX, a lot of details, that’s
why it’s been very difficult for Falmac to ...to, er, justify.

Q:All right, okay. So, then I just confirm with you, one more time, all this
has nothing to do with Charlie, yes? The delays.

A:The delays of the injured ...

Q:Getting relisted [_ie_ , the suspension lifted]

A:You can say, yes, it has nothing to do with him.

83 For the reasons above, there is no merit in Falmac’s contention that D2 was
responsible on account of the article in _The Edge_ for Falmac’s diminished
reputation and value as a result of the trading suspension.

Loss of the Tianjin subsidiaries

Observations

84 The Statement of Claim was amended on 8 September 2010 (_ie_ , Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 1)) to introduce another cause of action. By this
amendment, Falmac claimed that it lost control of the Tianjin factories due to
D2’s unlawful change of the legal representative of the Tianjin subsidiaries
to his nominee, Leon Zhao. It was argued that D2 continued to control the
Tianjin subsidiaries as their _de facto_ legal representative.

85 The material facts must be borne in mind in assessing the veracity of this
plea. Based on the documentary evidence, the new board was aware of Leon
Zhao’s appointment at least since 1 December 2009 but did not amend the
Statement of Claim until 9 months later. On 1 December 2009, Falmac as the
100% shareholder of the two Tianjin subsidiaries passed two resolutions
removing Leon Zhao as the legal representative of the Tianjin subsidiaries in
favour of Pua Yeow Seng. On 20 March 2010, Falmac announced in the Straits
Times that the appointment of Leon Zhao was unauthorised.[note: 55]

86 Falmac raised no objection or protest to D2 that Choo and Kuan had been
denied access to the Tianjian factories on 20 October 2009. Apparently, no
subsequent attempts were made to visit the Tianjin factories. In fact, Falmac
filed the amendments on 8 September 2010 even before Falmac sued D2 and Leon
Zhao in China on 29 October 2010 and before the Tianjin subsidiaries sued Leon
Zhao for the return of the company seals and business licences on 5 November
2010.

87 Falmac claimed that it lost effective control of the Tianjin subsidiaries
by reason of the unauthorised change of the legal representative, and denial
of access to the Tianjin subsidiaries including D2’s refusal to return the
company seals and business licences. Therefore, Falmac’s aggregate loss which
is based on the net assets of the Tianjin subsidiaries is RMB 47,435,365. 92
(for ease of reference and reading, this figure is rounded down to RMB 47m in
this Judgment).

88 There was a further amendment to the Statement of Claim in November 2011
(_ie_ , Statement of Claim Amendment No 2)) such that by the second tranche of
the trial, Falmac was claiming that D2 had transferred Falmac’s shares in the
Tianjin subsidiaries to Sino Vision in breach of s 160 of the Companies Act
and in breach of his fiduciary duties owed to Falmac (_ie_ , the s 160
complaint). Section 160 of the Companies Act read as follows:

Approval of company required for disposal by directors of company’s
undertaking or property

**160.** —(1) Notwithstanding anything in a company’s memorandum or articles,
the directors shall not carry into effect any proposal for disposing of the
whole or substantially the whole of the company’s undertaking or property
unless those proposals have been approved by the company in general meeting.

...

(3) A transaction entered into in contravention of subsection (1) shall, in
favour of any person dealing with the company for valuable consideration and
without actual notice of the contravention, be as valid as if that subsection
had been complied with.

...

89 I commented on the state of the pleadings after Falmac’s last amendment in
November 2011 in [13] above. It must again be remembered that there is no
averment of a causal link between the two complaints, namely the unauthorised
appointment of Leon Zhao as legal representative of the Tianjin subsidiaries
on 1 September 2009 and the s 160 complaint. Notably, it is not Falmac’s
pleaded case that D2 has an interest in Sino Vision and that he continues to
have _de facto_ control of the Tianjin subsidiaries through Sino Vision and
Leon Zhao.

Analysis

The unauthorised legal representative argument

(1) Whether D2 was the _de facto_ legal representative of the Tianjin
subsidiaries after 1 September 2009

90 Falmac contended that the change of legal representative was unlawful, and
that it was D2’s way of controlling the Tianjin subsidiaries even after his
departure from Falmac. Falmac’s pleaded case is that the change of legal
representative was effected without the approval and knowledge of the Falmac’s
board of directors and/or shareholders. It is worth noting that it was only in
the Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) that Falmac asserted
that Leon Zhao was D2’s nominee, that D2 appointed Leon Zhao as the legal
representative in order to gain control of the Tianjin subsidiaries, and that
D2 was the _de facto_ legal representative of the Tianjin subsidiaries.[note:
56]

91 Mr Quek in his Closing Submissions referred to the respective Articles of
Association of the Tianjin subsidiaries, which prescribed that approval of a
change of legal representative must be given by the shareholders. In this
case, it was Falmac who had to give the approval but contrary to D2’s
assertion, there was no board resolution from Falmac to this effect. Mr Quek
relied on the evidence of Dorothy Ho, the company secretary, who testified
that she had not seen such a board resolution.

92 Mr Quek relied on several matters to prove that D2 remained in control of
the Tianjin subsidiaries as _de facto_ legal representative after 1 September
2009. They are as follows:

(1) Absence of knowledge on the part of Falmac as to who Leon Zhao was.
Moreover, Leon Zhao had never reported to Falmac since his appointment as
legal representative.

(2) Falmac was unable to change the legal representative from Leon Zhao to
Falmac’s authorised representative, Pua Yeow Seng, because it did not have the
company seals and business licences. D2 did not return these items to Falmac
following his departure from the company.

(3) On the instructions of D2, Choo and Kuan were prevented from gaining
access to the Tianjin factories on 20 October 2009.[note: 57]

(4) D2 was seen at a trade exhibition held in Shanghai on 14 June 2011. The
Tianjin subsidiaries had a booth at this exhibition, and D2 was introduced to
PYC of Unitex as the boss of the Tianjin subsidiaries.

93 First of all, the plea that Leon Zhao was D2’s nominee whom he used in
order to gain control of the Tianjin subsidiaries to Falmac’s detriment is
essentially a charge of dishonesty. As stated by the Court of Appeal in
_Townsing_ at [60], a director’s duty of honesty (or the duty to act in good
faith) is a facet of a fiduciary’s core duty of loyalty. In its Closing
Submissions, Falmac maintains that D2 changed the legal representative to Leon
Zhao “in order to keep [the Tianjin subsidiaries] out of the reach of [Falmac]
whilst he still remains in control of the said subsidiaries through Leon
Zhao.”[note: 58]

94 In the context of pleadings involving fraud and dishonesty, the following
observations of Millet LJ in _Paragon Finance Plc v BB Thakerar_ [1999] 1 All
ER 400 (at 407) are apposite here:

It is well established that fraud must be distinctly alleged and as distinctly
proved, and that if the facts pleaded are consistent with innocence it is not
open to the court to find fraud. An allegation that the defendant ‘knew or
ought to have known’ is not a clear and unequivocal allegation of actual
knowledge and will not support a finding of fraud even if the court is
satisfied that there was actual knowledge. An allegation that the defendant
had actual knowledge of the existence of a fraud perpetrated by others and
failed to disclose the fact to the victim is consistent with an inadvertent
failure to make disclose and is not a charge of fraud. It will not support a
finding of fraud even if the court is satisfied that the failure to disclose
was deliberate and dishonest. Where it is expressly alleged that such failure
was negligent and in breach of a contractual obligation of disclosure but not
that it was deliberate and dishonest, there is no room for treating it as an
allegation of fraud.

95 The plea that Leon Zhao was D2’s nominee was premised on the assertion that
Leon Zhao was a stranger to the new board. Such a plea is not enough to
satisfy the rules of pleadings elucidated above. There must be something about
the appointment of Leon Zhao, some conduct which is dishonest before a breach
of fiduciary duty of good faith can be established.

96 It is pertinent to note that dishonesty as director was not put to D2 in
cross-examination nor specifically alleged against D2 in pleadings. Like
fraud, dishonesty must be distinctly alleged and proved, and it is not
permissible for a charge of dishonesty to be inferred from the pleaded facts
alleged against D2 (_ie_ , to be inferred from the pleaded facts such as Leon
Zhao was a stranger, that D2 acted without Falmac’s consent or knowledge and
that the change of legal representative was done surreptitiously).

97 In addition, there is the principle that the more serious the allegation,
the more cogent the evidence required must be to prove dishonesty, even on the
balance of probabilities. In assessing the evidence, I bore in mind this
principle.

98 Wong’s evidence is that Leon Zhao never contacted Falmac. Zhang Shuren
(“Zhang”), the former General Manager of Falmac Machinery, said that whilst he
was still employed by Falmac Machinery, he never saw Leon Zhao. On the other
hand, D2 denies any involvement or interest whatsoever in the Tianjin
subsidiaries.[note: 59] D2’s evidence is that Leon Zhao was Fei’s choice as
legal representative. According to D2, Leon Zhao was a director of Tianjin
Kanbo. D2 was not particularly challenged on this aspect of his testimony.
Moreover, I was not persuaded that Choo, who had previously spoken to Fei, had
actually checked this important matter with Fei. Choo claimed to have asked
Fei who Leon Zhao was but could not remember Fei’s answer because it was not
clear. If as Choo reasoned that the identity of Leon Zhao was an obvious point
to raise with Fei, and that upon checking Fei did not give him a clear answer,
the natural thing to do was to press for a comprehensible answer.[note: 60]
This was not done.

99 In my view, Falmac has not established on the evidence that the appointment
of Leon Zhao as the legal representative of the Tianjin subsidiaries was
unlawful. As of 1 September 2009, only D2 and Fei were the remaining board
members of Falmac; both had approved Leon Zhao’s appointment.[note: 61] I have
earlier mentioned D2’s evidence that it was Fei who had chosen Leon Zhao as
the legal representative (see [98] above). During cross-examination, Wong
conceded that the change of legal representative from D2 to Leon Zhao was
approved by Falmac’s former board of directors.[note: 62]

100 Having regard to the fact that the change of legal representative took
place during the incumbency of the former board, it is not surprising that
Falmac’s pleaded case is that D2 was in breach of fiduciary duty for not
informing the shareholders of the change of legal representative (see [7]
above). This plea is a non-starter seeing that directors of a company
generally do not owe any fiduciary duties to the shareholders (see _Walter
Woon_ at para 8.127).

101 I noticed that with the exception of D2, the board members of the Tianjin
subsidiaries were apparently different from the former board. Although the
minutes of the former board’s resolution had not been discovered, the minutes
of the resolutions passed by the board members of the Tianjin subsidiaries
together with Falmac’s letters of appointment (signed by D2) approving the
appointment of Leon Zhao were disclosed.[note: 63] Notably, Falmac accepted
the authenticity of the minutes of the board resolutions of the Tianjin
subsidiaries that approved Leon Zhao’s appointment as legal representative of
the Tianjin subsidiaries as well as the authenticity of Falmac’s letters of
appointment approving the appointment of Leon Zhao. All these documents were
put together in an Agreed Bundle of documents whereby authenticity of the
documents was accepted by consent but not the contents thereof. See generally
_Goh Ya Tian v Tan Song Gou and others_ [1981]-[1982] SLR(R) 193 on meaning
and effect of agreed bundles of documents at trial. The appointment of Leon
Zhao was approved by the Commerce Commission of Ninghe.[note: 64] Again,
Falmac accepted the authenticity of the Commerce Commission’s certificate in
the Agreed Bundle.[note: 65]

102 Falmac’s case is that the change of legal representative was to pre-empt
the removal of D2 as a director of Falmac. Mr Quek pointed to the timing of
the change of legal representative which took place immediately after BCS
requisitioned for the EOGM on 5 October 2009 to remove D2 and Fei as directors
of Falmac. It is unclear how this contention assists Falmac. If D2 had wanted
to retain control of the Tianjin subsidiaries, there was really no need for D2
to relinquish his position as legal representative to Leon Zhao. The loss of
directorship in the holding company, Falmac, would not have any practical
effect on his status as legal representative seeing that: (a) the board
members of the Tianjin subsidiaries were different from the former board save
for D2, (b) D2 was a board member of the Tianjin subsidiaries, and (c) on
Falmac’s own case, D2 retained the company seals and business licences of the
Tianjin subsidiaries.

103 There is evidence that D2 advised Falmac’s external auditors in Singapore
that he had stepped down as Chairman of the Tianjin subsidiaries and held no
other appointment. In an e-mail dated 19 October 2009 to Celine Lim, the
manager of Falmac’s external auditors (who had earlier written to D2 for
information on 15 October 2009), D2 wrote:[note: 66]

I refer to your email on 15 October 2009.

Please note that I have resigned in September this year, as the Chairman of
the Board of Directors of both Falmac Textile (Tianjin) Co Ltd and Falmac
Machinery (Tianjin) Limited. I no longer have any appointment in the two
companies. My appointment as Chief Executive Officer and director of Falmac
Limited has also ceased.

104 Falmac was aware of Leon Zhao’s appointment before 1 December 2009. But
Falmac only announced that D2 had changed the legal representative without the
approval of Falmac on 9 March 2010. It also made the same announcement in the
Straits Times on 20 March 2010. Wong admitted that the new board never wrote
to D2 objecting to Leon Zhao’s appointment.[note: 67]

105 Mr Singh, acting for D2, drew the court’s attention to Falmac’s misleading
evidence. The impression Falmac wanted to give the court was that it had tried
to get back the Tianjin subsidiaries but was unsuccessful. This impression was
untrue. First, the civil indictments in China were not even served against D2
and Leon Zhao. The inability to serve the civil indictment on D2 to invalidate
Leon Zhao’s appointment had nothing to do with D2 evading service, as Falmac
led the court to believe. D2 had given to the company secretary his
residential address in Shanghai which was the same address Wong used to
communicate with D2 on 29 October 2009 to advise him of his removal as legal
representative of the Tianjin subsidiaries. However, Falmac did not give D2’s
residential address in Shanghai to its lawyers in China from Tianjin Yidao Law
Firm. This was confirmed by the witness, Liu Yan, a lawyer from Tianjin Yidao
Law Firm.[note: 68] Second, while the civil indictment against Leon Zhao was
for the return of the common seals,[note: 69] no such claim was made against
D2. Third, no police report was made in China that the Tianjin factories were
wrongfully taken by Leon Zhao or D2 as Wong admitted in cross-
examination.[note: 70]

Q:And you did this not by filing a claim in for theft but to invalidate an
appointment. Is it right?

A:Er, theft comes later because we have to have control of the factory.... We
cannot accuse somebody of theft even before we make entry to the factory. You
agree with me?

Q:No, Mr Wong. I’m suggesting to you on the basis if there’re no police
reports whatsoever and these are important documents to show somebody has
hijacked your factory because they’re serious charges to make against Charlie
that he has hijacked two big factories worth, as you say, [$]9.5 million, I’m
not suggesting to you on the basis there’re no...police reports, right, that
you are making it up.

A:It’s not true...

106 In my view, Falmac’s overall evidence lacked probative value such that
Falmac had not discharged its legal and evidential burden of proving that Leon
Zhao was D2’s nominee, that the use of a nominee was to disguise D2’s _de
facto_ control of the Tianjin subsidiaries, or that D2 had deliberately misled
the Commerce Commission of Ninghe to believe that D2 had resigned as legal
representative when he knew or must have known that this was false.

(2) Denial of access to the Tianjin factories and loss of effective control of
the same

107 Falmac’s case was essentially that D2 had prevented Choo and Kuan from
gaining access to the Tianjin factories (see [6] above).[note: 71] Falmac’s
version of events was as follows. On 20 October 2009, Choo and Kuan made a
trip to China to visit the Tianjin factories and to obtain the financial
records of the Tianjin subsidiaries in order to prepare Falmac’s consolidated
financial statements.[note: 72] Choo and Kuan first visited the Falmac Textile
factory but were denied access by the security guard at the entrance.[note:
73] Having no choice but to leave, Choo and Kuan then proceeded to visit the
nearby Falmac Machinery factory, whereupon they were attended by the factory’s
then General Manager, Zhang, who allowed Choo and Kuan into the factory but he
later instructed them to leave after receiving a telephone call from D2 who
directed Zhang to ask them to leave immediately.[note: 74]

108 D2 rejected Falmac’s version of events. D2 contended that he did not
prevent or exclude Falmac’s Choo or Kuan from the Tianjin factories. D2 also
challenged the sufficiency and reliability of the evidence of Falmac’s
witnesses, in particular Zhang’s evidence.

109 Dealing first with the Falmac Textile factory, I was of the view that
Falmac had not made out its claim. On the evidence of Falmac’s own witnesses,
there was nothing to link the events of 20 October 2009 at the Falmac Textile
factory to D2. Rather, the evidence suggested that at the time of the visit,
the factory had been locked up by a creditor bank after Falmac Textile
defaulted on a loan. I refer to the minutes of the meeting held by Falmac’s
new board of directors on 14 December 2009 wherein Choo informed the new board
as follows:[note: 75]

The Chairman [_ie_ , Choo] then proposed to the Board to rationalise the
textile businesses which would include the disposal of the continuous loss-
making business activities in the subsidiaries in China. He informed that both
the PRC subsidiaries have also defaulted on their loans with their existing
financiers, namely Avenue Asia Mauritius Ltd (in the case of Tianjin Falmac
Machinery Company Limited); and the Agricultural bank of Tianjin Falmac
Textile Company Limited. ...

110 To clarify, Avenue Asia Mauritius Ltd had obtained judgment against Falmac
Machinery in June 2009, and D2 had informed the company secretary of this
judgment on 21 and 26 July 2009.[note: 76]

111 A SGX announcement on 11 July 2011 by the new board on the proposed
divestment of the Tianjin subsidiaries contained the following
statement:[note: 77]

To the best of the Board’s knowledge, the Tianjin Subsidiaries had incurred
significant amount of debts. Avenue Asia Mauritius Limited has obtained a
judgment on Falmac Machinery (Tianjin) Ltd with respect to an outstanding debt
of approximately RMB12.1 million as at 31 December 2008 and had begun to sell
some of the assets of Falmac Machinery (Tianjin) Ltd including, _inter alia_ ,
the two staff apartments in Tianjin. **_Falmac Textile (Tianjin) Co. Ltd owed
approximately RMB19.2 million to Agricultural Bank of China as at 31 December
2008 resulting in its factory being locked up by Agricultural Bank of China_**
;

[emphasis added in bold italics]

112 While the evidence was unclear as to the exact date of the foreclosure,
this must have been soon after 31 December 2008.[note: 78] As such, it was
likely that Falmac’s alleged loss of control of the Falmac Textile factory was
due to the Agricultural Bank of China’s seizure of the property, rather than
D2’s actions.

113 As for the Falmac Machinery factory, there was conflicting evidence on
whether Choo and Kuan were denied access to the Falmac Machinery factory on
D2’s instructions. Zhang gave evidence that D2 had telephoned him soon after
Choo and Kuan had entered the factory, instructing him to ask them to leave
immediately.[note: 79] According to Zhang, because of this, he was fired by D2
the next day because he allowed Choo and Kuan to enter the factory.[note: 80]
On the other hand, D2 flatly denied these allegations at trial.[note: 81] D2
explained that Zhang was dismissed on the ground of conflict of interest
involving his wife’s business.

114 D2 argued that Zhang was not an independent witness because he was being
paid by Falmac to give evidence.[note: 82] After Zhang ceased to work for
Tianjin Machinery, Falmac employed Zhang as a “representative for China” from
late October 2009 to August 2011.[note: 83] Apparently, Zhang’s job was to
assist with Falmac’s lawsuits in China.[note: 84] However, in cross-
examination, Choo and Zhang seemed to agree with counsel for D2 that Zhang was
also engaged to give evidence in the present proceedings in Singapore. Choo’s
explanation in cross-examination was as follows[note: 85]:

A:He [Zhang] is just there to help us with our---our lawsuit, er, the legal
writ, er, er, working with our lawyer.

Q:Lawsuit in Singapore or in China?

A:In China.

Q:And in Singapore as well because he’s coming to give evidence?

A:Yah. We---we thought that, er, maybe he will give a better, you know, er,
affidavit---I mean witness here.

115 Zhang’s evidence in cross-examination was similar[note: 86]:

Q:So my question is during all this period and even today, you [Zhang] were
engaged primarily to give evidence in this Court against Charlie, right?

A:Yes, I’m here to testify.

Q:So I suggest to you that your evidence here today is unreliable and it’s not
to be believed because you have been paid to lie?

A:I disagree.

While I would not go so far as to conclude that Zhang’s evidence was entirely
fabricated, it was nevertheless unsafe to rely solely on his evidence that it
was D2 who had denied Choo and Kuan access to the Falmac Machinery factory.
The need to exercise caution stems from my observation that despite the
incident, Falmac did not protest at any time after the visit. The incident was
not given any prominence and significance until Falmac amended its pleadings
on 8 September 2010. Furthermore, now that the reverse takeover had failed,
the tendency to point the finger of blame at others is conceivable. In any
case, the incident at the Falmac Machinery factory is now a secondary issue as
the crux of Falmac’s case on the Tianjin subsidiaries seems to be the s 160
complaint - that D2 had caused Falmac’s shareholding in the Tianjin
subsidiaries to be transferred to a third party without the approval of
shareholders.

116 Before I move on to deal with the s 160 complaint, there is the matter of
PYC’s evidence. PYC was Falmac’s witness. He was called to testify that D2 was
still in control of the Tianjin subsidiaries as late as 14 June 2011 (see [92
(4)] above). PYC was at a Shanghai trade exhibition on 14 June 2011 and he met
D2 there. He testified that the Tianjin subsidiaries were participants and had
set up a booth at the trade exhibition. PYC was introduced to D2 by one Wu Qin
Piao who referred to D2 as the “boss” of the Tianjin subsidiaries. Falmac also
relied on D2’s name that was handwritten on the back of the business card of
the General Manager of the Tianjin subsidiaries. PYC got the card from his
customer who enquired of the General Manager as to the owner of the Tianjin
subsidiaries and he wrote down D2’s name on the back of his name card. D2 has
refuted PYC’s evidence in his second Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief. First, he
denies “any involvement or interest whatsoever, whether as shareholder or
director or legal representative or employee, in Falmac Machinery (Tianjin)
Ltd and/or Falmac Textile (Tianjin) Co Ltd.”[note: 87] Second, he denies
meeting or talking to PYC.[note: 88] He said that he was at the exhibition to
meet his former colleagues who had earlier told him that they would be in
Shanghai for the exhibition. In my view, PYC’s evidence is hearsay and has no
evidential value. Even if PYC’s evidence is admissible, it is not relevant
since it is not Falmac’s pleaded case that D2 has an interest in Sino Vision
and controlled the Tianjin subsidiaries through Leon Zhao and Sino Vision.

117 There is another related plea in the form of a general assertion in
paragraph 4(8) of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) that D2 was under a
duty to manage and deal with Falmac’s property in a trustee-like manner. It
was stated that the loss of effective control of the Tianjin factories was due
to D2’s breach of trust by reason of the unlawful appointment of Leon Zhao as
legal representative. I make two points. First, this plea is premised on the
appointment of Leon Zhao being unlawful. I have already explained that Falmac
has not established this assertion (see [99] above). Second, the general
assertion in paragraph 4(8) of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) is
simply unhelpful. A legal representative supposedly holds the company seals of
the subsidiary, which owns the property (the Tianjin factories in this case).
A holding company like Falmac is not the owner of the subsidiary’s assets.
That being the law, no duty of trusteeship is applicable here (see _Townsing_
at [57]).

The s 160 complaint

118 Under s 160 of the Companies Act, the directors of a company are
prohibited from carrying into effect any proposals for disposing of the whole
or substantially the whole of the company’s undertaking or property unless
those proposals have been approved by the company in general meeting. The
issue here was whether the former board (D2 included) acted in breach of this
provision in passing the board resolution to transfer the equity in the
Tianjin subsidiaries to Sino Vision and signing the Equity Agreements without
any shareholders’ approval. In the present action, Falmac is not disavowing
the equity transfer to Sino Vision.

119 In the first place, it is worth noting that far from D2 acting purely of
his own volition, the divestment of the Tianjin subsidiaries appears to have
originated from Wong and Choo in relation to plans for the reverse takeover.
In March 2009, before the new board had assumed its responsibilities, Wong,
Choo and D2 were working towards the disposal of the Tianjin subsidiaries for
a nominal sum of S$1 (see [40] above). I also refer to the various e-mails in
[31] to [35] above. This activity was consistent with the reverse takeover
plan whereby Falmac was to be restructured into a shell company.[note: 89]

120 One of the main points of contention regarding this issue was the
admissibility and authenticity of documents known as “Basic Information of
Foreign Investment Enterprise” (“the Basic Information documents”) lodged with
the Commercial & Industrial Bureau of Tianjin, China (“the Tianjin Commercial
Bureau”). Falmac introduced these documents to show that Sino Vision had
become the registered shareholder of the Tianjin subsidiaries. The Basic
Information documents, being copies of the originals, constituted secondary
evidence and thus would only be admissible in evidence if falling within one
of the exceptions in s 67(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the
EA”). Mr Quek submitted that the exception for public documents in s 67(1)(e)
of the EA applied. The Basic Information documents were thus admissible under
s 67(4) of the EA because they had been certified as true copies, as evidenced
by the red seal of the Tianjin Commercial Bureau on the documents. On the
other hand, Mr Singh submitted that the Basic Information documents were not
certified copies within the meaning of s 78 of the EA, as there was neither a
certification at the foot of the documents that they were true copies of the
originals nor a date on the seal.

121 I agreed with Mr Singh that the Basic Information documents could not be
produced as proof of the truth of the contents. Under s 64 read with s 66 of
the EA, the general rule is that documents must be proved by primary evidence,
_ie_ , the document itself must be produced for the inspection of the court.
The Basic Information documents did not constitute primary evidence and thus
had to fall within the exceptions in s 67 of the EA, the “public document”
exception in s 67(1)(e) being the most relevant exception. The Basic
Information documents were public documents within the meaning of s 76 of the
EA as they were records of public officers in a foreign country. Moreover, it
appeared that they were documents intended for public reference (see _Lim
Weipin and another v Lim Boh Chuan and others_ [2010] 3 SLR 423 at [44]).
However, as for the means of proof of such documents, the applicable provision
is s 80(g) of the EA, rather than s 78. Section 80(g) of the EA provides that
public documents in a foreign country may be proved in the following manner:

... by the original or by a copy certified by the legal keeper thereof, with a
certificate under the seal of a notary public or of a consular officer of
Singapore that the copy is duly certified by the officer having the legal
custody of the original and upon proof of the character of the document
according to the law of the foreign country.

122 In this case, the Basic Information documents did not contain such a
certification under the seal of a notary public or consular officer of
Singapore and were thus not proved.

123 Be that as it may, Falmac’s Chinese lawyer from Tianjin Yidao Law Firm, Mr
Xu Bo (“Mr Xu”), testified that he had attended at the Tianjin Commercial
Bureau to inspect the original documents lodged there. Mr Xu is permitted to
give an eye-witness account of what he saw (see s 65 (e) of the EA), but not
secondary evidence as to the truth of the contents of the documents he
inspected. For example, he is able to testify that he saw the name Sino
Vision, that he saw the shares registered in the name of Sino Vision and that
he saw the date 18 August 2011. (I accept the evidence that Sino Vision is the
translation in English of the name of the company in Chinese.) However, he was
not in a position to testify as to the truth of what he had seen.

124 Returning to the substantive complaint, I find that Falmac has not proven
that D2 was in breach of s 160 of the Companies Act or in breach of fiduciary
duty. I accept D2’s evidence that the Equity Agreements between Falmac and
Sino Vision were conditional contracts. There were two separate Equity
Agreements: one for each Tianjin subsidiary, although they were otherwise
identical. Article 7 in both Equity Agreements provided as follows:

**Article 7 Effecting Transfer of Equity**

1.Both parties shall, within 12 months after this Agreement is signed and
comes into effect, start and complete the formalities to effect the transfer
of the equity.

2.[Falmac] shall be responsible for completing the formalities to effect the
transfer of equity, including but not limited to preparing a board of
directors’ resolution of the [Tianjin subsidiaries] consenting to the transfer
and other necessary documents, recording the name of [Sino Vision] and its
shareholding in the shareholders’ register of the Target Company and
completing the commercial and industrial registration of changes, etc. [Sino
Vision] shall be responsible for submitting the relevant information necessary
for completing the formalities to effect the transfer and performing its other
obligations to render assistance and cooperation.

3.[Sino Vision] shall enjoy various legal rights and assume the obligations of
a shareholder upon completion of the formalities to effect the transfer of
equity according to this agreement.

125 The effect of Article 7, in particular sub-clauses (1) and (2), was that
the Equity Agreements were conditional on the approval of Falmac’s
shareholders, amongst other things. The terms of the Equity Agreements
indicate the parties’ understanding that the Equity Agreements were a
provisional arrangement, pending the actual validation of the transfer by the
relevant authorities and corporate organs of the parties involved. Article
7(1) provides a time frame of 12 months for the completion of “formalities to
effect the transfer of the equity”. Article 7(2) gives some examples of such
necessary formalities, _including but not limited to_ a board resolution
consenting to the transfer and completing the registration of changes in
Falmac’s shareholding, etc. Logically speaking, such formalities would also
include shareholder approval of the equity transfer as required by law, and
this was confirmed by D2 in the witness stand. In other words, the Equity
Agreements were expressed to take effect after formal approvals (including
shareholders’ approval) have been obtained. This position was confirmed by
D2’s testimony during the trial.[note: 90] This being the case, the Equity
Agreements being conditional contracts did not evidence an effective disposal
of the Tianjin subsidiaries by D2.

126 I now come to Mr Xu’s eye-witness testimony. He saw the date 18 August
2011 and the name of Sino Vision in Chinese. Assuming for the sake of argument
that this date, 18 August 2011, was the registration of the shares, this would
have been more than two years after the Equity Agreements were signed on 30
July 2009. It was envisaged in the Equity Agreements that the formalities
would be attended to and completed within one year failing which the Equity
Agreements would come to an end. Mr Singh surmised that since the date 18
August 2011 exceeds the stipulated period of one year, the only explanation is
that the Equity Agreements were extended with the involvement of the new
board.

127 I noted that the new board passed a resolution to divest the Tianjin
subsidiaries on 14 December 2009 and the divestment was subject to
shareholders’ approval. [note: 91] Despite claiming to have lost effective
control of the Tianjin subsidiaries with the appointment of Leon Zhao, and the
subsequent exclusion of Choo and Kuan from entering to the Tianjin factories,
Falmac still treated the Tianjin subsidiaries as company assets. It went ahead
with the divestment of the loss-making Tianjin subsidiaries, which was an
integral part of the reverse takeover plan. Falmac signed a memorandum of
understanding with Unitex on 21 May 2010 and a sale and purchase agreement
with Unitex on 11 July 2011 (“the Unitex SPA”). Under the Unitex SPA, the
aggregate sale consideration for 100% equity interest in the Tianjin
subsidiaries was S$2.[note: 92] The Unitex SPA was conditional upon: (a)
shareholders’ approval; (b) successful acquisition of the entire issued share
capital of CNMC; and (c) resumption of trading of Falmac’s shares on Catalist.
Under the Unitex SPA, the effective date of the transfer of the entire equity
interest in the Tianjin subsidiaries from Falmac to Unitex was 11 July 2011
even though the actual transfer had not taken place. As Falmac did not have
any business other than the Tianjin subsidiaries, it became a shell company
which would be de-listed if it remained without any viable business.[note: 93]

128 After executing the Unitex SPA, the reverse takeover was eventually
derailed. As it turned out, there were delays in resumption of trading. Falmac
was de-listed on 22 August 2011 for the reason that Falmac had difficulties
persuading SGX-ST to accept its resumption proposal submitted on 28 April
2011.[note: 94]

129 Despite admitting under oath on 18 July 2011 that the de-listing had to do
with Falmac’s resumption proposal that involved CNMC, Wong (as Falmac’s
Managing Director) disingenuously announced in the company’s Notification of
Delisting Date sometime after the 22 August 2011 that the company had become a
shell company with no business due to the inability of the company to access
the Tianjin factories as a result of the change of legal representative by D2.

130 Furthermore, there was no issue of non-disclosure of the Equity Agreements
to the new board in this case. The Equity Agreements were approved by the
former board in July 2009. The new board took over on 5 October 2009. By the
time the new board was appointed on 5 October 2009, D2 had himself been
removed on the same date.

131 Notably, it is not Falmac’s case that the resolution passed by the former
board in July 2009 was fraudulent or otherwise invalid. Neither is it Falmac’s
case that there was a causal link between the unauthorised appointment of the
legal representative argument and the s 160 complaint.

132 Anyhow, for the sake of argument, even if the appointment of Leon Zhao was
misguided or negligent, this would not expose D2 to a charge of breach of
fiduciary duty. As stated above, the various obligations of a fiduciary merely
reflect different aspects of the core duty of loyalty. A breach of fiduciary
obligation connotes disloyalty and beyond mere neglect. In any case, the court
usually does not inquire into the merits of a management decision honestly
arrived at (see [68] above). In this case, there were ostensibly management
reasons for the former board to approve the Equity Agreements to avoid
ligation, and seeing that Sino Vision would then take over and be responsible
for the liabilities of the Tianjin subsidiaries. [note: 95]

Conclusion on the unauthorised legal representative argument and the s 160
complaint

133 Having regard to the matters discussed above, the overall conclusion
reached in this Judgment is that Falmac has not proven its case against D2
under these two heads of complaints \- the unauthorised legal representative
argument and the s 160 complaint.

The secondary claims against D2

134 I now come to other breaches of fiduciary duty alleged in respect of D2. I
have referred to these complains as secondary claims (see [70] above). I have
also explained in [16] that the declaratory relief that Falmac is seeking is
superfluous. Although the action continued against D2, the secondary claims
were alleged against _all_ the directors. In my view, it is not enough to look
at what happened in the company and to simply say that as all the directors
are to be blamed D2 must therefore be in breach of directors’ duties.

Non-compliance with rules on AGM and financial statements

135 Falmac alleged various breaches of the rules relating to the convening of
an AGM and the presentation of financial statements, namely:

(1) Failure to convene Falmac’s AGM for the year ending 31 December 2008 by
the statutory deadline;

(2) Failure to present the financial statements to Falmac’s shareholders as
required under s 201(1) of the Companies Act, Rule 707(1) of the Listing Rules
and article 152 of the Articles of Association of Falmac;

(3) Failure to comply with s 201(3A) of the Companies Act in failing to
prepare the financial statements of Falmac in accordance with the Accounting
Standards;

(4) Failure to present the financial statements at an AGM accompanied by a
director’s statement as required by s 201(15) of the Companies Act.

136 The failure to convene the AGM by the statutory deadline did not give rise
to a breach of fiduciary duty on the part of D2. Section 175(1) of the
Companies Act provides that an AGM of a company must be held once every
calendar year and not more than 15 months after the last AGM. Rule 707(1) of
the Listing Rules further provides that the AGM must be held within four
months of the end of the company’s financial year. In this case, the deadline
for the AGM for the year ended 31 December 2008 was 30 April 2009\. The
Accounting & Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) and SGX-ST granted a two-
month extension (_ie_ , until 30 June 2009) for the AGM to be held, which was
not complied with. Subsequently, SGX-ST (but not ACRA) granted a further
extension until 31 July 2009, which was also not met.

137 However, Falmac’s AGM was delayed due to events not entirely within D2’s
control. At the start of 2009, Falmac was in financial difficulty and faced
problems in performing its accounting and finance functions following the
resignation of Falmac’s financial controller and her assistant.[note: 96] Choo
and BCS then engaged Bizcorp to take over Falmac’s accounts in February
2009.[note: 97] Thereafter, the further extension was requested due to a
breakdown of Falmac’s hard disk.[note: 98] According to D2’s evidence, the 31
July 2009 deadline was also not met because he was not able to verify the
financial statements prepared by Bizcorp without the source documents.[note:
99] It is not disputed that Falmac’s accounting records, papers and documents
were stored in a property owned by CNMC “to facilitate due diligence for the
purpose of RTO [reverse takeover] consideration.”[note: 100] To this end,
given that the accounting records and other papers were not readily available
to D2 without some cooperation from Choo, and under s 199 of the Companies
Act, a director is entitled to documents, D2’s insistence on verification with
the source documents was an approach he was entitled to take and adopt.

138 In any case, the AGM to approve Falmac’s 2008 financial statements was
eventually held on 14 December 2009[note: 101], without any monetary loss to
Falmac[note: 102] for missing the deadline.

139 In relation to the alleged breaches of duty relating to the financial
statements of Falmac, one preliminary point arises. Falmac’s pleadings which
asserted breaches of ss 201(1), 201(3A) and 201(15) were flawed. Section
201(1) of the Companies Act provides that the directors shall lay before the
company at its AGM a profit and loss account for the relevant period. However,
s 201(3A) provides that directors of a _holding company_ must ensure that
consolidated accounts and a balance sheet complying with the requirements of
the Accounting Standards are laid out before the company at its AGM, and
expressly excludes the need to comply with s 201(1). It is thus impossible to
be in breach of both s 201(1) and s 201(3A) at the same time. Since Falmac
appears to fall within the definition of a holding company in s 5 of the
Companies Act, only s 201(3A) and s 201(15) remain to be considered. Section
201(15) of the Companies Act provides that every balance sheet and profit and
loss account laid before a company in general meeting shall be accompanied by
a statement signed by two directors.

140 While directors have a statutory duty to ensure that the company’s
accounts are properly prepared, a breach of the latter does not automatically
result in a breach of fiduciary duty (see [67] above). The essential question
to be considered is whether D2 acted honestly and with the same degree of care
and skill as a reasonable director in his position. With regards to s 201(3A)
of the Companies Act, Falmac pleaded that D2 had not given available
information on the Falmac’s subsidiaries to the auditors for the purpose of
preparing the consolidated financial statements. However, Falmac failed to
show that D2 in fact held back such information from the auditors, and also
did not specify any breach of the Accounting Standards. As for s 201(15),
_viz_ , the requirement to present a company’s financial statements
accompanied by a directors’ statement at an AGM, D2 did not act unreasonably
or in breach of his fiduciary duties for the same reasons above. There were
significant difficulties in preparing Falmac’s accounts at the relevant time,
such as the departure of financial personnel, the delegation of accounting
functions to Bizcorp as well as the breakdown of Falmac’s hard disk. I also
accepted D2’s evidence that he and the former board had refrained from signing
the financial statements prepared by the auditors until they had ascertained
for themselves the veracity of the financial statements. In any case, it was
again not disputed that Falmac did not suffer any monetary loss as a result of
the delay in presenting its accounts.[note: 103]

Non-compliance with directorship requirements

141 Falmac alleged that D2 was in breach of his fiduciary duties by failing to
ensure that Falmac complied with the directorship requirements in the Listing
Rules. The three independent directors on the former board had resigned on 30
July 2009, leaving D2 and Fei on Falmac’s board of directors until the new
board took over on 5 October 2009. In particular, Falmac alleged the following
breaches of the Listing Rules on the part of D2:

(1) Failure to provide reasons for the cessation of David Lu and Wei Ying as
directors of Falmac on 30 July 2009.

(2) Failure to make the necessary announcement despite SGX-ST query on 31 July
2009.

(3) Failure to appoint independent directors.

(4) Failure to appoint at least one independent director resident in
Singapore.

(5) Failure to meet the minimum number (not less than three) required for an
audit committee.

142 In addition, Falmac also alleged that D2 had breached his fiduciary duty
by allowing his employment pass to expire without renewal and had instead
updated ACRA with his foreign address, thereby causing Falmac to be in breach
of the legal requirement for Falmac to have a resident director.

143 The Listing Rules prescribe certain procedures and requirements to be met
regarding directors in a listed company. Under Rule 720 read with Rule
210(5)(c) and Rule 221 of the Listing Rules, the company’s board must have at
least two independent non-executive directors resident in Singapore. Rule
704(8) of the Listing Rules provides that in the event of any resignation that
renders the audit committee unable to meet the minimum requirements of three
directors, the company must endeavour to fill the vacancy within two months,
but in any case not later than three months. Further, Rule 704(7) read with
Appendix 7.4.2 of the Listing Rules provides that any cessation of service of
key persons such as directors must be announced together with detailed reasons
for the cessation.

144 While it was clear that there was non-compliance with the Listing Rules
with regard to the minimum number of resident and independent directors of
Falmac, this did not automatically result in a breach of D2’s fiduciary duty
as a director. This complaint did not take off as Falmac did not (although it
was required to) identify the specific fiduciary obligation of which D2 is
alleged to have been in breach.

145 As for the requirements for the audit committee and independent directors
of Falmac under Rule 704(8) of the Listing Rules, it was clear that in early
2009, Choo was pushing for the independent directors to resign so that he and
two others could take over. In Choo’s earlier e-mail to D2 dated 20 January
2009, D2 was asked to get the three independent directors to resign (see [31]
above). His second e-mail reads:[note: 104]

Dear Charlie,

This email is to inform you that I have (sic) going to send the Attached Forms
to the 3 new director to fill up in preparation for the resignation of
Falmac’s incumbent IDs.

The 3 new directors are myself, KK Teo and Kuan Cheng Tuck.

146 On 23 January 2009, the resignation of the three independent directors was
again raised by Choo. He informed D2 that the resignation letter should be
undated.[note: 105] There were further communications on the resignation of
the independent directors. Apparently the undated resignation letters were
submitted to the company secretary but not acted upon. It appears from D2’s
e-mail to the company secretary that the resignations were being held up until
the 2008 accounts were completed.[note: 106]

147 Eventually, the three independent directors decided to proceed with the
resignations on 30 July 2009.[note: 107] D2 could hardly retain them as
directors against their will and Falmac was in no financial position to
appoint new directors. Regarding the provision of reasons for cessation of
service of directors under Rule 704(7) of the Listing Rules, it was the three
independent directors themselves who had cited “personal reasons” for their
resignations and refused to provide any further details.[note: 108] Further,
it was the company secretary who omitted to record “personal reasons” in the
announcement made to the SGX-ST.[note: 109]

148 As for two independent directors resident in Singapore pursuant to Rule
720 read with Rule 210(5)(c) and Rule 221 of the Listing Rules, again, Falmac
had not identified the fiduciary obligation of which he is alleged to have
been in breach. In any case, D2 had made arrangements to renew his employment
pass.[note: 110] However, according to D2, the Ministry of Manpower refused to
renew D2’s employment pass due to Falmac’s poor track record in paying their
CPF contributions for its employees.[note: 111] It was also unclear how a
breach of fiduciary duty was made out on the basis that D2 had updated his
address to a foreign address. Rather, the true nature of Falmac’s complaint
appeared to be that D2 breached his fiduciary duty by failing to appoint
another local director before his own status as a resident director lapsed.
This complaint was unsustainable because there were plans to sign in the new
board as directors since early 2009, which would have fulfilled the
requirements for a resident director, although there were setbacks due to
disagreements between the former board and the new board.

149 In any case, Falmac did not plead any incidental financial loss or
consequences for the above breaches of directorship requirements, which have
already been rectified with the appointment of the new board.

Non-disclosure of the judgment against Falmac Machinery to SGX-ST

150 Falmac’s complaint was that D2 failed to disclose to the SGX-ST the fact
that a judgment for RMB12.1m in the Chinese courts had been obtained in June
2009 against Falmac Machinery by a creditor, Avenue Asia Mauritius Ltd.[note:
112] On 21 July 2009, D2 had sent the original judgment to the company
secretary’s assistant, Lynette Tan, who then asked D2 for an official
translation of the judgment in the English language.[note: 113] D2 replied on
26 July 2009, providing the main points of the judgment translated into
English and explaining that Falmac could not afford to obtain an official
translation of the judgment.[note: 114] Eventually, D2 wrote to SGX-ST itself
in an e-mail dated 15 August 2009 mentioning the court order.[note: 115] At
that time, Falmac was already in financial difficulty and could not afford to
have the Chinese judgment translated officially. In these circumstances, D2
did what he could to disclose the Chinese judgment. There is no justification
for treating D2’s actions as demonstrating non-disclosure or a failure to act
with reasonable diligence. In any event, Falmac again did not plead any
financial consequences or loss in respect of this non-disclosure.

The Bih Li & Lee resolution

151 Falmac’s complaint here was that D2, together with Fei, had passed a
directors’ resolution appointing Bih Li & Lee to act for Falmac without
Falmac’s consent or approval. This resolution was passed on 4 September 2009
for the purposes of applying for an injunction restraining BCS and the company
secretary from convening an EOGM.[note: 116] With respect, this claim was a
non-starter. As of 4 September 2009, Falmac’s board of directors consisted of
only D2 and Fei, both of whom signed the above resolution. Indeed, in cross-
examination, Wong accepted that Bih Li & Lee were duly appointed to act with
the consent and approval of Falmac.[note: 117]

Other matters: Falmac’s claim of RMB 47m for the Tianjin subsidiaries

152 Having regard to the conclusions reached in this judgment, Falmac’s claim
for damages falls on the wayside. However, for the sake of completeness, I
propose to comment on the claim for damages mainly from the perspective of
causation.

153 In relation to the question of what remedy is available in respect of a
breach of fiduciary duty, in claiming common law damages, Falmac has to prove
that the breach of the particular fiduciary obligation caused the loss
alleged. In other words, there must be a causal link between the relevant
wrong and the relevant loss, if proved. In my view, the casual link is missing
in this case.

154 Besides, proof of loss is difficult. According to D2, the debt-for-share
transaction involved the discharge of debts owed by the Tianjin subsidiaries
and acquired by Sino Vision as well as the discharge of Falmac’s indebtedness
to the Tianjin subsidiaries. [note: 118] In addition, under the Equity
Agreements, Sino Vision assumed responsibility for the remaining debts owed by
the Tianjin subsidiaries to other creditors. In other words, the debt-for-
share transaction would have provided relief to the balance sheet of the
Tianjin subsidiaries and in turn that of Falmac’s.

155 With regards to the net asset value of the Tianjin subsidiaries, the
aggregate figure of RMB 47m was derived from the audited financial statements
of the Tianjin subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2008 (“the 2008
Tianjin financial statements”). In the course of answering counsel’s question
on legal steps taken to regain control of the Tianjin subsidiaries, Wong
conceded that the new board could not ascertain whether the aggregate figure
of RMB 47m as shown in accounts of the Tianjin subsidiaries was true or
false.[note: 119] He also confirmed that Falmac’s auditors in Singapore had
disclaimed the accuracy of the 2008 Tianjin financial statements.[note: 120]

156 Whilst the 2008 Tianjin financial statements showed that the net asset or
net equity of Falmac Textile was as RMB 22,929,287 and that of Falmac
Machinery as RMB 24,506,075,[note: 121] Falmac’s 2008 consolidated financial
statements, which were based on the 2008 Tianjin financial statements, showed
the value of the net assets of the Tianjin subsidiaries at only
S$28,000.[note: 122] That is not the end of the discrepancy. D2 pointed out
that Falmac’s 2008 consolidated financial statements contained a disclaimer
regarding the financial statements of the Tianjin subsidiaries[note: 123] and
that the Singapore auditors responsible for Falmac’s 2008 consolidated
financial statements had highlighted to him certain issues that were not
considered by the Chinese auditors in the 2008 Tianjin financial
statements.[note: 124] In other words, the figures in the 2008 Tianjin
financial statements as well as Falmac’s consolidated financial statements
have not been verified and cannot be safely relied upon as evidence of the
value of the Tianjin subsidiaries.

157 Moreover, Wong in cross-examination accepted that the figure of RMB 47m in
the 2008 Tianjin financial statements would not have included the judgment
debt of RMB 12.1m in favour of Avenue Asia Mauritius Ltd or the RMB 19.2 m
owed to the Agriculture Bank of China, and that the value of the assets was
practically zero according to Falmac’s Singapore auditors.[note: 125] However,
Kuan disagreed, maintaining that RMB 47m took into account the Tianjin
subsidiaries’ indebtedness to two creditors. In short, Falmac’s own witnesses
provided contradictory evidence on the same matter.

158 The fallback position is that value of the Tianjin subsidiaries must be at
least RMB 11m seeing that the Equity Agreements provided for a total
consideration of approximately RMB 11m for Falmac’s shareholding in the
Tianjin subsidiaries. However, it is not clear how RMB 11m would prove the
loss in value of the Tianjin subsidiaries when the Equity Agreements were each
structured as a debt-for-share transaction and the responsibility for the
remaining debts owed to other creditors was assumed by Sino Vision.

The Counterclaim

159 D2’s counterclaim is for a total sum of S$1,839,033.25 for breach of his
written employment contract with Falmac, and the particulars of which are as
follows:

(1) Salary as at end December 2008 of S$942,186.40;

(2) Salary between 1January 2009 to 20 July 2009 of S$183,333.33;

(3) Loan to Falmac on 24 January 2008 of S$30,000;

(4) Approved director’s fees for the years 2006 to 2008 of S$45,000;

(5) Credit card expenses of S$56,202.23;

(6) Reimbursement for amounts paid to the Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore (“IRAS”) of S$24,530.94;

(7) Further amounts owed to IRAS of S$57,780.35;

(8) Severance compensation of S$500,000; and

(9) An indemnity for interest and/or legal costs or penalties which may be
imposed by IRAS or the credit card companies.

160 D2 was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of Falmac pursuant to an
employment contract dated 15 December 2004 (the “Employment Contract”), which
was signed by D2 and by David Lu on behalf of Falmac. The Employment Contract
contained the following material clauses: [note: 126]

...

4\. _Base Compensation_

As base compensation, you will receive a gross salary of S$280,000 per annum
paid to you equally on a monthly basis. You have the option to elect to have
the money paid to you in Singapore (in Singapore dollars) or in People’s
Republic of China (in RMB) or a combination of both.

...

9\. _Travel Allowance_

You will be entitled to the same travel allowances (and other benefits)
enjoyed by the Singapore-based Company employees while travelling outside of
Singapore.

10\. _Bonus_

The Company will pay you a one-time sign-on bonus of US$25,000.

The Company will pay you an annual Performance Bonus equal to 3% of the
Company’s net profit. The Performance Bonus is payable within fifteen (15)
days after the filing of the Company’s year-end financials with the SGX.

11\. _Taxation_

The Company will be responsible for your personal income tax liabilities in
PRC and/or Singapore. The Company will exercise its best effort to help you
minimize your personal income taxes as long as the Company is not
disadvantaged by such acts. The Company will pay for all your personal income
tax preparation and filing, both foreign and local.

...

14\. _Severance Compensation_

14.1... [Y]ou will be entitled to Severance Compensation upon the termination
of your employment with the Company calculated according to the following
formula:

Total Severance Compensation = S$150,000 +(Three Months’ Base Salary*) x
(Number of years of Service with the [plaintiff])

*Defined as the last drawn monthly Base Salary immediately prior to the time of termination

14.2You will forfeit the Severance Compensation should the termination of your
employment be due to:

(i)voluntary resignation by the [defendant]; or

(ii)dismissal for cause as provided by Clause 15.2; or

...

16\. _Termination of Contract_

15.1Either party may terminate your employment with the Company by giving
three (3) months’ notice to the other party, or by payment in lieu of notice.

...

161 Falmac’s objection is in relation to the Employment Contract, which Falmac
contends was not formally approved by the board of directors or the
remuneration committee.[note: 127] There was also no board resolution
authorising David Lu to sign the Employment Contract. Falmac also asserts that
D2’s salary was intended to be paid by the Tianjin subsidiaries but it led no
evidence in support of this assertion.

162 D2’s case is that his Employment Contract was negotiated and approved by
the remuneration committee, as represented by Fei, David Lu, and Lu Jing
(another independent director of Falmac at that time), at a meeting in
December 2004.[note: 128] As such, the former board had been fully apprised of
the terms of his employment, as evidenced by various documents such as
Falmac’s annual reports and financial statements covering the relevant
periods.

Board approval of the Employment Contract

163 Under Falmac’s Articles of Association, the board of directors had the
power to determine the remuneration of a director in respect of his service as
employee, without the need for approval of Falmac’s members in general
meeting.[note: 129] In addition, the board of directors also had the power to
approve travel expenses and other fees for an executive director.[note: 130]
However, in the present case, the Employment Contract was signed on behalf of
Falmac by an individual independent director, David Lu. There was no
documented evidence in the form of board resolution approving D2’s Employment
Contract or authorising David Lu to sign the Employment Contract.

164 The general principle of company law is that the directors must act
collectively through resolutions at proper board meetings, unless specifically
authorised to act individually (see _SAL Industrial Leasing Ltd v Hydtrolmech
Automation Services Pte Ltd and others_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 676 at [42]; _Agency
Law_ (Roger Billins) (Longman, 1993) at [B1.28]). However, there is no general
requirement that the remuneration of a normal employee must be formally
approved by the board of directors (see _Scintronix Corp Ltd (formerly known
as TTL Holdings Ltd) v Ho Kang Peng and another_ [2013] SGHC 34 at [29]).
Where all the directors informally assent to an agreement which is signed by
one of the directors on behalf of the company, such assent is as binding as a
board resolution and the agreement will be binding on the company (see _SAL
Industrial Leasing Ltd v Lin Hwee Guan_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 31 at [27]). In other
words, where the board of directors informally acquiesces to an individual
director’s acceptance of a contract on behalf of the company, this is
sufficient to vest authority in that director (see _Kwee Seng Chio Peter v
Biogenics Sdn Bhd_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 482 (“ _Kwee Seng Chio_ ”) at [27]-[29]).
As such, in order for D2’s counterclaim to succeed, it had to be shown that
Falmac’s board had informally assented to: (1) the terms of D2’s Employment
Contract; and (2) David Lu’s acceptance of the Employment Contract on behalf
of Falmac.

165 I am satisfied that the evidence in this case is sufficient to bear out
D2’s claim based on the Employment Contract. I accept D2’s evidence that the
terms of his Employment Contract was negotiated and agreed upon by Falmac’s
then board of directors, and also that David Lu had signed the Employment
Contract with the assent of the rest of the directors. This was what D2 said
in his cross-examination:[note: 131]

Q:15th of December 2004, you were appointed as the company CEO?

A:Yes.

Q:Who appointed you?

A:Mr Fei and a few of the other directors then, Mr David Lu and another by the
name of Lu Jing. ... [T]here were three directors and a financial controller,
the four of them.

Q:These people are not coming to Court to testify on your behalf, are they?

A:I don’t know.

Q:Now Mr Cheng, I understand that there is no board resolution to your
appointment, do you agree?

A:I disagree.

Q:Meaning you have a board resolution on your appointment as CEO?

A:When I came, there was a board and then they had a meeting. After
discussions, the three of them and David checked my employment contract.

166 Despite the absence of any minutes of board meetings or corroborating
testimony, D2’s version of events was credible in light of the contemporaneous
documentary evidence. First of all, Falmac’s annual reports from 2005 to 2007
showed D2’s remuneration at above S$250,000 for each respective year,[note:
132] indicating that Falmac’s board of directors must have agreed on D2’s
salary of S$280,000 as provided for in the Employment Contract. A board
resolution on D2’s appointment serves as documentary evidence approving such
an agreement; in its absence, other forms of documentary evidence, such as the
annual reports, may be relied upon. In _Auston International Group Ltd and
another v Ng Swee Hua_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 628 (“ _Auston International_ ”), the
Court of Appeal held that the respondent was the owner of certain convertible
bonds on the basis of the company’s annual accounts, even though the company
had not issued the physical bond certificates. The reasoning in _Auston
International_ was as follows (at [26]):

26 Counsel for the appellants has not produced any statutory or case authority
to show that because the bond certificates had not been issued, Austo _n’s
acknowledgement in its books that the_ respondent was the owner of the
Convertible Bonds could not provide a legal basis upon which the respondent
could convert them into the Conversion Shares. We agree with the Judge that
the bond _c_ ertificates in the _present c_ ase were only _documentar_ y
evidence of the respondent’s ownership of the bonds. The failure of the
appellants to procure the issue of the certificates could not be a ground for
depriving the respondent ownership of the Convertible Bonds.[emphasis added]

167 In _Greene King plc v Harlow District Council_ [2004] 1 WLR 2339, Goldring
J upheld a lower court’s decision that the appellant company was a “proprietor
of a food business” for the purpose of food safety regulations based primarily
on statements made in the appellant’s annual report.

168 Similarly, Falmac’s annual reports can be said to have acknowledged D2’s
appointment as Chief Executive Officer on the terms of the Employment
Contract. The annual reports stated D2’s designation as Chief Executive
Officer and showed his salary as above S$250,000. The annual reports contained
a directors’ statement that the accompanying financial statements in the
reports gave a “true and fair view of the state of affairs” of Falmac.[note:
133] Moreover, as the annual reports stated that the function of the
remuneration committee was to review the remuneration packages of each
executive director and executive officers of Falmac, in the ordinarily course
of things, the remuneration committee would have reviewed and consented to the
terms of D2’s appointment on the terms in the Employment Contract.

169 However, there were certain ostensible inconsistencies in the annual
reports that needed to be clarified. The 2005 annual report contained the
following statement[note: 134]:

As the Company has incurred a loss for the year ended 31 December 2005, only
the Executive Director, Mr Charlie Cheng Ji Lai _received remuneration of not
more than $300,000_. No other remuneration in the form of salary were paid or
declared to the other directors, namely, Mr Fei Xue Jun, Mr David Lu Hai Ge,
Ms Lu Jing and Ms Yu Wei Ying in the financial year ended 31 December 2005. A
breakdown, showing the level and mix of each individual director’s
remuneration _paid or payable_ for the financial year ended 31 December 2005
is as follows: [emphasis added]

170 Similar statements were also found in the 2006 and 2007 annual
reports.[note: 135] This gave rise to two possible interpretations: (1)
remuneration of not more than S$300,000 was _actually paid_ to D2; or (2)
remuneration of not more than S$300,000 was _payable_ , but unpaid. After
examining the annual reports in greater detail, I accepted version (2) as the
more accurate interpretation. The notes to the financial statements in the
2005 annual report recorded an amount of S$390,000 due to Falmac’s directors,
which was stated to be unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.[note:
136] This amount increased to S$570,000 in the 2006 annual report[note: 137]
and to S$945,000 in the 2007 annual report.[note: 138] Falmac’s 2008 annual
report showed a sum of S$1,363,000 owing to the directors for the financial
year ended 31 December 2008[note: 139], which was confirmed by the 2009 annual
report as the total amount owing to the “former directors”.[note: 140] These
sums could not have been references to accruals for directors’ fees, as these
were recorded separately. Rather, the logical inference was that these sums
referred to directors’ salaries that were deferred from 2005 onwards.[note:
141] Given that the only salaried director was D2, the conclusion must be that
D2’s remuneration was payable, but not paid to him.

171 I should add at this point that Wong in his oral testimony conceded that
the new board was not disputing what is recorded in the accounting records and
submitted to the public in the annual reports.[note: 142]

172 The second category of documentary evidence that I considered was Falmac’s
2008 management accounts, also known as statements of account. Falmac’s 2008
annual report, which was only published on 18 November 2009[note: 143], did
not reflect D2’s salary for 2008\. This was because by that time, the new
board had taken over Falmac’s affairs and was disputing D2’s salary.[note:
144] However, Falmac’s statements of account as at 31 December 2008 showed
D2’s salary at S$280,000, as well as travelling allowances.[note: 145] These
statements of account were prepared by Falmac’s finance personnel, one Lim
Shwu Peng, and I accepted her evidence that they were verified and prepared in
accordance with normal company procedures.[note: 146]

173 Thirdly, correspondence between IRAS and various representatives of Falmac
also confirmed D2’s salary as stated in the Employment Contract, and that his
salary had not been paid by Falmac. Falmac’s financial controller had written
to IRAS in April 2008 confirming D2’s annual salary at S$280,000.[note: 147]
In April 2009, Fei, the other executive director on the former board, had also
written to IRAS confirming that D2’s salary and directors fees for the
financial years 2007 and 2008, as well as any prior outstanding amounts owing
to D2, had not been paid.[note: 148]

174 Finally, the evidence adduced in the course of the trial indicated on the
whole that Falmac and its staff regarded D2 as its Chief Executive Officer and
Executive Director from 2004 to 2009. For example, an “Employee Resignation
Agreement”, dealing with the resignation of one of Falmac’s former employees,
was signed off by D2 as Chief Executive Officer of Falmac.[note: 149] Much of
the correspondence relied upon by the parties in the course of the trial was
also signed off by D2 as Chief Executive Officer, or referred to him in that
capacity.[note: 150] For instance, D2 corresponded frequently with SGX-ST
regarding Falmac’s compliance matters.[note: 151]

175 Based on the overall evidence before me, I find that the Employment
Contract was valid and had full binding effect on Falmac. Similar to the
factual scenarios in _Kwee Seng Chio_ , the reasonable inference from the
evidence was that David Lu signed the Employment Contract with the consent and
authority of the board, even though there was no formal board resolution
authorising him to do so. Consequently, I also dismissed Falmac’s argument
that D2 was intended to be paid by the Tianjin subsidiaries as a bare
assertion.

Director’s fees

176 The issue regarding D2’s claim for directors’ fees of S$45,000 was whether
such fees had been separately approved by Falmac in general meeting. Wong’s
concession narrated in [171] above extends to this claim for unpaid director’s
fees. Equally, Mr Quek in his Closing Submissions did not dispute and take
issue with this claim for S$45,000.

177 In Falmac’s 2006 and 2007 annual reports, the range of directors’ fees due
to D2 was stated to be 5% of his total remuneration and “subject to approval
by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting”. [note: 152] The 2006 and 2007
annual reports each contained a notice of AGM, and stated that all
shareholders would receive the annual report and be given the opportunity to
air their views at the AGM.[note: 153] This was in line with the statutory
requirement in s 201(1) of the Companies Act that the directors lay the
accounts before the company at the AGM.

178 In the present case, there is no suggestion at all that the AGMs called
for the periods in question did not take place. Relying on s 116 (f) of EA
that the common course of business has been followed, the court is permitted
to presume that resolutions authorising the directors to receive remuneration
as in director’s fees, had been passed in the general meetings of the company.
Directors’ fees for the years 2006 to 2007 were in all likelihood approved and
carried into effect in the relevant general meetings.

179 D2’s director’s fees for the year 2008 were reflected in Falmac’s 2008
statements of account together with the outstanding fees from 2006 and 2007,
which came up to a total sum of S$45,000.[note: 154] The AGM for the 2008
financial year was called by the new board on 14 December 2009.[note: 155]
Again, in the absence of any evidence to the contrary, the 2008 directors’
fees were likely approved at the AGM.

180 Accordingly, I accept D2’s claim for S$45,000 as proven.

Severance compensation

181 Similar to directors’ fees, the issue regarding D2’s severance
compensation under clause 14 of the Employment Contract (see [160] above) is
whether it had been approved by the company in general meeting. Section 168(1)
of the Companies Act prohibits any payment by a company to any director by way
of compensation for loss of office as an officer of the company or as
consideration for or in connection with his retirement from any such office,
unless the particulars of the proposed payment, including the amount thereof,
have been disclosed to the members of the company and the proposal has been
approved by the company in general meeting. Payment to an executive director
as compensation for the loss of his employment was compensation for the loss
of office as an officer of the company within the meaning of s 168 of the
Companies Act (see _Goh Kim Hai Edward v Pacific Can Investment Holdings Ltd_
[1996] 1 SLR(R) 540).

182 In this case, there was no evidence that D2’s severance compensation was
disclosed to or approved by Falmac in general meeting. As D2’s claim could
only have arisen after he resigned as Chief Executive Officer in July 2009,
this amount also did not appear in any of Falmac’s annual reports. Thus, D2
has not established his claim to severance compensation of S$500,000.

Loan, credit card expenses, and amounts to IRAS

183 D2 had provided supporting documents in the form of Falmac’s monthly
statements of account ending with the statement of account as at 31 December
2008 for these claims. As the debts were recognised in the accounting records
of Falmac, Wong conceded to the claims in his oral evidence.[note: 156]
Notably, Mr Quek in his Closing Submissions did not take issue with the loan
and amounts paid to IRAS. However, he objected to the credit card charges as
D2 did not produce credit card statements to show details of the transactions.
In my view, this objection was thin in the light of evidence adduced by D2.
Moreover, the expenses were verified by Lim Shwu Peng, a former accounts
executive of Falmac as well as Falmac’s financial controller.

Outcome of D2’s counterclaim: a summary

184 In light of the discussion above, I now summarise my findings on D2’s
Counterclaim:

(1) _Salary arrears_ : D2 succeeds in his claim for the amounts of
S$942,186.40 and S$183,333.33 being salary arrears as of 20 July 2009, which
was the date of D2’s cessation of service.

(2) _Loan to Falmac_ : This loan amount of S$30,000 was reflected in Falmac’s
2008 statements of account[note: 157] and also confirmed by Lim Shwu Peng, a
former accounts executive of Falmac.[note: 158] The loan was also not disputed
by Wong in cross-examination.[note: 159] Accordingly, this claim of S$30,000
is allowed.

(3) _Director’s fees_ : This claim of S$45,000 is allowed.

(4) _Severance compensation_ : This claim of S$500,000 is dismissed.

(5) _Credit card expenses_ : This amount of S$56,202.23 for the reimbursement
of travelling and other expenses incurred on his credit card is allowed.[note:
160]

(6) _Reimbursement for amounts paid to IRAS_ : The reimbursements are for the
amount of S$57,780.35 being income tax payments to IRAS, as well as the amount
of S$24,530.94 being payments to IRAS which had allegedly been deducted from
D2’s personal accounts. Pursuant to clause 11 of the Employment Contract (see
[160] above), Falmac was responsible for D2’s liability. Thus, D2’s claim for
S$57,780.35, which was evidenced by an IRAS statement of account dated 12
January 2011 is allowed. [note: 161] With regard to the amount of S$24,530.94
claimed by D2, the IRAS statement of account dated 11 April 2009 produced only
indicated a balance of S$21,123.62 but as Wong accepted the claim figure of
S$24,530.94, and Mr Quek did not object to this item of claim and quantum in
his Closing Submissions, the claim of S$24,530.94 is allowed.

(7) _Indemnity from IRAS or credit card companies_ : This relief is sought in
D2’s pleadings but it was not developed and pursued in Mr Singh’s Closing
Submissions. Accordingly, no order is made.

Conclusion

185 In conclusion, Falmac’s action against D2 is dismissed. As for D2’s
Counterclaim, there is judgment in favour of D2 in the total sum of
$1,339,033.25 together with interest thereon at the rate of 5.33% per annum
from the date of the Writ to payment. Falmac is to pay D2’s costs of the
action and counterclaim.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [18] and Reply and Defence to
Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at [21].

[note: 2]Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at [27]-[29].

[note: 3]Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at [6].

[note: 4]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [17].

[note: 5]Falmac’s Closing Submissions at [155].

[note: 6]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.9.12 at pp 4, 6 & 82.

[note: 7]1AB 115.

[note: 8]1AB 34.

[note: 9]1AB 35.

[note: 10]1AB 93-94.

[note: 11]1AB 157.

[note: 12]1AB 138.

[note: 13]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.9.12 at p 81.

[note: 14]1AB 246.

[note: 15]Falmac’s Closing Submissions at [6].

[note: 16]Falmac’s Closing Submissions at [7].

[note: 17]3AB 767.

[note: 18]3AB 769.

[note: 19]3AB 803.

[note: 20]3AB 836.

[note: 21]3AB 835.

[note: 22]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.9.12 at p 82.

[note: 23]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.9.12 at pp 4, 6 & 82.

[note: 24]3AB 842.

[note: 25]3AB 728.

[note: 26]3AB 847-849.

[note: 27]3AB 847-849.

[note: 28]3AB 843-844.

[note: 29]3AB 838.

[note: 30]3AB 855-856.

[note: 31]4AB 1058.

[note: 32]2AB 326, 336-340.

[note: 33]2AB 439, 445.

[note: 34]2AB 435, 441.

[note: 35]2AB 612-615; 4AB 1129.

[note: 36]2AB 414-423.

[note: 37]2AB 424-433.

[note: 38]Liu Yan’s AEIC dated 16.5.11 at [14].

[note: 39]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at [27].

[note: 40]Xu Bo’s 2nd AEIC dated 6.9.12 at p 10.

[note: 41]Transcripts of Evidence dated 19.9.12 at p 6.

[note: 42]2AB 357.

[note: 43]4AB 1267.

[note: 44]2DB at pp 5-6.

[note: 45]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7.11 at p 59.

[note: 46]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7.11 at p 59.

[note: 47]Statement of Claim filed on 30.10.09 at [14].

[note: 48]4AB 1140.

[note: 49]4AB 1167-1169.

[note: 50]1AB 259.

[note: 51]1AB 259; Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7. 11 at pp 69-70.

[note: 52]4AB 1186.

[note: 53]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7.11 at p 61.

[note: 54]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7.11 at 70.

[note: 55]4AB 1329.

[note: 56]Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at [27] & [29].

[note: 57]4AB 1303.

[note: 58]Falmac’s Closing Submissions at [98].

[note: 59]D2’s 2nd AEIC dated 12.7.11 at [8].

[note: 60]Transcripts of Evidence dated 20.7.11 at pp 6-7.

[note: 61]Defendant’s AEIC dated 8.3.11 at [191].

[note: 62]Transcripts of Evidence dated 19.7.11 at pp 7 & 34.

[note: 63]2AB 437,443, 439 & 445.

[note: 64]2AB 435 & 441.

[note: 65]2AB 435-346.

[note: 66]4AB 1298.

[note: 67]Transcripts of Evidence dated 19.7.11 at p 14.

[note: 68]Transcripts of Evidence dated 20.7.11 at pp 36-37.

[note: 69]Transcripts of Evidence dated 19.7.11 at p 45.

[note: 70]Transcripts of Evidence dated 19.7.11 at p 42.

[note: 71]Wong’s AEIC dated 13.5.11 at [12]; Falmac’s Closing Submissions at
[104].

[note: 72]Kuan’s AEIC dated 11.2.11 at [6]; Choo’s AEIC dated 11.2.11 at [4].

[note: 73]Kuan’s AEIC dated 11.2.11 at [7].

[note: 74]Zhang’s AEIC dated 21.7.11 at [8]-[9].

[note: 75]4AB 1304.

[note: 76]4AB 1002 & 1015.

[note: 77]DB 12.

[note: 78]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.9.12 at p 69.

[note: 79]Zhang’s AEIC dated 21.7.11 at [8]-[9].

[note: 80]Zhang’s AEIC dated 21.7.11 at [10].

[note: 81]Transcripts of Evidence dated 19.9.12 at p 16.

[note: 82]D2’s Closing Submissions dated 8.11.12 at [119], [128(g)].

[note: 83]Transcripts of Evidence dated 20.7.11 at p 25; Transcripts of
Evidence dated 17.9.12 at pp 20, 23.

[note: 84]Transcripts of Evidence dated 20.7.11 at p 25; Transcripts of
Evidence dated 17.9.12 at p 21.

[note: 85]Transcripts of Evidence dated 20.7.11 at pp 25-26.

[note: 86]Transcripts of Evidence dated 17.9.11 at pp 23-24.

[note: 87]D2’s 2nd AEIC dated 12.7.11 at [8].

[note: 88]D2’s 2nd AEIC dated 12.7.11 at [6].

[note: 89]4AB 1304; Transcripts of Evidence dated 19.9.12 at p 19.

[note: 90]Transcripts of Evidence dated 19.9.12 at pp 38-39.

[note: 91]4AB 1304.

[note: 92]DB 11.

[note: 93]4AB 1304.

[note: 94]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7.11 at p 70.

[note: 95]D2’s 3rd AEIC dated 20.2.12 at [7].

[note: 96]2AB 346-347; Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7.11 at p 30.

[note: 97]3AB 896; Transcripts of Evidence dated 20.7.11 at p 9.

[note: 98]D2’s AEIC dated 8.3.11 at pp 293-294.

[note: 99]D2’s AEIC dated 8.3.11 at [168]; Transcripts of Evidence dated
18.9.12 at pp 109-110.

[note: 100]4AB 1193.

[note: 101]DB 8.

[note: 102]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7.11 at pp 30-31.

[note: 103]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7.11 at p 33.

[note: 104]3AB 749.

[note: 105]3AB 830.

[note: 106]4AB 995.

[note: 107]4AB 994.

[note: 108]4AB 1046-1047.

[note: 109]4AB 1034-1040, 1048.

[note: 110]3AB 900, 955.

[note: 111]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.9.12 at pp 100-101.

[note: 112]4AB 1003-1013, 1308-1328.

[note: 113]4AB 1002.

[note: 114]4AB 1015.

[note: 115]4AB 1056.

[note: 116]2AB 326, 336-340.

[note: 117]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7.11 at p 47.

[note: 118]D2’s 3rd AEIC dated 20.2.12 at [7].

[note: 119]Transcripts of Evidence dated 19.7.11 at p 24.

[note: 120]Transcripts of Evidence dated 19.7.11 at p 58.

[note: 121]2AB 565, 471.

[note: 122]Transcripts of Evidence dated 19.7.11 at p 59; 1AB 240.

[note: 123]1AB 202.

[note: 124]4AB 1298.

[note: 125]Transcripts of Evidence dated 19.7.11 at p 63.

[note: 126]3AB 694-702.

[note: 127]Falmac’s Closing Submissions at [140].

[note: 128]D2’s AEIC dated 8.3.11 at [11]-[12]; Transcripts of Evidence dated
18.9.12 at p 88.

[note: 129]Art 102(4) of Falmac’s Articles of Association.

[note: 130]Art 103 of Falmac’s Articles of Association.

[note: 131]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.9.12 at p 88.

[note: 132]1AB 10, 67, 131.

[note: 133]1AB 17, 74, 137.

[note: 134]1AB 10.

[note: 135]1AB 67, 131.

[note: 136]1AB 37.

[note: 137]1AB 95.

[note: 138]1AB 159.

[note: 139]1AB 226.

[note: 140]1AB 299.

[note: 141]D2’s AEIC dated 8.3.11 at [19].

[note: 142]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7.11 at p12.

[note: 143]1AB 201, 202.

[note: 144]DB 4.

[note: 145]3AB 721.

[note: 146]Transcripts of Evidence dated 19.9.12 at p 44.

[note: 147]3AB 865.

[note: 148]3AB 864.

[note: 149]3AB 742.

[note: 150]4AB 994.

[note: 151]2AB 344-347.

[note: 152]1AB 67, 131.

[note: 153]1AB 68 & 132.

[note: 154]3AB 721.

[note: 155]DB 8; Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7.11 at p 33.

[note: 156]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7.11 at pp 13-15.

[note: 157]3AB 716-721.

[note: 158]Lim Shwu Peng’s AEIC dated 5.7.11 at [11]; Transcripts of Evidence
dated 19.9.12 at p 48.

[note: 159]Transcripts of Evidence dated 18.7.11 at p 13.

[note: 160]4AB 1126-1127.

[note: 161]4AB 1125.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 May 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

