Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Bosch Corp (Japan) _v_ Wiedson International (S) Pte Ltd and others and
another suit  
[2013] SGHC 47

Case Number| :| Suit No 845 of 2006 (Registrar's Appeals No 201 and 306 of
2011, 31, 37 and 62 of 2012), Suit No 133 of 2011 (Registrar's Appeal No 396
of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 February 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  David Wu and Florence Bok (Gateway Law Corporation) for
the plaintiff; Gopinath s/o Pillai and Tan Kian Hong Aloysius (Tan Jin Hwee
LLC) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Bosch Corp (Japan) — Wiedson International (S) Pte Ltd and others  
  
25 February 2013|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 There are five Registrar’s Appeals (“RA”) arising out of Suit No 845 of 2006
(“Suit 845”). RA No 201 of 2011 (“RA 201”) is the appeal by the 2nd and
3rddefendants, and RA No 306 of 2011 (“RA 306”) is the appeal by the 1st
defendant, against the decision of an assistant registrar (“AR”) refusing to
strike out the whole or part of the plaintiff’s statement of claim. RA No 31
of 2012 (“RA 31”) is the defendants’ appeal against the AR’s order that their
defence be struck out and interlocutory judgment be entered for the plaintiff
with costs to be paid by the defendants. RA No 37 of 2012 (“RA 37”) is the
plaintiff’s appeal against the AR’s order that parts of an affidavit filed on
its behalf be deleted. RA No 62 of 2012 (“RA 62”) is the plaintiff’s appeal
against the AR’s decision not to strike out the defendants’ counterclaim.

2 In Suit 133 of 2011 (“Suit 133”), RA No 396 of 2011 (“RA 396”) is the
defendants’ appeal against an AR’s decision refusing to order security for
costs against the 1st plaintiff in that action.

3 Before me, the parties agreed to proceed with RAs 31 and 62 first. In RA 31,
the AR struck out the defence on the ground that it disclosed no reasonable
defence without considering whether it ought to be struck out on the
alternative grounds in O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed) that it was frivolous, vexatious or was otherwise an abuse of the process
of the court.

Factual background in Suit 845

4 In 2006, after receiving information relating to alleged trading in
counterfeit goods which infringed the plaintiff’s trademarks, the plaintiff
engaged private investigators to investigate the 1st defendant’s premises at
Wiedson House situated in Lorong 23 Geylang. Following the private
investigators’ reports, a complaint was lodged before a magistrate. Search
warrants were issued and a raid was conducted at the said premises by the
Intellectual Property Rights Branch (“IPRB”) of the Criminal Investigation
Department.

5 In the presence of the plaintiff’s representatives and the defendants, the
goods suspected to be the subject of offences under s 46, 47 and/or 49 of the
Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“TMA”) were seized by the IPRB. These
goods comprised thousands of nozzles, nozzle caps and seals, plungers, plunger
seals and packaging and a few hundred documents.

6 The plaintiff commenced this action for alleged trademark infringement and
also instituted criminal proceedings against the defendants pursuant to a fiat
from the Attorney-General’s Chambers. The defendants applied for and obtained
a stay of this action pending the determination of the criminal proceedings.

7 The parties engaged in negotiations and a deal was struck on 20 July 2009
under which the defendants agreed to enter into a settlement agreement on
certain terms in the civil action and the plaintiff agreed to withdraw or to
amend the charges in the criminal proceedings. Accordingly, before the
District Court on 24 July 2009, the plaintiff withdrew most of the charges and
the two remaining charges were amended such that the alleged infringing goods
were significantly reduced to only one nozzle and one plunger.

8 The defendants pleaded guilty to these charges and their counsel’s
mitigation plea on their behalf included a statement that the defendants would
pay “suitable monetary compensation” to the plaintiff “in addition to a public
apology in the national press, which arises from their true contrition”
together with an undertaking not to commit further trademark infringements. As
part of the deal, the plaintiff’s counsel did not address the court on
sentence and did not object to the court making an order to dispose of the
seized goods. The District Court imposed a fine of $1,000 for each charge
although the law provided for a custodial sentence and a maximum fine of
$100,000 for each charge.

9 However, the defendants did not sign the proposed settlement agreement after
the criminal proceedings were concluded. The plaintiff therefore revived the
civil action, leading to the defendants filing their defence and counterclaim.

10 The plaintiff’s claim in this action is for trademark infringement and for
the tort of conspiracy and/or joint tortfeasorship. It alleged that the 1st
defendant infringed the plaintiff’s various trademarks by using in the course
of trade signs which are identical with those trademarks in relation to goods
which are identical with those for which the said trademarks were registered.
It also alleged that the 1st defendant infringed the said trademarks by using
in the course of trade signs which are similar to those trademarks in relation
to goods which are identical with or similar to those for which the said
trademarks were registered. The plaintiff also averred that the 2nd and 3rd
defendants were jointly liable for the 1st defendant’s alleged infringements
in that all three defendants had unlawfully conspired to injure the plaintiff
by unlawful means, namely by infringing the plaintiff’s trademarks. The 2nd
and 3rd defendants were alleged to have authorised, directed and/or procured
the infringements by the 1st defendant. The plaintiff pleaded further that all
three defendants were joint tortfeasors who had acted in concert pursuant to a
common design to infringe the plaintiff’s trademarks.

11 In their defence and counterclaim, the defendants averred that some of the
seized goods were genuine parallel import items from China manufactured by a
company known as Jinjiang Junri Machinery Co. Ltd (“the Chinese company”),
allegedly the owners of the ZXL and Z trademarks in China (“the Chinese
trademarks”), which were identical to the trademarks owned by the plaintiff in
Singapore. The goods were allegedly manufactured between 7 November 1998 and 6
November 2008 and the plaintiff had therefore impliedly consented to the
defendants’ use of the same in the course of trade. The defendants also
averred that there was no likelihood of confusion on the part of the public
despite the identity and/or similarity of the respective trademarks.

12 The 2nd and 3rd defendants denied being jointly liable with the 1st
defendant as the 1st defendant was not liable for the alleged trademark
infringements. They also denied any conspiracy to injure the plaintiff. They
denied that the 1st defendant carried out the alleged infringements and
further denied that they had authorised, directed and/or procured the
commission of the alleged infringements by the 1st defendant.

13 In respect of their counterclaim, the defendants alleged that numerous
items bearing the 1st defendant’s own trademarks and numerous items which did
not bear any of the plaintiff’s trademarks had been wrongfully seized during
the raid by the IPRB. They were thereby prevented from carrying on their trade
in those items and deprived of the profits they would otherwise have made.
Those items have allegedly also been damaged while in storage after the raid.

14 In its reply and defence to counterclaim, the plaintiff averred that it had
succeeded in legal proceedings in China to strike out the Chinese trademarks
and pleaded that it had not consented to the defendants’ use of the Chinese
trademarks in the course of trade. In response to the counterclaim, the
plaintiff stated that the seized items bore the plaintiff’s trademarks and
were therefore not wrongfully seized.

The contentions and the decision of the court

No reasonable defence

15 The plaintiff’s trademark infringement claims against the 1st defendant
were made pursuant to s 27(1) and (2) of the TMA. The defences available to
such claims are set out in s 28 and s 29 of the TMA. In Professor Ng-Loy Wee
Loon’s book _, Law of Intellectual Property of Singapore_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
2009 Rev Ed) at pages 301 to 312, the defences were presented compendiously
as:

(a) use of one’s name - s 28(1)(a);

(b) descriptive use - s28(1)(b) and (c);

(c) prior user – s 28(2);

(d) use of registered mark – s 28(3);

(e) comparative commercial advertising – s 28(4)(a);

(f) use for non-commercial purpose – s 28(4)(b);

(g) news reporting or commentary – s 28(4)(c); and

(h) parallel imports – s 29.

16 The defence admitted that the Chinese trademarks were identical to the
plaintiff’s trademarks although it averred further that there was no
likelihood of confusion on the part of the public. It was alleged that the
seized goods were commonly known as “China Zexel” products and that
distinguished them from the same items manufactured in Japan and sold by the
plaintiff.

17 The AR stated that the defendants had said at different times that the
Chinese trademarks were identical to the plaintiff’s trademarks and that the
seized goods were produced by the Chinese company and contained the Chinese
trademarks. However, before him, it was submitted that that was not the case
and the seized goods did not contain the Chinese trademarks. The AR held the
view that the pleadings did not allow the defendants to take that position
before him. He considered whether it was appropriate to allow the defendants
to amend their pleadings but felt that allowing an amendment would be to
permit the defendants to take an entirely contradictory position. In his
opinion, it was not simply a matter of clarifying the position taken in the
pleadings but was a complete change in position. Accordingly, the AR struck
out the defence filed by the defendants.

18 Insofar as the counterclaim was concerned, the plaintiff’s submissions
before the AR were that the correct party for the defendants to sue was the
IPRB and not the plaintiff. However, as no authority for such a proposition
was cited, the AR was of the opinion that it was not clear-cut that the
counterclaim was bound to fail and it should therefore be allowed to proceed
to trial. He also ordered the defendants to pay the plaintiff costs of $6,000
exclusive of disbursements for the application before him. He further ordered
the costs of the action to be agreed or taxed.

19 Section 29 TMA provides:

**Exhaustion of rights conferred by registered trademark**

**29**.—(1) Notwithstanding section 27, a registered trademark is not
infringed by the use of the trademark in relation to goods which have been put
on the market, whether in Singapore or outside Singapore, under that trademark
by the proprietor of the registered trademark or with his express or implied
consent (conditional or otherwise).

(2) Subsection (1) shall not apply when –

(a) the condition of the goods has been changed or impaired after they have
been put on the market; and

(b) the use of the registered trademark in relation to those goods has caused
dilution in an unfair manner of the distinctive character of the registered
trademark.

20 The defendants’ case is that the seized goods were manufactured by the
Chinese company in China. They did not plead that the said company was a
licensee of the plaintiff and indeed it was not. The plaintiff did not
manufacture its goods in China. It follows that the seized goods were not
obtained from the plaintiff or its licensee. The “exhaustion of rights
defence” encapsulated in s 29 TMA (as it was so described in _Pan-West (Pte)
Ltd v Grand Bigwin Pte Ltd_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 755 at [23]) (“ _Pan-West_ ”)
which is applicable to parallel imports is therefore not available to the
defendants as the seized goods were not parallel imports manufactured with the
express or implied consent of the plaintiff.

21 The defendants’ admission of guilt in respect of the amended charges in the
criminal proceedings meant that they acknowledged that at least one nozzle and
one plunger of the seized goods were not genuine goods of the plaintiff. The
defence in s 29 TMA only applies where one is dealing with the genuine goods
of the trademark proprietor (_Pan-West_ at [24]).

22 The defendants made a very late attempt to salvage the situation by filing
an affidavit at the appeal for leave to amend their defence by removing the
words “genuine parallel import”. It was submitted before me that these words
had been used in error and that the goods in question (which were diesel
tractor engine parts) were not for sale in Singapore but for export to the
Middle East. Despite this late concession, the defendants had been repeating
this defence in various affidavits. Further, in earlier proceedings in this
action, when the defendants attempted to strike out the plaintiff’s claims,
they argued that it was too late for the plaintiff to amend its pleading. It
would be highly inconsistent for the defendants to submit at this stage that
they should be permitted to amend their pleading. As the plaintiff’s and the
defendants’ goods were identical, confusion would be presumed. Accordingly,
the defence raised no reasonable defence in law and was rightly struck out by
the AR.

Frivolous or vexatious

23 On the alternative ground for striking out the defence, the plaintiff
relied on _Chee Siok Chin and others v Minister of Home Affairs and another_
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 (at [33]) (“ _Chee Siok Chin_ ”), where the court said:

Proceedings are frivolous when they are deemed to waste the court’s time, and
are determined to be incapable of legally sustainable and reasoned argument.
Proceedings are vexatious when they are shown to be without foundation and/or
where they cannot possibly succeed and/or where an action is brought only for
annoyance or to gain some fanciful advantage.

24 The plaintiff submitted that it has established that the use by the 1st
defendant of one or more signs on the seized goods constituted an infringement
of the plaintiff’s trademarks. As the 1st defendant has admitted to having
imported the seized goods into Singapore, the plaintiff has shown “use in the
course of trade” in its pleadings. The signs on the seized goods had to be
identical with or similar to the plaintiff’s trademarks in order to raise the
parallel import defence. The seized goods were contained in packing material
(boxes and wrapped capsules) that bore the infringing signs. Section 3 of the
TMA provides that goods are infringing if they or their packaging bears a sign
identical with or similar to a registered trademark and the goods are proposed
to be imported into Singapore. Further, material is “infringing material” if
it bears a sign identical with or similar to a registered trademark and is
used for labelling or packaging the goods in such a way as to infringe the
registered trademark. Accordingly, the plaintiff contended, it was clear that
the nozzles and plungers were packed in material that bore infringing signs
and it was irrelevant whether the signs on the nozzles and plungers were in
fact identical with or similar to the plaintiff’s trademarks.

25 There was also identity or similarity between the seized goods and the
plaintiff’s trademarks where specifications were concerned. The Chinese
trademarks were registered by the Chinese company in China under class 7, the
same class as some of the plaintiff’s trademarks.

26 Since all the elements required to show a _prima facie_ case of trademark
infringement were present in this case, it was up to the defendants to raise a
defence under s 28 or s 29 TMA. However, the plaintiff argued, the defendants
were precluded from doing so by virtue of their having pleaded guilty to
offences under the TMA in the criminal proceedings. They were liable at least
for that one infringing nozzle and one infringing plunger.

27 Not only were the seized goods found in infringing packaging material, the
said packaging material also indicated that the seized goods were made in
Japan under a licence from the plaintiff. Testing done during the criminal
proceedings has established that the seized goods were counterfeit ones.

28 In spite of all these facts, the defendants have intentionally adopted a
strategy of delay to annoy the plaintiff. They insisted on inspecting every
item of the seized goods despite the infringing packaging material. As a
result of the delay, the seized goods have shown signs of corrosion after
years of storage in the warehouse. The fact that corrosion had begun was
acknowledged by the defendants. The defendants also objected to the High Court
making an order in criminal revision proceedings (Criminal Revision No 10 of
2010) that the seized goods be preserved and not be destroyed (as was
originally ordered by the District Judge at the conclusion of the criminal
proceedings in the District Court). The defendants then went on to challenge
the High Court’s jurisdiction to make the preservation order (Criminal
Revision No 40 of 2010).

29 The 2nd and 3rd defendants then applied to strike out the plaintiff’s claim
against them. When this was dismissed, the 1st defendant applied to strike out
the plaintiff’s claim.

30 From the way the defendants have conducted themselves in this action and
the related criminal revision matters, it was clear that they wanted to stymie
the plaintiff for as long as possible and perhaps have the claim defeated by
the natural deterioration of the seized goods or simply wear the plaintiff
out. The pleading and the conduct were frivolous and vexatious in the
circumstances. I therefore agreed with the plaintiff that the defence ought
also to be struck out on this ground. The defendants’ conduct would also be
relevant when the next ground for striking out is considered.

Abuse of process of the court

31 On the third ground of abuse of process of the court, the plaintiff
acknowledged that this was the widest ground for striking out and that it
would inevitably overlap with the other grounds. The plaintiff referred again
to _Chee Siok Chin_ at [34] where the court classified the instances of abuse
of process into four categories. They are:

(a) proceedings which involve a deception on the court, or are fictitious or
constitute a mere sham;

(b) proceedings where the process of the court is not being fairly or honestly
used but is employed for some ulterior or improper purpose or in an improper
way;

(c) proceedings which are manifestly groundless or without foundation or which
serve no useful purpose; and

(d) multiple or successive proceedings which cause or are likely to cause
improper vexation or oppression.

32 Relying on the first category in [31] above, the plaintiff submitted that
the defendants had deceived the District Court in the criminal proceedings
into imposing only a minimal fine on them. The criminal proceedings involved
the three defendants in this action together with two other accused persons.
The charges alleged that the various defendants had in their possession for
the purpose of trade the infringing items to which the plaintiff’s trademarks
was falsely applied, an offence under s 49(c) TMA. In the case of the 2nd and
3rd defendants, there was the additional assertion that the offence was
committed with their consent. In the written mitigation plea in those
proceedings, besides highlighting the factors personal to the defendants,
counsel for the defendants stated:

23 We respectfully submit that the **_global settlement that the Accused have
entered into_** with each of the complainants (collectively the “Global
Settlement”) in respect of both the private prosecution (PSS Nos 798 & 805 of
2006) and **_the civil suit (Suit No 845 of 2006)_** should be considered a
mitigatory factor for the purposes of sentencing.

.....

25 The Complainants have been appeased, and it is respectfully submitted that
the private (as opposed to public) interest (of the Complainants) has been
amply upheld and there is no likelihood of the Accused re-offending.

26 We respectfully submit that the accused **_will pay suitable monetary
compensation_** to the Complainants pursuant to the Global Settlement, in
addition to a **_public apology_** in the national press, which arises from
their **_true contrition_**. We urge this Honourable Court to view the
compensation sum as an expression of the Accused’s **_genuine remorse_** for
their actions and we humbly submit that the Complainants have been **_appeased
by the compensation sum and the other terms_** of the Global Settlement.

.....

34 ... As previously mentioned, the Accused have no antecedents and have
already undertaken not to commit the same offences again as part of the Global
Settlement with the Complainants.

....

38 In light of the fact that the Accused **_have compensated_** the
Complainants as part of the Settlement and that they had attempted to verify
the ownership of the trademarks on the Items among the other mitigatory
factors highlighted above, we respectfully submit that there are more
mitigatory factors in the Accused’s favour than the Accused person’s favour in
_Eddy Kwan_ [supra].

[emphasis added in bold italics]

33 The mitigation plea concluded by urging the district judge to impose a fine
of less than $1,000 for each of the charges against each of the accused
persons.

34 Despite the professed “true contrition” and “genuine remorse”, the
defendants did not sign any Global Settlement with the plaintiff although the
words of the mitigation plea clearly represented that it had already been
entered into or at least would definitely be entered into. “Suit No 845 of
2006” mentioned in the mitigation plea is of course the present action.
Obviously, there has been no settlement of this action. No compensation has
been paid and no public apology has been made. Far from appeasing the
plaintiff, the defendants have resorted to fighting the claim every inch of
the way once the criminal proceedings were over, to the extent of filing a
defence which contradicted some admissions made earlier.

35 Having accepted the statement of facts in the criminal proceedings and
having made various admissions in the mitigation plea, the defendants are now
practically casting the plaintiff as the villain in this civil suit. It would
be highly disingenuous of the defendants to rely on the fact that the charges
concerned only one infringing item each when a fair reading of the mitigation
plea clearly shows that the defendants were referring to all the seized goods.
If it were otherwise, their counsel would certainly have emphasized to the
District Judge that there were only one infringing plunger and one infringing
nozzle among the thousands seized in the IPRB raid and that all the other
items were non-infringing goods. Further, if the remaining goods seized were
all non-infringing items, it would be surprising that the defendants agreed to
the disposal order made by the district judge and in fact sought vigorously to
uphold it during the criminal revisions mentioned earlier.

36 In my view, the defendants have abused both the criminal and the civil
process of the courts. I was of the view that the defence could and should be
struck out on the ground of abuse of process of the court.

Claim against the 2nd and 3rd defendants

37 The 2nd defendant is the managing director and a shareholder of the 1st
defendant. The 3rd defendant is an executive and a shareholder of the 1st
defendant. Both the 2nd and 3rd defendants denied being liable for conspiracy
and for being joint-tortfeasors with the 1st defendant in that they did not
authorize, direct or procure the alleged infringements.

38 In _TV Media Pte Ltd v De Cruz Andrea Heidi and anot_ her [2004] 3 SLR(R)
543, the Court of Appeal held that proof of the commission of a tort by a
company does not automatically prove that the directors who manage its affairs
are also guilty of the tort. However, the Court of Appeal added that the law
has carved out an exception to this principle. Where directors order an act by
the company which amounts to a tort by the company, they may be liable as
joint tortfeasors on the basis that they have procured or directed the wrong
to be done. Whether a director is so liable depends very much on the factual
situation at hand and the level of his involvement is a matter of degree (see
_Gabriel Peter & Partners v Wee Chong Jin_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [35]).

39 In _Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks and Trade Names_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed,
2005), it is stated (at paragraph 19-140):

A defendant cannot avoid an order for an inquiry by showing that he infringed
innocently. The Claimant has a right to damages regardless of the defendant’s
state of mind, and that is so regardless of whether the cause of action is
infringement of a registered trademark, or passing off.

While innocence may be a defence to a charge under s 49 TMA (see s 49(ii)), it
becomes irrelevant in a civil action whether the 2nd and 3rd defendants were
aware of the infringements. In any event, the seized shipping invoices showed
that they were closely involved in the 1st defendant’s import and export of
the infringing goods. Both were also present at the 1st defendant’s premises
at the time of the IPRB raid.

40 In addition, both these defendants have pleaded guilty to their respective
charges in the criminal proceedings of having committed an offence punishable
under s 49(c) read with s 107(4) TMA by virtue of the 1st defendant’s offence
having been committed with their “consent”. The said s 107(4) provides that
where an offence under the TMA by a body corporate is proved to have been
committed with the consent or connivance of a director, manager, secretary or
other similar officer of the body corporate, or a person purporting to act in
any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate is guilty of the offence
and liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly. Obviously, no
reliance was placed on the defence of acting innocently under s 49(ii) TMA by
any of the three defendants in the criminal proceedings.

41 When a person “consents” to an act, he knows what is happening and agrees
to it. By pleading guilty unreservedly to their respective charges and having
accepted the statement of facts which stated clearly that the 1st defendant’s
offence was committed with their “consent”, the 2nd and 3rd defendants cannot
now claim not to have authorized, directed or procured the infringements by
the 1st defendant. There was therefore no reason why their defence
(essentially of innocence or non-participation) should be allowed to proceed
to trial.

The 1st defendant’s counterclaim

42 The counterclaim is that numerous items bearing the 1st defendant’s
trademarks and numerous items which did not bear the plaintiff’s trademarks
were also seized in the IPRB raid.

43 The plaintiff’s submission is that the raid was criminal in nature, having
been conducted pursuant to a search warrant under s 53A TMA and not a search
order in civil proceedings, and any cause of action for wrongful seizure ought
to lie against the IPRB and not the plaintiff. The plaintiff had to sign an
indemnity form to indemnify the IPRB for all claims made against it as a
result of the raid. It argued that it had merely set the law in motion by
filing a complaint to the magistrate who then directed the IPRB to conduct the
raid. The plaintiff further submitted that if the defendants had a case
against it, it should be for malicious prosecution and not wrongful seizure
since neither the plaintiff nor its agents took any active part in the actual
seizure.

44 By virtue of the indemnity given to the IPRB by the plaintiff, even if the
IPRB was sued by the 1st defendant, the IPRB would have brought in the
plaintiff as a third party in any case. During the raid, the IPRB would
possibly have been guided by the plaintiff or its agents as to what goods were
infringing items. If the plaintiff or its agents made mistakes in identifying
innocent goods as infringing ones, there would conceivably be a cause of
action against the plaintiff. We need not concern ourselves now with the
question whether the claim would be made out on the facts during the trial. It
would be interesting to hear the 1st defendant’s explanation as to why it did
not ask the District Judge to spare the allegedly innocent items from
destruction when he made the disposal order and why it sought so vigorously to
uphold the disposal order during the criminal revisions in the High Court.

45 I was not able to hold that the counterclaim was bound to fail and
therefore, like the AR, did not strike it out.

46 The defendants have filed an affidavit to seek leave to amend their
pleading by removing any reference to parallel import and to the Chinese
trademarks being identical to the plaintiff’s trademarks. I agreed with the AR
that to allow an amendment of this nature at this stage of the proceedings
would be to allow the defendants to retract long-standing admissions in their
pleading as well as in their affidavits and to take an entirely contradictory
position in relation to the plaintiff’s claim. This would result in more delay
and, as noted earlier, the seized goods have already shown signs of corrosion.

Orders made

47 I therefore made the following orders in respect of the various matters in
issue:

(a) Suit 845:

(i) RA 31: Appeal by the defendants is dismissed. The defendants are to pay
costs of $9,000 and reasonable disbursements to the plaintiff;

(ii) RA 62: Appeal by the plaintiff is dismissed. The plaintiff is to pay
costs of $1,000 to the defendant;

(iii) RA 37: No order as the appeal by the plaintiff has become irrelevant in
the light of the orders in RAs 31 and 62;

(iv) RA 201 and 306: Appeals by the defendants are dismissed in the light of
the orders in RAs 31 and 62, with no order as to costs;

(b) Suit 133 (this action is essentially on the same facts as those in Suit No
845 of 2006 except that the trademark involved is “Denso” and the plaintiffs
are different from the plaintiff in Suit 845):

(i) RA 396: By consent, no order is made without prejudice to the defendants
to apply for further security for costs should this suit proceed further. By
consent also, this suit is to abide by the decisions made in Suit 845.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Feb 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

