Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AstraZeneca AB (SE) _v_ Sanofi-Aventis Singapore Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHCR 7

Case Number| :| Suit No 416 of 2011 (Summons No 471 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 March 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Justin Yeo AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Alvin Lim and Mr Sandeep Menon (Rodyk & Davidson LLP)
for the plaintiff; Mr Jason Chan, Mr Melvin Pang and Ms Anna Toh (Amica Law
LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  AstraZeneca AB (SE) — Sanofi-Aventis Singapore Pte Ltd  
  
15 March 2013|  
---|---  
  
Justin Yeo AR:

1 This is an application by Sanofi-Aventis Singapore Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”)
pursuant to O 18 r 12 and O 87A r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”), for an order that AstraZeneca AB (SE) (“the
Plaintiff”) provides further and better particulars of the Plaintiff’s
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“the Application”).

Background

2 The Plaintiff is the proprietor of Singapore Patent No SG 89993 (“the
Plaintiff’s Patent”). The title of the invention for which the Plaintiff’s
Patent was granted is “Pharmaceutical Compositions Comprising a HMG COA
Reductase Inhibitor”. The “feature of the invention” is specified on page 2 of
the Plaintiff’s Patent specifications as:

(1) A pharmaceutical composition comprising the Agent [a pharmaceutical
composition defined on page 1 of the Plaintiff’s Patent specifications, which
may simply be referred to as _rosuvastatin_] as an active ingredient and an
inorganic salt in which the cation is multivalent.

(2) The use of an inorganic salt in which the cation is multivalent as a
stabilising agent in a pharmaceutical composition comprising the Agent.

3 It is also stated on the same page that while the pharmaceutical composition
can be both in the form of a tablet or powder, “[p]referably the
pharmaceutical composition of the invention is a tablet”.

4 The Plaintiff’s Patent contains a total of 27 claims. It is not necessary,
at this point in time, to set out all the claims. It suffices to note that
Claim 1 of the Plaintiff’s Patent covers a “pharmaceutical composition” used
to treat high cholesterol, comprising:

(a) _rosuvastatin_ as the active ingredient; and

(b) an inorganic salt in which the cation is multivalent (but which is neither
_hydrotalcite_ nor synthetic _hydrotalcite_ , and the counter anion to the
inorganic salt is not a phosphate) (“the Inorganic Salt”).

5 On 1 April 2011, the Defendant submitted applications to the Health Sciences
Authority (“HSA”) for product licenses in respect of its _Rosucard_ Film-
coated Tablets in 10mg, 20mg and 40mg dosage forms (collectively referred to
as “the Defendant’s Products”). On 26 April 2011, the Plaintiff was served
with a Notice to Proprietor of Patent pursuant to s 12A(3)(a) of the Medicines
Act (Cap 176, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Medicines Act”) by the Defendant, notifying
the Plaintiff that the Defendant had submitted the applications to the HSA as
mentioned above.

6 On 10 June 2011, the Plaintiff commenced the present action seeking a
declaration of infringement that the disposal, offer to dispose, use, import
and keeping of the Defendant’s Products will infringe all 27 claims of the
Plaintiff’s Patent if carried out by the Defendant in Singapore. The practical
effect of the commencement of the present action was to set in place the
30-month moratorium on the processing of the product licence applications for
the Defendant’s Products (see s 12A(6) of the Medicines Act read with
regulation 5B(4) of the Medicines (Licensing, Standard Provisions and Fees)
Regulations (Cap 176, S 74, 2000 Rev Ed)).

7 The Plaintiff subsequently filed an amended Statement of Claim (Amendment No
1) dated 5 July 2011. The Defendant then applied to strike out the action on
several grounds, including that the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1)
pleaded no act of infringement by the Defendant, and therefore disclosed no
reasonable cause of action under the Patents Act (Cap 221, Rev Ed 2005) (“the
Patents Act”). The Plaintiff argued that the present action was based on a
separate and independent cause of action created by s 12A of the Medicines
Act, which did not require an act of infringement to have been committed.

8 The striking out application was heard in December 2012, and the written
decision of _AstraZeneca AB (SE) v Sanofi-Aventis Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2012]
SGHC 16 (“ _AstraZeneca_ ”) was rendered thereafter. In brief, the court held
that s 12A of the Medicines Act contemplated a cause of action _independent_
from a patent infringement action under the Patents Act, and only required a
_prospect of infringement_ to be established. The court also found that the
Plaintiff’s disbelief of the Defendant’s opinion (_viz_ , that the Defendant’s
Products did not infringe the Plaintiff’s Patent) was sufficient to sustain
the action under s 12A of the Medicines Act. Consequently, the action was not
struck out.

9 The Plaintiff subsequently took out an application for discovery of the
Product Descriptions of the Defendant’s Products, arguing that it needed the
Product Descriptions to know how the Defendant could be infringing the
Plaintiff’s Patent. On 24 August 2012, the court allowed the application, and
the Defendant has since provided the Plaintiff with discovery of the Product
Descriptions of the Defendant’s Products. These descriptions disclosed the
chemical composition of the Defendant’s Products and the amount and weight of
the active pharmaceutical ingredients and excipients therein.

10 On 14 December 2012, the Defendant’s solicitors requested for further and
better particulars from the Plaintiff by way of a letter of request. The
Plaintiff’s solicitors responded that the Defendant was not entitled to the
particulars sought, as they were of the view that the requests related to
issues of construction of the Plaintiff’s Patent. The Defendant thereafter
brought the Application, seeking the further and better particulars stated in
their letter of request.

Legal principles regarding particulars in patent infringement claims

11 At the hearing of the Application, both parties seemed content to proceed
on the basis that the Rules of Court related to pleadings (and the
particularity thereof) applying to actions under the Patents Act apply
likewise to actions under the Medicines Act. I saw no reason to disagree with
this view, and therefore proceeded on this basis.

Particulars of pleadings under the Rules of Court

12 It is trite that particulars of pleadings serve, _inter alia_ , to inform
the other side of the nature of the case that has to be met, so as to prevent
the other side from being taken by surprise at trial, and also to enable the
other side to know what evidence it oughts to prepare for trial (see
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2013_ vol 1 (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell
Asia, 2013) at para 18/12/2). These particulars also serve to ensure clarity
and precision of the issues and to avoid the expense of subsequent measures to
remedy insufficiently particularised pleadings (_Singapore Court Practice
2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler SC gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009) (“ _Singapore Court
Practice_ ”) at para 18/12/1).

13 As such, where pleadings are inadequate, O 18 r 12(3) provides that:

The Court may order a party to serve on any other party particulars of any
claim, defence or other matter stated in his pleading, or in any affidavit of
his ordered to stand as a pleading, or a statement of the nature of the case
on which he relies, and the order may be made on such terms as the Court
thinks just.

14 Patent actions, like any other action, have to contain pleadings which are
properly particularised (_Singapore Court Practice_ at para 87A/2/2). O 18 r
12 applies just as much to a patent action as to any other action, and
therefore, the court has power to order parties to give particulars of their
pleadings upon such terms as the court thinks just (_ibid_).

15 However, in addition to the usual particulars given under O 18 r 12, for
patent infringement claims, O 87A r 2(2) requires that a specific type of
particulars must be given. O 87A r 2(2) provides:

The plaintiff in such an action must serve with his statement of claim
_particulars of the infringement_ relied on, showing which of the claims in
the specification of the patent are alleged to be infringed and giving at
least one instance of each type of infringement alleged. [emphasis added]

16 O 87A r 2(2) does not define the extent of “particulars of the
infringement” that must be given. In this regard, it is necessary to turn to
the principles enunciated in case law regarding the “office” of particulars of
infringement (a term borrowed from _Wenham Co Ltd v Champion Gas Lamp Co Ltd
and Todlenhaupt and Co_ [1891] 8 RPC 22 (“ _Wenham_ ”) at 24 _per_ Chitty J)
in patent infringement claims.

The office of particulars of infringement in patent infringement claims

17 The determination of whether the particulars given by a patentee in a
patent infringement claim sufficiently perform the office required of
particulars of infringement involves, as will shortly be evident, questions of
fact that turn on the unique circumstances of each case. However, the legal
principles governing the office of particulars of infringement, as set out in
(especially English) case law, have changed over the years. The following
sections attempt to examine in some detail the changes and developments in the
office of particulars of infringement in patent infringement claims. As the
application of the legal principles to the facts is crucial for context and
also for tracing developments in this particular area of law, the facts of the
cases and the judicial analyses of the same will be set out at some length.

The traditional position in English law

18 Traditionally, a patentee is not ordered to give particulars of the
construction which the patentee proposes to put on the patent claims
(_Singapore Court Practice_ at para 87A/2/2 and _The White Book Service 2013:
Civil Procedure_ (Rupert Jackson LJ gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2013) (“ _UK
White Book 2013_ ”) at para 18.1.5).

19 _Wenham_ is the _locus classicus_ of the position just mentioned. In
_Wenham_ , the plaintiff had a patent specification consisting of four claims.
By their particulars of breaches, the plaintiff alleged that the defendants
had infringed the patent by using or applying for their own profit in or to
gas lamps or lanterns certain mechanism or arrangements being the same or
substantially the same as the mechanism described in the specifications, and
claimed in the four claims (_Wenham_ at 23, lines 16-20). The High Court found
that the particulars thus framed sufficiently performed the office required of
particulars of breaches, the object being to tell the defendants what the
plaintiff says he has done in infringement of the patent (_Wenham_ at 24,
lines 28-31). The court noted the defendant’s “plausible argument” that
getting more particulars will enable the defendants to limit the nature of the
evidence raised as well as to limit the nature of the objections to the
validity of the patent, but held that the defendants had no right to ask the
plaintiff to put a definite construction upon the specification at that point
in time (_Wenham_ at 24, lines 33-38). As such, the court found that the
particulars were sufficient, and dismissed the application for further
particulars.

20 Applying the same principles, a different result was reached on the facts
of _Marsden v Albrecht and Albrecht_ (1910) 27 RPC 785 (“ _Marsden_ ”). In
_Marsden_ , the Court of Appeal was faced with a situation in which the
plaintiff, by his original particulars, in substance said “You have infringed
all the four Claims of this Patent” (_Marsden_ at 788, lines 4-5). In
particular, it was alleged that the defendant had infringed Claim 1 of the
patent (“a claim for a process which consists in taking a particular article,
namely a certain perforated templet, which is described, and doing a certain
act, namely, rubbing through the perforations of a material, and the
characteristics of that material are mentioned; it must be one capable of
strongly adhering to the cloth, when treated in a given manner”) (_Marsden_ at
788, lines 25-30). The plaintiff had given further particulars by stating
“Over the lays thus perforated colouring or marking materials, capable of
adhering to the cloth, were spread so as to transfer the patterns marked on
the lays to the cloth beneath”; the words “capable of adhering to the cloth”
were further added to the particulars on the direction of the first instance
Judge (_Marsden_ at 788, lines 35-39).

21 The Court of Appeal noted that the issue was whether the plaintiff had
sufficiently identified the acts done by the defendants which the plaintiff
says constitute an infringement of the plaintiff’s patented process. The
particulars sought by the defendants were, in effect, for the plaintiff to
answer the question “What acts do you say that I did which constitute an
infringement of the process described in your first Claim?” (or “What acts, do
you say, we have done, which you are coming into Court to prove, and which you
will then say are an infringement of your Claim?”) (_Marsden_ at 788, lines
45-51). The Court of Appeal went on to note that although the plaintiff did
not have to construe his patent, he was bound to inform the defendants of
sufficient particulars such that the defendants would know the case that he
was going to make (_Marsden_ at 788, lines 52-54). In this regard, it was “not
enough” for the plaintiff to state simply “you have infringed the process
described in my first Claim”; instead, the plaintiff “ought to condescend to
describe the manner in which the acts which he alleges to be infringement were
carried out” (_Marsden_ at 789, lines 1-3).

22 In _Aktiengesellschaft Für Autogene Aluminium Schweissung v London
Aluminium Company, Limited_ [1919] 2 Ch 67 (“ _Aktiengesellschaft_ ”),
Paragraph 1 of the plaintiffs’ particulars of breaches read, in part, “the
defendants have infringed each of the letters patent referred to in the
statement of claim by the use in this country for welding objects made of
aluminium of fluxes made in accordance with the descriptions in the complete
specifications of each of the said letters patent and as claimed in all the
claiming clauses thereof”. Swinfen Eady MR noted (at 74), after reading
paragraph 1 of the plaintiffs’ particulars, that “[t]here are no particulars
and no details at all. In my opinion that paragraph does not amount to a
particular of any breach whatever.” Warrington LJ agreed, stating (at 78):

Paragraph 1 of the particulars of breaches here is in my opinion no particular
at all. It is true that it complies with r. 16 to the extent of stating that
the defendants have infringed the claims of both the specifications, there
being only one claim in each, but except for that it gives no particulars at
all. _It condescends to no date and no place, to nothing except a general
allegation in expanded terms that the defendants have infringed the
plaintiffs’ patents_. Just put oneself in the position of a defendant coming
to trial on such an allegation. _He has no information at all, and it would be
quite impossible for him to meet and deal with some instance of which the
plaintiff might adduce evidence_. He would have _no information which would
enable him to prepare his witnesses for meeting any case which the plaintiffs
might make_. It seems to me, therefore, that para. 1 of the particulars of
breaches is wholly insufficient.

It has been suggested, and it is true, that para. 1 does comply with r. 16 by
specifying the claim which is said to be infringed; … [But] [t]he Plaintiff is
still under the obligation imposed by r. 13 to _give the defendant such
information as will enable him to know the case which is going to be made
against him at the trial_.

[emphasis added]

23 It is clear from _Aktiengesellschaft_ that the function of particulars of
breaches is to point out to the defendant what specific act on his part was
complained of so as to prevent surprise at trial. On that basis, the court
found that it was insufficient to make a general allegation that the
defendants have infringed the patents without condescending to give any detail
or any particular of the breach.

24 _Marsden_ was applied in the Canadian case of _J K Smit & Sons of Canada
Ltd v Fastcut Bits Ltd_ [1949] 9 CPR 138 (“ _Smit_ ”). Citing the portions
quoted in [21] above, the Ontario Supreme Court held that the particulars
furnished by the plaintiff did not meet the requirements set out by _Marsden_.
In paragraph 1 of the particulars, the plaintiff had stated that the defendant
had followed certain steps in the manufacture of diamond drill bits. The court
found this insufficient, and held that the plaintiff “should say how it
alleges these steps infringe the claims in the Patent mentioned in… the
statement of claim…” (_Smit_ at 141).

Developments in English law from the 1930s to the 1950s

25 In 1936, the UK Rules of the Supreme Court were amended in an attempt to
make a plaintiff define the ambit of his claims at an early stage (see the
unreported decision of _Mars Incorporated v Azkoyen SA and Others_ (27
February 1991) (“ _Mars_ ”), which details such a development). The amended O
53a r 21A(2) required the parties to deliver:

… statements signed by counsel setting out all the contentions whether of fact
or law (including contentions as to the _construction of the specification_ or
other documents) upon which the parties respectively intend to rely. [emphasis
added]

26 As such, in cases such as _Fraser v Simpsons (Piccadilly) Ltd and Platinum
Products Ltd_ 54 RPC 199, the court ordered the patentee to deliver a
statement referring to every claim alleged to be infringed of the patent,
_inter alia_ specifying the integers alleged to be comprised in each claim and
identifying parts of the products with the corresponding integers specified in
the claim.

Developments in English law from the 1950s onward

27 There was some discontent with the rule requiring parties to construct
their claims. In _Unifloc Reagents Ltd v Newstead Colliery Ltd_ (1943) 60 RPC
165 (“ _Unifloc Reagents_ ”) at 191, Bennett J noted that while it was
initially thought that an exchange of statements at an early stage of a patent
action would enable the real issues to be discovered thus shortening the
trial, the said statements often added to the length of the trial and the
expense of patent litigation. Similarly, in _Terrell and Shelley on the Law of
Patents_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th ed, 1951) at p 355 (as cited in _Mars_), it was
stated that:

The rule as originally drafted contemplated the exchange of ‘statements’
setting out the substantial issues between the parties, which statements, it
was hoped, would result in a saving of expense at the trial. In several cases
elaborate orders for this purpose were made and it has been discussed whether
the statements should necessarily be reciprocal. _But experience has shown
that the effect of these statements is merely to increase the length of the
trial and it is unlikely they will be ordered in future_. [emphasis added]

28 In recognition of the difficulties caused by the rule, the UK Rules of the
Supreme Court were subsequently amended in 1954 to delete the provision for
the exchange of statements (see _Mars_).

29 In _Lux Traffic Controls Limited v The Staffordshire Public Works Company
Limited_ [1991] 4 RPC 73 (“ _Lux_ ”), the Patents Court had occasion to
consider the issue relating to further and better particulars of patent
infringement. Aldous J emphasised that it was “well settled that particulars
will not be ordered of construction of a patent claim”, citing _inter alia_
the cases of _Wenham_ and _Marsden_ (_Lux_ at 75, lines 34-40). The court also
helpfully explained the rationale for the return to the traditional position,
and reiterated that _Wenham_ should apply (_Lux_ at 75, lines 43-48):

About forty years ago orders were made that parties should serve details of
the construction of the claims that they were going to rely on. _The
experience of the court was that this led to considerable expense, time and
energy being wasted_. The learned pleaders took _considerable time_ and with
their _considerable skill pleaded the construction of the claims in
alternative forms_. It turned out that the _interests of justice were not
advanced_ by such orders and they were discontinued.

The practice of this court has recently changed, in that there is exchange of
statements of expert witnesses a number of weeks before trial; this ensures
that the parties are not taken by surprise. Also in most cases there is
exchange of all witness statements. In the present case the defendant submits
that the particulars requested should be given now so that its witnesses can
turn their minds to the particular points in issue.

I have come to the conclusion that _the statements made by Chitty J. are just
applicable today as they were when they were made_ and it would be quite wrong
to order any particulars of construction of the claim.

[emphasis added]

30 Indeed, on a close reading of _Lux_ , Aldous J appeared to take a position
that was possibly even more restrictive than the traditional position; he
opined, albeit _obiter_ , that it was “doubtful” that particulars would be
ordered _even if_ the request was “drafted in a way that would avoid the
plaintiff having to construe [the claim]”, adding that (_Lux_ at 76-77):

One of the advantages of the system of exchanging all witness statements is
that the parties are not taken by surprise and there is plenty of time to
analyse the other party’s case. Thus it is important that the pleadings should
raise and limit the issues between the parties, but their cost of production
should not escalate. _Increase in costs at the pleading stage places an
unnecessary burden upon litigants who in many cases settle the dispute before
trial_. Thus the present system is designed to ensure that the pleadings
define and limit the issues so that the parties can prepare their cases for
trial. This is aided by exchange of witness statements. Thus nobody is taken
by surprise on the day of the trial. [emphasis added]

31 About a month later, Aldous J rendered the unreported decision of _Mars_.
In _Mars_ , the defendant had sought further particulars based on reference to
words of the patent claims, seeking that the plaintiffs should identify either
parts or values which are said to be embodied in defendant’s allegedly
infringing apparatus. Aldous J reiterated his view that the position taken in
_Wenham_ (_viz_ that claim construction would not be ordered at the stage of
particulars of pleadings) was the “correct practice”, and emphasised three
reasons for such a view:

First, it is _not easy for a plaintiff to put a precise construction upon his
claims until all the facts are before the court_. Under the present practice,
witness statements are exchanged, and therefore it is normally possible for a
plaintiff to construe his claims during the opening of the action.

Secondly, orders making a plaintiff define the ambit of the claims by serving
a statement to that effect have proved to be disastrous. _They lead to the
drafting of long and complicated documents_ , and discussions as to the
meaning of those documents, thereby _increasing the cost of patent actions_.

Thirdly, if the true construction finally relied on was not pleaded in such
statements, then applications to amend were made which, subject to costs, were
normally allowed. Thus little, if anything, was gained.

32 Aldous J also cited the decision in _Unifloc Reagents_ (see [27] above) and
went on to emphasise that:

Ever since 1954 the practice has been that _no particulars will be ordered
which will require the plaintiff to set out his construction of the claims of
his patent_. That practice is, I believe, properly founded, and it would be
wrong to go back to the procedure which existed between 1936 and 1954 which
had to be abandoned. [emphasis added]

33 On the facts of _Mars_ , Aldous J found that the defendants were seeking
particulars which required the plaintiffs to set out their construction of
their claims, and therefore made no order on the application.

34 The cases cited thus far illustrate that, traditionally (and with the
exception of the intervening period of 1936 to 1954), the standard practice in
patent infringement cases was that patentees were not generally ordered to
give particulars requiring them to construe their patent claims. Even where
particulars were ordered, such as in _Marsden_ and _Smit_ , the courts were
keen to reiterate that the patentees did not have to construe their respective
patents. This has led some commentators to opine that it is “unusual” for
particulars clarifying patent construction to be ordered (see _Blackstone’s
Civil Practice 2013_ (Stuart Sime & Derek French _gen ed_) (Oxford University
Press, 2012) (“ _Blackstone’s Civil Practice 2013_ ”) at para 30.2). Indeed,
as alluded to above (at [30]), the court in _Lux_ may have gone even further
than the traditional position, opining that particulars may not be ordered
_even if_ the request was drafted in a way to avoid any form of claim
construction.

Recent trends towards provision of information at an early stage

35 More recently, however, there has been evidence of a trend towards the
provision of information at an early stage (see Brian Cordery _et al_ ,
_Review of Patent Cases in the English Courts in 2008_ at 16), and that the
position stated in _Lux_ is no longer an “invariable rule” (see _Blackstone’s
Civil Practice 2013_ at para 30.2).

36 The case of _Novartis AG, Ciba Vision AB v Johnson & Johnson Medical
Limited_ [2008] EWHC 293 (Pat) (“ _Novartis_ ”) is especially instructive in
this regard, and will be analysed at some length.

37 In _Novartis_ , the Patents Court ordered the provision of particulars in
response to the defendant’s request for information concerning the
construction of the patent in the suit. Floyd J recognised the traditional
position (citing _Lux_) that patentees would not be ordered to give
particulars of the construction which they propose to put on the claims, but
went on to note that _Lux_ was decided prior to the introduction of the UK
Civil Procedure Rules (“CPR”), and relied upon very old authorities such as
_Wenham_. In this regard, it should be noted that Rule 63.6 of the CPR, read
with para 4.1 of the UK Practice Direction 63, is very similar to O 87A r 2(2)
of the Rules of Court.

38 On the facts of _Novartis_ , the defendants sought particulars of the
construction of the plaintiffs’ claims _inter alia_ because the defendants
intended to carry out experiments to demonstrate that the plaintiff’s patent
did not deliver what it claimed (_ie_ that the patent claims were
insufficient), and that there was obviousness based on examples in the prior
art (_Novartis_ at [8]). The defendants argued that until they knew about how
the patent claims were constructed, they would not know how to design their
experiments, and that this would lead to wasted costs if it transpired – at
the exchange of expert reports – that there were additional characteristics of
the material to be tested (_Novartis_ at [12]). The plaintiffs contended that
it would not be right at a relatively early stage of the proceedings to
require them to commit to what characteristics must be tested, that the
necessary detail will emerge in expert reports, and that it is not for the
plaintiffs to tell the defendants how to design their experiments (_Novartis_
at [13]).

39 Floyd J opined that “[e]xperiments raise different questions”, and noted
that the cost of experiments, as well as the failure of experiments to
illuminate the precise issue in dispute, were common criticisms made of patent
litigation in the UK (_Novartis_ at [14]). He accordingly made an order for
the plaintiffs to state whether they will contend at trial that the skilled
addressee would understand a certain term of art (“ophthalmically compatible”)
to have a particular specified meaning (_Novartis_ at [15]). He also ordered
the plaintiffs to define what was meant by “prescribed period of wear”, so
that the defendants would be aware of the period for which the experiments had
to be conducted (_Novartis_ at [16]). He noted that it would not be
satisfactory for the defendants to have to repeat experiments for a longer
period depending on what the plaintiffs contended at trial, and that it was
not burdensome for the plaintiffs – being proprietors of the patent – to state
what they will contend is meant by “prescribed period of wear” (_Novartis_ at
[16]). Adopting a similar approach with similar reasons, Floyd J also ordered
the plaintiffs to provide particulars on several other claims, so as to
clarify what was meant by _inter alia_ “extended periods of wear”, “oxygen
permeation in an amount sufficient to maintain corneal health”, “ion and water
permeation”, _etc_ (_Novartis_ at [17]-[22]). Floyd J also ordered the
plaintiffs to provide particulars on “whether at trial the claimants will
contend that in order to determine whether an ophthalmic lens falls within the
claims of the Patent it is necessary to carry out a clinical assessment of the
behaviour of the lens in the eye”, finding that despite the fact that the
answer may not be a straight “yes” or “no”, it would nonetheless be a useful
request to have answered at this stage (_Novartis_ at [23]).

40 Regarding the requests on (a) whether the respective clinical assessments
included measurement of a specific parameter; and (b) identification of the
criteria to be applied to distinguish a positive value of that parameter from
a null or negative one, Floyd J found that it was appropriate to order the
plaintiffs to answer the former (regarding what measurements have to be made),
but not the latter (_Novartis_ at [26]). In Floyd J’s view, the latter request
is to be debated by experts in due course, rather than at the stage of
pleadings (_Novartis_ at [26]).

41 With regard to requests on whether the examples stated in the patent were
alleged to fall within the patent claims, Floyd J ordered the plaintiffs to
identify the examples which were outside the patent claim (_Novartis_ at
[29]-[32]). However, Floyd J did not allow the request for the plaintiffs to
state “which of the lenses have been assessed clinically in humans and over
what period of wear”, as he was of the view that this would be a “very
substantial” exercise that was inappropriate at the pleading stage (_Novartis_
at [33]-[34]).

42 With regard to requests on the commercial success of the plaintiffs’
products, Floyd J ordered the plaintiffs to state which claims in the patent
were contended to cover each brand of commercial lenses; however, he made no
order for the plaintiffs to state which of their commercial lenses were made
in accordance with the examples in the patent as this request went too far and
was of dubious value (_Novartis_ at [35]-[37]).

Summary

43 It appears, therefore, that the English developments in this particular
area of the law may be summarised as a series of movements, beginning from the
_traditional position_ (where the office of the particulars of infringement
clearly did _not_ permit any form of claim construction), to the position
where particulars of infringement, including those that involve claim
construction, were mandated by subsidiary legislation, back to the traditional
position (and, indeed, a position possibly more restrictive than the
traditional position, as envisaged in _Lux_ albeit _in obiter_), and finally
to the _modern position_ (where, in exceptional cases, the office of the
particulars of infringement may extend to claim construction depending on the
facts of the case).

The legal position in Singapore

44 In view of the paucity of case law in Singapore setting out the role of the
office of particulars in patent infringement claims, English case law would be
persuasive given the similarity of the regimes. However, even then, there does
not appear to be any firm authority in the UK regarding how the traditional
and modern positions interplay.

45 There are competing considerations which underlie the tension between the
two positions. On one hand, underlying the approach in _Novartis_ is the clear
desire to narrow issues and save litigation costs, particularly – on the facts
of _Novartis_ at least – with regard to _expensive biomedical experiments_. In
_Novartis_ , the court found it necessary that the plaintiffs to order answers
to certain requests for particulars in order to ensure that the defendant’s
clinical trials were conducted on the correct basis. It was unsatisfactory to
allow the plaintiffs to identify the characteristics for testing only at the
stage of experts reports, as such an approach may require the defendants to
perform experiments again at that stage, and may also have led to the
defendants investing significant resources into performing immaterial
experiments.

46 On the other hand, there are difficulties with adopting the _Novartis_
approach as a general approach to _all_ patent infringement claims (see _Lux_
and [29] above). While there may be benefit in ordering early construction of
what a claim means, the experience of the English courts from 1937 to 1954 was
that parties would attempt to put forward a plethora of alternative claim
constructions, eventually resulting in immense wastage of time and energy of
all involved.

47 In my view, the approach propounded in _Novartis_ should be applied only in
certain exceptional circumstances. Indeed, Floyd J was careful to emphasise
that the _Novartis_ decision was based on the unique facts of the case; the
spectre of the immense costs of misdirected and inadequate experiments,
coupled with the fact that it would not be burdensome for the plaintiffs to
answer some of the requests, undoubtedly motivated Floyd J’s departure from
the traditional approach which had held sway in English law for (at least) a
century.

48 I am of the view that the considerations in _Novartis_ are equally
pertinent to the present case, and that the _Novartis_ decision would
therefore be highly persuasive. First, like in _Novartis_ , the present case
involves a pharmaceutical patent, and – as is often the case in claims
involving such patents – the precise patent infringement(s) may not be easily
observable without the conduct of experiments. Second, the experiments just
alluded to are often very costly, and an absence of particularisation at an
early stage may result in the wasted costs of misdirected and inadequate
experiments. Third, it should be noted that the present case involves a patent
infringement claim under the Medicines Act. All that is required to trigger
the 30-month moratorium is an action for _prospective_ infringement (_contra_
a _past_ act of infringement, as is required for claims under the Patents Act)
(see _AstraZeneca_ at [30]; and see [6] above and [71] below). For all the
reasons stated in this paragraph, in my view, the provision of more
particulars at an earlier stage of the proceedings may be necessary in cases
such as the present.

49 I turn now to consider the Defendant’s requests for further and particulars
of the Plaintiff’s patent infringement claim.

Application to the facts

50 There are three points to note, at the outset, before considering the
individual requests made in the Application.

51 First, in the present case, paragraph 7 of the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 1) simply repeats all the acts of infringement found in the
Patents Act. Paragraph 7 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) reads:

The Plaintiff contends the following acts for which the product licenses
referred to in paragraph 4 are sought, namely (a) disposal of the Defendant’s
Products; (b) offer to dispose of the Defendant’s Products; (c) using the
Defendant’s Products; (d) importing the Defendant’s Products; and (e) keeping
whether for disposal or otherwise of the Defendant’s Products; _will infringe
claims 1 to 27 of Singapore Patent No. SG 89993_ if carried out by the
Defendant in Singapore. [emphasis added]

52 It is evident that the said paragraph does not provide any detail to aid
the Defendant in identifying how the Defendant’s Products are alleged to
infringe the claims of the Plaintiff’s Patent.

53 Second, and as mentioned above, the Defendant has already provided the
Plaintiff with discovery of the Product Descriptions of the Defendant’s
Products (see [9] above). As such, the Plaintiff is in a position to analyse
the chemical composition of the Defendant’s product in order to decide how it
would be proceeding with the present patent infringement claim. Indeed, I note
that in the written submissions filed for the relevant discovery application,
counsel for the Plaintiff had represented that the Defendant’s product and
process descriptions for the Defendant’s Products were:

… clearly relevant to ascertain whether the Defendant’s [Products] falls
within the claims 1 and 24 of the Plaintiff’s [Patent]. The product
description will ascertain whether the Defendant’s [Products] (which
undeniably contains Rosuvastatin) covers the pharmaceutical composition
comprising the active ingredient and an inorganic salt in which the cation is
multivalent as per claim 1 of the Plaintiff’s patent. The process description
will similarly ascertain whether the Rosucard product was made from the method
claimed in claim 24 of the Plaintiff’s [Patent]. …

54 Therefore, insofar as some of the particulars sought by the Defendant
concern whether the Defendant’s Products had infringed the Plaintiff’s Patent
in some way, the Plaintiff is not placed in a position where it will be
impossible to provide those particulars. Indeed, it was precisely for the
purposes of ascertaining what the Defendant’s Products contained in order to
mount its case for infringement that the Plaintiff had sought discovery of the
Defendant’s Products.

55 Third, it should also be noted that at the hearing of the Application,
counsel for the Plaintiff lamented that but for the Application, expert
reports could have been filed and exchanged by January 2013. According to him,
the expert has been on “stand by”, but “has not actually done the work”. In my
view, if the expert has been on stand by and has been ready to provide the
necessary input (by January 2013, which was two months prior to the hearing of
the Application), this, coupled with the fact that the Plaintiff had
successfully obtained discovery of the Defendant’s Products (for the specific
purpose, I would add, of analysing the same for purposes of infringement),
would suggest that the granting of some of the requests would not be overly
burdensome for the Plaintiff.

56 Against the backdrop set out above, I summarise the Defendant’s seven
requests for further particulars as follows:

(a) Request 1 seeks identification and further particulars of how each of the
27 claims will be infringed, and for the Plaintiff “to identify the specific
component(s)/characteristic(s) of the Defendant’s products that reads on each
element of each claim identified”;

(b) Request 2 seeks identification and further particulars of the Inorganic
Salt and “specifically the definition adopted by the Plaintiff”;

(c) Request 3 seeks identification and further particulars of whether the
Inorganic Salt is “directed solely to performing a stabilising function”;

(d) If Request 3 is in the affirmative, then Request 4 seeks identification
and further particulars of the “specific condition(s) against which the
[Inorganic Salt] stabilises”;

(e) Request 5 seeks identification and further particulars of the
“pharmaceutical composition” identified in claims 1, 3 to 19, 24 and 27 of the
Plaintiff’s Patent, specifically whether the composition “includes a coating
thereof”;

(f) Request 6 seeks identification and further particulars of the
“pharmaceutical tablet” identified in claim 2 of the Plaintiff’s Patent,
specifically whether the tablet “includes a coating thereof”; and

(g) Request 7 seeks further particulars of the means by which the Inorganic
Salt “is incorporated into the compound”, and specifically, “whether the
method of incorporation is that of admixture”.

Request 1

57 Request 1 will be allowed. In my view, it is insufficient for the Plaintiff
to simply state that all 27 claims have been infringed. Taking Claim 1 for
example, Claim 1 claims at least 6 different elements, _viz_ (a) a
pharmaceutical product; (b) in the form of a composition; (c) comprising a
specific chemical structure, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof as
the active ingredient; and (d) an inorganic salt in which the cation is
multivalent, but provided (e) that the inorganic salt is not a hydrotalcite or
synthetic hydrotalcite; and (f) the counter anion to the inorganic salt is not
a phospate. It was pointed out to me by counsel for the Defendant that Claim 1
was a very _broad_ class of claims – it is, in effect, describing a class of
salts, with some exclusions, rather than reference to a _specific_ salt or
material. Yet, the Plaintiff has not informed how Claim 1 is infringed,
despite obtaining discovery.

58 I am aware that there is no objection to the patentee stating that he
relies on all the claims in his patent (_Haslam & Co v Hall_ (1887) 4 RPC 203
at 206, as cited in _Singapore Court Practice_ at para 87A/2/2). However, in
my view, this should not absolve the Plaintiff from informing the Defendant of
the case against him. It would be highly onerous for the Defendant to prepare
to meet every possible case against it on each of the 27 claims. This would,
it is imagined, involve – amongst other things – painstaking investigation
into the prior art relating to each of the 27 claims.

59 Counsel for the Plaintiff forcefully argued that Request 1 essentially
requires the Plaintiff to construe its claim. This would not be a knock-down
argument, in light of the reasons stated and the position taken in _Novartis_.

60 That said, in my view, even under the traditional position, Request 1
should be allowed. In this regard, it would be recalled that in _Marsden_ ,
the patent at issue covered a series of acts to be done sequentially, as part
of which colouring materials of particular characteristics would be spread
onto cloth and then passed between rollers heated with gas flames, which
served to cause the colouring materials to adhere strongly to the cloth. The
plaintiff pleaded that the defendant had done the series of acts, but failed
to particularise whether the colouring materials allegedly used by the
defendant had the particular characteristics described in the patent, and
whether the defendant was alleged to have treated the colouring materials in
the manner described in the patent for the purpose of fixing the colouring
materials onto the cloth. The court noted that it was insufficient for a
plaintiff to set out generally the process allegedly used by the defendant,
and simply state that the process infringed the plaintiff’s patent, and
required the plaintiff to particularise whether it was alleging that the
defendant’s process used the materials defined in the patent at issue and
whether the materials were used in the manner described in the patent at
issue. Similarly, in _Smit_ , the court held that the defendant had to state
_how_ it alleged the defendant’s manufacturing steps infringe the claims in
the plaintiff’s patent. Although counsel for the Plaintiff pointed out that
the patents in _Marsden_ and _Smit_ were _process_ patents (_contra_ some of
the claims in the present case, which involved a _product_ patent), I do not
think that this would be a material distinguishing factor.

Request 2

61 Request 2 will not be allowed. Request 2 requires the Plaintiff to, _inter
alia_ , define the Inorganic Salt. This appears to me to be the work suited
for expert evidence at a later stage of the proceedings, and is not necessary
at the stage of pleadings. Ultimately, these will be issues to be defined by
experts, and submitted for final determination at trial. I note that
_Novartis_ may suggest that a plaintiff can be ordered to define the terms in
his patent claims. However, in my view, the definition of the Inorganic Salt
in the present case can be distinguished from the definitions of
“ophthalmically compatible” and “prescribed period of wear” in _Novartis_.
These latter terms involved parameters that were broad, vague and plausibly
subjective, and that would directly affect the experiments to be conducted by
the defendant in _Novartis_ ; the same cannot be said of the definition of the
Inorganic Salt in the present case.

Requests 3 and 4

62 With regard to Requests 3 and 4, counsel for the Plaintiff pointed out that
there was no reference to any “stabilising function” in the Plaintiff’s Patent
claims. This, he submitted, should mean that Requests 3 and 4 – which are
based on the premise that the Plaintiff’s Patent claims a “stabilising
function” – cannot be granted.

63 While I understand that the Plaintiff should not be made to limit his claim
at an early stage, and _a fortiori_ based on limitations that are not apparent
on the face of the claims, I note that the “stabilising function” appears to
have been put in issue in the proceedings. First, the specification on page 2
of the Plaintiff’s Patent indicates that the Inorganic Salt is incorporated
“as a stabilising agent”. Second, the Plaintiff has represented that it is “a
stabiliser which comprised an [Inorganic Salt]” that infringes the claims of
the Plaintiff’s Patent. Third, counsel for the Plaintiff confirmed during the
hearing of the Application that it is true that the “inventive step” for the
Plaintiff’s patent is the stabilising function, but there is no need for the
Plaintiff to specify the same. Fourth, the court in _AstraZeneca_ had noted
that the only reason for the action was because “the [P]laintiff did not
believe that the [D]efendant’s composition did not contain a stabiliser which
comprised an [Inorganic Salt]” (_AstraZeneca_ at [13]).

64 Depending on whether it is the Plaintiff’s case that the inorganic salt in
the Defendant’s Products performs a stabilising function, the Defendant will
have to decide whether to conduct experiments to determine if the Defendant’s
inorganic salt indeed has a stabilising function. While there is no explicit
reference to a stabilising function within the Plaintiff’s Patent claims, for
the reasons stated in [63] above, the Defendant may be put through unnecessary
costs and expense due to vagueness as to whether the experiments should
include measurement of a specific parameter (_viz_ , the “stabilising
function”). I therefore allow Requests 3 and 4. I am fortified in my decision
in this regard by the decision in _Novartis_ on a similar point (see [39]-[40]
above).

Requests 5 and 6

65 Requests 5 and 6 are mirrored requests regarding the terms “pharmaceutical
composition” and “pharmaceutical tablet” respectively. Each of these requests
has two components: (a) the definition of the term in question; and (b)
whether the term in question includes a “coating” thereof.

66 I do not think that it is necessary for the Plaintiff to define what is
meant by the terms, _inter alia_ because the Defendant has not shown that he
requires such definitions to know the case against it. However, as for whether
the terms in question include a “coating” thereof, I am of the view that this
part of the requests is “inclusive” in nature – it merely seeks particulars on
whether the Plaintiff’s claim _includes_ a “coating”. I therefore find it
difficult to see how the request for such particulars requires the Plaintiff
to limit its claims.

67 I therefore allow Requests 5 and 6 only insofar as they relate to whether
the term in question includes a “coating” thereof.

Request 7

68 Request 7 relates to Claims 24 and 27 of the Plaintiff’s Patent. Claims 24
and 27 of the Plaintiff’s Patent claim “[a] method of producing a stabilised
pharmaceutical composition which comprises _incorporating_ an [Inorganic
Salt]” [emphasis added]. Counsel for the Plaintiff conceded that some examples
of admixtures were given, but that the claims did not limit incorporation to
be by way of admixture.

69 Similar to Request 2, Request 7 appears to me to be the work suited for
expert evidence at a later stage of the proceedings, and is not necessary at
the stage of pleadings. It does not appear appropriate to require the
Plaintiff to define whether the method of incorporation is that of admixture.
Furthermore, the process of admixture was neither referred to on the face of
the claims, nor has it been put in issue akin to the “stabilising function”.
As such, Request 7 will not be allowed.

Conclusion

70 By way of a parenthetical concluding observation, where a claim has serious
consequences to the public and to a defendant’s legitimate business, as a
matter of good practice, the plaintiff should be required to give proper
particulars of its claim. This principle is established in actions for breach
of confidence, where the courts have held that extra care must be taken to
ensure “clear particularisation” (_John Zink Co Ltd v Wilkinson_ [1973] RPC
717, followed in _Chiarapurk Jack v Haw par Brothers International Ltd_ [1993]
2 SLR(R) 620, and _Ocular Sciences Ltd v Aspect Vision Care Ltd_ [1997] RPC
289 (“ _Ocular Sciences_ ”)). This is because, _inter alia_ , courts are
careful to ensure that such claims are not used to oppress and harass
competitors (_Ocular Sciences_ at 359).

71 Although the precise scheme for patent actions differs from that regarding
actions for breaches of confidence, the same concerns and considerations
should apply. Indeed, such concerns are recognised, in part, in the form of
remedies against groundless threats of patent infringement. In my view, these
concerns apply _a fortiori_ to actions taken out under the Medicines Act,
because such actions trigger a stay on the processing of product licences for
medicinal products for a period of 30 months from the date of the commencement
of the action, based simply on _prospective_ infringement (see [6] and [48]
above). The availability of the moratorium, whilst possibly intended to
encourage settlement of patent infringement claims before the allegedly
infringing products enter the market, can be used to delay the manufacture,
importation and sale of medicinal products by competitors of the patentee, and
may further have the effect of hindering public access to the competitor’s
products. Accordingly, the modern position as embodied in _Novartis_ is, for
the reasons alluded to throughout this judgment (and, in particular, at
[47]-[48] above), patently applicable to cases such as the present.

72 Returning to the Application, I have allowed Requests 1, 3, 4, as well as 5
and 6 (both in part). Counsel for the Plaintiff requested for, to which
counsel for the Defendant consented, 14 days to file and serve the particulars
related to the allowed requests, and I so order.

73 I will now hear parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Mar 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

