Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Hu Lee Impex Pte Ltd _v_ Lim Aik Seng (trading as Tong Seng Vegetable
Trading)  
[2013] SGHC 142

Case Number| :| Suit No 190 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Wong Tze Roy (Goh JP & Wong) for the plaintiff; Chow Weng
Weng (Chow Ng Partnership) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Hu Lee Impex Pte Ltd — Lim Aik Seng (trading as Tong Seng
Vegetable Trading)  
  
26 July 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Hu Lee Impex Pte Ltd, seeks an order that the defendant Lim
Aik Seng assigns the tenancy of a shop unit located at Block 11, Wholesale
Centre #01-572, Singapore (the “Shop Unit”) pursuant to certain oral
agreements. The Shop Unit is currently being rented by the defendant from the
Housing and Development Board (“HDB”).

Facts

Undisputed background

2 Both the plaintiff and defendant are wholesalers dealing with fruits and
vegetables. Tan Soon Huat (“PW1”) is the plaintiff’s managing director. The
defendant, with one Tan Cheng Tong (“the deceased”), had registered Tong Seng
Vegetable Trading (“TSVT”) as a business name for their partnership in March
1998. The plaintiff had carried on part of its wholesale business at the Shop
Unit since about 1992, and had been renewing tenancy agreements in respect of
the same with the HDB since then. A few months after May 2006, the plaintiff
assigned the tenancy of the Shop Unit to TSVT, with TSVT subsequently entering
into a tenancy agreement dated 7 November 2006 directly with HDB for the Shop
Unit.

Purported oral agreements

3 The parties materially disagree on the circumstances surrounding the
assignment of the Shop Unit to TSVT. The plaintiff alleges that the Shop Unit
was assigned pursuant to a specific oral agreement (elaborated upon at [5]
below) (“the 2006 Agreement”). The defendant denies that there was ever such
an agreement.

4 Early in 2011, the deceased learnt that he was terminally ill from cancer. A
meeting was held at the deceased’s home in May 2011, where discussions were
held regarding the Shop Unit (“the May 2011 Meeting”). The plaintiff alleges
that another oral agreement was concluded (elaborated upon at [7] below) (“the
2011 Agreement”). The defendant denies that there was such an oral agreement.
The deceased subsequently passed away on 1 June 2011.

Pleadings

5 The plaintiff avers that the 2006 Agreement was made on the following
express terms:

(a) The plaintiff would assign to the deceased or TSVT all its rights and
interest in the Shop Unit under the tenancy agreement with the HDB dated 21
December 2004;

(b) The sole purpose of the assignment was to enable the deceased to carry on
a vegetable wholesale business at the Shop Unit;

(c) The plaintiff would not charge the deceased and/or TSVT any fee for the
assignment; and

(d) The Shop Unit would have to be reassigned to the plaintiff upon the
plaintiff’s request or the deceased ceasing to operate a vegetable wholesale
business at the Shop Unit.

6 In contrast, the defendant avers that the plaintiff had relocated its
business to new premises at Chin Bee Avenue and had no further need for its
then three shop units (of which the Shop Unit was one) at the Pasir Panjang
Wholesale Centre, all of which had cold rooms installed by the plaintiff. The
plaintiff had approached the defendant and the deceased sometime in May 2006
for TSVT to take over two of the units without any payment required. In
return, the plaintiff would take over the tenancies of two stalls in the same
wholesale centre from the defendant and the deceased. The defendant and the
deceased understood that it was cheaper and easier for the plaintiff to assign
the units (inclusive of the cold rooms) without requiring any payment, as
surrendering the units back to the HDB would entail reinstatement of the same
involving the removal of the cold rooms. The defendant and the deceased
subsequently agreed that they would only take the Shop Unit. Notably, the
plaintiff assigned the second unit to a third party which to-date is still
occupying the same. The third unit was reinstated and surrendered to the HDB.

7 As regards the 2011 Agreement, the plaintiff avers that PW1 had at the May
2011 Meeting informed the deceased, the deceased’s wife (one Seow Sai Gek),
and the defendant that the plaintiff would require the Shop Unit to be
reassigned to it immediately. Although the plaintiff was not bound to do so,
it offered to help the deceased (or the deceased’s wife) and the defendant by
operating a vegetable wholesale business at the Shop Unit after the
assignment, and share the profits therefrom with them. The defendant instead
requested for the plaintiff to allow the defendant’s son to operate the
vegetable wholesale business. The plaintiff agreed to this on the following
conditions:

(a) The plaintiff would defer requiring the assignment of the Shop Unit back
to it, and would allow specifically the defendant’s son to join the defendant
in operating the vegetable wholesale business at the Shop Unit;

(b) No other party apart from the defendant’s son would be allowed to operate
and/or join the defendant in the vegetable wholesale business at the Shop
Unit;

(c) The defendant and/or his son would have to pay over to the deceased (or
the deceased’s wife) their share of the profits made from the vegetable
wholesale business at the Shop Unit; and

(d) The Shop Unit would have to be assigned back to the plaintiff if the
defendant’s son ceased to operate the vegetable wholesale business at the Shop
Unit, or if the defendant breached any of the other terms of the 2011
Agreement.

8 The plaintiff alleges that the 2011 Agreement was breached on two counts.
First, the defendant’s son did not operate the wholesale business at the Shop
Unit. Instead the defendant allowed one Choi Chin Foong (“Choi”) and one Wong
Yew Choong (“Wong”) to operate and/or join in the defendant’s business.
Second, the defendant had not paid to the deceased (or the deceased’s wife)
their share of the profits.

9 As stated earlier, the defendant denies that there was any such agreement.
The defendant denies that the plaintiff had asked for the Shop Unit to be
reassigned, and also avers that it would not have made any commercial sense
for the plaintiff to offer to operate the business at the Shop Unit sharing
the profits therefrom with the defendant and the deceased (or the deceased’s
wife). There was also no commercial sense in the plaintiff’s insistence upon
the defendant’s son being the only person allowed to operate the business, as
TSVT was the lawful tenant and was fully entitled to decide how it should
operate its business.

10 The defendant further submits, in the alternative, that both the 2006
Agreement and the 2011 Agreement (hereinafter “the Agreements”) are
unenforceable as they do not meet the requirements of s 6(_d_) of the Civil
Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“s 6(_d_)”). The plaintiff has several
rebuttals to this. First, s 6(_d_) only applies to contracts which create an
interest in immovable property, which the Agreements do not. Second (and this
appears to be in similar vein), the Agreements are not assignments but
agreements to assign. Agreements to assign do not transfer or dispose of any
interest in immovable property at the time of agreement, but at a future time
or subject to the fulfilment of conditions. The Agreements confer rights _in
personam_ , which are not caught by s 6(_d_). Third, even if s 6(_d_) were
applicable, the doctrine of part performance would apply.

Issues

11 Accordingly, the issues raised are: first, whether there were oral
agreements concluded in 2006 and 2011 and; second, assuming _arguendo_ that
there were such oral agreements, whether they meet the requirements of s
6(_d_). I shall deal with the second issue first.

Are the requirements of s 6(_d_) met?

12 Section 6(_d_) provides as follows:

**Contracts which must be evidenced in writing**

6\. No action shall be brought against —

…

(_d_) any person upon any contract for the sale or other disposition of
immovable property, or any interest in such property; or

…

unless the promise or agreement upon which such action is brought, or some
memorandum or note thereof, is in writing and signed by the party to be
charged therewith or some other person lawfully authorised by him.

13 The UK Law Commission, in its report _Transfer of Land Formalities for
Contracts for Sale etc. of Land_ (Law Com No 164, 1987) (Chairman: Mr Justice
Beldham) (“UK Law Commission Report”), set out succinctly the justification
for requiring contracts dealing with land to comply with certain requirements.
They can be summarised as follows:

(a) There is a need for certainty. The existence and terms of oral contracts
are always difficult to establish and the resulting confusion would lead to
increased litigation. The availability of reliable and incontrovertible
evidence of the existence and terms of a transaction would minimise disputes
(at para 2.7).

(b) The evidential function of writing also assists the prevention of fraud
and goes some way to ensuring that parties are not bound in the absence of
actual agreement (at para 2.8).

(c) The requirement of writing would warn the consumer about the gravity of
the transaction into which he is about to enter and give him time to reflect
and (if need be) seek legal advice. At least, it prevents a person from being
bound without realising it since most people are aware that signing a written
document imports some binding effect (at para 2.9).

(d) Without formalities, it may be difficult to ascertain the exact time when
a contract is created, and this would lead to confusion. Pre-contract
negotiations would be unnecessarily uncertain and hazardous (at para 2.10).

(e) Formalities perform a “channelling” function by marking off transactions
from one another and creating standardised transactions. The identification
and classification of certain types of transaction are facilitated, enabling
them to be dealt with routinely (at para 2.11).

(f) Each piece of land is unique; interests in or rights over it should not be
created or disposed of casually. The remedy of specific performance for
contracts relating to land recognises this (at para 2.12).

14 In my view, the plaintiff’s first two contentions are unsustainable for
reasons set out below.

15 The plaintiff first argues that s 6(_d_) of the Act only applies to
contracts which create an interest in immovable property, and relies on
_Joseph Mathew v Singh Chiranjeev_ [2010] 1 SLR 338 (“ _Joseph Mathew (CA)_ ”)
where the Court of Appeal held at [23] that s 6(_d_) applies to an option to
purchase because such an option creates in favour of the option holder an
equitable interest in the land. The purported grant of an open-ended
obligation to assign a tenancy back to the plaintiff upon the fulfilment of
certain conditions (_ie_ , at a future date) undoubtedly involves the
disposition of _an interest_ in immovable property within the meaning of s
6(_d_). Indeed, the person entitled to the assignment of the tenancy at a
future date has a proprietary interest termed an _interesse termini_ : see
_Cathay Theatres Pte Ltd v LKM Investment Holdings Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR(R)
234 at [19] and [38]. I should add that it would be illogical for the law to
distinguish between different types of contracts pertaining to land on the
arbitrary basis of whether the buyer is able to point to a vested proprietary
interest: see [16] below.

16 The plaintiff next argues that s 6(_d_) does not apply to agreements to
assign (as opposed to assignments) because they do not transfer or dispose of
any interest in immovable property at the time of agreement but at a future
time or subject to the fulfilment of conditions. The plaintiff relies on
_Choong Wai Phwee (Trustees of Cheng Liam Um Vegetarian Temple) v Chileon Pte
Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 637 at [39], where the High Court held that there is a
distinction between a contract, which creates rights _in personam_ ; and a
conveyance, which creates rights _in_ rem. In my view, such distinction is
irrelevant and does not address the issue. The requirement for the formality
of writing is not predicated on the contract pertaining to land creating
rights _in rem_ from the outset. Formalities are required precisely because
the contract deals with _land_ (without the need for anything on top of this)
and certain policy considerations peculiar to land underlie the requirement of
evidence in writing as enumerated at [13] above.

17 The formal requirements of s 6(_d_) have thus not been met. This leads to
the question whether part performance applies to mitigate the rigour of s
6(_d_).

Does the doctrine of part performance apply?

18 In the alternative, the plaintiff argues that even if s 6(_d_) were to
apply, there has been part performance of the Agreements.

19 It is well-settled that part performance is part of Singapore law. _Joseph
Mathew (CA)_ held as follows at [48]:

Part performance is, of course, an exception to the requirements under s
6(_d_). It is equitable in origin and was intended to prevent, _inter alia_ ,
this very statutory provision from _itself_ being utilised as an engine of
fraud (and see, _eg_ , [_Steadman v Steadman_ [1976] AC 536] at 558 as well as
the oft cited observations of Farwell J in the English High Court decision of
_Broughton v Snook_ [1938] 1 Ch 505 at 513). Indeed, Lord Hoffmann, in the
House of Lords decision of _Actionstrength Ltd (t/a Vital Resources) v
International Glass Engineering IN.GL.EN SpA_ [2003] 2 AC 541 (“
_Actionstrength_ ”), observed (at [22]) that part performance was introduced
“[v]ery soon after” the 1677 UK Act. [emphasis in original]

20 However, there remains some difference of opinion as to how the doctrine of
part performance ought to apply. _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Andrew
Phang Boon Leong ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) notes at para 08.145:
“Singapore authority on the application of the doctrine [of part performance]
is scanty, and reference to its actual operation has generally been brief.”
The contributors go on to note at para 08.151 as follows:

... [Sir Edward] Fry set out two slightly different propositions as to when a
promisee’s acts might amount to sufficient “part performance” so as to justify
compulsion of a promisor to specifically perform what would otherwise be an
unenforceable contract.

Fry first set out the proposition that the promisee’s acts of part performance
had to be referable, “to a contract such as that alleged, but _to no other
title_ ” [emphasis added]. However, Fry then made a slightly different
proposition, that:

The true principle, however, of the operation of acts of part performance
seems only to require that the acts in question be such as must be referred to
_some_ contract, and may be referred to the alleged one; that they prove the
existence of _some_ contract, and are _consistent with_ the contract alleged.

[emphasis in original, footnotes in original omitted]

21 In this regard, there are two diametrically opposed English cases, namely,
_Elizabeth Maddison v John Alderson_ (1883) 8 App Cas 467 (“ _Maddison_ ”) and
_Steadman v Steadman_ [1976] AC 536 (“ _Steadman_ ”). The former case embodies
Sir Edward Fry’s first and stricter approach, while the latter embodies his
second and more liberal approach.

22 In the seminal House of Lords’ case of _Maddison_ , the appellant served as
a housekeeper for an owner in fee simple of a freehold estate without wage for
many years in consideration of the owner leaving to the appellant a life
interest in the estate. The owner had a will prepared for that purpose but the
will failed for want of due attestation. The appellant alleged that she was
entitled to a life interest in the estate by virtue of a parol agreement
which, though unenforceable due to s 4 of the Statute of Frauds 1677 (Chapter
3, 29 Cha 2), was performed on her part. A majority of the House of Lords
denied relief on the ground that the appellant’s acts were not unequivocally
referable to the alleged parol contract. The Earl of Selborne LC held at
478–479 that:

The doctrine, however, so established has been confined by judges of the
greatest authority within limits intended to prevent a recurrence of the
mischief which the statute was passed to suppress. The present case, resting
entirely upon the parol evidence of one of the parties to the transaction,
after the death of the other, forcibly illustrates the wisdom of the rule,
which requires some evidentia rei to connect the alleged part performance with
the alleged agreement. There is not otherwise enough in the situation in which
the parties are found to raise questions which may not be solved without
recourse to equity. It is not enough that an act done should be a condition
of, or good consideration for, a contract, unless it is, as between the
parties, such a part execution as to change their relative positions as to the
subject-matter of the contract.

Lord Hardwicke in _Gunter v. Halsey_ [Amb 586] said: “As to the acts done in
performance, **_they must be such as could be done with no other view or
design than to perform the agreement_** ” (“the terms of which,” he added,
“must be certainly proved”) … **_All the authorities shew that the acts relied
upon as part performance must be unequivocally, and in their own nature,
referable to some such agreement as that alleged_****.** …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Lord O’Hagan agreed, and opined at 485 as follows:

But there is no conflict of judicial opinion, and in my mind no ground for
reasonable controversy as to the essential character of the act which shall
amount to a part performance, in one particular. _It must be unequivocal._ It
must have relation to the one agreement relied upon, and to no other. It must
be such, in Lord Hardwicke’s words, “as could be done with no other view or
design than to perform that agreement.” _It must be sufficient of itself, and
without any other information or evidence, to satisfy a Court, from the
circumstances it has created and the relations it has formed, that they are
only consistent with the assumption of the existence of a contract the terms
of which equity requires, if possible, to be ascertained and enforced_.
[emphasis added, footnote omitted]

Lord FitzGerald also agreed, and held at 491 as follows:

... The Lord Chancellor has well laid down that the acts relied on as
performance to take the case out of the statute must be unequivocally and in
their own nature referable to some such agreement as that alleged, and I may
add must necessarily relate to and affect the land the subject of that
agreement. ...

23 Thus, on a classical interpretation of the doctrine of part performance,
the acts that are relied upon must unequivocally point towards the existence
of a contract fitting the description of the oral contract alleged to exist.
However, this requirement was not strictly applied in the later House of Lords
case of _Steadman_ ([21] _supra_). In that case, the marriage of the
appellant-wife and the respondent-husband was dissolved in 1970; they were
then joint owners of a house. Prior to the divorce, the husband had been
ordered to pay certain weekly sums for maintenance of both the wife and their
child, but was in arrears. The wife applied for an order for the sale of the
house and division of the proceeds. Before the hearing, the parties reached an
oral agreement with regard both to the maintenance and the house. The husband
was to pay £1,500 to the wife and the wife would transfer to the husband her
interest in the house. The husband had borrowed £1,500 from a building society
and paid that sum to his solicitor, who prepared a deed of transfer of the
wife’s interest and sent it for her signature. The wife pleaded that the
compromise agreement was unenforceable due to s 40 of the Law of Property Act
1925. The House of Lords held that the husband’s acts constituted part
performance of the oral contract. Lord Reid doubted _Maddison_ , and at
541G–542A opined as follows:

I am aware that it has often been said that the acts relied on must
necessarily or unequivocally indicate the existence of a contract. It may well
be that we should consider whether any prudent reasonable man would have done
those acts if there had not been a contract but many people are neither
prudent nor reasonable and they might often spend money or prejudice their
position not in reliance on a contract but in the optimistic expectation that
a contract would follow. _So if there were a rule that acts relied on as part
performance must of their own nature unequivocally show that there was a
contract, it would be only in the rarest case that all other possible
explanations could be excluded._

_In my view, unless the law is to be divorced from reason and principle, the
rule must be that you take the whole circumstances, leaving aside evidence
about the oral contract, to see whether it is proved that the acts relied on
were done in reliance on a contract: that will be proved if it is shown to be
more probable than not_.

[emphasis added]

Lord Simon of Glaisdale was in agreement, and held at 564B as follows:

... I am therefore of opinion not only that the facts relied on to prove acts
of part performance must be established merely on a balance of probability,
but that it is sufficient if it be shown that it was more likely than not that
those acts were in performance of some contract to which the defendant was a
party.

Lord Salmon was less unequivocal, but nonetheless held at 566H–567A:

... One rule, however, emerges clearly: a parol contract relating to land
cannot be enforced unless the acts relied on as part performance, of
themselves, establish a prima facie case that they were done in the
performance of a contract. Then, but only then, may parol evidence of the
contract be accepted. In order to discover the significance of the alleged
acts of part performance, the circumstances in which they were performed must,
I think, clearly be relevant. ...

24 On the views expressed in _Steadman_ , the acts relied on to establish part
performance no longer need to point unequivocally towards the existence of a
particular oral contract. The doctrine of part performance is satisfied if, on
an analysis of all the circumstances (but leaving aside evidence of the
purported oral contract), the court is satisfied that more probably than not
the acts relied upon were done in reliance on the oral contract.

25 The true position in Singapore has yet to be definitively decided. _The Law
of Contract in Singapore_ ([20] _supra_) at para 08.150 notes that the
standard is:

… shrouded in some difficulty because there are, in the literature, two
possible conceptions of referability. Moreover, at least as a matter of
Singapore law, there is yet to be any clear local authority setting out which
of the two conceptions is applicable in Singapore.

_Joseph Mathew (CA)_ ([15] _supra_) merely states that part performance is
part of the legal landscape in Singapore but does not spell out the exact
standard required as the issue did not arise in that case. The High Court case
of _Midlink Development Pte Ltd v The Stansfield Group Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4
SLR(R) 258 does not assist as the distinction was not raised before the court.

26 Nevertheless, on one interpretation of _Joseph Mathew (CA)_ , Andrew Phang
JA might be construed to have adopted the standard espoused in _Maddison_
([21] _supra_) at [64]:

Although it used to be the case that the payment of money could never amount
to part performance, this is no longer the case. However, the converse does
not necessarily follow inasmuch as the payment of money _per se_ will not
_automatically_ result in a finding of part performance **as such payment
might be equivocal in nature**. Much will depend on the surrounding
circumstances. … [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold
italics]

27 The Straits Settlements Court of Appeal case of _Khoo Keat Lock v Haji
Yusop_ [1929] SSLR 210 (“ _Khoo Keat Lock_ ”) is also of limited assistance.
Three judgments were delivered; Shaw CJ merely held that there was part
performance of the two verbal agreements in question but did not touch on the
standard required, while Reay J did not comment on the doctrine of part
performance at all. Brown J cited Lord O’Hagan’s judgment in _Maddison_ (the
identical passage is cited above at [21]), and held that the act relied upon
must be unequivocal. _Khoo Keat Lock_ is not determinative of the current
position in Singapore for two reasons. First, the court did not unanimously
adopt the standard in _Maddison_. Second, and more importantly, the case
predates _Steadman_ , and was decided at a time when the principles concerning
part performance were _relatively settled._ As such, Brown J could quote
verbatim from Lord O’Hagan’s judgment without exploring the normative
justification for the requirement of unequivocality.

28 The current position in England is clear. The doctrine of part performance
has been legislatively abolished. Following the recommendations of the UK Law
Commission Report ([13] _supra_), Parliament repealed s 40 of the Law of
Property Act 1925 (Chapter 20, 15 and 16 Geo 5). In its stead, s 2 of the Law
of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1989 (Chapter 34) was introduced.
It is apposite to set out both sections _in extenso_. Section 40 of the Law of
Property Act 1925 read:

_Contracts for sale, &c. of land to be in writing_.

40.?(1) No action may be brought upon any contract for the sale or other
disposition of land or any interest in land, unless the agreement upon which
such action is brought, or some memorandum or note thereof, is in writing, and
signed by the party to be charged or by some other person thereunto by him
lawfully authorised.

(2) This section applies to contracts whether made before or after the
commencement of this Act and does not affect the law relating to part
performance, or sales by the court.

In contrast, s 2 of the Law of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1989
provides:

_Contracts for sale etc. of land to be made by signed writing_.

2.?(1) A contract for the sale or other disposition of an interest in land can
only be made in writing and only by incorporating all the terms which the
parties have expressly agreed in one document or, where contracts are
exchanged, in each.

(2) The terms may be incorporated in a document either by being set out in it
or by reference to some other document.

(3) The document incorporating the terms or, where contracts are exchanged,
one of the documents incorporating them (but not necessarily the same one)
must be signed by or on behalf of each party to the contract.

…

29 Any agreement not complying with the formal requirements of s 2 of the Law
of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1989 is void (see, _eg_ , _Yaxley v
Gotts and Another_ [2000] Ch 162 at 175B), and not merely unenforceable. _A
priori_ , if oral agreements pertaining to land are void, there is no contract
for either party to partially perform, see also the UK Law Commission Report
at para 4.13 ([13] _supra_). The English Court of Appeal in _Yaxley v Gotts_
confirmed at 172F that the doctrine of part performance did not survive the
introduction of s 2 of the Law of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act
1989.

30 Section 2 of the Law of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1989 was
enacted following the UK Law Commission Report which had recommended reform
because of perceived defects in the law as it stood after the decision of
_Steadman_. Chief amongst these are:

(a) The virtual impossibility of discovering with acceptable certainty, prior
to proceedings, whether a contract will be found to be enforceable under
statutory requirements (at para 1.8); and

(b) _Steadman_ leaving the doctrine of part performance in an uncertain state.
Taking the case at its highest, it appears that an oral contract for sale can
be readily and unilaterally be made enforceable (for instance, in _Steadman_
by instructing solicitors to prepare and submit a draft conveyance), in effect
rendering s 40 of the Law of Property Act 1925 a dead letter (at para 1.9; and
para 3.23 of Appendix D).

31 I note that _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ ([20] _supra_), after an
extensive analysis of English case law, states at para 08.164 that:

Based on the above, the general view is that as a matter of English law [the
learned contributors cite _Steadman v Steadman_ in the footnotes at this
point], there is a bare majority in favour of the more “relaxed” view as to
the question of referability. However, in Singapore, nothing was said in the
recent Court of Appeal decision of _Joseph Mathew v Singh Chiranjeev_ to
supplement the holding of the Court of Appeal of the Straits Settlements in
_Khoo [Keat] Lock v Haji Yusop_. The best one can do, then, is to assume that
it may well be that a similar approach to that taken in _Steadman v Steadman_
will be adopted by the Court of Appeal when the opportunity presents itself.
[footnotes omitted)

While it is open to the Singapore court to follow _Steadman_ , the learned
contributors did not take cognisance of the fact that _Steadman_ no longer
represents the position in English law. Indeed, _Steadman_ was the very
impetus for, and was trenchantly criticised in, the UK Law Commission Report
([13] _supra_). To reiterate, the UK Law Commission Report eventually led to
the passage of the Law of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1989 which
abolished the doctrine of part performance.

32 In my view, the recommendations of the UK Law Commission are highly
persuasive. A wide interpretation of the doctrine of part performance would
defeat the _raison d’être_ of s 6(_d_) by undermining certainty and increasing
the potential for litigious disputes. Parties to a land transaction would find
it difficult to know exactly when a binding contract has been concluded, and
could find themselves unwittingly bound by the unilateral acts of their
counterparties. An overly liberal interpretation of _Steadman_ would be akin
to judicial abolition of s 6(_d_). Lord Morris of Borth-Y-Gest, in his
dissenting speech in _Steadman_ alluded to much the same thing at 547E:
“Courts of equity did not set out to make the terms of an Act of Parliament
virtually nugatory.”

33 In my view, the approach in _Maddison_ ([21] _supra_) is to be preferred to
that in _Steadman_. To reiterate, the acts relied upon as evidence of part
performance of a purported oral contract must unequivocally and of themselves
point to the contract as alleged.

34 The acts relied upon by the plaintiff do not unequivocally and in their own
nature refer to the purported oral agreements:

(a) The plaintiff states that it had offered another unit to the defendant
initially, and that it was the deceased and the defendant who had requested
for the Shop Unit. This does not show that the parties had agreed that the
plaintiff was to have an indefinite right of reassignment.

(b) The plaintiff also states that PW1 had informed the other parties at the
May 2011 Meeting that the plaintiff would require the Shop Unit to be
returned, but did not insist on this after the defendant’s request for the
defendant’s son to operate the wholesale business. However, the doctrine of
part performance requires evidence of _acts_ which manifestly speak for
themselves. Contested evidence of what allegedly transpired at a meeting is
manifestly inadequate to cross the hurdle of unequivocality.

(c) The plaintiff further states that the defendant was able to, and did
continue using, the Shop Unit on the basis of the 2011 Agreement. However,
this argument is wholly untenable as the doctrine of part performance requires
the court to disregard the alleged oral agreement.

35 For the sake of completeness, I would like to add that even if the more
permissive test in _Steadman_ were to apply the plaintiff would still not
succeed in showing part performance. To reiterate, even under the _Steadman_
approach, the court must leave aside evidence about the oral contract (see
[22] above). The common thread throughout the plaintiff’s submissions
regarding this issue is that of forbearance – in short, the plaintiff avers
that it had the right to request for reassignment of the Shop Unit but did not
do so and had made certain concessions to the defendant. Forbearance is not a
positive act but a mere passive stance of refraining from doing something.
Looking at all the circumstances of the case, it cannot be said that the
passive stance of refraining was, on a balance of probability, in reliance on
a contract. Indeed, the plaintiff’s acts can only be properly termed as
“forbearance” if the contract is presupposed; otherwise, the plaintiff would
simply not be doing anything.

36 The requirements for invocation of the doctrine of part performance having
not been met, s 6(_d_) therefore applies and the purported oral agreements for
the reassignment of the Shop Unit are unenforceable.

Were there oral agreement(s) for the Shop Unit to be reassigned to the
plaintiff?

37 I preface my findings with an observation by Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead in
_In re H and others (Minors) (Sexual abuse: standard of proof)_ [1996] AC 563
at 586G with regard to the standard of proof:

… the inherent probability or improbability of an event is itself a matter to
be taken into account when weighing the probabilities and deciding whether, on
balance, the event occurred. The more improbable the event, the stronger must
be the evidence that it did occur before, on the balance of probability, its
occurrence will be established. ...

38 The plaintiff essentially avers that it had a right, for an indefinite
period, to require the tenancy of the Shop Unit to be reassigned to it upon
demand or upon the fulfilment of certain conditions. This right stems from one
or both of the oral agreements allegedly concluded in 2006 and 2011.

39 I pause to observe that the plaintiff’s evidence in support of the
purported oral agreements left many questions unanswered. While I accept the
common aphorism that one should not look a gift horse in the mouth, it seems
strange that TSVT would have been willing to conduct its wholesale business on
the basis that the plaintiff could call for its lease of the Shop Unit to be
reassigned to the plaintiff at any time. The ostensible gift had also
benefited the plaintiff: the plaintiff would have had to pay for the cost of
reinstatement if the Shop Unit was surrendered to the HDB instead. The
assignment of the tenancy of the Shop Unit was in reality a mutually
beneficial transaction, and it would be surprising for the defendant to have
agreed to such a one-sided condition.

40 PW1 had also initially stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief at para
15.2 that were the plaintiff to be reassigned the Shop Unit, it would “pay
over the profits to the deceased [or the deceased’s wife], and to the
Defendant”. PW1 later changed his evidence on the stand to state that the
plaintiff would not hand over all the profits, but that only two-thirds of the
profits would be paid to the deceased’s wife and the defendant. Most
pertinently, when I asked PW1 for the duration of the profit-sharing
arrangement, he replied that they did not touch on this issue.

41 I also note that the plaintiff’s initial Statement of Claim did not state
that the plaintiff had a right to be reassigned the tenancy of the Shop Unit
on demand. This was only added to the Statement of Claim by way of an
amendment on the last day of trial, after PW1 had testified at trial that the
plaintiff had such a contractual right. It is surprising, to say the least,
that a central plank of the plaintiff’s case was not pleaded at all till then.

42 On the other hand, I should also mention certain discrepancies in the
defendant’s evidence. The defendant had consistently maintained that Choi and
Wong were mere employees, and that their employment had started in November
2011. Yet, the plaintiff had sent his letter of demand on 13 October 2011
objecting to their participation in the defendant’s business. This raised the
question as to how the plaintiff knew of Choi and Wong’s involvement
(howsoever characterised) in the business prior to the purported commencement
of their employment in November 2011. The defendant could not adequately
explain this, and essentially made two points in cross-examination. First,
that the plaintiff had drafted the letter and it was up to the plaintiff how
it wanted to word it. Second, that the plaintiff was probably “going around to
find out if I was going to engage his employee” and that Choi and Wong were
already “walking round in the area” at the material time.[note: 1] The
defendant then said “I told them that if they were finding it difficult to run
the business, they could come over to help me with mine”,[note: 2]
inconsistently implying that Choi and Wong had actually started to work for
the defendant at an earlier date.

43 More significantly, the fact that the defendant was at pains to emphasise
that Choi and Wong were mere employees seems to lend credence to the
plaintiff’s evidence that he had stipulated that only the defendant’s son
could join the defendant in the latter’s business at the Shop Unit. The
defendant’s counter that the plaintiff’s objections to Choi and Wong’s
involvement in the defendant’s business arose from the PW1’s ill-will towards
Choi and Wong (who were the plaintiff’s former employees) is not an altogether
satisfactory rebuttal.

44 Nevertheless, this is insufficient to lead me to the conclusion that the
Agreements exist on the specific terms alleged by the plaintiff. The evidence
falls far short of establishing the _specific terms of the allegedly legally
binding_ 2011 Agreement. Especially critical is PW1’s concession on the stand
that he had not given thought to the duration of the profit-sharing
arrangement with the deceased’s wife.

45 I thus hold that the plaintiff has not discharged its burden of proving, on
a balance of probability, that the parties did enter into the Agreements.

Conclusion

46 In the result, the plaintiff’s claim is dismissed for two reasons. First,
the purported oral Agreements are unenforceable by reason of s 6(_d_). The
doctrine of part performance does not apply to the facts of the case because
the acts relied upon by the plaintiff do not unequivocally and in their own
nature refer to the purported oral Agreements. Second, and in any event, the
plaintiff has not proven on a balance of probability that the Agreements
exist.

47 I will hear the parties on costs. In particular, I invite submissions on
the question whether costs to the defendant should be reduced on the basis
that the defendant should have applied under O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) for a summary determination whether s 6(_d_)
applies to the purported oral contracts or, alternatively, for the plaintiff’s
claim to be struck out pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court.

* * *

[note: 1]Transcript dated 24 Apr 2013, lines 21-28.

[note: 2]Transcript dated 24 Apr 2013, lines 4-8.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

