Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Intrading Ltd _v_ Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd  
[2013] SGHC 219

Case Number| :| Suit No 573 of 2011/R  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  John Wang and Chong Li Lian (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP)
for the plaintiff; Chou Sean Yu, Edwin Cheng and Lim Shiqi (WongPartnership
LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Intrading Ltd — Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd  
  
24 October 2013|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Intrading Ltd, commenced Suit No 573 of 2011/R (“S 573/2011”)
against the defendant bank, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd,
claiming damages for alleged breaches of a loan facility extended to the
plaintiff by the defendant. S 573/2011 was bifurcated. The proceedings before
me concerned the issue of liability only. After considering the evidence and
submissions, I dismissed the plaintiff’s claim with costs. The plaintiff has
filed an appeal against my decision. I set out my reasons below.

The Background to the Dispute

Dramatis Personae

2 In these proceedings the plaintiff’s sole witness was Jayes Baskar Damodar
(“Jayes”). Jayes was a manager of the plaintiff. The loan facility granted to
the plaintiff was essentially operated by Jayes at all material times.

3 The following four witnesses testified on behalf of the defendant:

(a) Malcolm George Crispe (“Crispe”). At the material time, Crispe was an
Associate Director of the defendant and managed the defendant’s banking
relationship with the plaintiff.

(b) Lilijana Sarangdhar (“Lily”). At the material time, Lily was a Lending
Support Officer who assisted Crispe in managing the defendant’s banking
relationship with the plaintiff.

(c) Loh Jing Ying (“Loh”). At the material time, Loh was a Client Service
Executive who assisted Crispe in managing the defendant’s banking relationship
with the plaintiff.

(d) Michael Neil Byers (“Byers”). At the material time, Byers was the Head of
the Risk and Compliance department of the defendant.

The loan facility

4 By way of a facility letter dated 28 May 2008 (“the Facility Letter”),[note:
1] the defendant offered the plaintiff a Multi-Currency Residential Property
Loan Facility (“the Facility”). The amount of the Facility was AUD2,032,500.
Its purpose was to finance the purchase of five residential properties (“the
Properties”) in Perth, Western Australia.

5 The Facility Letter was accepted in writing by the plaintiff on 30 May 2008.
The loan amount was drawn down in Australian dollars on 16 July 2008.

6 Three features of the Facility bear specific mention in these proceedings.
First, under cl 12 of the Facility Letter, security for the loan was grante _d
inter alia_ in the form of a mortgage over the Properties. As the plaintiff
was a new customer of the defendant, it was also required to place a term
deposit of AUD500,000 (“the First Deposit”) with the defendant, over which a
charge was extended in favour of the defendant.

7 Second, under cl 5 of the Facility Letter, the plaintiff was given the
option of converting the loan amount into one of five approved currencies,
namely, Australian Dollars (“AUD”), United States Dollars (“USD”), Singapore
Dollars (“SGD”), Euros (“EUR”) or Japanese Yen (“JPY”) (hereinafter referred
to as “the Currency Switch Option”). In this regard, the loan amount was
converted into foreign currencies from time to time as follows:

(a) On 30 July 2008, AUD1,032,500 of the loan amount was converted, at the
rate of 0.94968, to USD980,554.60.

(b) On 30 July 2008, AUD1,000,000 of the loan amount was converted, at the
rate of 102.176, to JPY102,176,00.

(c) On 30 September 2008, USD980,554.60 of the loan amount was converted, at
the rate of 104.4160, to JPY102,384,545.

(d) On 5 November 2008, JPY100,000,000 of the loan amount was converted, at
the rate of 68.864, to AUD1,452,137.55.

(e) On 16 December 2008, JPY104,560,545 of the loan amount was converted, at
the rate of 60.271 to AUD1,734,840.06.

8 Third, under cl 4 of the Facility Letter, the initial “loan to security
ratio” (“the LVR”) of the Facility was set at 75%. The LVR was calculated by
dividing the value of the loan outstanding by the value of the security (in
this case being the purchase price or value of the Properties).[note: 2] It
was common ground between the parties that the First Deposit was not part of
the security component for the purposes of calculating the LVR.[note: 3]

9 The LVR was susceptible to change over time.[note: 4] This could have been
caused by fluctuations in the value of the Properties or by movements in
foreign exchange rates where the loan amount was converted to a currency other
than the currency in which the loan amount was drawn down.

10 In the event that the LVR exceeded 75%, various clauses of the Facility
Letter would come into effect. The first was cl 14, under which the defendant
could require the plaintiff to reduce the LVR by reducing the loan amount
outstanding or by furnishing additional security to the defendant.

11 If the loan amount was converted to a currency other than the currency in
which the loan amount was drawn down (_ie_ , AUD), cl 16 of the Facility
Letter also applied. Like cl 14, cl 16 allowed the defendant to require the
plaintiff to reduce the LVR to 75% by reducing the loan amount outstanding or
by providing additional security. Clause 16 however gave the defendant the
right to convert the loan amount back into any currency of its choice in one
of two situations so as to eliminate its exposure to foreign currency risks.
The first was where the bank had made a demand for additional deposits or
security to reduce the LVR to 75% and had failed to receive the same within
three days of the demand. The second was where the LVR exceeded 85%.

The Parties’ Cases

12 In these proceedings, the plaintiff grounded its claim against the
defendant on two broad bases. For ease of reference, I shall refer to them as
the “LVR issue” and the “currency conversion issue” respectively.

The LVR issue

The plaintiff’s case

The alleged terms of the Facility Letter

13 The plaintiff said that it was an express or an implied term of the
Facility Letter that if the loan amount (or part thereof) was converted to a
currency other than AUD, and if at any time the LVR exceeded 75%, the
defendant was under a duty to inform the plaintiff of this fact on the day the
LVR exceeded 75% or shortly thereafter.[note: 5]

14 The plaintiff’s third allegation was that both the plaintiff and the
defendant had acted on an assumed state of facts that in the event that the
loan amount was converted to a currency other than AUD, and if at any time the
LVR exceeded 75%, the defendant was under a duty to inform the plaintiff of
this fact on the day the LVR exceeded 75% or shortly thereafter.[note: 6]

15 In this regard, the plaintiff said that sometime between 1 and 21 August
2008, the defendant’s Crispe and/or Loh informed Jayes during a telephone
conversation(s) that the LVR had exceeded 75%. In the said conversation(s),
the defendant requested that the plaintiff provide a pledged cash deposit to
reduce the LVR to 75%. A deposit of AUD50,000 was made on 22 August 2008 for
this purpose (“the Second Deposit”). In the circumstances, the plaintiff said
that the defendant was estopped by convention from denying the duty.

The defendant’s alleged breaches

16 After the loan was drawn down in AUD, it was converted by the plaintiff to
a currency or currencies other than AUD. The plaintiff says that the defendant
should have informed it on or around 22 August 2008 that the LVR had exceeded
75%.[note: 7] By failing to do so, the defendant had breached its duty
(however the duty was imposed). Rather, it was only on 15 September 2008, by
way of an email sent by Loh to Jayes, that the defendant informed the
plaintiff that the LVR had reached 86.95%.[note: 8] The plaintiff was provided
with two options to reduce the LVR. The first was to provide additional
security of an amount not less than AUD444,457.36. The second was to reduce
the outstanding loan amount by AUD333,343.02. Accordingly, on 22 September
2008, the plaintiff deposited a further sum of AUD500,000 with the defendant
(“the Third Deposit”).[note: 9]

17 The plaintiff also said that the defendant should have again informed the
plaintiff on or around 8 October 2008 that the LVR had exceeded 75%.[note: 10]
In failing to do so on that day or shortly thereafter, the defendant had
breached its duty. Rather, it was only on 16 December 2008, by way of an email
sent by Crispe to Jayes, that the defendant informed the plaintiff that the
LVR had exceeded 75%.[note: 11]

18 Furthermore, the plaintiff said that the defendant’s failure to inform it
that the LVR had exceeded 75% was due in whole or in part to the defendant
having erroneously taken into account the First Deposit in calculating the LVR
from time to time.[note: 12]

19 It is also the plaintiff’s case that had the defendant informed it on or
about 22 August 2008 or on or about 8 October 2008 that the LVR had exceeded
75%, it would have closed out its position, which was at that time in a
currency other than AUD, and converted the loan amount back to AUD.[note: 13]

The defendant’s case

20 The defendant did not dispute that on most days between 22 August 2008 and
16 December 2008, the LVR had exceeded 75%.[note: 14] However, the defendant
denied that it was a term of the Facility, whether expressed or implied, that
it was under a duty to inform the plaintiff, if the LVR exceeded 75%, on the
day the LVR exceeded 75% or shortly thereafter.[note: 15]

21 The defendant also denied having acted on the assumption that if at any
time the LVR exceeded 75%, the defendant was under a duty to inform the
plaintiff of this fact on the day the LVR exceeded 75% or shortly
thereafter.[note: 16] In particular, the defendant denied informing the
plaintiff in early August 2008 that the LVR had exceeded 75%. Nor had it
requested that the plaintiff provide a cash deposit of AUD50,000 (see [15]
above) to be pledged to reduce the LVR. Rather, the Second Deposit was made
for the purpose of meeting present and future interest payments under the
Facility.

22 In any event, the defendant said that it did inform the plaintiff that the
LVR had exceeded 75% on the following occasions:[note: 17]

(a) by way of a written notice dated 1 September 2008 (which the plaintiff
disputes receiving);[note: 18]

(b) by way of an email dated 15 September 2008, sent by Loh to Jayes;[note:
19]

(c) by way of an email dated 20 October 2008, sent by Crispe to Jayes (which
the plaintiff disputes receiving);[note: 20]

(d) by way of an email dated 11 November 2008, sent by Crispe to Jayes (which
the plaintiff disputes receiving);[note: 21]

(e) by way of a written notice dated 15 December 2008 (which the plaintiff
disputes receiving);[note: 22] and

(f) by way of an email dated 16 December 2008, sent by Crispe to Jayes.[note:
23]

23 The defendant did not dispute that on 23 October 2008, the sum of
AUD540,000, being the total of the First Deposit and the Second Deposit (less
AUD10,000 to meet current interest payments), was erroneously used by the
defendant as partial security for the loan to reduce the LVR.[note: 24] As a
result, the LVR was reduced to approximately 80% on 24 October 2008, down from
approximately 90% had this step not been done. However, the defendant said
that the plaintiff had no basis to complain as this reduced the LVR to below a
close-out level. According to the defendant, the plaintiff would have suffered
no prejudice as the defendant did not exercise its rights under the Facility
to convert the loan amount back to AUD.

24 Finally, even if the defendant had breached its duty, the defendant said
that causation was not made out in this case.[note: 25] In this regard, the
defendant said that the plaintiff would not have converted the loan amount
back to AUD even if it had been informed by the defendant that the LVR had
exceeded 75%.

25 I should add that in its opening statement and affidavits of evidence in
chief filed in these proceedings, the defendant raised the issue of whether
the plaintiff had taken reasonable steps to mitigate its loss. As the
proceedings before me concerned the question of liability only and not
quantum, I directed that no evidence on mitigation be given at this trial.

The currency conversion issue

The plaintiff’s case

The alleged terms of the Facility Letter

26 The plaintiff said that it was an express or an implied term of the
Facility Letter that the defendant was under a duty to act on the plaintiff’s
instructions in respect of currency conversions under the Facility.[note: 26]

The defendant’s alleged breaches

27 The plaintiff alleged that on 5 November 2008, during a telephone
conversation between Jayes and Lily, the defendant informed the plaintiff that
orders for currency conversions could be executed up to 6pm (Singapore time)
on a business day.[note: 27]

28 On 10 November 2008, the plaintiff left a signed fax instruction with the
defendant to convert the loan amount then denominated in JPY to AUD at the
spot level of 68.50.[note: 28] The defendant acknowledged receipt of and
accepted the instruction. The plaintiff further alleged that during a
telephone conversation on the same day, Crispe informed Jayes that the
defendant would execute the plaintiff’s instruction to effect the currency
conversion when the plaintiff’s desired rate was reached.[note: 29]
Accordingly, the plaintiff said that the defendant was under a duty to execute
the plaintiff’s instruction if and when the rate of 68.50 was reached.

29 The plaintiff alleged that the rate of 68.50 was reached on 10 November
2008 at or about 5.30pm. As it transpired, the defendant failed to execute the
currency conversion. In failing to do so, the defendant had breached the
express or implied term of the Facility Letter that the plaintiff was relying
on.[note: 30] The loan amount in JPY was eventually converted to AUD on 16
December 2008 at the lower rate of 60.271.[note: 31]

The defendant’s case

30 The defendant denied that on 10 November 2008, it was under a duty to
execute a currency conversion at the plaintiff’s desired rate.[note: 32] The
defendant’s position in this regard was threefold.

31 First, the defendant said that currency conversions under the Facility were
subject to the parameters and requirements which were communicated by the
defendant to the plaintiff between 14 July 2008 and 10 November 2008. These
parameters and requirements did not oblige the defendant to execute the
currency conversion at the plaintiff’s desired rate even if that rate was
reached in the currency markets.

32 Second, the defendant pleaded that the defendant was not in a position to
monitor, and therefore did not monitor, whether the plaintiff’s desired rate
was reached on 10 November 2008. I add however, that at trial the defendant
appeared to accept that it did agree to monitor the rate on a best endeavours
basis on 10 November 2008.

33 Third, the defendant relied on the terms of its General Indemnity (Value
Message by Telephone, Telex and/or Facsimile, Payment Instructions by
Fascimile and Other Communication by Fascimile) to contend that it was not
under a duty to act on the plaintiff’s signed fax instruction on 10 November
2008.

Issues before this court

34 The following issues were before me:

(a) whether it was an express or an implied term of the Facility Letter that
if the loan amount (or part thereof) was converted to a currency other than
AUD, and if at any time the LVR exceeded 75%, the defendant was under a duty
to inform the plaintiff of this fact on the day the LVR exceeded 75% or
shortly thereafter. Alternatively, whether the defendant was estopped from
denying that it was under a duty to so inform the plaintiff;

(b) if so, whether the defendant breached the duty;

(c) whether it was an express or an implied term of the Facility Letter that
the defendant was under a duty to act on the plaintiff’s instructions in
respect of currency conversions under the Facility and, if so, whether the
defendant had breached this term; and

(d) whether the defendant’s breaches of duty had caused the plaintiff’s loss.

Was the defendant under a duty to inform the plaintiff if the LVR had exceeded
75%?

Was it an express term of the Facility Letter?

35 As mentioned above, the plaintiff’s first contention was that it was an
express term of the Facility Letter that if the loan amount (or part thereof)
was denominated in a currency other than AUD, and if at any time the LVR
exceeded 75%, the defendant was under a duty to inform the plaintiff of this
fact on the day the LVR exceeded 75% or shortly thereafter.[note: 33]

36 In this regard, the plaintiff relied on cl 16 of the Facility Letter which
provides:

16 CLAWBACK CONDITION

Subject to the provisions in clause 14, in the event the outstanding loan
amount is denominated in a different currency to the currency of the Security,
the following clawback conditions will apply.

(a) For the purposes of this clause, the loan to security ratio is the ratio
of the outstanding amount(s) and/or contingent liabilities of the Facility
after the notional conversion(s)* (at the prevailing rate(s) as determined
solely by the Bank which may include the Bank’s own prevailing rate(s) into
the currency that the Property is denominated in, expressed as a proportion of
the value of the assets held and charged as Property by the bank.

...

(b) If at any time ... the loan to security ratio should exceed 75%, then the
Bank may demand that the Borrower deposit an amount in a currency acceptable
to the Bank equal to the access over a 75% loan to security ratio in a deposit
account with the Bank in the name of the Borrower but charged to the Bank
and/or provide to the Bank such additional securities, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Bank and in such value as the Bank may require, at the
option of the Bank.

(c) If such deposits and/or securities as provided for in the CLAWBACK
condition- Clause 16(b) above are not received within 3 days of such demand,
or should the loan to security ratio exceeds 85% at any time, then the Bank
may at its absolute discretion immediately convert the relevant amount in
CLAWBACK condition- Clause 16(a) into any currency (at the Bank’s then
prevailing rate of exchange) that the Bank deems fit to fully eliminate its
foreign exchange risks. All costs associated with such conversion will be for
the Borrower’s account. The Bank shall also not be held responsible in any way
if it chooses not to convert at any level but instead continues to demand for
additional securities or if it chooses to convert when the loan to security
ratio is higher than 85%. Following any conversion, the loan to security ratio
will still have to be re-instated to 75%.[note: 34]

For completeness, I also set out cl 14 of the Facility Letter which provides:

14 GENERAL CONDITIONS

The bank reserves the right to require the borrower to reduce the amount owing
or contingently liable under the Facility in the event that the loan/security
ratio exceeds 75%. For the purpose of calculating this ratio in this sub-
clause, security is the total value of the Property held and pledged to the
Bank assessed in the Bank’s sole discretion. The Bank may in its absolute
discretion, in addition, require the Borrower to provide such further security
in such form and substance shall be satisfactory to the Bank.[note: 35]

37 In my view, a plain reading of cll 14 and 16 did not support the
plaintiff’s contentions. Therefore, it was unsurprising that in the course of
trial, counsel for the plaintiff intimated to me that the thrust of the
plaintiff’s case was based on an implied term instead.[note: 36] However,
counsel continued to advocate the existence of an express term in his closing
submissions. It was clear to me that there was no such express term.

Was it an implied term of the Facility Letter?

38 The plaintiff next relied on an implied term to the same effect as the
alleged express term.

The law on implied terms

39 Turning to the law on implied terms, there were traditionally two
situations in which a term would be implied in fact into a contract at common
law. The first was where the term was necessary to give business efficacy to
the contract. The “business efficacy” test, as it came to be known, was stated
by Bowen LJ in _The Moorcock_ (1889) 14 PD 64 at 68 in the following terms:

Now, an implied warrant, or, as it is called, a covenant in law, as
distinguished from a express contract or express warranty, really is in all
cases founded on the presumed intention of the parties, an upon reason. The
implication which the law draws from what must obviously have been the
intention of the parties, the law draws with the object of giving efficacy to
the transaction and preventing such a failure of consideration as cannot have
been within the contemplation of either side; and I believe if one were to
take all the cases, and there are many, of implied warranties or covenants in
law, it will be found that in all of them the law is raising an implication
from the presumed intention of the parties with the object of giving to the
transaction such efficacy as both parties must have intended that at all
events it should have. In business transactions such as this, what the law
desires to effect by the implication is to give such business efficacy to the
transaction as must have been intended at all events by both parties who are
business men; not to impose on one side all the perils of the transaction, or
to emancipate one side from all the chances of failure, but to make each party
promise in law as much, at all events, as it must have been in the
contemplation of both parties that he should be responsible for in respect of
those perils or chances.

40 The second was where the term to be implied represented the obvious but
unexpressed intention of the parties. This “officious bystander” test was
famously stated by MacKinnon LJ in _Shirlaw v Southern Foundaries (1926)
Limited_ [1939] 2 KB 206 at 227 as:

If I may quote from an essay which I wrote some years ago, I then said: “Prima
facie that which in any contract is left to be implied and need not be
expressed is something so obvious that it goes without saying; so that, if,
while the parties were making their bargain, an officious bystander were to
suggest some express provision for it in their agreement, they would testily
suppress him with a common ‘Oh, of course!”

At least, it is true, I think, that if a term were never implied by a Judge
unless it could pass that test, he could not be held to be wrong.

41 In _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1
SLR(R) 927 at [32] (“ _Forefront_ ”), Andrew Phang Boon Leong J held that both
the business efficacy and the officious bystander tests were firmly
established in the case law in Singapore. Interestingly, Phang J observed
(_Forefront_ at [36]) that both tests were complementary. The officious
bystander test was said to be the practical mode by which the business
efficacy test was implemented. In this regard, Phang J approved Scutton LJ’s
observation in _Reigate v Union Manufacturing Company (Ramsbottom), Limited
and Elton Copdyeing Company, Limited_ [1918] 1 KB 592 at 605 where his
Lordship held:

A term can only be implied if it is necessary in the business sense to give
efficacy to the contract; that is, if it is such a term that it can
confidently be said that if the time the contract was being negotiated someone
had said to the parties, “What will happen in such a case,” they would have
_both_ replied, “ _Of course, so and so will happen; we did not trouble to say
that; it is too clear_.” Unless the Court comes to some such conclusion as
that, it ought not to imply a term which the parties themselves have not
expressed.

[emphasis in original]

The relationship between the tests was further clarified by the Court of
Appeal in _Foo Jong Peng and others v Phua Kiah Mai and another_ [2012] 4 SLR
1267 (“ _Foo Jong Peng_ ”). There, the Court said (at [28]):

The relationship between the two test is complementary, _rather than
alternative or cumulative_ ; the officious bystander test is the _practical
mode_ by which the business efficacy test is implemented.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in underline]

42 _Forefront_ was cited with approval by the Court of Appeal in _Ng Giap Hon
v Westcombe Securities_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 (“ _Ng Giap Hon_ ”) at [36]-[37]
and _Foo Jong Peng_ at [27].

43 Further, it has been said that the term to be implied must be reasonable
and equitable: _Young & Marten v McManus Childs Ltd_ [1969] 1 AC 454 at 465. I
should however caution that mere reasonableness, or convenience for that
matter, is insufficient to justify a term being implied into a contract; it
must always be shown that the term is _necessary_ : _Chitty on Contracts_ Vol
1 (Hugh Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2012) (“ _Chitty_ ”) at para
[13-010]. Moreover, as Phang J noted in _Forefront_ (at [39]), the criterion
of necessity is equally applicable to both the business efficacy and officious
bystander tests.

44 In this regard, it is apposite to note the following observations of the
Court of Appeal in _Foo Jong Peng_ at [34]–[35]:

On a related (and no less important) note, the search under the rubric of
implied terms is a search for the presumed intention of the contracting
parties. In other words, _the court ought not to – and, indeed, cannot –
simply substitute its view to that intention_. Put simply, the intention may
be presumed but the court cannot be presumptuous. We accept that a sceptic
might well argue that such a search by the Court is a fiction. However, even
if we accept that argument, not all _legal_ fictions are necessarily
fictitious in the pejorative sense that the turn of phrase is utilised by a
layperson. Indeed, we would go further: We are of the view that there is no
legal fiction involved inasmuch as the court concerned does indeed sift
through the objective evidence before it in order to ascertain what the
presumed intention of the contracting parties is. In doing this, the court is
constantly cognisant of the cardinal (and guiding) principle that it will not
re-write the contract for the contracting parties. It is true that the very
nature of an _implied_ term necessitates some investigation of sorts on the
part of the court. _However, it bears reiterating that the court does not
substitute its own view of what the contracting parties should have intended
had the gap in the contract been brought to their attention at the time they
entered into the contract_.

Indeed, there are legal boundaries which the court will not transgress. One of
these is an obvious one: Where there already is an express term covering the
situation at hand, the court will not imply a term which contradicts a
particular express term...Another relates to a principle already emphasised
above, viz, the criterion of necessity. The very nature of this criterion
means that the court will imply terms in fact sparingly.

[emphasis in original]

45 Where loan facilities are concerned, the learned authors of _Ellinger’s
Modern Banking Law_ (Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 2011) say:

Under English Law, the loan facility’s terms are paramount. The courts will
construe those terms to give effect to the parties’ intention, _but only
rarely will the courts imply additional duties into loan contracts_ , such as
a duty to increase the facility or give adequate notice of its refusal to do
so.

[emphasis added]

46 In my view, the foregoing amounts to this. When implying a term into a
contract, the function of the court is not to make a contract for the parties.
In this regard, freedom of contract remains a central tenet of the law. The
presumption is against adding terms to a contract and a court will only imply
a term rarely: see _Forefront_ at [29]; see also _Ng Giap Hon_ at [74]. This
is especially so in commercial arrangements where the parties have reduced
their rights and obligations to a formal document However, the court will be
prepared to imply a term into a contract where it may be presumed, from the
express terms of the contract and the circumstances under which it was entered
into, that the parties _must_ have intended the term in question. (See
_Chitty_ at para [13-008]).

Application of the law to the facts

47 Based on the principles I have set out above, the plaintiff bore the burden
of proving that the alleged implied term was both necessary and reasonable.
The plaintiff contended that the implied term flowed from the express terms of
the Facility Letter, _viz_ , cll 4, 14 and 16.

48 Clauses 14 and 16 have been set out above at [36]. Clause 4 states:

4 LOAN TO SECURITY MAINTENANCE/UNDERTAKING

The initial amount of the Facility is subject to the maximum of 75% of the
valuation amount of the Property (“Property” is defined in Clause 12 –
“SECURITY” below) or the purchase price whichever is the lower (if the
property is a new purchase). The Facility amount is also subject to the Bank
receiving a satisfactory valuation of the Property and that the size of the
Property must be more than 50 square metres and the amount of the Facility may
be amended from time to time at the Bank’s sole discretion.

49 The plaintiff submitted that the rationale for implying such a term was to
enable the plaintiff to decide whether to – (a) provide additional security or
reduce the loan amount outstanding so as to maintain the LVR at 75%; or (b)
convert the loan amount taken in another currency back to AUD so as to close
out its position and eliminate its foreign exchange risk.

50 In my view, the plaintiff’s contention was untenable. Clause 4 did not
assist it. It was also clear from cll 14 and 16 of the Facility Letter that
any right accruing from the LVR exceeding 75% was to be exercised by the
defendant in its sole discretion. Clause 16 also made it clear that the
defendant was not to be held responsible if it chose not to convert at any
particular level. Fundamentally, cll 4, 14 and 16 of the Facility Letter
existed to protect the defendant against diminutions in the value of the
Properties or adverse movements in foreign exchange rates where the loan
amount was converted to a currency other than the currency it was denominated.
They were not for the benefit of the plaintiff.

51 In this regard, counsel for the defendant referred me to _Edwards Jason
Glenn v Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd_ [2012] SGHC 61.[note: 37]
In that case, Tay Yong Kwang J interpreted a provision in a loan facility
(also granted by the defendant in these proceedings) worded in identical terms
to cl 16 of the Facility Letter. Tay J accepted the bank’s contention that
“clause 16 [was] there _to eliminate ANZ’s foreign exchange risk_ resulting
primarily from a depreciation of the currency of the security against the
different currency or currencies of the outstanding loan” [emphasis added]. I
was of the same view.

52 At trial, the plaintiff purported to demonstrate that its own commercial
interests depended on the LVR.[note: 38] In particular, the plaintiff sought
to show that its interests would be adversely affected the later it was
informed that the LVR had exceeded 75%. This was so because the plaintiff
would have been required to provide more security to reduce the LVR to 75%
should the defendant subsequently choose to make a call.[note: 39] The
plaintiff further said that it was imperative that the defendant inform the
plaintiff in a timely manner if the LVR exceeded 75% so that the defendant
could make a timely decision on its exposure to foreign exchange risks.

53 I accepted that there was some co-relation between the LVR and the
plaintiff’s own commercial interest. Indeed, Crispe admitted this in cross-
examination. However, that was not all.

54 First, as Crispe explained in cross-examination,[note: 40] the plaintiff’s
decision as to whether to deposit additional security or to convert the loan
back to AUD also depended on what other exposures the defendant had. Each
customer of the defendant had its own way of managing their foreign exchange
risks.

55 Second, and more pertinently, it did not follow that it would be
_necessary_ to imply a term imposing a duty on the defendant to inform the
plaintiff if the LVR exceeded 75%. In this regard, the defendant contended
that Jayes was capable of monitoring, and was in fact monitoring the foreign
exchange rates to assess the plaintiff’s foreign exchange risks.[note: 41]
Furthermore, Crispe said during cross-examination that it would have been
remiss of the plaintiff not to be monitoring its own position.[note: 42]

56 Jayes’s evidence on this point was evasive. He initially claimed that he
did not track the foreign exchange rates.[note: 43] Eventually, he conceded
that he tracked the rates from time to time[note: 44] but insisted that he was
not monitoring the rates in the context of the LVR.[note: 45] In my judgment,
this is immaterial. The foreign exchange rates would already have indicated
whether it was likely that the LVR would be breached. If the plaintiff was
really interested to know whether the LVR was in fact breached and if it could
not make its own calculations to determine this, it could and would have
contacted the defendant to find out.

57 By Jayes’s own admission, the plaintiff never did so during the duration of
the Facility.[note: 46] This was so even after Jayes allegedly first came to
understand what the LVR meant sometime in August 2008. I add that I did not
accept Jayes’s allegation that he did not know what the LVR meant until then.
Jayes was a businessman. He was also the plaintiff’s manager. The plaintiff
did not suggest that Jayes was unaware of the terms in the Facility Letter.
Jayes would have come across the reference in the Facility Letter to the LVR.
If he did not understand it, he would have asked what it meant. He did not.

58 Counsel for the plaintiff also contended that given the factual matrix
under which the Facility was entered into, there was an irresistible inference
that the parties must have intended the implied term. The plaintiff’s
contention in this regard rested on two planks.[note: 47] First, the plaintiff
said that the defendant had the capacity and the resources to monitor the LVR.
Second, the plaintiff said that the defendant was in fact monitoring the LVR
on a daily basis from mid-September 2008 onwards.

59 It was not in dispute that the defendant had an internal computer system
called “Venus” to monitor the LVR. Moreover, with the collapse of Lehman
Brothers and the onset of the global financial crisis in mid-September 2008,
the defendant implemented an internal policy (“the LVR Policy”) with regard to
the monitoring of the LVR of its customers. The LVR Policy was effective from
24 September 2008.

60 Under the LVR Policy, the LVR of all the defendant’s customers were
monitored on a daily basis. Where the LVR was at a marginal level, _ie_ , 5%
below the contracted LVR, the relevant relationship manager of the defendant
was required to advise the customer of its current loan status and the
possibility of the defendant making a margin call. Where the LVR was at a call
level, _ie_ , 5% above the contracted LVR, the customer was to be notified and
given 14 days to either reduce the loan amount outstanding or provide
additional security. Where the LVR was at a close-out level, _ie_ , 10% above
the contracted LVR, the customer would be notified and given 7 days to either
reduce the loan amount outstanding or provide additional security, failing
which the loan amount would be converted back into AUD or other such
currencies as the case may be.

61 In my view, the plaintiff’s reliance on the LVR Policy was misplaced. In
this regard, it is trite law that implied terms are to be ascertained at the
time the contract is entered into. The LVR Policy which was implemented after
the Facility was entered into was irrelevant on this point. Furthermore, as
counsel for the defendant correctly pointed out,[note: 48] the LVR Policy was
an _internal policy_ of the defendant. The LVR Policy was intended to protect
the interests of the defendant. It did not give rise to a duty on the
defendant’s part _vis-a-vis_ the plaintiff to inform the plaintiff if the LVR
had exceeded 75%.

62 Furthermore, although the plaintiff repeatedly stressed that the defendant
had the capacity and the resources to monitor the LVR, that was not the
relevant point. The implied term would mean that the defendant was under a
duty to notify the plaintiff whenever the LVR exceeded 75%. This appeared
deceptively simply until one considered the practical dimensions of this
allegation.

63 For example, how was the implied term to be put into effect by the
defendant? If on day one, the LVR exceeded 75% and the defendant was under a
duty to notify the plaintiff, was the defendant also obliged to notify the
plaintiff if by day three the situation had been reversed and the LVR no
longer exceeded 75%? It would seem strange that, if the defendant was under a
duty to notify the plaintiff if the LVR had exceeded 75%, the defendant was
not obliged to notify the plaintiff if the situation had later remedied
itself. Then, if on day five, the LVR exceeded 75%, the defendant would again
have to inform the plaintiff accordingly. In a volatile market spanning
several weeks, the defendant would have to repeatedly inform the plaintiff
each time the LVR exceeded 75%. It was convenient for the plaintiff to ignore
difficulties which the defendant would face if there was such an implied term.

64 Moreover, the defendant’s alleged duty would extend to every of its
customers to whom a loan facility was granted on similar terms. While sending
out notifications to its customers might seem simple enough, having to deal
with customer queries thereafter at around the same time was another matter. I
did not think that imposing such a duty on the defendant was reasonable, let
alone necessary.

65 In the circumstances, I was of the view that there was no such implied term
of the Facility Letter.

Was the defendant estopped by convention?

66 The plaintiff’s third allegation with regard to the LVR issue was that both
the plaintiff and the defendant had acted on the assumption that in the event
the loan amount (or part thereof) was converted to a currency other than AUD,
and if at any time the LVR exceeded 75%, the defendant was under a duty to
inform the plaintiff of this fact on the day the LVR exceeded 75% or shortly
thereafter (“the Assumed State of Facts”).[note: 49] Therefore, the plaintiff
was saying that defendant was estopped by convention from denying the truth of
the Assumed State of Facts.

The law on estoppel by convention

67 The law on estoppel by convention was explained by the Court of Appeal in
_MAE Engineering Ltd v Fire-Stop Marketing Services Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R)
379 (“ _MAE Engineering”_) at [43]–[44] in the following terms:

The _locus classicus_ on the doctrine of estoppel by convention is Amalgamated
Investment & Property Co Ltd v Texas Commerce International Bank Ltd [1982] QB
84. There, the conduct of the parties was held to give rise to an estoppel by
convention which precluded them from relying on the true construction of the
written document, as opposed to what they had erroneously supposed it to mean.
Lord Denning MR said (at 122):

When the parties to a transaction proceed on the basis on an underlying
assumption – either of fact or law – whether due to mistake or
misrepresentation makes no difference – on which they have conducted the
dealings between them – neither of them will be allowed to go back on that
assumption when it would be unfair or unjust to allow him to do so.

Estoppel by convention is not found on any representation but on an agreed
statement of facts the truth of which has been assumed by the parties to be
the basis of the transaction (see also Spencer Bower’s _The Law Relating to
Estoppel by Representation_ (4th Ed, 2004) at para VIII.2.1.

It bears emphasis that estoppel by convention is not confined to cases where
the underlying assumption was shared by both parties. It can also arise where
the assumption was made by one party and acquiesced to by the other: _Travista
Development Pte Ltd v Tan Kim Swee Augustine and others_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 474
at [31].

68 For an estoppel based on convention to arise, the following requirements
must be satisfied: _Singapore Island Country Club v Hilborne_ [1996] 3 SLR(R)
418 (“ _Hilborne_ ”) at [27]:

(a) there must be a course of dealing between the two parties in a contractual
relationship;

(b) the course of dealing must be such that both parties must have proceeded
on the basis of an agreed interpretation of the contract; and

(c) it must be unjust to allow one party to go back on the agreed
interpretation.

Application of the law to the facts

69 The plaintiff relied on the following to establish that the parties had
acted on the Assumed State of Facts.[note: 50] The plaintiff said that the LVR
hovered between 78-80% between mid and end August 2008. It was against this
backdrop and sometime between 1 and 21 August 2008 that Crispe and/or Loh
informed Jayes during telephone conversations that the LVR had exceeded
75%.[note: 51] In the said conversations, the defendant also requested that
the plaintiff provide a pledged cash deposit of not less than AUD40,000 to
reduce the LVR to below 75%. The Second Deposit of AUD50,000 was made on 22
August 2008 for this purpose with AUD40,000 to reduce the LVR and the
remaining AUD10,000 to meet interest payments which had fallen due under the
Facility.[note: 52]

70 The defendant raised several defences to this allegation of the plaintiff.
First, the defendant denied having acted on the Assumed State of Facts.[note:
53] Both Crispe[note: 54] and Loh[note: 55] denied informing Jayes that the
LVR had exceeded 75% between 1 August 2008 and 21 August 2008. The defendant’s
position was that the Second Deposit was not made for the purpose of reducing
the LVR to below 75%. Rather, it was made to meet both current and future
interest payments under the Facility.

71 Secondly, the defendant said that even if did inform the plaintiff sometime
between 1 and 21 August 2008 that the LVR had exceeded 75%, this did not mean
that the defendant was under a duty to do so then or again.

72 On the evidence I would have decided that the defendant did not, on the
occasion(s) in question, notify the plaintiff that the LVR had exceeded 75%.
However, I need not elaborate on the evidence because even if the defendant
did so inform the plaintiff, that was still consistent with the defendant’s
position that it might, but was not obliged to, notify the plaintiff
accordingly.

73 I add that although emails and correspondence were exchanged between the
parties both before and after 10 November 2008, the plaintiff did not mention
therein that the defendant was under the duty in question or that the
plaintiff thought that the defendant was under such a duty. When this point
was brought to Jayes’ attention, he did not say that the omission to do so was
because the plaintiff was unaware that the defendant had breached its duty.
Instead he said that the duty was mentioned orally by the plaintiff.[note: 56]
I did not believe him as he was not a credible witness for reasons which I
will elaborate on later.

74 The first time that such a duty was alluded to in writing was in a letter
dated 16 November 2009 from the plaintiff’s previous solicitors Manjit Govind
& Partners to the defendant. Even then, the allegation was worded differently.
That letter alleged that under the Facility, the plaintiff was to be informed
when the exchange loss arising from a currency switch “approaches” 75% of the
LVR. Secondly, when the LVR exceeded 75%, the defendant was again under a duty
to inform the plaintiff accordingly. That was no longer the tune the plaintiff
was singing at the trial. The allegation at trial was simply that the
defendant was under a duty to inform the plaintiff if the LVR was exceeded.
Furthermore, there was no allegation in that letter that the parties had acted
on the Assumed State of Facts.

75 There must have been something more concrete to establish that the parties
had acted on the Assumed State of Facts. On this, the plaintiff failed.

76 The defendant also contended that the plaintiff was precluded from using
the doctrine of estoppel by convention as a sword.[note: 57] In particular,
the plaintiff could not use the doctrine to create a right to be informed that
the LVR had exceeded 75% where such a right did not otherwise exist. Given my
conclusion about the Assumed State of Facts, it was not necessary for me to
address this argument.

Conclusion on the LVR issue

77 In the circumstances, I found that the defendant was not under a duty
(whether express, implied or arising by estoppel) to inform the plaintiff if
the LVR exceeded 75%. Accordingly, the plaintiff’s claim on the LVR issue
failed.

Was the defendant under a duty to act on the plaintiff’s instructions in
respect of currency conversions under the Facility?

78 The plaintiff also contended that it was an express or an implied term of
the Facility Letter that the defendant was under a duty to act on the
plaintiff’s instructions in respect of currency conversions under the
Facility.[note: 58] By failing to act on the plaintiff’s faxed instruction on
10 November 2008, the plaintiff said that the defendant had breached its duty.

79 In this regard, the plaintiff’s case on the currency conversion issue was
framed in very wide terms and unclear. The defendant submitted that based on
the plaintiff’s pleaded case, the issue before me was whether the defendant
was under a duty to effect a currency conversion at the plaintiff’s desired
spot rate on 10 November 2008, if the rate was reached in the currency
markets.[note: 59] I agreed.

Was it an express term of the Facility Letter?

80 The plaintiff contended that it was an express term of the Facility Letter
that the defendant was to act on the plaintiff’s instructions in respect of
currency conversions under the Currency Switch Option.[note: 60] In this
regard, the plaintiff relied on cl 5 of the Facility Letter which provides:

5 CURRENCY SWITCH OPTION

Subject to the Bank’s availability of funding as determined at its absolute
discretion, the above Facility may be converted into any one of the following
currencies viz AUD, USD, SGD, EUR and JPY on interest payment dates provided
that advance written notice is given to the Bank at least 7 business days
prior to the required value date of the foreign exchange transaction. The spot
foreign exchange rate will have to be booked with the Bank to enable the
conversion to be effected on the agreed value date which should coincide with
the interest payment date.

If a conversion is to be carried out on a non interest payment date, the
Borrower shall be liable for any additional costs, expenses and/or liabilities
sustained or incurred by the Bank as a result of having to break the funding
deposit required for the loan. All procedures as described above in this
clause shall also apply. The necessary notice period as described above for
conversion of the loan shall also apply. The Bank reserves the right to review
frequency of currency conversions if, in the opinion of the Bank, the borrower
is switching currency for speculative purposes.[note: 61]

81 Although cl 5 of the Facility Letter gave the plaintiff the option of
converting the loan into different currencies, it did not expressly state how
such currency conversions were to be effected. In particular, cl 5 did not
provide for the placing of orders for foreign currency at whatever rate the
plaintiff desired. To the contrary, the reference in cl 5 to the spot foreign
exchange rate having to be “booked” with the Bank suggested that both the
plaintiff and the defendant had to agree on the rate pertaining to currency
conversions under the Facility. Therefore, it was not enough for the plaintiff
to inform the defendant of a desired spot rate for a currency conversion and
then wait to see if that rate was reached on the day in question. Furthermore,
cl 5 required a notice period of at least seven business days.

Was it an implied term of the Facility Letter?

82 I reiterate the observations made above about an implied term. Was it both
necessary and reasonable to imply a term that the defendant was under a duty
to effect a currency conversion at the plaintiff’s desired spot rate, if the
rate was reached in the currency markets?

83 While it would be advantageous to the plaintiff to have such a term, that
was not the test. There was no evidence that a currency conversion would only
work if such a term was implied. Indeed, the evidence was the other way
around. There was evidence that shortly before 10 November 2008, currency
conversions were done only after the rate was confirmed between both the
plaintiff and defendant. There was also evidence that as at 10 November 2008,
the defendant was not able to key in a desired rate which would be
automatically triggered once that rate was reached and the plaintiff knew
this.

84 Accordingly, I was of the view that it was neither necessary or reasonable
to imply the term which the plaintiff contended for and I concluded that there
was no such implied term.

85 For completeness, I will elaborate on the evidence about past currency
conversions and what the plaintiff was told and on events which occurred on 10
November 2008, as much was made by the plaintiff about the events that day.

Previous conversions under the Facility

86 The plaintiff relied on two previous currency conversions, both of which
were executed on 30 July 2008, to try to establish that prior to 10 November
2008, the defendant had always acted on the plaintiff’s instructions in
respect of currency conversions under the Facility and executed a currency
conversion at the plaintiff’s desired rate.[note: 62]

87 In this regard, by way of an email dated 25 July 2008, Jayes had purported
to leave an order with Crispe to convert the loan amount then taken in AUD to
USD and JPY at the rates of 0.9500 and 102.00 respectively.[note: 63] On 30
July 2008, Crispe informed Jayes that the plaintiff’s order to convert part of
the loan amount to USD was executed at the rate of 0.94968.[note: 64] As the
plaintiff had an outstanding order to convert part of the loan amount to JPY,
Jayes sent Crispe a follow up email on the same day.[note: 65] In that email,
Jayes left an order with Crispe to convert the balance of the loan amount in
AUD to JPY at the rate of 102.40. Later that day, on 30 July 2008, Crispe
informed Jayes that this order had been executed at the rate of 102.316.[note:
66]

88 In my view, the fact that the defendant had twice acted on the plaintiff’s
instructions and converted the loan amount at the plaintiff’s desired rate was
not conclusive of whether the defendant was under a duty to execute a currency
conversion on 10 November 2008 on the basis of Jayes’s faxed instruction
alone.

89 For a start, the difficulty with the plaintiff’s contention was that the
currency conversions executed on 30 July 2008 preceded the implementation of
the LVR Policy sometime in September 2008. As I will explain below, under the
LVR Policy, the defendant was unable to take advance orders for currency
conversion. Instead, any order for a currency conversion under the Facility
had to be booked at a confirmed rate over the telephone.

90 Furthermore, regard must be had to the other occasions on which currency
conversions were executed by the defendant under the Facility, namely:

(a) A currency conversion on 30 September 2008 where the loan amount then
denominated in USD was converted to JPY at the rate of 104.4160. This
conversion was booked during a telephone conversation between Jayes and
Lily.[note: 67]

(b) A currency conversion on 5 November 2008 where part of the loan amount in
JPY was converted to AUD at the rate of 68.864. This conversion was booked
during a telephone conversation between Jayes and Lily.[note: 68]

These currency conversions were executed after the LVR Policy was implemented.
Pertinently, each of these currency conversions was booked during a telephone
conversation between Jayes and Lily where Jayes had accepted a confirmed rate
which had been quoted to him by Lily over the phone.

91 Finally, as I will explain below, the plaintiff’s contention ignored the
parameters and requirements pertaining to currency conversions under the
Facility which had been communicated to it by the defendant prior to 10
November 2008. In its reply submissions, the plaintiff contended that these
parameters and requirements were irrelevant to the question of whether the
defendant was under a duty to act on the plaintiff’s faxed instruction on 10
November 2008.[note: 69] If that was so, I did not see why the plaintiff
should itself seek to rely on previous currency conversions under the Facility
in support of its own contention.

The parameters and requirements pertaining to currency conversions under the
Facility

92 Counsel for the defendant contended that the faxed instruction given by the
plaintiff on 10 November 2008 was subject to the parameters and requirements
which were communicated to the plaintiff by the defendant on several occasions
prior to that date. I will refer to each of these occasions in turn.

93 On 22 September 2008, Jayes sent Lily an email purporting to leave an order
to convert a portion of the loan amount then denominated in JPY to AUD at the
rate of 89.00.[note: 70] On the same day, Lily informed Jayes that the
defendant could not take advance orders for currency conversions.[note: 71]
When Jayes queried the defendant’s inability to take advance orders when it
had previously done so, Lily informed Jayes that as the conversion was to be
executed at a forward rate, it could not be executed without approval from
credit.[note: 72] Approval was obtained later on the same day.

94 On 23 September 2008, Lily and Jayes spoke on the phone.[note: 73] Lily
reiterated that the defendant could not accept advance orders for currency
conversions. Rather, the plaintiff had to book a currency conversion at a
confirmed rate with the defendant over the phone. Jayes followed up on his
conversation with Lily by sending an email to Crispe.[note: 74] Jayes again
queried the plaintiff’s inability to place advance orders for currency
conversion when it was previously able to do so. Jayes also sought to place
advance orders to convert the loan amount in JPY to AUD and the loan amount in
USD to JPY.

95 On 29 September 2008, Jayes sent Crispe a further email regarding the
advance orders he had purported to leave on 23 September 2008.[note: 75]
Thereafter, Crispe spoke to Jayes on the phone.[note: 76] Crispe informed
Jayes that the defendant did not have a system which allowed orders for
currency conversion to be placed on an advance basis. In particular, the
defendant did not have a system which allowed for orders for currency
conversion to be left to be executed automatically when a particular trigger
point was reached. Further, the defendant could only monitor the market for
the plaintiff’s desired rates on a best endeavours basis. This meant that if
the defendant noticed that the plaintiff’s desired rate was reached, it could
arrange for a currency conversion to be executed if it already had a signed
instruction from the plaintiff. Alternatively, the defendant could call the
plaintiff to confirm its instruction and thereafter, arrange for the currency
conversion to be executed. Crispe also informed Jayes that there was a chance
that the defendant could miss his desired rate. Therefore, the plaintiff was
also responsible for monitoring the rates.

96 In this regard, the defendant said that its inability to take advance
orders for currency conversion flowed from the LVR Policy which it had
implemented from 24 September 2008, with the onset of the global financial
crisis. Against this, the plaintiff contended that the change in the
defendant’s policy was not communicated to the plaintiff.[note: 77] Indeed,
the plaintiff said that Crispe had continued to give Jayes the impression that
the plaintiff could continue to place advance orders for currency conversion.

97 In cross-examination, counsel for the plaintiff referred Crispe to a
transcript of his telephone conversation with Jayes on 29 September
2008.[note: 78] In that conversation, Crispe had told Jayes that the advance
order he had placed on 23 September 2008 was not executed because the trigger
point was not reached. Crispe explained that the reason he gave Jayes at that
time was “customer-centric”. More pertinently, the transcript showed that
Crispe went on to clearly explain the defendant’s inability to take advance
orders for currency conversion. The plaintiff however asserted that Crispe had
not informed Jayes specifically of a change in policy. In my view, it was
sufficient for Crispe to have communicated to Jayes the requirements
pertaining to currency conversions under the Facility. Crispe did not need to
explicitly say that there had been a change in policy.

98 Although Jayes said that he disbelieved what Crispe had told him on 29
September 2008,[note: 79] this did not detract from the fact that the
requirements and parameters pertaining to currency conversions under the
Facility were clearly communicated to him at that time. It was not for Jayes
to believe or disbelieve this unilaterally. If Jayes truly did not accept
these requirements and parameters, he should have informed the defendant.
Instead, Jayes remained silent. He did not protest or ask questions about what
he had been told. In any event, I did not accept Jayes’ disbelief. In my view,
he knew and accepted that the defendant might not be able to execute an
advance order given by him.

99 At this juncture I add that in his AEIC,[note: 80] Jayes appeared to claim
that Crispe had in fact informed him that the defendant could execute such
advance orders for currency conversion. Jayes relied on the first part of a
sentence in his email to Crispe on 29 September 2008 but the entire sentence
reads:

ok I understand that you can leave any orders in the system, so we will have
to monitor until it reaches to that lvls.[note: 81]

As can be seen, the second part of the sentence showed that Jayes had
recognised that the plaintiff itself had to monitor the rates. This in turn
supported the point that Crispe had informed Jayes that the defendant could
not accept advance orders for currency conversion. If Crispe had in fact
informed Jayes that the defendant had a system which allowed for orders for
currency conversion to be left to be executed automatically at fixed trigger
points, it would have been illogical for Jayes to say that the plaintiff
itself had to monitor the foreign exchange rates. In the circumstances, I
accepted the defendant’s contention that the use of the word “can” in the
sentence in that email was a typographical error on the part of the plaintiff
and should have read “cannot”.

100 On 4 November 2008 Jayes sent Crispe an email purporting to place an
advance order to convert part of the loan amount in JPY to AUD.[note: 82]
Crispe replied on 5 November 2008.[note: 83] In that reply, Crispe reiterated
to Jayes that any instructions for currency conversion had to be given
verbally over the telephone or by a signed instruction. Furthermore, Crispe
informed Jayes that any conversion would have to be at a confirmed rate and
that the defendant could only monitor the rates on a best endeavours basis.

101 Thereafter, on 5 November 2008, Lily called Jayes to seek instructions on
the currency conversion.[note: 84] During this conversation, Lily informed
Jayes that: (a) the defendant could not take advance orders for a currency
conversion; (b) Lily was not able to monitor foreign exchange rates for the
plaintiff; and (c) Lily had to contact a dealer to quote a rate to the
plaintiff. Jayes said he would monitor the relevant rate and he would call
Lily if the rate reached a certain level and Lily informed him that she was
not always at her desk.

The events of 10 November 2008

102 On 10 November 2008, Jayes sent an email to Crispe and Lily, purporting to
leave an order to convert the loan amount then denominated in JPY to AUD at
the spot rate of 69.20.[note: 85] This was later revised to 68.50.[note: 86]
Lily replied on the same day to inform Jayes that a currency conversion could
only be booked while Jayes was on the phone with her to accept a confirmed
rate.[note: 87] Jayes then informed Lily that he had already discussed the
possibility of leaving an advance order with Crispe and that Lily should seek
clarification from Crispe before contacting him.[note: 88]

103 In this regard, it was true that Jayes had spoken to Crispe on the phone
in the morning of 10 November 2008. However, the substance of what was said
was disputed. Jayes claimed that during this conversation, Crispe had informed
him that the defendant would execute the plaintiff’s order when the
plaintiff’s desired rate was reached.[note: 89] It was also Jayes’s evidence
that Crispe did not say that the defendant could only monitor the rates on a
best endeavours basis.

104 Crispe denied telling Jayes this.[note: 90] Crispe’s version of the
telephone conversation was as follows. First, Crispe informed Jayes that the
defendant did not have a system which allowed advance orders for currency
conversion to be placed. Moreover, the defendant could only monitor the
foreign exchange rate on a best endeavours basis. If the defendant noticed
that the foreign exchange rate was at the plaintiff’s desired level, the
defendant could execute the conversion if it had a signed faxed instruction
from the plaintiff. However, the defendant was not to be held responsible for
missing the plaintiff’s desired rate. Furthermore, Crispe said that Jayes had
agreed that the plaintiff was itself responsible to monitor the foreign
exchange rate.

105 Unfortunately, no recording or transcript of the telephone call between
Jayes and Crispe on 10 November 2008 was produced at trial. The defendant
explained that it was unable to retrieve the recording due to a glitch in its
recording system. The defendant also disclosed a chain of internal email
correspondence demonstrating its attempts to retrieve the said recording. The
plaintiff did not suggest to any of the defendant’s witnesses that the
allegation about the glitch in the recording system was a lie. In the
circumstances, I accepted the defendant’s explanation for the absence of a
recording or transcript. This was not a case where the defendant had a
reasonable opportunity to adduce the evidence but had deliberately failed to
do so.

106 Shortly after this telephone conversation, Crispe requested that Jayes fax
the defendant a signed instruction on the intended currency conversion.[note:
91] The faxed instruction was sent by Jayes to Crispe at about 12.46pm that
same day.[note: 92] Crispe acknowledged receipt of the fax in an email sent to
Jayes at about 3.28pm.[note: 93] The plaintiff placed much reliance on
Crispe’s acknowledgement of receipt of the faxed instruction. The plaintiff
alleged that this meant that the defendant was under a duty to execute the
currency conversion when the plaintiff’s desired exchange rate was reached.

107 The defendant’s position was that the faxed instruction was only relevant
in the event that the defendant had noticed the plaintiff’s desired rate,
while monitoring the rates on a best endeavours basis. I add however that I
did not accept that on 10 November 2008, a currency conversion could only be
booked while Jayes was on the phone with Lily to accept a confirmed rate.
Lily’s email to Jayes in this regard was superseded by the subsequent
telephone call between Crispe and Jayes. I found that a currency conversion
could be executed without oral confirmation if the plaintiff had earlier
provided the defendant with a signed fax instruction on the rate he was
seeking. This was done by Jayes. Indeed, counsel for the defendant accepted
that the faxed instruction was received and no further oral confirmation was
needed. However, he maintained that the transaction would be executed only if
the defendant noticed, on a best endeavours basis, that the rate had been
reached.

108 I accepted the defendant’s position for the reasons stated below.

109 First, I preferred Crispe’s version of what had transpired in his
conversation with Jayes on 10 November 2008. To corroborate Crispe’s evidence,
the defendant adduced a diary note prepared by Crispe on 10 November 2008,
documenting his telephone conversation with Jayes.[note: 94] At trial, the
plaintiff did not challenge the authenticity and contemporaneity of Crispe’s
diary note. The plaintiff’s claim in its closing submissions that Crispe’s
diary note was “self-serving” was belated.[note: 95] I also add that Crispe’s
other diary notes adduced in evidence accurately documented his calls with
Jayes. Those diary notes were corroborated by recordings and transcripts of
his telephone conversations with Jayes.

110 Furthermore, I did not find Jayes to be a credible witness. In his AEIC,
Jayes was selective in presenting his evidence. Notably, he made no mention of
the occasions on which he was informed of the requirements pertaining to
currency conversions under the Facility. Material parts of Jayes’s evidence
were also misleading. Jayes appeared to suggest in his AEIC that the currency
conversions on 30 September 2008 and 5 November 2008 were executed on the
basis of Jayes’s email instructions alone.[note: 96] As I mentioned earlier,
those currency conversions were in fact executed while Jayes was on the phone
with Lily to accept a confirmed rate.

111 Jayes’s evidence on what had transpired in his telephone call with Crispe
on 10 November 2008 was also inconsistent. At first, Jayes said that Crispe
had informed him that the defendant would execute the currency conversion if
it _noticed_ that the plaintiff’s desired rate was reached.[note: 97] When I
sought clarification from Jayes on this, he shifted his position. He claimed
that Crispe had informed him that if the plaintiff’s desired rate was reached,
the currency conversion would be triggered automatically.[note: 98] His
earlier evidence, before he changed it, was damaging to the plaintiff’s case.

112 I was also of the view that even if Crispe did not specifically inform
Jayes on 10 November 2008 that the defendant would only monitor the rates on a
best endeavours basis, there was evidence from transcripts of earlier
telephone conversations that Jayes was informed about this on other prior
occasions and/or he was aware that the defendant would not necessarily be able
to execute an advance order for currency conversion at his desired rate.

113 For example, in a conversation on 15 September 2008, Crispe told Jayes:

[Crispe]: |  So what we can do is what we did previously, which with the other transactions, which was just to monitor that on a best endeavours basis for you. Now what a best endeavours basis means is that I’m going to be having a look at it, if I see that I can do it, I’ll do it and I’ll give you a call and to confirm it. But it does mean that we have the potential to miss that.  
---|---  
  
  

114 Another example is a conversation Jayes had with Lily on 5 November 2008.
I have referred to that conversation at [101] above and I set out a part
thereof:

Jayes: |  That’s the spot, 68.96. Is – you think is it possible to leave a call level, that you can call me once the level –  
---|---  
Lily: |  No. No, because I don’t have the ability to monitor rates.   
Jayes: |  Okay.  
Lily: |  It’s when I ask the dealer to give me a rate –  
Jayes: |  I know.   
Lily: |  \-- that’s when the rate gets quoted, yah.  
Jayes: |  Sure.  
Lily: |  Yah.  
Jayes: |  But just what I do is just confirm with [Crispe] about the margin –  
Lily: |  Mm-hm.  
Jayes: |  \-- and I will leave a call level with my – I will monitor the rate today, and once it comes to certain call level, I’ll just give you a ring straightaway.   
Lily: |  Yah.  
|  …  
Jayes: |  So that means it’s okay. I got to reconfirm with [Crispe]. Okay, so let me monitor the rates, and you are in the office today, right?  
Lily: |  Yah, but I mean obviously, I’m – I won’t always be here.   
Jayes: |  Understand.  
|  …  
Lily: |  Yah, please do not assume that we are going to be here for the next eight hours, because it’s whenever you catch us –  
Jayes: |  Yah.  
Lily: |  \-- then we can quote you a rate. Now I’m not always at my desk, because we are moving –  
Jayes: |  I understand.  
Lily: |  Yes, so you know –  
Jayes: |  So –  
Lily: |  \-- or I might be on the phone with another customer, so –  
Jayes: |  Sure. But is this the only way to contact you by telephone or there’s a mobile number where I can leave messages on that?  
Lily: |  No, we do not take calls on mobiles at all.  
  
  

115 As can be seen, Crispe had said that the defendant would monitor the rates
on a best endeavours basis whereas Lily said that she did not have the ability
to monitor the rates. What she meant was that she herself could not monitor
the specific rate and to get a specific rate she had to ask the defendant’s
dealer to quote the relevant rate.

116 Finally, I did not accept the plaintiff’s contention that any parameters
communicated by the defendant to the plaintiff before 10 November 2008 were
irrelevant. On the contrary, the plaintiff’s faxed instruction on 10 November
2008 must be read in the light of those parameters. Doing this, it was clear
to me that when Crispe acknowledged receipt of the plaintiff’s faxed
instruction, this was not an acknowledgement that the defendant was under a
duty to execute a currency conversion at the plaintiff’s desired rate if the
rate was reached. Rather, the defendant was only under a duty to monitor the
foreign exchange rates on a best endeavours basis and execute the plaintiff’s
instruction if it noticed that the desired rate was reached. The faxed
instruction was only relevant in the event that the defendant did notice that
the plaintiff’s de sired rate was reached. In that case, the defendant was to
execute the currency conversion without seeking further confirmation from the
plaintiff.

117 According to the plaintiff, the spot rate of 68.50 was reached on 10
November 2008 at about 5.30pm. Jayes tried to contact Lily but as he was
unable to reach her, he left a message on her answering machine to inform her
that this rate had been reached. At the same time, he also sent a short
message service (“SMS”) to Crispe, asking Crispe whether his order had been
executed. However, he received no response from Lily or Crispe that day.

118 On 11 November 2008, Jayes exchanged SMSes with Crispe who informed him
that the order had not been executed.

119 Jayes’ evidence was that on 17 November 2008, he was informed by Byers
that at about 5.30pm of 10 November 2008, Crispe was engaged in an outside
meeting and Lily had left the office 15 minutes earlier. Subsequently, Crispe
informed Jayes that Lily was in fact engaged with another client at that time.
In cross-examination, Lily herself could not remember what she was doing at
that time. She also could not say whether she received the voicemail message
which Jayes said he had left for her at that time.

120 I come to another point which the defendant relied on. It was Crispe’s
position that the defendant could only execute orders for currency conversion
between 9am and 4.30pm. Crispe appeared to be suggesting that, in any event,
the defendant was under no duty to execute the plaintiff’s instruction after
4.30pm. Jayes did not agree with Crispe’s position about the 4.30pm cut-off
time. Jayes alleged that Lily had previously informed him on 5 November 2008
that the defendant could execute orders up to 6pm. In taking this position,
Jayes was suggesting that the defendant was under no duty to execute the
plaintiff’s instruction only after 6pm. However, this position itself
suggested that, if I were to accept that the cut-off time was 4.30pm, and not
6pm, then the defendant was under no duty to execute the plaintiff’s
instruction after 4.30pm.

121 As regards Jayes’ allegation that Lily had told him on 5 November 2008
that the defendant could execute orders for currency conversion up to 6pm, the
transcripts of two telephone conversations he had had with her that day were
produced at trial. They showed that no such statement was made by Lily. Yet
Jayes insisted that such a statement was made in a conversation he had with
her that day.[note: 99]

122 Furthermore, such a statement would be inconsistent with an email which
Lily had earlier sent to Jayes on 14 July 2008[note: 100] when she was
discussing the original drawdown of the loan amount with him. In that email,
she said that “the loan and any FX will need to be booked tomorrow for
settlement on the 16.07.08. Our cut-off time is 4.00pm each day Singapore
time.” Jayes claimed that he did not see that email as it was sent to his
Hotmail address which was not the email address he usually used. Yet the
defendant was able to show that on another occasion he did reply to an email
sent to his Hotmail address.[note: 101]

123 On the other hand, Lily accepted, at trial, that deals could be completed
by 4 or 4.30pm,[note: 102] and even after 5pm on a very exceptional basis. She
maintained that she did not tell Jayes that the defendant could execute orders
up to 6pm. It seemed to me that what Lily was saying was that legally the
defendant was not obliged to execute the plaintiff’s instruction after 4pm or
4.30pm but the defendant was free to do so if the defendant noticed that the
desired rate was reached after 4.30pm.

124 I did not believe that Jayes did not read Lily’s email of 14 July 2008. I
also did not believe Jayes’ allegation that Lily had told him on 5 November
2008 that the defendant could execute orders up to 6pm. I was of the view that
he had been informed and he knew that the defendant would ordinarily execute
orders up to 4pm or 4.30pm.

125 I accepted that any duty of the defendant was therefore up to 4.30pm.

126 I add that even if Lily had told Jayes that the defendant could execute
orders for currency conversion up to 6pm, this would still be subject to my
finding that the defendant was only under a duty to monitor the exchange rates
on a best endeavours basis. I have not elaborated on the monitoring process
which Lily explained briefly[note: 103] because it was unnecessary for me to
make any finding as to whether the defendant had failed to exercise best
endeavours in monitoring the exchange rates. That was not the plaintiff’s
pleaded case.

Conclusion on the currency conversion issue

127 In the circumstances, the defendant was not under a duty to execute a
currency conversion on 10 November 2008 at the plaintiff’s desired rate once
that rate was reached. Therefore, the plaintiff’s claim with regard to the
currency conversion fails.

Conclusion

128 For these reasons, the plaintiff’s claim in S 573/2011 was dismissed with
costs. I allowed the defendant’s costs on an indemnity basis because a
contractual provision allowed the defendant to claim costs on that basis. I
fixed such costs at $150,000 plus reasonable disbursements to be agreed or
fixed by the court.

* * *

[note: 1]Agreed Bundle Vol 1 (“AB”) pp 1-8

[note: 2]Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“BAEIC”) 3 Tab D, p 7 at
[15]

[note: 3]Setting Down Bundle (“SDB”) p 64 at [7]

[note: 4]BAEIC 3, Tab D p 3 at [6]

[note: 5]SDB p 62 at [4.4]

[note: 6]SDB p 64 at [6]

[note: 7]SDB p 65 at [10]; SDB 91 at [1]. BAEIC 1 p 10 at [29]

[note: 8]SDB p 65 at [10]; BAEIC 1 p 11 at [30]; 1 AB 104

[note: 9]SDB p 66 at [11]; BAEIC 1 p 12 at [33]

[note: 10]SDB p 66 at [14]; SBD 91 at [2]

[note: 11]SDB p 66 at [14]; BAEIC 1 p 16 at [40]; 1 AB 114

[note: 12]SDB p 66 at [14]; BAEIC 16 at [40]

[note: 13]SDB p 70 at [28]; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) 50 at [89]

[note: 14]Defendant’s Opening Statement (“DOS”) p 16 at [33]

[note: 15]SDB p 77 at [4(d)]; DOS pp 12-15 at [23]-[29]

[note: 16]SDB p 79 at [7]; DOS pp 15-16 at [30]-[32]

[note: 17]SDB p 80 at [10]; SBD p 82 at [16]; DOS p 16 at [34]

[note: 18]BAEIC 2 p 126

[note: 19]AB Vol 1 p 104

[note: 20]AB Vol 1 p 172

[note: 21]AB Vol 1 p 198

[note: 22]BAEIC 2 p 309

[note: 23]AB Vol 1 p 242

[note: 24]DOS 17; BAEIC 2 pp 17-18 at [38]-[39]

[note: 25]Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) p 35 at [48]

[note: 26]SDB p 62 at [4.2]; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement (“POS”) p 2 at
[3.3]

[note: 27]POS p 11 at [31]; BAEIC 1 p 23 at [57]

[note: 28]SDB p 69 at [22]; BAEIC 1 p 24 at [59]

[note: 29]BAEIC 1 p 24 at [59]; PCS p 65 at [108]

[note: 30]SDB p 69 at [23]; POS p 12 at [35]

[note: 31]SDB p 69 at [24]

[note: 32]SDB pp 83-86 at [24]-[27]; DOS pp 19- 21 at [38]-[42]

[note: 33]PCS p 13 at [40]

[note: 34]AB Vol 1 p 6

[note: 35]AB Vol 1 p 5

[note: 36]Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 13/5/2013 p 5 lines 4-12

[note: 37]DOS p 13 at [25]

[note: 38]NE 16/5/2013 p 20 line 13-24

[note: 39]PCS p 17 at [44]

[note: 40]NE 15/5/2013 p 74 lines 11-19

[note: 41]DCS p 15 at [23]

[note: 42]NE 15/5/2013 p 74 line 22

[note: 43]NE 13/5/2013 p 61 line 4-19

[note: 44]NE 14/5/2013 p 35 line 31- p 36 line 2

[note: 45]NE 13/5/2013 p 62 line 2-9

[note: 46]NE 14/5/2013 p 133 line 21-24.

[note: 47]PCS p 19 at [44]

[note: 48]DCS p 29 at [39]

[note: 49]PCS p 26 at [55]

[note: 50]PCS p 27 at [56]

[note: 51]BAEIC 1 p 9 at [25]

[note: 52]BAEIC 1 p 9 at [26]

[note: 53]DCS p 20 at [31]

[note: 54]BAEIC 2 pp 10-11 at [22]-[23]

[note: 55]BAEIC 3 Tab 3 p 3 at [7]-[8]

[note: 56]NE 14/5/2013 p 131

[note: 57]DCS p 24 at [34]

[note: 58]PCS p 59 at [96]-[97]

[note: 59]DCS p 38 at [55]

[note: 60]POS p 1 at [3.2]

[note: 61]AB Vol 1 p 2

[note: 62]PCS p 61 at [102]

[note: 63]AB Vol 1 p 96

[note: 64]AB Vol 1 p 97

[note: 65]AB Vol 1 p 98

[note: 66]AB Vol 1p 98

[note: 67]BAEIC 3 Tab C p 6 at [13]

[note: 68]BAEIC 3 Tab C p 7 at [16]

[note: 69]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions p 4 at [10]

[note: 70]AB Vol 1 p 116

[note: 71]AB Vol 1 p 116

[note: 72]AB Vol 1 p 126

[note: 73]BAEIC 3 Tab C p 5 at [12]

[note: 74]AB Vol 1 p 125

[note: 75]AB Vol 1 p 153

[note: 76]AB Vol 3 p 537

[note: 77]PCS p 61 at [102]

[note: 78]NE 16/5/2013 p 26 line 12- p 27 line 10

[note: 79]NE 13/5/2013 p 110 line 1-11

[note: 80]BAEIC 1 p 12 at [34]

[note: 81]AB Vol 1 p 152

[note: 82]AB Vol 1 p 175

[note: 83]AB Vol 1 p 177

[note: 84]AB Vol 3, pp 551-561

[note: 85]AB Vol 1 p 186

[note: 86]AB Vol 1 p 188

[note: 87]AB Vol 1 p 187

[note: 88]AB Vol 1 p 191

[note: 89]BAEIC 1 p 24 at [59]

[note: 90]BAEIC 2 Tab B p20 at [44]

[note: 91]AB Vol 1 p 190

[note: 92]AB Vol 2 p 419

[note: 93]AB Vol 1 p 194

[note: 94]AB Vol 3 p 833

[note: 95]PCS 82 at [134]

[note: 96]BAEIC 1 p 14 at [35] – 15 at [36]

[note: 97]NE 14/5/2013 p 89 line 12-14

[note: 98]NE 14/5/2013 p 92 line 13- p 93 line 6

[note: 99]NE 14/5/2013 pp 76-78

[note: 100]AB Vol 1 p 74

[note: 101]see DCS at para 62(d)

[note: 102]see her handwritten note at AB Vol 2 p 419 and NE 16/5/2013 at p 81

[note: 103]NE 16/5/2013 pp 87-88

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

