Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ACES System Development Pte Ltd _v_ Yenty Lily (trading as Access
International Services)  
[2013] SGCA 53

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 149 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N Sreenivasan SC and Valerie Ang (Straits Law Practice
LLC) for the appellant; Lee Mun Hooi and Lee Shihui (Lee Mun Hooi & Co) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  ACES System Development Pte Ltd — Yenty Lily (trading as Access
International Services)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 1 SLR 577.]

4 October 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the Appellant, Aces System Development Pte Ltd, against
the decision of the High Court Judge (“the Judge”) in _Yenty Lily (trading as
Access International Services) v ACES System Development Pte Ltd_ [2013] 1 SLR
577 (“the Judgment”), which had allowed the appeal by the Respondent, Yenty
Lily, against the decision of the Assistant Registrar (“the AR”).

Parties to the dispute

2 Both parties carry out business in the construction industry. The Respondent
was a subcontractor of the Appellant for the project known as the “Proposed
improvement works to metal roofs for a total of 39 blocks of flats at Bishan-
Toa Payoh North and Toa Payoh Central Divisions” (“the project”). The
Appellant was appointed by the Bishan-Toa Payoh Town Council in the first half
of 2008, and the Respondent entered into the subcontract with the Appellant
(“the subcontract”) on 10 July 2008.

Background to the dispute

3 In the subcontract, the Respondent was to provide mobile platforms as well
as erect and dismantle these platforms at various locations at the site of the
project where the Appellant was carrying out work. She was to provide six sets
of single mast climbing platforms and accessories (collectively, “the
platforms”) for a maximum period of 16 months, ending 31 January 2010.

4 Notably, the subcontract contained a provision for the Appellant to
financially assist the Respondent to purchase the platforms, and this was
executed in the form of a letter of credit in favour of the vendor of the
platforms. The Respondent would repay the purchase price and the charges
incurred by the Appellant in relation to the letter of credit by 12 equal
monthly instalments, and such instalments would be deducted from the progress
payments to be made by the Appellant to the Respondent pursuant to the
subcontract.

5 Under the subcontract, the Respondent would be paid a total of $850,000 for
work done at 39 blocks of flats: $21,795 each for the first 38 blocks, and
$21,790 for the last block. The Respondent carried out the subcontract works
and submitted progress claims to the Appellant for payment. By July 2009,
there was an outstanding balance of over $188,000 due to the Respondent. On 3
July 2009, the Respondent informed the Appellant that she was unable to carry
out further works on the site. The next day, the Appellant replied that if the
Respondent did not proceed with the work, it would engage a third party and
recover the cost of employing the third party from the Respondent. On 7 July
2009, the Respondent wrote to the Appellant noting that it had continued to
use the platforms on site and stated that she would hold the Appellant
responsible for any loss or damage to the same. She also stated that she would
be removing the platforms from the site immediately. On the same day, the
Appellant responded to the effect that the platforms were exclusive to the
project and that the Respondent could not remove the platforms without the
Appellant’s consent. On 11 July 2009, the Appellant terminated the
subcontract. The Appellant continued to use the platforms up to December 2009
when the project was completed and kept them in storage thereafter.

6 The Respondent commenced proceedings against the Appellant in August 2009
and claimed the balance sum owing to her, loss of profits, the return of the
platforms and damages for wrongful detention of the same for the period that
the platforms were kept in storage. The trial judge delivered judgment on 4
October 2010 and held that:

(a) The Appellant had wrongfully terminated the subcontract on 11 July 2009,
and the Respondent had been entitled to terminate it on 3 July 2009;

(b) Interlocutory judgment was to be entered for the Respondent for damages to
be assessed on the basis of the lump sum of $850,000 less:

(i) Cash payments received by the Respondent from the Appellant totalling
$281,800;

(ii) The cost of the six platforms (which the Appellant had financially
assisted the Respondent in buying) totalling $227,600.70;

(iii) The cost that would have been incurred by the Respondent to complete the
project;

(c) The Respondent was the legal and lawful owner of the platforms and that
there would be interlocutory judgment for her for damages to be assessed for
the Appellant’s wrongful detention of the platforms with effect from 31
January 2010;

(d) The Respondent be awarded interest at the rate of 5.33% per annum on the
sums found due and payable to her by the Appellant with the date from which
the interest was to run to be decided by the Registrar;

(e) The Respondent be awarded the costs of the proceedings.

7 The Appellant returned the platforms to the Respondent on 23 October 2010.

The issues with regard to assessment

8 In the assessment of damages (which are the subject of the present appeal),
the AR assessed the following heads of damage, which were in contention before
the Judge and remain in contention on appeal:

(a) The cost that would have been incurred by the Respondent to complete work
on the remaining blocks of the project (“Issue 1”);

(b) The extent to which the platforms had been damaged or lost whilst in the
possession of the Appellant and the amount payable to the Respondent in
respect of such loss and damage (“Issue 2”); and

(c) The quantum of damages that should be awarded to the Respondent in respect
of the wrongful detention of the platforms when no loss was proved and the
platforms were not put to use (“Issue 3”).

The decision of the AR

9 The AR held as follows:

(a) In so far as Issue 1 was concerned, the cost of completing the project was
assessed at $52,124.11, on the basis that costs of $10,000 (rounded up from
$9,056.40) would be incurred per month over a five-month period, and $2,124.11
would be incurred on a one-off basis;

(b) In so far as Issue 2 was concerned, damages of €9,420.70 were assessed for
damage or loss to the platforms by comparing inventories prepared in December
2009 and October 2010 (the “Insight List”). $3,748 was also awarded for
maintenance, servicing and retrieval fees in relation to the platforms;

(c) In so far as Issue 3 was concerned, the Respondent’s claim for substantial
damages for the Appellant's wrongful detention of the platforms failed under
the user principle as the Respondent had not proven any actual loss. She
awarded $100 as nominal damages.

Being dissatisfied with the quantum awarded by the AR, the Respondent
appealed.

The decision of the Judge

10 On appeal, the Judge varied the assessment of damages as follows:

(a) In so far as Issue 1 was concerned, the Judge found that the Respondent’s
notional costs should have been assessed over a two-month period instead of
(as the AR held) over a five-month period. Based on the evidence, costs of
$7,975.50 would have been incurred monthly, and costs of $480 would have been
incurred on a one-off basis. The Respondent’s cost of completing the project
was therefore $16,431.80.

(b) In so far as Issue 2 was concerned, the Judge assessed damages by
reference to the original list that was sent to the Appellant in July 2009 as
well as the Insight List. Based on this comparison, the Respondent had
sustained a loss of €15,050.52. The Respondent was entitled to recover $695.50
as the cost of obtaining the Insight List because she needed to determine the
number of items collected as well as the damage done to them when the
platforms were finally re-delivered to her. The AR’s award of $3,748 for
maintenance, servicing and retrieval fees in relation to the platforms was
affirmed.

(c) In so far as Issue 3 was concerned, the Judge disagreed with the AR’s
legal analysis of the user principle and allowed damages for the wrongful
detention of the platforms. The Respondent was awarded $189,000, being the
rental that she could have earned from February to October 2010.

In the appeal before us, the Appellant sought to reinstate the AR’s decision.

Our decision

Issue 1 and Issue 2

11 We are of the view that the Judge was correct in arriving at the decisions
she did with respect to the first two issues (_viz_ , Issue 1 and Issue 2).
The Judge, in the _de novo_ hearing, had the power to make her findings of
fact and then exercise her discretion. Her discretion would only be upset if
it was shown that she had erred in principle or had reached a conclusion that
was manifestly wrong.

12 It is trite law that the nature of an appeal from a registrar of the High
Court to the judge in chambers is by way of rehearing of the application and
the judge treats the matter _de novo_ , as though it came before him or her
for the first time (see, for example, the decision of this court in _Chang Ah
Lek and others v Lim Ah Koon_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 551 at [19] and [20], and
approved (also by this court) in _Ho Yeow Kim v Lai Hai Kuen_ [1999] 1 SLR(R)
1068). In other words, in a registrar’s appeal, the judge’s discretion is not
fettered by the registrar’s discretion in coming to his or her decision.

Issue 3

Introduction

13 We agree with the Judge’s _decision_ with respect to Issue 3 (_viz_ , that
relating to the detention of the platforms). However, we differ with regard to
the _reasoning_. For reasons which we will set out in a moment, we are of the
view that there was sufficient evidence on record to permit the court to
arrive at the (same) conclusion with respect to this particular issue without
accepting the Judge’s analysis of the user principle by relying, instead, on
what we shall see is the more general compensation principle. At this
juncture, it would be appropriate to commence with our reasons as to why we
differ from the _reasoning_ (and, consequently, approach) which the Judge
adopted in arriving at her decision in so far as this particular head of
damages is concerned.

The compensation principle

14 The compensation principle is a general principle which prescribes that
when a tortious wrong is committed by the defendant, the plaintiff ought – as
a matter of logic, commonsense as well as justice and fairness – to be put in
the same position (as far as it is possible) as if the tort had not been
committed. In the oft-cited words of Lord Blackburn in the House of Lords
decision of _Livingstone v The Rawyards Coal Company_ (1880) 5 App Cas 25 (at
39):

[W]here any injury is to be compensated by damages, in settling the sum of
money to be given for reparation of damages you should as nearly as possible
get at that sum of money which will put the party who has been injured, or who
has suffered, in the same position as he would have been in if he had not
sustained the wrong for which he is now getting his compensation or
reparation.

15 In the present proceedings, the AR found that the user principle did not
apply and proceeded to consider whether the Respondent had suffered any loss.
She found that the Respondent had failed to prove actual loss caused by the
detention, and therefore only nominal damages could be awarded to the
Respondent as compensation. She stated:

... For example, if the [Respondent] had rented platforms from other sources
in order to carry on its business, it would have been entitled to claim the
cost of that rental. However, the [Respondent] had not done so. If the
[Respondent] had been unable to secure alternative platforms when it had been
invited to quote for a job, it may be entitled to claim the loss of a chance
of earning profits on that job by adducing sufficient evidence of its
inability to secure alternative platforms, the likelihood it would have
obtained the job, and the likely profit it would have earned on that job.
Unfortunately, such evidence was lacking.

16 On the basis of the evidence before us, we would respectfully differ from
the learned AR in her findings of proof of loss. In our view, there was _in
fact_ sufficient evidence to award the Respondent substantive damages based on
the _compensation principle_ and, that being the case, there was _no need_ to
turn to the user principle. Let us elaborate.

17 It is clear that the Respondent had intended to utilise the platforms in
the context of her business. Indeed, in entering into the subcontract, the
Respondent had hoped that the platforms, which she would ultimately receive
from the Appellant, would constitute a main (if not the) basis for her future
business. It would perhaps be an understatement to state that the Respondent’s
business was at an embryonic stage at the time the Appellant committed the
tort. In point of fact, the Appellant had – through its wrongful detention of
the platforms – not only sterilised the use of those items but had
simultaneously thrown a giant spanner in the Respondent’s attempts to get her
start-up business off the ground. It would, in the circumstances, appear to
defy logic, common sense as well as justice and fairness to arrive at the
conclusion that the Respondent had suffered no substantive loss. In fairness
to the Appellant, however, the onus does nevertheless lie with the Respondent
– from an evidential perspective – to prove what loss she has suffered (_cf_
the Privy Council decision (on appeal from the Court of Appeal of Trinidad and
Tobago) in _Carlton Greer v Alstons Engineering Sales and Services Limited_
[2003] UKPC 46; see also the decisions of this court in _Chartered Electronics
Industries Pte Ltd v Comtech IT Pte Ltd_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 1010 at [16]–[17] (in
relation to losses caused by conversion) as well as _The “Pioneer Glory”_
[2002] 1 SLR(R) 232 at [47] (in relation to losses caused by wrongful
detention of goods)). However, in fairness to the Judge, this was a fact
situation in which the result would have been the _same_ , regardless of
whether the compensation principle _or_ the user principle was applied – a
point which we will also elaborate upon below from the more general
perspective of legal principle.

18 Returning to the _compensation principle_ , at the most general level, it
is clear, in our view, that the Respondent had been deprived by the Appellant
of the _use_ of the platforms for the purposes of her business. She would of
course be under an obligation to mitigate any loss caused by the Appellant’s
actions. However, she would have needed only to have taken _reasonable_ steps
and what would have been reasonable would have depended, in the final
analysis, on the precise facts. What were these facts? It is clear that the
Respondent could _not_ have been expected to have gone out into the market to
purchase substitute platforms or rent platforms in the market and sublet them.
On these two submissions put forward by the Appellant in the court below, the
Judge had found that the Appellant knew that the Respondent did not have “the
financial muscle to acquire the platforms on her own and had needed the
[Appellant’s] assistance to do so” (see the Judgment at [72]). The Judge did
also note the Respondent’s argument to the effect that the supply of platforms
in the market “had been very tight and she [the Respondent] had not been able
to obtain any” and that “[i]n any case, ... if she [the Respondent] had been
able to rent them and then sublet them, her hire charges to her clients would
have been above the market rates and she would have found it hard to get
customers” (see _ibid_). In the Judgment, the Judge rejected the Appellant’s
argument in this regard, and we are in agreement. Additionally, it would
likewise have been unreasonable, in our view, to have expected the Respondent
to enter into contracts first _before_ hiring the substitute platforms – as
the learned AR had suggested. Put simply, the Respondent was placed in such an
invidious position _precisely because of the Appellant’s wrongful detention of
the platforms_. In fairness to counsel for the Appellant, Mr N Sreenivasan SC
(“Mr Sreenivasan”), he did not (and correctly so, in our view) seek to press
any of these points. On the contrary, whilst submitting forcefully on behalf
of his client, he did not seek to proffer arguments that were unpersuasive
and/or unreasonable; he merely sought to put forward the best possible case on
behalf of the Appellant.

19 The only issue was whether or not there was sufficient evidence in the
context of the present proceedings as to the quantum of damages which ought to
be awarded to the Respondent based on _the compensation principle_. In this
regard (as we note below at [59]), we agree with the reasoning of the Judge.
That having been said, as we also elaborate upon below, the _same quantum_ of
damages could – on the facts of _this_ particular case – have been awarded
pursuant to the _user principle_. However, this coincidence of remedy will not
always obtain in _every_ fact situation. In order to understand why this is
so, a detailed understanding of the user principle as well as how it relates
to the compensation principle is necessary, and it is to these specific issues
that our attention must now turn.

The user principle

20 The user principle has been often perceived as constituting an _exception_
to the general compensation principle. This might be because the user
principle has, on a number of occasions, been invoked simply because the
application of the general compensation principle only yields _nominal_
damages in favour of the plaintiff. Put simply, in this fact situation, the
plaintiff has suffered _no substantive loss_ calculable on the compensation
principle. This can be due to a variety of reasons. For example, the plaintiff
might be unable to adduce sufficient _evidence_ of his or her loss. Or the
plaintiff might, on the specific facts of the case, have really suffered no
loss _in fact_ although the defendant might have benefited from his or her
wrongful (here, tortious) act. What this signals is that a court ought to be
sensitive always to the precise fact situation before it.

21 Hence, in applying the user principle in the present case, the Judge must,
_ex hypothesi_ , have proceeded on the assumption that the Respondent had
suffered _no loss_ from a _compensatory_ perspective (which ought to be made
good based on the compensation principle). We would, however, note that it is
not always the case that the user principle would constitute an _exception_ to
the compensation principle. As we elaborate upon below (at [47]), much would
depend upon the precise factual matrix.

22 As stated above at [17], the Respondent nevertheless had to furnish the
court with sufficient evidence upon which an award of damages could be made in
her favour. As already noted, the AR held that insufficient evidence had been
furnished by the Respondent. In the circumstances, the Judge utilised the user
principle instead. However, what we find curious is that the Judge – after
undertaking a comprehensive survey of the relevant decisions as well as
secondary literature – arrived at the conclusion that an award of damages
pursuant to the _user principle_ was (in a large part at least) _compensatory_
in its basis. She then examined the specific evidence and held that, on the
available evidence, the Respondent ought to be awarded $189,000 (see the
Judgment at [74]–[77]). If, in fact, the Judge had utilised – in the main – a
_compensatory_ basis for the award of damages to the Respondent _and_ found
that there had been sufficient evidence available on the facts, the Respondent
would have been awarded damages based on the _compensation principle_ , thus
obviating the need to invoke the user principle as an exception. In fairness
to the Judge, it could be argued that the specific evidence considered by her
was in relation to the _user principle_. Such an interpretation is supported
by the fact that the Judge was of the view that the user principle was _not_
based _wholly_ on the _rationale_ of _compensation_ (see the Judgment at
[67]–[68]). However, this was, in our view, an instance of the immense
confusion that has surrounded the nature and function of the user principle,
and resulted in an incorrect analysis of the user principle. Such confusion is
of course due, in no small part, to the different views expressed by the
judges in the seminal English Court of Appeal decision of _Strand Electric and
Engineering Co Ltd v Brisford Entertainment Ld_ [1952] 2 QB 246 (“ _Strand
Electric_ ”), to which we will now turn.

Strand Electric

23 In _Strand Electric_ , the plaintiffs had hired out portable switchboards
to a theatre which the defendants later came to own. Upon taking possession of
the theatre, the defendants disclaimed any responsibility for the plaintiffs’
hire equipment. The plaintiffs sued for the return of the switchboards or its
value. While the Court of Appeal was unanimous in their _decision_ that the
assessment of damages for the period of unlawful detention must be the fair
price of the hire, the _reasons_ given by the judges differed.

Denning LJ’s decision

24 Only Denning LJ (as he then was) was clearly of the view that the damages
awarded pursuant to the user principle were _restitutionary_ in nature
(although he did not express any views on the situation where the defendant
had made _profits_ as a result of its wrongful use of the goods or chattels
concerned as it was not the situation in _Strand Electric_ itself (see below
at [26]–[32] for further elaboration on this particular point)). In his words
(see _Strand Electric_ at 254–255):

If a wrongdoer has **_made use of_** _goods for his own purposes_ , then he
_must pay a reasonable hire_ for them, **_even though the owner_** has in fact
_suffered_** _no loss_**.

...

The claim for a hiring charge is therefore **_not_** based on **_the loss to
the plaintiff_** , but on the fact that _the defendant_ has **_used_** _the
goods for his own purposes_. It is an action against him _because he has_**
_had the benefit of the goods_**. It _resembles_ , therefore, _an action
for_** _restitution_** _rather than an action of tort._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

It is, in our respectful opinion, the case that, in Denning LJ’s view, the
restitutionary principle appeared to consist of the _disgorgement of the
benefit_ that the wrongdoer had obtained, where the _benefit_ was for the
_ability_ to _use_ the property (thus not necessarily involving the _actual
use_ of the property) _without payment._ The _quantification_ of that benefit,
according to Denning LJ, was the fair price of hire of the goods as it could
be proven that the defendant had _used_ the goods without payment of hire. In
his own words (at 254):

If the wrongdoer had asked the owner for permission to use the goods, the
owner would be entitled to ask for a reasonable remuneration as the price of
his permission.

In Denning LJ’s view, the restitutionary user principle did _not_ look to
_remedying_ the claimant’s loss, but, rather, to _disgorging_ the wrongdoer’s
gain or benefit.

25 It should, however, be noted that Denning LJ appeared to suggest that, in a
situation where the goods concerned were _not used_ by the defendant (which is
in fact the situation in the present appeal), the plaintiff could only recover
its actual loss (see _Strand Electric_ at 254):

Nor do I mean to suggest that a wrongdoer who has _merely detained_ the goods
_and_** _not used_** them would have to pay a hiring charge. The damages for
detention recoverable against **_a carrier or a warehouseman_** have never
been **_measured by_** a hiring charge. They are **_measured by_** the loss
_actually sustained_ by _the plaintiff_ , subject, of course, to questions of
remoteness. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Do these observations by the learned Lord Justice suggest that, in a situation
where there has been detention but _no actual use_ by the defendant of the
goods concerned, the damages recoverable by the plaintiff would _not_ be
_restitutionary_ in nature? If this is indeed the case, then this would be
_inconsistent_ with the analysis proffered below (at [39]–[41]). We would
respectfully suggest that, at the very most, Denning LJ’s observations in this
particular regard are ambiguous. First, he gives us two examples where, in a
situation of detention with no use, the damages awarded are measured by the
loss sustained by the plaintiff, _viz_ , those involving a carrier or a
warehouseman. This suggests that where the person detaining the good is
characterised as a _non-user_ whose function would not involve enjoying
beneficial use of the good concerned, but merely engages in the moving or
storage of it, then the concept of the user would not be an appropriate
_measure_ of damages that the plaintiff has suffered (see John Glover,
“Restitutionary Principles in Tort: Wrongful User of Property and the
Exemplary Measure of Damages” (1992) 18 Monash U L Rev 169 (“ _Glover_ ”) at
pp 184 and 187). Secondly, the reference to the damages being “measured by” a
loss does not mean that Denning LJ had abandoned the restitutionary analysis,
and we respectfully suggest that it meant that the underlying rationale
remained restitutionary even if the damages were to be “measured by” the loss
to the plaintiff. If this is indeed the interpretation which is to be adopted,
then it is _wholly consistent_ with the analysis below (at [39]–[41]) to the
effect that damages awarded pursuant to _the user principle_ are _always
restitutionary_ in _nature_ , and that the benefit does not always have to be
evidenced by actual use of the detained good. Regardless of whether Lord
Denning’s suggested measure of loss in the non-user cases is defensible, the
underlying basis or rationale remains restitutionary.

Disgorging profits?

26 Denning LJ made a further comment (at 255) that he could imagine cases
“where an owner might be entitled to the _profits_ made by a wrongdoer by the
use of the chattel, but I do not think this is such a case” [emphasis added].
In this regard, the learned Lord Justice considered _another possible_ benefit
which a wrongdoer might have obtained (and which the plaintiff might recover
in an appropriate case), _viz_ , _profits_ accruing to the defendant from its
wrongdoing which could – at least in the context of the modern law of
restitution – arguably be claimed by the plaintiff from the defendant by way
of a somewhat different legal route, for example, an accounting for gains.
Bearing in mind the very important (contextual) fact that at the particular
point in time that Denning LJ made the above comment, restitution for wrongs
had, unlike the present, attracted little academic debate, it could not be
said that Denning LJ had contemplated an accounting for gains in the technical
and specific terms that are now commonly assumed in the modern law of
restitution.

27 What, then, did Denning LJ mean? We preface the answer to this question by
first considering the concept of restitution for a tortious wrong, in this
case, the wrongful detention of goods. The scope of what precisely constitute
“wrongs” in the law of restitution is still a topic of discussion, and we
therefore do not wish to circumscribe that discussion in any way. However, we
would observe that the wrong complained of by the plaintiff _must_ be a wrong
caused by the defendant, and the defendant must have derived _some benefit_
from committing that wrong (see Graham Virgo, _The Principles of the Law of
Restitution_ (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2006) (“ _Virgo_ ”) at pp
425–427). In the present appeal, we are considering a tortious wrongdoing,
_viz_ , the detention of property, where the _restitutionary remedy_ for such
wrongdoing is granted by the court pursuant to the user principle.

28 Returning to the question posed at the beginning of the preceding
paragraph, we must first consider the characterisation of the benefit with
respect to recovery pursuant to the user principle: was it a benefit _of_ the
detention of the property without the payment of a fee, _or_ a benefit _from_
the detention of the property without the payment of a fee? Whilst the
difference may seem semantical at first blush, it is our respectful view that
this is not the case, and, in particular, the extent of the damages that can
be recovered by the plaintiff concerned pursuant to the user principle turns
on the characterisation of the benefit in question.

29 Prof Virgo suggests (see _Virgo_ at p 439) that the user principle is
restitutionary as the damages awarded to the plaintiff are arrived at by
reference to the amount saved by the defendant:

… This is primarily because the method which is adopted to determine the
amount whi _ch the defendant saved through the commission of the wrong_ is
what he or she would have had to pay the claimant to obtain that which was
actually obtained by committing the wrong. So, for example, if the defendant
had taken the claimant’s property without the claimant’s permission and so
saved the cost of hiring the property, _the measure of damages will be the
amount the defendant would have had to pay to the claimant to hire the
property_. [emphasis added]

It is reiterated later (see _Virgo_ at pp 459–460) that the defendant’s
benefit in _Strand Electric_ consisted in saving the cost of hire which should
have been paid to the claimant for the use of the property (see also Andrew
Burrows, _The Law of Restitution_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2011) (“
_Burrows_ ”) at p 652 and Jack Beatson, “The Nature of Waiver of Tort” in ch 8
of _The Use and Abuse of Unjust Enrichment – Essays on the Law of Restitution_
(Clarendon Press, Oxford, 1991) (“ _Beatson_ ”) at p 232 (albeit, with an
emphasis on the subtraction of the plaintiff’s _dominium_)).

30 This is to be _contrasted_ with the situation where a defendant obtains a
profit _from_ the commission of a wrong. This has been applied in cases
involving the breach of fiduciary duties (see _Virgo_ at pp 436–437). In so
far as Prof James Edelman (now a judge of the Supreme Court of Western
Australia) is concerned, the restitutionary award does not focus on actual
profits (although it can), and an account of profits is (in his view) a
separate award of damages that acts as a means of deterrence where there is a
legitimate interest in preventing the defendant’s profit-making (see James
Edelman, “The Measure of Restitution and the Future of Restitutionary Damages”
[2010] RLR 1 at 5 and 9). In addition to this, exemplary damages may be
awarded in circumstances which Prof Virgo considers (see _Virgo_ at p 441)
special as the defendant commits a tort _calculating_ that he or she will
“make a profit which might well exceed any compensation which was payable to
the claimant”, and these damages would not necessarily be confined to the
profits of the defendant (see also James Edelman, _Gain-Based Damages –
Contract, Tort, Equity and Intellectual Property_ (Hart Publishing, 2002) (“
_Gain-Based Damages_ ”) at pp 143–144). Primarily then, disgorging profits
from a benefit would be a _separate_ award that has a different policy
underpinning it.

31 In contrast, however, Lord Goff of Chieveley and Gareth Jones QC in _The
Law of Restitution_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2007) (“ _Goff and Jones_ ”)
prefer the broader approach of including the award of an accounting for gains
on the basis that this would not be punitive to the defendant as, in this
regard, the tortfeasor does _not_ disgorge more than he has gained (at para
36-010). Even so, the learned authors accept that this is more likely to apply
where “the losses suffered by the claimant were the profits gained by the
tortfeasor”, and to the “conscious tortfeasor” (although they do not rule out
the possibility for a tortfeasor who acts in good faith) (see para 36-011).
_Goff and Jones_ therefore view restitutionary damages for tortious wrongs
being awarded in the context of what we presently understand as unjust
enrichment, which award reverses the unjust benefit gained by the defendant at
the expense of the plaintiff. This particular approach appears to be different
from that adopted by Denning LJ in _Strand Electric_ , where the learned judge
viewed (at 254–255) the user principle only from the standpoint of the benefit
to the defendant. Furthermore, though both unjust enrichment and restitution
for wrongs fall under the broad umbrella of restitution, it would be
preferable, in our view, to treat unjust enrichment as being theoretically
distinct from restitution for wrongs, as a wrong may be suffered by the
plaintiff notwithstanding the absence of a loss, and, even if there was a
loss, it might not have been one with a corresponding benefit or gain to the
defendant (see also _Virgo_ at pp 427–428).

32 It appears, therefore, that the user principle (at least in the form
adopted by Denning LJ in _Strand Electric_) would characterise the benefit as
one _of_ the detention of the property without the payment of a fee, and the
possible award of damages for the _profits_ gained by the tortfeasor might
thus be beyond the scope of the user principle. The latter issue is one which
(to the best of our knowledge) has not been definitively decided by the courts
and which is still very much open to debate as can be seen in the views of
Edelman in his excellent book, _Gain-Based Damages_ (and critiqued in
_Burrows_ at pp 633–635). It is also important to reiterate that this was
_not_ the fact situation in either _Strand Electric_ or this particular
appeal.

Somervell and Romer LJJ’s decisions

33 Turning to the other judgments in _Strand Electric_ , both Somervell and
Romer LJJ appeared to adopt a _compensatory_ (as opposed to a restitutionary)
_principle_ instead.

34 For example, Somervell LJ adopted – by analogy – the principle of _mesne
profits_ (see _Strand Electric_ at 252, a point acknowledged by Giles J in the
Supreme Court of New South Wales decision of _Gaba Formwork Contractors Pty
Ltd v Turner Corporation Ltd and another_ (1991) 32 NSWLR 175 (“ _Gaba
Formwork_ ”) at 183 and 187 and in the New South Wales Court of Appeal
decision of _Bunnings Group Limited v CHEP Australia Limited_ [2011] NSWCA 342
(“ _Bunnings_ ”) at [172] and [198]). Whilst it is true that he was referring
to a situation where there was in fact actual _use_ of the goods concerned by
the defendant, it is significant that the award of mesne profits itself does
_not_ depend on the defendant having actually _used_ the property concerned,
as opposed to having _mere custody_ of it (interestingly, Denning LJ did also
refer (at 253) to “the analogous case of detention of land” (see also at
254)). Indeed, in a perceptive article on this particular area of the law, a
learned author points out that – in so far as _real property_ (as opposed to
chattels) was concerned – the user principle did _not_ require that there be
actual use and enjoyment of the property and that mere custody thereof was
sufficient in and of itself (see generally _Glover_ at 171–177). In the
circumstances, therefore, it would appear that the learned Lord Justice had –
in substance at least – adopted a purely _compensatory principle_. Indeed,
this interpretation is buttressed by the fact that Somervell LJ was of the
view (at 252) that “[t]he _actual benefit_ which the defendants have obtained
is _irrelevant_ ” [emphasis added], thereby focusing the user principle on the
question of _loss_ to the plaintiff. It might also be usefully noted that
Somervell LJ reserved his views on the question as to whether or not the user
principle would apply to goods which were not used as part of the plaintiff’s
business (see _Strand Electric_ at 252).

35 The approach of Romer LJ was, in our view, even clearer. In his words (see
_Strand Electric_ at 256–257):

The fundamental aim in awarding damages is _in general to compensate the party
aggrieved. The inquiry is:_**_What loss has the plaintiff suffered_** _by
reason of the defendants’ wrongful act?_ In determining the answer to this
inquiry the question of quantifying _the profit or benefit which the defendant
has derived from his wrongful act does not arise_ ; for there is **_no
necessary relation between the plaintiff’s loss and the defendants’ gain_**
_._ It follows that in assessing the plaintiffs’ loss in the present case one
is _not_ troubled by any need to evaluate _the actual benefit which resulted
to the defendants_ by having the plaintiffs’ equipment at their disposal. ...
It does not lie in the mouth of such a defendant to suggest that the owner
might not have found a hirer; _for in using the property he showed that he
wanted it and he cannot complain if it is assumed against him that he himself
would have preferred to become the hirer rather than not have had the use of
it at all._ [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

36 It should be noted, however, that the learned Lord Justice (like Somervell
LJ (see above at [34])) ventured _no view_ as to what the legal position would
have been had the property detained (here, a portable electric switchboard)
“been of a non-profit earning character, or if, although profit-earning, the
plaintiffs had never applied it to remunerative purposes” (see _Strand
Electric_ at 257). It would appear, therefore, that Romer LJ had found in
favour of the plaintiffs in _Strand Electric_ on the basis of a pure
_compensatory principle_ which may (again) be _contrasted with the user
principle_.

Principles vs rationales and the Possible Alternative Analysis

Introduction

37 As can be surmised from the summary as well as analysis in the preceding
paragraphs, the leading case on the user principle in cases of unlawful
detention began the principle on uncertain juridical grounds. _Strand
Electric_ is a seminal decision simply because, as the judges themselves in
that case acknowledged, there had hitherto been no authority dealing with what
is now known as the user principle (see _Strand Electric_ at 250, 253 and 256,
_per_ Somervell, Denning and Romer LJJ, respectively). It is confusing
because, as Prof Palmer aptly observed (see Norman Palmer, _Palmer on
Bailment_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2009) at para 33-007), “[t]he Court of
Appeal in _Strand Electric_ did not speak with one voice and a uniform ratio
is elusive”. We agree with this observation (_cf_ also the decision of this
court in _Siew Kong Engineering Works (a firm) v Lian Yit Engineering Sdn Bhd
and another_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 736 where the decision in _Strand Electric_ was
applied without discussion of any of the different views in that decision
itself). Unfortunately, the case law following _Strand Electric_ has not been
helpful in clarifying the use and application of the user principle either.
However, for the purposes of the present appeal, this rather tangled legal web
does not need to be resolved completely. As such, we will only be considering
the user principle in the case of unlawful detention, and attempt to shed some
light on the rationale and principle of the user principle in a more modest
fashion.

38 Perhaps one possible analysis of the various views expressed in _Strand
Electric_ as set out in the preceding paragraphs is that there are, in point
of fact, two distinct _principles_ (_viz_ , the compensation principle and the
user principle) – as opposed to two different _rationales_ with respect to the
_same principle_ (here, the user principle) (see also Nicholas Poon, “Turning
Example into Exemplary: Ten Years On, The Curious Case of Attorney-General v
Blake” (2011) 29 Sing L Rev 139 at 146). To elaborate, the difficulties which
have arisen as a result of _Strand Electric_ may have been the result of the
perception that, in addition to Denning LJ, both Somervell and Romer LJJ were
also dealing with the _same principle_ , _viz_ , the _user_ principle. As we
have noted earlier in this judgment, the user principle is _different_ from
(and, depending on the precise fact situation, may even be an _exception_ to)
the general approach, _viz_ , the _compensation principle_.

39 A possible _alternative_ analysis (“the Possible Alternative Analysis”) is
simply to acknowledge that Somervell and Romer LJJ were in fact referring to
the _compensation principle_ when arriving at their respective decisions. If
so, then _only_ Denning LJ was utilising the _user principle_ in arriving at
his decision. And, if this be the case, then it would follow that the _user
principle_ has – as Denning LJ clearly acknowledged _– restitution_ (as
opposed to _compensation_) as its _underlying rationale_ (see also _per_ Lord
Nicholls of Birkenhead in the House of Lords decision in _Kuwait Airways Corpn
v Iraqi Airways Co (Nos 4 and 5)_ [2002] 2 AC 883 (“ _Kuwait Airways_ ”) at
[67]; _per_ Giles J in _Gaba Formwork_ (at 188) and _Bunnings_ (at
[193]–[205]; though _cf per_ Allsop P (with whom MacFarlan JA agreed), _ibid_
, especially at [173]–[185]); the Singapore High Court decision of _Cavenagh
Investment Pte Ltd v Kaushik Rajiv_ [2013] 2 SLR 543 (“ _Cavenagh Investment_
”), especially at [48]–[50]; as well as the observations in Harvey McGregor
QC, _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2009) at para 12-015)).
Consequently, whilst the damages awarded may be an objective calculation of
the market hire, this does not detract from the _restitutionary_ rationale,
_and_ does _not_ mean that the award is compensatory. In taking this analysis
a step further, when approaching a remedy for a tortious wrong, pleading the
compensatory principle and the user principle in alternative would have to
occur in certain cases (see below at [47]–[48] for further elaboration). Also,
under the Possible Alternative Analysis, the remedy (_viz_ , normal market
hire) awarded pursuant to the user principle would still be dependent on proof
of the loss by the plaintiff that the defendant had benefited from the
detention of the property, not unlike the compensatory principle (see below at
[48]).

The utility of the Possible Alternative Analysis

40 It is worth noting – parenthetically – that Denning LJ demonstrated
prescience that was decades ahead of its time. The law of restitution became
an established part of the English legal landscape only relatively recently,
commencing with the seminal House of Lords decision of _Lipkin Gorman (a firm)
v Karpnale Ltd_ [1991] 2 AC 548 (“ _Lipkin Gorman_ ”) (see also Peter Birks,
“The English recognition of unjust enrichment” [1991] LMCLQ 473).
Notwithstanding the relatively substantial interval in time between Denning
LJ’s observations in _Strand Electric_ and _Lipkin Gorman_ , there appears to
be no inconsistency between the former and the present law of restitution (at
least in so far as the latter includes the concept of restitution for wrongs).
Indeed, and more recently, Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead, in the House of Lords
decision of _Attorney General v Blake (Jonathan Cape Ltd Third Party)_ [2001]
1 AC 268 (“ _Blake_ ”), in referring to _Strand Electric_ as well as to the
observations quoted below (at [45]), observed as follows (at 279):

[The] principle [set out, _inter alia_ , in _Strand Electric_] is established
and not controversial. **_More difficult is the alignment of this measure of
damages within the basic compensatory measure._** Recently there has been a
move towards applying the label of **_restitution_** to awards of this
character: see, for instance, _Ministry of Defence v Ashman_ [1993] 2 EGLR
102, 105 and _Ministry of Defence v Thompson_ [1993] 2 EGLR 107. **_However
that may be, these awards cannot be regarded as conforming to the strictly
compensatory measure of damage for the injured person’s loss unless loss is
given a strained and artificial meaning. The reality is that the injured
person’s rights were invaded but, in financial terms, he suffered no loss._**
Nevertheless the common law has found a means to award him a sensibly
calculated amount of money. Such awards are probably best regarded as an
exception to the general rule. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Reference may also be made in the context of the secondary literature with
respect to the law of restitution to _Virgo_ at pp 459–460; _Burrows_ at pp
651–652; and Keith Mason, J W Carter & G J Tolhurst, _Mason and Carter’s
Restitution Law in Australia_ (LexisNexis Butterworths Australia, 2nd Ed,
2008) at pp 671–674.

41 The Possible Alternative Analysis is not, in our view, unpersuasive and
would avoid many of the principally _juridical_ difficulties that have
bedevilled this particular area of the law (see, for example, the perceptive
analysis (with regard to chattels) in _Glover_ at 177–188 and observations by
Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe in the Privy Council decision (on appeal from the
Court of Appeal of Jersey) of _Pell Frischmann Engineering Ltd v Bow Valley
Iran Ltd and others_ [2011] 1 WLR 2370 at [48]). In particular, it is not
inconsistent to state that a particular plaintiff could claim damages based on
_either_ (and _not_ both) the _compensation principle_ (which is _an
approach_) _or_ the _user principle_ (which is _an alternative approach_).
Indeed, it might well have been the case that the Board, in the Privy Council
decision (on appeal from the Court of Appeal of the Commonwealth of the
Bahamas) of _Inverugie Investments Ltd v Hackett_ [1995] 1 WLR 713 (“
_Inverugie_ ”), had, with respect, arrived at the conclusion (at 718) that
_the user principle_ combined both compensatory as well as restitutionary
_elements_ (a point emphasised by the Judge in the Judgment at [67]–[68], and
which was subsequently followed in the Singapore High Court decision of
_Thomas Teddy and another v Kuiper International Pte Ltd_ [2013] SGHC 7 (“
_Thomas Teddy_ ”)) precisely because it had _omitted_ to consider the
alternative of distinguishing principles or approaches from underlying
rationales altogether. With respect, it could be argued that, if we view the
user principle as embodying elements of both compensation and restitution, it
would result in the court applying competing interests viewed from different
ends of the same problem, thereby obscuring the reasons for the result arrived
at by the court itself. It is thus our view that the Possible Alternative
Analysis allows (and attractively so) the user principle to be regarded as a
_wholly separate principle or approach_ premised on a _restitutionary_ basis.

The confusion arising from the absence of actual use

42 In our view, possible confusion in the court below arose as a result of the
fact that, on the facts of this case, there was allegedly _no evidence_ of the
Appellant’s benefit pursuant to the _actual use_ of the Respondent’s platforms
simply because there was no such (actual) use to begin with. This is a point
which constitutes the central plank of the Appellant’s case in the present
appeal. However, this did _not_ mean, in our view, that the Appellant could
_not_ be liable under the user principle.

43 Must there in fact be actual use of the goods concerned by the plaintiff
before the user principle can be invoked? It seems to be the case that such a
requirement is _not_ present in cases where _land_ has been appropriated
wrongfully by the defendant (see above at [34] and _Glover_ at 175–177). What,
then, about _goods_? If the underlying basis for awarding damages to the
plaintiff is that the defendant has wrongfully appropriated the plaintiff’s
property and has thereby gained an _opportunity_ to _use_ the plaintiff’s
goods, why, then, should the defendant be exempt from liability to pay the
plaintiff damages if it has not in fact exercised the opportunity to actually
use the plaintiff’s goods (see also the Judgment at [69])? In light of this,
the terminology of the “user principle” is, to that extent at least, a
misnomer. The user principle applies even when there is _no loss suffered_ by
the plaintiff because, as Denning LJ had pointed out in _Strand Electric_ (at
254), it is a _restitutionary award_. Under the Possible Alternative Analysis,
as the user principle is a restitutionary remedy, it follows that the user
principle acts as a disgorgement of the benefit _of_ the detention of the
property without the payment of a fee. Put simply, _the wrong is determined
against the user_ rather than the use (if any), as the wrongdoer’s _fault_
lies in the _unlawful detention_ of the goods concerned (see above at [24]).

44 To buttress the point just made, academic literature has expounded on the
_additional_ factor centring on the interference with the _dominium_ by the
plaintiff over the goods concerned in a case of unlawful detention, thereby
explaining why the wrongdoer should pay the appropriate damages of reasonable
hire to the plaintiff (see, for example, Daniel Friedmann, “Restitution of
Benefits Obtained Through the Appropriation of Property or the Commission of a
Wrong” (1980) 80 Colum L Rev 504 (especially at pp 504, 510, 532 and 546);
_Beatson_ at pp 232–234; Ewan McKendrick, “Restitution and the Misuse of
Chattels – The Need for A Principled Approach” in ch 35 of Norman Palmer &
Ewan McKendrick (Gen Ed), _Interests in Goods_ (LLP Reference Publishing, 2nd
Ed, 1998) at pp 908–916; Mitchell McInnes, “Gain, Loss and the User Principle”
[2006] 14 RLR 76 at pp 81 and 88 (wherein, however, the learned author adopts
a compensatory approach); James Edelman, _Gain-Based Damages_ at p 67; and
David Howarth, “Torts and Miscellaneous Other Wrongs” in ch 12 of Steve Hedley
& Margaret Halliwell (Gen Eds), _Butterworths Common Law Series – The Law of
Restitution_ (Butterworths LexisNexis, 2002) at para 12.35; see also the
Judgment at [52]–[53] and [63]). _Dominium_ is in fact a Roman law concept
understood as “absolute ownership of land or goods, with full rights of
possession and use” (see David M Walker, _The Oxford Companion to Law_
(Clarendon Press, Oxford, 1980) at p 373 and Bryan A Garner (Gen Ed), _Black’s
Law Dictionary_ (Thomson West, 9th Ed, 2009) at p 560), which thereby explains
why the wrongdoer should pay the appropriate damages of reasonable hire to the
plaintiff.

45 Reference may also be made to the relevant case law: see, for example, the
following oft-cited illustrative observations by the Earl of Halsbury LC in
the House of Lords decision of _The Mediana_ [1900] AC 113 (at 117–118), which
observations were also cited by the Judge in the court below (see the Judgment
at [43]):

What right has a wrongdoer to consider what use you are going to make of your
vessel? More than one case has been put to illustrate this: for example, the
owner of a horse, or of a chair. Supposing a person took away a chair out of
my room and kept it for twelve months, _could anybody say you had a right to
diminish the damages by shewing that I did not usually sit in that chair, or
that there were plenty of other chairs in the room?_ The proposition so
nakedly stated appears to me to be absurd; but a jury have very often a very
difficult task to perform in ascertaining what should be the amount of damages
of that sort. I know very well that as a matter of common sense what an
arbitrator or a jury very often do is to take a perfectly artificial
hypothesis and say, “Well, if you wanted to hire a chair, what would you have
to give for it for the period”; and in that way they come to a rough sort of
conclusion as to _what damages ought to be paid for the unjust and unlawful
withdrawal of it from the owner_. Here, as I say, **_the broad principle seems
to me to be quite independent of the particular use the plaintiffs were going
to make of the thing that was taken_** , except – and this I think has been
the fallacy running through the arguments at the bar – when you are
endeavouring to establish the specific loss of profit, or of something that
you otherwise would have got which the law recognises as special damage. In
that case you must shew it, and by precise evidence, so much so that in the
old system of pleading you could not recover damages unless you had made a
specific allegation in your pleading so as to give the persons responsible for
making good the loss an opportunity of inquiring into it before they came into
court. [emphasis added in bold and italics]

And, in a similar vein, Lord Shaw observed thus (in the House of Lords
decision of _Watson, Laidlaw & Co Ltd v Pott, Cassels, and Williamson_ (1914)
31 RPC 104 (“ _Watson_ ”) (at 119):

_For wherever an abstraction or invasion of property has occurred, then,
unless such abstraction or invasion were to be sanctioned by law, the law
ought to yield a recompense under the category or principle, as I say, either
of price or of hire._ If A, being a liveryman, keeps his horse standing idle
in the stable, and B, against his wish or without his knowledge, rides or
drives it out, it is no answer to A for B to say: “Against what loss do you
want to be restored? I restore the horse. There is no loss. The horse is none
the worse; it is the better for the exercise.” [emphasis added]

Reference may also be made to the more recent observations by Lord Nicholls in
_Blake_ (cited above at [40], and which had also cited the observations just
set out in _The Mediana_ and _Watson_), as well as _Bunnings per_ Allsop P at
[177]–[178].

46 It must be reiterated that it is only where the Possible Alternative
Analysis of the user principle applies do our views on the non-requirement of
actual use have a place. In any event, as we have alluded to above and will
elaborate upon below, we are of the view that, in _this_ case, the Respondent
could, in any event, have been awarded damages pursuant to the _compensation
principle._

The user principle: exception or alternative?

47 Returning to the Possible Alternative Analysis, as already noted at [20],
the user principle has been thus far viewed, in substance and effect, as an
_exception_ (and, perhaps, _alternative_) to the compensation principle in the
event the plaintiff is unable to obtain damages pursuant to the compensation
principle for the unlawful detention. There could not, of course, be double
recovery pursuant to both these aforementioned principles (although whether or
not there is double recovery would depend very much on the precise facts
before the court (_cf_ , for example, in the context of the present case, the
hypothetical situation referred to in the Judgment at [73]; _per_ Lord
Nicholls in _Kuwait Airways_ at [67]; and _Cavenagh Investment_ at [52])). In
practical terms, one might expect, in the normal course of events, the prudent
plaintiff to plead both principles in the alternative, and the court may make
such order as it thinks fit so long as there is no double recovery.

48 It is important to note at this juncture that even though the user
principle could be utilised to award the plaintiff damages in a fact situation
where the compensation principle could not (as in the case where there was a
proven benefit but not a proven loss), this does _not_ mean that the user
principle will _always_ be an _exception_ to the compensation principle (see
_per_ Hoffmann LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Ministry of
Defence v Ashman_ (1993) 66 P & CR 195 at 200–201). Everything would depend
upon the precise fact situation concerned. However, it would appear that at
least one thing is clear: the amount of damages which a plaintiff could claim
in restitution against the defendant pursuant to the _user principle_ would be
the amount of damages which the plaintiff would have to _forego_ under the
compensation principle as a result of the defendant’s tortious conduct with
respect to the plaintiff’s goods. Applying it to this situation, there would
be an overlap – or _complete_ coincidence – between the user principle and the
compensation principle in so far as the _type_ as well as _quantum_ of damages
recoverable is concerned. As, however, is the case with the compensation
principle, the plaintiff would also have to adduce _sufficient evidence_ in
order to establish its claim pursuant to _the user principle_. Put simply, the
legal requirement of adducing sufficient evidence of loss applies equally to
_both_ the compensation principle _and_ the user principle.

49 One possible measure of damages under the restitutionary rationale of the
user principle would be the benefit of the Appellant unlawfully detaining the
platforms, where there has been _no actual use_ of the platforms by the
Appellant. This would be measured by the market hire of the platforms. In this
case, it would be a measure which would _not_ , _ex hypothesi_ , have entailed
_actual_ use of the platforms. This measure of damages is _simultaneously_
that which would be awarded to the Respondent pursuant to the _compensation
principle_ as it would be what the Respondent had lost in not being able to
hire out the platforms, and this would also be a measure which did not entail
actual use of the platforms as they were in the physical possession of the
Appellant at the material time.

50 On the practical level, on the basis that there was no evidence of the
loss, we are back to the same issue which led the AR to award the Respondent
only nominal damages, while the Judge awarded the Respondent substantial
damages instead. If, however, the analysis just proffered is accepted, it must
follow that, while she was addressing her mind to the _user principle_ , the
Judge was (quite contrary, with respect, to what she had in fact thought)
_necessarily (and simultaneously)_ finding that there _was sufficient
evidence_ to justify the award of _substantial_ damages pursuant to the
_compensation principle_.

Observations

51 The Possible Alternative Analysis described in the preceding paragraphs is
attractive because it draws a distinct line in the legal sand between the
compensation principle on the one hand and the user principle (premised on a
restitutionary basis) on the other. Both principles would no longer
_necessarily_ have the relationship of general principle on the one hand
(_viz_ , the compensation principle) and exception (_viz_ , the user
principle) on the other. More importantly, contrary to the Judge’s adoption of
a _mixed_ (_ie_ , compensatory and restitutionary) basis or rationale for _the
user principle_ (as also followed in _Thomas Teddy_), the user principle would
be premised (as Denning LJ held in _Strand Electric_ (see above at [24]))
_only_ on a _restitutionary_ basis. This would also clarify any possible
confusion that might arise in the context of the present appeal. We have
already noted above (at [22]) that the Judge had adopted a _compensatory
basis_ , albeit _not_ the _compensation principle_ in arriving at the award of
damages in favour of the Respondent in the court below. The Possible
Alternative Analysis would _preclude_ such an analysis in so far as the
utilisation of the _user principle_ would be premised on a _restitutionary_
basis _only._

52 Even so, the Possible Alternative Analysis is, it ought to be pointed out,
just that. On a theoretical level at least, there is still much debate because
it is perceived (in some quarters at least) that there is much more at stake.
Indeed, the nub of the debate appears to be more than a semantical or even
formalistic one. If, for example, proponents of the aforementioned view
believe that damages under the user principle are compensatory in nature, then
there would not be any legal room for a restitutionary perspective at all. All
damages awarded pursuant to the user principle would come within the
compensation principle instead.

53 Unlike the debate as to whether damages in a situation of breach of
_contract_ such as that to be found in _Blake_ are restitutionary or
compensatory in nature, the argument _against_ a restitutionary approach in
this particular context (_viz_ , the user principle and unlawful detention in
the tortious context) appear to be _less compelling_ , _especially_ if courts
are prepared to continue to recognise the user principle as a _distinct
principle._ If this is the case, then the user principle _cannot_ , _ex
hypothesi_ , be _subsumed_ within the compensation principle as was done by
the court below. Significantly, however, the _same_ arguments for drawing the
distinction utilise the same decisions as well as legal literature (see the
Judgment at [59]–[61] and, for example, _Blake_ , the English High Court
decision of _Wrotham Park Estate Co Ltd v Parkside Homes Ltd and others_
[1974] 1 WLR 798 (“ _Wrotham Park_ ”) as well as the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Jaggard v Sawyer and another_ [1995] 1 WLR 269 and R J Sharpe & S
M Waddams, “Damages for Lost Opportunity to Bargain” (1982) 2 OJLS 290 (which
focuses on _Wrotham Park_)). Indeed, in _Blake_ itself, Lord Nicholls referred
(at 278–279) to both _Strand Electric_ as well as related precedents.

54 In light of the circumstances, as this is a rather thorny area of the law
of damages, it would be appropriate, in our view, to defer arriving at a
conclusive or definitive view as to what the law ought to be and, in
particular, whether the Possible Alternative Analysis outlined in this
judgment should be adopted instead as part of Singapore law. As already noted
above, there is _sufficient evidence in the present case_ to permit this court
to arrive at a decision utilising the _compensation principle_.

55 Nevertheless, a summary of the Possible Alternative Analysis would be
useful, if nothing else, for consideration in a future decision. In essence,
the Possible Alternative Analysis views the user principle as being premised
on a restitutionary basis. If so, then only Denning LJ should be considered as
having invoked the user principle in _Strand Electric_ , with Romer and
Somervell LJJ being considered as having invoked the compensation principle
instead. More specifically, the damages awarded in the context of the user
principle where a tortious wrong consisting in the wrongful detention of the
plaintiff’s goods has been committed by the defendant (as is the situation in
the present appeal) ought to be measured by reference to the benefit which has
accrued to the defendant (_viz_ , the market hire of the goods), and the lack
of _actual_ use as such would not suffice to negate the existence of such a
benefit. It should also be noted that the user principle can be invoked by the
plaintiff in this manner where it could not otherwise prove its loss pursuant
to the compensation principle. However, as also noted above, there is no need
for the Respondent to invoke the user principle in the present case as there
is sufficient evidence for it to prove its loss pursuant to the compensation
principle (and hence no need for this court to pronounce definitively on the
legal status of the Possible Alternative Analysis). Finally (and returning to
a more general level), whether or not the user principle would enable the
court to award damages _beyond_ that relating to the market hire of the goods
is an issue that a later court will also have to decide when the issue (which
does not arise on the facts of the present case) arises directly for decision.

The present case

56 However, what does seem clear is that the present case relates to what the
Judge in the court below perceived to be an exceptionally hard case. Bearing
in mind the old (yet no less valid) adage that “hard cases make bad law”, we
should nevertheless be clear about the (at least potential) difficulty which
the Judge faced. Given that she was of the view that the Respondent could not
prove her loss based on the compensation principle, she considered whether
damages could be awarded under the exception to the aforementioned principle
(_viz_ , the user principle) instead. However, the Appellant’s argument was to
the effect that there had been _no use_ of the platforms in the first place.
If this argument is correct, this would leave the Respondent without a remedy
in substantive damages. It is true that her legal right would be vindicated
through an award of nominal damages (which was the result the AR arrived at),
but this would have been a mere Pyrrhic victory, given the consequences of
this particular detention as mentioned above (at [17]–[18]). If the user
principle was really one containing both restitutionary and compensatory
elements, and was also subsumed within the compensation principle, the
Respondent might well have found herself back at “square one”, so to speak,
since she had not (apparently) adduced sufficient evidence of her loss to
justify an award of damages pursuant to the general compensation principle in
the first place.

57 Fortunately, there is, as we have alluded to above, no difficulty on the
facts of this particular case. As we shall elaborate on below, there was
sufficient evidence of the Respondent’s loss to establish an award of damages
under both the general compensation principle and the user principle. In this
regard, we would respectfully differ from the AR who was wholly correct with
regard to the relevant legal principle that the plaintiff must adduce
sufficient evidence to prove his or her loss in the first place, but who did
not think that there was sufficient evidence on the facts of this case. It is
only with respect to this last-mentioned finding that we differ from the AR.
Before proceeding to consider the facts of the present appeal, we would like
to make a couple of further observations with regard to possible instances of
difficulty.

58 A possible instance of an unsatisfactory situation might occur where the
plaintiff cannot prove his or her loss, _but_ the defendant deliberately (and
perhaps even maliciously) detains the plaintiff’s goods. When asked for his
views with respect to this particular situation, Mr Sreenivasan argued that
_punitive_ damages might possibly be awarded (we would observe parenthetically
that depending on the precise facts, _aggravated_ damages might also be a
possibility). However, what if the defendant was merely careless or reckless
in detaining the plaintiff’s goods but (once again) the plaintiff was unable
to adduce sufficient evidence to prove his or her damage? All this underscores
the thorny nature of this particular area of the law which has already been
noted above (at [54]), and as already mentioned, the court will deal
definitively with the various issues when they next arise directly for
decision. However, it is important to note that when determining damages in
accordance with the intention of the defendant, such damages would fall under
an additional head of damage and would _not_ overlap with the assessment of
damages under either the compensation principle or the user principle (as it
currently stands in _Strand Electric_ , or as proposed in the Possible
Alternative Analysis). In this respect, we would, with respect, differ from
the case of _Thomas Teddy_ which considered (at [41]–[43]) the intention of
the wrongdoer in the detention of the good when assessing damages for the
wrongful detention of the plaintiff’s goods (which detention, in any event,
involves a tort of strict liability) (see _Bunnings_ at [117] and [124]–[125],
as well as Clerk & Lindsell on Tort (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2010) at paras
17-07–17-08.

59 Turning now to the facts of the present appeal, given the fact that the
Respondent had (as noted above at [18]) acted reasonably in not seeking to
either purchase or hire substitute platforms and that, in these circumstances,
could not therefore proffer evidence of actual contracts she had entered into
(because, _ex hypothesi_ , she could not), we can – as the Judge did in the
court below – proceed on the possible rentals she could otherwise have
obtained by deploying the detained platforms by having regard to other similar
contracts in the industry. In this regard, we would agree with the analysis by
the Judge (see the Judgment at [74]–[77]).

60 What, then, of the _quantum_ of damages (_viz_ , $189,000) awarded by the
Judge in the court below? In this regard, it is important to bear in mind that
the reason for awarding the Respondent damages was because she was deprived by
the Appellant of the use of the platforms for the purpose of her business. The
Appellant was therefore obliged to compensate the Respondent for her loss. It
followed that the computation of the damages to be awarded to the Respondent
during the relevant period of detention ought to be based on reasonable market
hire of those six platforms. In this respect, we agree with the Judge’s
reasoning in the Judgment (at [77]) which led to the quotation she chose and
to the amount of damages she awarded as a result. It is also important to note
(as we have in fact found) that it was not reasonable to expect the Respondent
to take any steps during the period of detention to mitigate her loss (see
above at [18]). Additionally, it was immaterial in awarding the Respondent
compensation for her loss whether the Appellant had actually used the
platforms or not. In the circumstances, we affirm the Judge’s award of
$189,000 in damages to the Respondent.

Conclusion

61 For the reasons set out above, we dismiss the appeal with costs. The usual
consequential orders will follow.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

