Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ma Ong Kee _v_ Cham Poh Meng and another suit  
[2013] SGHC 144

Case Number| :| Suit No 478 of 2010 consolidated with Suit No 654 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Vinodh Coomaraswamy JC (as he then was)  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Subramaniam Pillai, Jasmin Yek and Melanie Tien (Colin Ng
& Partners LLP) for the plaintiff in S478/for the defendant in S654; Nicholas
Jeyaraj s/o Narayanan (Nicholas & Tan Partnership LLP) for the defendant in
S478/for the plaintiff in S654.  
Parties| :|  Ma Ong Kee — Cham Poh Meng  
  
30 July 2013|  
---|---  
  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

1 Before me are two consolidated actions. Suit No. 478 of 2010/F (“S478”) is
an action by Mr Ma Ong Kee (“Mr Ma”) against Mr Cham Poh Meng (“Mr Cham”).
Suit No. 654 of 2010/Q (“S654”) is an action by Mr Cham against Mr Ma.

2 In or about October 2004, Mr Ma and Mr Cham began a business collaboration.
That collaboration included investing in shares in publicly-quoted companies
offered in Singapore and Hong Kong through initial public offerings (“IPOs”)
and secondary listings (collectively “Placements”). These investments were
transacted through a specific trading account opened by Mr Cham with Malayan
Banking Berhad (“Maybank”). These investments ceased in March 2007. Mr Cham
then sold the shares remaining in the trading account, closed it and paid the
cash balance over to a representative of Mr Ma.[note: 1] Having achieved at
least apparent closure, Mr Ma and Mr Cham then parted ways.

The claims and defences in the two suits

3 On 1 July 2010, more than 3 years later, Mr Ma commenced S478 against Mr
Cham. In that suit, Mr Ma sought to recover money which he had advanced to Mr
Cham between June 2004 and March 2006 to enable Mr Cham to set up a food and
beverage (“F&B”) business. By his re-amended Statement of Claim dated 12
January 2011, Mr Ma settled on $398,000 as the quantum of his claim. Mr Cham
admits that he borrowed money from Mr Ma for his F&B business. But in his
pleadings, Mr Cham puts his debt at $384,000 and not $398,000.[note: 2] Mr
Cham claims, further, that he discharged this debt on 30 October 2006 by
paying $384,000.50[note: 3] to UOB Kay Hian Pte Ltd (“Kay Hian”) on Mr Ma’s
behalf and on his instructions.[note: 4]

4 Mr Cham commenced S654 against Mr Ma on 27 August 2010. In that suit, Mr
Cham seeks to recover from Mr Ma the sum of $1,121,655[note: 5] which Mr Cham
says he paid to Kay Hian at Mr Ma’s request on 25 October 2006.[note: 6] Mr Ma
filed a counterclaim in S654. In it, he seeks against Mr Cham the equitable
remedy of an account of Mr Cham’s trading in Placements through Maybank (see
[2] above). Mr Ma avers that Mr Cham carried out this trading as Mr Ma’s agent
and fiduciary.

5 Both suits were consolidated by an order of court dated 25 July 2011. The
consolidated suits were tried before me.

6 After hearing the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I decided
substantially in favour of Mr Ma and entirely against Mr Cham. I entered
judgment in the following terms:

(a) I entered judgment for Mr Ma in S478 for $398,000 plus interest at 5.33%
per annum from the date of commencement of S478 to the date of judgment;

(b) I dismissed Mr Cham’s claim in S654;

(c) I dismissed Mr Ma’s counterclaim in S654; and

(d) I ordered Mr Cham to pay Mr Ma half the costs of the consolidated action
on the standard basis.

7 Mr Cham has appealed against my decision. I now set out the grounds of my
decision.

Mr Ma and Mr Cham meet

Their background

8 Mr Cham has a degree in business administration from the Royal Melbourne
Institute of Technology.[note: 7] He started his career as a Territory Manager
with World of Sports Pte Ltd[note: 8] before moving on to Trans-Island Bus
Services as an Operations Manager.[note: 9] There is no evidence before me –
despite Mr Cham having been asked to disclose and adduce it – that Mr Cham was
a man of means, at least in the period from 2004 to 2007.

9 Mr Ma is, and was at all material times, a man of substantial means and a
prominent and sophisticated businessman. He has a background in corporate
finance and in the capital markets. He has been involved in several multi-
million dollar transactions involving public listed companies in both
Singapore and Malaysia.[note: 10]

Mr Ma employs Mr Cham in a series of positions

10 Mr Ma came to know of Mr Cham through Mr Cham’s wife, who then worked in
one of Mr Ma’s companies.[note: 11] At her suggestion, Mr Cham was appointed
as Operations Manager at MSM Holdings Pte Ltd (“MSM”), a company linked to Mr
Ma, at some time in late 1999 or early 2000.[note: 12] Mr Cham held that
position until 2002, when Mr Ma secured a job for him as the General Manager
of Snoopy Restaurants Singapore Pte Ltd (“Snoopy Restaurants”).[note: 13]
Snoopy Restaurants ceased operations[note: 14] in 2004 and Mr Cham’s
employment there came to an end in June of that year.[note: 15]

Mr Ma and Mr Cham start their collaboration

Mr Cham’s F&B business

11 Soon after his employment at Snoopy Restaurants ceased, Mr Cham decided to
set up an F&B business for his own account. Mr Ma agreed to finance it.[note:
16] The vehicle for Mr Cham’s F&B business was a company linked to Mr Ma
through his wife and known as Triwell Marketing Pte Ltd (“Triwell”).[note: 17]
Mr Cham became a director and shareholder of Triwell. Mr Ma made 11 loans to
Mr Cham for his F&B business between 12 June 2004 and 10 March 2006 totalling
$518,000 as follows:[note: 18]

No. |  Date |  Amount  
---|---|---  
1. |  12 Jun 2004 |  $120,000  
2. |  2 Aug 2004 |  $10,000  
3. |  26 Aug 2004 |  $10,000  
4. |  30 Sep 2004 |  $60,000  
5. |  1 Oct 2004 |  $95,000  
6. |  10 Oct 2004 |  $70,000  
7. |  12 Jan 2005 |  $35,000  
8. |  3 Mar 2005 |  $70,000  
9. |  28 Mar 2005 |  $12,000  
10. |  11 Dec 2005 |  $8,000  
11. |  10 Mar 2006 |  $28,000  
|  **Total** |  **$518,000**  
  
  

12 Mr Cham admits, though not without initially prevaricating (see [49]
below), that Mr Ma lent him as a matter of historical fact the sum of $518,000
for his F&B business.[note: 19] It is common ground, however, that by the time
Mr Ma commenced S478 on 1 July 2010, his claim to recover the initial loan of
$120,000 extended on 12 June 2004 had become time-barred (see [33] below),
leaving only $398,000 out of the $518,000 recoverable by action.

InvestCapital Limited

13 At around the same time as the first of Mr Ma’s advances to Mr Cham in June
2004, Mr Ma gave Mr Cham yet another job in a company known as InvestCapital
Limited (“InvestCapital”).[note: 20] InvestCapital is a company incorporated
in the British Virgin Islands.[note: 21] Mr Ma is, and was at all material
times, the sole beneficial owner of InvestCapital.[note: 22] It is and was Mr
Ma’s personal vehicle for investing in Placements. Investments of this nature
were within the scope of Mr Ma’s training, experience and competence.
Investments of this nature were not, at least not in 2004, within the scope of
Mr Cham’s training, experience and competence. Mr Cham claims to have had
personal experience in investing in equities since the age of 21 and claims to
have assisted his mother in her investments in the commodities market when he
was 18.[note: 23] All that may be true. But Mr Cham does not suggest, let
alone attempt to prove, that he had any experience before 2004 in investing in
Placements on the scale of what was to come.

14 Mr Ma gave Mr Cham the title of “Settlement Head” at InvestCapital. It is
common ground that Mr Cham was in charge of InvestCapital’s day-to-day
operations.[note: 24] To this end, Mr Ma appointed Mr Cham as an authorised
signatory for all of InvestCapital’s business-related documentation from 2004
until early 2005.[note: 25] Mr Ma also introduced Mr Cham to his stockbrokers’
representatives and instructed them to deal directly with Mr Cham on Mr Ma’s
Placement investments.[note: 26] Mr Cham therefore handled on his own all the
administrative aspects of InvestCapital as a company[note: 27] and also of
InvestCapital’s transactions in Placements.[note: 28] This included liaising
with and coordinating with stockbrokers and placement agents, making
administrative arrangements for payments, delivering and receiving settlement
documents,[note: 29] dealing with InvestCapital’s company secretary[note: 30]
and monitoring[note: 31] and reporting InvestCapital’s business.[note: 32]

15 Concurrently with his employment at InvestCapital, Mr Cham also assisted Mr
Ma in the administrative aspects of Mr Ma’s personal investments transacted in
his own name.[note: 33]

Mr Cham opens a margin trading account at Maybank

16 On 7 October 2004, shortly after Mr Cham began his employment with
InvestCapital, Mr Cham opened an account (the “Margin Account”) in his
personal name with Maybank under its Enhanced Share Financing Scheme.[note:
34] The Margin Account permitted Mr Cham to borrow between $300,000 and
$500,000 from Maybank by way of an overdraft facility as part-financing to
purchase publicly-quoted shares and related securities, including Placements.
The portion of the Placement investment that Maybank did not lend money to
finance would have to be financed independently.[note: 35] In exchange for its
lending, Maybank required the shares acquired through the Margin Account to be
custodised with its nominee custodian and took a security interest over those
shares. Investments in Placements through the Margin Account were subject to a
loan-to-value requirement at the time of purchase and to ongoing margin
requirements.[note: 36]

17 I accept that Mr Cham opened the Margin Account at the direction of Mr Ma
and as part of his collaboration with Mr Ma. I accept further that Mr Ma made
prior arrangements with Maybank for the margin trading facility and introduced
Mr Cham to Maybank. It is not in dispute that Mr Ma had a longstanding banking
relationship with Maybank.[note: 37] Indeed, on the same day that Mr Cham
opened the Margin Account, Mr Ma opened a current account in his sole name at
Maybank.[note: 38] And Mr Cham does not suggest that he had any sort of prior
relationship with Maybank that would lead Maybank to extend credit to him
personally, even on a secured basis.

18 I therefore reject Mr Cham’s evidence that he opened the Margin Account of
his own accord.[note: 39] He opened it as Mr Ma’s agent. Further, for the
reasons set out at [67] to [104] below, I find that it was Mr Ma and not Mr
Cham who _funded_ the Margin Account while it was active.

Fullerton Ventures Pte Ltd

19 On 29 April 2005, Fullerton Ventures Pte Ltd (“Fullerton”) was incorporated
to undertake private investments and to provide management consultancy
services.[note: 40] Its three protagonists were Mr Cham, Mr Teo Kian Huat (“Mr
Teo”) and Mr Loh Peng Chai (“Mr Loh”). Mr Ma’s evidence is that Mr Teo and Mr
Loh, both of whom were known to him, approached him in late 2004 or early 2005
seeking his assistance in setting up a corporate vehicle to invest in
Placements. Mr Cham was present with Mr Ma when he met Mr Teo and Mr Loh. Mr
Ma commended Mr Cham to Mr Teo and Mr Loh and suggested that the three of them
incorporate a company to invest in Placements. That is how Fullerton came to
be incorporated. Mr Cham eventually held 99,999[note: 41] shares out of
100,000 shares in Fullerton. Mr Ma says that he provided the initial capital
for Fullerton.[note: 42] On the other hand, Mr Cham claims to have paid
$100,000[note: 43] for his shares from his own resources. But Mr Cham is
entirely unable to explain or furnish documentary evidence to show from where
he got this $100,000. His evidence under cross-examination on this point was
disingenuous and verged on occasion on the farcical.[note: 44] Mr Cham could
do no more than assert that he used a “personal source of fund[s]”[note: 45]
from doing “investment[s]”.[note: 46] And when Mr Cham exited Fullerton, he
transferred his 99,999 shares to Mr Teo for nominal consideration of $1.[note:
47] Mr Cham testified as follows: “...when my daughter was about to be born I
told Teo Kian Huat, [I] say I am not going to work with Ma anymore, then I say
take these shares, take it, I can’t be [bothered] with it, I just want to go
away.”[note: 48]

20 I do not believe that Mr Cham would have transferred his shares to Mr Teo
for $1 if Mr Cham had indeed paid $100,000 from his own funds for those
shares. This could not have been a small amount of money for Mr Cham: he had
by that time drawn only modest monthly salaries and had a newborn daughter on
the way. All of this indicates to me that it was not Mr Cham who financed
Fullerton. I therefore accept Mr Ma’s evidence that it was _he_ who provided
the initial capital for Fullerton.

OneEquity SG Pte Ltd

21 In July 2006, Mr Ma appointed Mr Cham to be an “Investment Director” of
OneEquity SG Pte Ltd (“OneEquity”).[note: 49] As with InvestCapital, Mr Ma is
and was at all material times the sole beneficial owner of OneEquity. It was
another of Mr Ma’s personal investment vehicles.[note: 50] It appears,
however, that the business focus of OneEquity was more on private equity
investments and related transactions than on Placements.[note: 51] Mr Cham’s
duties at OneEquity were similar to his duties at InvestCapital.[note: 52]
However, Mr Ma was by now prepared to give Mr Cham a free hand in opening
accounts and even in selecting investments for OneEquity.[note: 53] Mr Cham
continued to manage InvestCapital concurrently with OneEquity.[note: 54]

22 It is Mr Cham’s evidence that Mr Ma indicated to Mr Cham when Mr Cham
started working at OneEquity that if OneEquity succeeded financially, Mr Ma
would give Mr Cham a 20% ownership stake in it.[note: 55] I need not make a
finding on this. But I think it more likely than not that Mr Cham did have an
expectation – whether self-engendered or otherwise – that he would be given a
20% ownership stake in OneEquity if he made a success of it. I accept that
OneEquity was indeed a success, that OneEquity achieved its success in a very
short space of time[note: 56] and that that success was due to in no small
measure to Mr Cham. However, when Mr Cham asked for a 20% ownership stake in
OneEquity in early 2007, Mr Ma equivocated and Mr Cham’s expectation was left
unfulfilled.[note: 57]

The nature of the collaboration between Mr Ma and Mr Cham

23 The evidence shows that Mr Ma was an active equity investor, particularly
in Placements and particularly in the period from 2004 to 2007. He made these
investments in several ways: in his own name, through the Margin Account in Mr
Cham’s name and through one of his corporate investment vehicles. In whatever
way Mr Ma chose to invest during the period in question – from June 2004 to
March 2007 – Mr Cham assisted Mr Ma in all aspects of transacting the
investment. Where a transaction was in Mr Ma’s personal name or was put
through InvestCapital or OneEquity, Mr Cham would arrange to meet Mr Ma and
have him sign the necessary transactional documents either in his own capacity
or as director of the relevant company.[note: 58] Where a transaction was put
through the Margin Account, Mr Cham as the accountholder executed the
transactional documents in his own name.[note: 59]

24 By early 2007, Mr Ma and Mr Cham were collaborating in at least the
following seven ways: (a) Mr Cham was in day-to-day charge of InvestCapital
for Mr Ma; (b) Mr Cham was in day-to-day charge of OneEquity for Mr Ma; (c) Mr
Cham was trading in Placements through the Margin Account; (d) Mr Cham was
assisting Mr Ma with Mr Ma’s personal investments in Mr Ma’s own name; (e) Mr
Ma had financed Mr Cham’s venture with Mr Teo and Mr Loh in Fullerton; and (f)
Mr Ma had financed Mr Cham’s F&B business by lending him a total of $518,000.

Mr Cham was more than a “runner”

25 In his evidence in chief and in his cross-examination, Mr Ma repeatedly and
dismissively refers to Mr Cham as being merely Mr Ma’s “runner”.[note: 60] Mr
Cham took objection to this characterisation. When cross-examined about what
he did for Mr Ma, though, Mr Cham admitted that he filled out the forms for
placement shares, collected Mr Ma’s signature on the subscription forms for
these investments, went back to the broker and returned the forms to the
broker together with any cheque payments that needed to be made for the
transaction.[note: 61] Mr Cham later averred that he disagreed “with the
_term_ ‘runner’” [emphasis added] rather than the description of the nature of
the services that he rendered to Mr Ma.[note: 62] I agree that the term
“runner” does not encompass all that Mr Cham did for Mr Ma during the entire
period in question.

26 It is true that in their collaboration, Mr Ma was very much the master and
Mr Cham the apprentice. But it is also true that Mr Ma reposed a significant
degree of trust in Mr Cham even at the outset of the collaboration.[note: 63]
Thus, a resolution of InvestCapital dated 14 June 2004 – at the very start of
Mr Cham’s employment with InvestCapital – describes Mr Cham as its “Manager”
and not merely as “Settlement Head”.[note: 64] The evidence also shows that Mr
Ma’s trust and confidence in Mr Cham grew over time such that when Mr Cham
started work at OneEquity, Mr Ma gave Mr Cham “a free hand in opening accounts
and buying IPOs.”[note: 65]

27 While I accept that Mr Cham assisted Mr Ma in his investments as a runner
would, I do not accept that that was the full extent of Mr Cham’s assistance
to Mr Ma. Instead, I find that Mr Cham was in truth a general factotum to Mr
Ma during the period in question. He performed the whole range of duties
necessary to assist Mr Ma in his investments, from the menial to the
managerial.

Mr Cham and Mr Ma part ways

28 By early 2007, it appears that the apprentice felt that he had learned all
that he could from his master. And, as is complementary in the usual case, the
master felt that the apprentice was getting too big for his boots: Mr Ma
accused Mr Cham of failing to focus on Mr Ma’s business and instead spending
too much time on his personal business.[note: 66] This inevitable tension,
coupled with Mr Cham’s unfulfilled expectation of a 20% ownership interest in
OneEquity, led to Mr Cham and Mr Ma parting ways.

29 As a result, by March 2007, Mr Ma’s and Mr Cham’s collaboration had come to
a complete end. Mr Cham’s employment with InvestCapital came to an end in
March 2007. So did Mr Cham’s employment with OneEquity.[note: 67] Mr Cham
stopped trading through the Margin Account. Mr Cham stopped assisting Mr Ma
with his personal investments. Mr Cham exited Fullerton and transferred his
99,999 shares in Fullerton to Mr Teo.

30 In June 2007, Mr Cham sold the remaining shares in the Margin
Account.[note: 68] In July 2007, Mr Cham withdrew virtually all the remaining
cash from the Margin Account, including the proceeds of the final sale of
shares,[note: 69] handed it over to Mr Ma’s representative and closed the
account.[note: 70]

31 The only remaining loose end from their collaboration was the $518,000 that
Mr Cham borrowed from Mr Ma for his F&B business.

Mr Ma and Mr Cham sue each other

Mr Ma commences S478 against Mr Cham

32 On 1 July 2010, three years later, Mr Ma pulled on this loose end by
commencing S478. By that time, the 6-year limitation period to recover the
loan of $120,000 extended on 12 June 2004 (see item 1 in the table at [11]
above) had expired. That reduced by $120,000 the amount of money that Mr Ma
could _recover_ from Mr Cham in S478. But it did not change the historical
fact that Mr Ma had _lent_ $518,000 to Mr Cham.

33 It took Mr Ma and Mr Cham some time to crystallise their final positions in
S478. In his letter before action[note: 71] and in his original statement of
claim filed on 1 July 2010,[note: 72] Mr Ma claimed that he had lent Mr Cham a
total of $471,000 for his F&B business. Mr Ma arrived at this figure by taking
into account the time-barred item 1 in the table at [11] above but leaving out
of account items 7 and 9 in that table. In response, Mr Cham admitted in his
original defence filed on 4 August 2010 that Mr Ma had lent him various sums
of money over time and that the loans were for Mr Cham’s F&B business. But Mr
Cham said that the total amount lent was _$351,000_.[note: 73] As for Mr Ma’s
claim for $120,000 lent to Mr Cham on 12 June 2004, Mr Cham described it as a
“purported” claim – thereby implying that no such advance had been received –
and averred that, in any event, it was time-barred.[note: 74]

34 Then, on 6 October 2010, Mr Ma amended his statement of claim.[note: 75]
This time, he quantified his loans to Mr Cham at $525,000. Mr Ma arrived at
this figure by inserting (by amendment) items 7 and 9 in the table at [11]
above and by alleging another loan to Mr Cham of $7,000 on 16 November 2004.
In response, Mr Cham’s amended defence filed on 26 October 2010 amended Mr
Cham’s admission to admit instead that Mr Ma had lent him _$384,000_ (instead
of $351,000 as originally pleaded). Mr Cham also deleted by amendment his plea
of limitation under s 6 of the Limitation Act (Cap 163 1996 Rev Ed).[note: 76]
This was a somewhat surprising amendment. As at the date of this amendment, 26
October 2010, Mr Ma had not yet abandoned his claim to recover the $120,000
which he had lent to Mr Cham on 12 June 2004. Limitation Acts on the English
model (as ours is) “bar the remedy and not the right; and furthermore they do
not even have this effect unless and until pleaded” (see _Ronex Properties Ltd
v John Laing Construction Ltd & Ors_ [1983] QB 398 at 404, approved by Quentin
Loh J in _Hong Alvin v Chia Quee Khee_ [2011] SGHC 249 at [25]). But Mr Cham
deleted that plea, thereby rendering recoverable – at least for the time-being
– Mr Ma’s claim for $120,000 advanced on 12 June 2004.

35 That quirk in the pleadings was resolved on 12 January 2011, when Mr Ma
amended his statement of claim again.[note: 77] In his final set of
amendments, Mr Ma voluntarily abandoned his claim for the $120,000 lent on 12
June 2004. He also withdrew his claim to recover his alleged loan to Mr Cham
of $7,000 on 16 November 2004. Mr Ma therefore now asserted a claim for
$398,000. Mr Cham did not amend his defence in response to Mr Ma’s final set
of amendments.

36 So Mr Ma’s case, at the end of the day, is that he lent $518,000 to Mr Cham
of which only $398,000 remains recoverable. Mr Cham’s primary defence to this
claim remains unchanged from his original pleading. His primary defence, as I
have foreshadowed at [3] above, is that he owed Mr Ma only $384,000 and that
he discharged this admitted debt to Mr Ma by paying $384,000.50 to Kay Hian on
30 October 2006 as instructed and agreed by Mr Ma[note: 78] to take up shares
in the IPO of Ouhua Energy Holdings Ltd.[note: 79] I will refer to this sum as
the “Ouhua Payment”. I note in passing that the withdrawal for the Ouhua
Payment was recorded in the Maybank statement for the Margin Account for
October 2006 as $384,005.50 and not $384,000.50. This additional $5 could have
been a bank charge for a cashier’s order. But it is unnecessary to speculate
on this. The parties treated the $5 variance as immaterial and so do I.

37 It is significant that Mr Cham does not, in his pleadings or in his
affidavit of evidence in chief, accept that he had as a matter of historical
fact borrowed $518,000 or even $398,000 from Mr Ma as at 30 October 2006, the
date of the alleged discharge. His case up to trial was clear: he borrowed
_only $384,000_ from Mr Ma as at 30 October 2006 and that on that date, he
repaid that debt in full.[note: 80] Plus, it seems, an extra $0.50 for no
particular reason.

Mr Cham commences S654 against Mr Ma

38 Mr Cham then went on the counterattack, but not through a counterclaim in
S478. Instead, he commenced S654 against Mr Ma. In S654, Mr Cham seeks to
recover from Mr Ma the sum of $1,121,655 being monies he claims to have lent
Mr Ma on 25 October 2006 to purchase shares in Enviro-Hub Holdings Ltd.[note:
81] I will call this the “Enviro-Hub Payment”.

39 Both the Ouhua Payment and the Enviro-Hub Payment were put through the
Margin Account. Therefore, both Mr Cham’s defence in S478 and his claim in
S654 require me to examine in detail the operation of the Margin Account. More
specifically, I have to ascertain who funded the Margin Account. If it was _Mr
Cham_ who funded the Margin Account as principal, then obviously a payment
which Mr Cham drew from the Margin Account and paid directly to Mr Ma or to a
third party at Mr Ma’s direction would suffice to discharge a debt owed to Mr
Ma. If instead it was _not Mr Cham_ – either Mr Ma or a third party – who
funded the Margin Account as principal, then the result is quite the opposite.
Mr Cham cannot discharge an admitted debt to Mr Ma by paying – whether to Mr
Ma or to a third party at Mr Ma’s direction – what is in truth money which Mr
Cham holds as another’s agent.

The burden of proof

40 Before I examine and analyse the evidence relating to the operation of the
Margin Account, I address the burden of proof. Because the parties are
reversed in S478 and S654, the incidence of the burden of proof in each suit
_prima facie_ falls on a different party: on Mr Ma as the plaintiff in S478
and on Mr Cham as the plaintiff in S654.

41 In an action to recover a debt, the burden of proving the indebtedness
falls on the plaintiff. But Mr Cham was driven to _admit_ in cross-examination
that he indeed borrowed $518,000 in total from Mr Ma.[note: 82] That admission
means that Mr Ma’s claim against Mr Cham is no longer in dispute in S478 both
as to liability and as to quantum. The result of Mr Cham’s admission is to
place the focus of the dispute in S478 exclusively on the defence.

42 Mr Cham’s defence in S478 is a positive defence: he asserts as a positive
fact that he discharged his debt to Mr Ma by paying Mr Ma back $384,000.50
from _Mr Cham’s own money_ in the Margin Account. Counsel for Mr Cham cross-
examined Mr Ma and his witnesses on the unstated assumption that Mr Ma bore
the burden in S478 of proving not only his debt but also of disproving Mr
Cham’s defence. But that is not the position in law. It is _Mr Cham_ who,
having asserted discharge, bears the burden of proving it. In _Wee Yue Chew v
Su Sh-Hsyu_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 212, the defendant admitted the debt but alleged
it had been discharged. Commenting on the burden of proof, Belinda Ang J said
(at [4]-[6]):

4 Specifically and by way of illustration, I turn to the decision of  _Young v
Queensland Trustees Limited_ (1956) 99 CLR 560 on the application of the rule
on the legal burden of proof. That case was not about the characterisation of
the arrangement between the parties because it was conceded that the original
payment to the defendant was by way of loan. The issue was who bore the onus
of proving, as the defendant alleged, that the money had been repaid. The
Australian High Court at 569-570 said:

The law was and is that, speaking generally, the defendant must allege and
prove payment by way of discharge as a defence to an action for indebtedness
in respect of an executed consideration.

5 In Singapore, the statutory formulation of the burden of proof under ss
103-106 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) is basically the same as or
similar to the propositions gathered from the Australian authorities outlined
above. To illustrate, the commentaries on s 104 of the Indian Evidence Act
(Act No 1 of 1872) (our s 106 of the Evidence Act) in  _Sir John Woodroffe &
Syed Amir Ali's Law of Evidence_ (Sripada Venkata Joga Rao ed) (LexisNexis
Butterworths, 17th Ed, 2002) vol 3 at p 4041 state as follows:

When a defendant admits the cause of action and pleads payment, he must prove
that the claim which is admitted has been discharged by payment.

6 So, if the defendant does not deny the tenancy in an action for rent but
pleads payment, the  _onus probandi_ is on him (see  _Sir John Woodroffe &
Syed Amir Ali's Law of Evidence_ vol 3 at p 4040). Likewise, in the present
case, the legal burden is on the defendant as her defence is concerned
specifically with discharge by payment.

43 Mr Cham’s admission of indebtedness meant that there was only one issue in
dispute in S478: did the Ouhua Payment discharge Mr Cham’s admitted debt to Mr
Ma? Mr Cham bore _both_ the legal and the evidential burden on this issue.

44 The analysis of the burden of proof in S654 is much simpler. Mr Cham was
the plaintiff seeking to recover a loan. So he undoubtedly bore both the legal
and evidential burden of establishing that the Enviro-Hub Payment on 25
October 2006 was a loan to Mr Ma.

The parties as witnesses

45 I should at this point say something about the parties as witnesses. Mr Ma
and Mr Cham are the central – and virtually the sole – witnesses in their own
cause. There are many unsatisfactory aspects about the evidence of both of
them. Neither has been entirely forthright with the court and therefore
neither is worthy of full credit. Each relished seizing opportunities to
embellish the facts either to bolster his own case or his own abilities or to
attack the other’s case or abilities. They quibbled even over minor and
irrelevant aspects of the factual narrative.

46 Some examples of their pettifogging will suffice. They differ on who
approached whom for Mr Cham’s first job at MSM. According to Mr Ma, it was Mr
Cham’s wife who pleaded with him to give Mr Cham a job.[note: 83] According to
Mr Cham, he worked at MSM merely to help Mr Ma out.[note: 84] They differ on
why Snoopy Restaurants closed down. Mr Ma says it was due to poor management
and therefore due – at least in part – to Mr Cham’s failings as General
Manager.[note: 85] Mr Cham says it was because the food and beverage industry
at the time was challenging.[note: 86] They differ as to why Mr Cham came to
be employed by InvestCapital. Mr Ma says it was because Mr Cham was jobless
and Mr Ma felt sorry for him.[note: 87] Mr Cham says he had already
independently decided to invest in the capital markets on his own
account[note: 88] and acceded to Mr Ma’s request to help him manage
InvestCapital out of goodwill, as a friend.[note: 89] They differ as to
whether Mr Cham and Mr Ma parted ways because Mr Ma asked Mr Cham for his
resignation from OneEquity because he was failing to focus on the company’s
business[note: 90] or because Mr Cham resigned in protest at Mr Ma’s failure
to honour his word to give Mr Cham an equity stake in OneEquity.[note: 91]

47 Compounding these difficulties are the additional difficulties of memory
caused by the time elapsed between the events in question and trial.

48 On the central facts, however, Mr Ma’s evidence is supported by documents
and by the natural inferences to be drawn from them. His embellishments
occurred on facts which were marginal to the central issues. On the other
hand, Mr Cham’s evidence on the central facts was utterly confused and
confusing. At times his evidence was disingenuous and risible. He produced no
documentary evidence to support the central aspects of his case.

49 Further, it is only Mr Cham who was caught in outright lies on the central
issues. One example will suffice. In his pleading[note: 92] and on affirmation
in his affidavit of evidence in chief,[note: 93] Mr Cham insisted that he
borrowed _only_ $384,000 from Mr Ma – not $398,000 and not $518,000. Under
cross-examination, Mr Cham eventually admitted that he had indeed borrowed
$518,000 from Mr Ma as a matter of historical fact (see [12] above). He even
admitted in cross-examination that he received the time-barred advance of
$120,000 on 12 June 2004 which appears at item 1 in that table. This, despite
having described it as a “purported” claim in his initial pleading (see [33]
above).

50 More importantly for Mr Cham’s credibility, however, he specifically
insists in his affidavit[note: 94] that he did not receive and could not have
received the advance of $70,000 from Mr Ma, his wife _or anyone else_ on 3
March 2005.[note: 95] This advance is item 8 in the table at [11] above. This
is no passing denial. Mr Cham’s denial occupies 6 detailed paragraphs of his
affidavit of evidence in chief. In it Mr Cham explains at length why he is so
adamant in his denial and gives two reasons why his denial is the truth. But
in cross-examination, Mr Cham admitted that he had received every advance set
out in the table at paragraph 2 of the statement of claim endorsed on Mr Ma’s
Writ of Summons (Amendment No. 2) and reproduced (without the deletions) in
paragraph 30 of Mr Cham’s affidavit of evidence in chief. This table is
reproduced in substance at [11] above. He specifically admitted receiving Mr
Ma’s advance of $70,000 on 3 March 2005[note: 96] which appears as item 8 in
that table and which he had taken such lengths to deny in his affidavit.

51 Mr Cham’s evidence on the source of his fund also fails to impress me. Mr
Cham produced no evidence to support his assertion that he funded the Margin
Account entirely by himself. When pressed on why he did not produce any such
documents, Mr Cham merely asserted that he did not think this was
necessary.[note: 97] On multiple occasions during the cross-examination, Mr
Cham fell back on the bald assertion that he had “got cash with [him]”[note:
98] or that he had “[his] own funds”.[note: 99]

52 For these reasons as well as others (see for example [105] – [108] below),
I am wholly unimpressed with Mr Cham as a witness. I am therefore far more
inclined to accept Mr Ma’s evidence over Mr Cham’s on every contested issue of
material fact, particularly where there is no documentary evidence to check
either man’s evidence against.

Summary of findings

53 Bearing the incidence of the burden of proof in mind, having analysed the
oral and documentary evidence before me, having regard to the natural
inferences to be drawn form that evidence and having regard to the credibility
of the witnesses, I find on the balance of probabilities that Mr Cham did not
fund the Margin Account as principal. I make this finding for two reasons: (a)
Mr Ma established by reference to documentary evidence that the deposits of
fresh funds into the Margin Account originated from his own funds (see [54] –
[66] below); and (b) Mr Cham conspicuously failed to produce any evidence that
he had the means to fund the Margin Account in the manner in which it was
funded (see, for example, [75], [85] – [87] and [115] – [123] below).

Mr Ma’s claim in S478

The documentary evidence before me

54 Mr Cham opened the Margin Account on 7 October 2004 in his own name. I have
already found (at [17] above) that Mr Cham did so at the direction of Mr Ma
and as his agent, as part of a wider collaboration with Mr Ma. Counsel for Mr
Cham argued that the fact that the Margin Account was in Mr Cham’s name raises
the presumption that the money in the Margin Account belonged to Mr Cham. That
may be so. But Mr Ma was more than able to rebut any such presumption.

55 Mr Ma was able to do this by matching withdrawals from his own account to
deposits and subsequent withdrawals from Mr Cham’s account and finally to
deposits into the Margin Account. In evidence before me are the following key
primary documents: (a) Mr Ma’s bank account statements; (b) Mr Cham’s bank and
credit card statements;[note: 100] and (c) the Margin Account statements dated
31 October 2004,[note: 101] 30 November 2004,[note: 102] 31 May 2005,[note:
103] 30 June 2005,[note: 104] 31 August 2005,[note: 105] 30 September
2005,[note: 106] 31 October 2005,[note: 107] 30 November 2005,[note: 108] 31
December 2005,[note: 109] 31 January 2006,[note: 110] 28 February 2006,[note:
111] 31 March 2006,[note: 112] 30 April 2006,[note: 113] 30 September
2006,[note: 114] 31 October 2006,[note: 115] 30 November 2006,[note: 116] 31
December 2006,[note: 117] 31 January 2007,[note: 118] 28 February 2007,[note:
119] 30 April 2007[note: 120] and 31 May 2007.[note: 121]

Poh Meng Margin Account cash flow

56 In evidence before me also is a spreadsheet headed “Poh Meng Margin Account
Cash Flow” (“the Spreadsheet”). When Mr Cham parted ways with Mr Ma in March
2007, Mr Cham left the Spreadsheet behind at their shared office premises
together with other documents relating to his employment with OneEquity. That
is where Mr Ma found the Spreadsheet. Mr Cham asserts that the Spreadsheet is
his “personal record of [his] shares trading and has no connection to Ma’s
account of events.”[note: 122] Insofar as Mr Cham suggests by this that the
Spreadsheet is unrelated to the Margin Account, I reject his evidence. A
comparison between each entry in the Spreadsheet and each entry in Maybank’s
formal statements for the Margin Account for that period shows an exact match
down to the last cent. Insofar as Mr Cham suggests that the Spreadsheet is
unrelated to Mr Ma or to Mr Cham’s employment in Mr Ma’s personal investment
vehicles, the fact that Mr Cham left the Spreadsheet behind at Mr Ma’s
_office_ premises indicates to me otherwise. If it had been a record of Mr
Cham’s personal trading, there would have been no reason for Mr Cham to leave
it behind as he did.

57 I gave great weight to the Spreadsheet. Mr Cham prepared it
contemporaneously with the transactions in question. He prepared it long
before any dispute with Mr Ma was even on the horizon. It is therefore
untainted by any self-serving litigation bias. It is Mr Cham’s record of all
deposits and withdrawals from the Margin Account with his personal narrative
for each entry. This narrative is more informative than that which appeared on
Maybank’s statements for the Margin Account. The Spreadsheet corroborates the
other documentary evidence before me and is corroborated by that other
evidence. It is a key piece of evidence in unravelling the flow of funds. The
flow of funds is the determinative aspect of these consolidated suits.

58 The Spreadsheet records the cash flow through the Margin Account from 7
October 2004 to 5 March 2007. It comprises 122 entries, recording and
describing faithfully each deposit and each withdrawal from the Margin Account
during this period. The first entry in the Spreadsheet is for 7 October 2004 –
the day Mr Cham opened the Margin Account (see [16] above). The last entry in
the Spreadsheet is for 5 March 2007. That is not the date on which Mr Cham
closed the Margin Account (see [30] above). But by March 2007, Mr Cham’s
employment with InvestCapital and OneEquity had come to an end and the wider
collaboration between Mr Ma and Mr Cham had broken down. Save for the purpose
of closing the account, there was no trading through the Margin Account after
5 March 2007. Presumably, therefore, Mr Cham saw no need and had no
inclination to update the Spreadsheet after 5 March 2007 or had no further
opportunity to do so.

59 Of the 122 entries in the Spreadsheet, 45 entries record deposits into the
Margin Account and 77 entries record withdrawals from the Margin Account. I
leave the withdrawals out of account for present purposes. Only the deposits
are relevant to identify the ultimate origin of the money in the Margin
Account.

60 Of the 45 deposits recorded in the Spreadsheet, 36 deposits were generated
internally on existing money. These 36 deposits therefore do not represent an
inflow of fresh funds. I leave these 36 deposits out of account also. They
comprise 31 deposits of the proceeds of sale of shares acquired through the
Margin Account, 2 deposits of dividends paid on shares acquired through the
Margin Account and 3 deposits of interest paid by Maybank on the balance in
the Margin Account. I have classified the deposit of $12,845.86 on 26 November
2004[note: 123] as one of the 31 deposits of the proceeds of sale. That
deposit is accompanied by the narrative “Deposit of YC & using proceed to
purchase S Music (proceed from YC $33,055.86 - $20,210 = $12,845.86)”. Mr
Cham’s own narrative for this entry classified it as net proceeds after
deducting a sum used for a further purchase. This deposit too was also
internally-generated and not fresh funds.

61 That leaves only 9 deposits out the 45 deposits which were deposits of
fresh funds. Mr Ma claimed that 7 of these 9 deposits originated ultimately
from him. The particulars of these 7 deposits are as follows:

No. |  Date |  Narrative in Spreadsheet |  Amount  
---|---|---|---  
1. |  7 Oct 2004 |  “Account Opening (BK)” |  $115,560  
2. |  26 Oct 2004 |  “Deposit for Med A” |  $150,000  
3. |  2 Nov 2004 |  “Deposit for M” |  $95,000  
4. |  20 May 2005 |  “Deposit for AS” |  $122,000  
5. |  6 Oct 2005 |  “Cash to cover margin” |  $6,500  
6. |  8 Nov 2005 |  “Cash to cover margin (from petrol)” |  $10,000  
7. |  22 Apr 2006 |  “Cash for S” |  $531,772  
|  **Total** |  |  **$1,030,832**  
  
  

62 Counsel for Mr Ma submits that the natural inference from the combined
effect of his oral evidence, the documentary evidence and the adverse
inference to be drawn against Mr Cham for his failure to produce evidence of
his means is that Mr Ma was, on the balance of probabilities, the ultimate
origin of each of these 7 deposits. For the reasons that follow, I accept Mr
Ma’s submissions.

63 Mr Ma did not claim the remaining two of the 9 deposits of fresh funds.
These are: (1) a deposit of $44,743.14 made on 20 May 2005 with the narrative
“Deposit for AS (from L)”; and (2) a deposit of $50,000 made on 6 December
2006 with the narrative “Fund from FV to buy First Reit”.

64 As regards both these unclaimed deposits, I note again that the burden of
proof to establish the ultimate origin of these deposits lay on Mr Cham, not
Mr Ma. Mr Cham produced no evidence – other than bare assertions – to show
that he was the ultimate origin of either of these deposits. Mr Cham did not
even produce evidence from which I could draw an inference to _suggest_ that
Mr Cham was the ultimate origin of these two deposits.

65 Further, as regards the first unclaimed deposit, I note that Mr Cham’s own
narrative describes the deposit as being “from L”. There was no evidence as to
who “L” – but there was also no evidence to suggest that “L” was Mr Cham.

66 I find the second unclaimed deposit of $50,000 on 6 December 2006 is not
material to the current analysis for two further reasons. First, it was paid
in _after_ October 2006: that is, _after_ the Enviro-Hub Payment on 25 October
2006 which constitutes Mr Cham’s claim in S654 and _after_ the Ouhua Payment
on 30 October 2006 which constitutes Mr Cham’s defence in S478. Whoever was
the ultimate origin of this $50,000, therefore, it cannot have any bearing on
the two material withdrawals which occurred over a month earlier. Second, this
sum of $50,000 was merely in transit. It was paid in on 6 December 2006 with
the narrative “Fund from FV to buy First Reit”. The exact amount of $50,000
was withdrawn on 28 December 2006 with the narrative “Return to FV”. This sum
of $50,000 therefore did not represent a net inflow of fresh funds into the
Margin Account.

Overview of payments

67 The documentary evidence establishes indisputably that the following
transactions took place in Mr Ma’s various accounts and in Mr Cham’s various
accounts, including the Margin Account, from 30 September 2004 to 21 April
2006. I have set out chronologically in a table all of these transactions,
regardless of the account involved, to make the sequence of transactions
manifest. This in turn makes the underlying facts easier to follow and
analyse. In the table, I have shaded the 7 deposits into the Margin Account
which Mr Ma claims originated from his funds (see [61] above).

No. |  Date |  Description |  Amount deposited (withdrawn)  
---|---|---|---  
1. |  1 Oct 2004 |  Mr Ma withdraws $60,000 cash from his Maybank account[note: 124] |  ($60,000)  
2. |  7 Oct 2004 |  Mr Ma withdraws $80,000 cash from his Maybank account[note: 125] |  ($80,000)  
3. |  7 Oct 2004 |  Mr Cham deposits $80,000 cash into his DBS account |  $80,000  
4. |  7 Oct 2004 |  Mr Cham draws cheque for $115,560 on his DBS account  |  ($115,560)  
5. |  7 Oct 2004 |  Mr Cham deposits cheque for $115,560 into Margin Account  |  $115,560  
6. |  26 Oct 2004 |  Mr Ma withdraws $150,000 in cash from his Maybank account |  ($150,000)  
7. |  26 Oct 2004 |  Mr Cham deposits $150,000 cash into the Margin Account |  $150,000  
8. |  2 Nov 2004 |  Mr Ma withdraws $60,000 cash from his Maybank account |  ($60,000)  
9. |  2 Nov 2004 |  Mr Ma withdraws $140,000 cash from his Maybank account |  ($140,000)  
10. |  2 Nov 2004 |  Mr Cham deposits $95,000 cash into the Margin Account |  $95,000  
11. |  20 May 2005 |  Mr Ma withdraws $100,000 cash from his Standard Chartered bank account |  ($100,000)  
12. |  20 May 2005 |  Mr Cham deposits $122,000 cash into the Margin Account |  $122,000  
13. |  6 Oct 2005 |  Mr Cham deposits $6,500 cash into the Margin Account |  $6,500  
14. |  8 Nov 2005 |  Mr Cham deposits $10,000 cash into the Margin Account |  $10,000  
15. |  18 Apr 2006 |  Mr Ma withdraws $50,000 cash from his Maybank account |  ($50,000)  
16. |  19 Apr 2006 |  Mr Ma withdraws $30,000 cash from his Maybank account |  ($30,000)  
17. |  19 Apr 2006 |  Mr Ma withdraws $50,000 cash from his Maybank account |  ($50,000)  
18. |  20 Apr 2006 |  Mr Ma withdraws $70,000 cash from his Maybank account |  ($70,000)  
19\.  |  21 Apr 2006 |  Mr Ma withdraws $300,000 cash from his Maybank account |  ($300,000)  
20. |  21 Apr 2006 |  Mr Cham deposits $80,000 cash into his DBS account  |  $80,000  
21. |  21 Apr 2006 |  Mr Cham deposits $150,000 cash into his DBS account |  $150,000  
22. |  21 Apr 2006 |  Mr Cham draws cheque for $265,000 on his DBS account |  ($265,000)  
23. |  22 Apr 2006 |  Mr Cham deposits his cheque for $265,000 plus a cheque for $266,772 from Mr Quek Yiang Hang into the Margin Account |  $531,772  
  
  

68 I now deal in turn with each of these 7 shaded deposits.

First deposit: opening deposit of $115,560 on 7 Oct 2004

69 The first of the seven deposits into the Margin Account which Mr Ma claims
to originate ultimately from his own money is the deposit of $115,560 made
when Mr Cham opened the Margin Account on 7 October 2004. Mr Cham made this
deposit by way of his DBS cheque number 299920 issued on the same date in the
sum of $115,560 and drawn on his DBS account.[note: 126] Mr Cham relies on
this fact to submit that the source of this initial deposit of $115,560 was
his own funds.

70 The evidence before me shows, however, that the ultimate source of these
funds was not Mr Cham but Mr Ma. First, on 1 October 2004, Mr Ma withdrew
$60,000 cash from his Maybank account. Mr Ma testified that he did so at Mr
Cham’s request.[note: 127] Mr Ma handed the cash to Mr Cham in person at Mr
Ma’s office.[note: 128] Mr Cham admits this.[note: 129] It is common ground
that the initial deposit into the Margin Account was for a Placement of shares
in Beng Kuang Marine Limited. In one contemporaneous document before me,[note:
130] Mr Cham himself accounts for this $60,000 cash by notionally apportioning
$35,600 from it as follows: “Cash received $60,000 less $35,560 for Beng Kuang
and $492.25 for Atlantac”. In another contemporaneous document,[note: 131] Mr
Cham records the following entry for 7 October 2004: “Top up cash for Beng
Kuang $35,560”. So I am satisfied that $35,560 came from Mr Ma, and that it
came out of the $60,000 in cash which Mr Ma handed to Mr Cham on 7 October
2004.

71 Second, on 7 October 2004, $80,000 was withdrawn in cash from Mr Ma’s
Maybank account. On exactly the same day, Mr Cham deposited exactly the same
amount in cash into his DBS account. Mr Ma’s evidence is that it was his
$80,000 which went into Mr Cham’s account. Mr Cham denies this. But Mr Cham
cannot explain where else the $80,000 could have come from. Instead, he
embellished his evidence with unsupported detail:

Q:Where did you get these monies from?

A:It was not cash.

Q:Don’t tell me “it’s from my investments”. Be specific, where did you get
your monies from?

A:Essentially from a bank account -- from another bank account.

Q:From another bank account?

A:Yes. This is a margin account.

Q:I understand. But where did you get the monies from? My question is very
simple. Where did you get the monies from?

A:From my bank account, I told you.

Q:Which bank account?

A:DBS.[note: 132]

…

Q:And where did the money come from before it was deposited into the DBS cash
line account?

A:I hold cash with me.[note: 133]

72 So I am left with nothing more than a bare denial to set against Mr Ma’s
evidence and the documentary evidence. Mr Ma’s explanation is the more
convincing one, supported as it is not only by the documentary evidence but by
the natural inferences from the wider collaboration between the two men. I
therefore find on the balance of probabilities that Mr Ma has established that
the initial deposit into the Margin Account originated from his money.

73 Mr Cham makes the point[note: 134] that the payment of $60,000 (see [70]
above) is also part of Mr Ma’s claim in S478. So it is – see item 4 in the
table at [11] above. Mr Cham then makes the point that because Mr Ma is
claiming this sum of $60,000 in S478 and because Mr Ma is also claiming that
$35,560 out of this $60,000 found its way into the Margin Account, that
amounts to double-claiming. I reject this argument. Mr Ma is indeed making a
claim for $60,000 in S478. Mr Cham admits that claim. That $60,000 is
therefore due to Mr Ma, subject only to defences. Mr Cham’s defence is one of
discharge. Mr Ma seeks to show that he is the ultimate source of this $35,560
which found its way into the Margin Account. But he does so to defeat Mr
Cham’s defence and to break the claimed link between Mr Cham and the funds in
the Margin Account. He is not going further in S478 to claim separately the
$35,560 against Mr Cham. This is clear from Mr Ma’s pleaded claim. And he made
this clear again in cross-examination.[note: 135] So there is no double-claim
in S478. Further, for the reasons set out in [124] – [127] below, I dismiss Mr
Cham’s counterclaim in S654. So even if there was a double-claim in S654, it
fails.

74 Putting the $35,560 which Mr Ma gave to Mr Cham on 1 October 2004 together
with the $80,000 which Mr Ma gave to him on 7 October 2004 results in $115,560
in Mr Cham’s hands and in his personal DBS account. That was the initial
funding for the Margin Account which Mr Cham then drew out by cheque from his
personal DBS account and paid into the Margin Account.

75 Mr Cham cannot explain, even in general terms, how he came by the total sum
of $115,560 paid into his DBS account in October 2004 if not from Mr Ma. Mr
Cham was deliberately vague when asked about this. He asserted again – without
any supporting documents or specifics – that “[i]t’s my own fund”[note: 136]
derived “from my income as well as from investment, profits and all
this”.[note: 137] I reject this evidence.

76 My finding that this $115,600 originated – more probably than not – from Mr
Ma is significant for another reason. Mr Cham’s evidence in cross-examination
was that _all_ money in the Margin Account originated _solely_ from the
$115,560 initial capital outlay and the proceeds of the investments purchased
with it.[note: 138]

Q:...So you placed the initial account opening deposit of 115,560, used that
to purchase shares and all other transactions were rolled over from the
proceeds of shares -- sale of shares from previous cases. That is your
evidence now, correct? Yes, Mr Cham?

A:Yes.

77 On Mr Cham’s own case, if the initial capital outlay of $115,560 was Mr
Ma’s money, and if all the further deposits were internally generated, then
all the money in the account at any given point in time is likewise
attributable to Mr Ma. That in itself is enough to dispose of Mr Cham’s
defence. But Mr Cham’s assertion is contradicted by Mr Ma, because Mr Ma
claims that six other deposits originated from him and therefore from outside
the Margin Account. It is also inconsistent with Mr Cham’s own story on the
last of the seven deposits (see [96] below). I therefore continue my analysis
of the remaining six deposits.

Second deposit: $150,000 on 26 Oct 2004

78 The second of the seven deposits which Mr Ma claims originates ultimately
from him is the deposit of $150,000 on 26 Oct 2004. Mr Cham’s narrative in the
Spreadsheet recorded this as being “for Med A”. On the same day, Mr Ma
withdrew $150,000 in cash from his Maybank account.[note: 139] The date and
time of withdrawal was 26 October 2004 at 11:01:27, as digitally printed on
the back of the cheque. This withdrawal was recorded on the monthly statement
for Mr Ma’s Maybank Account.[note: 140] Mr Ma testified that he gave this sum
in cash to Mr Cham as “part payment for the place[ment] margin”, i.e. for
subscription of IPO shares in Media Asia Group Holdings Ltd.[note: 141]

79 Mr Cham’s evidence on this sum of $150,000 is again wholly unconvincing. Mr
Cham pointed to a cash withdrawal of $170,000 from the Margin Account on 21
October 2004[note: 142] and claimed that the $150,000 he deposited on 26
October 2004 originated from that withdrawal 5 days earlier. When asked why he
would withdraw $170,000 in cash on 21 October 2004 only to redeposit $150,000
out of that sum 5 days later, Mr Cham said that he withdrew that sum to lend
the money “...to somebody. But halfway through I don’t need, the person didn’t
need, so I put it back.”[note: 143] Again, Mr Cham was unable to provide any
specifics about the person to whom he intended to lend the money withdrawn on
21 October 2006 or why that person did not eventually require the money. I
therefore do not accept Mr Cham’s evidence. It is too much of a coincidence
that Mr Ma withdrew exactly the same sum of $150,000 from his Maybank account
_in cash_ on exactly the same day as Mr Cham made a deposit of exactly the
same amount _in cash_ into the Margin Account.

Third deposit: $95,000 on 2 Nov 2004

80 The third of the seven deposits which Mr Ma claims originates ultimately
from his money is the deposit of $95,000 on 2 November 2004. Mr Cham described
this in the Spreadsheet as “deposit for M”.

81 On 2 November 2004, the same day as the deposit, Mr Ma withdrew $200,000 in
cash by way of two cash cheques drawn on his Maybank Account. He first drew a
cash cheque for the sum of $60,000 and cashed it at Maybank’s Marine Parade
branch at 12:32:02 on 2 November 2004.[note: 144] Later that same day, he drew
a second cash cheque for the sum of $140,000 and cashed it at Maybank’s main
branch at 15:03:31.[note: 145] Maybank recorded the proceeds of both cash
cheques as having been collected by Mr Ma. Mr Ma testified that he gave Mr
Cham $95,000 on 2 November 2004 out of the cash that he had withdrawn that
same day. The payment was to be “the minimum requirement” for the Placement
which Mr Cham intended to take up.[note: 146]

82 Again, Mr Cham denies that this $95,000 came from Mr Ma. Again, he cannot
give a credible explanation of where the money came from, if not from Mr Ma.
Again, Mr Cham is unable to go further than a bare denial. The following
extract provides yet more flavour of Mr Cham’s lack of credibility on this
deposit of $95,000:

Q:At page 266 on the same day, 2 November 2004, there is a deposit of $95,000.
Correct?

A:Yes.

Q:Where did this monies [_sic_] come from?

A:If I just refer to my affidavit. It was a cash deposit.

Q:I know it was a cash deposit. My question to you --

A:It’s my own cash.

Q:Your own cash?

A:Yes.

Q:From where? From which account did you withdraw it?

A:Should be from my DBS Account.

Q:Where is this evidence?

A:Let me go through my…

Q:Is your evidence that you cannot recall again?

A:No, it was cash from my bank account -- cash from somewhere.

Q:It must be from Mr Ma?

A:Definitely not.

Q:Then show us from where?

A:It is cash I am holding myself.

Q:That is the best evidence you can give?

Ct:Sorry, what was the evidence? Cash he was holding himself?

A:Cash I am holding on.[note: 147]

Fourth deposit: $122,000 on 20 May 2005

83 The fourth of the seven deposits which Mr Ma claims originates ultimately
from him is the deposit of $122,000 into the Margin Account on 20 May 2005. Mr
Cham describes this deposit in the Spreadsheet as “Deposit for AS”.

84 The documentary evidence shows that Mr Ma drew a cash cheque in the sum of
$100,000 on his Standard Chartered account on 20 May 2005.[note: 148] Mr Ma
testified that he added $22,000 in cash from his previous withdrawals on 2
November 2004 (see [81] above) and paid $122,000 in cash to Mr Cham to
subscribe for a Placement through the Margin Account.

85 Once again, Mr Cham cannot offer an explanation of where the deposit of
$122,000 into the Margin Account came from if not from Mr Ma. His evidence
kept changing. He began by saying that this sum came from money that he had on
hand “in cash form”.[note: 149] He then said that he had withdrawn the money
from a “bank account”. However, he could not say which bank account[note: 150]
and he could not remember “totally” where the money originated from.[note:
151] Less than a minute later, Mr Cham claimed that the money came from a
withdrawal of $150,000 which he had made from the Margin Account on 17
November 2004, 6 months before the deposit in question on 20 May 2005[note:
152] Beyond asserting that this withdrawal of $150,000 was “for my own
personal record the tracking of my funds”,[note: 153] Mr Cham could not
explain why he would withdraw the sum of $150,000 from the Margin Account in
November 2004 and redeposit $122,000 from that cash 6 months later. A few
moments later, Mr Cham again changed his position to say that the _bulk_ of
the $122,000 deposit came from that withdrawal of $150,000 from the Margin
Account and that he had topped it up with other funds,[note: 154] again
without specifics or supporting documentary evidence. All he could say was: “I
am quite clearly (_sic_) I withdraw it from the bank and I had cash with me at
that point in time, yes.”[note: 155]

86 I again found Mr Cham’s evidence thoroughly unconvincing. When I attempted
to clarify for myself whether Mr Cham was merely speculating in the stand as
to the source of this money whether he was testifying as to where the money
came from as a matter of certainty from actual knowledge, Mr Cham’s evidence
became even more confused and confusing, as the following extract shows:

Ct:Where did the cash come from?

A:Besides this 150, I should be holding some other cash with me at the moment,
at that material time.

Ct:Again it sounds like you are guessing when you say “should be”.

A:I had other cash at that moment.

Ct:So now it is a fact?

A:It is a fact.

Ct:So where did that cash come from?

A:Once I got cash with me.

Ct:I know. Where did it come from?

A:My other source of income.

Ct:I mean, which bank account did it come from?

A: _Possibly_ my DBS account.[note: 156]

…

Ct:My question was; you say the bulk of the 122 came from the 150 from the
Maybank account. So the rest must have come from the DBS account?

A:The cash _should be_ from there.

Ct:Should be or was?

A:Was from there.

Ct:It is a fact? You are not guessing?

…

A:I can’t really remember where the cash came from. I was a bit confused.
...[note: 157]

[emphasis added]

87 Mr Cham’s evidence was wholly unreliable. I again found that it was more
likely than not that the $122,000 had come from Mr Ma’s Maybank account, where
a closely corresponding sum was withdrawn on the same date.

Fifth and sixth deposits: $16,500 on 6 Oct 2005 and 8 Nov 2005

88 The fifth and sixth of the seven deposits into the Margin Account which Mr
Ma claims originates ultimately from him are the cash deposits of $6,500 on 6
October 2005 and $10,000 on 8 November 2005. Mr Cham described the $6,500
deposit in the Spreadsheet as “Cash to cover margin”. He described the $10,000
deposit in the Spreadsheet as “Cash to cover margin (from petrol)”.

89 Unlike the previous deposits, Mr Ma is unable to establish a compelling
circumstantial connection between his bank accounts and these two deposits.
When pressed on this issue, Mr Ma responded that it was “a small
amount”,[note: 158] implying that there was no need for him to make a specific
withdrawal in order have sufficient cash to give Mr Cham a total of $6,500 in
cash on one occasion and $10,000 in cash on another. Mr Ma’s bank statements
for 2004 and 2005 were before me as evidence. Mr Ma was obviously a man of
means. It was clear from these statements that Mr Ma frequently dealt in cash
and therefore often made cash withdrawals, particularly from his Maybank
account. Many of these cash withdrawals were of five-figure sums. Accordingly,
I found to be entirely plausible Mr Ma’s explanation that he had cash on hand
of $6,500 on 6 October 2005 and of $10,000 on 8 November 2005.

90 Further, Mr Ma established, by his oral evidence supported by the
documentary evidence, a pattern of funding the Margin Account, mostly in cash
payments handed to Mr Cham, up to the date of these two payments. There was
clear links which established that it was he who funded the initial deposit
and the largest cash deposits into the Margin Account. Mr Cham produced no
documentary evidence that any of the money in the Margin Account up to this
time originated from Mr Cham. Indeed, Mr Cham produced no documentary evidence
even to show that he had _any_ source of funds able to fund the Margin Account
as it had been funded up to this time. The fact that Mr Ma was unable to prove
by documentary evidence that these two relatively small deposits originated
ultimately from his funds was not, in my view, sufficient to displace an
inference on the balance of probabilities that they did. I was therefore
prepared to draw the inference that the $16,500 comprised in the fifth and
sixth deposits also originated from Mr Ma.

91 Even if I am wrong in drawing this inference, it remains the case that the
burden of proving discharge lay on Mr Cham (see [40] – [43] above), not Mr Ma.
Therefore, even if Mr Ma was unable to prove that the total sum of $16,500
credited into the Margin Account on 6 October and 8 November 2005 originated
from him, that would not, in itself, suffice to discharge Mr Cham’s burden. Mr
Cham still bore the burden of establishing his defence that the money he paid
to Mr Ma on 30 October 2006 originated from funds which Mr Cham held as
principal. Mr Cham failed to discharge this burden for these two payments as
he did for all the others.

Seventh deposit: $531,772 on 22 Apr 2006

92 The seventh and last deposit into the Margin Account which Mr Ma claims
originates ultimately from him is a total deposit of $531,772 on 22 April
2006. It is common ground that the purpose of this deposit was for a Placement
of shares in Sino-Environment Technology Group Limited (“Sino”). This total
deposit of $531,772 comprised the deposit of two cheques, both dated 22 April
2006. One of these two cheques was Mr Cham’s cheque drawn in his own favour in
the sum of $265,000.[note: 159] The other was a cheque drawn by one Mr Quek
Yiang Hang (“Mr Quek”) in favour of Mr Cham in the sum of $266,772.[note: 160]
There were three versions of how Mr Quek came to hand a cheque for $266,772 to
Mr Cham. I set out each of the three versions before concluding that whichever
version is true, on my findings, Mr Cham’s defence fails as regards this sum.

Mr Ma’s version

93 Mr Ma proved that he had, true to form, withdrawn the total sum of $500,000
in cash from his Maybank account in 5 withdrawals between 18 April 2006 and 21
April 2006[note: 161] (see items 15 to 19 in the table at [67] above). He
testified that he had $31,772 in cash on hand and that he gave the total sum
of $531,772 in cash to Mr Cham.[note: 162]

94 Mr Ma testified further that _after_ he had given $531,772 in cash to Mr
Cham, he agreed to let Mr Quek take 800,000 shares out of Mr Ma’s placement of
approximately 3.95m shares in Sino.[note: 163] The cost of these 800,000
shares at $0.33 each (totalling $264,000) plus 1% placement agent’s commission
($2,640) and 5% goods and services tax on the commission ($132) came to
precisely $266,772.[note: 164] According to Mr Ma, Mr Quek should have paid
_Mr Ma_ this sum of $266,772 for the 800,000 Sino shares, since Mr Quek’s
shares were coming out of Mr Ma’s allocation and Mr Ma had already put Mr Cham
in funds for the full amount. Instead, because Mr Quek was used to dealing
directly with Mr Cham, Mr Quek paid _Mr Cham_ that sum by the cheque already
mentioned.[note: 165] That is why, said Mr Ma, the Margin Account shows two
deposits on 22 April 2006 of Mr Cham’s cheque for $265,000 and Mr Quek’s
cheque for $266,772 rather than a single deposit of $531,772 either in cash or
by a single cheque drawn by Mr Cham in his own favour, originating ultimately
from the funds handed over by Mr Ma.

Mr Cham’s version

95 Mr Cham’s overarching case on the Margin Account in cross-examination was
that he alone funded the $115,560 initial capital outlay and that all of the
other money in the Margin Account was internally-generated by buying and
selling Placement shares at a profit. He testified that he had “paid in the
initial amount, bought the shares, ... sold it and took out the cash, then ...
put in”[note: 166] (see also [76] above).

96 But it was also Mr Cham’s case that Mr Quek contributed $266,772 out of the
deposit of $531,772 into the Margin Account on 22 April 2006. So for this
deposit, for Mr Cham’s case to be internally consistent, it must be his case
that it was only $265,000 which came from internally-generated funds.

Mr Quek’s version

97 Mr Cham called Mr Quek to give evidence at trial. Mr Quek testified that he
had been acquainted with Mr Ma for about 8 years.[note: 167] He testified also
that he was a client of Mr Cham’s and subscribed for IPOs through him.[note:
168] Mr Quek therefore knew both Mr Cham and Mr Ma well.[note: 169] He was
obviously reluctant to get involved in a dispute between them.[note: 170]

98 Mr Quek could not recall the circumstances that led him to dealing with Mr
Cham in respect of the Sino shares or the circumstances in which he handed his
cheque to Mr Cham.[note: 171] This is not surprising considering that Mr Quek
was testifying over 6 years after these events took place and bearing in mind
that there would have been no reason for Mr Quek to attach any importance to
these events at the time.

99 But Mr Quek was very clear on two points which he repeated throughout his
testimony. The first point is that he had issued his cheque for $266,772 as
short-term _funding_ of the Sino subscription.[note: 172] Significantly, Mr
Quek said in cross-examination that he followed up on this short-term funding
with Mr Ma,[note: 173] and not with Mr Cham. In other words, Mr Quek’s clear
evidence was that he paid the money to Mr Cham as a short-term loan and not to
acquire Sino shares for himself. The second point is that Mr Quek never
received any shares in Sino – 800,000 or otherwise – as a result of this
loan.[note: 174] Mr Quek further testified that he must have been repaid this
short-term loan, because otherwise he would have pursued legal action to
recover it.

My findings

100 I am inclined to accept Mr Quek’s evidence – as a disinterested witness –
that what he paid was short-term funding for the Sino subscription rather than
to acquire the shares. I find also on the balance of probabilities that Mr
Quek extended this short-term funding to Mr Ma and not to Mr Cham. It was
obvious from the tenor of Mr Quek’s evidence that Mr Quek saw Mr Ma (and not
Mr Cham) as the principal and the true accounting party for his transaction.
That is why he followed up on this funding with Mr Ma and not Mr Cham.[note:
175] Further, I accept Mr Quek’s evidence that this sum of $266,772 must have
been repaid to Mr Quek and I find on the balance of probabilities that it must
have been repaid by Mr Ma. On that basis, Mr Quek’s contribution to the Margin
Account was consistent with the fact that Mr Cham was trading as agent for Mr
Ma when he traded through the Margin Account.

101 On these findings, whichever of the three versions is correct, Mr Ma
succeeds and Mr Cham fails. If Mr Ma’s version is correct, then he funded this
payment in entirely in cash. He had a side-deal with Mr Quek, but that side
deal was no concern of Mr Cham and did not alter the nature of Mr Ma’s payment
to Mr Cham. The deposit of $531,772 into the Margin Account originates
ultimately from Mr Ma, not Mr Cham. Accepting Mr Ma’s version means that Mr
Cham was overpaid and failed to account to Mr Ma for the double payment of
$266,772. But that is not the subject-matter of either S478 of S654 and so is
not something I need concern myself with.

102 If Mr Quek’s version is correct, then the sum of $266,772 was short-term
funding which he put into the Margin Account and which he was repaid, as I
have found, by Mr Ma. This inflow of $266,772 was squared off, albeit outside
the Margin Account, and is therefore attributable to Mr Ma. The $265,000 from
Mr Cham’s cheque paid is also attributable to Mr Ma.

103 If Mr Cham’s version is correct, then the cheque for $265,000 which he
wrote to himself originated from funds generated internally, within the Margin
Account, withdrawn and re-deposited. It is ultimately attributable to the
initial capital outlay which, as I have found, is in turn attributable to Mr
Ma. And the $266,772 is Mr Quek’s, not Mr Cham’s. That is sufficient to defeat
Mr Cham’s claim to have discharged his debt to Mr Ma with his own funds
through the Ouhua Payment on 30 October 2006.

104 The result of all this is that on any view, Mr Cham failed to establish on
the balance of probabilities that his payment of $384,000.50 to Mr Cham was
made to discharge the debt of $398,000 owed to Mr Ma or had that effect.

Mr Cham improvises on the stand

105 I also found a feature of Mr Cham’s defence curious. Mr Cham admitted
under cross-examination that the amount he borrowed from Mr Ma was $518,000
(see [11] above). This sum was reduced to $398,000 only because of the
limitation defence. But when considering historical events, the figure
$398,000 is irrelevant: there was no way that Mr Cham could have foretold –
whether on 30 October 2006 at the time of the Ouhua Payment or later – that Mr
Ma would delay commencing action to recover his debt such that $120,000 of his
$518,000 debt would eventually be time-barred.

106 Despite Mr Cham’s admission in cross-examination that he borrowed $518,000
from Mr Ma – and not $384,000 – his defence on the pleadings remained that his
debt to Mr Ma had been entirely discharged on 30 October 2006 by the Ouhua
Payment. His defence therefore amounted to an assertion that a repayment of
$384,000.50 had – at the time of the repayment – discharged a recoverable debt
of $518,000.

107 Mr Cham dealt with this gap by saying that his final payment to Mr Ma’s
representative in July 2007 was for $180,000 (not $191,000) and was the final
part-payment to discharge Mr Cham’s indebtedness to Mr Ma.[note: 176] This
account of events is not foreshadowed by anything found in his affidavit of
evidence in chief or in his pleadings. It was quite clearly an improvisation
in the stand. Quite apart from that, Mr Cham’s new version of events would
mean that he paid Mr Ma $564,000.50 to discharge a debt of $518,000. Mr Cham’s
explanation for this overpayment was that it was Mr Ma who told him that the
final repayment was $180,000 and Mr Cham had no way of checking the figure. I
had no hesitation in rejecting this feeble explanation.

108 The question remains why – before his cross-examination – was Mr Cham so
insistent in his affidavit that he owed Mr Cham only $384,000 and not (as he
later accepted) $518,000? I am driven to the conclusion that Mr Cham chose to
ascribe the figure $384,000 to his debt to Mr Ma in his pleadings and
affidavit in a misconceived attempt to match the Ouhua Payment of $384,000.50.
He was emboldened in this choice of defence by the fact that $384,000 was
fairly close to Mr Ma’s recoverable claim – by the time he got around to
commencing proceedings – of $398,000.

Mr Ma’s claim in S478 is allowed with interest

109 I accordingly allowed Mr Ma’s claim in S478 for the sum of $398,000, with
interest at the rate of 5.33% per annum from the date of the Writ of Summons,
1 July 2010, to the date of judgment, 15 April 2013.

Double-counting not an issue

110 I do not count against Mr Ma the fact that he made a basic double-counting
error in his evidence in chief. His case against Mr Cham was that on 10
October 2004, he advanced Mr Cham $70,000 (see [11] above), comprising part of
the total advances of $518,000. But Mr Ma included this payment of $70,000
also in his narrative of how he had funded the Margin Account. This was an
obvious and basic error. It amounted to double-_counting_ but not double-
_claiming_ : Mr Ma was not asserting a _claim_ to recover the $70,000 from Mr
Cham in S654.

111 In any event, when counsel for Mr Cham pointed out the double-counting
during cross-examination,[note: 177] Mr Ma conceded that that was indeed the
case. I find that this double-counting does not in any way affect Mr Ma’s
overall credibility or his claim in S478.

Mr Cham’s claim and Mr Ma’s counterclaim in S654

112 Mr Cham’s claim in S654 centres on a banker’s cheque from the Margin
Account dated 25 October 2006[note: 178] in the sum of $1,121,660. Mr Cham
claimed that this was his loan to Mr Ma to purchase shares in Enviro-Hub.

113 Mr Ma’s counterclaim in S654 was for an account of the trading done
through the Margin Account. This was on the basis that Mr Cham was acting, at
all material times, as the agent of Mr Ma and therefore as his fiduciary.

114 I do not accept Mr Cham’s case on the facts: Mr Ma had no need to borrow
money from Mr Cham and Mr Cham had no means to lend Mr Ma the Enviro-Hub
Payment. As for the counterclaim, I decline to exercise my discretion to grant
Mr Ma the equitable remedy of an account.

Margin Account belonged to Mr Ma

115 I have found in the preceding analysis that Mr Cham held the money in the
Margin Account as agent for Mr Ma. I have also found that the bulk of the
money originated ultimately from Mr Ma or – at the very least – not from Mr
Cham. As Mr Ma’s agent, Mr Cham acted, at all material times, as a fiduciary
of Mr Ma. Further, Mr Cham acted with Mr Ma’s knowledge, consent and authority
when he subscribed for various Placements through the Margin Account.

116 Where an agent simply holds for his principal without any breach of
fiduciary obligation, P G Watts, _Bowstead & Reynolds on Agency_ (Sweet &
Maxwell 2010, 19th Ed) states (at para 6-041) that it is possible that
proprietary rights can pass to the agent who receives money from the
principal:

... The analogy with trust might be taken to suggest first, that when an agent
holds title to money or other property for his principal, he always does so
(in situations where the principal does not himself own it) as trustee. This
would often be impractical and has never been the rule. It is perfectly
possible for property so held, especially money, to be the agent’s own, and
mixed with his own assets subject only to a duty to transfer or account for it
to his principal. Equally however he may certainly hold as trustee.

Sometimes the answer turns on the contract between principal and agent. It is
clear in this context and in general that the existence of a contractual
relationship of debtor and creditor between the parties does not prevent the
existence of a simultaneous trust relationship, or a fiduciary relationship of
a less onerous nature, involving nevertheless that certain money or property
is held on trust. Thus it may be provided expressly between principal and
agent that money received is so held. At other times, the intention to create
a trust may be inferred; the matter turns on the objective interpretation,
according to general principles, of the intentions of the parties. Equally, it
is possible that a person may be appointed agent to collect moneys owed a
principal, such as rent, but then have the express right to have recourse to
those funds for discharge of obligations owed by the principal to the agent
(whether or not those obligations relate to the agency relationship).

117 There are therefore two possible ways to analyse the money in the Margin
Account: either (1) Mr Cham had a duty _in personam_ to account for that money
and to return it to Mr Ma together with any profits derived on it; or (2) Mr
Cham held the money on trust for Mr Ma and it therefore remained Mr Ma’s
property in equity.

118 Mr Cham claims, in his closing submissions, that in the absence of a trust
agreement between the parties, Mr Ma cannot claim that the money in the Margin
Account belonged to him in equity.[note: 179] Mr Ma countered by submitting
that the parties clearly intended that the money was to be held on
trust.[note: 180] But whether the money was held on trust is beside the point.
The claims in both S478 and in S654 do not turn on whether Mr Ma was the owner
in equity of the money in the Margin Account. Both claims were claims in debt.
Both claims involved a payment by Mr Cham from the Margin Account to a third
party on Mr Ma’s behalf. But if Mr Cham made these payments as an agent
accounting to Mr Ma as his principal, these payments cannot at the same time
be an advance of money to Mr Ma or the discharge of a debt owed by Mr Cham to
Mr Ma outside the agency relationship. A finding to that effect suffices to
dispose entirely of Mr Cham’s claim in S654.

119 There was no evidence of an express agency agreement defining the scope of
Mr Cham’s obligations to Mr Ma. It was thus not possible for me to infer the
necessary intention to constitute Mr Cham a trustee for Mr Ma. But as an
agent, Mr Cham owed a personal fiduciary duty to Mr Ma to account to Mr Ma for
the money that he had received and invested through the Margin Account.
Ultimately, Mr Cham had at least an _in personam_ obligation to return the
money and the profits derived on it to Mr Ma. That is all Mr Cham did when he
made the Ouhua Payment and the Enviro-Hub Payment. Neither payment had the
effect of discharging Mr Cham’s debt to Mr Ma or rendering Mr Ma indebted to
Mr Cham.

120 There is no need for me to go further and consider any express trust
relationship between the parties. There is also no need for me to consider
whether the Mr Cham held the money in the Margin Account and the income
derived on it on a resulting trust for Mr Ma.

121 Given my finding that Mr Cham _did not_ make a loan of over $1.1m to Mr
Ma, it is not strictly necessary to consider whether Mr Ma _would have_
borrowed from Mr Cham or whether Mr Cham _could have_ made such a large loan
to Mr Ma. However, I am fortified in my finding against Mr Cham in S654 by
additional findings that Mr Ma did not need to borrow money from Mr Cham and
that Mr Cham did not have the resources to lend $1.1m to Mr Ma in October
2006.

Mr Ma did not need to borrow from Mr Cham

122 Mr Ma established that he had no need to borrow money from Mr Cham. I have
already observed that Mr Ma was a man of means. Mr Ma established through
documentary evidence that in and around October 2006 – at the time of the
Enviro-Hub Payment – he had $3.5m on 7-day deposit at Maybank[note: 181] and
$1.2m in a current account with Standard Chartered Bank.[note: 182]

123 It is true that even on Mr Ma’s case, he borrowed money to purchase the
Ouhua shares and the Enviro-Hub shares. The only difference in substance
between Mr Ma’s case and Mr Cham’s case was that Mr Ma asserted that he was
borrowing from Maybank rather than from Mr Cham. When pressed on why Mr Ma
felt the need to borrow from Maybank, Mr Ma explained that leveraging
investments in this manner was a common financial and investment
practice.[note: 183] I accept Mr Ma’s explanation. There is nothing unusual
about a person who has substantial cash deposits entering into short-term
borrowing arrangements with a bank or other financial institution to make a
leveraged investment with the intention of using the eventual capital gains
from that investment to repay the debt, the accrued interest and the carrying
costs of the investment. There is, however, something very unusual about a
person who has substantial cash deposits borrowing money from a subordinate.

Mr Cham did not have the means to lend this sum of money

124 I also find that Mr Cham did not have the means at the time of the Enviro-
Hub Payment to lend Mr Ma a sum of over $1.1m. Mr Cham earned $1,800 to $2,300
a month at World of Sports Pte Ltd.[note: 184] He earned $2,300 to $2,400 a
month at Trans Island Bus Services.[note: 185] He earned a salary of $2,800 a
month at MSM Holdings Pte Ltd.[note: 186] He earned a salary of $3,200 per
month at Snoopy Restaurants.[note: 187] When pressed on how much he made from
his F&B business in 2004 and 2005, Mr Cham testified that he paid himself
around $3,300 per month.[note: 188] Mr Cham testified that he did not receive
any director’s fees from Fullerton.[note: 189] Mr Cham claimed that he drew a
salary from Fullerton but he was unable to give even a rough figure of what
that salary was.[note: 190] When it was pointed out to him that the October
2006 Accounts for Fullerton did not reflect the payment of a salary to him, Mr
Cham conveniently changed his position to say that he drew his salary from
Fullerton before October 2006.[note: 191] When pressed on the issue, Mr Cham
came back the next day to say that he earned about $6,000 a month with
Fullerton.[note: 192] Fullerton did not issue dividends.[note: 193] Mr Cham
earned no salary at InvestCapital, although Mr Ma gave Mr Cham _ex gratia_
payments in cash from time to time when InvestCapital’s investments made a
profit.[note: 194] At OneEquity, Mr Cham earned a gross salary of $63,000 for
the 9-month period from July 2006 to March 2007,[note: 195] averaging $7,000
per month. Mr Cham could not have saved up over $1.1m from his income by the
time of the Enviro-Hub Payment.

125 There was also no evidence that Mr Cham’s pre-existing asset base could
have put him in a position to lend over $1.1m to Mr Ma in October 2006. Mr
Cham said that he was doing well in the financial markets conducting
transactions with Fullerton. Mr Cham did not, however, provide any evidence of
his net worth at the material time. It did Mr Cham no favours that he failed
to disclose evidence to support his claim of having played financier to a
wealthy businessman.

126 I also find it inconceivable that Mr Cham would leave a genuine debt of
over $1.1m unclaimed from 25 October 2006 until 27 August 2010, which is when
Mr Cham was finally stirred into commencing S654. I do not accept that the
Enviro-Hub Payment was such an insignificant sum that Mr Cham could, as he
claimed, afford to write it off as a “bad debt”.[note: 196] Mr Cham’s
inactivity for almost 4 years up to 27 August 2010 coupled with his haste in
commencing S654 after 1 July 2010, when Mr Ma commenced S478, made clear to me
that S654 was nothing more than an afterthought and a groundless retaliatory
strike against Mr Ma for having commenced S478.

127 That disposes of Mr Cham’s claim in S654.

Mr Ma’s counterclaim in S654

128 Although there was a fiduciary relationship between Mr Cham (as agent) and
Mr Ma (as principal) in relation to the Margin Account, I decline to exercise
my discretion in favour of granting Mr Ma the equitable remedy of an account
against Mr Cham of his dealings in the Margin Account.

129 Mr Cham’s Spreadsheet[note: 197] provides details of all the transactions
put through the Margin Account. Mr Ma does not dispute the truth or accuracy
of the Spreadsheet as an account of these transactions. Quite the contrary: Mr
Ma bases virtually his entire case in S478 on the Spreadsheet being true and
accurate. Mr Ma also relies on the Spreadsheet to establish his defence to Mr
Cham’s claim in S654. He therefore must be taken to accept the truth and
accuracy of the Spreadsheet for the purposes of his counterclaim in S654 also.

130 The Margin Account was closed in 2007. This was three years before Mr Ma
commenced S478 and 6 years before trial. When Mr Cham ceased his collaboration
with Mr Ma, he left the Spreadsheet behind at Mr Ma’s office premises. That is
where Mr Ma found it. The remaining money in the Margin Account was returned
to Mr Ma. Miss Mi Win Win Maw, who handled Mr Ma’s finances at the time,
testified that Mr Cham gave her, as Mr Ma’s representative, $191,000 in cash
being the remaining money in the Margin Account together with his original
withdrawal slip. She then deposited $190,000 in cash into Mr Ma’s Maybank
account and gave the remaining $1,000 to Mr Ma as cash in hand.[note: 198]
This was sometime in July 2007. The parties’ conduct shows that as far as they
were concerned, all issues relating to the Margin Account had been tied up and
resolved with its closure and the handing over of the account balance to Mr Ma
by his representative, Ms Mi Win Win Maw.

131 Mr Ma admitted as much when he was cross-examined on the matter. When
asked about the alleged loan from Mr Cham to Mr Ma, Mr Ma testified:

But this Maybank margin account, since July 07, more or less has been closed
or – although I shouldn’t use the word “closed” – has been – because I already
instructed him to sell all the remaining share [_sic_] in this Maybank margin
account as of July 07 and he did pass me the cash, 191,000, to my staff with –
to show the balance 700-over dollars.[note: 199]

132 When pressed further on the matter, Mr Ma’s evidence was that he had
considered the matter resolved until it was re-opened in S654:

Q:Your counterclaim, your counterclaim in 654, you would have started at the
[sic] at the same time as suit 478?

A:To me in July 2007, your Honour, once he pass the final balance, 191,000, I
told my people enough is enough. So to do this to me is consider -- I consider
more or less this matter resolved.

Q:I see. So now you come to this court to say that you thought that the matter
is resolved --

A:No, no, no, it is not.

Q:\-- when the payment of 190,000 was done?

A:No, no, no, no at that time, at that time. Until he countersue me for
654.[note: 200]

133 In the circumstances, I am not satisfied that Mr Ma requires an account or
that it was just to order Mr Cham to render one, particularly in light of Mr
Ma’s delay in pursuing his claim for this equitable remedy. I accordingly
dismissed Mr Ma’s counterclaim in S654.

134 Since I decline to exercise my discretion to award Mr Ma the equitable
remedy of an account, I need not consider Mr Cham’s submissions on laches or
on Mr Ma’s alleged lack of clean hands.

Conclusion

135 For the reasons given above, I allowed Mr Ma’s claim in S478 and dismissed
both Mr Cham’s claim and Mr Ma’s counterclaim in S654.

136 I note finally that the parties have incorrectly drawn up my order as to
costs in the judgment entered in this case.[note: 201] In the judgment which
they have drawn up and extracted, they have recorded me as awarding Mr Ma half
the costs of S478 and ordering each party to bear his own costs in S654. That
is not what I ordered. S478 and S654 were consolidated and were inextricably
bound up together. All of the documents and evidence in S478 were relevant to
the matters in question in S654 and vice versa. I therefore did not consider
it possible accurately to separate and to apportion the costs of the two
suits. That is why I took as my starting point the total costs of the entire
consolidated actions and awarded half of those total costs to Mr Ma, bearing
in mind that he succeeded in his claim in S478 and succeeded in his defence in
S654 but failed in his counterclaim in S654. At the parties’ request, I fixed
the costs which Mr Cham was to pay Mr Ma at $65,000 plus half the
disbursements of the consolidated suit.

* * *

[note: 1]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [20] and page 159 and
161.

[note: 2]Bundle of Pleadings, p 23, [2].

[note: 3]Agreed Bundle (“AB”) p 283 – 284.

[note: 4]Bundle of Pleadings, p 23, [4].

[note: 5]AB p 274 – 275.

[note: 6]Bundle of Pleadings, p55, [1] – [3]. ,

[note: 7]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [11].

[note: 8]_Ibid_., [12].

[note: 9]_Ibid_., [12].

[note: 10]_Ibid_., [5] – [10].

[note: 11]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [3].

[note: 12]_Ibid_.

[note: 13]_Ibid_., [4].

[note: 14]_Ibid_., [4].

[note: 15]_Ibid_., page 34.

[note: 16]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [31].

[note: 17]_Ibid_., [14].

[note: 18]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [31].

[note: 19]Transcript, 30 January 2013 at 15:51 pm.

[note: 20]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [6] .

[note: 21]_Ibid_., [5] – [6].

[note: 22]_Ibid_., [5]; AB p 171 – 175.

[note: 23]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [23].

[note: 24]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [7]; [24].

[note: 25]_Ibid_., [6].

[note: 26]_Ibid_., [24] – [25].

[note: 27]AB p 223 – 227; AB p 253 – 254.

[note: 28]_Ibid_., [8].

[note: 29]_Ibid_., [25] – [28].

[note: 30]_Ibid_., p 105.

[note: 31]_Ibid_., [29].

[note: 32]_Ibid_., [7].

[note: 33]_Ibid_.

[note: 34]_Ibid_., p 163 and 167.

[note: 35]_Ibid_., [22].

[note: 36]_Ibid_., [21], [22], p 163 –183.

[note: 37]_Ibid_., [21].

[note: 38]_Ibid_., [21].

[note: 39]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [20].

[note: 40]_Ibid_., [22].

[note: 41]AB p 346.

[note: 42]Transcript, 28 January 2013, p 56 line 23 to p 64 line 23.

[note: 43]Transcript, 30 January 2013, p 99, line 25 to p 100, line 11.

[note: 44]Transcript, 30 January 2013 at 3.08 pm.

[note: 45]_Ibid._ , p 100, line 15.

[note: 46]_Ibid._ , p 103, line 16.

[note: 47]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [28] and Transcript,
30 January 2013, p 120, lines 6 – 21.

[note: 48]Transcript, 30 January 2013, p 121, lines 15-18.

[note: 49]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [9].

[note: 50]_Ibid_., [10].

[note: 51]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [23].

[note: 52]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [10].

[note: 53]_Ibid_., [10].

[note: 54]_Ibid_., [11].

[note: 55]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [23].

[note: 56]_Ibid_., [26].

[note: 57]_Ibid_., [27].

[note: 58]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [25]; [26]; [28].

[note: 59]_Ibid_., [27].

[note: 60]_Ibid_., [6], [8], [9], [22]. [29].

[note: 61]Transcript, 31 January 2013, p 104, lines 7 – 20.

[note: 62]_Ibid._ , p 105, line 2.

[note: 63]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [6], [10] and [22].

[note: 64]_Ibid_., p 37.

[note: 65]_Ibid_., [10].

[note: 66]_Ibid._ , [9].

[note: 67]Transcript, 30 January 2013, p 120, line 6.

[note: 68]_Ibid_., [19].

[note: 69]_Ibid_., [20].

[note: 70]_Ibid_., p 159; 161.

[note: 71]AB, p 379.

[note: 72]Bundle of Pleadings, p 4.

[note: 73]_Ibid_., p 9.

[note: 74]_Ibid_.

[note: 75]_Ibid_., p 18.

[note: 76]_Ibid_., p 23.

[note: 77]_Ibid_., p 34.

[note: 78]_Ibid_., p 34, [4].

[note: 79]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [33].

[note: 80]_Ibid_., [31] – [32].

[note: 81]_Ibid_., [43]; p 153 – 154.

[note: 82]Transcript, 30 January 2013 at 3:51-3:52pm.

[note: 83]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [3].

[note: 84]Transcript, 30 January 2013, p 111 line 24 – p 112 line 1.

[note: 85]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [3].

[note: 86]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [17] – [18].

[note: 87]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [6].

[note: 88]_Ibid_., [19].

[note: 89]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [21].

[note: 90]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [9].

[note: 91]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [27] – [28].

[note: 92]Bundle of Pleadings, p 23, [2].

[note: 93]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [31].

[note: 94]_Ibid_., [34] – [40].

[note: 95]_Ibid_., [38].

[note: 96]AB p 141.

[note: 97]Transcript, 31 January 2013, p 65 lines 20 – 22; p 108, lines 4 –
18.

[note: 98]_Ibid_., p 106, line 8.

[note: 99]_Ibid_., p 106, line 21.

[note: 100]AB p 29 – 30; AB p 32 – 43; AB p 61 – 65; AB p 69 – 76; AB p 79 –
82; AB p 123 – 126; AB p 135 – 138.

[note: 101]AB p 135.

[note: 102]AB p 137.

[note: 103]AB p 147.

[note: 104]AB p 177.

[note: 105]AB p 179.

[note: 106]AB p 181.

[note: 107]AB p 183.

[note: 108]AB p 185.

[note: 109]AB p 187.

[note: 110]AB p 189.

[note: 111]AB p 192.

[note: 112]AB p 202.

[note: 113]AB p 214; AB p 216.

[note: 114]AB p 255.

[note: 115]AB p 288.

[note: 116]AB p 294.

[note: 117]AB p 318.

[note: 118]AB p 325.

[note: 119]AB p 330.

[note: 120]AB p 336.

[note: 121]AB p 338.

[note: 122]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [58].

[note: 123]AB p 1.

[note: 124]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, p 233.

[note: 125]_Ibid_.

[note: 126]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, p 185.

[note: 127]Transcript, 29 January 2013, p 16, lines 3 – 5 and p 17, lines 1 –
5.

[note: 128]Transcript, 29 January 2013, p 13, lines 12 – 14.

[note: 129]Transcript, 1 February 2013, p 67, lines 1 – 7.

[note: 130]AB p 3.

[note: 131]P1-W.

[note: 132]Transcript, 30 January 2013, p 107, lines 3 – 16.

[note: 133]_Ibid_., lines 22 – 24.

[note: 134]Cham Poh Meng’s Closing Submissions, [114].

[note: 135]Transcript, 29 Jan 2013, p 31, lines 3 – 10.

[note: 136]Transcript, 1 February 2013, p 55, line 23.

[note: 137]Transcript, 1 February 2013, p 56, lines 6 – 10.

[note: 138]Transcript, 31 January 2013, p 135 line 25 – p 136 line 6.

[note: 139]AB p 128.

[note: 140]AB p 130.

[note: 141]Transcript 29 January 2013, p 40, lines 7 – 9.

[note: 142]AB p 1.

[note: 143]Transcript 1 February 2013, p 73, lines 2-5.

[note: 144]AB p 132.

[note: 145]AB p 133.

[note: 146]Transcript 29 January 2012, p 48, lines 14 – 21 and p 49 lines 2 –
7.

[note: 147]Transcript, 1 February 2013, p 75 line 6 – p 76 line 4.

[note: 148]AB p 176.

[note: 149]Transcript, 1 February 2013, p 80, line 2.

[note: 150]_Ibid_., p 80, lines 4 – 22.

[note: 151]_Ibid_., p 82, lines 1 – 4.

[note: 152]_Ibid_., p 82, lines 9 – 10.

[note: 153]_Ibid_., p 83, lines 19 – 20.

[note: 154]_Ibid._ , p 85, lines 11 – 16.

[note: 155]_Ibid._ , p 85, lines 21 – 22.

[note: 156]_Ibid._ , p 86, lines 8 – 23.

[note: 157]_Ibid._ , p 87, lines 6 – 16.

[note: 158]Transcript, 29 January 2013, p 55, line 19.

[note: 159]AB p 207.

[note: 160]Quek Yiang Hang’s affidavit of evidence in chief, QYH-1.

[note: 161]AB p 218.

[note: 162]Ma Ong Kee’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [37.7].

[note: 163]_Ibid_., [38].

[note: 164]_Ibid_., [39].

[note: 165]_Ibid_., [38]-[39].

[note: 166]Transcript 31 January 2013, p 138, line 16 – p 139 line 4.

[note: 167]Transcript 31 January 2013, p 80, lines 5 – 11.

[note: 168]Transcript 31 January 2013, p 79, lines 10 – 20.

[note: 169]Transcript 31 January 2013, p 87, lines 5 – 8.

[note: 170]Transcript 31 January 2013, p 87, lines 2 – 4.

[note: 171]Transcript 31 January 2013, p 83 line 11 – 15.

[note: 172]Transcript 31 January 2013, p 82 lines 12 – 14; p 83 line 9 – 10; p
84, lines 4 – 6; p 85 line 4 – 5; p 85 lines 8 – 9; p 91 lines 19 – 20; p 93,
lines 20 – 23.

[note: 173]Transcript 31 January 2013, p 90, lines 11– 18.

[note: 174]Transcript 31 January 2013, p 84 lines 13 -– 15; p 84 lines 21 – p
85 line 2;p 85 lines 18 – 21; p 86 lines 12 – 13; p89 lines 6 – 8; p 91 lines
16 – 17.

[note: 175]Transcript 31 January 2013, p 90, lines 11 – 18.

[note: 176]Transcript, 31 January 2013, p 27 line 1 – p 28 line 6.

[note: 177]Transcript 29 January 2013, p 33 line 13 to p 39 line 24.

[note: 178]AB p 274.

[note: 179]Cham Poh Meng’s Closing Submissions, [61].

[note: 180]Ma Ong Kee’s Reply Submissions, [26].

[note: 181]AB p 240; AB p 277.

[note: 182]AB273; AB293.

[note: 183]Transcript, 30 January 2013, p 18– 20.

[note: 184]Cham Poh Meng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, [12]; Transcript,
30 January 2013 at 3.16 pm.

[note: 185]Transcript, 30 January 2013 at 3.20 pm.

[note: 186]_Ibid_.

[note: 187]AB p 66.

[note: 188]Transcript, 31 January 2013, p 116, lines 16 –17.

[note: 189]_Ibid._ , p 118, lines 22 – 25.

[note: 190]_Ibid._ , p 120 – 121.

[note: 191]_Ibid._ , p 122, lines 20 – 23.

[note: 192]Transcript, 1 February 2013, p 42.

[note: 193]Transcript, 31 January 2013, p 119, lines 1-7.

[note: 194]Transcript, 28 January 2013, p 50, lines 13 to 23.

[note: 195]AB p 333; AB p 362.

[note: 196]Transcript, 31 January 2013, p 33, lines 24 – 25.

[note: 197]AB p 1 – 2.

[note: 198]Transcript, 30 January 2013, p 65, lines 11 – 25.

[note: 199]_Ibid._ , p 9, lines 13 – 19.

[note: 200]_Ibid._ , p 10, lines 9-20.

[note: 201]JUD 217/2013.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

