Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ryobi-Kiso (S) Pte Ltd _v_ Lum Chang Building Contractors Pte Ltd and
another  
[2013] SGHC 86

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 720 of 2012/G  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 April 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Irving Choh and Lim Bee Li (RHTLAW Taylor Wessing LLP)
for the Plaintiff; Chew Yee Teck Eric (JLim & Chew Law Corporation) for the
1st Defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ryobi-Kiso (S) Pte Ltd — Lum Chang Building Contractors Pte Ltd
and another  
  
24 April 2013|  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

Introduction

1 The case before me concerned an application by way of originating summons
for an injunction against a call on a performance bond under a construction
contract. After the hearing on 1 October 2012, I dismissed the application
with the usual consequential costs orders. As the plaintiff applicant has
appealed against my decision, I set out the grounds for my decision.

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff is a piling specialist (“the Plaintiff”) while the first
defendant is a civil and building contractor (“the 1st Defendant”). The second
defendant is an insurance company (“the 2nd Defendant”) which issued the
performance bond that is the subject of this application.

3 The 1st Defendant is the main contractor for Contract 912 _viz_ the “Design
and Construction of Station at Bukit Panjang and Tunnels for Downtown Line
Stage 2 at Woodlands Road and Upper Bukit Timah”. The employer of the 1st
Defendant for Contract 912 is the Land Transport Authority (“LTA”), pursuant
to a contract dated 17 June 2009 which the latter entered into with the 1st
Defendant (“the Main Contract”).

4 The Plaintiff was engaged by the 1st Defendant under a sub-contract dated 11
February 2010 (“the Sub-Contract”). The Sub-Contract was for part of the works
under the Main Contract.

The Performance Bond under the Sub-Contract

5 Pursuant to cl 3(a) of the Sub-Contract,[note: 1] the Plaintiff provided the
1st Defendant with an unconditional performance bond in the sum of $1.88m
which was issued by the 2nd Defendant on 1 June 2010 (“the Performance Bond”).
The Performance Bond was 10% of the Sub-Contract price of $18.8m.

The Sub-Contract Works

Donuts & Peanuts and Zone 2 Station Box

6 The scope of the works covered by the Sub-Contract is detailed in cl 1 of
Part 1 of the Schedule in the Sub-Contract:[note: 2]

The Sub-Contract Works to be executed by the Sub-Contractor shall be the
Construction and Completion of Foundation, Kingposts/Deckposts, Secant and
Contiguous Bored Piles for Station Box (known as “Zone 2”) and under BPLRT
[Bukit Panjang Light Rail Transit] Viaduct (known as “Donuts & Peanuts”) to
Downtown Line Stage 2 for Contract 912 in compliance with the Sub-Contract and
the Main Contract.

In essence, the Sub-Contract scope of works shall be deemed to include, but
not limited to, the following description of the major items:

...

The works therefore involved carrying out piling and associated works under
the existing Bukit Panjang Light Rail and alongside or nearby busy road
junctions and a station box for a future MRT line and station. The road
junctions involved busy traffic intersections of Upper Bukit Timah, Woodlands,
Bukit Panjang and Choa Chu Kang Roads.

7 I shall refer to the general scope of the Plaintiff’s works as “the Sub-
Contract Works”. The two locations where the Sub-Contract Works were to be
performed are described as Donut & Peanuts and Zone 2 Station Box. The
completion times for the Sub-Contract Works are spelt out in Part 3 of the
Schedule.[note: 3] Work for Donuts & Peanuts was to be completed within 1
April 2010 to 30 September 2010, while work for Zone 2 Station Box was to be
completed within 1 March 2010 to 31 May 2011. Clause 5 of Part 3 of the
Schedule sets out the liquidated damages for delay in completion of works for
Donuts & Peanuts and Zone 2 Station Box.

8 According to the 1st Defendant, the works for Donuts & Peanuts and Zone 2
Station Box exceeded the maximum time stipulated for completion by 152 days
and 332 days respectively.[note: 4] If the Plaintiff is liable for the total
number of days which exceeded the relevant completion dates, its total
liability would be $7.26m. The 1st Defendant’s Project Director filed an
affidavit setting out the delays caused by the Plaintiffs.[note: 5] These
include delays in submitting Method Statements and drawings (which were
required before approvals could be obtained from the various authorities for
works to be carried out), poor planning and mobilisation, 3-months delay in
the foregoing for the LTA Development & Building Control Division clearance
for works under the Bukit Panjang Light Rail viaduct, using less powerful and
slower low-headroom piling equipment where there were no headroom
restrictions. Of course, the Plaintiff denied liability for the late
completion.[note: 6]

Termination of the Sub-Contract and Stage 4 Works

9 In or about May 2012, the 1st Defendant’s project manager, Mr K S Rao (“Mr
Rao”), called the Plaintiff twice, asking them to submit a programme for the
next phase of the Sub-Contract Works (“the Stage 4 Works”).[note: 7] Under cl
22(a) of the Sub-Contract,[note: 8] the Plaintiff was obliged to provide
information, or programmes, of the arrangements and sequence which it proposed
to adopt for the execution of the Sub-Contract Works. It should be noted that
the 1st Defendant had already previously asked the Plaintiff for such a
programme, for instance, by a letter dated 12 April 2012.[note: 9] The
Plaintiff’s reply then was that pursuant to a letter by the 1st Defendant
dated 12 July 2011 (“the 12 July 2011 Letter”), the Stage 4 Works had been
deleted from the Sub-Contract Works.[note: 10] A series of correspondence then
followed in April in which the 1st Defendant insisted that there was no
deletion and the Plaintiff insisted the converse.[note: 11] However, at the
time of Mr Rao’s telephone calls, the Plaintiff stood by its position that it
was not carrying out the Stage 4 Works as those works had been deleted from
the Sub-Contract Works unless they were treated as a variation for which
additional payment would be required (see [11] below).

10 I digress for the moment to explain the significance of the 12 July 2011
Letter. That letter was sent by the 1st Defendant to remind the Plaintiff to
complete certain piles by 30 September 2011. This was just another letter in a
series of letters from the 1st Defendant to the Plaintiff recording the poor
performance of the Plaintiff which was causing delays. The 12 July 2011 Letter
ended with:[note: 12]

Lastly, please note that _in order to reduce your load_ , we have piles in
front of Ten Mile Junction be carried out (_sic_) by Zap Piling behalf (_sic_)
of Ryobi Kiso to avoid further delay to the piling works and subsequent
activity. ...

[emphasis added]

The Plaintiff treated the 1st Defendant’s employment of Zap Piling Pte Ltd
(“ZPPL”) pursuant to the 12 July 2011 Letter to do part of the Sub-Contract
Works as a breach of contract.[note: 13] Nevertheless, the Plaintiff and ZPPL
continued to carry out their respective parts of the Sub-Contract Works.

11 However, some 10 months later, when it came to the Stage 4 Works (which
were part of the Sub-contract Works), the Plaintiff told the 1st Defendant
that the scope of the Sub-Contract Works had been varied as a result of the
1st Defendant’s employment of ZPPL such that the Stage 4 Works would be
considered a variation for which additional payment was required.[note: 14]
The Plaintiff forwarded to the 1st Defendant its proposed quote and schedule
of the programme for the Stage 4 Works on 4 June 2012 which showed that the
works would extend to mid-August 2012. On the same day, the 1st Defendant
terminated the Sub-Contract with the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff commenced the
first adjudication application on 7 June 2012 for security of payments of
$5.37m as the total sum of Progress Payment No 27 under the Sub-Contract (“AA
SOP 52”). The Plaintiff commenced a second adjudication application for
another $4.52m in relation to payments for another subcontract relating to the
construction of diaphragm walls (“AA SOP 53”). I shall refer to AA SOP 52 and
AA SOP 53 collectively as “the Adjudications”.

12 The 1st Defendants point out that they were initially forced to take some
work out of the Plaintiff’s hands and engage ZPPL as the Plaintiff was
seriously delayed in the performance of their obligations. When it came to the
Stage 4 Works, it was due to commence on the 11 June 2012. There was a planned
major road diversion, arranged with the various authorities, from 10 June 2012
which involved the busy Upper Bukit Timah, Woodlands, Bukit Panjang and Choa
Chu Kang road junction. It appears that these works around this diversion had
to be completed by July 2012. Yet, at this crucial point in time, according to
the 1st Defendant’s case, the Plaintiff held them to ransom by making a claim
that the Stage 4 Works was a variation and which they said would extend into
mid-August 2012.

13 As a result of the above circumstances, the 1st Defendant engaged ZPPL to
do the Stage 4 Works. The contract with ZPPL was formally entered into on 24
July 2012 at a cost of $1.27m.[note: 15] This was an additional $0.64m more
than what the 1st Defendant would have had to pay the Plaintiff had the latter
performed the Stage 4 Works.[note: 16] ZPPL appears to have completed the
Stage 4 Works by 29 July 2012.[note: 17]

Present proceedings – Originating Summons No 720 of 2012/G

14 On 13 July 2012, the 1st Defendant called on the Performance Bond (“the
Call”) on the grounds of the Plaintiff’s breaches of the Sub-Contract.[note:
18] The Plaintiff then commenced these proceedings to restrain the 1st
Defendant from receiving the proceeds of the Call.

15 On 27 July 2012, the Plaintiff commenced the present proceedings seeking,
_inter alia_ , a declaration that the 1st Defendant be restrained from
receiving payment under the Call, and that the 2nd Defendant be restrained
from making payment pursuant to the Call. I should just add that the
substantive dispute(s) between the parties is subject to an ongoing
arbitration which was commenced on 27 September 2012. When I dismissed the
application, I did say to counsel that the substantive dispute(s) in this
matter has to be resolved by arbitration.

Parties’ respective cases

Plaintiff’s case

16 The Plaintiff contended that the Call was unconscionable as there was a
genuine dispute as to whether the 1st Defendant had breached the Sub-Contract
either by removing part of the works under the Sub-Contract Works to be
performed by ZPPL, or by terminating the Sub-Contract altogether. The Call, in
the Plaintiff’s view, was not in good faith, clearly oppressive, and should be
construed as a bullying tactic. Even though the Plaintiff insisted that it did
not know the reason why the 1st Defendant issued the Call,[note: 19] it
speculated that the Call appears to be vindictive. The Plaintiff pointed to
the decisions from the Adjudications on 10 and 12 July 2012 in which the 1st
Defendant was ordered to pay the Plaintiff $1.86m as a possible trigger for
the Call which happened on 13 July 2012, the day after the second adjudication
decision.

1st Defendant’s case

17 The 1st Defendant agreed that unconscionability is a ground upon which the
court can grant an injunction restraining the beneficiary of a performance
bond from calling on the bond.[note: 20] However, it denied that it had acted
unconscionably. The 1st Defendant claimed that the Plaintiff’s allegations of,
_inter alia_ , bad faith, oppression, bullying, are speculative, bare and
unsupported by evidence. On the 1st Defendant’s part, they have exhibited
evidence in relation to the Plaintiff’s delays and breaches. The 1st
Defendant’s case was that it did not breach the Sub-Contract by engaging ZPPL
or by terminating the Sub-Contract. It pointed to the 12 July 2011 Letter
where it was said that ZPPL would do the works on the Plaintiff’s behalf. As
for termination, the 1st Defendant contended that it did so because the
Plaintiff refused to carry out the Stage 4 Works. At the same time, the 1st
Defendant also pointed out that it had genuine claims against the Plaintiff in
liquidated damages for late completion, the extra costs incurred by having to
engage ZPPL, and overpayments made to the Plaintiff.[note: 21] In these
circumstances, the 1st Defendant was merely protecting its own interest by
calling on the Performance Bond,[note: 22] an act which was done _bona fide_.

Grounds for my decision

The relevant legal principles

18 Whatever label the Plaintiff attached to the 1st Defendant’s conduct in
making the Call, it is clear that the Plaintiff’s case is founded on
unconscionability. The concept of unconscionability in the context of
restraining calls on performance bonds, as accepted in Singapore by the Court
of Appeal in _Dauphin Offshore Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd v The Private
Office of HRH Sheikh Sultan bin Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan_ [2000] 1 SLR(R)
117 (“ _Dauphin Offshore_ ”) at [45], involves:

... unfairness, as distinct from dishonesty or fraud, or _conduct of a kind so
reprehensible or lacking in good faith_ that a court of conscience would
either restrain the party or refuse to assist the party. _Mere breaches of
contract by the party in question_ ... _would not by themselves be
unconscionable_. ...

[emphasis in original]

19 Instances of when it would be considered unconscionable to call on a
performance bond were helpfully summarised by the Court of Appeal in _Dauphin
Offshore_ (at [46]):

... (a) in  _Kvaerner Singapore Pte Ltd v UDL Shipbuilding (Singapore) Pte
Ltd_ ... the beneficiary made a call based on a breach induced by their own
default and was not permitted to do so; (b) in  _Royal Design Studio Pte Ltd v
Chang Development Pte Ltd_ ... an injunction was granted where the
beneficiary's call on the bond was based on delays in construction that were
caused by the beneficiary's own default in failing to make timely payments on
the interim certificates issued by the architect and a considerable sum due to
the account party under the joint venture agreement was retained by the
beneficiary; (c) in  _Min Thai Holdings Pte Ltd v Sunlabel Pte Ltd_ ... the
defendant-buyer was restrained from calling on the performance guarantee when
the non-delivery of rice was due to floods caused by typhoon and there was a
“force majeure” clause in the contract, as the court felt that it was
unconscionable, in the circumstances, for the defendant-buyer to receive
payment under the performance guarantee.

In the cases cited above where the call of the bond was considered
unconscionable, either the beneficiary of the performance bond had by its own
default contributed to the circumstances which founded the call, or both
parties were wholly innocent. Evidently, it takes more than a _mere_ default
(_ie_ mere breaches of contract) by the beneficiary to sustain an argument on
unconscionability. In this regard, I note the high and strict standard of
proof required of the applicant seeking the injunction which has been
consistently applied by the Court of Appeal (_Anwar Siraj and another v Teo
Hee Lai Building Construction Pte Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 394 at [11] citing
_Dauphin Offshore_ at [57]):

... In _Bocotra_ ... this court stated that “a _high degree of strictness
applies_ , as the applicant will be required to establish a clear case of
fraud or unconscionability in the interlocutory proceedings. It is clear that
_mere allegations are insufficient_ ”. ... In our opinion, what must be shown
is a _strong prima facie case_ of unconscionability. ...

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added]

20 That said, I am cognisant of the severity of calls on performance bonds,
and how the court must be mindful of abuse. In _GHL Pte Ltd v Unitrack
Building Construction Pte Ltd and another_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 44, the Court of
Appeal said (at [24]):

We agree that performance bonds are used frequently in the construction
industry; that they are provided by and to parties who deal at arm's length;
that the use of performance bonds has resulted in substantial benefits to the
parties and also in savings; that the courts should give effect to the
intention of the parties; and that the law in relation to performance bonds
should be placed on “a clear and unambiguous footing” so that they could be
accepted by parties whether in Singapore or abroad. But, with respect, these
are not the points involved with which we are concerned. _We are concerned
with abusive calls on the performance bonds. It should not be forgotten that a
performance bond can operate as an oppressive instrument, and in the event
that a beneficiary calls on the bond in circumstances, where there is prima
facie evidence of fraud or unconscionability, the court should step in to
intervene at the interlocutory stage until the whole of the circumstances of
the case has been investigated._ It should also not be forgotten that a
performance bond is basically a security for the performance of the main
contract, and as such we see no reason, in principle, why it should be so
sacrosanct and inviolate as not to be subject to the court's intervention
except on the ground of fraud. We agree that a beneficiary under a performance
bond should be protected as to the integrity of the security he has in case of
non-performance by the party on whose account the performance bond was issued,
but a temporary restraining order does not prejudice or adversely affect the
security; it merely postpones the realisation of the security until the party
concerned is given an opportunity to prove his case ...

[emphasis added]

21 Ultimately, the juridical basis for an injunction to restrain a performance
bond on the ground of unconscionability lies in equity. The key consideration
in ascertaining whether a call on a performance bond should be restrained is
achieving a fair balance between the interests of the beneficiary and those of
the obligor: _JBE Properties Pte Ltd v Gammon Pte Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR 47 at
[13].

Application of legal principles

22 In the present case, having regard to what is a fair balance between the
interests of the beneficiary 1st Defendant and the obligor Plaintiff, I took
the view that there was no unconscionability on the part of the 1st Defendant
in making the Call. The 1st Defendant provided evidence to support its case,
_inter alia_ , that the Plaintiff was in serious delay, was using
inappropriate equipment outside the appropriate reserve areas which slowed
them down, were late in their submissions of Method Statements and drawings,
had over-bored some holes and had gone far beyond the contract periods allowed
for their Sub-Contract Works. Further, the 1st Defendant showed that the
Plaintiff had, in AA SOP 52, made an extravagant claim for of $5.37m for
Progress Claim No 27 as the adjudicator only determined a sum of $0.98m due
(less than 20% of the claim). Whilst I am not making any decision on these
allegations, it does appear to me that there were genuine construction
disputes of the type that do arise in such contracts between the parties.

Terms of the Performance Bond and Sub-Contract

23 At the outset, I find that the Call falls squarely within the key terms of
the Performance Bond read with the Sub-Contract. Clauses 1 and 2 of the
Performance Bond provides that it is an unconditional bond which is payable on
demand by the 1st Defendant:

1\. The Insurer hereby _unconditionally_ undertakes and covenants to pay _on
demand_ any sum or sums which may from time to time be demanded in writing by
the Main Contractor ... to be held by the Main Contractor as security for and
until the performance and completion by the Sub-Contractor of all the
conditions of the Sub-Contract in all respects.

2\. The liability of the Insurer under this Deed shall not be discharged or
impaired by reason of ... any breach or breaches of the Sub-Contract by the
Sub-Contractor...

[emphasis added]

24 Clause 5 further provides:

... The Insurer shall be under no duty to inquire into the reasons,
circumstances or authenticity of the grounds for such claim or direction...

25 Clause 3(c) of Sub-Contract provides the purpose for which the proceeds of
the Performance Bond may be utilised:[note: 23]

(c) The Main Contractor may _utilise the cash deposit or the proceeds of any
call or demand on the performance bond to_** _make good any loss or damage
sustained or likely to be sustained by the Main Contractor as a result of any
breach whatsoever of this Sub-Contract by the Sub-Contractor or the
termination of the employment of Sub-Contractor_** , **_including any
liquidated damages_** or any sum due to the Main Contractor under clause 18 of
these Sub-Contract Conditions.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

26 The 1st Defendant has compiled a list of its losses which it says it has
suffered as a result of, _inter alia_ , the Plaintiff’s delays in the
performance of the Sub-Contract Works and refusal to perform the Stage 4
Works. The total value of these losses, $8.59m, far outstrips the value of the
Performance Bond _viz_ $1.88m. Based on the particulars provided in the 1st
Defendant’s affidavit evidence, there is no reason for me to disbelief the
accuracy of the 1st Defendant’s quantification of its losses. The Plaintiff
has alleged that some of these losses, such as the liquidated damages claims,
have not crystallised as there is no evidence that the LTA has claimed
liquidated damages from the 1st Defendant. Be that as it may, cl 3(c)
explicitly states that the performance bond may be used to make good not just
losses that have been sustained, but also losses that are “likely to be
sustained”. Given that the works were indeed delayed, and that the LTA did not
grant any extensions of time,[note: 24] there was no basis for me to infer
that the 1st Defendant was not likely to be exposed to a claim for liquidated
damages from the LTA.

Unconscionability

27 Certainly, notwithstanding the terms of the Performance Bond and the Sub-
Contract, if the Call was actuated under unconscionable circumstances, it may
still be restrained. However, I was not convinced that the making of the Call
was unconscionable.

28 The Plaintiff’s allegations of bad faith, oppression, bullying by the 1st
Defendant are, even by the Plaintiff’s own case, guesswork. This plainly fails
the high and strict standard of proof required of the Plaintiff applicant of
the injunction. The strongest allegation by the Plaintiff, _viz_ , that the
Call was a retaliatory move by the 1st Defendant following the decision of the
adjudicator in the Adjudications to award the Plaintiff a total of $1.86m, was
unsubstantiated. While the timing of the Call calls for closer scrutiny, that
alone cannot support a claim of unconscionable conduct. More evidence is
required. On that premise, I did not find the circumstances, particularly the
conduct of the 1st Defendant in the lead up to the Call, to be, in the words
of the Court of Appeal in _Dauphin Offshore_ , so “reprehensible or lacking in
good faith” (see [18] above).

29 First, I did not accept that the 1st Defendant’s engagement of ZPPL or the
subsequent termination of the Sub-Contract was unfair or lacking in good
faith. While I am not making a judgment on the merits of whether the Plaintiff
or 1st Defendant had through their respective actions breached the Sub-
Contract, I would nevertheless state that on the facts, the 1st Defendant was,
as a rational business-minded party, commercially justified in engaging ZPPL
to perform a portion of the Sub-Contract Works in the light of the Plaintiff’s
numerous and repeated delays in completing the works at Donuts & Peanuts and
Zone 2 Station Box. I also bear in mind the obvious restrictions working
around an existing viaduct carrying the Bukit Panjang Light Rail and the large
traffic junctions and the obvious difficulties in obtaining traffic diversion
clearances which would have been subject to strict periods of diversion. I
shall refer to a handful of correspondence which is representative of the
genuine frustration that the 1st Defendant was experiencing prior to the Call
as a result of what it perceived to be the Plaintiff’s untimely performance of
its obligations.

30 The 1st Defendant (either directly or through their solicitors) had written
to the Plaintiff on the following occasions, highlighting the former’s
concerns over the latter’s delays and the consequences of those delays:

_28 February 2011[note: 25]_

... You were thus 147 calendar days late in completing this section [Donuts &
Peanuts] of your work, making you liable for a total Liquidated Damages sum of
$2,205,000.00. We record that your late completions were entirely of your own
making and were due to, but not limited to, the following reasons ...

_9 April 2011[note: 26]_

We would like to bring to your attention the delay in completion of piling
work at Zone 2 (West) ... As a result, the overall completion of the piling
schedule for Zone 2 weste has been delayed since 25 March 2011 ... All of the
above delays are accumulating and affecting our traffic diversion work. As
such, we shall hold you directly responsible for these delays.

_16 June 2011_ [note: 27]

... We have recorded many delays you have caused due to poor performance, poor
management, inadequate equipment and low productivity and hold you responsible
for the subsequent delays ...

_29 May 2012[note: 28]_

... Kindly note that the timely progress of works on site is crucial and our
clients [1st Defendant] are subject to extensive liquidated damages for delay.
If such damages are imposed on our clients as the result of your clients’
[Plaintiff] refusal to comply with the obligations under the Contract, our
clients will not hesitate to claim such damages together with any other
consequential losses against your clients. ...

These pieces of correspondence, which are by no means exhaustive, demonstrate
that the 1st Defendant had consistently taken the view that the Plaintiff was
not meeting its obligations on time, and that the Plaintiff was liable to the
1st Defendant for the consequences of delayed completion. The 1st Defendant’s
engagement of ZPPL to carry out the piling works on behalf of the Plaintiff
(see [10] above) and termination of the Sub-Contract following the Plaintiff’s
refusal to perform the Stage 4 Works must be seen in this context, as must the
Call.

31 Secondly, it ought also to be mentioned that the Plaintiff’s
allegation[note: 29] – that the 1st Defendant’s conduct in disallowing the
Plaintiff’s extension of time claims is evidence of the 1st Defendant’s bad
faith – is contrary to the evidence before me. The Plaintiff’s claims for
extension of time in its Claim Report dated 3 May 2011 (“the Claim Report”)
were not accompanied with the relevant details, and despite being given time
by the 1st Defendant to substantiate its Claim Report, the Plaintiff did not
appear to have submitted any further details. This was not the first time that
the Plaintiff was reminded to substantiate its claims for extension of
time.[note: 30] In any event, the 1st Defendant had evaluated the Claim Report
and found that the Plaintiff was not entitled for extension of time for all 16
items in the Claim Report.[note: 31]

32 Thirdly, in the face of the Plaintiff’s insistence initially on not
performing the Stage 4 Works and subsequently only on the condition that those
works would constitute a variation, the 1st Defendant could reasonably have
taken the view that it was entitled to terminate the Sub-Contract. Even if the
1st Defendant was misapprehended and had wrongfully terminated the Sub-
Contract, the law is clear that generally mere breaches of contract by the
beneficiary of the performance bond are not, by themselves, unconscionable:
_Raymond Construction Pte Ltd v Low Yang Tong_ [1996] SGHC 136 at [5].

33 Fourthly, even if I had accepted (which I do not) the Call was indeed a
“retaliation” by the 1st Defendant following the outcome of the Adjudications,
the fact is that the 1st Defendant was entitled to exercise the Call in
consequence of its view that the Plaintiff had breached the Sub-Contract. The
Plaintiff did not bring to my attention any authority which stands for a
proposition that even if a beneficiary is ordinarily entitled to call on a
performance bond, it would be unconscionable to do so _after_ the beneficiary
has been ordered to pay certain sums to the obligor for other matters arising
out of the same contractual relationship. In fact, I cannot see how a call on
a performance bond in such circumstances can be considered to be so
reprehensible. Taking the Plaintiff’s argument to its logical conclusion, the
beneficiary’s right to call on a performance bond is extremely restricted. Not
only would it be unconscionable if it the call is made after the beneficiary
has been ordered to pay certain sums to the obligor, it could also be
unconscionable before such sums were ordered. As long as the obligor had taken
some steps to claim certain sums or payments from the beneficiary, the obligor
would, if the Plaintiff’s proposition is accepted, be equally justified in
asserting that a call then by the beneficiary would be unconscionable on the
basis that it is “retaliatory” for the _potential_ sums which the beneficiary
_might_ be liable to pay the obligor. I cannot think this is correct.

34 Finally, I stand guided by the Court of Appeal’s holding in _BS Mount
Sophia Pte Ltd v Join-Aim Pte Ltd_ [2012] 3 SLR 352 (“ _BS Mount Sophia_ ”) at
[37]:

_If the beneficiary's call on the bond is motivated by_ **_improper
purposes_** _, or such a call_ **_cannot be justified with clear evidence_**
_; or in any other situation where the_ **_beneficiary is less than certain
about his entitlement to call on the bond and for what amount_** , the
beneficiary ought to take a step back and re-examine its entitlement and
conduct prior to calling on the bond. Unfairness is also an element of
unconscionability (see below at [42]-[43]), and the question as to whether or
not notice was afforded to the obligor of his alleged breach before the
beneficiary's call on the bond would also be a relevant consideration.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In my view and in the light of the context which I have illustrated above, the
1st Defendant’s conduct clearly did not fall into any of the above categories
of potentially unconscionable conduct.

Conclusion

35 In sum, the Plaintiff did not even adduce a _prima facie_ strong piece of
evidence illustrative of the 1st Defendant’s unconscionable conduct, much less
a strong _prima facie_ case required of it to justify the restraining of the
Call (see _BS Mount Sophia_ at [40]). Having regard to the overall tenor and
context of the entire conduct of the parties, I am unable to conclude that the
1st Defendant’s conduct was “so lacking in _bona fides_ ” (see _BS Mount
Sophia_ at [45]). I therefore dismissed the Plaintiff’s application with
costs.

36 I need only add, as a postscript, that in an unsuccessful application for a
stay of the release of the monies under the Performance Bond pending appeal,
Mr Irving Choh, counsel for the Plaintiff, very properly accepted that he
could not in good conscience submit to me that if his client succeeds in its
appeal, there would be a risk that his client could not recover the sum paid
out under the Performance Bond.

* * *

[note: 1]Thung Chun Heng 1st Affidavit at p 24.

[note: 2]Thung Chun Heng 1st Affidavit at p 49.

[note: 3]Thung Chun Heng 1st Affidavit at p 53.

[note: 4]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at paras 29–30.

[note: 5]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at paras 9–30 and 32–37.

[note: 6]Thung Chun Heng 2nd Affidavit at pp 10–12.

[note: 7]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at para 42.

[note: 8]Thung Chun Heng 1st Affidavit at p 41.

[note: 9]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at p 83.

[note: 10]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at p 84.

[note: 11]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at pp 85–89.

[note: 12]Thung Chun Heng 1st Affidavit at p 187.

[note: 13]Thung Chun Heng 1st Affidavit at para 36.

[note: 14]Thung Chun Heng 1st Affidavit at para 46.

[note: 15]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at p 167.

[note: 16]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at p 176.

[note: 17]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at p 50.

[note: 18]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at para 5.

[note: 19]Thung Chun Heng 1st Affidavit at para 58.

[note: 20]1st Defendant’s submissions at para 5.

[note: 21]1st Defendant’s submissions at para 19.

[note: 22]1st Defendant’s submissions at para 23.

[note: 23]Thung Chun Heng 1st Affidavit at p 24.

[note: 24]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at para 39.

[note: 25]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at pp 65–66.

[note: 26]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at p 75.

[note: 27] Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at p 76.

[note: 28]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at pp 96–97.

[note: 29]Thung Chun Heng 2nd Affidavit at para 42.

[note: 30]Rintu Chakravarthy 1st Affidavit at pp 67–74.

[note: 31]Thung Chun Heng 2nd Affidavit at pp 34–36.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Apr 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

