Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Out of the Box Pte Ltd _v_ Wanin Industries Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGCA 15

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 61 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 February 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Sundaresh Menon JA
(as he then was)  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kesavan Nair (Genesis Law Corporation) for the appellant;
Aqbal Singh (Pinnacle Law LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Out of the Box Pte Ltd — Wanin Industries Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2012] 3 SLR 428.]

6 February 2013|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

The Facts

1 The appellant company, Out of the Box Pte Ltd (“OOTB”) is in the business of
marketing and distributing beverages. Sometime in early 2007, OOTB
conceptualised and developed a new sports drink that it called “18 for Life”
(“18”). OOTB appeared to have a particular focus on media services in the
golfing industry. This might account for the choice of the name for the new
drink, evoking the number of holes played in a typical game of golf. OOTB had
high hopes for their new beverage and seemed to contemplate that it might
emerge as a major brand. Perhaps because of its background in marketing,
distribution and media, OOTB’s efforts to realise its considerable ambitions
for 18 were channelled into marketing and advertising the new beverage. These
efforts appear not to have been matched by a similar level of industry in the
formulation, design or manufacture of the beverage itself. In fact, OOTB sub-
contracted that entire responsibility to the respondent company, Wanin
Industries Pte Ltd (“WI”).

2 The parties entered into a Contract Manufacturing Agreement (“the Contract”)
on 11 June 2008. For all of OOTB’s ambitions for 18, the Contract was a
remarkably simple document. It was a little more than a page in length. Under
it, OOTB agreed:

(a) to accept the price of $10.50 per carton of 18;

(b) to pay a sum of $15,000 for the production of a mould;

(c) to pay $200 “per color for production of cylindrical drum for the labels”;

(d) to pay in advance for the quantity ordered; and

(e) to order at least one trailer load of 18 and to be responsible for
unloading the goods.

On its part, WI agreed to supply 18 for at least two years. WI also agreed to
“[a]ccept the return of defective product but with substantiate evidence
[_sic_]”, and to fulfil orders in a timely manner. Lastly, WI agreed to offer
OOTB a special price of $10.30 per carton for the first 4,000 cartons ordered.

3 In short, there was almost no capital investment by OOTB to speak of; nor
was there any sign of OOTB establishing any manufacturing capacity in respect
of the beverage. Moreover, aside from the payments to be made for the mould
and the production of the cylindrical drum, the extent of OOTB’s obligation
under the Contract was to purchase 1,200 cartons of 18 (this being the
equivalent of one trailer load) at a price of $10.30 per carton. This
translated into a committed outlay on OOTB’s part of $12,360.

4 There was no particular quality specification or recipe. Such was the scant
nature of the Contract. There was certainly nothing in the Contract that would
have given WI any indication or hint of OOTB’s grandiose plans and ambitions
for 18. Nonetheless, OOTB embarked on an aggressive marketing campaign to
advertise 18.

5 Sometime in 2008, a shipment of 18 supplied by WI changed colour. On
inspection, the bottled drink was also found to be contaminated with insects.
This was a disaster for OOTB’s plans. As a result, OOTB had to recall all
stock of 18 from the market. The Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of
Singapore (“AVA”) also issued a consumer advisory informing the public that
all stock of 18 had been recalled and warning them against consuming any 18.
The 18 brand was, without question, damaged beyond repair. OOTB therefore
abandoned its marketing campaign and discontinued the planned venture
altogether.

6 On 22 April 2009, OOTB commenced Suit No 317 of 2009 against WI for breach
of the Contract. On 9 September 2009, the High Court granted summary judgment
in favour of OOTB and ordered WI to pay damages to be assessed. WI appealed
unsuccessfully against the High Court’s decision to grant summary judgment and
the matter then proceeded to the assessment of damages.

7 At the assessment of damages, OOTB claimed “reliance damages” amounting to
$779,812.30. These were expenses that OOTB said it had incurred in reliance
upon the Contract and which had been wasted as a consequence of WI’s breach.
The bulk of the expenses claimed by OOTB were advertising costs. The Assistant
Registrar (“the AR”) assessed OOTB’s damages in the sum of $655,280.70. The AR
made some adjustments to the value of the two largest components of OOTB’s
claims: firstly, the use of some advertising credits that belonged to OOTB and
which it had used to promote 18 (“the ActMedia expenses”) and secondly, the
redemption of a prize it had won for an advertising campaign that it had
earlier conducted for an entirely unrelated line of products (“the Clear
Channel expenses”).

8 WI appealed and OOTB cross appealed against the AR’s decision. The High
Court judge (“the Judge”) who heard the two Registrar’s Appeals allowed WI’s
appeal in part and held that OOTB had not adequately proven its loss in
respect of the ActMedia expenses and the Clear Channel expenses. The Judge
held in _Out of the Box Pte Ltd v Wanin Industries Pte Ltd_ [2012] 3 SLR 428
at [9] that:

9 There was no evidence that the value of the relevant services was
commensurate with their “sticker” price. This was because the latter could
have an element of arbitrariness depending on the balance of the advertising
credits remaining at the time that they were used (which [OOTB] had to utilise
fully or else allow to lapse). Notwithstanding that uncertainty, it is
[OOTB’s] responsibility to provide some means of gauging the extent of its
loss. _[OOTB] must satisfy the court both as to the fact of damage and as to
its amount, or else be awarded nominal damages at most._ Furthermore, it is
for [OOTB] to prove that the expenses claimed would be recouped on the balance
of probabilities. Due to the ill-defined nature of [OOTB’s] loss, the current
situation is not one which justifies the imposition of the burden on [WI].
_Taking into account [OOTB’s] inability to provide the necessary evidence, I
disallow its claim for the Act Media and Clear Channel expenses._

[emphasis added]

9 The Judge awarded OOTB nominal damages of $1,000 each in relation to the
ActMedia expenses and the Clear Channel expenses essentially on the basis that
OOTB had not sufficiently proved the quantum of the loss. However, the Judge
affirmed the other components in the AR’s award of damages. The net result of
the appeal was a reduction of the AR’s award to $329,254.30. OOTB appealed
against the decision of the Judge to award only nominal damages for the
ActMedia expenses and the Clear Channel expenses. This was the sole issue
before us as WI did not appeal against that part of the Judge’s decision
affirming the other heads of OOTB’s claim. After hearing the arguments, we
dismissed the appeal. We now give our reasons for doing so. In essence, as it
became evident in the course of the oral arguments, OOTB’s claimed heads of
damages were too remote in our judgment.

The applicable law

10 In _Photo Production Ltd v Securicor Transport Ltd_ [1980] 1 AC 827, Lord
Diplock explained that for every breach of contract that sounds in damages,
the contract breaker’s primary responsibility to perform the contract is
replaced by a secondary responsibility to pay damages (at 848–9):

Leaving aside those comparatively rare cases in which the court is able to
enforce a primary obligation by decreeing specific performance of it, breaches
of primary obligations give rise to substituted or secondary obligations on
the part of the party in default, and, in some cases, may entitle the other
party to be relieved from further performance of his own primary obligations.
…

_Every failure to perform a primary obligation is a breach of contract. The
secondary obligation on the part of the contract breaker to which it gives
rise by implication of the common law is to pay monetary compensation to the
other party for the loss sustained by him in consequence of the breach_ ; but,
with two exceptions, the primary obligations of both parties so far as they
have not yet been fully performed remain unchanged. …

[emphasis added]

11 However, the secondary obligation to pay damages is not an unlimited
liability. In broad terms, once the threshold of showing that the damages are
causally connected to the breach has been crossed, a _prima facie_ liability
to pay damages arises. However, there are some limits to the extent of such
_prima facie_ liability. Causation alone will not suffice, since many things
can be said to be “caused” by a particular event in the sense that if the
event had not transpired then the ends in question might not have ensued.
Therefore, in any given case causation is a necessary but not a sufficient
condition for the imposition of liability on the contract breaker.

12 There are at least two limitations on the extent of a contract breaker’s
liability for damages. The first is where the parties have expressly agreed to
allocate the risk of certain losses in their contract, for instance by way of
exclusion or limitation provisions. By such clauses, the parties might agree
that the contract breaker will not be liable at all for certain types of loss
or that it will not be liable beyond a certain quantum of loss. But there are
limits to human foresight. This, coupled with the optimism that frequently
accompanies the conclusion of many a contract, means that often, parties do
not specifically address their minds to the question of damages or more
generally of remedies at the time they enter into the contract.

13 It then becomes necessary to examine whether the second type of limitation
applies: that is where the law imposes limits on the extent of the contract
breaker’s liability by rules that help a court decide whether the particular
type of damages claimed is too remote and hence irrecoverable. The rules as to
remoteness of damage serve to impose a horizon on the extent of the contract
breaker’s liability. Losses that are within this notional boundary are in
principle recoverable while those beyond it are not. But although this horizon
is not illusory, equally it is not a rigid or empirically precise boundary.
Rather, like the horizon of human experience, its range depends on the
circumstances. For this purpose, the relevant circumstances include those in
which the contract was entered into and what both parties knew or must be
taken to have known about the venture they were about to undertake. According
to these circumstances, the horizon may sometimes extend further than at other
times.

14 Those notions governing remoteness of damages in contract were encapsulated
in Alderson B’s famous dictum in _Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch 341 (“
_Hadley v Baxendale_ ”) at 354:

Where two parties have made a contract which one of them has broken, the
damages which the other party ought to receive in respect of such breach of
contract should be such as may fairly and reasonably be considered either
arising naturally, _i.e._ , _according to the usual course of things_ , from
such breach of contract itself, _or such as may reasonably be supposed to have
been in the contemplation of both parties, at the time they made the contract,
as the probable result of the breach of it_. Now, if the special circumstances
under which the contract was actually made were communicated by the plaintiffs
to the defendants, and thus known to both parties, the damages resulting from
the breach of such a contract, which they would reasonably contemplate, would
be the amount of injury which would ordinarily follow from a breach of
contract under these special circumstances so known and communicated. But … if
these special circumstances were wholly unknown to the party breaking the
contract, he, at the most, could only be supposed to have had in his
contemplation the amount of injury which would arise generally, and in the
great multitude of cases not affected by any special circumstances, from such
a breach of contract. For, had the special circumstances been known, the
parties might have specially provided for the breach of contract by special
terms as to the damages in that case; and of this advantage it would be very
unjust to deprive them. [emphasis added]

15 These principles have come to be referred to as the first and second limbs
of “the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ ”. The first limb prescribes limits for
what are called general damages and the second limb for what are called
special damages. The use of the descriptors “general” and “special” in this
context is not particularly helpful since it is likely to be confused with an
altogether different sense in which those terms may be used in conjunction
with damages: see the observations of the learned authors in _The Law of
Contract in Singapore_ (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing,
2012) at paras 22.050-22.052. But here, they are meant to connote the nature
of the knowledge of the circumstances that was possessed by the parties, and
more specifically, by the contract breaker when he entered into the contract.
General damages are those which may be seen as flowing naturally from the
breach, once regard is had to the sort of knowledge of the relevant
surrounding circumstances that the contract breaker would generally be taken
to have had. On the other hand, special damages are damages the liability for
which is founded on the fact that the contract breaker _had_ some special or
additional knowledge of particular facts and circumstances, and which
knowledge has the effect of extending the horizon of recoverable damages
beyond the range that would otherwise have applied.

16 A more recent restatement of the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ can be found
in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Victoria Laundry (Windsor) Ld v
Newman Industries Ld; Coulson & Co Ld (Third Parties)_ [1949] 2 KB 528 (“
_Victoria Laundry_ ”), where in an influential judgment, Asquith LJ set out
six propositions (at 539–40):

…

(1.) It is well settled that the governing purpose of damages is to put the
party whose rights have been violated in the same position, so far as money
can do so, as if his rights had been observed: (_Sally Wertheim v. Chicoutimi
Pulp Company_). This purpose, if relentlessly pursued, would provide him with
a complete indemnity for all loss de facto resulting from a particular breach,
however improbable, however unpredictable. This, in contract at least, is
recognized as too harsh a rule. Hence,

(2.) In cases of breach of contract the aggrieved party is only entitled to
recover such part of the loss actually resulting as was at the time of the
contract _reasonably foreseeable as liable to result_ from the breach.

(3.) What was at that time reasonably so foreseeable depends on the knowledge
then possessed by the parties or, at all events, by the party who later
commits the breach.

(4.) For this purpose, knowledge “possessed” is of two kinds; one imputed, the
other actual. Everyone, as a reasonable person, is taken to know the “ordinary
course of things” and consequently what loss is liable to result from a breach
of contract in that ordinary course. This is the subject matter of the “first
rule” in _Hadley v. Baxendale_. But to this knowledge, which a contract-
breaker is assumed to possess whether he actually possesses it or not, there
may have to be added in a particular case knowledge which he actually
possesses, of special circumstances outside the “ordinary course of things,”
of such a kind that a breach in those special circumstances would be liable to
cause more loss. Such a case attracts the operation of the “second rule” so as
to make additional loss also recoverable.

(5.) In order to make the contract-breaker liable under either rule it is not
necessary that he should actually have asked himself what loss is liable to
result from a breach. As has often been pointed out, parties at the time of
contracting contemplate not the breach of the contract, but its performance.
It suffices that, if he had considered the question, he would as a reasonable
man have concluded that the loss in question was liable to result (see certain
observations of Lord du Parcq in the recent case of _A/B Karlshamns
Oljefabriker v. Monarch Steamship Company Limited_.)

(6.) Nor, finally, to make a particular loss recoverable, need it be proved
that upon a given state of knowledge the defendant could, as a reasonable man,
foresee that a breach must necessarily result in that loss. It is enough if he
could foresee it was likely so to result. It is indeed enough, to borrow from
the language of Lord du Parcq in the same case, at page 158, if the loss (or
some factor without which it would not have occurred) is a "serious
possibility" or a "real danger." For short, we have used the word "liable" to
result. Possibly the colloquialism "on the cards" indicates the shade of
meaning with some approach to accuracy.

[emphasis added]

17 It is evident from the passages cited that one of the key elements that is
invoked to determine the horizon that will limit the contract breaker’s
liability is that of knowledge. Under the first limb of the rule in _Hadley v
Baxendale_ , the limit is defined in terms of the consequences that arise
naturally according to the usual course of things or flowing from what may
reasonably be supposed to be in the contemplation of both parties when they
contracted. In _Victoria Laundry_ , Asquith LJ treated this as encompassing
actual knowledge of what is liable to ensue upon a breach as well as imputed
knowledge, or that which a reasonable person in the contract breaker’s
situation is taken to know.

18 The second limb of the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ deals with the contract
breaker’s actual knowledge of special or extraordinary facts and
circumstances. These are circumstances that the reasonable person would not
objectively be taken to know but which the contract breaker in question does
actually know. The effect of this awareness is to extend the horizon of the
contract breaker’s liability to those consequences that are foreseeable as not
unlikely given his knowledge of those special facts and circumstances. In
_Koufos v C Czarnikow Ltd_ [1969] 1 AC 350 (“ _The Heron II_ ”), Lord Reid
clarified that armed with that knowledge, the losses must be “foreseeable as a
likely result” (at 389) or at least as a result that was “not unlikely” (at
392).

19 As observed yet more recently by Rix LJ in _Transfield Shipping Inc v
Mercator Shipping Inc (The Achilleas)_ [2007] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 555 (“ _The
Achilleas (CA)_ ”) at [88], after commenting on the facts of _Hadley v
Baxendale_ :

88 … The case demonstrates, in my judgment, as has come to be generally
recognised, that there are not so much two rules, as two means by which a
defendant may possess the knowledge necessary to make his liability a fair
one. That knowledge may either arise from “the usual course of things”, or
from the communication of special circumstances …

20 In reviewing the authorities, Rix LJ in _The Achilleas (CA)_ drew attention
to the following passages from the judgment of Robert Goff J (as he then was)
in _Satef-Huttenes Albertus SpA v Paloma Tercera Shipping Co SA_ (_The
Pegase_) [1981] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 175 (“ _The Pegase_ ”) at 182–3:

... the principle in _Hadley v Baxendale_ is now no longer stated in terms of
two rules, but rather in terms of a single principle – thought [_sic_] it is
recognized that the application of the principle may depend on the degree of
the relevant knowledge held by the defendant at the time of the contract in
the particular case. This approach accords very much to what actually happens
in practice; the Courts have not been over-ready to pigeon-hole the cases
under one or other of the so-called rules in _Hadley v Baxendale_ , but rather
to decide each case on the basis of the relevant knowledge of the defendant.

...

… In the light of the decided cases, the test appears to be: _have the facts
in question come to the defendant’s knowledge in such circumstances that a
reasonable person in the shoes of the defendant would, if he had considered
the matter at the time of making the contract, have contemplated that, in the
event of a breach by him, such facts were to be taken into account when
considering his responsibility for loss suffered by the plaintiff as a result
of such breach._ The answer to that question may vary from case to case,
taking into consideration such matters as, for example, the nature of the
facts in question and how far they are unusual, and the extent to which such
facts are likely to make fulfilment of the contract by the due date more
critical, or to render the plaintiff’s loss heavier in the event of non-
fulfilment.

The two governing principles – the principle of causation and the limiting
principle of remoteness of damage – provide, in their developed form, the
solution to most problems of damages. ...

[emphasis added]

21 In this dictum, Robert Goff J added a significant element to the analysis.
Aside from examining what knowledge the contract breaker had or should be
taken to have had at the time of the contract, Robert Goff J noted that it was
also important to have regard to the circumstances in which that knowledge had
been acquired. We find this a helpful statement of what the courts are trying
to do when assessing whether the claimed damages are too remote. It
contemplates the consideration of:

(a) the facts that bear on the question of the liability for the damages that
subsequently ensue upon the defendant’s breach;

(b) the circumstances in which those facts came to the defendant’s knowledge;

(c) in the light of those circumstances, the extent to which such knowledge
should be taken into account when assessing the defendant’s liability; and

(d) having regard to the knowledge that may properly be attributed to the
defendant at the time of the contract, what would have been foreseeable at
that time to the reasonable person in his position to be the not unlikely
consequences of his breach.

22 The rationale behind the principle of remoteness of damage in contract and
the application of the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ was discussed in some
detail by this Court in _Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants
Pte Ltd and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“ _Robertson Quay_ ”), where we
affirmed the continued applicability of the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ (as
restated in _Victoria Laundry_) in Singapore. In _Robertson Quay_ , after an
extensive review of the authorities, we observed (at [70]) that although the
rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ was not without its difficulties, it had served
well in providing a guiding set of principles for the courts. In that same
case, we also affirmed our earlier observations in _Sunny Metal & Engineering
Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 782 (“ _Sunny Metal_ ”) as
follows:

70 … [T]he concept of remoteness is essentially a necessary limitation imposed
by the law to protect the contract-breaker from infinite damages since “the
consequences of an act theoretically ... can ... stretch into infinity”. The
question of remoteness is ultimately an inquiry in which [quoting from _Sunny
Metal_ at [56]]:

... legal policy and accepted value judgment must be the final arbiter of what
balance to strike between the claim to full reparation for the loss suffered
by an innocent victim of another’s culpable conduct and the excessive burden
that would be imposed on human activity if a wrongdoer were to be held to
answer for _all_ the consequences of his default. [emphasis in original]

23 It is thus evident that the test for assessing the question of remoteness
of damages prescribed in _Hadley v Baxendale_ as it has come to be applied,
clarified and understood in subsequent cases has a very respectable vintage
and has entered the stream of consciousness of most common lawyers in the
sense of being one of the foundational principles learnt as fledgling law
students. However, the antiquity of a statement of principle does not assure
that it retains its vitality in the face of changes in the environment and the
context in which these principles are to be applied.

24 Four months after our judgment in _Robertson Quay_ was delivered, the House
of Lords handed down its decision in _Transfield Shipping Inc v Mercator
Shipping Inc (The Achilleas)_ [2009] 1 AC 61 (“ _The Achilleas (HL)_ ”), on
the appeal brought against the decision of the Court of Appeal delivered by
Rix LJ, to which we have already referred (see [19] above). In _The Achilleas
(HL)_ , Lord Hoffmann (with whom Lord Hope of Craighead concurred) departed
from the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ and proposed a new test for remoteness
of damage which focuses on whether or not the defendant had assumed the risk
of the sort of consequences which the plaintiff was seeking recompense for,
stating at [21] that:

21 It is generally accepted that a contracting party will be liable for
damages for losses which are unforeseeably large, if loss of that type or kind
fell within one or other of the rules in _Hadley v Baxendale_ : see, for
example, Staughton J in _Transworld Oil Ltd v North Bay Shipping Corpn (The
Rio Claro)_ [1987] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 173, 175 and _Jackson v Royal Bank of
Scotland plc_ [2005] 1 WLR 377. That is generally an inclusive principle: if
losses of that type are foreseeable, damages will include compensation for
those losses, however large. _But the_ South Australia _and_ Mulvenna _cases
show that it may also be an exclusive principle and that a party may not be
liable for foreseeable losses because they are not of the type or kind for
which he can be treated as having assumed responsibility._ [emphasis added]

25 In _The Achilleas (HL)_ , Lord Hoffmann suggested that when confronting the
issue of remoteness of damage, the rule is to be understood not as an external
rule of law that is imposed on the parties to every contract in the absence of
an express provision to the contrary (in order to limit the extent of
recoverable damages); rather it is a question of the parties’ intention. As
such, the answer to the question whether a particular type of damages is
recoverable depends not so much on the straightforward application of the rule
in _Hadley v Baxendale_ , but rather on whether it made sense in the context
of the contract and its terms and in the light of the circumstances in which
it was entered into to impose the particular liability on the defendant. To
Lord Hoffmann, the question is much more about whether, on a true construction
of the contract, the contract breaker had assumed responsibility for this sort
of loss. Lord Hoffmann put it thus in _The Achilleas (HL)_ at [25]-[26]:

25 … _But the question of whether a given type of loss is one for which a
party assumed contractual responsibility involves the interpretation of the
contract as a whole against its commercial background, and this, like all
questions of interpretation, is a question of law_.

26 The owners say that the parties are entirely at liberty to insert an
express term excluding consequential loss if they want to do so. Some standard
forms of charter do. _I suppose it can be said of many disputes over
interpretation, especially over implied terms, that the parties could have
used express words or at any rate expressed themselves more clearly than they
have done. But, as I have indicated, the implication of a term as a matter of
construction of the contract as a whole in its commercial context and the
implication of the limits of damages liability seem to me to involve the
application of essentially the same techniques of interpretation. In both
cases, the court is engaged in construing the agreement to reflect the
liabilities which the parties may reasonable be expected to have assumed and
paid for._ …

[emphasis added]

26 These passages leave no room for doubt that Lord Hoffmann viewed the proper
approach to the question of remoteness of damage as a question of interpreting
the contract. This Court had the opportunity to consider the House of Lords’
decision in _The Achilleas (HL)_ in its subsequent decision in _MFM
Restaurants Pte Ltd and another v Fish & Co Restaurants Pte Ltd and another
appeal_ [2011] 1 SLR 150 (“ _MFM Restaurants_ ”). After once again undertaking
an extensive review of existing case law and academic commentaries, we
rejected Lord Hoffmann’s new approach towards remoteness of damage in
contract, at least to the extent it deviated from the rule in _Hadley v
Baxendale_ , concluding as follows at [140]:

140 Consistent with the analysis set out above, we take this opportunity to
confirm the approach relating to remoteness of damage in the law of contract
as set out in the decision of this court in _Robertson Quay_ … (which affirmed
the principles laid down in _Hadley [v Baxendale]_). We also take this
opportunity to state that the approach advocated by Lord Hoffmann in _The
Achilleas [(HL)]_ is not the law in Singapore, except to the extent that the
learned law lord’s reliance on the concept of assumption of responsibility by
the defendant is already incorporated or embodied in both limbs in _Hadley [v
Baxendale]_ itself.

27 Lord Hoffmann’s approach has not gained currency in the English courts
either. In _ASM Shipping Ltd of India v TTMI Ltd of England (The Amer Energy)_
[2009] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 293 at [17], Flaux J rejected the view that the House of
Lords had in _The Achilleas (HL)_ laid down a new test different from the rule
in _Hadley v Baxendale;_ in _Classic Maritime Inc v Lion Diversified Holdings
Berhad and Another_ [2010] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 59 at [71], Cooke J stated that he
would be “highly surprised” if _The Achilleas (HL)_ had changed the law on
remoteness of damage; and in _Sylvia Shipping Co Ltd v Progress Bulk Carriers
Ltd (The Sylvia)_ [2010] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 81 at [40], Hamblen J held that the
rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ “remains the general test of remoteness
applicable in the great majority of cases” and confined Lord Hoffmann’s new
approach to “relatively rare cases where the application of the general test
leads or may lead to an unquantifiable, unpredictable, uncontrollable or
disproportionate liability or where there is clear evidence that such a
liability would be contrary to market understanding and expectations”.

28 That being said, anything that Lord Hoffmann says in these matters calls
for the most careful consideration. The present case gives us the opportunity,
having once again reviewed the matter, to restate the earlier views expressed
in _MFM Restaurants_. In our view, the answer ultimately lies not in
abandoning the principles laid down in _Hadley v Baxendale_ , but rather in
drawing out and articulating some of the premises inherent in those
principles.

29 In our judgment, it is important that cases which in fact concern the
interpretation of a contract in order to identify the specific nature of the
obligation that has been undertaken not be conflated, or for that matter
confused, with cases that truly are concerned with questions of remoteness.

30 This may be illustrated using the famous example of the taxi driver who is
told of his customer’s need to get to a particular destination by a particular
time in order to make it to a particularly important meeting. This was touched
on in _MFM Restaurants_ at [118]:

118 … [I]t might be appropriate to consider briefly an oft-cited hypothetical
example which has been utilised to demonstrate the utility as well as
persuasiveness of Lord Hoffmann’s approach in _The Achilleas [(HL)]_ … This is
the example of a taxi driver who, before he or she accepts the fare, is
informed by the passenger about a crucial meeting to which that passenger must
get to on time. If the taxi driver fails, in breach of contract, to get the
passenger to that meeting in a timely manner and, as a result, the passenger
suffers an enormous business loss, is the taxi driver liable for that loss? …
We would add that, in an extreme situation such as the present hypothetical,
much would depend on the precise facts in question. _This would also include,
for example, how the alleged special circumstances were communicated by the
customer to the taxi driver and what precisely was in fact communicated. All
this would, of course, have to be assessed on an objective basis._ One would
imagine that, in an extreme situation such as this, there would have to be a
clear and unequivocal communication. It would probably have taken the
following form:

I have to arrive at the airport on time for my flight and, if I miss my
flight, I will lose a business deal worth $200,000. If so, I will truly hold
you responsible for this loss.

[emphasis added]

31 In _MFM Restaurants_ , we went on to explain at [119] that:

119 Extreme hypothetical situations such as the one just mentioned are useful
in law schools as they deliver the general legal propositions sought to be
conveyed to the students concerned in no uncertain terms. However, what
happens in the real world is quite different. Even allowing for the fact that
truth is sometimes stranger than fiction, one can hardly imagine the taxi
driver accepting responsibility on the terms set out in the preceding
paragraph. __Even if he or she did, this would have—in the nature of things—to
be in the form of an express assumption of responsibility which forms part of
the contract between the parties in any event__ _._ In other words, in an
extreme hypothetical situation, because the communication of the special
circumstances would have to be so clear and unequivocal, it would follow that
any assumption of responsibility would have to be equally clear and
unequivocal and that it would then simultaneously constitute an _express term_
of the contract itself. __The resultant situation would be no different from
the position that Lord Hoffmann is arguing in favour of__ _._ It is, of
course, _theoretically possible_ for there to be an assumption of
responsibility without that assumption forming part of the express terms of
the contract as such. In our view, however, this would be quite unrealistic as
regard must (as just mentioned) be had to the entire context of the situation
itself. __Indeed, even from a legal standpoint, it would be difficult to
imagine that a court would find an implied obligation that the taxi driver had
undertaken to assume responsibility for the full extent of the loss__ _._ Even
if this were so, we would imagine that there would _also_ be an _implied term_
to the effect that, absent a deliberate act on the part of the taxi driver to
ensure that the passenger did not arrive at the airport on time, the former
would be excused from liability. Hence, for example, a delay that was due to a
traffic jam would excuse the taxi driver from liability.

[italics in original; emphasis in italics underline added]

32 The hypothetical case of the taxi driver who has been tasked with the
mission to get his customer to a particular destination by a particular time
is posed to test the robustness of the conventional theory governing the
remoteness of damage. The question posed is whether the taxi driver who fails
to meet the time stipulated can be made liable for the loss of profit that
might otherwise have availed the customer had the taxi driver made it to the
required destination on time.

33 But as we have observed in _MFM Restaurants_ and as we have observed here
at [29] above, the question may not in the first instance be truly concerned
with remoteness at all. Rather, the first question is whether as a matter of
that contract, the taxi driver had agreed not only to transport his customer
to the desired destination, but also to do so by a specific time and for a
specific purpose. Put another way, the hypothetical throws up the significance
of first analysing the question of whether the taxi driver would be liable in
these exceptional circumstances as a matter of the construction of the
contract because _that_ , rather than the question of remoteness, is the true
nature of the issue that is presented. In other words, we are concerned here
with ascertaining the contractual _terms_ undertaken by the taxi driver (as
opposed to whether the damages sought as a result of a _breach_ of those terms
are too remote).

34 For instance, if a taxi driver knew that there was a time limit and even
knew why the customer was constrained by the time limit, and then decided to
ask for a much higher fare, then as a matter of the interpretation of the
contract, it might be concluded that in seeking the enhanced fare, the taxi
driver had undertaken a contractual obligation to reach the destination by a
specified time. Conversely, if the same taxi driver had charged nothing more
than the metered fare, and nothing else was said between the parties, then it
may well be that the opposite conclusion would be reached as a matter of
interpreting that contract. But assuming that the taxi driver did undertake
the extended obligation to get his customer to the specified destination by a
specified time and then failed to comply with that obligation, the question of
what damages he would be liable for in that scenario must nonetheless be
assessed, and in our view this would fall to be done by reference to the rules
as to remoteness of damage.

35 In our judgment, it bears reiterating that there must be conceptual clarity
in differentiating between interpreting a contract to establish the nature of
the specific obligation that has been imposed on a party, and the altogether
separate question of what damages the breaker of that obligation will be
liable for.

36 When one turns to examine the question of remoteness, in our view, it
simply does not help to frame the question as one concerning the contractual
assumption of risk or the true interpretation of the contract because that is
an altogether separate inquiry which generally does not bear directly on the
question of remoteness (except to the extent that it might constitute a factor
which is to be taken into consideration in ascertaining whether – especially
pursuant to the second limb of the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ – the damage
is indeed too remote based on the relevant facts).

37 As has been alluded to in the preceding paragraph, there is a substantial
degree of fact sensitivity that is necessarily embedded within the analysis of
whether the claimed damages are too remote. Having identified the particular
type of losses that have materialised and for which damages are being claimed,
it is then necessary to assess the question of remoteness by reference to the
factual matrix in which the parties were situated at the time they entered
into the contract. This is the same point made by Robert Goff J in _The
Pegase_ to which we have referred at [20]-[21] above. Robert Goff J thought it
relevant to have regard to the nature of the facts which the contract breaker
had actual or imputed knowledge of as well as the circumstances in which they
came to his knowledge. As we have noted above, we agree with this because both
considerations are critical to shedding light on the central question of
whether in all the circumstances it is just that the contract breaker should
be held liable for the losses that have in fact materialised. The answer to
this depends on the facts that are known to the contract breaker and that may
be taken into account when assessing what ought to have been reasonably
foreseeable to him at the time of the contract.

38 By focusing on the specific facts of the case, a court can take into
account the concerns that have been raised by Lord Hoffmann within the
conventional analysis laid down in _Hadley v Baxendale_ and the subsequent
line of cases we have referred to without having to embrace the approach Lord
Hoffmann espoused in _The Achilleas (HL)_. In that case, the defendant
charterer was nine days late in delivering the ship back to the plaintiff
owner. The owner had already agreed to hire the ship to another charterer by a
certain date, failing which the latter was entitled to cancel. Because of the
defendant’s late delivery, the owner was forced to procure an extension of the
cancellation date of the subsequent charter in return for a reduced rate of
hire. In the process, the owner suffered severe losses because the market rate
for the hire of the vessel had fallen in an unusually rapid and drastic
manner. Writing extra-judicially, Lord Hoffmann has argued that the
foreseeability test in _Hadley v Baxendale_ would not have permitted the court
in _The Achilleas (HL)_ to give due consideration to the fact that (a) the
loss suffered by the owner was potentially extensive and could not be
quantified by the parties at the time of contracting, and (b) the common
assumption in the trade was that liability of a charterer for late delivery of
a ship was limited to the difference between the market rate and the charter
rate for the period of the overrun (see Lord Hoffmann, “The _Achilleas_ :
Custom and Practice or Foreseeability?” (2010) 14 Edin LR 47 at 59).

39 But we do not see why these facts cannot be analysed within the
conventional _Hadley v Baxendale_ framework. The common assumption in the
trade as to a late charterer’s liability is a relevant consideration in
ascertaining what, in the charterer’s reasonable contemplation at the time of
the contract, would be the losses flowing from late delivery of the vessel in
the usual course of things. It would be just to visit such consequences upon
the charterer if he broke the contract. Contrariwise without any other
knowledge, it would not ordinarily be just to impose other types of losses
upon the contract-breaking charterer. As Lord Rodger of Earlsferry noted in
_The Achilleas (HL)_ (at [60]), on the facts such volatile market conditions
were highly unusual and at the time of the contract the charterer could not
reasonably have foreseen the consequences, which in the event befell the
owner. Thus, the damages claimed were found to be too remote under a
straightforward application of the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_. Lord Rodger
also observed (at [58] and [60]) that the result might conceivably have been
different if the charterer had specific knowledge of particular facts that
bore on the type of losses that materialised in that case.

40 It might seem somewhat disquieting that the House of Lords in _The
Achilleas (HL)_ were reversing the concurrent conclusions of the two
arbitrators who had been in the majority and of four extremely experienced and
highly respected commercial judges in the High Court and the Court of Appeal.
Moreover, although it was a unanimous decision in the House, Baroness Hale of
Richmond, at least, concurred only with strong reservations (see _The
Achilleas (HL)_ at [93]).

41 The root of the difference between the two groups of judges in fact lay in
the application of the conventional principle that a contract breaker will be
held liable for the full extent of the loss as long as the type or kind of
loss that has occurred was reasonably foreseeable at the time the contract,
even if its precise detail or extent were not: see _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1
(H G Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2012) at para 26-113. The owners
in _The Achilleas (HL)_ had claimed damages for late delivery of the vessel,
and these were quantified on one of two alternative bases:

(a) The difference between the rate at which the vessel had originally been
chartered to another charterer under a following fixture and the revised rate
that was fixed in return for the new charterer agreeing to extend the
cancellation date owing to the owner’s inability to deliver the vessel on
time. This was assessed for the full duration of the following fixture and was
quantified at US $1,364,587.37;

(b) The difference between the charter rate under the defendant’s charter and
the market rate for the nine days by which the defendant had delayed
redelivery of the vessel. This was quantified at just US $158,301.17.

The majority arbitrators held for the owners on the former basis on the ground
that it was a not unlikely consequence of the charterer’s late delivery of the
vessel that the owner would suffer such a type of loss from having to
renegotiate the terms of the following fixture. This was essentially the same
view taken in the High Court and in the Court of Appeal. The minority
arbitrator in his dissent considered that this was not correct because
although it was not unlikely that the owner might have to vary the terms of
the following fixture, the general understanding in the industry was that the
losses for which a defaulting charterer would be liable would be limited to
the difference between the charter rate and the market rate for the duration
of the delay. The majority accepted that this was the market understanding but
considered it irrelevant as a matter of law.

42 Although it may have appeared at first blush that the loss suffered by the
owner was the same – namely, the owner’s loss of revenue incurred by reason of
the late delivery – in fact there were two distinct types of losses that were
at play. One was the well-contained, quantifiable loss reflected in the
difference in the charter rates for the duration of the overrun; the other was
the open-ended and unquantifiable loss (and indeed risk) of the owner having
to vary the arrangements under a following fixture, none of the details of
which the charterer had any knowledge of. Lord Rodger explained that he
considered the latter was not recoverable because of extreme and volatile
market conditions that were unknown and unforeseeable to the charterer at the
time of the contract. He put it thus (at [60]):

60 Returning to the present case, I am satisfied that, when they entered into
the addendum in September 2003, neither party would reasonably have
contemplated that an overrun of nine days would “in the ordinary course of
things” cause the owners the kind of loss for which they claim damages. … It
occurred in this case only because of the extremely volatile market conditions
which produced both the owners’ initial (particularly lucrative) transaction,
with a third party, and the subsequent pressure on the owners to accept a
lower rate for that fixture. Back in September 2003, this loss could not have
been reasonably foreseen as being likely to arise of the delay in question. It
was accordingly, too remote to give rise to a claim for damages for breach of
contract.

43 Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe came to essentially the same view though he
first observed (at [84]) that it “was too crude a test … and … an error of law
to adopt”, as the majority arbitrators had done, the simple yardstick of
whether “the type of loss claimed was foreseeable”. Lord Walker’s further
observations at [82], [83] and [86] merit setting out at some length:

82 … There seems to be a gap in reasoning between the bare fact of missing a
fixture (an eventuality which would not in a rising market, occasion any
financial loss) and the very heavy financial loss for which the owners claimed
(and recovered) damages in this case. … A much closer authority would have
been the _Victoria Laundry_ case … in which the Court of Appeal declined to
award damages for the loss of unusually profitable dyeing contracts, but
indicated that recovery of some loss of profit on such contracts would be
possible … The loss of unusually profitable contracts, unknown to the vendor
of specialised equipment at the time of the sale contract, will often be a
“serious possibility” or “real danger”; but it was held not to be within the
reasonable contemplation of the parties to the sale contract.

83 So in this case, it was open to the arbitrators to conclude that for the
owners to miss a fixture was a “not unlikely” result of the delay, but it did
not follow from that the charterers were liable for an exceptionally large
loss … when the market fell suddenly and sharply ...

...

86 … [I]t was contrary to the principle stated in the _Victoria Laundry_ case,
and reaffirmed in _The Heron II_ , to suppose that the parties were
contracting on the basis that the charterers would be liable for any loss,
however large, occasioned by a delay in re-delivery, in circumstances where
the charterers had no knowledge of, or control over, the new fixture entered
into by the new owners.

44 The foregoing analysis simply highlights that the application of these
rules as to the remoteness of damage in contract depends greatly on the
particular facts of each case. Different heads of loss may seem to be of the
same type or nature and yet emerge on a proper analysis as being of quite
different types. It would be simplistic and ultimately unhelpful to argue that
a given head of loss is not too remote simply because it could semantically be
packaged within a broader category of loss that was foreseeable by the
contract breaker. To take the case at hand, while the type of loss here may be
characterised as wasted advertising expenses, it would be wrong to ignore the
special facts that pertain to the type and scale of the advertising costs that
were incurred here.

45 This very issue arose in _Victoria Laundry_ as noted in the observations of
Lord Walker that have just been set out. In that case, when the defendant
boilermaker was late in delivering the boiler that the plaintiff had ordered,
the plaintiff suffered the loss of some contracts as a result. But as observed
by Lord Hoffmann in _The Achilleas (HL)_ (at [22]), the Court of Appeal in
_Victoria Laundry_ did not “regard ‘loss of profits from the laundry business’
as a single type of loss. They distinguished … losses from ‘particularly
lucrative dyeing contracts’ as a different type of loss which would only be
recoverable if the defendant had sufficient knowledge of them …”.

46 While we agree with this, it does not lead inevitably to Lord Hoffmann’s
conclusion that this is so as a matter of the interpretation of the contract,
nor indeed that questions of remoteness are to be resolved in that way. In our
judgment, it is important in each case to segregate the question of the
interpretation of the contract from the question of remoteness. To take the
facts of this case, it simply does not aid the process to characterise the
issue in terms of whether, _as a matter of the interpretation of the Contract_
, WI had undertaken an obligation to pay the extensive wasted advertising
costs by way of damages in the event it failed to perform its primary
obligation to deliver the required quantities of 18 in a suitable quality.
Barring cases where the parties have agreed to liquidated damages as the
remedy for a breach, the secondary obligation to pay damages upon a breach is
a general one and it is a matter of applying the rules on remoteness as have
been developed in the cases to ascertain whether the contract breaker should
be held liable to pay the particular damages claimed. This, as we have seen,
turns on whether the contract breaker had such knowledge of the facts that
bore upon that risk as to render it just that he be held liable to pay such
damages.

47 A straightforward analytical framework for questions of remoteness of
damage would help ascertain in most cases the extent to which the defendant
can fairly be held liable for losses that are causally connected to his
breach. Such a framework would engender the following inquiries:

(a) First, what are the specific damages that have been claimed?

(b) Second, what are the facts that would have had a bearing on whether these
damages would have been within the reasonable contemplation of the parties had
they considered this at the time of the contract?

(c) Third, what are the facts that have been pleaded and proved either to have
in fact been known or to be taken to have been known by the defendant at the
time of the contract?

(d) Fourth, what are the circumstances in which those facts were brought home
to the defendant?

(e) Finally, in the light of the defendant’s knowledge and the circumstances
in which that knowledge arose, would the damages in question have been
considered by a reasonable person in the situation of the defendant at the
time of the contract to be foreseeable as a not unlikely consequence that he
should be liable for?

48 With these legal principles in mind, we now turn to the facts of the case
at hand.

Application of the law to the facts

49 The specific type of damages claimed here was the wastage of the extensive
advertising costs and expenses that OOTB had incurred in its effort to promote
18 and to make it a mighty brand. It bears emphasising that virtually nothing
was spent on developing the drink itself. There was no secret recipe or
special ingredient. OOTB’s plan was not for 18 to acquire a following because
of its particular taste or quality. Rather, OOTB’s plan was to take a generic
drink and thrust it into popular demand through its own advertising genius.

50 As a further example of the unusual nature of OOTB’s plans, we were told in
the course of the oral arguments that OOTB had at one point even tried to
engage the famous golfer Tiger Woods to be a brand ambassador for 18, but
failed to do so because Mr Woods was not willing or available to accept the
engagement. Having regard to the extremely modest nature of the investment to
the manufacture of the drink, this would have been nothing short of exorbitant
had the engagement in fact materialised.

51 As we have noted at [4] above, the Contract was a bare-bones document that
appeared to be nothing more than a routine contract for the supply of modest
quantities of a generic sports drink. There was nothing in the Contract which
suggested that the parties had together applied their minds to the sort of
advertising efforts or strategy that OOTB was planning to launch.

52 OOTB’s unique business strategy meant that it was exposed to risks (in
terms of the sort of damages it might incur) which are different from what
might have been faced by the average beverage distributor. The particular
facts that would bear upon the specific losses suffered in this case include
the scale of OOTB’s ambitions for 18 and its approach towards realising these
ambitions largely through advertising and promotion. Neither of these critical
facts was brought home to WI.

53 While WI would be taken to have known that the launch of any new product
would likely be accompanied by some measure of advertising expenses and
effort, it was not privy to OOTB’s grand plans for 18 and its unusual
endeavour to try to create a silk purse out of a sow’s ear by means of
advertising and brand promotion alone.

54 Without knowing these additional facts, WI would have approached the
contract on the footing simply that it was to manufacture a generic sports
drink and that OOTB had agreed to order at least 1,200 cartons of that drink
at a price of $10.30 for the first 4,000 cartons (and $10.50 thereafter). This
would have brought WI a modest sum of $12,360 in revenue. Yet, unbeknownst to
WI, OOTB had incurred an outlay in the region of $779,812.30 on advertising
and promoting 18. While the value of a contract does not limit the damages
that a plaintiff can claim for the defendant’s breach, it forms part of the
factual matrix that a court should consider in assessing what would reasonably
have been foreseeable to the defendant in all the circumstances at the time
the contract was entered into.

55 These additional facts, which WI was not aware of at all, bore directly on
the losses that have materialised. Without knowledge of these additional
facts, WI could not possibly have foreseen these losses and there was no basis
upon which WI could fairly be held liable for these losses. In short, we find
that WI simply could not have contemplated that on a contract of this sort, it
would be liable for such open-ended losses as were incurred by OOTB.

Conclusion

56 For these reasons, we dismissed OOTB’s appeal. As no appeal was filed by WI
against the others parts of the Judge’s decision, we did not disturb them. In
the event, we thought it fair to award WI only the disbursements it incurred
for the appeal because we found for it not on the grounds that had been
advanced before us.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Feb 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

