Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mrs Yang Chun née Sun Hui Min _v_ Yang Chia Yin  
[2013] SGHC 204

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 205 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Philip Fong and Shazana Anuar (Harry Elias Partnership
LLP) for the plaintiff; Adrian Chong (Low Yeap Toh & Goon) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Mrs Yang Chun née Sun Hui Min — Yang Chia Yin  
  
3 October 2013|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 Mrs Yang Chun née Sun Hui Min (“the plaintiff”) is the widow of the late
Yang Chun @ Yang Jack (“the Deceased”). Yang Chia Yin (“the defendant”) is the
sole executor and trustee of the Deceased’s estate. The plaintiff is also the
defendant’s aunt. She was married to the younger brother of the defendant’s
late father.

2 This Originating Summons No 205 of 2013 (“OS 205/2013”), was an application
made by the plaintiff under O 80 r 2(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”), praying for orders to be made against the
defendant for the defendant’s alleged failure to administer the Deceased’s
estate in accordance with the Deceased’s wishes.

3 OS 205/2013 first came on for hearing on 23 July 2013. Having heard
arguments from counsel for both parties, I adjourned the hearing of OS
205/2013 but made the following interim orders:

(a) The defendant was to pay to the plaintiff’s solicitors the sum of $100,000
to defray the plaintiff’s future medical expenses as well as reimburse Sun Chi
Hao @ Yang Howard (“Howard”) the sum of $52,202.53 incurred by him for the
plaintiff’s medical expenses, such payment to be made within 14 days of 23
July 2013.

(b) Within 14 days of 23 July 2013, the defendant was to lodge with the
Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”) the Instrument of Transmission upon Death to
transfer the share of Yang Chun @ Yang Jack in No. 36 Tomlinson Road #11-38,
Singapore 247856 (“the Property”) to himself and to the plaintiff as joint
tenants.

(c) Costs of $3,500 were awarded to the plaintiff plus disbursements on a
reimbursement basis (inclusive of the cost of obtaining affidavits and medical
reports from the plaintiff’s doctors), to be borne by the defendant
personally.

4 The parties appeared before this court again on 20 August 2013 to seek
clarification as to the interim orders I had made. At the close of the
hearing, I varied my interim orders made on 23 July 2013 to the extent that if
the defendant failed or neglected to file the Notice of Death (not the
Instrument of Transmission upon Death) for the Deceased within 10 days of a
request in writing from the plaintiff’s solicitors, the Registrar of the
Supreme Court was empowered to do so on his behalf.

5 By way of Civil Appeal No 96 of 2013, the defendant has appealed against the
whole of my decision. I now set out the reasons for my decision.

Background

6 The Deceased passed away on 15 May 2012. He left a will dated 29 November
2007 (“the Will”). The Will provided, _inter alia_ , that the defendant would
hold $300,000 on trust for the care and maintenance of the plaintiff during
her lifetime. Thereafter, the balance of this sum was to be given to the
defendant absolutely.

7 Under the Will, the defendant was appointed the sole executor and trustee of
the Deceased’s estate. On 23 August 2012, the defendant obtained a grant of
probate to administer the Deceased’s estate.

8 In addition to the Will, the Deceased had also during his lifetime lodged an
instrument of transfer with the SLA in respect of the Property. The instrument
of transfer was registered with the SLA on 23 May 2004. As a result of the
said transfer, the Deceased, the plaintiff and the defendant held the Property
as joint tenants.

9 On 11 October 2012, the plaintiff signed a lasting power of attorney (“the
LPA”) in favour of her nephew, Howard, as the donee. Howard was the son of the
plaintiff’s younger brother. According to Howard, he had previously lived in
Singapore with the Deceased and the plaintiff for eight years. Howard said
that he treated the Deceased and the plaintiff as if they were his own
parents.

10 In 1982, Howard moved to America for his studies. Thereafter he remained in
America and visited the Deceased and the plaintiff once a year or every two
years. He said that they remained close and on good terms as relatives. Upon
hearing of the Deceased’s passing on 15 May 2012, Howard immediately returned
to Singapore to assist with the funeral arrangements.

11 Subsequently (on 31 August 2012), Howard returned to Singapore to visit the
plaintiff. According to Howard, he found her to be in a very poor physical
condition. In those circumstances, he arranged for one Dr Madeleine Chew (“Dr
Chew”) to attend to the plaintiff at her home.

12 On 17 October 2012, the plaintiff signed a general power of attorney (“the
POA”) appointing Howard as her attorney with the power to manage her affairs.
On the same day, the plaintiff also made a will.

13 Howard wrote to the defendant on 10 December 2012, requesting reimbursement
of the medical bills he had incurred for the plaintiff’s treatment. A copy of
the POA was enclosed with the said letter to show the defendant that Howard
had authority to act on the plaintiff’s behalf. Despite this, the defendant
refused to reimburse Howard for the medical bills Howard had incurred.

The Procedural History

14 On 11 January 2013, the defendant filed an _ex parte_ Originating Summons
(Family) No 9 of 2013 (OSF 9/2013). In OSF 9/2013, the defendant objected to
the registration of the LPA on the ground that the plaintiff lacked capacity
when she purportedly executed the LPA.

15 On 4 March 2013, in the exercise of his powers under the POA, Howard filed
OS 205/2013 on the plaintiff’s behalf. The plaintiff sought, _inter alia_ ,
orders that: (a) the defendant was to furnish and verify accounts to the
plaintiff or Howard in respect of the Deceased’s estate; (b) the defendant was
to administer the assets of the Deceased expeditiously in accordance with the
Will, including reimbursing the plaintiff for all medical expenses incurred by
her (through Howard); and (c) the defendant was to take all necessary steps to
notify the SLA of the Deceased’s passing and to effect the transfer of the
Deceased’s share in the Property to the plaintiff.

16 The defendant opposed the plaintiff’s application on the ground that the
plaintiff lacked capacity at the time she executed the POA. Accordingly, the
defendant said that Howard lacked standing to file OS 205/2013 on the
plaintiff’s behalf.

17 On 19 April 2013, the defendant filed Summons No 2090 of 2013 (“SUM
2090/2013”), praying for an order that OS 205/2013 be stayed pending the
outcome of OSF 9/2013. The application for a stay was made on the ground that
the defendant was challenging both the LPA and the POA in OSF 9/2013.
Therefore, the defendant said that to allow OS 205/2013 to continue would
result in duplicitous proceedings.

18 SUM 2090/2013 was heard by an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) on 10 June
2013. The AR dismissed the application on the ground that there was no
multiplicity of proceedings because OSF 9/2013 only dealt with the validity of
the LPA and not the POA. The defendant did not appeal against the AR’s
decision.

OS 205/2013

19 At the hearing of OS 205/2013 on 23 July 2013, counsel for the defendant
(“Mr Chong”) informed the Court that the defendant had applied, _vide_ Summons
No 3755 of 2013 (“SUM 3755/2013”), to convert OS 205/2013 into a writ action
under O 28 r 8 of the Rules. He said that the medical affidavits filed in OS
205/2013 and OSF 9/2013 raised substantial questions of fact which
necessitated cross-examination. Mr Chong requested that the hearing of OS
205/2013 be adjourned to a later date, pending the hearing of SUM 3755/2013.

20 Counsel for the plaintiff (“Mr Fong”) informed the Court that SUM 3755/2013
was only served on the plaintiff on the morning of 23 July 2013. Further, Mr
Fong objected to the adjournment on the ground that SUM 3755/2013 was a
delaying tactic on the defendant’s part. If the Court was minded to grant the
adjournment requested, Mr Fong asked that interim orders be made.

The decision

21 The following doctors filed affidavits in OS 205/2013 and OSF 9/2013 on the
plaintiff’s mental capacity at the time she executed the POA:

(a) Dr Chew (expert for the plaintiff);

(b) Dr Chan Kin Ming (“Dr Chan”) (expert for the plaintiff);

(c) Dr Francis Ngui Tet Shin (“Dr Ngui”) (expert for the defendant);

(d) Dr Sitoh Yih Yiow (“Dr Sitoh”) (expert for the defendant);

(e) Dr Yeo Kah Loke Brian Andrew (“Dr Yeo”) (expert for the defendant); and

(f) Dr Lee Keng Thon (“Dr Lee”) (expert for the defendant).

22 Having read those affidavits and considered the arguments of counsel for
both parties, I was of the view that the hearing of OS 205/2013 ought to be
adjourned to a later date, pending the hearing of the defendant’s application
in SUM 3755/2013. For the avoidance of doubt, I would add that I made no
finding as to the plaintiff’s capacity at the time she executed the POA.

23 However, as counsel for the plaintiff had rightly pointed out, the
defendant’s application to convert OS 205/2013 into a writ action under O 28 r
8 of the Rules did not preclude the Court from making interim orders pending
its hearing. In this regard, O 80 r 4 of the Rules provides:

In an administration action or such an action as is referred to in Rule 2, the
Court may make any certificate or order and grant any relief to which the
plaintiff may be entitled by reason of any breach of trust, wilful default or
other misconduct of the defendant _notwithstanding that the action was begun
by originating summons, but the foregoing provision is without prejudice to
the power of the Court to make an order under Order 28, Rule 8, in relation to
the action_.

[emphasis added]

The payment of the plaintiff’s medical expenses

24 Howard alleged that the defendant had failed to ensure that the plaintiff
received the proper medical care that she required. Therefore, he arranged for
Dr Chew to attend to the plaintiff at her home. Howard also claimed that the
plaintiff’s physical and mental condition had shown a marked improvement since
Dr Chew began treating her in September 2012. In those circumstances, he asked
that the cost of the plaintiff’s treatment by Dr Chew be paid out of the
Deceased’s estate.

25 Dr Chew said that when she first saw the plaintiff, the plaintiff was
unfocused and unresponsive. Dr Chew also found swelling in the plaintiff’s
lower limbs and lungs. Dr Chew was of the view that the swelling in the
plaintiff’s lungs was caused by the plaintiff’s inability to swallow properly
at times (due to a previous stroke), causing food and liquid to go into her
lungs. This caused the plaintiff to suffer from episodes of coughing. Dr
Chew’s subsequent investigations revealed that the plaintiff was suffering
from renal impairment, low sodium levels, low albumin levels and a urinary
tract infection. The plaintiff was also found to be taking a drug known as
Risperidal, which was prescribed by Dr Lee, to help with her poor sleep.

26 The treatment administered by Dr Chew to the plaintiff included: (a)
administering intravenous sodium and albumin drips; (b) administering
antibiotics to treat the plaintiff’s urinary tract infection; (c) inserting a
urinary catheter to deal with the plaintiff’s incontinence; (d) taking the
plaintiff off Risperidal; (e) administering intravenous anti-inflammatory
drips to reduce swelling in the plaintiff’s lungs; (f) arranging for the
plaintiff to see a speech and swallow therapist; (g) arranging for the
plaintiff to see a physical therapist; and (h) examining the plaintiff once or
twice a month.

27 Dr Chew’s diagnosis and treatment of the plaintiff was supported by Dr Chan
in his report dated 2 March 2013. Dr Chan was of the opinion that Dr Chew’s
treatment of the plaintiff was appropriate in the circumstances. He also
expressed the opinion that Dr Lee’s prescription of Risperdal for the
plaintiff (which had a sedative effect) was inappropriate, given the
plaintiff’s age and her history of Parkinson’s disease. Dr Chan was also of
the opinion that while a 1mg dose of Risperdal (as Dr Lee had prescribed) was
low for a young and physically healthy patient, this was not the case for a
patient of the plaintiff’s age and with her medical history.

28 Against this, the defendant made four main allegations. First, the
defendant said that he had provided the plaintiff with a comfortable life. In
this regard, adequate medical care was already being provided for the
plaintiff by Dr Lee and Dr Sitoh. Secondly, the defendant said that the
treatment administered by Dr Chew was unnecessary and excessive. Thirdly, the
defendant said that it was the Deceased’s intention that he be the plaintiff’s
caregiver. Therefore, Howard should not have engaged Dr Chew to treat the
plaintiff without having first having consulted him or Dr Lee, who had been
seeing the plaintiff since 1995. Finally, the defendant said that Howard’s
involvement in the matter was motivated by self-interest and aimed at
obtaining a share of the Deceased’s assets.

29 The defendant’s position with regard to the medical care required by the
plaintiff was supported by Dr Lee in his affidavit dated 8 May 2013 filed in
OSF 9/2013. Dr Lee said that he was aware of the plaintiff’s renal impairment,
low sodium levels and low albumin levels since September 2011. However, he did
not suggest active treatment as the plaintiff’s condition was stable. As
regards the treatment of the plaintiff’s incontinence, Dr Lee was of the view
that a diaper-dependent approach was preferable as the use of a catheter would
lead to more aggressive urinary tract infections in due course. Further, the
frequent insertion of catheters and intravenous drips would have caused the
plaintiff pain and discomfort. In the light of the above, Dr Lee elected to
take a “less interventionist approach” to the plaintiff’s treatment and would
only treat her illnesses where there were symptoms affecting the plaintiff’s
comfort and quality of life.

30 The Court took issue with Dr Lee’s “less interventionist approach”. Neither
he nor the defendant denied Howard’s allegation that Dr Lee prescribed
antibiotic medicine for the plaintiff on the defendant’s instructions in July
2012 without examining the plaintiff. Indeed in his affidavit at [29] above,
Dr Lee (at para 5) deposed that the plaintiff’s maid Ah Mooi came to his
clinic to collect the plaintiff’s medication on 10 August 2012. Dr Lee in
effect abrogated his duties as a medical doctor by taking instructions from
the defendant on the plaintiff’s care.

31 In response to Dr Chan’s allegation that Risperdal was an inappropriate
medication to treat the plaintiff’s inability to sleep, Dr Lee denied that he
had prescribed Risperdal for poor sleep. Instead, he had prescribed Risperdal
in March 2007 when the plaintiff had displayed symptoms of behavioural
problems. This was stopped sometime in September 2008 when the plaintiff was
given Zopiclone and Zolpidem for poor sleep. Risperdal was re-started in
January 2009 at the request of the Deceased as the plaintiff could not sleep
well with Zopiclone.

32 Having read all the affidavits filed in the proceedings, I accepted that
the plaintiff’s condition had shown a marked improvement as a result of the
treatment Howard had arranged for her. The treatment prescribed by Dr Chew was
not excessive or unreasonable. It was in the plaintiff’s interest for such
treatment to continue. Further, I was satisfied that Howard was not motivated
by self-interest when he arranged for the plaintiff to be seen by Dr Chew.

33 I found that the defendant had clearly not discharged his duties as
executor of the Deceased’s estate as regards caring for the plaintiff.
Although the Will provided for the sum of $300,000 to be held on trust by the
defendant for the plaintiff’s care and maintenance, this did not confer on the
defendant a _carte blanche_ to care for the plaintiff as he deemed fit.
Rather, the fact that the Deceased had bequeathed the considerable sum of
$300,000 for the plaintiff’s care and maintenance suggested that the Deceased
had intended for her to live out her remaining days in as much comfort as
possible.

34 In this regard, I did not accept the defendant’s contention that the
plaintiff was well cared for him. Although he did not neglect caring for the
plaintiff entirely, it was clear that more pro-active and appropriate steps
could have and should have been taken by him to improve the plaintiff’s
physical and mental well-being. This was especially so given the substantial
funds which the defendant had at his disposal but which he was obviously
reluctant to spend on the plaintiff.

35 Accordingly, I was of the view that it was appropriate to order that the
defendant pay the plaintiff the interim sum of $100,000 to defray the cost of
her treatment by Dr Chew, pending the hearing of SUM 3755/2013 and OS
205/2013. At the time OS 205/2013 came to be heard by me, Howard had already
spent $52,202.53 (supported by documentary evidence) on the plaintiff’s
medical treatment and supplies. Therefore, I ordered that this sum should be
reimbursed to him from the $100,000.

The transfer of the Property to the plaintiff

36 At the time OS 205/2013 was heard, the defendant had not taken any steps
whatsoever to notify the SLA of the Deceased’s death so as to ensure that the
land register was updated to reflect the plaintiff’s and the defendant’s
entitlement to the whole of the Property as the surviving joint-tenants.

37 In his affidavits filed on 16 May 2013 and 9 July 2013, the defendant said
that he had not filed the Notice of Death because he had been advised by his
solicitors that it was legally impossible to transfer the property as the
plaintiff was mentally incapacitated and unable to sign the Notice of Death.
At the hearing, Mr Chong confirmed that the defendant had been so advised by
his firm.

38 It was my view that the defendant’s excuses were untenable. As surviving
joint tenants, the plaintiff and the defendant would automatically be entitled
to the whole of the Property upon the Deceased’s demise by virtue of the right
of survivorship. There was no need for the beneficial title in the Property to
be separately transferred to the defendant.

39 As regards the passing of legal title, it was apposite to refer to s 114 of
the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the LTA”) which provides as
follows:

**114.** —(1) Upon the death of a joint tenant or of a life tenant of
registered land, the proprietor who has become entitled to that land
consequent upon that death may apply in the approved form to have the death
notified on the land-register.

(2) Upon proof to his satisfaction of such a death, the Registrar shall make
such entries in the land-register as may be necessary to indicate that the
interest of the deceased proprietor has determined, and that the land has
become vested in the survivor or other person entitled in the reversion or
remainder, as the case may be.

...

40 In my view, s 114 of the LTA did not require all the surviving joint
tenants to file a Notice of Death. The filing of the Notice of Death did not
serve the function of effecting a transfer of the property to the surviving
joint-tenants. Rather, it served the administrative function of giving notice
of the death of a joint tenant to the Registrar of Land Titles who was then
obliged to update the land-register upon being satisfied of such a death.
Further, there was nothing in s 114 that detracted from the right of
survivorship of the remaining joint tenants.

41 I therefore did not accept the defendant’s contention that he had not filed
the Notice of Death because it was legally impossible for the Property to be
transferred to the plaintiff. Quite clearly, the defendant could have taken
steps to file the Notice of Death with the SLA but had made no attempt to do
so for his own selfish reasons. The plaintiff’s lack of capacity, as alleged
by the defendant, was irrelevant to this issue.

42 Mr Fong also submitted that if the defendant genuinely believed that the
plaintiff’s alleged lack of capacity prevented him from filing of the Notice
of Death, he could have taken steps to: (a) engage a doctor to assess whether
the plaintiff indeed lacked capacity; or (b) apply for a court order for the
Notice of Death to be lodged on the plaintiff’s behalf in the event that the
plaintiff was in fact found to have lacked capacity. Mr Fong said that the
defendant had conveniently omitted to take either course of action. Instead,
he chose to make a bare assertion that the plaintiff lacked capacity. I agreed
with Mr Fong’s submissions in this regard.

43 Consequently, I ordered that within 14 days of 23 July 2013, the defendant
was to notify the SLA of the Deceased death so as to transfer the Deceased’s
share in the Property to the defendant and the plaintiff as joint tenants.

44 On 20 August 2013, the parties appeared the court again to seek
clarification of the earlier orders made on 23 July 2013. Mr Chong informed
the Court that he had written to the SLA and had received a reply from SLA to
the effect that both the plaintiff and the defendant were required to execute
the Notice of Death.

45 For the reasons I had set out at [39] above, I did not agree with the
stance adopted by the SLA. In this regard. Mr Fong informed the Court that if
the Registrar for Titles took the view that both the plaintiff and the
defendant had to sign the Notice of Death, the plaintiff’s solicitors would
arrange for the plaintiff to do so.

46 Mr Fong also submitted that pursuant to s 14(1) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed), the Court had the power to and should
order the Registrar of the Supreme Court to execute the Notice of the Death on
the defendant’s behalf if he failed to do so. I accepted Mr Fong’s
submissions. Accordingly, I amended the orders I had made on 27 July 2013 to
that extent. All other orders made on that date were to remain.

The defendant’s delay in filing SUM 3755/2013

47 In making the interim orders, I was also mindful of the defendant’s delay
in filing SUM 3755/2013. On 20 July 2013, Mr Chong had written to the Court to
ask for the hearing of OS 205/2013 to be adjourned to a later date. Mr Chong
gave two reasons for his request. First, Mr Chong said that the defendant
needed more time to file its submissions as the plaintiff had filed two
voluminous medical affidavits. Mr Chong’s second reason was that in light of a
letter the defendant had obtained from Dr Lee on 20 July 2013, the defendant
saw it fit to apply to convert OS 205/2013 into a writ action.

48 Having read Dr Lee’s letter, I was of the view that the defendant ought to
have filed SUM 3755/2013 earlier. In these proceedings, it was always the
defendant’s position that the plaintiff lacked capacity to execute the POA.
Most of the doctor’s affidavits were filed by May 2013. Dr Lee’s letter, in
which he stated his opinion that the plaintiff lacked mental capacity when he
visited her on 10 July 2013, did little to affect the defendant’s position.
The alleged questions of fact which the defendant said warranted a conversion
of OS 205/2013 into a writ action were in existence from the time these
proceedings were commenced. The application by SUM 3755/2013 was not made
_bona fide_ but was yet another delaying tactic on the part of the defendant
which no court should condone.

Conclusion

49 For the above reasons, I made the orders set out at [3] above. I also
ordered the defendant to pay the plaintiff’s costs, fixed at $3,500 excluding
disbursements on a reimbursement basis. Such disbursements were to include the
cost of obtaining medical reports and affidavits from the plaintiff’s doctors.
Because of his conduct, costs were also ordered to be borne by the defendant
personally and not to be paid out of the Deceased’s estate.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

