Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  JR Marine Systems Pte Ltd _v_ Rankine Bernadette Adeline and another  
[2013] SGHC 277

Case Number| :| Suit No 782 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 24 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 December 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Uthayasurian s/o Sidambaram (Surian & Partners) for the
appellant; Tan Shien Loon Lawrence and Poonaam Bai d/o Ramakrishnan
Gnanasekaran (Eldan Law LLP) for the first respondent; Tnee Zixian, Keith (Tan
Kok Quan Partnership) on watching brief for the second respondent.  
Parties| :|  JR Marine Systems Pte Ltd — Rankine Bernadette Adeline and
another  
  
24 December 2013|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the learned assistant registrar
Teo Guan Kee (“AR Teo”) on 7 January 2013 allowing the application of Rankine
Bernadette Adeline (the “First Respondent”) in Summons No 5744 of 2012 (“SUM
5744/2012”) to strike out the statement of claim filed by JR Marine Systems
Pte Ltd (the “Appellant”). After hearing the parties on 6 September 2013, I
dismissed the appeal. The Appellant has appealed against my decision and I now
set out the grounds of my decision.

Background facts

2 On 19 September 2012, the Appellant commenced Suit No 782 of 2012 (“Suit
782/2012”), praying for: (a) a declaration that it was the rightful owner of
one million shares (the “Shares”) in Berlian Ferries Pte Ltd (the “Second
Respondent”); and (b) injunctions restraining the Respondents from dealing
with the Shares. In its statement of claim, the Appellant pleaded that the
First Respondent held the Shares on resulting trust for the Appellant.

3 On 23 October 2012, the First Respondent filed her defence. It stated that
the Shares were a gift from one Amin Shah and that the First Respondent was
the legal and beneficial owner of the Shares. The First Respondent also
pleaded that the Appellant was estopped from asserting its ownership in the
Shares because she had previously obtained a declaration that she was the
legal and beneficial owner of the Shares. This declaration was made on 29 June
2012 pursuant to Summons No 5495 of 2011 in Suit No 266 of 2010 (“Suit
266/2010”). In addition, the First Respondent pleaded that the Appellant had
knowledge of the judgment obtained by her against Chenet Finance Limited
(“Chenet”) in Suit No 971 of 2009 (“Suit 971/2009”) where she had also been
declared as the legal and beneficial owner of the Shares.

4 It would be appropriate at this point to provide a brief overview of the two
related suits mentioned above. Sometime in 2009, the First Respondent
discovered that the Shares which were in her name had been transferred without
her authority to Chenet. She therefore brought a claim against Chenet in Suit
971/2009 for the return of the Shares to her and applied for summary judgment.
Kan Ting Chiu J granted Chenet leave to defend on the condition that Chenet
furnished security of $200,000. Chenet failed to do so and judgment was
entered in favour of the First Respondent on 31 January 2011. The Appellant
was not a party to Suit 971/2009.

5 Meanwhile, prior to judgment in Suit 971/2009 being obtained by the First
Respondent, the Appellant had commenced Suit 266/2010 against, _inter alia_ ,
Chenet for the return of two million shares in the Second Respondent. The two
million shares sought by the Appellant included the First Respondent’s Shares
then held by Chenet pursuant to the unauthorised transfers referred to in [4]
above. Chenet, a preponderant majority shareholder of the Appellant, filed its
defence admitting that the Appellant was the owner of the two million shares
and the Appellant subsequently obtained judgment against Chenet for the two
million shares on 29 October 2010. The First Respondent then intervened to set
aside the judgment. She succeeded in doing so and obtained a declaration that
she was the legal and beneficial owner of the Shares on 29 June 2012.

6 Returning to the present matter, the First Respondent applied on 7 November
2012, in SUM 5744/2012, to strike out the Appellant’s statement of claim. At
the hearing of SUM 5744/2012 on 29 November 2012, counsel for the Appellant at
the hearing, Mr Boey Swee Siang (“Mr Boey”), sought an adjournment because he
had only been appointed the day before the hearing. AR Teo granted the
adjournment.

7 On 7 January 2013, AR Teo granted the orders sought in SUM 5744/2012 and
ordered costs of $7,000 and reasonable disbursements to the First Respondent.
The Appellant then filed Registrar’s Appeal No 24 of 2013 (“RA 24/2013”)
against AR Teo’s decision.

8 At the hearing of RA 24/2013 on 13 March 2013 before Tay Yong Kwang J, the
Appellant’s counsel at that time, Mr Navin Joseph Lobo, sought an adjournment.
He explained at the hearing that his firm could no longer act for the
Appellant and that “[o]ne of the reasons [for not being able to act] is
conflict”. He also explained that this change of circumstances had happened in
“the last one week”. After hearing the parties, Tay J granted the adjournment.

9 On 5 September 2013, one day before the re-scheduled hearing of RA 24/2013,
counsel for the Appellant, Mr Uthayasurian Sidambaram (“Mr Surian”), filed
Summons No 4636 of 2013 (“SUM 4636/2013”) to discharge himself as the
Appellant’s solicitor for the reason that he was unable or not prepared to act
in accordance with certain instructions that he had been given by the
Appellant that same day.

10 On 6 September 2013, I heard SUM 4636/2013 together with RA 24/2013. I did
not allow Mr Surian’s application to discharge himself at this late stage
because there had already been inordinate delay in these proceedings. I was of
the view that the Appellant was responsible in the main for the delay. If the
Appellant had intended to give certain instructions to Mr Surian, this should
have been done much earlier and not on the eve of the hearing date. Giving
instructions to Mr Surian in a timely manner would have allowed the Appellant
to appoint another counsel in the event that Mr Surian declined to act in
accordance with the Appellant’s instructions. Moreover, this was not the first
time that the Appellant had attempted to adjourn the proceedings in this
matter by a change of solicitors. I agreed with the First Respondent’s
submission that the changing of solicitors was merely a ploy by the Appellant
to delay proceedings and had been used on other occasions (_viz_ , on 29
November 2012 and 7 January 2013 before AR Teo and on 13 March 2013 before Tay
J). In the circumstances, I disallowed the application in SUM 4636/2013.

11 Mr Surian then proceeded to present his client’s case using the written
submissions dated 19 February 2013 prepared by the Appellant’s previous
solicitor, Mr Boey. Mr Surian did not prepare any written submissions of his
own. Given that Mr Surian had been appointed to act for the Appellant on 16
April 2013 and that he had only been informed by the Appellant on 5 September
2013 of certain instructions that he was unwilling to carry out, one would
have expected Mr Surian to have prepared his own set of submissions for the
hearing on 6 September 2013. His failure to do so raised doubts about the
genuineness of his appointment and fortified my view that the Appellant’s
multiple changes of solicitors were merely a ploy to delay the proceedings.

The decision below

12 AR Teo ordered the striking out of the Appellant’s statement of claim and
dismissed the action because the proceedings constituted an abuse of process
under O 18 r 19(1)(_d_) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“Rules of Court”). In his view, the issue of resulting trust was intimately
connected with the beneficial ownership of the Shares and ought to have been
raised in the earlier proceedings brought by the Appellant.

Appellant’s case

13 The Appellant’s position was that the First Respondent was at all material
times holding the Shares on resulting trust for the Appellant because she did
not furnish any consideration for the Shares. In support of this position, Mr
Surian argued that the Appellant was not estopped from bringing the present
suit because the present suit had no identity of subject matter with Suit
971/2009 or Suit 266/2010. Mr Surian elaborated that the issue of whether the
First Respondent held the Shares on resulting trust for the Appellant had not
been distinctly determined by the court at any point of time.

14 Mr Surian also submitted that there were special circumstances rendering it
unjust for the court to estop the Appellant from continuing the present suit.
It was alleged that after the conclusion of Suit 266/2010, the Appellant
“uncovered” new evidence that showed that the First Respondent did not furnish
any consideration for the Shares.

The First Respondent’s case

15 Counsel for the First Respondent, Mr Lawrence Tan (“Mr Tan”), argued that
the Appellant’s claim was frivolous and vexatious because it did not represent
a _bona fide_ claim. The current proceedings were part of a grander scheme by
the Appellant and the Second Respondent to deprive the First Respondent of her
rights to the Shares. Further, the declarations in Suit 266/2010 and Suit
971/2009 had not been appealed against and the current proceedings were an
attempt to circumvent those declarations. Mr Tan also argued that the current
proceedings were an abuse of the court process because the Appellant was
trying to re-litigate issues that had already been decided.

My decision

16 The Court of Appeal in _Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee
Chong Jin_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 made the following pertinent observations
regarding O 18 r 19(1)(_d_) of the Rules of Court (at [22]):

The term, “abuse of the process of the Court”, in O 18 r 19(1)(_d_), has been
given a wide interpretation by the courts. It includes considerations of
public policy and the interests of justice. This term signifies that the
process of the court must be used _bona fide_ and properly and must not be
abused. The court will prevent the improper use of its machinery. It will
prevent the judicial process from being used as a means of vexation and
oppression in the process of litigation. The categories of conduct rendering a
claim frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of process are not closed and will
depend on all the relevant circumstances of the case. A type of conduct which
has been judicially acknowledged as an abuse of process is the bringing of an
action for a collateral purpose, as was raised by the respondents. In _Lonrho
plc v Fayed (No 5)_ [1993] 1 WLR 1489, Stuart-Smith LJ stated that, if an
action was not brought _bona fide_ for the purpose of obtaining relief but for
some other ulterior or collateral purpose, it might be struck out as an abuse
of the process of the court.

17 In my judgment, the Appellant’s institution of the present proceedings was
an abuse of process under O 18 r 19(1)(_d_) of the Rules of Court. The First
Respondent was declared to be the legal and beneficial owner of the shares in
both Suit 266/2010 and Suit 971/2009. Despite these declarations, the
Appellant sought, in these proceedings, a contradictory declaration that it
was the rightful owner of the Shares. To this end, the Appellant asserted that
the First Respondent was holding the Shares on resulting trust for the
Appellant. In truth, I found that the present proceedings were no more than an
attempt by the Appellant to re-litigate and nullify the declarations made in
Suit 266/2010 and Suit 971/2009.

18 If the Appellant had intended to assert the existence of a resulting trust,
this issue should have been raised earlier in Suit 266/2010 because it was
intimately connected with the issue of the legal and beneficial ownership of
the Shares. However, the Appellant failed to do so. In fact, the Appellant
failed to respond to the First Respondent’s claim on this particular issue
when she claimed in her affidavit that she was not holding the Shares on trust
for anyone (see [8] of the First Respondent’s affidavit dated 2 December
2011). Furthermore, the Appellant did not appeal the order declaring the First
Respondent as the legal and beneficial owner of the shares in Suit 266/2010.
Having exhausted the proper avenues for challenging the declaration in Suit
266/2010, the Appellant sought to re-open and re-litigate the issue of the
ownership of the Shares by instituting the present proceedings. I found that
this was plainly a disingenuous attempt to circumvent the declaration made in
Suit 266/2010 and an improper use of the court’s machinery.

19 I also did not think that the new evidence uncovered by the Appellant
advanced its case in any meaningful way. The Appellant argued that the
corporate secretarial documents of the Second Respondent revealed that the
First Respondent did not furnish any consideration for the Shares. Quite to
the contrary, the minutes of an extraordinary general meeting held on 26 March
2004 (Pandian Paradesimudaliar’s affidavit dated 19 September 2012, exhibit
P-3, p 4) showed that the First Respondent _had_ , in fact, furnished a sum of
S$1m for the Shares.

20 Similarly, the evidence of the share transfer in 2005 did not advance the
Appellant’s case because it had already been determined in Suit 971/2009 that
the acquisition of the Shares by Chenet pursuant to this share transfer was
invalid and void and that the First Respondent remained the legal and
beneficial owner of the Shares. The next piece of new evidence relied on by
the Appellant was a statutory declaration made by one Amin Shah dated 13
September 2012 stating that he had never given the Shares to the First
Respondent. I attributed little weight to this belated declaration because it
could have been made earlier to challenge the First Respondent’s claim to the
Shares in Suit 266/2010. However, no explanation was forthcoming for the
appearance of this document at this late stage. To my mind, therefore, the
declaration appeared to be another belated attempt by the Appellant to prevent
the rightful return of the Shares to the First Respondent.

21 I have one final observation. The Appellant’s conduct in this matter and
its related proceedings was consistent with the First Respondent’s claim that
the Appellant was trying, at every turn, to prevent the First Respondent from
receiving the Shares that she was rightfully entitled to. I also took a dim
view of the Appellant’s multiple and belated changes of solicitors that
appeared to be calculated to delay these proceedings and prevent the return of
the Shares to the First Respondent. I was satisfied that the Appellant’s
present suit was vexatious and an abuse of process within the meaning of O 18
r 19(1)(_d_) of the Rules of Court.

Conclusion

22 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the Appellant’s appeal and ordered
costs of the appeal to the First Respondent to be taxed unless agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Dec 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

