Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lateral Capital Group Pte Ltd _v_ ChemOne Holdings Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHC 143

Case Number| :| Suit No 265 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gan Kam Yuin and Cheng Geok Lin Angelyn (Bih Li & Lee)
for the plaintiff; Ling Daw Hoang Philip and Ang Hou Fu (Wong Tan & Molly Lim
LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lateral Capital Group Pte Ltd — ChemOne Holdings Pte Ltd  
  
23 July 2013| Extempore Judgment.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 This action concerns the engagement of the plaintiff, Lateral Capital Group
Pte Ltd, (“LCG”) to provide finance advisory services to the defendant,
ChemOne Holdings Pte Ltd (“ChemOne”), who was the originator and developer of
a US$2.4 billion aromatic chemicals plant on Jurong Island (“the JAC
project”). After the parties closed their respective case, I heard submissions
on four issues:

(1) The preliminary question of law framed by the parties involves a
construction of the Engagement Letter dated 7 December 2009 and Scope of Work
attached thereto based on a set of agreed facts (ref. Annex A).

(2) The quantum of LCG’s fee claim. Is the fee payable US$768,042, or
US$470,387.50? This issue only arises if the answer to issue (1) is “no’.

(3) LCG’s claim of S$40,000. This claim is advanced on alternative bases: (a)
an alleged agreement between LCG and ChemOne to retain LCG to continue to
provide financial advisory services, through Robin Leigh, on a monthly
retainer fee of S$10,000 (see para 13 of the Statement of Claim); or (b) a
_quantum meruit_ claim for work done by LCG at ChemOne’s request from
September to December 2011 (see para 16 of the Statement of Claim).

(4) ChemOne’s counterclaim to recover S$30,000 paid to LCG under a mistake of
fact (see para 11 of the Defence).

2 I should make clear that the first issue is based on an agreed set of facts.
On the other hand, the court’s determination of the other three issues is
based on evidence before the court.

Issue 1: The preliminary question

3 Counsel for both sides put before this court a preliminary question and a
set of agreed facts. As I understand it, the agreed facts were what the
parties were comfortable with. Needless to say the wording of the preliminary
question is thus constrained by the limited number of agreed facts. Parties
have accepted such a constraint and I note counsel’s repeated affirmation to
stay within the confines of the agreed facts. I have to be guided by
experienced counsel who took time to draft the preliminary question
recognising at the same time that an answer from this court would resolve one
main issue in dispute thereby saving time and costs for the parties. The
parties worded the preliminary question as follows:

Whether, on the true construction of the Engagement Letter dated 7 December
2009 and the Scope of Work attached thereto, the Plaintiff’s entitlement to be
paid a Fee (as calculated in the Scope of Work) by the Defendants was
conditional upon the Plaintiffs showing that the negotiations that the
Plaintiffs led with the potential investors resulted in the potential
investors closing the JAC Sub-Debt Transaction with JAC.

4 I shall first refer to two salient agreed facts (Fact 27 and Fact 31).
Parties agreed at Fact 27 that LCG had “led and managed discussions and
negotiations with the Abu Dhabi Investment Council (“ADIC”) and others on
multiple proposed transactions possibly including BP as a co-investor in
respect of the JAC Sub Debt”. At Fact 31, parties agreed that the “discussions
on the transaction with Standard Chartered, BP and Icon which achieved legal
closing were led by [ChemOne’s] internal team”. LCG came into the picture
after BP was prepared to provide financing of at least US$70m. See Fact 13.
Counsel for both sides accepted that LCG came into the picture to close the
gap of US$100 million.

5 Fact 23 is on the fee payable. This particular agreed fact reproduces the
terms of section 2 of the Engagement Letter read with the Scope of Work. It
states that LCG is “entitled to receive a Fee in respect of each Transaction
on which [LCG] or either of the Secondees works and which achieves legal
closing expressed as a percentage of the value of the relevant Transaction,
where ‘value’ means in respect of

\- a debt transaction, the total funds committed to be advanced, irrespective
of how much is drawn and when…”

The rest of the text is on the percentage of the fee structure.

6 The parties’ opposing position on the construction of the Engagement Letter
and Scope of Work is discernible from Fact 27 and Fact 31. ChemOne accepts
that LCG led and managed discussions and negotiations with ADIC in respect of
the JAC Sub Debt but ADIC did not sign the JAC Sub Debt with Jurong Aromatic
Corporation Pte Ltd (“JAC”). On this point, counsel for ChemOne, Mr Philip
Ling, argues that LCG’s entitlement to “the Fee” spelled out in Fact 23 is
contingent on two requirements, namely LCG must not only have led discussions
and negotiations with ADIC (which ChemOne accepts) but that there must be
legal closure of the JAC Sub Debt with ADIC. On the agreed facts, there was no
legal closure with ADIC. Mr Ling argues that the Fee is success-based and he
relies on the following wording under the heading “Fees” in the Scope of Work
in support of his contention:

LCG is “entitled to receive a Fee in respect of each Transaction on which
[LCG] or either of the Secondees works and which achieves legal closing”.

7 Additionally, Mr Ling points out that Robin Leigh, the secondee of LCG, was
separately paid a monthly retainer of S$10,000 for allocating only 50% of his
time to the performance of his obligations under the Engagement Letter. This
suggested that LCG was obliged to support and coordinate negotiations, but
would be remunerated for additional work based on the legal closing of the
transaction that it was working on as well. That is to say the success-based
component of LCG’s entitlement to the Fee.

8 Counsel for LCG, Ms Gan, disagrees with Mr Ling’s construction of the
Engagement Letter and Scope of Work for LCG’s entitlement to the Fee. Ms Gan’s
case is that on a true construction of the Engagement Letter and Scope of
Work, LCG’s entitlement to the Fee is _not_ dependent on the two conditions
stipulated in the preliminary question. In short, the Fee was not contingent
upon LCG ‘leading’ the team that actually achieved legal closure with the
lender of the JAC Sub Debt.

9 Ms Gan’s first argument is that there is _no express_ stipulation in the
Engagement Letter and the Scope of Work that requires LCG to lead negotiations
or actually achieve the result of legal closing in order to be entitled to the
Fee. On the contrary, LCG’s principal responsibilities included co-ordination
and support of negotiations (Fact 20). In the Scope of Work, it was agreed
that LCG was not required to find investors (Fact 22).

10 Ms Gan’s second argument is that LCG’s Fee would be reduced by a percentage
which represented the degree of completion (Fact 23). Hence, it showed that
the parties were aware that differing amounts of work had to be done for the
various transactions (as listed in percentages on PCB 11, Jurong Aromatics
Corporation Sub. Debt to Jurong Aromatics IPO), and LCG would be paid a fee
for the work done, but this is not necessarily dependent on LCG as the entity
that actually achieved legal closing in any of these transactions in order for
it to be entitled to claim the Fee.

11 The parties’ focus is essentially on two conditions. It would be misleading
to merely concentrate on one condition without the other. Reading PCB 10-11
“ACTIVITIES” and “FEES” together, I agree with Ms Gan’s first argument. Mr
Ling does not dispute that the word “led” does not appear in the Engagement
Letter and Scope of Work. Besides the absence of such express stipulation, no
such provision falls to be made by implication. In relation to her second
argument, where it can be said that LCG had, for instance, provided
coordination and support to the internal team, or had itself been involved to
the extent of its principal responsibilities per the Scope of Work with one of
the investors of the sub debt transaction like BP (Fact 13 read with Fact 27),
a Fee would be payable as coming within the situation contemplated by Fact 23
in that LCG had assisted on a JAC sub debt transaction involving Standard
Chartered Bank, BP and Icon that achieved legal closing. Important to the
preliminary question are LCG’s principal responsibilities which included a
role to coordinate and support transaction negotiations, and Ms Gan has stated
this many times. Notably, the Fee earned would not be affected by non-
compliance with any of the condition precedents in the JAC Sub Debt agreement.
This is clear from the paragraph appearing on PCB 12, and it reads: “The
applicable Fee will still be payable if the investors or relevant
counterparties are fully committed under legal binding documentation but the
relevant Transaction fails to close for any reason beyond the control [of
LCG]”.

12 In conclusion the answer to the preliminary question is that LCG’s
entitlement to be paid a Fee as calculated in the Scope of Work is _not_
conditional upon LCG showing that the negotiations that LCG led with the
potential investors resulted in the potential investors closing the JAC Sub-
Debt Transaction with JAC.

Issue 2: Quantum of the Fee

13 I now come to the quantum of the Fee payable. LCG contends that the Fee
payable is US$768,042, while ChemOne argues that it should be US$470,387.50
(calculated without capitalised interest).

14 The operative provision in the Scope of Work reads as follows:

It is therefore understood that LCG shall be entitled to receive a Fee in
respect of each Transaction … expressed as a percentage of the value of the
relevant Transaction, where ‘value’ means, in respect of;

\- a debt transaction, _the total funds committed to be advanced, irrespective
of how much is drawn and when_ , and shall include any form of offtake
contract ...

[emphasis added]

15 The debate is over the true meaning of the phrase “total funds committed to
be advanced”. According to Robin Leigh, the figure of US$768,042 was, _inter
alia_ , derived from his reading of cl 9.3(a) of the JAC Subordinated
Facilities Agreement (“SFA”) dated 13 April 2011. Clause 9.3(a) of the SFA
states that interest accrued during the capitalisation period will be treated
as part of the principal amount. LCG therefore argues that the phrase “total
funds committed to be advanced” in the Scope of Work means the original
principal amount _plus_ capitalised interest. In contrast, ChemOne argues that
the Fee should be based on the “principal loan” of US$171,050,000 only.
According to Mr Ling, this is confirmed by the qualifying provision which
makes clear that the amount of fees payable is to be based on what is the
amount that can be drawn by and disbursed to the borrower.

16 The parties have based the fee payable to LCG as a percentage of the total
funds committed to be advanced in a _future_ agreement—in this case, the SFA.

17 Clause 9.1 of the SFA speaks in terms of a Loan accruing interest. Clause
9.3(a) states that during the capitalisation period, any interest accrued on a
Loan will be capitalised and added to the outstanding principal amount of that
Loan and will be subsequently treated for all purposes under the SFA as part
of the principal amount of that Loan. The SFA defines a “Loan” as either a
Facility A Loan or a Facility B Loan. Facility A Loan is defined as a loan
made or to be made under Facility A or the principal amount outstanding for
the time being of that loan as increased by an amount of interest accrued or
other fees or amounts payable and in each case capitalised under cl 9.3.
Facility B Loan is similarly defined _mutatis mutandis_.

18 However, the words “total funds committed to be advanced” must be read
together with the qualifying words that follow, “irrespective of how much is
drawn and when”. In addition, the word “committed” must be examined in the
light of the definition of “Commitment” in the SFA as well as the distinction
that appears in the SFA between a “Loan” and “Facility”. “Commitment” means
Facility A Commitments and Facility B Commitments. In the SFA, “Facility”
means “Facility A” or “Facility B”. By cl 2.1, Facility A is the term loan
facility in the aggregate amount equal to the Total Facility A Commitments,
being US$65,402,000. Facility B is the term loan facility in the aggregate
amount equal to the Total Facility B Commitments, being US$105,648,000. The
effect of cl 2.1 is that “the Total Commitments” the original lenders make to
the borrower is the aggregate of Total Facility A Commitments and Total
Facility B Commitments, being US$171,050,000. Hence, the total amount of
US$171,050,000 represents “the total funds committed to be advanced” within
the meaning of the Scope of Work.

19 It follows that while it is correct to say that loans made under the
Facilities may include capitalised interest, it is _not_ correct to say that
the amount available for draw down under the Facilities includes capitalised
interest—since cl 2.1 of the SFA clearly states that only US$171,050,000 is to
be made available to the borrower to draw down. In my view the natural and
ordinary meaning of the phrase “total funds committed to be advanced” refers
to the amount available to the borrower to draw down (_viz_ , US$171,050,000),
_excluding_ capitalised interest.

20 In conclusion, the computation of the Fee payable should not include
capitalised interest under cl 9.3(a).

Issue 3: LCG’s claim of S$40,000 for work done from September to December 2011

21 Robin Leigh’s Secondee Contract was terminated with effect from 6 May 2011.
It is common ground that he continued to provide ChemOne with financial
advisory services until December 2011. ChemOne paid S$10,000 monthly to LCG
from June to August 2011, _ie_ , a total of S$30,000. LCG claims that it is
entitled to receive a further sum of S$40,000 as ChemOne had not paid LCG the
monthly retainer for the months of September to December 2011. LCG’s pleaded
case is that the unpaid retainer is due either on a contractual or _quantum
meruit_ basis.

22 I find that LCG has not proven that there was an agreement between LCG and
ChemOne for ChemOne to pay S$10,000 per month to LCG after the Secondee
Contract was terminated. First, there is not enough certainty of terms to
render any agreement enforceable. There is no evidence on the duration of the
agreement. It is also unclear as to when this agreement was legally concluded.
Second, if an agreement is to be ascertained from contemporaneous documents,
the only relevant document appears to be a ChemOne internal e-mail dated 18
May 2011. This e-mail does not assist LCG as it contradicts its pleaded case.
In fact the e-mail suggests that Robin Leigh was being temporarily retained on
a month to month basis. Third, Robin Leigh’s own email to ChemOne dated 12
October 2011 again contradicts the pleaded case of an agreement between LCG
and ChemOne. He wrote that he was entitled to S$10,000 monthly retainer based
on “ _an extension of the existing agreement (as provided for in that
agreement)_ and based on a spoken agreement and trust” [emphasis added]. The
only agreement with an express provision for extension was the Secondee
Contract. While LCG insisted that the email also referred to a “spoken
agreement”, this in my view merely alluded to the oral, and not written, form
of the agreed extension.

23 In conclusion, the pleaded case of an agreement between LCG and ChemOne
fails.

24 As for the _quantum meruit_ claim, LCG asserts that it should be paid a
reasonable fee of S$10,000 per month for financial advisory services from
September to December 2011. However, this claim must fail too. The evidence is
that at the relevant time, the Engagement Letter read with the Scope of Work
was still in force. To all intents and purposes, the financial advisory
services rendered in September to December 2011 were made pursuant to the
Engagement Letter. In light of the Engagement Letter, there is no place
legally for a _quantum meruit_ claim to arise. There is no provision of a
monthly retainer fee for financial advisory services in the Engagement Letter.
The only fee provision is in the Scope of Work which is not the same as the
monthly retainer. Legally, it is not permissible to imply a promise that is
inconsistent with the express terms of the contract (see _Chitty on Contracts_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2012) at para 31-146, earlier edition cited with
approval in _Lee Siong Kee v Beng Tiong Trading, Import and Export (1988) Pte
Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 386 at [30]).

25 In conclusion, LCG’s claim for a _quantum meruit_ fails.

Issue 4: ChemOne’s counterclaim for S$30,000 paid under a mistake of fact

26 I now come to ChemOne’s counterclaim for money had and received. Even
though there is no agreement between LCG and ChemOne as pleaded, the evidence
points to the fact that the S$ 30,000 was not paid under a mistake of fact. It
is clear from the ChemOne internal e-mail of 18 May 2011 that Robin Leigh was
to be temporarily retained on a month to month basis. Nothing seriously turns
on the fact that the payments were made to LCG from June to August 2011 and
not to Robin Leigh. More importantly, Robin Leigh is not saying that he has
not received the S$30,000.

27 Consequently, ChemOne’s counterclaim for S$30,000 fails.

Conclusion

28 Given the court’s determination on the four issues, the parties are to
confer on the directions and orders to be made in this action. I will hear
parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

