Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Loh Soon Aik Andrew  
[2013] SGHC 16

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 30 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 January 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sharmila Sripathy-Shanaz, Issac Tan and Lin YinBing
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; S Balamurugam
(Straits Law Practice LLC) for Accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Loh Soon Aik Andrew  
  
18 January 2013|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused was 21 years old when he committed the three offences for which
he was charged. The three offences included two offences of making two minors,
both aged nine, commit acts of fellatio on him (on separate occasions) and one
offence of inserting his finger into the vagina of an eight-year old girl. The
accused pleaded guilty to the three charges under s 376(1)(b) and s 376(2)(a)
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). Two other charges, one under s
354(1) and one under s 354(2), were taken into account for the purposes of
sentencing. For convenience, the three charges admitted as the first, second
and third charges respectively are set out as follows –

_1 st Charge_

Sometime in December 2010, at #09-2878 of Block 179 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5,
Singapore, did cause another person under 14 years of age to penetrate your
mouth with his penis, to wit, by causing one XXX, a person then aged 9, (DOB 2
November 2001) to penetrate your mouth with his penis, without his consent,
and you thereby committed an offence under Section 376(1)(b) of the Penal Code
(Chapter 224), punishable under Section 376(4)(b) of the said Act.

_2 nd Charge_

Sometime in December 2010, at #09-2878 of Block 179 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5,
Singapore, did sexually penetrate with a part of your body other than your
penis, the vagina of a girl under 14 years of age, to wit, by inserting your
finger into the vagina of one YYY, a person then aged 8 (DOB 17 April 2002),
without her consent, and you have thereby committed an offence under Section
376(2)(a) of the Penal Code (Chapter 224), punishable under Section 376(4)(b)
of the said Act.

_3 rd Charge_

Sometime in January 2011, at #09-2878 of Block 179 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5,
Singapore, did cause another person under 14 years of age to penetrate your
mouth with his penis, to wit, by causing one ZZZ, a person then aged 8 (DOB 26
October 2002), to penetrate your mouth with his penis, without his consent,
and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 376(1)(b) of the Penal
Code (Chapter 224), punishable under Section 376(4) of the said Act.

The two charges taken into consideration are set out as follows –

_4 th Charge_

Are charged that you, sometime in December 2010, at #09-2878 of Block 179 Ang
Mo Kio Avenue 5, Singapore, did use criminal force on a person who was under
14 years of age, intending to outrage the modesty of that person, to wit, by
using your hands to touch the penis of one AAA, a person then aged 10 (DOB 14
December 2000), and thereafter pull-back the foreskin on his penis, and you
have thereby committed an offence under Section 354(1) of the Penal Code (Cap
224), punishable under Section 354(2) of the said Act

_5 th Charge_

Are charged that you, sometime in December 2010, at #09-2878 of Block 179 Ang
Mo Kio Avenue 5, Singapore, did use criminal force on a person who was under
14 years of age, intending to outrage the modesty of that person, to wit, by
using your hands to touch the penis of one BBB a person then aged 10 (DOB 20
March 2000), and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 354(1) of
the Penal Code (Cap 224), punishable under Section 354(2) of the said Act.

2 The facts were admitted by the accused without qualification. He met the
first victim through the victim’s classmate. The accused enticed the victim to
join a club for computer games with promises of monetary rewards and access to
his favourite games. On the pretext that a medical examination was necessary
for membership into the club, the accused committed the offence under the
first charge in the course of performing the medical examination on the first
victim. Similar ploys were used by the accused on the second and third
victims.

3 The accused was given a psychiatric examination by Dr Chan Lai Gwen (“Dr
Chan”) on 11 February 2011 and 18 February 2011. Dr Chan issued a medical
report on 21 February 2011 in which she concluded that “[the accused] has
Pedophilia (DSM IV 302.2)”. She noted that it was the accused person’s first
encounter with the law. She also noted that no force had been used on the
complainants. He had no history of drug or substance abuse, and was amenable
to treatment (for his psychiatric condition). Dr Chan concluded her report
with the opinion that —

... a considerable risk of reoffending is present. I would recommend that his
access to potential victims be removed while he undergoes treatment, until his
risk is reassessed and judged to be low.

In her assessment of the risk of reoffending, Dr Chan made the following
statements:

22.In assessing the risk of reoffending, I have considered that this is Mr
Loh’s first contact with the legal system, and that there was apparently no
force used on the victims, nor was there penetrative intercourse. There is no
history of drug and alcohol abuse, no prior history of treatment failure, and
he is now amenable to treatment.

23.I have also considered that the victims were many, predominantly male, and
were merely acquaintances. There is also a paucity of age-appropriate sexual
and non-sexual relationships, as well as evidence of socio-occupational
dysfunction. Also, there was self-report of escalating urges resulting in the
progression of sexual acts from touching to performing fellatio on 6 victims
within 3 months.

4 Addressing me on sentence, the learned DPP submitted that the classical
principles of sentencing may be divided into four broad categories:
deterrence, retribution, prevention and rehabilitation: _R v James Henry
Sargeant_ (1974) 60 Cr App R 74 (“ _R v Sargeant_ ”), a case in which the
appellant was sentenced to 2 years’ imprisonment for an affray. In the present
case before me, the DPP submitted that the sentencing principles of deterrence
(both general and specific), prevention and retribution ought to figure
prominently and unmistakably in the sentencing equation in order to
appropriately reflect the gravity of the offences perpetuated. Before me, the
DPP submitted:

... the principle of deterrence dictates that the length of the custodial
sentence imposed cannot be an insubstantial one in order to drive home the
message to other like-minded persons that sexual offences perpetrated on
young, vulnerable victims will not be tolerated and will be perennially viewed
with grave and unrelenting disapprobation.

Again, after citing Lawton LJ in _R v Sargeant_ , the learned DPP then
referred to retributive justice and submitted that:

... the sentencing principle of retribution implores this Honourable Court to
impose on the Accused a significant custodial term commensurate with the
gravity of the offences in question, taking into account the aggravating
features.

5 That case did not support any contention that deterrent principles and
retributive principles can be applied at once in the same case. This was what
Lawton LJ actually held at 77:

What ought the proper penalty to be? We have thought it necessary not only to
analyse the facts, but to apply to those facts the classical principles of
sentencing. Those classical principles are summed up in four words:
retribution, deterrence, prevention and rehabilitation. Any judge who comes to
sentence ought always to have those four classical principles in mind and to
apply them to the facts of the case to see which of them has the greatest
importance in the case with which he is dealing.

Reading Lawton LJ’s judgment, it is obvious that he regarded retributive
principles and deterrent principles separately. The learned Lord Justice did
not hold that the court could or ought to mix deterrent and retributive
principles into a potpourri, send the offender into prison and throw the key
away. Indeed, Lawton LJ dealt with deterrent principles and retributive
principles separately. He first considered the retributive principle and a
lengthy custodial sentence based on that principle, and held (at 77) that
“although society expects the courts to impose punishment for violence which
really hurts, it does not expect the courts to go on hurting for a long time.”
He then went on to consider the deterrent principle and he was of the view (at
77) that the trial judge had “probably passed this sentence as a deterrent
one.” The learned appeal judge then considered the two aspects of deterrence –
“deterrence of the offender and the deterrence of likely offenders” (at 77).
The result of that appeal and the facts of that case are not relevant here,
but this was what Lawton LJ had to say about deterrent sentences at 77:

Experience has shown over the years that deterrence of the offender is not a
very useful approach, because those who have their wits about them usually
find the closing of the prison gates an experience which they do not want
again. If they do not learn that lesson, there is likely to be a high degree
of recidivism anyway. So far as deterrence of others is concerned, it is the
experience of the courts that deterrent sentences are of little value in
respect of offences which are committed on the spur of the moment, either in
hot blood or in drink or both. Deterrent sentences may very well be of
considerable value where crime is premeditated. Burglars, robbers, and users
of firearms and weapons may very well be put off by deterrent sentences. We
think it unlikely that deterrence would be of any value in this case.

6 I need only add a brief point regarding the difference between retributive
and deterrent principles in sentencing. Retributive justice is based on the
principle that the punishment must fit the crime. That principle requires,
among other things, that the correct accused has been charged for the correct
offence before the court would begin to determine what punishment is just. It
follows that in such a case, the seriousness of the offence and the mitigating
factors are important and must be considered in order to determine the
appropriate punishment. Hence, an offender who convinces the court that he is
repentant and unlikely to reoffend will deserve a lighter sentence than one
who is unrepentant and likely to reoffend. A deterrent sentence is thus
inappropriate to do justice in the former. A deterrent sentence might coincide
with a lengthy sentence based on retributive principles in the latter but the
reasoning and basis are not the same. More explicitly, the court may impose a
deterrent sentence on an accused who falls into the former category (and thus
on the merits of his case, deserves a lower sentence) yet impose a lengthy
deterrent sentence in the hope that it will discourage likely offenders.

7 The management of sexual offences and offenders is an extremely complex
matter. No one judgment can adequately discuss the myriad issues of such a
wide-ranging matter. Not every sexual offence has the same aetiology and not
every offender, and even the victim of the offence, can be similarly compared.
In some cases, the offender might have been affected by a psychological
problem. In some of those cases, the psychological problem can be corrected.
In this case, Dr Chan was of the view that the accused does suffer from a
psychological problem which could be treated. However, she was of the view
that until it is treated, there is a risk of offending. There is no report as
to how such offenders would be given medical and psychological treatment, or
what treatment is proposed, and how long such treatment would take. All these
are important factors because the courts are very much concerned about sex
offenders reoffending when they are released. It is preferable to have a
shorter sentence if there is a strong likelihood of a successful treatment so
that the offender can re-integrate into society. A sex offender who is not
cured and not re-integrated poses a high risk of reoffending.

8 In the present case, the accused is very young and thus, without treatment,
the only way to ensure that society is safe is to keep him in prison until he
is old and grey, but that is hardly a just punishment. The courts have
consistently meted out sentences of between eight to 12 years for the offences
for which this accused was charged. I thus sentenced the accused to 10 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane in respect of the first charge, and
nine years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane each in respect of the
second and third charges. Given the requirement by law that where an accused
has been convicted of three similar offences in the same proceedings two of
the sentences must be concurrent, the total length of imprisonment was 19
years because I ordered the sentences of imprisonment for the first and second
charges to run concurrently and that of the third charge to run consecutively
to that of the first and second charges. The maximum number of strokes of the
cane is, by law, 24. Had I been satisfied that the danger of reoffending was
low in this case, that is, there was a strong treatment regime and sound re-
integration protocol, an overall sentence of about eight years might have been
an appropriate and sufficient sentence.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Jan 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

