Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Shaik Alaudeen s/o Hasan Bashar  
[2013] SGHC 44

Case Number| :| Criminal Revision No 23 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 February 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Adrian Loo and Marcus Foo (Attorney-General's Chambers)
for the applicant; S K Kumar (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Shaik Alaudeen s/o Hasan Bashar  
  
21 February 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is a petition for criminal revision brought by the Public Prosecutor to
amend a charge under which the respondent was convicted and to record a
conviction for the amended charge. The respondent was convicted of the
following charge in DAC 15898/2002 (the “Original Charge”) after pleading
guilty on 10 May 2002:

You

**NAME: SHAIK ALAUDEEN S/O HASAN BASHAR**

... are charged that you, on the 24th day of March 2002, in Singapore, did
_consume a controlled drug_ specified in Class ‘A’ of The First Schedule of
The Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, _to wit, Morphine_ , without
authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder and you
have thereby committed an offence under Section 8(b) and punishable under
Section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185.

[emphasis added]

The respondent was sentenced to 18 months’ imprisonment for the Original
Charge and has served his sentence in full. The Public Prosecutor requested me
to exercise my revisionary powers under s 268 read with s 256(b) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) to amend the Original
Charge of consuming a _controlled_ drug under s 8(b)(i) of the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) to a charge of consuming a _specified_ drug
under s 8(b)(ii) of the MDA and to record a conviction on the amended charge.
Section 8(b) of the MDA provides as follows:

**8**. Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person
to —

...

(_b_)smoke, administer to himself or otherwise consume —

(i)a controlled drug, other than a specified drug; or

(ii)a specified drug.

At the date of the commission of the offence, 24 March 2002, morphine was
classified as a specified drug.

2 The respondent is presently charged with six charges of consuming a
specified drug under s 8(b)(ii) read with s 33A of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed). Section 33A states:

**33A**.—(1) Where a person who has not less than —

...

(d) one previous admission and one previous conviction for consumption of a
specified drug under section 8(b);

...

is convicted of an offence under section 8(b) for consumption of a specified
drug or an offence of failure to provide a urine specimen under section 31(2),
he shall on conviction be punished with —

(i) imprisonment for a term of not less than 5 years and not more than 7
years; and

(ii) not less than 3 strokes and not more than 6 strokes of the cane.

The six pending charges are brought under s 33A(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) on the basis that the respondent had one previous drug
rehabilitation centre admission for the consumption of morphine and one
conviction under the Original Charge for consumption of a specified drug, _ie_
, morphine.

3 The Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) submitted that the conviction under the
Original Charge was erroneous as the court had no jurisdiction under s 8(b)(i)
to order a conviction for the offence of consumption of a controlled drug
which is also classified as a specified drug. The DPP argued that the
amendment of the Original Charge to one under s 8(b)(ii) is merely a technical
one that would not prejudice the respondent. Counsel for the respondent
contended that the amendment would prejudice the respondent as he would be
liable as a repeat offender under s 33A(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed), which attracts a more severe minimum sentence.

4 I agree with the DPP that the Original Charge was erroneously preferred
against the respondent as there is no such offence in law. However, I cannot
accede to the DPP’s submission that prejudice should be assessed only with
regard to the proceedings relating to the Original Charge and that no
prejudice would be occasioned to the respondent should the Original Charge be
amended to one of consumption of a specified drug. The DPP relied on _Garmaz
s/o Pakhar v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 95 (“ _Garmaz_ ”), where the Court of Appeal
held that the court could exercise its powers under s 256(b) of the CPC to
amend a charge if the proceedings at trial would have taken the same course
and the evidence recorded would have been substantially unchanged; the
amendment would not prejudice the accused if these two tests were met. First,
I do not find – based on the sparse evidence before me – that the two tests
were self-evidently satisfied on the facts. The Prosecution cannot merely
assert that there would be no prejudice to the respondent because the _actus
reus_ and _mens reas_ under s 8(b)(i) and s 8(b)(ii) are identical. The
respondent had pleaded guilty only to the precise charge before him, _ie_ ,
consumption of a controlled drug. I am not in the position to assume that he
would have pleaded guilty to the amended charge and that the proposed
amendment would therefore not be to his detriment. The Prosecution is not
entitled to amend a charge after an accused has pleaded guilty and thereafter
claim that there would in any event be no prejudice as the elements for the
amended charge are similar, unless the accused has no objections.

5 Secondly, I do not think that _Garmaz_ is authority for the proposition that
the courts, in exercising its revisionary powers to amend a charge, ought
_only_ to consider the retrospective counterfactual of what would have
happened at trial and disregard the potential prejudice in subsequent
proceedings. _Garmaz_ arose in the context of the court exercising its
appellate jurisdiction and the inquiry was naturally confined to prejudice
arising from the immediate proceedings. In contrast, the High Court’s
revisionary power is a broad discretionary one that is exercised when there is
serious injustice that warrants intervention: see _Ang Poh Chuan v Public
Prosecutor_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 929 at [17]. Prejudice is a proxy for assessing
serious injustice and should not be construed narrowly or mechanistically, but
in a practical way that takes into account the entire context of the exercise
of the powers of revision. I am not persuaded by the DPP’s circular argument
that if the court were to consider prejudice in subsequent proceedings, the
Prosecution would never be able to amend an erroneous charge where the result
of the amendment would be to render the accused liable to enhanced punishment.
The simple answer is that the Prosecution cannot insist as of right that the
respondent bears the consequences of its own mistake unless the Prosecution is
able to show that this mistake would amount to a serious injustice if left
uncorrected. Adopting a broad approach to prejudice, it is plain that the sole
object of this petition is to reflect a conviction under s 8(b)(ii) such that
the respondent would be liable for an enhanced minimum sentence of five years
on his pending charges. The intended effect is clearly to create prejudice to
the respondent by placing him in a position where his potential legal
liability is increased.

6 Section 268 of the CPC does not require me to make an order merely because
there is a defect or error in a conviction recorded by the subordinate court.
In the present case, the onus was on the DPP to satisfy me that there was some
palpable wrong or injustice to the Prosecution that had to be remedied
notwithstanding the prejudice that would be suffered by the respondent. The
DPP did not explain why there was a miscarriage of justice or why the public
interest in the administration of justice was undermined by the erroneous
Original Charge, and could only point to the fact that it was “necessary”
because the respondent was presently facing new charges under s 8(b)(ii) and
the Original Charge should be substituted with one that accurately reflected
the respondent’s antecedent. It may well be necessary or desirable, but this
does not mean that it reaches the threshold of serious injustice, and I would
add that the trial judge for the pending charges is not precluded from taking
into consideration the relevant nature of the Original Charge in sentencing
even if the respondent does not fall within s 33A(1) of the MDA. Thus the DPP
did not discharge the onus on him to show why this revision was necessary.
Further, the respondent pleaded guilty to the Original Charge in 2002 and this
petition for revision was brought ten years later. This is by any account an
inordinate delay that weighs against the exercise of my discretion. I also do
not think that the cases of _PP v Shah Irwan Bin Sulaiman_ (CR No 11 of 2012)
or _PP v Rudy Rendy bin Fadly_ (CR No 21 of 2012) assist the Prosecution. In
both cases, the respondents did not object to the criminal revision, and
neither is a compelling precedent for the proposition that the amendment of an
erroneous charge is always in the interests of justice. There is thus nothing
exceptional in the circumstances that warrants the exercise of my revisionary
powers.

7 For the foregoing reasons, I dismiss the petition.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Feb 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

