Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mohammad Faizal bin Sabtu and another _v_ Public Prosecutor and another
matter  
[2013] SGCA 1

Case Number| :| Criminal Motions No 36 and 37 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 January 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S K Kumar (M/s S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) for the
Applicants; Tan Ken Hwee, Sandy Baggett and Kwek Chin Yong (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Mohammad Faizal bin Sabtu and another — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2012] 4 SLR 947.]

11 January 2013|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 These two Criminal Motions arose out of an answer given by the High Court on
two separate questions of law stated for the High Court’s determination
pursuant to s 395 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Act 15 of 2012) (“the CPC
2010”) relating to the constitutionality of certain provisions in s 33A of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”).

2 In _Mohammad Faizal bin Sabtu v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 4 SLR 947
(“Special Case No 1”), Mr Mohammad Faizal bin Sabtu (“the 1st Applicant”) had
challenged the constitutionality of s 33A(1)(a), (d), and (e) of the MDA. In
brief, the said sub-sections provide for enhanced punishment for persons who
had previously been admitted to an approved Drug Rehabilitation Centre
(“DRC”), previously convicted of consumption of a specified drug, or
previously convicted for an offence of failure to provide a urine specimen.
The stated question in Special Case No 1 was:

Does s 33A(1)(a), (d), &/or (e) of the MDA violate the separation of powers
embodied in the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore in requiring the
court to impose a mandatory minimum sentence as prescribed thereunder, with
specific reference to “admission” as defined in s 33A(5)(c) of the MDA?

3 In _Amazi bin Hawasi v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 4 SLR 981 (“Special Case No
2”), Mr Amazi bin Hawasi (“the 2nd Applicant”) challenged the
constitutionality of s 33A(5)(a) of the MDA. Section 33A(5)(a) of the MDA
deems a previous conviction for consumption of a “controlled drug” as a
conviction for consumption of a “specified drug” under s 8(b) of the MDA, for
the purposes of bringing recalcitrant abusers of controlled drugs into the
enhanced punishment regime under s 33A of the MDA. The stated question in
Special Case No 2 was:

Does s 33A(5)(a) of the MDA violate the separation of powers embodied in the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore in deeming a previous conviction for
consumption of a controlled drug as a conviction for consumption of a
specified drug, and thereby requiring the court to impose a mandatory minimum
sentence as prescribed in s 33A(1) of the MDA?

4 The stated questions in both Special Case No 1 and No 2 (collectively, “the
Special Cases”) raised fundamental issues of constitutional law in the context
of the principle of separation of powers as to the role of the Legislature,
the Executive and the Judiciary in the punishment of offenders under our
criminal justice system.

5 The High Court (_per_ Chan Sek Keong CJ) answered the stated questions in
the Special Cases in the negative, ruling that the impugned provisions of the
MDA did not violate the principle of separation of powers embodied in the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the
Singapore Constitution”).

6 In light of the High Court’s decision in the Special Cases, the Applicants
applied, pursuant to s 397 of CPC 2010, for leave to refer the same two
questions of law to this court on the ground that such reference was in the
public interest.

7 On 4 September 2012, after hearing arguments from the parties, we dismissed
both Criminal Motions for leave. We now give our reasons for the decision.

The background facts

8 The background facts relating to the Special Cases are succinctly set out in
the written grounds of decision for Special Case No 1 at [5] and Special Case
No 2 at [1]-[6]. Briefly, the 1st Applicant was charged with a number of
offences under the MDA, including one charge of consumption of morphine under
s 8(b)(ii) of the MDA (“the consumption charge”). As he had two previous DRC
admissions, he would have to suffer an enhanced punishment of a minimum of
five years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane pursuant to s
33A(1)(a)(i) and (ii) of the MDA. After being charged, and upon refusal by the
District Court, he obtained leave from the High Court to state the question
set out in [2] above for determination by the High Court. As regards the 2nd
Applicant, he pleaded guilty to a charge of consumption of morphine (among
other charges) and because of his previous convictions for drug consumption
offences, he would have to suffer a similar enhanced punishment under s
33A(1)(b)(i) and (ii), read with the deeming provision in s 33A(5)(a) MDA.
Like the 1st Applicant, he obtained leave from the High Court to state the
question set out in [3] above for determination by the High Court. In the 2nd
Applicant’s view, the deeming provisions in ss 33A(5)(a) and 33A(5)(c) of the
MDA had the effect of transforming a previous conviction or DRC admission for
consumption of a controlled drug into a previous conviction or DRC admission
for consumption of a specified drug. In short, in both Special Cases, the
Applicants had sought to challenge certain provisions in the MDA as being
unconstitutional.

The Applicants’ arguments

9 The Applicants were represented by the same counsel, Mr S K Kumar, who made
a joint submission on behalf of both Applicants. He submitted that leave ought
to be granted as the questions posed engaged the public interest and were not
free of doubt despite the High Court’s decisions in the Special Cases. The
bulk of Mr Kumar’s arguments focused on why he thought the grounds of decision
rendered in the Special Cases were wrong in law.

The Respondent’s arguments

10 The Respondent, on the other hand, submitted that leave ought not be
granted for the following reasons:

(a) The questions posed did not engage the public interest, especially since
they had been settled conclusively by the High Court’s decision in the Special
Cases with reference to established legal principles;

(b) The questions which the Applicants now wished to raise to the Court of
Appeal were not questions which arose when the High Court was hearing a matter
in the exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction;

(c) Applications under s 397 of the CPC 2010 are intended for concluded cases,
and not cases like the present where there were as yet no final orders; and

(d) Having elected to state the Special Cases to the High Court under s 395 of
the CPC 2010, when they had the option under s 396 of the CPC 2010 to state
their cases directly to the Court of Appeal instead, the Applicants should not
be allowed another proverbial bite at the cherry.

Analysis of the issues before this court

11 To better appreciate the scheme of points reserved to the relevant courts
under the CPC 2010, it is necessary that we first refer to the relevant
provisions, _ie_ , ss 395, 396 and 397 of the CPC 2010 (hereinafter referred
to as “s 395”, “s 396” and “s 397” respectively). Under s 395, a Subordinate
Court may, on the application of a party in a criminal case, state a case for
the determination of the High Court on a question of law. If the Subordinate
Court refuses to do so, that party may apply to the High Court to direct the
Subordinate Court to state the case. This was, in fact, what transpired in the
Special Cases. However, s 396 grants a party in a criminal case in the
Subordinate Court the option, albeit with leave of the Court of Appeal, of
applying for the case to be stated directly to the Court of Appeal. Section
396 reads:

**Application to state case directly to Court of Appeal**

396.—(1) Any party to the proceedings may, instead of applying to state a case
on any question of law arising at a trial before a Subordinate Court for the
opinion of the High Court under section 395, apply to state a case directly to
the Court of Appeal.

(2) An application under subsection (1) shall only be made with the leave of
the Court of Appeal.

(3) When an application is made under subsection (1), the Court of Appeal may
make such orders as it sees fit for the arrest, custody or release on bail of
any accused.

(4) Section 395(2), (3), (6) to (12) and (14) shall apply to the case stated
under this section, except that any reference to the relevant court in those
provisions shall be a reference to the Court of Appeal.

12 The purpose of s 396 is helpfully elucidated in _The Criminal Procedure
Code of Singapore: Annotations and Commentary_ (Jennifer Marie & Mohamed
Faizal gen eds) (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“ _Marie & Faizal_”) at paras
20.166 and 20.167, as follows:

Section 396 is a new provision that allows any party to the proceedings to
state a case on a question of law arising at a trial in the Subordinate Court
directly to the Court of Appeal, instead of using the procedure in section 395
of the Code. As highlighted by the Minister at the Second Reading of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Amendment) Bill on 18 May 2010 (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (18 May 2010) vol 87 at cols 487-488
(K Shanmugam, Minister of Law)), the situations where a “leapfrog”, as such
provisions are known, will apply are:

a)Where the High Court is already bound by a prior decision of the Court of
Appeal on the point of law being stated, or

b)Where there is a conflict of binding authority on the High Court on the
question at hand.

In these situations, the legal issues, for example, binding precedent on the
High Court, are more appropriately dealt with by the Court of Appeal than the
High Court. A “leapfrog” direct to the Court of Appeal would thus save parties
time and cost. To ensure that the provision is not abused, however, the leave
of the Court of Appeal would be required before the “leapfrog” process can be
utilised. The Court of Appeal will determine whether the question of law is
indeed of public importance, and whether a “leapfrog” is appropriate in the
circumstances of the case.

13 If it was the opinion of the Court of Appeal which they wished to have
obtained, the Applicants should have applied accordingly under s 396 giving
their reasons for the “leapfrog”. Having said that, we hasten to add that it
does not necessarily follow that even if the Applicants had applied under s
396, their application would have been granted. The parties had not argued
before us as to the circumstances under which a leapfrog application should be
entertained by the Court of Appeal. As such, this is not an appropriate
occasion for us to make a pronouncement on this point. Suffice it to say that
the two clear instances where a leapfrog application could be entertained have
already been highlighted in _Marie & __Faizal_ (see [12] above).

14 We turn next to s 397. To better appreciate the scope and purpose of s 397,
we reproduce s 397 in full:

**Reference to Court of Appeal of criminal matter determined by High Court in
exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction**

397\. — (1) When a criminal matter has been determined by the High Court in
the exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction, and a party to the
proceedings wishes to refer any question of law of public interest which has
arisen in the matter and the determination of which by the Judge has affected
the case, that party may apply to the Court of Appeal for leave to refer the
question to the Court of Appeal.

(2) The Public Prosecutor may refer any question of law of public interest
without the leave of the Court of Appeal.

(3) An application under subsection (1) or a reference under subsection (2)
shall be made within one month, or such longer time as the Court of Appeal may
permit, of the determination of the matter to which it relates, and in the
case of an application by the Public Prosecutor shall be made by him or with
his written consent.

(4) In granting leave to refer any question of law of public interest under
subsection (1), or where the Public Prosecutor refers any question of law of
public interest under subsection (2), the Court of Appeal may reframe the
question or questions to reflect the relevant issue of law of public interest,
and may make such orders as the Court of Appeal may see fit for the arrest,
custody or release on bail of any party in the case.

(5) The Court of Appeal, in hearing and determining any questions referred,
may make such orders as the High Court might have made as the Court of Appeal
considers just for the disposal of the case.

(6) For the purposes of this section, any question of law which any party
applies to be referred regarding which there is a conflict of judicial
authority shall be deemed to be a question of public interest.

15 There are four conditions which must be satisfied before a reference will
be granted under s 397(1):

(a) First, the reference to the Court of Appeal can only be made in relation
to a criminal matter decided by the High Court in exercise of its appellate or
revisionary jurisdiction;

(b) Second, the reference must relate to a question of law and that question
of law must be a question of law of public interest;

(c) Third, the question of law must have arisen from the case which was before
the High Court; and

(d) Fourth, the determination of the question of law by the High Court had
affected the outcome of the case.

See also _Ong Beng Leong v Public Prosecutor_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 247 at [5] and
_Bachoo Mohan Singh v Public Prosecutor and other applications_ [2010] 1 SLR
966 (“ _Bachoo Mohan Singh_ ”) at [29], which present a slightly different
organisation of the four conditions, but which do not differ in substance from
the present formulation.

16 Section 397(1) is derived from, and is for all relevant purposes, _in pari_
_materia_ with s 60 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed) (“SCJA”) which has since been repealed. As noted by this court in _Mah_
_Kiat_ _Seng v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 859 (“ _Mah_ _Kiat_ _Seng_ ”)
at [9], the only important difference between s 397 and s 60 of the SCJA is
that under s 397, it is the Court of Appeal, and not the High Court, which
assesses whether the question(s) which the applicant seeks to refer to the
Court of Appeal meet(s) the criteria prescribed in s 397(1). However, this
court in _Mah_ _Kiat_ _Seng_ also opined that, given that the operative
clauses of both provisions are identical, the principles established by case
law under s 60 of the SCJA remain fully relevant in the interpretation and
application of s 397.

First condition

17 Under s 19 of the SCJA, the appellate criminal jurisdiction of the High
Court is defined as consisting of:

(_a_) the hearing of appeals from District Courts or Magistrates’ Courts
before one or more Judges according to the provisions of the law for the time
being in force relating to criminal procedure; and

(_b_) _the hearing of points of law reserved by special cases submitted by a
District Court or Magistrate’s Court before one or more Judges according to
the provisions of the law for the time being in force relating to criminal
procedure._

[emphasis added]

18 By virtue of this provision, the decisions rendered by the High Court in
the Special Cases were in exercise of its appellate criminal jurisdiction.
Thus the first condition of s 397 is satisfied.

Second condition

19 There is no doubt that the questions which were posed in the Special Cases
were questions of law. However, the issue which required greater consideration
was whether those questions were questions of law of _public interest_ which
warrant the determination of this court. As to what constitutes a question of
law of public interest, we think the answer is neatly encapsulated in the
Malaysian Federal Court decision in _A_ _Ragunathan v Pendakwa Raya_ [1982] 1
MLJ 139 at 141 (cited with approval by the High Court in _Chan Hiang_ _Leng
Colin and others v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 388 at [18] and by this
court in _Bachoo Mohan Singh_ at [33], _Phang Wah v Public Prosecutor_ [2012]
SGCA 60 (“ _Phang Wah”_), and _Mah_ _Kiat_ _Seng_ at [18]):

But it is not sufficient that the question raised is a question of law. It
must be a question of law of public interest. What is public interest must
surely depend upon the facts and circumstances of each case. We think that the
proper test for determining whether a question of law raised in the course of
the appeal is of public interest would be _whether it directly and
substantially affects the rights of the parties and if so whether it is an
open question in the sense that it is not finally settled by this court or the
Privy Council or is not free from difficulty or calls for discussion of
alternate views.__If the question is settled by the highest court or the
general principles in determining the question are well settled and it is a
mere question of applying those principles to the facts of the case the
question would not be a question of law of public interest._

It was urged upon us that in at least two previous cases (see  _Public
Prosecutor v D'Fonseka_ [1958] MLJ 102 and  _Yap Ee Kong v Public Prosecutor_
[1981] 1 MLJ 144 ) the applicants had successfully obtained a reference, and
that we should follow those cases and determine the questions referred to us.
It was further said that the questions are of general importance upon which
further argument and a decision of this court would be to the public advantage
(see  _Buckle v Holmes_ [1926] 2 KB 125). A short answer is, that the two
cases referred above involved misdirections in law and this court had no
hesitation to intervene because they called for discussion of alternative
views. There are no two views about the present case.

...

But basically, we must consistently decline to receive and answer questions
which though they may be questions of law are nevertheless not questions of
law of public interest, in the sense as we understand it, that a necessity
arises for the determination of the questions having regard to the uncertain
or conflicting state of the law on the subject ...

[emphasis added]

20 As noted above at [16], under s 397, it is now this court and not the High
Court judge who hears the application for leave to refer a question of law of
public interest to the Court of Appeal. Nevertheless, the avenue afforded by s
397 continues to remain a limited one, which is to be exercised sparingly (see
_eg_ _Ng Ai Tiong v Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 490 at [10], _Phang
Wah_ at [22] and [37] and _Bachoo Mohan Singh_ at [37] and [38]), and
especially when there are conflicting High Court decisions on a particular
legal controversy necessitating an authoritative determination by the Court of
Appeal. Another possible scenario where reference to the Court of Appeal may
be made is where the same question was answered differently (and not due to
differences in statutory provisions) in another Common Law jurisdiction. The
court will not exercise its discretion if no genuine points of law of public
interest are raised and the application is merely a guise for what is in fact
an appeal. A question of law does not necessarily constitute a question of
public interest just because it involves the construction or interpretation of
a statutory provision which could also apply to other members of the public:
_Cigar Affair v Public Prosecutor_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 648 at [8(a)]. Again,
neither is it so just because the point has serious consequence for the
applicant personally or is novel: _Bachoo Singh Mohan_ at [36] and [37]. With
regard to the present Criminal Motions, the High Court had authoritatively and
clearly explained why it had answered the two questions in the negative. We
would further add that in rendering its decisions in the Special Cases, the
High Court had considered not only the submissions of the applicants, but also
that of the _amicus curiae_. In the written grounds of decisions which
followed, the High Court had analysed the case law of multiple jurisdictions,
including England, Australia, the United States of America, Malaysia and of
course, Singapore, before coming to the firm conclusion that there was no
question of the impugned MDA provisions being in violation of the principle of
separation of powers under the Singapore Constitution. The court accorded the
questions a holistic and comprehensive treatment.

21 While we acknowledge that the two questions of law had never before been
raised in the High Court as the relevant statutory provisions which gave rise
to the questions were only recently enacted, it does not follow that every
such new question of law must reach the Court of Appeal. Otherwise it would
defeat the very object of our criminal justice system which is that a case
heard in a Subordinate Court has only one level of appeal to the High Court.
To liberally construe s 397 so as to more freely allow a reference to the
Court of Appeal would seriously undermine the system of one-tier appeal. The
interests of finality would strongly militate against the grant of such a
reference save in very limited circumstances. In our opinion, we do not see
how justice and public interest would be better served by having the matter
proceed further, given that the aim of both Applicants was merely to seek
another opportunity to persuade a higher court to accept their point of view
so that the enhanced punishments provided in s 33A of the MDA would not apply
to them.

22 In this regard, the decision in _M V Balakrishnan v Public Prosecutor_
[1998] 2 SLR(R) 846 (“ _M V Balakrishnan_ ”) is germane. There the court, in
dealing with an application to refer two questions pursuant to s 60 of the
SCJA, made it clear that in instances where the law has been authoritatively
laid down and there is no conflict of authority, the court will, in the
interests of finality, guard the exercise of its discretion most jealously.
The following observations made by Yong Pung How CJ in _M V Balakrishnan_ at
[11] are pertinent:

... While in agreement with this principle, I had regard to the advice of the
court in  _Chan Hiang_ _Leng Colin v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 388 that in the
interest of maintaining finality in proceedings, it was better to exercise a
discretion to refer sparingly so that the references are not used as an
indirect way of appealing against matters that under the law have been finally
determined by the High Court. I found this application to be one such veiled
appeal. The court is not faced with so many vastly differing views as to
suggest there is a rift in the authorities. I did not find the question so
exceptional as to require reference; in fact, a glance at the many authorities
upholding Whittall demonstrates that this was a common question before the
High Court hearing appeals from the Magistrate's Courts. It has clearly been
authoritatively laid down and consistently applied by the courts here and, in
the circumstances, there is no conflict of authority:  _PP v Bridges
Christopher_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 681.

Third and fourth conditions

23 We will now address the third and the fourth conditions together. In
_Public Prosecutor v Bridges Christopher_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 681 (“ _Bridges
Christopher_ ”) at [17], the court stated:

Turning to the third precondition, the question must have arisen in the course
of the appeal and the determination of which by this court must have affected
the event of the appeal. There is no difficulty with what this requirement
means, and reference need only be made to  _PP v Choo Ching_ _Hwa_ [1990] 3
MLJ 229 .

24 In _Public Prosecutor v Choo Ching_ _Hwa_ [1990] 3 MLJ 229, the court held:

... Apart from being a question of law of public interest, the other
requirements of s 66(1) are that the question must have arisen in the course
of the appeal, and more importantly, the determination of the question has
affected the event of the appeal. Although s 66(1) of the Act says that the
court shall on the application of the public prosecutor grant leave, the court
should not just grant leave unless it is satisfied that the question was
actually determined by the appellate judge and has affected the event of the
appeal. It is common knowledge that various points may be raised in an appeal
and submissions made thereon but it is not unusual that although a number of
legal issues were argued and submitted by counsel the judge may decide on one
obscure point and decide the appeal solely on that point without considering
the other issues raised in the appeal before him. Therefore an applicant for
leave under s 66(1) of the Act must satisfy the court that the question of law
of public interest arose in the course of the appeal and the determination of
that question had affected the event of the appeal. The easiest way to satisfy
the court that this particular requirement of s 66(1) of the Act has been
satisfied is to provide the court with the written judgment or grounds of
decision of the learned judge or if it is not available to provide at least
the certified notes of proceedings if it is clearly indicated therein that
particular point was in fact raised, determined and had affected the event of
the appeal.

25 As noted by the Respondent in its written submissions, the questions which
the Applicants would wish to refer to this court were exactly the same as
those posed to and answered by the High Court. There is thus no doubt that the
questions of law were those that were raised and determined by the High Court.
However, the problem which stood in the way of the present Criminal Motions
related to the condition that the determination by the High Court must also
have affected the outcome of the case, _ie_ _the fourth condition._

26 In the circumstances of the Special Cases it was clear that the answers
given by the High Court had yet to affect the outcome of the charges which
were preferred against the Applicants. No decision has been made by the trial
court in relation to the said charges.

27 As may be seen from [5] and [8] above, the High Court in the Special Cases
had not passed any judgment or sentence on the Applicants. All it did was to
give its opinion on the two questions. Neither had the District Court passed
any judgment or sentence on the Applicants. But for the instant Criminal
Motions, the cases would have gone back to the District Court to continue
where they left off before the Special Cases were filed. Indeed, it is clear
from this fourth condition, especially the word “affected”, that for a
reference to be made under s 397, a ruling must already have been made, or a
sentence passed, by the High Court. In the present case, no such ruling or
sentence has yet been passed on either Applicant. To allow the Criminal
Motions to go on any further, when final judgment or sentence has yet to be
passed on both Applicants, would lead to an unnecessary and unacceptable
disruption to the final disposal of both matters.

Abuse of Process

28 We also felt compelled to dismiss the present Criminal Motions because the
steps taken by the Applicants here veered close to being an abuse of process.
During oral submissions, we asked Mr Kumar why the Applicants had not availed
themselves of the “leap-frog” provision in s 396. Mr Kumar’s response was that
the Applicants had the option of exhausting their rights under s 395 without
prejudicing any subsequent application to state exactly the same case under s
396. In our view, this approach shows a misguided reading of the scheme of the
relevant provisions. The very _raison d’etre_ of s 396 is to save the
parties’, and if we may add, the courts’, time and costs. In cases involving
questions of law before a Subordinate Court, if a party is truly of the view
that a genuine question of law of public interest has arisen and which
warrants a leapfrog approach to the Court of Appeal, it should have availed
itself of the avenue afforded under s 396 with expedition, instead of first
stating the case to a High Court under s 395, only to apply to this court
under s 397 when the result before the High Court turns out to be unfavourable
to it. In the present case, not only have the Applicants applied to state
exactly the same questions posed to the High Court, they have raised
substantially the same arguments, albeit now with the added bare assertion
that it would be in the public interest for this court to grant leave. In
other words, the Criminal Motions were thinly disguised attempts at appealing
against the High Court’s decisions in the Special Cases – this runs totally
contrary to the purpose of s 397.

29 In this regard, we gratefully adopt and reiterate the following admonition
from the High Court in _Ong Boon Kheng v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] SGHC 199 at
[14]:

It takes only a little ingenuity to re-cast what is a straightforward,
commonsensical application of principles of law to the relevant facts into an
apparent legal conundrum which seemingly calls for determination by the
highest court of the land. I cautioned against this where Constitutional law
issues are concerned in the context of s 56A of the Subordinate Courts Act
(Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed) in  _Johari bin Kanadi and another v PP_ [2008] 3 SLR
422 at [9]. I think the courts should be astute to sieve out appeals dressed
in s 60 SCJA disguise.

Conclusion

30 In the final analysis, it can only be said that the both Criminal Motions
were utterly without merit. We therefore dismissed both applications and
remitted both cases back to the District Court to take their normal course.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jan 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

