Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  World Sport Group Pte Ltd _v_ Dorsey James Michael  
[2013] SGHC 78

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 839 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 404
of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 April 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Deborah Evaline Barker SC and Hewage Ushan Saminda
Premaratne (KhattarWong LLP) for the plaintiff; N Sreenivasan and Sujatha
Selvakumar (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  World Sport Group Pte Ltd — Dorsey James Michael  
  
10 April 2013|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 The plaintiff in this Originating Summons, World Sport Group Pte Ltd,
initiated these proceedings under O 24 r 6(1) and O 26A r 1(1) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) in order to obtain pre-action
discovery from, and administer pre-action interrogatories against, the
defendant, James Michael Dorsey. The interrogatories sought to be administered
were set out in Schedule 1 annexed to the Originating Summons. A copy of
Schedule 1 is annexed to these grounds of decision.

**[LawNet Admin Note: Schedule 1 is viewable only to LawNet subscribers via
the PDF in the Case View Tools.]**

2 The application first came on for hearing before an assistant registrar
(“AR”) and she ordered the defendant to answer all the interrogatories set out
in Schedule 1. She refused, however, to order discovery of the documents
specified in Schedule 2 (which was also annexed to the Originating Summons).
The defendant appealed. There was, however, no cross-appeal by the plaintiff
on the issue of discovery. On hearing the appeal, I decided that the defendant
had to answer the following interrogatories, _viz_ , nos 1, 2(a), 2(b), 2(c),
6 and 6.1. I allowed the defendant’s appeal in respect of the other
interrogatories being nos 2(d), 2(e), 3.1, 3.2, 4, 5, 6.2 and 6.3. The
defendant is not satisfied with this outcome and has appealed to the Court of
Appeal.

Background

3 The plaintiff is a company which was incorporated in Singapore in 2002. It
provides sports marketing and media and event management in connection with
international sporting events throughout Asia. The plaintiff and its related
entities have been in a contractual relationship with the Asian Football
Confederation (“AFC”) since 1993 with respect to the commercial rights of
major football competitions staged by the AFC. The AFC is the organiser,
controller and official governing body of the sport of association football
throughout Asia (including Australia).

4 The defendant is a Senior Fellow at the Nanyang Technological University’s S
Rajaratnam School of International Studies (“NTU”). He has a keen interest in
issues affecting the Middle East and North Africa including politics and the
interaction of sports with politics, economics and culture. In addition, he is
a blogger on his blog http://mideastsoccer.blogspot.sg/. He also has a Twitter
account which he uses to tweet his posts and articles. The defendant writes
articles on, _inter alia_ , the political, social and economic development of
soccer in the Middle East on his blog and in a multitude of other media, which
he tweets through his Twitter account.

5 The AFC has been in contractual relationships with the plaintiff and its
related entities since 1993. On 15 June 2009, the AFC and an associate of the
plaintiff entered into a Master Rights Agreement (“the MRA”) for the
exploitation of commercial rights to AFC football competitions taking place
between 2013 and 2020. The MRA was novated to the plaintiff with effect from 1
January 2010. According to the plaintiff, the MRA contains a strict
confidentiality clause which prevents the plaintiff from disclosing its
contents unless required by law.

6 In July 2011, Mohamed Bin Hammam (“MBH”), the then president of AFC, was
banned from the International Federation of Association Football (“FIFA”) as a
result of allegations of election bribery made against him. Subsequently, the
Court of Arbitration for Sport overturned this ban but FIFA then banned him
again pending concerns regarding his management of AFC’s funds as well as
pending a renewed investigation into the election bribery charges.

7 On or about 13 July 2012, PriceWaterhouseCoopers Advisory Service Sdn Bhd
(“PWC”), under the instructions of AFC and its Malaysian solicitors, put up an
audit report (“the Report”) reviewing transactions, accounting practices and
contracts negotiated during MBH’s tenure as president of the AFC. The Report
contains a number of references to the MRA and its commercial terms. According
to the plaintiff, the Report states that it is intended solely for the
“internal use and benefit” of AFC and its Malaysian solicitors and is
therefore confidential. The plaintiff also alleges that remarks defamatory of
it are contained in the Report.

8 Between 23 July 2012 and 22 September 2012, the defendant published several
posts and articles on the world wide web. These included the following:

(a) on 23 July 2012, an article entitled “ _Bin Hammam Audit Opens Pandora’s
Box – Analysis_ ”;

(b) on 24 July 2012, an article entitled “ _UAE and UAE hire fired AFC Bin
Hammam Associates – Analysis_ ”;

(c) on 27 July 2012, an article entitled “ _FIFA’s suspension of Bin Hammam
buys time_ ”;

(d) on 28 August 2012, a post entitled “ _FIFA investigates: World Cup host
Qatar in the hot seat_ ” on his blog;

(e) on 28 August 2012 an article entitled “ _FIFA investigates: World Cup host
Qatar in the hot seat_ ”;

(f) on 5 September 2012, a post entitled “ _AFC reports stolen Bin Hammam
payment documents to police_ ” on his blog;

(g) on 12 September 2012, a post entitled “ _World Sport Group sues journalist
in bid to squash reporting on Bin Hammam_ ” on his blog; and

(h) on 22 September 2012, a post entitled “ _Iran accused WSG of overpricing
in breach of international rules_ ” on his blog.

9 In his article posted on his blog on 23 July 2012, the defendant referred to
and quoted from the Report. The quoted parts included portions of the Report
which the plaintiff says are defamatory of it. In this article, the defendant
admitted that he had obtained a copy of the Report. Subsequently, in or about
August 2012, media organisations in Australia, Saudi Arabia and northern
California published articles which made reference to the Report.

The proceedings

10 The plaintiff commenced the present proceedings to obtain discovery of the
Report and for leave to serve pre-action interrogatories pursuant to O 26A r 1
of the Rules (“O 26A r 1”) on the defendant to:

(a) identify the party or parties responsible for publishing the Report or its
contents to third parties; and

(b) identify the party or parties who provided confidential information to the
defendant pertaining to the MRA and to ascertain the nature of any breach of
an obligation of confidentiality.

11 The plaintiff’s intention is to commence proceedings against the defendant
and/or:

(a) any party whom the answers to the interrogatories show had provided a copy
of the Report to any third party in breach of confidentiality and/or had
published material defamatory of the plaintiff contained in the Report to any
party by providing a copy of the whole or any part of the Report to any
person; and

(b) any party whom the answers to the interrogatories show had provided
confidential information to the defendant relating to the MRA.

12 The plaintiff’s position is that the Report was prepared without its
representatives having been consulted or interviewed and that:

(a) the Report contains assertions and imputations that are _prima facie_
defamatory;

(b) PWC was provided with inaccurate or incomplete information and materials
which were insufficient for PWC to prepare a report containing an accurate
picture of what actually transpired; and

(c) the Report makes conclusions that are speculative.

13 The defendant alleges that the Report is not confidential. He does not
dispute that the Report contains defamatory allegations and/or conveys
innuendos of the plaintiff that are defamatory. His position is that the
plaintiff ought to direct its intended cause of action against the AFC for
“disseminating the Report which allegedly contained defamatory remarks about
the Plaintiff”. The AFC has, however, according to the plaintiff, denied that
it disclosed the Report to anyone but FIFA. The AFC has also stated that the
distribution of the Report is unauthorised and that those who have received it
must destroy it. The plaintiff admits that it does not have any evidence that
links the circulation of the Report with the AFC and/or its
employees/officers/representatives.

The law

14 The relevant portions of O 26A r 1 provide as follows:

**Interrogatories against other person (O. 26A, r. 1)**

**1.—(1**) An application for an order to administer interrogatories before
the commencement of proceedings shall be made by originating summons and the
person against whom the order is sought shall be made defendant to the
originating summons.

...

(3) The originating summons under paragraph (1) or summons under paragraph (2)
shall be supported by an affidavit which must –

(_a_) in the case of an originating summons under paragraph (1), state the
grounds for the application, the material facts pertaining to the intended
proceedings and whether the person against whom the order is ought is likely
to be party to subsequent proceedings in Court; and

(_b_) in any case, specify the interrogatories to be administered and show ...
that the answers to the interrogatories are relevant to an issue arising or
likely to arise out of the claim made or likely to be made in the proceedings
or the identity of the likely parties to the proceedings, or both.

...

(5) An order to administer interrogatories before the commencement of
proceedings ... may be made by the Court for the purpose of or with a view to
identifying possible parties to any proceedings in such circumstances where
the Court thinks it just to make such an order, and on such terms as it thinks
just.

15 In _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler SC gen ed) (LexisNexis,
2009) (“ _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ ”), it is noted at para 26A/1/5 that
O 26A r 1(5) formulates the principle enunciated in _Norwich Pharmacal Co v
Customs and Excise Commissioners_ [1974] AC 133 (“ _Norwich Pharmacal_ ”). The
principle laid down in _Norwich Pharmacal_ is that a claimant may seek
information for the purpose of identifying the person who is potentially
liable to him. The wording of O 26A r 1(5) is broader than this original
principle in that the court is given the power to administer interrogatories
with a view to identifying “possible parties” to any proceedings.

16 The rationale of the _Norwich Pharmacal_ principle as explained by Lord
Reid at p 174 was that if information in the possession of the defendant as to
the identity of tortfeasors could not be made available by discovery, the
applicant would not be able to begin any action against possible parties
because he would not know the identity of the persons who had committed
tortious wrongdoings against him.

17 The scope of the _Norwich Pharmacal_ principle was examined further in
_British Steel Corp v Granada Television Ltd_ [1980] 3 WLR 774 (“ _British
Steel_ ”). There, the applicant, British Steel, commenced an action against a
television company for disclosure of the name of one of the applicant’s
employees who had wrongfully passed confidential information to the television
company. The High Court granted the order and this was upheld on appeal. Lord
Wilberforce stated at p 826 of his opinion in the House of Lords that for an
aggrieved person to succeed in obtaining such an order against a journalist,
he would have “to satisfy the court that he has a real grievance, even after
suing the newspaper, which, in the interest of justice, he ought to be allowed
to pursue, and that this ought, in the particular case, to outweigh whatever
public interest there may be in preserving the confidence”. Lord Wilberforce
further noted at p 827 that there was a public interest in the free flow of
information but that the strength of such interest would vary from case to
case and the court ought to take this into account. In the _British Steel_
case, however, the balance was strongly in British Steel’s favour because:

[British Steel] suffered a grievous wrong, in which Granada itself became
involved, not innocently, but with active participation. To confine [British
Steel] to its remedy against Granada and to deny it the opportunity of a
remedy against the source, would be a significant denial of justice.

18 There is substantial case authority in Singapore on this issue. Singapore
courts have not only applied the _Norwich Pharmacal_ principle but have also
considered O 26A r 2 and emphasised that if the interrogatories are not
relevant and necessary either for disposing fairly of the cause or matter or
for saving costs, they will not be allowed. For example, in _Richland
Logistics Services Pte Ltd v Biforst Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2006] SGHC 137, Lai
Siu Chiu J observed at [38] that:

In any event, whatever the outcome of the interrogatories, granting the
application would amount to a cost-savings measure. If the defendant’s answers
proved that the plaintiff’s suspicions were unfounded, time and money would
have been saved by the plaintiff not pursuing a claim against AKTPL. On the
other hand, if the plaintiff’s suspicions were proved correct, it could take
the appropriate action against AKTPL and/or Ang and/or Koh. The defendant
would not be prejudiced in any event as the plaintiff would bear the
defendant’s costs of answering the interrogatories, pursuant to O 26A r 5 of
the Rules. ...

19 It is also relevant in this case to reiterate that what has been called the
“newspaper rule” in England does not apply in Singapore. The newspaper rule as
observed in England is that the courts will not, as a rule, compel a newspaper
in a libel action to disclose before trial the source of its information. In
_KLW Holdings Ltd v Singapore Press Holdings Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 477, it was
held that there was no newspaper rule in Singapore. This decision was followed
by _Tullett Prebon (Singapore) Ltd and others v Spring Mark Geoffrey and
another_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 187. Instead, the courts have, as demonstrated in the
two cases cited, leaned in favour of a balancing of interests approach in
resolving cases that require a reporter/journalist to disclose the identity of
his source.

20 In _Bayerische Hypo- und Vereinsbank AG v Asia Pacific Breweries
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and other applications_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 39, Belinda Ang
Saw Ean J noted that the court had a duty to ensure that any application for
pre-action discovery was not frivolous or speculative and that the applicant
was not on a fishing expedition. Once the court was satisfied that these
criteria had been met, then the next consideration would be whether the
discovery would be necessary for disposing fairly of the proceedings or for
saving costs. As Choo Han Teck J put it more colourfully in _Ng Giok Oh v
Sajjad Akhtar_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 375 at [7], pre-action discovery is not an
instrument for private detectives snooping for action. Whilst the cited cases
are on pre-action discovery, the principles they state are also relevant in
cases like the present on pre-action interrogatories. In this respect, it is
stated in _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ at para 26A/1/5 that the authorities
applicable to pre-action discovery would similarly apply to pre-action
interrogatories.

The appeal

21 The first two interrogatories that I ordered the defendant to answer are
the following:

1\. State the names and last known addresses of the “ _sources close to the
AFC_ ” and “ _source_ ” or “ _sources_ ” referred to in your blog post titled
“ _FIFA investigates: World Cup host Qatar in the hot seat_ ” … (URL:
http://mideastsoccer.blogspot.sg/2012/08/ fifa-investigates-world-cup-host-
qatar.html)?

2\. Is each of the _“sources close to the AFC_ ” or the “ _sources_ ” an
employee/officer/representative [of] the Asian Federation [_sic_]
Confederation (“**AFC** ”)?

If yes:-

(a) What is his/her position?

If no:-,

(b) What is the relationship of each of the “ _sources close to the AFC_ ” or
“ _sources_ ” to the AFC?

(c) Was any of them previously employed by or associated with AFC?

These interrogatories dealt with the source’s identity and relationship to
AFC.

22 The other two interrogatories that I ordered to be answered dealt with the
MRA and are a follow-up to interrogatories 1 and 2\. They are:

6\. Are you or have you been in possession or custody of any agreement between
World Sport Football Ltd (“WSF”) and the AFC or World Sport Group Pte Ltd
(“WSG”) and the AFC?

6.1 If yes, did the source provide you a copy of any agreement/s between WSF
and/or WSG and the AFC?

If yes:-

(a) Please state the date, time and place the source provided you a copy of
any such agreement/s.

If no:-

(b) Did the source provide you part of any such agreement/s between WSF and/or
WSG and the AFC?

If yes:-

(i). Please state the date, time and place the source provided you part of any
such agreement/s.

These interrogatories were more specifically directed towards ascertaining
whether a copy of the MRA was given to the defendant and if so by whom. Whilst
my order referred specifically only to interrogatory 6.1, this was an
oversight as an answer to interrogatory 6 is necessarily required before
interrogatory 6.1 becomes answerable.

23 It may be helpful for me to set out here the portions of the defendant’s
article which gave rise to the plaintiff’s request for interrogatories. These
read:

The AFC has raised questions about the sincerity of its investigation by
hiring the group despite CAS’s rejection of its earlier work. The group has
been tasked with further investigating the findings of a report by
PriceWaterhouseCooper [_sic_] (PwC) that charged Mr. Bin Hammam had used an
AFC sundry account as his personal account and raised questions about his
negotiation of a $1 billion marketing and rights contract with Singapore-based
World Sport Group (WSG) ... The PwC report further suggested that there may
have been cases of AFC money laundering, tax invasion [_sic_], bribery and
busting of US sanctions against Iran and North Korea under Mr. Bin Hammam’s
leadership.

...

The WSG master rights agreement (MRA) that _according to sources close to the
AFC_ handed the soccer body’s assets embodied in its rights to the company is
certain to be at the core of both investigations. **_PwC questioned the fact
that the contract as well as the agreement with Al Jazeera had been awarded
without being putting [_****sic**** _] out to tender or financial due
diligence._**_Sources close to AFC said the contract_ awarded WSG all the
benefits while ensuring that AFC retained the potential liabilities. **_PwC
said the contract failed to give AFC a right to audit WSG’s services or costs.
“In comparison with similar-type agreements for other sports, it appears that
the current MRA may be considerably undervalued,” the PwC report said._**

The report charged further that Mr. Bin Hammam had received in February 2008
$12 million from Al Baraka Investment and Development Co, believed to be owned
by Saudi billionaire Sheikh Saleh Kamel. **_“We understand that the Al Baraka
Group may have been a 20% beneficial owner of the WSG group” (World Sport
Group) with which the AFC signed a $1 billion master rights agreement (MRA) in
June 2009 negotiated by Mr. Bin Hammam,” the report said._**

_Sources close to the AFC_ said the soccer body had been advised to conclude a
service provider rather than a master rights agreement with WSG. This would
have allowed the AFC to retain control of its rights, determine how they are
exploited and enabled it to continuously supervise the quality of services
provided by WSG. It would have also guaranteed that the AFC rather than WSG
would have been the contracting party with broadcasters and sponsors and would
have insulated the soccer body from any risk should WSG ever default, _the
sources said_. They said the contract was out of sync with other international
sports bodies that had shifted years ago from rights to service provider
agreements.

_The sources said_ the WSG agreement was further detrimental to AFC’s
interests because it failed to precisely define what commercial rights were
being granted. ...

_The sources said_ the contract put WSG in the driver’s seat with no oversight
or transparency. ...

[emphasis in bold italics and underline added]

24 The plaintiff submitted that the portions of the article which are
underlined and emphasised in bold above, when read alone and together,
conveyed imputations defamatory of the plaintiff. These were that the
plaintiff secured the MRA at an undervaluation because of the absence of a
tender and/or by improper means and that as a result the MRA was seriously
disadvantageous to the AFC. Further, there was an innuendo that the plaintiff
was involved in corrupt practices, including paying bribes to MBH, to secure
the MRA. The plaintiff considered that the publication or dissemination of the
defamatory Report or the defamatory statements contained in the Report would
cause it damage and therefore it had a right to seek relief against the party
responsible whether the same was the defendant, the “sources close to the AFC”
or any other third party. It should be noted that the plaintiff maintained
that there was no truth in the derogatory statements and that the Report had
not considered other material favourable to it.

25 I agreed that the defendant’s article contained statements that were,
_prima facie_ , defamatory of the plaintiff and had identified these
statements as emanating either from the Report or from “sources close to the
AFC” or from “sources” who may or may not have been the same as those close to
the AFC. If in fact such sources had provided the Report or information about
the Report to the defendant, they would, _prima facie_ , have defamed the
plaintiff or assisted in the publication of defamatory statements. Thus, the
plaintiff on the face of it had a cause of action in defamation against such
sources. The plaintiff had said in its affidavits and submissions that it
intended to commence legal proceedings against such sources and needed to
identify the same for this purpose.

26 The plaintiff also argued that because of the presence of the
confidentiality clause in the MRA, it had a possible cause of action in breach
of confidence against “sources close to the AFC” who might have provided a
copy of the MRA or information about it to the defendant. I agreed that
anybody who was employed by the AFC or had come to know about the MRA by
reason of a connection with the AFC could possibly be liable to the plaintiff
for breach of confidence if such person had released information about the
same to the defendant who was not entitled to be given such information by
virtue of the confidentiality clause in the MRA. In order to sue such persons,
the plaintiff would have to know their identities.

27 I was satisfied that the plaintiff had not made its application frivolously
or vexatiously and that it had a valid reason for administering pre-action
interrogatories to the defendant.

28 The defendant argued that the plaintiff could sue him and that should be a
sufficient remedy. The plaintiff answered that it had not yet commenced any
proceedings against the defendant because it wanted to know who the proper
parties to sue were. The defendant was an individual and the source might be
an individual or might be someone that a company was responsible for. Further,
the defendant as an independent commentator might be able to put up a defence
of fair comment on a matter of public interest but such a defence might not be
available to the source. If the defendant was the only person sued and he
succeeded in this defence of fair comment, the plaintiff would then be denied
any remedy. It should be noted that the defendant had indicated in a letter
from his solicitors that even if the contents of his article were defamatory
of the plaintiff (which he denied), they were fair comments. In order for the
plaintiff to be afforded such protection as permitted under the law, it needed
to ascertain the identities of other persons potentially liable to it. I
agreed that the fact that the defendant might be liable for defamation was not
a sufficient reason to allow him to protect his sources since pursuing a legal
action against the defendant alone might not be effective.

29 The MRA itself was a confidential document. On this basis, the defendant
who was not a party to it was not entitled to information about it. Therefore,
whoever informed the defendant about the MRA was, possibly, a wrongdoer and
the plaintiff was entitled to investigate and initiate action to determine
whether it had a legal remedy for breach of confidence.

30 The plaintiff was at this stage unaware of who had given the defendant
information about the MRA apart from what was stated in the Report. Such a
person might have been authorised by the AFC to distribute the MRA, he might
be a person connected with the AFC who was acting without authority, or he
might be a person who had no connection at all with the AFC but who had
somehow managed to get a copy of the MRA. In this regard, the plaintiff was
entitled to know what connection this person had with the AFC since such
connection would determine whether and, if so, the extent to which the
confidentiality of MRA had been breached by the AFC or a person connected to
it. Question 2 of the interrogatories was designed to elicit this information
and I allowed it for this reason. The answer would inform the plaintiff about
the relationship between the AFC and the source who had given information
about the MRA to the defendant and would allow the plaintiff to properly
calibrate its future course of action. I allowed interrogatories 6 and 6.1 for
the same reason.

31 The defendant argued that he was entitled to protect his sources as a
journalist. He produced a copy of the Code of Professional Conduct of the
Singapore National Union of Journalists. However, the defendant did not state
in his affidavit that he was a member of the Singapore National Union of
Journalists or that he considered himself to be bound by that Code of
Professional Conduct. I accepted the plaintiff’s submission that, _prima
facie_ , the defendant was not a journalist as he was employed by NTU as a
Senior Fellow and kept up his blog and his Twitter posts for his own interests
and to disseminate his own viewpoints. The defendant himself in one of his
affidavits had said that prior to joining NTU he had been a journalist and
that from 2006 until the date of the affidavit, he was also a freelance writer
and speaker. In any event, as I have stated earlier, there is no newspaper
rule in Singapore that operates to protect a journalist’s sources from being
disclosed. Instead, the court adopts a balancing of interests approach.

32 The court orders a party to disclose his source of information if the
plaintiff shows that it has a real interest in suing the source and this
outweighs the public interest of preserving the confidence of sources. In this
case, the plaintiff did establish its real interest in suing the defendant’s
source(s). As for the public interest, whilst the public has an interest in
the free flow of information, such interest has to be balanced, _inter alia_ ,
against the need to preserve confidentiality and to encourage persons bound by
obligations of confidentiality to abide by the same. The “sources close to the
AFC” had _prima facie_ breached their duties of confidentiality under the MRA
or in equity (by virtue of having knowledge of the confidentiality of the MRA)
and _prima facie_ it would not be correct to protect such breaches. Of course,
once the identity of the source is known, the source will be able to defend
his/its actions in accordance with the law.

33 In _British Steel_ , Templeman LJ (as he then was) recognised at p 812 that
“[n]o principle of public policy or freedom of the press or freedom of
information or journalistic ethics justifies resistance in these circumstances
to [British Steel’s] claim to discover from Granada the identity of [British
Steel’s] employees who broke his promise to [British Steel], enabled Granada
to breach their duty to [British Steel] and now shelters behind Granada’s
promise of concealment”. This _dictum_ aptly reflected the situation before
me. I was satisfied that the public interest in the free flow of information
would not be adversely affected by the orders that I made against the
defendant in the light of the _prima facie_ probability that his sources were
in breach of their legal obligations of confidentiality by furnishing him with
information on, or a copy of, the MRA.

34 One final point. During the hearing I pointed out to the plaintiff that it
was possible that it had no cause of action in Singapore against anyone other
than the defendant. This was because the AFC is a Malaysian company and
therefore “sources close to the AFC” were probably in Malaysia as well. The
plaintiff persuaded me that that was speculation. The defendant had not
indicated where he received his information and in what manner. In the present
age of easy movement of persons between nations and the easier transmission of
information across borders, the information was as likely to have been
received in Singapore as anywhere else.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Apr 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

