Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Han Kim Hwa _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 29

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 338 of 2010 (DAC No 37365, 37367, 40040
and 40041 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 January 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ramesh Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary) for the appellant; Ramu
Miyapan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Han Kim Hwa — Public Prosecutor  
  
30 January 2013|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal by the appellant who was convicted on four charges under
the Misuse of Drugs Act. They were charges for possession of drugs for the
purposes of trafficking. The trial lasted 16 days and after the appellant was
convicted on those charges he pleaded guilty to five other charges and agreed
to have 12 others taken into account for the purposes of sentencing. The
appellant appealed against conviction and sentence in respect of the four
charges he had claimed trial to. The first, DAC 37365 of 2009, concerned 2.45g
of diamorphine. He was sentenced to seven years’ imprisonment and five strokes
of the cane. The second charge, DAC 37367 of 2009, concerned 2380 tablets of
nimetazepan (Erimin) and he was sentenced to two years’ imprisonment and two
strokes of the cane. The third charge, DAC 40040 of 2009, concerned 12.83g of
ecstasy and he was sentenced to six years’ imprisonment and five strokes of
the cane. The fourth charge, DAC 40041 of 2009 concerned 36.73g of
methamphetamine and he was sentenced to six years’ and five strokes of the
cane. He was also sentenced for the seventh and eighth charges which he had
pleaded guilty to (DAC 1784 of 2010 and DAC 13453 of 2010) and was sentenced
to three years’ imprisonment for the seventh charge and five years’
imprisonment and three strokes of the cane in respect of the eighth charge.
The terms of imprisonment in respect of the first, seventh and eighth charges
were ordered to run consecutively while the terms of imprisonment for the
remaining charges (second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth and ninth) were to run
concurrently with the terms of imprisonment for the first, seventh and eighth
charges. The total length of imprisonment ordered was thus 15 years and the
total number of strokes of the cane was 20.

2 Mr Ramesh argued on behalf of the appellant that the convictions ought to be
set aside because the trial judge found that the defence of consumption was
not supported by expert evidence. Counsel submitted that experts are expensive
and the appellant could not afford one. He submitted that in respect of the
second charge, the judge was wrong to have found the appellant’s evidence
inconsistent because of only one inconsistency which arose only when the
appellant’s statement was admitted after the appellant had finished his
testimony.

3 I agree with counsel that expert evidence is not necessary for the trial
judge to accept the defence of consumption. The trial judge, however, must
have regard to all the evidence taken as a whole. In this case, he was clearly
of the view that the appellant had exaggerated his claims and thus he was not
believed. The evidence shows that the trial judge was justified in rejecting
the appellant’s claim that all the drugs were for his own consumption. First,
the appellant claimed that he had given up heroin and the heroin found were
the remnants of his old stock. He needed to be very convincing to persuade the
court that he had given up heroin. It is widely accepted that drug addicts
progress from softer drugs to harder drugs and not the other way round. Hence,
the evidence of the accused did not appear sufficiently persuasive as he had
nothing more “than his say so”, to use the words of the trial judge.

4 Secondly, the diverse varieties of drugs found in his possession indicated
that he was more likely to be a trafficker than an addict. He had a stock of
diverse drugs as if he was running a drug mini-supermarket. He had to be
convincing to persuade the court that he consumed all those drugs in the four
charges on which he was tried. This he failed to do. In perusing the record
after his conviction, the appellate court is entitled to see whether the other
charges to which the appellant pleaded guilty to or agreed to have taken into
account for sentencing affected or reinforced the findings and sentencing by
the trial judge. In this case, those charges indicated that the trial judge
was not wrong in his decision.

5 In respect of his appeal against the sentences imposed, I am of the view
that they were not manifestly excessive since he was not a first offender.
Further, he had committed some of the offences concerned in the trial below
while he was out on bail.

6 For the reasons above, the appeals against conviction and sentence were
dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jan 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

