Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wu Guo Hao Max _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 255

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 266 of 2012, Criminal Motions No 17 &
39 of 2013 and Criminal Revision No 16 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Applicant in-person; Francis Ng and Gregory Gan
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor.  
Parties| :|  Wu Guo Hao Max — Public Prosecutor  
  
22 November 2013|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant in Magistrate’s Appeal No 266 of 2012 made two applications in
Criminal Motions No 17 and 39 of 2013. The applications arose from his appeal
against conviction and sentence in respect of four charges of knowingly
furnishing false information to the Controller of Work Passes under s 22(1)(d)
of the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act (Cap 91A, 2009 Rev Ed). The offences
were punishable under s 22(1)(ii). The appellant submitted four applications
for an “Entrepass” with accompanying business plans to the Ministry of
Manpower. These applications were purportedly made by four Chinese nationals —
one application per person — who wished to start a business in Singapore. The
four persons were Zhao Guo An (“Zhao”), Sha You Bing (“Sha”), Lu Jun Cai
(“Lu”) and Li Jian Hua (“Li”). The four charges that the appellant faced
corresponded to these four applications. In DAC 42940 of 2010, Zhao was the
applicant purporting to set up a business called HaoLin Project Pte Ltd; in
DAC 42941 of 2010, Sha was the applicant purporting to set up Panyue
Construction Pte Ltd; in DAC 42942 of 2010 Lu was the applicant purporting to
set up Tima Works Pte Ltd; and in DAC 42493 of 2010, Li was the applicant
purporting to set up Penja Renovation Pte Ltd.

2 The prosecution proved at trial that none of the four had the intention of
setting up the business described in their applications. The information and
applications were submitted by the appellant through his company HobLink
Business Coauthor Pte Ltd. The four persons each paid the company $1,500 for
the submission of these applications. The prosecution also proved that the
appellant knew that the four persons had no intention of setting up a
business. The appellant was therefore convicted of furnishing information
which he knew was false to the Controller of Work Passes and sentenced to
three months imprisonment with two of the sentences to run consecutively
making a total of six months imprisonment. The appellant appealed. His appeal
was strictly on fact, but he also alleged bias and prejudice on the part of
the trial judge. It was in respect of these matters that the appellant filed
the two Criminal Motions.

3 Some of the issues raised in the Criminal Motions were in fact matters that
should be considered in the appeal proper (for example the prayer that the
long statement be expunged from the record and that a _voir dire_ be conducted
to determine its admissibility). I shall deal first with the matters that were
properly to be dealt with in the Criminal Motions before the appeal itself.

4 The main application in Criminal Motion No 17 of 2013 was for the production
of the charges that the prosecution had sought to replace the four charges in
question. In the event, the four charges were not amended and hence the
proposed amended charges were not adduced. Those charges were thus of no
relevance to the trial but the appellant, acting in person here and below, had
a sharp and distinct distrust of the prosecution and the trial court. He
assumed that there was some relevance otherwise the prosecution would not have
attempted to amend the charges. He made a further assumption in that the
aborted amendments were in his favour. Therefore, he claimed, it was in the
interests of justice that they be produced. The trial judge was entirely
correct in refusing to allow the proposed draft charges to be adduced. No
draft was tendered before the court and none can be found in the record. The
amendments, whatever their worth, have become totally irrelevant once the
prosecution decided not to amend the charges.

5 Then there was the appellant’s request to adduce fresh evidence. This was in
relation to some voice recordings made by the appellant in his conversations
with the investigating officer. The recordings and transcript are the subject
of the present request. The recordings were unauthorised and were in the
possession of the appellant. He spent more than 20 days cross-examining the
investigating officer and had ample opportunity then to confront the officer
with these recordings or a transcript, but he did not do so. Therefore I did
not permit him to adduce the recordings and transcript at the appeal stage. He
also requested 14 items to be admitted. Those articles were shown to witnesses
and marked only for identification. They were not admitted at trial after the
prosecution had objected to their admission, mainly for lack of relevance and
lack of authenticity. For example, many of the items relate to text messages
which could not be verified by any witness. In my view the trial judge was
right not to admit these items and I did not allow him to admit them now.

6 In Criminal Motion No 39 of 2013, the appellant wanted his cautioned
statements to be admitted. These statements were not admitted at trial. The
“cautioned statement” is so named because the accused person, when charged, is
served with a notice to state the facts upon which he intends to rely in his
defence, and he would be cautioned that if he does not do so, his evidence
would be less likely to be believed should those facts emerge only at trial.
It seems that accused persons may not comprehend the purpose and function of
the cautioned statement. Consequently, the cautioned statements tend to
contain admissions of guilt and become prized evidence which the prosecution
then tenders as part of the prosecution’s case at trial. However, if, as in
this case, the prosecution does not tender it, the defence could and should do
so if it intended to rely on the statements. In exceptional cases, where the
accused was clueless as to what his defence was, let alone how it should have
been conducted, an appeal court may allow the cautioned statements to be
admitted at the appeal. The appellant before me was not such an accused. He
was savvy and knew very clearly what he was doing. He put up a defence that
resulted in the trial lasting over 100 days. In his reply, the DPP Mr Francis
Ng submitted that the appellant’s cautioned statements merely recited that he
was an honest businessman, a role he embellished in detail during his defence
at trial. The cautioned statements were subsequently produced in the
appellant’s affidavit in support of the Criminal Motions. As the DPP
submitted, they merely stated that the appellant was honest and the
prosecution witnesses were lying.

7 For all these reasons, I am of the view that the applications should be
dismissed. The other evidence sought to be admitted were letters of complaint
against the trial judge. They were written before the trial ended. In any
event, if the complaints were valid and relevant, they can be advanced as part
of the arguments in the appeal proper. The applications in Criminal Motion No
17 of 2013 and Criminal Motion No 39 of 2013 were thus dismissed. As a result
of having filed these two Motions, the appellant’s appeal could not be heard
until the Motions were dealt with. Both Motions were voluminous and I thus
adjourned the hearing of the appeal to the date of my decision in respect of
the two Criminal Motions. I directed that there would be no further
adjournments and the appeal would proceed on the date as fixed. The appeal was
fixed for hearing on 13 November 2013. On 25 October 2013 the appellant filed
Criminal Revision No 16 of 2013. It contained 30 pages of small printed
complaints regarding the conduct of the trial judge and numerous submissions
relating to the evidence at trial. This was a trial that lasted about 106 days
in the Subordinate Courts.

8 I directed the appellant to incorporate his grievances under his appeal and
to proceed with his appeal as the matters raised in Criminal Revision No 16 of
2013 related to the evidence and procedure which he complained were wrongly
administered or adjudicated by the trial judge. The appellant’s submissions
turned out to be nothing more than the matters he had covered in his
applications and all the written submissions that he had filed.

9 The grounds of appeal were on facts. First, he was adamant that he committed
no offence because the instructions given to him by the persons involved were
genuine instructions, _ie_ , he said that the persons told him that they
intended to set up businesses in Singapore and asked him to help them submit
applications towards that end. He also claimed that the Ministry of Manpower
did not think that he had committed any offence on the basis that the
investigating officer’s initial conclusion was that he was not running an
“unlicensed employment agency”. Secondly, he alleged that he was framed by the
four persons concerned in the charges. Thirdly, he took an obsessive view that
the trial judge would not have convicted him had he (the judge) not wrongly
ruled that the proposed amendments to the charges were not relevant evidence.

10 I agree with the DPP that the findings of fact sufficient to prove the
charges had been properly made by the trial judge. There was nothing
sufficiently cogent to indicate that the trial judge ought to have found that
either the offences had not been committed by the appellant or that he had
been framed by the persons named. The appellant did not adduce any credible
evidence that he had been framed. On the contrary, the evidence adduced and
rightfully accepted by the trial judge was that the persons named never
intended to apply for an “EntrePass” and the applications submitted were
submitted by the appellant and contained particulars that the appellant knew
to be false. It was made clear by the trial judge that, on the crucial fact as
to who provided the information that were incorporated into the business
plans, the information was found to have been provided by the appellant and
not the four persons. I have no basis for finding that the appellant’s
evidence was more credible than that of the prosecution’s witnesses.

11 I would also find that the allegations of bias and prejudice against the
long suffering trial judge were unfounded. I could not help but form the
impression that the trial judge gave the appellant far too much leeway at
trial, perhaps on account of his being an accused in person, unrepresented by
counsel. Events since have shown that the appellant had taken too much
advantage of this. I was therefore of the view that the appeal had no merit
and the sentences passed were not manifestly excessive. The matters raised in
Criminal Revision No 16 of 2013 and the appeal in Magistrate’s Appeal No 266
of 2012 were therefore dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

