Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lian Hwee Choo, Phebe _v_ Tan Seng Ong  
[2013] SGCA 37

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 136 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Narayanan Sreenivasan S.C., Stuart Andrew Palmer and Judy
Ang Pei Xia (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the appellant; Lim Kheng Yan Molly
S.C., Koh Sunanda Swee Hiong, and Lim Rui Cong Roy (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC)
for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lian Hwee Choo, Phebe — Tan Seng Ong  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 255.]

3 July 2013|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The appellant and respondent in this appeal were formerly wife and husband
respectively. In the course of the ancillary matters consequent upon their
divorce, a preliminary question arose. This was determined by the Judge
dealing with the ancillary matters (“the Judge”) after the parties were cross-
examined on their affidavits. The determination led to the sole issue in this
appeal, namely, whether the parties had come to an agreement on the
matrimonial assets that could be categorised as one “made in contemplation of
divorce” within the meaning of s 112(2)(e) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353,
2009 Rev Ed) (“the Charter”).

2 At first instance, the Judge essentially held that such an agreement could
be implied from all the relevant circumstances. The wife appealed against this
determination. We allowed the appeal and held that there was no such
agreement. We now set out the detailed grounds for our decision.

Facts

Procedural history

3 The parties married in August 1974, and have four adult children. Three of
the children were born before 1985. In December 2010, the wife commenced
divorce proceedings. In April 2011, the husband consented to interim judgment
on the basis that the parties had lived apart for a continuous period of at
least three years immediately preceding the filing of the writ of divorce.

4 In October 2011, the wife filed and served a request for discovery and
interrogatories on the husband, in which she asked for the audited reports and
lists of assets of companies which the husband had an interest in. The husband
refused to accede to the request on the ground that the parties had agreed in
1985 to divide their matrimonial assets and cease community of assets, with
both parties thereafter having no claim to future assets acquired by the other
during marriage (“the Agreement”). This was the first time that the husband
had alleged the existence of the Agreement. The husband then made a similar
request for information relating to the wife’s companies. His request was
denied on the basis that the companies concerned were not matrimonial assets.

5 Subsequently, the husband filed a summons for the determination of the
preliminary issue of whether the Agreement had indeed been made in 1985.

Background facts

6 By November 1985 when the Agreement was allegedly made, the parties had
already engaged in a number of property transactions. At that time, the
husband was working full-time with the Public Utilities Board (“the PUB”)
whilst the wife was a housewife, but they worked together to purchase and re-
sell real estate.

7 In 1980, the parties entered into their biggest transaction. This was the
purchase of a plot of land at Jalan Pasir Ria (“the Jalan Pasir Ria Land”).
The transaction was carried out in the wife’s name because the husband’s
employment with the PUB made it less convenient for the transaction to be
carried out in his name. In November 1982, they sold the Jalan Pasir Ria Land
for a profit of $4.018m. The husband and the wife were entitled to half of the
profits each, but they deposited their respective shares into a joint bank
account.

8 In 1982, the parties became joint owners of a Housing and Development Board
flat. Due to regulations extant then, the parties were not allowed to purchase
private property in their own names thereafter. Thus, when they subsequently
went on to purchase several other private properties using profits from the
sale of the Jalan Pasir Ria Land, they placed the same in the names of the
wife’s mother and sister to be held on trust for them (“the Properties”). The
parties also acquired a property in London which was placed in the wife’s name
alone.

9 In January 1984, the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore enquired into the
sale of the Jalan Pasir Ria Land. As the Jalan Pasir Ria Land was held in the
wife’s name, she would have been fully liable for income tax at a rate of
approximately 33.3% (_ie_ , about $1m) if the profits earned on the re-sale
were found to be liable to be taxed as income. The wife alleged that she
received no assurances from the husband that he would contribute his share of
the tax and that there had been substantial withdrawals from the funds in the
joint bank account. She was therefore concerned about her ability to pay any
outstanding taxes.

10 At around the same time, the wife discovered that the husband was involved
in an affair. In anger, she unilaterally cancelled a line of credit which the
parties had obtained. This cancellation had a detrimental effect on the cash
flow of the husband’s property development business. In early November 1985,
the wife left the matrimonial home with their three children, then aged nine,
seven and one, with the intention of relocating to London.

11 The husband immediately engaged solicitors from Shook Lin & Bok (“Shook
Lin”) and on 13 November 1985 successfully obtained an injunction preventing
the wife from leaving Singapore with the three children. The husband also
lodged caveats against the Properties. In turn, the wife engaged solicitors
from Harold Seet & Co (“Harold Seet”). The parties, and their respective
solicitors, met at Harold Seet’s office on 19 November 1985 in an attempt to
resolve the impasse (“the 19 November Meeting”). The husband wanted the
Properties transferred to him immediately and he was also very concerned with
the welfare of the three children.

12 Subsequently, Shook Lin hand-delivered a letter dated 22 November 1985 to
Harold Seet (“the 22 November Letter”). The contents of this letter were
directly pertinent to the appeal and the letter is discussed in further detail
below (see [31], [32] and [41] below). On 23 November 1985, the wife returned
to the matrimonial home with the three children and the parties resumed
cohabitation. Meanwhile, the parties, through their solicitors, continued to
have discussions regarding the transfer of the Properties and the income tax
liabilities. In July 1986, the parties’ relationship broke down again when the
wife left. However, she returned subsequently and the parties then continued
living together for more than 20 years.

13 The issues relating to the transfer of the Properties and the income tax
liabilities were finally resolved in February or March 1987. Three properties
in Singapore were transferred to the husband whilst the wife retained cash in
an English account and an apartment in Pepys Hill. It was not disputed that
the couple, despite their apparent reconciliation, had thereafter conducted
their financial affairs separately. The husband and wife operated their
respective property development businesses independently of each other, and
did not pool their assets. The only exception was a joint venture regarding
the redevelopment of one plot of land, in which each party was entitled to
half of the profits. In 1991, the parties had their fourth and youngest child.

The decision below

14 In his grounds of decision (cited at [2012] SGHC 255) (“the GD”), the Judge
first noted that there was no signed agreement between the parties setting out
all the terms of the Agreement (at [49] of the GD). He then cited _Cooperative
Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as Rabobank International),
Singapore Branch v Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR 63 (“
_Raiffeisen_ ”) for the proposition that an agreement could nevertheless still
be implied from a course of conduct or dealings between the parties or from
correspondence or from all relevant circumstances (_ibid._).

15 The Judge found that the negotiations between the parties “bore the
hallmarks of a couple contemplating the possibility of divorce in the future”
(at [51] of the GD) because:

(a) The wife had left in a fit of anger at discovering the husband’s
infidelity, rather than because of concern over the tax liabilities (at [50]
of the GD);

(b) Despite the Properties taking centre stage, there were also discussions
about access to the children and a personal allowance for the wife (at [51] of
the GD);

(c) The negotiations were not made in a spirit of reconciliation and renewal
of vows; they transformed the marital relationship into a business-like
relationship (_ibid._);

(d) The transfers of the Properties were final, and were done neither for love
nor for tax planning purposes (_ibid._);

(e) After the transfers, the parties took care of their respective assets.
They made their own capital and maintenance-related payments, and had
unilateral control over rental and sale. This was despite the fact that three
of their units were in the same condominium (at [52] of the GD);

(f) The husband had to offer for sale a half-share of the matrimonial home to
the wife. The wife had also offered a half-share in another property to the
husband. The parties were dealing with their own business affairs (and tax
matters) without the need for consent from the other party (at [53] of the
GD);

(g) The wife’s conduct during discovery also underscored the parties’
understanding that there was to be no more community of assets. She had
claimed that certain companies that were set up and run as businesses during
the subsistence of the marriage were not matrimonial assets (at [54] of the
GD).

Our decision

The law

16 Section 112 of the Charter governs the division of matrimonial assets. It
deals, amongst other things, with agreements for the division of these assets.
The material portions of this statutory provision are reproduced below:

**Power of court to order division of matrimonial assets**

**112**. — (1) The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the
grant of a judgment of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, to
order the division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of
any such asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the
sale of any such asset in such proportions as the court thinks just and
equitable.

(2) It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regard to all
the circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

…

(e) any _agreement_ between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets _made in contemplation of divorce_ ;

…

[emphasis added]

It bears mention that if in any particular divorce proceedings it is
established that an agreement falling within s 112(2)(e) exists, that
agreement is only one of the factors the court has to consider when deciding
how the matrimonial assets are to be divided. Depending on the circumstances,
this may not be the main factor in the division. The parties and the Judge
were fully aware of this aspect and the Judge noted at [55] of his judgment
that his finding on the existence of the Agreement was not the end of the
inquiry and the court would have to look at all the circumstances to determine
how much weight to give to the Agreement.

17 To determine whether an agreement of the type specified in s 112(2)(e) of
the Charter exists, two elements must be met: first, there must have been an
agreement with respect to the ownership and division of matrimonial assets;
and second, the aforesaid agreement must have been “made in contemplation of
divorce”.

18 With regard to the first element, it is uncontroversial that agreements
pertaining to the ownership and division of matrimonial assets ought generally
to comply with the various legal doctrines and requirements that are an
integral part of the common law of contract (see _TQ v TR and another appeal_
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 961 (“ _TQ v TR_ ”) at [94], where this comment was made _vis-
à-vis_ prenuptial agreements within the framework of s 112 of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the 1997 Charter”) which is _in pari materia_
with s 112 of the edition of the Charter currently in force, and _Wong Kien
Keong v Khoo Hoon Eng_ [2012] SGHC 127 at [20] where this principle was
extended to postnuptial agreements within the framework of the current edition
of the Charter).

19 Turning to the second element, the arrangements that the agreement makes
for the ownership and division of assets must be intended to apply in the
event of a dissolution of the marriage, since s 112 is wholly concerned with
the distribution of assets upon divorce. The paradigm case is an agreement
reached between feuding spouses who want a clean break. This is illustrated by
the decision in the High Court case of _Wong Kam Fong Anne v Ang Ann Liang_
[1992] 3 SLR(R) 902 (“ _Wong Kam Fong Anne_ ”) in the context of s 112 of the
1997 Charter. The parties in that case were married in 1958 and had two
children. They had led separate lives since 1980, and did not cohabit as
husband and wife. In May 1984, they entered into a deed of separation, wherein
the husband agreed that the wife was to be sole legal and beneficial owner of
the matrimonial home. The deed went on to state that, in the event of a
divorce suit, the deed shall be submitted to the court by either party and may
be incorporated in the judgment of the court. The deed was not to be
invalidated by a temporary reconciliation (save for a written statement signed
by both parties cancelling the deed), and was also not to be invalidated by
any judgement made by the court. Michael Hwang JC held that the deed was made
at a time when the parties had already been separated, and divorce was viewed
as a real possibility (though not necessarily in the immediate future). The
deed was therefore intended as a comprehensive financial and property
settlement between the parties.

20 It is not, however, necessary that to fall within s 112(2)(e) the agreement
has to have been made between parties who are already married and
contemplating an imminent divorce. It is clear from the decision of this court
in _TQ v TR_ , which dealt with a prenuptial agreement made shortly before the
marriage and some 13 years before the wife filed for divorce, that the divorce
need not be imminent or even desired at the time of the agreement. Rather,
what is required is that in making the agreement, the parties must have
addressed their minds to the issue of how property should be divided in the
eventuality of a divorce, notwithstanding the possibility that at the time of
making the agreement they had hoped that this eventuality would not arise.
Thus, the intention that must be found by the court is that the parties
intended for the agreement to exhaustively govern the allocation of
matrimonial assets upon the _contingency_ of divorce, whenever that might
actually happen.

21 It follows from the foregoing that there can be two types of agreement
within the meaning of s 112(2)(e) of the Charter:

(a) If an agreement is entered into for the purpose of dividing the assets in
the context of a specifically contemplated divorce, that will be an agreement
within the meaning of s 112(2)(e) for the purpose of that divorce; but, if for
some reason the divorce does not ensue at that time and the parties reconcile
and carry on, then that agreement can have no relevance in the event of a
later divorce.

(b) On the other hand, if an agreement is a definitive one for the division of
assets in the event of a divorce (whenever that might happen and even though
it may not be specifically envisaged at the time of the agreement (as is the
case in a prenuptial agreement)), the evidence must show that the agreement
was intended to have such an effect. If such intention is proven, as it was in
_TQ v TR_ , then that agreement would be admissible under s 112(2)(e).

22 The necessary intention envisaged in [21(b)] above may be explicitly stated
in a written agreement signed by the parties or clearly inferable from the
language of such agreement (as was the case in _Wong Kam Fong Anne_). An
express clause stating that the agreement pertaining to the division of
matrimonial assets is to be binding upon divorce would generally be sufficient
to prove the requisite intention. Of course, the requisite intention is to be
objectively ascertained; no party should be allowed to renege on an ostensibly
binding agreement simply because of unobservable subjective reservations (see
_Aircharter World Pte Ltd v Kontena Nasional Bhd_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 440 at
[30]). The ostensible or expressed intention could, however, be negated by
proof of undue influence or incomplete disclosure of assets or other such
behaviour on the part of one party which could have had an effect on the other
party’s decision to enter the agreement.

23 On the other hand, specific reference to divorce may not have been made in
the written agreement. In such a case, a detailed analysis of the facts would
have to be undertaken by the court to determine whether the agreement arrived
at by the parties was intended to govern what would happen to the matrimonial
assets in the event of a divorce.

24 _Wong Ser Wan v Ng Cheong Ling_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 416 (“ _Wong Ser Wan_ ”) is
an example of a case where scrutiny of the circumstances showed that no
agreement falling within s 112(2)(e) of the 1997 Charter existed. The parties
in that case were married in January 1976 and had three children. The marriage
broke down over a prolonged period, during which the parties had dealings and
negotiations culminating in a consent maintenance order and various written
agreements drafted by lawyers. Pursuant to the terms agreed, the wife withdrew
the divorce petition she had filed in 1996. In 1999, however, she filed
another divorce petition which eventually led to the issue of a decree of
divorce. The gist of the earlier arrangements was that the husband agreed to
pay maintenance and irrevocably made certain gifts to the wife. In the divorce
that eventuated, the question that arose was whether those earlier
arrangements constituted agreements between the parties with respect to the
ownership and division of the matrimonial assets. It was held that the
arrangements were not concluded in contemplation of divorce. They were entered
into on the husband’s part to prevent a divorce from taking place at that time
and on the wife’s part in order to reduce her financial dependence on the
husband. Whilst the wife argued that the arrangements had been made in
contemplation of divorce (a position that would have been in her favour since
the husband was a bankrupt at the time of the ancillary hearing), it was not
submitted on behalf of the wife that she had intended that the assets
transferred to her pursuant to the arrangements would, in the event of a
divorce, constitute her share of the matrimonial assets. To put it another
way, the wife had not agreed that she would not make any further claim to a
share in the matrimonial assets. The bottom line was that the arrangements
were not intended to set out the regime for the division of assets in the
event of a divorce.

25 In essence, therefore, the difference between _Wong Ser Wan_ and _Wong Kam
Fong Anne_ was that in the former case the circumstances did not disclose a
mutual intention on the part of the spouses that their agreement should
conclusively settle the division of matrimonial assets should a divorce
eventuate, whilst in the latter such an intention was manifested or inferred.

26 An agreement on the disposition of property in the event of divorce does
not, _stricto sensu_ , oust the jurisdiction of the court because the court
grants its imprimatur to such agreements, which are not enforced directly _ex
debito justitiae_ but indirectly via s 112. Nevertheless, a stringent standard
is required because the parties are in effect inviting the courts to place at
least some weight on such agreements, and courts could accord significant, or
even conclusive weight to such agreements (see _TQ v TR_ at [86] and [91]).
The courts must thus ensure that the parties had truly intended for the
agreement to be binding in the event of a divorce. The phrase “in
contemplation of divorce” must be given due weight and act as a filtering
device.

27 Where there is no written document and no clear evidence of parties having
verbally concluded an agreement, can an agreement falling within s 112(2)(e)
nevertheless be implied? The Judge had held that _Raiffeisen_ stood for the
proposition that in such a situation, an agreement could be implied from a
course of conduct or dealings between the parties or from correspondence or
from all relevant circumstances. With respect, the Judge misconstrued
_Raiffeisen_ and had utilised an overly-broad approach. The exact quote from
_Raiffeisen_ reads (at [46]):

Contracts _may in certain cases_ be implied from a course of conduct or
dealings between the parties or from correspondence or all relevant
circumstances. [emphasis added]

28 The following passage from Edwin Peel, _Treitel: The Law of Contract_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2007) at para 4-021 cited by the judge in
Raiffeisen at [46] is apposite:

The question of contractual intention is, in the last resort, one of fact. In
deciding it, a distinction must be drawn between implied and express
agreements. Claims based on _implied_ agreements are approached on the basis
that **_'contracts are not lightly to be implied'_** and that the court must
therefore be able 'to conclude with confidence that ... the parties intended
to create contractual relations'. The burden of proof on this issue is on the
proponent of the implied contract, and in a number of cases claims or defences
based on implied contracts have been rejected precisely on the ground that
contractual intention had not been shown by that party to exist. [emphasis in
original in italics, emphasis added in bold italics]

The judge in _Raiffeisen_ (_ibid._) also went on to cite the _locus classicus_
on implied contracts, _viz, Blackpool and Fylde Aero Club Ltd v Blackpool
Borough Council_ [1990] 1 WLR 1195 at 1202F:

I readily accept that _contracts are not to be lightly implied_. Having
examined what the parties said and did, the court must be able to conclude
with confidence both that the parties intended to create contractual relations
and **_that the agreement was to the effect contended for_**. It must also, in
most cases, be able to answer the question posed by Mustill L.J. in _Hispanica
de Petroles S.A. v. Vencedora Oceanica Navegacion S.A. (No. 2) (Note)_ [1987]
2 Lloyd's Rep. 321, 331: ‘ _What was the mechanism for offer and acceptance_?
[emphasis in original in italics, emphasis added in bold italics]

29 It is evident from the authorities cited above that two substantial hurdles
must be crossed for an agreement to be implied for the purposes of s
112(2)(e). First, the burden lies on the party alleging that the agreement
exists to adduce proof that an agreement ought to be implied based on all the
relevant circumstances. Clear and cogent proof inexorably pointing towards
_consensus ad idem_ and an intention to create legal relations is required
because of the fundamental proposition that contracts should not be lightly
implied. Second, the agreement must be to the effect contended for. In other
words, the agreement must have been intended to exhaustively govern the post-
divorce allocation of matrimonial assets. This is over and above the question
of whether an agreement _simplicter_ exists. Even if an agreement pertaining
to matrimonial assets is implied, this is not conclusive (or indicative) of
the further issue of whether the agreement is meant to exhaustively govern the
post-divorce allocation of the said assets.

30 Due to these hurdles, it would be extremely unlikely for a court to find
that an agreement intended to exhaustively govern the post-divorce allocation
of matrimonial assets ought to be implied from the behaviour of spouses.
Married couples redistribute the ownership of matrimonial assets for all sorts
of reasons, oftentimes without intending for the ownership of the same to be
cast in stone _vis-à-vis_ each other. The mere fact of inter-spousal transfer
of ownership is normally equivocal, and could be construed to have been done
for various reasons that have nothing to do with divorce or a severing of the
marital connection. As VK Rajah JA observed in _Wan Lai Cheng v Quek Seow Kee
and another appeal and another matter_ [2012] 4 SLR 405 at [108]:

... Undoubtedly, there are many couples who hold all or most of the assets
which they acquire during the marriage in just one name, without having had
any serious prior discussion or agreement as to how those assets ought to be
divided in the event that the marriage fails. _Transfers can also take place
for any number of legitimate reasons, sometimes purely for convenience, and
either with or without any intention by the donor spouse to permanently
renounce his or her entire beneficial interest in the asset concerned_ ...
[emphasis added]

For these reasons, there will normally be no justification to prefer the
possibility that the transfers _per se_ evince an intention for the parties to
be bound by the post-transfer allocation upon divorce, over other equally
plausible reasons (for instance, tax or estate planning or ring-fencing assets
against third party claims).

Analysis of the facts

31 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions before us, we
came to a different conclusion on the facts than that drawn by the Judge.
Whilst we did not have the advantage of seeing the parties, much of the
evidence was contained in contemporaneous documentary correspondence and, in
this respect, we were in no worse a position than the Judge to assess how such
correspondence supported the positions taken by the parties when they came to
court some 25 years later. It was firstly notable that there was no express
mention of division of the assets in the correspondence between the parties.
On the wife’s part, the correspondence showed that she was concerned mainly
about her tax liability as she had been the sole registered owner of the Jalan
Pasir Ria Land. In general, the correspondence supported the wife’s stand that
the Agreement simply concerned a re-arrangement of the legal ownership of
various properties (beneficially owned by the parties) which re-arrangement
had been demanded by the husband who was concerned that none of his properties
were in his name. The letters also indicated that the wife was agreeable to
the husband’s demands as long as he was willing to bear his share of the tax
liabilities.

32 The 22 November Letter, which followed the 19 November Meeting, stated that
“the following matters were discussed and agreed upon at the meeting”. Several
matters were referred to, namely the transfer of the legal ownership of the
Properties, the issue of an option to purchase, the payment of income tax
liabilities, and custody of and access to the children. Based on this letter
alone, there was undoubtedly an agreement between the parties evidenced in
writing. There were nine further pieces of corroborative correspondence which
pertained to the exact mechanism of the transfers (with some also pertaining
to custody). Thus there was no need to resort to _Raiffeisen_ in order to
imply an agreement.

33 Taken as a whole, the contemporaneous documentary evidence showed that the
parties did not have any intention for the Agreement to exhaustively govern
the post-divorce allocation of matrimonial assets:

(a) The 22 November Letter stated that “The issues and solutions have largely
been agreed upon and the outstanding issues remaining concern the provision of
security to your client for our client’s tax liability, if any, and the
details of custody and access to our client and _the terms of reconciliation._
” [emphasis added]

(b) In two pieces of correspondence, first a telex from Harold Seet to Shook
Lin dated 6 October 1986, and secondly a letter from Shook Lin to Harold Seet
dated 23 October 1986, the subject heading reads “RE: MADAM LIAN HWEE CHOO
MATRIMONIAL DISPUTE”. This subject heading indicates that in so far as the
parties’ legal advisers were concerned, at that time (which was nearly a year
after the Agreement in November 1985), there was only a dispute between the
parties which was then in the course of resolution. They were not
contemplating divorce proceedings. In fact, the dispute was finally resolved
in early 1987 when the property transfers took place.

(c) None of the correspondence mentioned what either party’s rights would be
in the event of a divorce or what the parties’ respective contributions to the
marriage had been (as a basis for division) or any consideration of the value
of the assets (an important factor when negotiating the division of assets).

34 The husband’s evidence given during cross-examination was also consistent
with what the documentary evidence suggested:

Q:The purpose of those arrangements was with either the express intent or the
hope that she will come back with the children and the family will stay
together.

A:At that time, children were still young, I disagree.

Q:No, the idea of you and your wife was to get her back with the children and
stay as a family. That was the purpose of all these arrangements?

A:Yes.

Q:The purpose was not in contemplation of a divorce, am I right? Do you agree?

A: _At that time, we did not mention about divorce_ , yes, but she -- we
already said it very clearly -- we have already divided the assets very
clearly, so she told me in future if there is any issue in the marriage, then
we will separate our ways.

Q:Meaning she told you that if you were not faithful again, she would divorce
you, am I right?

A:She once said that.

Q:Yes. But try and understand my question, Mr Tan, it's not a trick question.
These arrangements that were made by you, in your mind, _the purpose was to
get her back with the children to the house._ Am I right?

A: _Yes._ Because the children are still young, I have already told you.

…

Q:Mr Tan, I think you really have to understand my question. Listen very
carefully. This arrangement regarding the property, was it made in your mind
-- forget about her mind -- was it made in your mind with a divorce being
contemplated? Or was it made to bring her back with the children or was it
made for some other reason?

A:I have already said yesterday, let's say in 1985 I have already filed a
summons and told her _if we did not divide the assets, then I'll bring her to
court and subsequently it would be a divorce._

[emphasis added]

35 Additionally, the husband had stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
filed on 8 June 2012 that:

I realized that in order for the Plaintiff and I, to continue with our
marriage, it would be necessary and appropriate to put into perspective, the
children’s affairs and interests, as well as the financial aspects, of our
marriage.

36 Thus, to the husband, the Agreement was concluded with the * purpose of
reconciliation, and not divorce. The husband even went so far to say that he
would have filed for divorce but for the Agreement. As the husband himself did
not have the requisite intention, _a fortiori_ , the parties did not come to a
consensus _ad idem_ and certainly did not have a common intention for the
Agreement to exhaustively govern the post-divorce allocation of matrimonial
assets.

37 As for the wife’s intentions at that time, the Judge had found as a fact
that the wife had left the matrimonial home in a fit of anger at discovering
the husband’s infidelity rather than because of fears or concerns over tax,
and that she had wanted to punish the husband for his infidelity by causing
him to be without assets, without any credit line, and without a family ([50]
of the GD). With respect, this finding was not pertinent to the question of
whether the wife had intended for the Agreement to be exhaustive of the _post_
-divorce allocation of assets.

38 The sole shred of documentary evidence that could perhaps be used to
support the husband’s position that the Agreement was made in contemplation of
divorce was a telex from Harold Seet to Shook Lin dated 6 December 1985, where
the subject reference read “RE: DIVORCE”. There was, however, no mention of
divorce in the body of the telex. Furthermore, the telex was sent in response
to two earlier letters from Shook Lin dated 22 November and 28 November 1985,
where no mention whatsoever had been made of divorce. For these reasons, we
were of the view that little weight should be placed on the subject reference
in the 6 December 1985 telex.

39 The husband also sought to rely on the fact that the wife had held 48%
(with him holding the remaining 52%) of the matrimonial assets post-transfer
as evidence of the fact that there had been a division of assets made pursuant
to an agreement made in contemplation of divorce. In our view, however, no
weight should be placed on the net effect of the transfers because the husband
had admitted on the stand that this was an _ex post facto_ rationalisation:

Q:When you discussed with your wife on 19 November. Was a 48 per cent, 52 per
cent figures [_sic_] ever discussed, you take 48 per cent, I take 52 per cent,
was that ever discussed? Yes or no?

A:This at that time – okay, I answer your question. At that time, she did not
mention this 48/52.

Q:You mentioned it?

A:Because – yes, but for the purpose of this court, I must tell the truth to
the court.

Q:Did you mention 48/52 in 19 November 1985?

A:No.

In our view, if the transfers were indeed meant to be binding upon divorce,
the parties would surely have discussed the proportion of the matrimonial
assets that each of them would be entitled to and the value of those assets at
the 19 November Meeting and/or in later correspondence. The fact that they
never undertook such an exercise, even in a rudimentary form, certainly
strengthens the inference that such a division was not on their minds at that
time.

40 Even if we were to disregard the objective documentary evidence, there was,
with respect, a _non sequitur_ in the Judge’s reasoning as set out in [15]
above. The fact that community of assets had ceased during marriage did not
necessarily mean that the parties had agreed not to redistribute the assets
upon divorce. To put it another way, the mere fact that the parties had
arranged their financial affairs in a certain way during the subsistence of
the marriage does not, without more, lead to the necessary conclusion that the
parties had intended for the post-divorce distribution of assets to be
governed exhaustively by the Agreement.

41 The fact that the parties were both legally represented at all material
times was yet another factor that militated against the possibility that the
parties had the requisite intention. In the absence of any basis to believe
otherwise, it would be safe to assume that the parties’ solicitors would have
duly advised them as to their respective rights and liabilities. Their
solicitors had also gone to the trouble of documenting the terms of the
parties’ agreement in the 22 November Letter. If it had been the parties’
intention for the Agreement to exhaustively govern the post-divorce allocation
of assets, this intention would surely have been expressly reflected in either
the 22 November Letter or at least one of the subsequent pieces of
correspondence. It was improbable that not just one, but two solicitors each
representing the interests of a different client would have omitted to
document such an important term.

42 Further, _Raiffeisen_ should only be invoked when the very existence of the
contract is in dispute because of a lack of documentation and/or a lack of a
clear-cut offer and acceptance, in which case all the relevant circumstances
would be taken into account to determine both the existence and terms of the
contract. Where some of the terms have been explicitly documented in writing,
the court is engaged in the exercise of the _implication of terms_ , which
proceeds on the basis of the absence of express terms. In this situation, the
governing principles would be those enunciated in the Court of Appeal case of
_Foo Jong Peng and others v Phua Kiah Mai and another_ [2012] 4 SLR 1267. Of
course, the foregoing does not rule out the situation where reliance is placed
on _Raiffeisen_ to find a collateral contract which varies an extant written
contract, but this is not the case before us.

Conclusion

43 We found that there was no agreement for the disposition of assets made in
contemplation of divorce within the meaning of s 112(2)(e) of the Charter. We
thus allowed the wife’s appeal and awarded her the costs of the appeal and the
hearing below, to be taxed, if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

