Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Idya Nurhazlyn bte Ahmad Khir _v_ Public Prosecutor and another appeal  
[2013] SGHC 238

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 134 of 2013 and Magistrate's Appeal No
135 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Derek Kang Yu Hsien (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
appellants; DPP Jiang Ke-Yue (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Idya Nurhazlyn bte Ahmad Khir — Public Prosecutor  
  
11 November 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ:

1 These appeals are brought by Ms Idya Nurhazlyn binte Ahmad Khir (“Idya”) and
her husband Mr Zunaidi bin Jaafar (“Zunaidi”) against the decision of the
District Judge in _Public Prosecutor v Idya Nurhazlyn binte Ahmad Khir and
another_ [2013] SGDC 217. Idya pleaded guilty to two charges of making false
statements under s 39(1) of the Passports Act (Cap 220, 2008 Rev Ed) and two
charges of cheating under s 417 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). She
was sentenced to an aggregate term of 5 months’ imprisonment. Zunaidi pleaded
guilty to one charge of making a false statement under s 39(1) of the
Passports Act and was sentenced to 6 weeks’ imprisonment.

2 Having considered the arguments presented, I am of the view that the
sentence imposed for one of the cheating offences and the sentences imposed
for the false statement offences were manifestly excessive. Accordingly, I
allow the appeal and reduce the first appellant’s aggregate sentence to a term
of imprisonment of 4½ months and the second appellant’s sentence to a term of
imprisonment of 3 weeks. To be fair to the District Judge, I note that she did
not have the benefit of any guidance on the question of the appropriate
sentences to be imposed in relation to convictions under s 39(1) of the
Passports Act given the dearth of reasoned precedents.

Background Facts

The False Statement Offences

3 The Appellants are a married couple. Sometime in 2010, they were staying at
the Lotus Desaru Hotel in Malaysia with three of their children as well as
Idya’s mother, grandmother and aunt. The Statement of Facts, which was
admitted without reservation by both accused, indicated that because the
Appellants were unable to pay the hotel bill at the time of checking-out, the
hotel retained the passports of all eight of them as security. The Appellants
and their accompanying relatives left and never returned to settle the bill or
retrieve the passports. Instead, they went to the home of Idya’s uncle in
Subang Jaya, Malaysia, where they stayed a further period of around three
weeks. This was plainly not tenable as a long term solution and at some point,
a scheme was hatched.

4 Pursuant to this scheme, on 21 July 2010, Idya lodged a police report at a
police station close to her uncle’s home, stating that she and her family
members had lost their passports. Later on that same day, Idya and her family
went to the Singapore High Commission in Kuala Lumpur to apply for documents
of identity to be issued in lieu of passports (“DOIs”). Idya completed a
declaration form stating that she had lost her passport in Kuala Lumpur. She
also helped her mother, grandmother and aunt to complete declaration forms in
similar terms.

5 Zunaidi, in the meantime, had been remanded by the Malaysian authorities for
unlawfully overstaying in Malaysia. He was released on 28 July 2010. Two days
later, on 30 July 2010, Zunaidi applied for a DOI at the Singapore High
Commission. He too completed a declaration form stating that he had lost his
passport. The Appellants and their family subsequently used the DOIs to return
to Singapore, whereupon the DOIs were surrendered to the authorities.

The Cheating Offences

6 Sometime in January 2011, Idya told her relatives that she was able to
purchase Apple products at a low price from a supplier and offered to place
orders for them. Her aunt, Norizah binte Md Noor, duly placed an order for two
Apple MacBooks and three Apple iPhones. On 24 January 2011, Norizah
transferred $1,800 to Idya’s bank account in accordance with her instructions.
Idya never delivered the promised items. A police report was made on 17
February 2011. Idya eventually made full restitution to Norizah.

7 Some time later, in early June 2011, Idya ordered $10,509 worth of Sony
products from ITIS Pte Ltd (“ITIS”). ITIS is an authorised dealer of Sony
products and Idya had been directed to ITIS after she first called the head
office of Sony Corporation (Singapore) to inquire into purchasing some
products ostensibly for her business. A sales executive from ITIS then
contacted Idya to follow up on her inquiry. Idya placed her order with the
sales executive and subsequently issued a cheque for $10,509 and collected the
Sony products at ITIS’ premises. The cheque was dishonoured when presented. A
police report was made on 17 June 2011. Investigations revealed that Idya knew
that the cheque would be dishonoured as it was drawn on a bank account that
had insufficient funds. Sony products worth $2,922.42 were recovered and Idya
eventually made restitution of the balance of $7,586.58.

The Decision Below

8 Idya pleaded guilty to two charges under s 39(1) of the Passports Act for
making false statements in respect of her own (“the first false statement
offence”) and her aunt’s (“the second false statement offence”) applications
for DOIs. Two charges relating to her mother and grandmother’s applications
were taken into consideration. Idya also pleaded guilty to two charges under s
417 of the Penal Code for cheating Norizah (“the first cheating offence”) and
ITIS (“the second cheating offence”). Idya had separately deceived two other
members of her family into paying her $550 each for iPads which she never
delivered. Two charges in respect of these offences were taken into
consideration.

9 The District Judge sentenced Idya to two months’ imprisonment for each of
the false statement offences, 2 months’ imprisonment for the first cheating
offence and 3 months’ imprisonment for the second cheating offence. The
sentences for the first false statement offence and the second cheating
offence were ordered to run consecutively, resulting in an aggregate sentence
of 5 months’ imprisonment.

10 In the same proceedings, Zunaidi pleaded guilty to one charge under s 39(1)
of the Passports Act for making a false statement in his application for a
DOI. He was sentenced to 6 weeks’ imprisonment.

The Appellants’ Case

11 The Appellants appeal on the basis that the sentences imposed were
manifestly excessive. They were represented by Mr Derek Kang under the
Criminal Legal Aid Scheme (“CLAS”) before me and in the court below.

12 Insofar as the offences under the Passports Act are concerned, Mr Kang
submitted that Idya was in a delicate state of mind at the time of the false
statement offences owing to a number of alleged events which I consider below
at [16] – [22]. Mr Kang submitted that this was part of the essential context
in which Idya’s false statements to obtain DOIs to return to Singapore are to
be assessed. Mr Kang also submitted that both the Appellants were first time
offenders and their offences were not premeditated. It was further contended
that s 39(1) of the Passports Act was intended to target those who made false
statements in order to obtain passports with a view to then misuse or abuse
them and not to target Singapore citizens whose passports had been stolen,
destroyed or were, for some reason, temporarily unavailable while abroad and
who needed a travel document in order to return home. In any event, Mr Kang
submitted, the Appellants’ false statements were not material as in all
likelihood, the DOIs would have been issued even if Idya, Zunaidi and the
others had made accurate declarations.

13 As regards Idya’s cheating offences, Mr Kang submitted that she was
affected by a psychiatric condition at the material time which she apparently
continues to suffer from. It was said that this reduced her culpability and
made it appropriate to impose a mandatory treatment order instead of a
custodial sentence. Finally, it was submitted that a custodial sentence was
not warranted as the prevailing sentencing benchmark in the District Court for
a first offence under s 417 was a fine.

The Respondent’s Case

14 The learned Deputy Public Prosecutor Mr Jiang Ke-Yue submitted that false
statement offences under s 39(1) of the Passports Act are serious and should
in principle warrant a custodial term. Further, the fact that the false
statements were made to a public institution and difficult to detect, given
that they were made overseas, called for a deterrent sentence. Notwithstanding
the admitted dearth of direct sentencing precedents, Mr Jiang submitted that
the District Judge was correct to have relied on the sentencing approach
adopted for analogous offences in _Luong Thi Trang Hoang Kathleen v Public
Prosecutor_ [2010] 1 SLR 707 (“ _Kathleen Luong_ ”), _Abu Syeed Chowdhury v
Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 182 (“ _Abu Syeed Chowdhury_ ”) and _Lai
Oei Mui Jenny v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 406 (“ _Jenny Lai_ ”).

15 As regards the cheating offences, Mr Jiang submitted that Idya had abused
the trust of her family by cheating them and had demonstrated a marked lack of
repentance by committing the second cheating offence even while she was under
investigation for the first. Finally, the sentence imposed by the District
Judge was said to be in line with the precedents.

My Decision

The False Statement Offences

Mitigation

16 In relation to the false statement offences, it is appropriate to begin
with the alleged background that Mr Kang put forward on Idya’s instructions.
According to Mr Kang, Idya was said to have been in a delicate state of mind
at the material time because of a series of events that began when the
Appellants were allegedly cheated of an unspecified “large proportion” of
their life savings in 2007. They had been offered employment in Dubai but
evidently, this was all part of a scam to cheat them. Moreover, on 30 January
2009, Idya gave birth to a premature baby girl named Izzlyn. Despite this, the
Appellants said that they had to leave Izzlyn in a hospital and head off to
Malaysia on 2 March 2009 as they had been told to do so by someone claiming to
be a lawyer from a leading Malaysian firm and by someone else claiming to be
from the Embassy of the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”) if they wished to recover
the money they had been cheated of. The Appellants claimed that they were easy
prey for a scam artist because they needed money to pay for Izzlyn’s medical
bills.

17 The venture apparently turned out to be unsuccessful and it appears that
they returned to Singapore for a period of time in April 2009, during which
they were contacted by the then Ministry of Community Development, Youth and
Sports (“MCYS”) regarding Izzlyn. Idya claims that the spectre of losing
Izzlyn to foster care, which was raised at this time, contributed to her
delicate state of mind. Nonetheless, it appears that they left for Malaysia
yet again sometime after this, and again they left Izzlyn behind. It was not
clear in whose care the child was placed on this occasion. Mr Kang submitted
that the Appellants and some other accompanying family members moved from one
hotel to another over the next year. It appears this was being orchestrated by
the mysterious lawyer in Malaysia who told them they had to follow his
directions in order to recover their lost money. He apparently also paid their
hotel bills along the way. This bizarre sequence of events allegedly continued
until their passports were retained by the Lotus Desaru Hotel. By this time,
in July 2010, Idya was more than 8 months’ pregnant with another baby and
under pressure to return to Singapore to deliver the baby. Zunaidi was taken
into remand for overstaying in Malaysia at about this time and Idya herself
had to spend a night in prison. Mr Kang submitted that it was in such
circumstances that she made the false statements.

18 The District Judge found this account bizarre and doubted its veracity. The
truth might at times be stranger than fiction but in the absence of any shred
of credible corroborating evidence, I could only agree with the District Judge
that this was a fabrication without any substance. In the first place, no
evidence was put forward in support of the tale that that they had been
defrauded of a large proportion of their life savings. The only documents
produced were some emails exchanged with a person purporting to offer the
Appellants employment in Dubai. These showed nothing else. Although the
Appellants claimed to have transferred various sums of money to the
fraudsters, no proof of any such transfers was provided. No evidence was put
forward as to how much they lost, or when, or how they had this money to begin
with.

19 Equally unbelievable was the tale of their itinerant living in various
hotels in Malaysia in the vain attempt to recover their lost savings. No light
was shed on their communications with the Malaysian law firm or the UAE
embassy. Further, no attempt was even made to explain why the endeavour to
recover their lost money would entail such a bizarre journey through various
parts of Malaysia for such a long period of time; nor how they spent their
time directed at this goal while they were there. It was said that all their
bills were being paid by the mysterious lawyer. If this were so, why did he
not just pay them their lost money? And why would he lead them on this trail
in the first place given that it did not appear that there was anything in it
for him? In my judgment, this was a tall tale without substance.

20 This weakens the basic claim that Idya was under pressure. But there is a
second string to that bow. Mr Kang submitted that she was also under pressure
because of the impending birth of her baby. However, this rings hollow when
one considers that the Appellants waited for three weeks after their passports
had been retained, before Idya lodged the false police report following which
they made the false statements. The crux of Mr Kang’s submission on this was
that the Appellants, who until then had been the beneficiary of an unknown
person’s generosity in settling their hotel bills, had been taken by surprise
at the Lotus Desaru Hotel when they were asked to pay up. I put it to Mr Kang
that if this were so, the most natural thing for them to do would have been to
promptly approach the Singapore High Commission. Yet, they never did this.
Finally, Idya cannot rely on her overnight stay in remand to support her claim
to have been in a delicate state of mind. She was remanded on 28 July 2009, a
week _after_ the false statements were made.

21 While Zunaidi’s remand commenced before Idya’s offence, this also cannot
possibly be considered a mitigating factor. The Appellants had been in
Malaysia for a lengthy period of time and should have known that they would
have to answer to the Malaysian authorities for overstaying before being
allowed to leave the country. This was not the first time that they had
overstayed in Malaysia. In her correspondence with the MCYS in April 2009
regarding her having left Izzlyn at the hospital, Idya mentioned that they had
been stopped in Johor at the end of their first sojourn in 2009 and had been
required to pay a fine for overstaying. They had been in Malaysia for 50 days
on that occasion. The Appellants must have known that the consequences would
be more severe on this occasion since they had apparently already been in
Malaysia for around a year.

22 In the final analysis, there was no basis whatsoever for me to place any
credence on Idya’s claim that she committed the false statement offences while
under some acute strain. Whatever the nature of the predicament the Appellants
found themselves in, it appears to have been entirely of their own making. I
therefore do not accept that there was any mitigating factor in relation to
the factual circumstances in which the offences were committed.

The legal submissions

23 I turn to the law. Mr Kang candidly conceded that a custodial sentence is
the norm for offences relating to false declarations. However, he sought to
distinguish the present case on two grounds. First, he pointed out that the
false statements were not made in order to obtain new passports that could
subsequently be abused. Instead, they were made to obtain single-use DOIs to
enable the Appellants and their families to return to Singapore. Therefore,
the harm that resulted from the false statements was not as serious as in
other such offences. Second, Mr Kang argued that the Appellants’ false
statements were not material to the issuance of the DOIs. He relied on s 16 of
the Passports Act, which states:

**Issue of Singapore document of identity, etc.**

**16.** —(1) Except as otherwise provided in Part III, _the Controller may
issue a Singapore document of identity or other emergency travel document to
any person where_ —

(a) the Controller has reasonable cause to believe that the person is a
citizen of Singapore;

(b) the Controller has reasonable cause to believe that —

(i) _the person’s Singapore passport has been lost or stolen or destroyed or
is_ **_temporarily unavailable_** ; or

(ii) an emergency has affected the availability of the information necessary
to ascertain whether or not that person is already the holder of a Singapore
passport; and

(c) the person wishes to travel immediately, but, for reasons of passport
security and integrity, the Controller considers that it is not desirable to
issue that person with a Singapore passport.

[emphasis in italics and in bold italics added]

Since the passports belonging to their Appellants and their family were in
fact temporarily unavailable, it was contended that they would have received
DOIs had they told the truth.

Legislative objects

24 At the outset, I must displace any notion that the offences committed in
this case were merely technical offences that did not result in any
appreciable harm. The gravity of the offence is to be seen in the context of
the legislative considerations which led to the enactment of this offence. I
shall turn to this momentarily. Nor is it helpful or appropriate to speculate
on whether the Appellants would or would not have been issued DOIs had they
come clean. This misses the point. The question is not just whether they would
have been issued a DOI. It is also a question of what else might have ensued
had they made a truthful declaration.

25 At the Second Reading of the Passports Bill (_Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (16 July 2007) vol 83), the then Deputy Prime
Minister and Minister for Home Affairs, Mr Wong Kan Seng, prefaced his remarks
by noting that the strong reputation of the Singapore passport enables
Singaporeans to enjoy visa-free entry in many countries (at col 1089). He
noted that this made the passport an attractive document for abuse by criminal
and terrorist elements (at col 1090). Such abuse would cause inconvenience to
Singaporeans travelling overseas as foreign immigration authorities might
start to doubt the authenticity of Singapore passports, or impose additional
restrictions on their holders (at col 1094). Further, the Deputy Prime
Minister noted that Singapore had to do its part to minimise the abuse of its
passports so as not to provide terrorist elements opportunities to slip in and
out of the country easily using forged or stolen passports.

26 The rationale for the offences created by the Passports Act is discernible
from the Deputy Prime Minister’s speech as a whole. Although in the context of
his discussion of s 39(1) he refers to the need to guard against the danger of
a genuine passport being issued on the basis of false information, this cannot
be the extent of the application of the section. One of the points that
permeates the entire speech is the Deputy Prime Minister’s emphasis on the
reputation and standing of the Singapore passport and the need to safeguard
this. The appellants’ actions in this case allowed a hotel employee to retain
eight genuine Singapore passports and created the opportunity for these
passports to be abused. Indeed, the statement of facts recites that the
appellants were unable to pay the hotel’s bill and that the passports were
retained as security. This is not unlike selling a passport for commercial
reward. It is true that the only offences with which the Appellants were
charged were that of making a false statement; but this context is helpful to
make the point that this was not some technical offence.

The appropriate sentence

27 Section 39(1) of the Passports Act states as follows:

**Making or giving false or misleading statements or information**

39.—(1) If —

(a) a person makes a statement (whether orally, in writing or any other way)
or gives information to another person;

(b) the statement or information —

(i) is false or misleading; or

(ii) omits any matter or thing without which the statement or information, as
the case may be, is misleading;

(c) the person knows that the statement or information is as described in
paragraph (b); and

(d) the statement is made or the information is given in, or in connection
with —

(i) an application for a Singapore passport or a Singapore travel document
(whether for that person or for another);

(ii) an application for an endorsement or extension of a Singapore passport or
a Singapore travel document (whether for that person or for another); or

(iii) a report of the loss, theft or destruction of a Singapore passport or a
Singapore travel document (whether or not belonging to that person),

the person shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to
a fine not exceeding $10,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 10
years or to both.

28 What then, ought the appropriate sentence to be? I accept as a starting
point that a custodial sentence should be the sentencing norm for an offence
under s 39(1). It is apparent from the severity of the maximum sentence
available under the section as well as from the Deputy Prime Minister’s speech
that the legislature intended for such offences to be dealt with severely.
This is so for good reason. All Singapore citizens bear the consequences when
a false statement enables a Singapore passport to be misused or creates the
opportunity for abuse and a key benefit of our rigorous crime control regime
is undermined.

29 The only precedent directly on point is the decision of the District Court
in _Public Prosecutor v Steve Segar Selva_ (“ _Steve Segar Selva_ ”). The
offender in that case pleaded guilty to and was convicted of one false
statement offence under s 39(1) of the Passports Act and was sentenced to 6
weeks’ imprisonment. He had falsely declared in an application for a
replacement passport that he had lost his passport. In fact, the passport had
been deposited with another person as assurance for a debt owed. Although the
facts in _Steve Segar Selva_ seem very similar to the present case, the
decision is of limited utility as it was not reasoned.

30 The District Judge accordingly relied on _Abu Syeed Chowdhury_ and _Jenny
Lai_. However, in my view these cases also shed limited light on what the
appropriate sentence should be. While _Jenny Lai_ did involve a case of
providing a false information to a public servant concerning the loss of a
Singapore passport when the accused had in fact sold the passport, she was
charged and convicted under s 182 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), an
offence punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year,
or with fine which may extend to $5,000, or with both. In contrast, section
39(1) of the Passports Act is punishable with a fine not exceeding $10,000 or
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 10 years or to both. As Chan Sek
Keong CJ observed in _Kathleen Luong_ (at [14]):

In assessing the value of sentencing precedents based on an offence
_different_ from that for which the court is to pass sentence, care must be
taken to ensure that the two offences (_ie_ , the offence which is the subject
matter of the sentencing precedents and the offence for which the court is to
pass sentence), although different, are still analogous in terms of both
policy and punishment. **_Now that offences relating to the misuse of foreign
travel documents have been consolidated and exhaustively set out in s 47 of
the current Passports Act, sentencing precedents for other unrelated offences
would be of limited guidance in prosecutions for the offence under s 47(3) of
that Act_**. For the above reasons, I did not think that the sentencing
precedents cited by the Appellant  _vis-à-vis_ ss 419 and 471 of the Penal
Code were applicable.

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis in bold italics added]

31 These observations are equally applicable in the present case. Section
39(1) of the Passports Act is a distinct offence that carries its own
considerations and one should be slow to refer to the sentences meted out for
ostensibly similar offences under other provisions. Similarly, _Abu Syeed
Chowdhury_ involved an offence under s 57(1)(_k_) of the Immigration Act (Cap
133, 2008 Rev Ed). The offender in that case had applied for and renewed his
employment pass on five occasions by falsely declaring that he was a
university graduate. He sought to substantiate his claim with a forged
graduation certificate. The offence in that case implicated the interest of
safeguarding Singapore’s ability to maintain its territorial sovereignty by
punishing foreigners who gain entry or remain under false pretences. It also
has the ancillary objective of protecting the integrity of our workforce. That
is quite different from the present case. I therefore do not regard the
sentence imposed in that case as instructive.

32 However, what is useful in _Abu Syeed Chowdhury_ is the analytical
framework put forward by Yong Pung How CJ for assessing the culpability of an
offender for false statement offences (see _Abu Syeed Chowdhury_ at [27] –
[31]). Yong CJ set out four considerations to guide the court in ascertaining
what the appropriate sentence ought to be:

(a) the materiality of the false representation on the mind of the decision-
maker;

(b) the nature and extent of the deception;

(c) the consequences of the deception; and

(d) the personal mitigation factors applicable to the offender.

33 In my judgment, this framework can usefully be applied for offences even
under other statutes where these involve false statements being made to a
public authority, in order to enable the sentencing court to gauge how serious
the particular offence is and where in the sentencing range the case should
fall.

34 Turning to the facts of the present case, Mr Kang’s principal argument was
that a DOI is a single use document that enables a Singapore citizen to return
home. He submitted that a false statement made in connection with an
application for such a DOI in such circumstances is quite unlike the situation
of a person making a false statement to apply for a passport to which he is
not entitled. I might be prepared to accept that the Appellants may have been
issued a DOI had they told the truth. But this does not mean the false
statement was not material. Had they told the truth at least two other
consequences might have ensued: first, the Singapore authorities would have
been able to initiate immediate action to recover the passports; and second,
the Appellants might have opened themselves to a charge under some other
provision for furnishing their passports improperly to some other person who
could then have abused them. Hence, while I accept that a Singaporean who
makes a false statement for the purpose of obtaining a single use DOI to
return home is in a different position and has less culpability than one who
does so for the purpose of obtaining a passport, this does not render it a
technical offence or deprive it of gravity. Moreover, the false statements had
been made _in order to_ secure the issuance of the DOIs. It ill lies in the
mouths of the appellants to now say that the statements were not material to
the very outcome they had been seeking in making it.

35 In relation to (d) above, I have rejected the personal mitigation factors
advanced. I turn to factor (b). I note that a considered decision was made to
present falsehoods to the Singapore High Commission and that some degree of
preparation was involved. This is apparent from the fact that Idya went to the
extent of making a false police report to the Malaysian police in order to
support their intended applications for DOIs. I regard this as an aggravating
factor.

36 As to factor (c) above at [32], while the consequences in this case are not
as serious as in other cases, they are nonetheless serious. The Appellants
made no attempt to inform the authorities about the whereabouts of their
passports immediately upon their being retained, allegedly without their
permission. Nor did they do so upon reaching the immigration checkpoint in
Singapore; nor even did they volunteer the information when first contacted by
an Investigating Officer from the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority
(“ICA”) about a week after they returned. Instead, it was only at an interview
with the ICA several weeks later that they informed the authorities about what
had happened to their passports. The passports were subsequently recovered by
the Johor Bahru police and then returned to ICA. Because they had not come
clean at the earliest possible occasion, the appellants had created an
opportunity for their passports to be abused

37 In my judgment, the starting point for an offence under s 39(1) should be a
term of between 4 and 8 weeks. Where the statement is made in connection with
a view to applying for a passport, a sentence at the higher end of that range
would be appropriate; if it is in connection with a single use DOI for the
purpose of returning home to Singapore a sentence at the lower end of that
range would be appropriate. In either case, the starting point may then be
adjusted up or down having regard to the considerations set out in the
analytical framework prescribed in _Abu Syeed Chowdhury_.

38 In the present case, having regard to the fact that Idya was evidently the
driving force who procured all the others to commit similar offences,
seemingly while Zunaidi was in prison, and having regard also to the fact that
she went to the extent of lodging a false police report in an attempt to
substantiate the false declaration, in my judgment the appropriate sentence
would be a term of imprisonment of 1½ months on each of the two charges. I so
order.

39 Zunaidi had been in remand at the time Idya had launched the plan and he
was not party to the offences of any of the others. In a sense, he was going
along with what had already been done. He appears very much to have been the
follower in this incident. I therefore consider a term of imprisonment of 3
weeks would be appropriate and I so order.

The Cheating Offences

Mitigation

40 I turn to Idya’s cheating offences. The primary mitigating factor that Mr
Kang relied on is Idya’s psychiatric condition. Reliance was placed
specifically on two medical reports from the Institute of Mental Health
(“IMH”) dated 15 August 2011 and 25 September 2013 respectively. The first
medical report states that Idya was first seen at the IMH on 13 July 2011 for
having “low mood for a few months”. She was admitted to the IMH but was
discharged the next day with a diagnosis of “Adjustment Disorder with
Depressed Mood”. The report states that Idya’s depressive symptoms appeared to
have been triggered by financial problems and that she had poor sleep and was
irritable and frustrated because of the second cheating offence. The second
medical report states that Idya suffers from “Major Depression (moderate
depressive episode)” that was triggered by the consequences of her conviction
by the District Judge for the cheating offences. Her condition was evidently
affected by the long period of uncertainty about her situation and the
consequences of her conviction, which included the prospect of imprisonment,
the loss of employment and stigmatisation by her community.

41 At the outset, it may be noted, as is apparent from these reports, that
Idya’s psychiatric condition had no causal connection with the cheating
offences. She was first seen some months _after_ the offences and it is clear
from the reports that her psychiatric condition stemmed from her inability or
unwillingness to face the consequences of her crimes. I therefore do not
accept that her condition can be considered a mitigating factor. As I pointed
out to Mr Kang, the prospect of facing a term of imprisonment is almost
uniformly a depressing one but that cannot be a sufficient basis to warrant
not imposing a sentence of imprisonment if that is otherwise called for.

42 Although the second medical report notes concerns that Idya’s “mental state
may worsen if she receives a prison sentence”, I make two observations. First,
the equivocal nature of this statement equally suggests that her condition may
_not_ worsen. Further, I am unwilling to accept that such a risk can be a
valid reason for not meting out a custodial sentence. It has been held that
the psychological impact of incarceration on a particular offender is
generally not a relevant sentencing consideration. In _R v Joseph Brian Kay_
(1980) 2 Cr App R (S) 284, the Court of Appeal (Criminal Division) of England
and Wales accepted that prison life was a very harsh experience for the
applicant in question and that he had to be seen by a psychiatrist and to be
supported by medication. However, it held that “how a man reacts to prison
life is not a matter which should affect the principle of the sentence. When
sentencing a man the court is concerned with the character of his crime and
with his individual circumstances as revealed in his criminal background, if
any”.

43 Similarly, in _R v Hans de Vroome_ (1989) 38 A Crim R 146, a case involving
a claustrophobic offender, it was held that:

An offender’s psychological or medical condition which would render
imprisonment a greater hardship to him than to another person, is a relevant
consideration in determining the length of a term of imprisonment and whether
it should be suspended. Nevertheless an offender cannot be allowed to escape
punishment for serious crime simply because he possesses a claustrophobic
temperament. It is the responsibility of the Correctional Services system to
manage prisoners in a way which minimises any harm to them which might result
from abnormal psychological or medical conditions. The courts can make some
adjustment to sentences to take account of the additional hardship caused to
an offender by his condition, but they are necessarily limited in the extent
of such adjustment by the necessity of maintaining proper standard of
punishment.

44 I agree with these observations. To hold otherwise would result in unfair
inconsistency in the sentencing of offenders who have committed similar
offences and demonstrated similar culpability.

45 Mr Kang also submitted that the District Judge had failed to give
appropriate weight to the fact that full restitution had been made. The
District Judge noted that restitution was made at a very late stage, about two
weeks before she pleaded guilty to the charges, and saw “little worthy
mitigating factors” in the appellants’ pleas. I agree with Mr Kang that Idya
should be given credit for having made restitution. Although it has been
established that credit will not be given for restitution made on the advice
of counsel with a calculated purposefulness in the hope of receiving a lighter
sentence and that the timing of such restitution is a consideration to be
taken into account (_Soong Hee Sin v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 475 at
[10]), I am not persuaded that that is the case here. Mr Kang rightly pointed
out that the appellants’ eligibility for CLAS representation indicated their
impecuniosity. I also note that Idya received a gross salary of $1,600 a month
and that she and Zunaidi, a taxi driver, had five children to support. In such
circumstances, it is probable that Idya would have needed time to accumulate
enough savings to make restitution. I therefore consider that appropriate
consideration must be given for her restitutionary efforts.

The appropriate sentence

46 I turn to the precedents. As noted above, Mr Kang submitted that the
prevailing sentencing practice is that a fine will be imposed for a first
offence punishable under s 417. He explained that this practice was not
apparent from the reported decisions because written grounds tend not to be
issued in such cases as the parties do not usually appeal. Whatever might be
the “practice”, I do not accept that it would be an appropriate to visit every
first conviction punishable under s 417 with a fine. The offence of cheating
under s 415 read with s 417 of the Penal Code embraces a wide range of conduct
with varying consequences. It is not in every case of cheating that loss will
be occasioned and perhaps in such a case, where no loss was ever suffered, a
fine might be appropriate. For example, in _Lim Choon Kang v Public
Prosecutor_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 254, the offender had deceived a company into
believing that another person had applied for some shares in the company when
in fact he was to be the beneficial owner of the shares applied for. Although
the High Court upheld the sentence of three weeks’ imprisonment and a fine of
$10,000, Yong CJ observed that fines could be imposed instead of custodial
sentences where the offence involved misleading share applications unless the
operation in question was of a considerable or substantial scale.

47 In my judgment, a custodial sentence will generally be appropriate as long
as the offence in question causes a victim to part with property that has more
than negligible value. This is the case here, as Idya caused Norizah and ITIS
to part with the significant sums of $1,800 and $10,509 respectively. The
cases cited in _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ (LexisNexis,
3rd Ed, 2013) (“ _Sentencing Practice_ ”) indicate that custodial sentences
have been imposed where the s 417 offence in question was committed for
financial gain. For example, in _Willie Tay v PP_ (unreported), the offender
cheated two victims of $9,000 and $15,000 each by deceiving them into
believing that new cars would be purchased for them. No restitution was made.
He was sentenced to four months’ and eight months’ imprisonment on two charges
under s 417, with both terms to run consecutively. In _Low Sze Sze v PP_
(unreported), the offender deceived a victim into accepting as repayment for a
loan forged cheques for $1,300 and $1,100. She was sentenced to six months’
imprisonment on one charge under s 417. In _Chew Im v PP_ (unreported), the
offender cheated property agents of $19,000 in total by offering to give them
the exclusive right to sell a house on condition that they extended loans to
her. Full restitution was made. She was charged under s 417 for two of the
instances of cheating relating to sums of $5,000 and $3,000 and was sentenced
to eight months’ imprisonment on each charge, with both terms to run
concurrently. These cases indicate that custodial sentences for terms of
between four and eight months’ imprisonment have been imposed for cheating
offences that resulted in losses of between $1,000 and $15,000.

48 As observed in _Sentencing Practice_ , there are numerous factors that must
be taken into account in every case. The primary yardstick will often be the
value of the property involved. However, where the offence entails the misuse
of a financial instrument or facility which threatens the conduct of
legitimate commerce, the need for general deterrence is likely to take centre
stage: see _Public Prosecutor v Fernando Payagala Waduge Malitha Kumar_ [2007]
2 SLR(R) 334 (“ _Fernando Payagala_ ”) at [88] in relation to the misuse of
credit cards. Other factors such as the number and vulnerability of victims
and the level of premeditation and deception involved will also feature to
varying degrees in different cases: see _Sentencing Practice_ at p 834 to 838.

49 It was also argued on Idya’s behalf that the District Judge erred in
failing to appreciate that the two cases she relied upon were distinguishable:
_Public Prosecutor v Jai Shanker s/o Muniandi_ [2006] SGDC 43 (“ _Jai Shanker_
”) and _Public Prosecutor v Vimlesh Kumar Lakhi Khemani_ [2006] SGDC 278 (“
_Vimlesh Kumar_ ”). _Jai Shanker_ concerned an offender who had conspired with
an accomplice to cheat a bank of $13,230 by taking out a loan that he had no
intention of repaying. The offender was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment.
It was argued that the offender in _Jai Shanker_ was more culpable as he had
cheated a financial institution, and it is well established that that is an
aggravating factor: _Fernando Payagala_ at [88]. However, in my judgment, it
would be unduly technical and mechanistic to conclude that _Jai Shanker_ has
no relevance just because Idya was not cheating a bank. Idya’s perpetration of
the second cheating offence involved the use of a dud cheque. In my judgment,
more important than the question of whether the victim was a financial
institution, was the fact, as was observed by the District Judge, that this
entailed the use of a financial instrument and so had the potential to
“[undermine] the confidence in the use of cheques and the financial system”
(at [14]). If cheques become a common vehicle for cheating, no one would be
willing to provide goods or services on faith of a cheque. Immediate payment
would always be demanded, and a facility vital to commerce will be undermined.
There is thus a legitimate interest in deterring such offences.

50 _Vimlesh Kumar_ involved an offender who on three separate occasions
deceived the staff of duty free shops at Changi Airport to sell him duty free
liquor on the basis that he would be departing Singapore. He was sentenced to
2 months’ imprisonment for each offence, with two of the sentences to run
consecutively. Although it was contended that the offender in _Vimlesh Kumar_
was more culpable as he had committed the same crime thrice, I find this
argument unconvincing. Idya herself committed two cheating offences, the
second while already under investigation for the first. Further, the offender
in _Vimlesh Kumar_ did not cause loss to any person, his prospect for gain
being limited to the amount of tax he was hoping to avoid. As I have already
noted above, Idya did cause financial loss by her offences.

51 Moreover, Idya displayed considerable audacity and disregard for the law in
committing the second cheating offence even after Norizah had made a police
report and investigations had commenced. In my view, in relation to the second
cheating offence, the use of a dud cheque, the careful planning that preceded
the actual commission of the offence and the fact that this was a second
instance of cheating and one that was committed at a time when Idya knew she
was under investigation for the first cheating offence are all aggravating
factors that negate the mitigating value of Idya’s having made restitution. On
balance, in my judgment, the sentence imposed by the District Judge for the
second cheating offence is not manifestly excessive.

52 However, in relation to the first cheating offence, having regard to the
fact that the offence did not involve the use of cheques or financial
instruments and that it was Idya’s first offence and there was full
restitution, the imposed sentence of 2 months’ imprisonment was manifestly
excessive. In my judgment, a sentence of 1 month’s imprisonment would be
appropriate. I accordingly dismiss the appeal as far as the sentence for the
second cheating offence is concerned and allow the appeal as far as the
sentence for the first cheating offence is concerned.

Conclusion

53 Idya’s appeal against the sentence imposed for the false statement offences
is allowed, and each sentence is reduced to 1½ months’ imprisonment. The
sentence imposed by the District Judge for the second cheating offence is
upheld. The sentence imposed by the District Judge for the first cheating
offence is allowed and that is reduced to 1 month’s imprisonment.

54 Since Idya has been convicted and sentenced to imprisonment for more than
two distinct offences, s 307 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev
Ed) requires that at least two of the sentences be ordered to run
consecutively. The false statement offences were part of the same transaction
and the sentences imposed in respect of these offences should therefore be
concurrent rather than consecutive: _Maideen Pillai v Public Prosecutor_
[1995] 3 SLR(R) 706 at [8]. In contrast, both cheating offences are wholly
separate and consecutive sentences are _prima facie_ appropriate: _Public
Prosecutor v Hirris anak Martin and another_ [2010] 2 SLR 976 at [18].
However, in my judgment, the totality principle militates against imposing
three consecutive sentences in the present case. In the premises, I uphold the
District Judge’s decision to order that the sentence for the first false
statement offence and the second cheating offence run consecutively and a
cumulative sentence of 4½ months’ imprisonment is therefore imposed.

55 Zunaidi’s appeal against the sentence imposed for his false statement
offence is also allowed, and his sentence is reduced to 3 weeks’ imprisonment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

