Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Alterm Consortech Pte Ltd _v_ Public Prosecutor and other appeals  
[2013] SGHC 189

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeals No 194, 195 and 196 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 September 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Vignesh Vaerhn and Eunice Lim Ming Hui (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the appellants; Tan Bar Tien (B T Tan & Company) for the respondents  
Parties| :|  Alterm Consortech Pte Ltd — Public Prosecutor  
  
27 September 2013| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The three appellants were charged with offences under s 136(3)(a), s
136(2)(b) and s 136(3A) of the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”). Alterm Consortech Pte Ltd (“the first appellant”) is a company carrying
on the business of pest control generally and in particular, the control of
termites. Chew Choon Ling Michael (“the second appellant”) was the managing
director of the first appellant. He died before the appeal could be heard but
I granted leave for the personal representative of his estate to continue the
appeal in his name. Teng Siew Chin (“the third appellant”) was an employee of
the first appellant. The three charges were brought by way of private
summonses of the complainant Cheng Wai Meng (“CWM”) who was the managing
director of a rival termite control company called Termi-mesh Singapore Pte
Ltd (“TSPL”).

2 The first appellant was convicted of five charges and fined a total of
$32,000. The second appellant was also convicted of five charges and fined a
total of $21,000. The third appellant was convicted of two charges and fined a
total of $8,000. The schedule of charges and convictions are set out in pages
401 to 404 of the Record of Proceedings Volume 1.

3 The subject matter of the copyright infringement was “the Termi-mesh
specification and markings on construction drawings for the proposed
installation of the Termi-mesh Barrier System”. The system was a physical
barrier created by TSPL to prevent termites from passing through. The
complainant claimed that he was the creator of the above described copyright
protected specifications and drawings. The court below found that the
complainant came to know of the alleged breaches sometime in 2006 when he
compared a drawing admitted as “P7” with the specifications of TSPL, admitted
as “P4”. The complainant testified that specifications provided by him to an
architect company called DP Architects were later found in the first
appellant’s possession. The complainant also claimed that TSPL’s markings were
found on the drawings given by the first appellant to a contractor known as
Kajima. He claimed that there were substantial similarities between the first
appellant’s drawings and the construction drawings submitted by TSPL for a
project known as “The St Regis Project”. It appears that TSPL, who submitted
their specification and construction drawings to the main contractor and
architect, was not eventually appointed to provide the anti-termite barrier
system. That job was given to the first appellant.

4 The appellants’ defences were, first, that there was no basis for TSPL to
claim copyright in the specifications and drawings. In particular, the
drawings were mere tracings by TSPL of the original drawings given to TSPL by
the main contractor. Secondly, the appellants did not know that TSPL were the
owners of the copyright. Thirdly, they claim that their specifications were
not distributed to the recipients as alleged by the complainant.

5 Mr Vignesh Vaerhn, counsel for the three appellants, based his appeal on the
same defences that the appellants relied on at trial. Mr Vaerhn in his oral
and written submissions, however, raised some distinguishing matters that were
not, in counsel’s views, submitted to or considered by the court below.
Counsel submitted that the appellants obtained what was alleged to be the
copyright protected documents of TSPL from the architects, namely, DP
Architects and RSP Architects. They could naturally and rightly assume that
the architects had the copyright, not TSPL. Further, in respect of the drawing
admitted as P14(6), the Takenaka Corporation, who gave the alleged infringing
documents to the appellants, wanted the appellants to follow the
specifications there as specified by the architect, and it did so without
telling the appellants that the copyright in the specifications belonged to
someone else and in particular, to TSPL.

6 Counsel also submitted that at the time of the offences in respect of the
first and third amended charges, “none of the specifications that the
appellants were ever in possession” of bore the names of TSPL or the
complainant. There was no indication that copyright in them was being asserted
by anyone at the time. More crucially, the specifications were fundamentally
different. TSPL uses a ‘stainless steel mesh’ whereas the first appellant’s
specifications related to a ‘marine grade aluminium Series 5005 anti-termite
barrier system’. The evidence of the prosecution was based mainly on the oral
assertions of the complainant that were not supported by the documentary
evidence.

7 There were two types of documents involved in the 12 charges against the
appellants. They were the specifications (referred to above at [6]) and the
drawings claimed to be the original works of the complainant, but the
documents specific to each of the charges were not set out in the charges or
in any annexure to the charges. In this regard, the charges were defective
because important particulars of the charges were missing. The specifications
that were alleged to be the subject of infringement must be set out in the
charge and correspond to the evidence at trial. In this instance, the problem
was not that the defence did not know what specifications and drawings were
referred to, but, in one set of charges, the specification admitted as P4 was
admitted to prove the two offences that were meant to have been committed in
2003 but P4 itself was a 2004 document. That being the case, what was the
article that the appellants infringed in 2003? At the very least, in spite of
Mr Tan’s contention for the prosecution that P4 originated earlier (the
evidence does not show that), the benefit of doubt should be given to the
appellants.

8 In respect of the charges that relate to the drawings, examining the three
drawings tendered in evidence, it was obvious that they were construction
plans that were drawn up by the architects whose name appeared on the
drawings. The name of Kajima was also imprinted to show that that might be a
copy in Kajima’s possession. Nothing on the drawings indicated that the
appellants who had been given the drawings by Kajima knew that the drawings
were subject to copyright protection of the complainant or TSPL. Furthermore,
the complaint of infringement, from the evidence, was that the appellants had
traced over the border that the complainant or TSPL had drawn over the
architect’s original copy. The complainant claimed that his and TSPL’s tracing
of the border amounted to an artistic work that merited protection. The fact
here was that the appellants had merely traced over the tracing of an unknown
copier. To regard that as an infringement of an artistic work would not be
right. The first appellant was doing exactly what the complainant and TSPL
themselves were doing. The learned judge below was right in law in saying that
drawings can have artistic value and that there was no need to mark © on a
document to lay claim to copyright protection. However, it appears that she
was swayed by the prosecuting counsel into accepting that a commercial value
of the drawings is equivalent to artistic value that attracts copyright
protection. However, counsel for the prosecution did not appreciate that a
document with commercial value is not the same as a document with artistic
value in the copyright sense. It is a fundamental principle of copyright law
that no claim for copyright may be made in respect of ideas and information.
All that the said specifications (P4) and the drawings amounted to were mere
information at best. Perusing the record, I agree with Mr Vaerhn that the
distribution of the first appellant’s specifications to the alleged recipients
was not adequately proved and the benefit of doubt may be given to the
appellants on this issue although for the reasons above, distribution would
not have been relevant if the documents of the complainant and TPSL were not
infringed.

9 There is also another ground so far as the third appellant is concerned. She
was merely an employee who happened to be in the office of the first appellant
when the complainant raided it and seized the documents used to found the
charges. There was no evidence that she was either a principal or an agent to
the alleged offences. There was no evidence as to how she had abetted the
offences. The documents in question were not proved to be in her personal
possession. On that ground alone the convictions against her ought to be set
aside.

10 I agree with Mr Vaerhn that there was no evidence sufficient to show any
act of connivance. The mere fact that the second appellant was a director was
not enough. A company might have several directors, and none of them would be
guilty under a charge of connivance unless the connivance is proved.

11 For the reasons above, the charges against all three appellants were flawed
and the convictions cannot stand. The appeals must be allowed and the
convictions hereby dismissed. The fines are to be refunded.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Sep 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

