Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Quek Tiong Kheng and another _v_ Chang Choong Khoon Mark and others  
[2013] SGHC 36

Case Number| :| District Court Appeal No 12 of 2012 (Summons No 5961 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 February 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  First appellant in-person; Andrew Tan (Andrew Tan Tiong
Gee & Co) for the second respondent.  
Parties| :|  Quek Tiong Kheng and another — Chang Choong Khoon Mark and others  
  
14 February 2013|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant in this summons before me was the first plaintiff in the
action in DC Suit No 1017 of 2009. His wife Lim Soon Boey was the second
plaintiff. He is a 60-year old retiree and his wife is a music teacher. They
have three children aged 11, 13 and 15 years old respectively. In November
2006 the plaintiffs invested a total of US$45,000 in some dubiously described
investments units in alleged property interests in Weesatche, Goliad County,
Texas (“WSG”) and Brookshire Salt Dome County, Texas (“BSW”) respectively. It
transpired that these were very poor investments, if indeed they could be true
investments. The plaintiffs have since described the nature of these interests
as “junk bonds” and a “Ponzi scheme”. They soon realised the folly of their
investment and sued one Mark Chang (“Mark”) and Oilpods Singapore Pte Ltd
(“Oilpods”). The former was a director of the latter. The plaintiffs also sued
one Karin Yan (“Karin”), who was the second defendant at trial and the second
respondent in DCA 12 of 2012. Karin was a salesperson employed by Oilpods. The
claims were filed on 27 February 2009.

2 The action was tried in the District Court, and after two weeks’ trial, the
first plaintiff’s claim against Mark and Oilpods was allowed on 27 March 2012.
The District Judge (“DJ”) dismissed his claim against Karin. The second
plaintiff’s claims against all three defendants were dismissed. The
plaintiffs’ claims were based mainly on fraud and misrepresentation. The
second plaintiff was of the view that the DJ was wrong to dismiss her claims
on the basis that she had suffered no damage.

3 The plaintiffs appealed to the High Court in DCA 12 of 2012. Consequently,
an application was made to the High Court for leave to adduce further evidence
for the purpose of DCA 12 of 2012. The application was allowed by Lai J on 7
August 2012. The further evidence concerned mainly banking transactions which
the second plaintiff claimed showed that the money invested came from her
earnings as a music teacher. The appeals by the plaintiffs against the DJ’s
judgment were eventually heard by Coomaraswamy JC on 9 October 2012. The
appeals were dismissed.

4 The plaintiffs were represented by Winston Quek at trial, and a Wendy Low
(from a different law firm) on appeal. Although the plaintiffs seemed to be
advised by yet another solicitor, no counsel appeared on their behalf in this
summons. The second plaintiff did not appear and the first plaintiff appeared
in person. The summons itself was a prolix document that in the main was an
appeal against the District Court’s decision. It also prayed the admission of
various documents which Mr Andrew Tan (“Mr Tan”), counsel for Karin, said were
the subject of Lai J’s orders.

5 This present summons was fixed for hearing before Coomaraswamy JC but the
first plaintiff objected to Coomaraswamy JC hearing this application. In the
meantime, the solicitors for Karin had taken out garnishee proceedings against
the plaintiffs but the garnishee proceedings were stood down pending the
outcome of the summons before me.

6 It was clear that there was no further appeal to the High Court against the
decision of Coomaraswamy JC on the District Court’s judgment. In the premises,
this summons failed and was dismissed. However, I made no order as to costs
for what I considered to be very unusual circumstances. It seemed clear that
the plaintiffs had lost US$45,000 in a dubious product sold by Mark and
Oilpods. Though the first plaintiff won his case against them, his case
against Karin was dismissed with costs which, according to Mr Tan, were
awarded at $116,206 plus $6,995 court fees on taxation. The plaintiffs’
appeals were dismissed with costs taxed at $57,759.20 plus court fees of
$3,518. I did not have the full facts before me although it seemed that the
taxed costs of the trial and the appeal seemed high in the circumstances. The
trial judge did not make a _Sanderson_ order on costs at trial as he thought
that it was inappropriate. Had the order been made, the costs that the
plaintiffs had to pay to Karin would have to be paid by the other two
defendants to Karin directly. The trial judge declined to make the order on
grounds stated in paragraphs 82 and 83 of his grounds of judgment as follows:

82 The special reasons raised by 1P and 2P’s counsel were (a) the claim
against 1D and 3D was inextricably linked to 2D; (b) if she was not made a
party, P would not be able to sue or prove their case against 1D and 3D; and
(c) 1D and [sic] shifted blame on 2D in paragraph 6 of the 1D and 3D’s Defence
(Amendment No 1) (PSP Tab C pg. 2). After careful consideration, I declined
the Plaintiffs’ request as I did not see sufficient grounds not to apply the
usual costs order. In determining whether to grant a _Bullock_ or _Sanderson_
order, the court looks at these factors: _Denis Mathew Harte v 1. Dr Tan Hun
Hoe 2. Gleneagles Hospital Ltd (Suit No 1691 of 1999)_ , Chan Seng Onn JC (as
he then was) stated at [11]:

“(a) What facts are reasonably ascertainable by the plaintiff before the
decision is made to join the successful defendant (‘D1’);

(b) Whether the facts themselves are unclear to such an extent that it is
necessary to safeguard the plaintiff’s position by bringing in D1. Where it is
reasonable for the plaintiff to adopt the position that either one or the
other or both defendants may be liable and hence prudence dictates that both
should be joined, then a _Bullock_ or _Sanderson_ order may be appropriate;

(c) Of considerable importance is whether the unsuccessful defendant (‘D2’)
has tried to shift all or some of his liability to D1 or has characterised the
facts such that D1 is more blameworthy and should bear a greater proportion of
the damages, in which case it may be appropriate to make D2 (and not the
plaintiff) shoulder D1’s costs because D2 has put the plaintiff in a difficult
position, thereby forcing him to join D1.

(d) Whether the plaintiff’s claim against D1 and D2 is in reality separate and
distinct, in which case it will be inappropriate for D2 to pay D1’s costs (see
_Donovan v Walters_ (1926) 135 L.T. 12). Being independent claims, it is
unlikely for D1 to have influenced the joinder of D2. Hence, the plaintiff
must answer for the costs of D1 himself.

(e) The likelihood of the plaintiff or D2 becoming insolvent may dictate
whether a _Bullock_ or _Sanderson_ order should be made. The court has to
determine whether it is more equitable to put the risk of non-recovery of D1’s
costs from D2 on the shoulders of the plaintiff or on D1 himself. Thus the
conduct of the plaintiff _vis-à-vis_ the successful defendant has to be
considered.

83 On the outset, the Plaintiffs never claimed against the Defendants on an
‘either-or’ basis i.e. that either 2D or in the alternative, 1D and 3D are
liable. Instead, they pushed for each of them to be independently liable for
fraud, negligence and conspiracy. They could have proceeded (and succeeded)
against 1D and 3D without bringing in 2D as a party. After all, they knew she
was merely a sales consultant employed by the 3D to sell investment units. If
they needed her participation to prove their case, they could have easily
summoned her as a witness. In fact, 2D counsel mentioned that his client
repeatedly offered herself as the Plaintiffs’ witness if they discontinued
their action against her. As for paragraph 6 of the Defence (Amendment No. 1),
I think it would be harsh to treat it as a shifting of blame by 1D and 2D. One
could equally construe it as a standard blanket denial for such claims. I also
noted that 1D and 3D consistently refrained from foisting liability onto 2D.
There was no accusation against 2D in their affidavits, opening statement,
written submissions or even when 1D took the stand as a witness. Finally, it
would also be inequitable to 2D if I were to make a _Sanderson_ order. It
emerged at trial that 1D is now an Australian PR in Perth, Western Australia.
He has little or no assets within jurisdiction. His residential address in
Singapore belongs to a property owned by his mother-in-law. The 3D company is
also dormant.

7 I asked if the plaintiffs had applied for a review of the taxation of costs.
Mr Tan informed me that there was no application to review either set of costs
and, further, that the time for review had expired. In the meantime, Karin’s
application to garnish the plaintiffs’ bank accounts was pending. I was thus
of the view that no further order as to costs should be made against the
plaintiffs because the amount that I would otherwise have awarded would not
have added significantly to the costs recoverable by the second respondent but
would have been more severely felt by the appellants and would be unjust given
the circumstances.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Feb 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

