Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd _v_ Chief Assessor  
[2013] SGCA 4

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 80 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 January 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Kay Kheng, Tan Shao Tong and Novella Chan
(WongPartnership LLP) for the appellant; Foo Hui Min, Joanna Yap and Alvin
Chia (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd — Chief
Assessor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2012] 3 SLR 933.]

17 January 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of a High Court judge (“the Judge”)
who held that a portion of the rent of a unit within a shopping centre
representing the depreciation of certain asset items in the common area of the
shopping centre (“the Asset Items”) should be included in the gross rent for
the purposes of computing the “annual value” of the unit in assessing property
tax. The decision of the Judge was reported in _Chief Assessor v HSBC
Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd_ [2012] 3 SLR 933 (“the
Judgment”). The sole issue to be determined in the present appeal is whether
the Judge was correct to have refused to exclude the depreciation component in
the rent paid by a tenant in determining the “annual value” for the purposes
of property tax assessment. The answer is, in turn, dependent upon the proper
construction of the expression “annual value” as defined in s 2(1) of the
Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the PTA”).

Facts

2 The facts are straightforward and undisputed. The appellant, HSBC
Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited (“the Appellant”), is the
trustee of CapitaMall Trust which owns, _inter alia_ , a property known as
Bugis Junction (“the Property”). The respondent is the Chief Assessor (“the
Respondent”).

3 The Property is a shopping centre comprising 180 units which are normally
leased to tenants carrying on various types of businesses. The Asset Items
consist of escalators, lifts, air-conditioning and fire safety systems
installed within the Property. It is common ground that the Asset Items are
fixtures.[note: 1]

4 The Appellant’s evidence is that a sum calculated at the rate of $0.20 per
square foot per month (“the $0.20 psf”) was included in each tenant’s monthly
gross rent. This sum was to represent the annual depreciation of the plant and
machinery of the Property including, _inter alia_ , the Asset Items
(“depreciation component”), although the $0.20 psf was not separately itemised
in each tenancy agreement. This evidence adduced by the Appellant was not
challenged by the Respondent (see the Judgment at [19]). The expression “gross
rent” refers to the actual sum paid by each tenant, which may include
components which are not “rent” _per se_ (see below at [15]).

5 The Appellant had sought to exclude the depreciation component in the
computation of the annual value of the units in the Property for the purposes
of assessment of property tax. However, the Respondent ruled that the
depreciation component should not be excluded in the computation of the annual
value of the units in the Property for the valuation years of 2004 and 2005
(see the Judgment at [4]). This dispute thus gave rise to the present
proceedings.

The proceedings below

6 The Appellant appealed to the Valuation Review Board (“the Board”) against
this ruling of the Respondent. On 24 May 2011, the Board found for the
Appellant and held that the depreciation component of the rent should be
regarded as part of the total cost of services. As the depreciation component
pertained to services rather than rent, the Board considered it irrelevant
that the Asset Items (to which the depreciation component related) were
permanent features and an integral part of the Property. The Board thus held
that the depreciation component ought to be excluded from the gross rent in
the computation of the annual value of each unit of the Property.

7 The Respondent then appealed to the High Court. The Judge reversed the
decision of the Board and held that the depreciation component in the gross
rent paid by the tenant of each unit had to be included in the computation of
annual value (see the Judgment at [43]). She reasoned as follows:

(a) In assessing annual value, the touchstone was whether each component in
the gross rent was related to rent or letting (“the touchstone question”) (see
the Judgment at [20]).

(b) The Board, in focusing on whether the depreciation component was part of
the total cost of services, was asking the wrong question. Rather, it should
have asked the touchstone question (see the Judgment at [22]).

(c) The touchstone question was in turn determined by whether the machinery or
equipment to which the depreciation component in the gross rent related was a
part of the property that was assessable to tax (“the threshold question”)
(see the Judgment at [20]).

(d) Given that property tax was a tax on immovable property, to determine the
threshold question, the court would examine if the plant or machinery was so
affixed as to become part of the immovable property such that it was
assessable to tax under s 6(1) of the PTA (see the Judgment at [30]).

(e) Whether a chattel was so annexed as to become a fixture assessable to tax
was governed by either the fixture test or the enhancement test. In the
instant case, the application of either test would lead to the same conclusion
that the Asset Items were affixed to land so as to become part of the land
(see the Judgment at [41]–[42]).

(f) As fixtures, the Asset Items enhanced the value of the building and should
be included in the assessment of the annual value. It thus followed that the
depreciation component of the gross rent had to do with the letting of the
Property, which, in turn, meant that the depreciation component was related to
the rent or letting of each unit in the Property (see the Judgment at [43]).

Issues before this Court

8 The following are the issues before this Court:

(a) what is the proper test for excluding an expense amount which has been
included in the gross rent when determining the annual value of a property,
and in particular the relevance of the fixture test and/or the enhancement
test in that regard (“Issue 1”); and

(b) on the application of the test for exclusion elucidated in Issue 1,
whether the depreciation component should be excluded from the annual value of
each unit in the Property (“Issue 2”).

9 These issues will be considered _seriatim_.

The relevant principles

10 As previously stated by this Court in _BCH Retail Investment Pte Ltd v
Chief Assessor_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 580 (“ _BCH No 2_ ”) (at [18]), “any
meaningful analysis of the factual matrix in the present proceedings must
commence with conceptual and definitional clarity”. We thus begin our
discussion with a consideration of the statutory framework for the assessment
of property tax and how it has been interpreted in the cases.

11 The charging provision is found in s 6(1) of the PTA, which provides as
follows:

**6.** —(1) As from 1st January 1961, a property tax shall, subject to the
provisions of this Act, be payable at the rate or rates specified in this Act
for each year upon the annual value of all houses, buildings, lands and
tenements whatsoever included in the Valuation List and amended from time to
time in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

12 Pursuant to s 6(1) of the PTA, property tax is payable upon the “annual
value” as defined in s 2(1) of the PTA, the material part of which reads as
follows:

“annual value” —

(_a_) in relation to a house or building or land or tenement, not being a
wharf, pier, jetty or landing-stage, means the gross amount at which the same
can reasonably be expected to be **_let_** from year to year, _the landlord
paying the expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep and all taxes
(other than goods and services tax)_ ; ...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Related to rent or letting

13 Two phrases in s 2(1) of the PTA in particular require further analysis
here. The first is the phrase “reasonably be expected to be let from year to
year”, _ie_ , the rent that a hypothetical tenant can reasonably be expected
to pay. In _BCH No 2_ (at [19]), this Court analysed s 2(1) of the PTA and
found that the key focus of “annual value” was on _rent_ or _letting_ :

19 It will be immediately seen that the definition of “annual value” focuses
on the element of rent or letting. Indeed, it is undisputed by either party
that the annual value of any given property must include  _only_ elements of
rent or letting. To this end, any expenses that are not related to elements of
rent or letting ought  _not_ to be taken into account in the computation of
annual value. This is not only logical and fair; it is also an elementary,
albeit fundamental, starting-point. Indeed, in our view, this concept is so
vital that it constitutes the main compass guiding all our subsequent legal
navigation. [emphasis in original]

14 Pursuant to _BCH No 2_ , if the expense in the present case (_ie_ , the
depreciation component of the Asset Items) is not related to rent or letting,
it will not be taken into account in the computation of annual value. On the
other hand, if the depreciation component could be regarded as relating to
rent or letting, it will be included in the computation of annual value. This
principle was affirmed in _Tan Hee Liang v Chief Assessor and another_ [2009]
1 SLR(R) 335 (“ _Tan Hee Liang_ ”) (at [40] and [64]). The question whether
the expense sought to be excluded related to rent or letting was correctly
identified as the touchstone question by the Judge (see the Judgment at [20]).

15 Although the gross rent of a property gives some indication of annual
value, and is often “an important factor and/or starting-point” in the
assessment of annual value, it is by no means conclusive as the gross rent
might contain elements which have nothing to do with rent or letting (see _BCH
No 2_ at [24]). In fact, the argument for exclusion only arises if an item,
extraneous to rent or letting, has been included in the gross rent, for it
would be illogical and unprincipled to argue for the exclusion of something
from the gross rent which was never included in the gross rent in the first
place (see _BCH No 2_ at [28]). Where an expense is excludable, however, it
can only be excluded if it has been found to be a genuine component of the
gross rent, _ie_ , when its inclusion in the gross rent is not a sham for the
purposes of evading tax liability. Given the fact-sensitive nature of the
inquiry, we do not propose to give a definition on what constitutes a sham in
this context. There was no issue of a sham transaction in the present appeal
as the Respondent accepted that the $0.20 psf representing the depreciation
component of the Asset Items had been included in the gross rent which the
tenant of each unit of the Property had paid.

16 In cases such as the present where the gross rent levied on the tenant of
each unit is a comprehensive sum, _ie_ , not itemised into rent proper and
other expenses, the problem is compounded. However, this is not fatal to a
claim for an expense to be excluded from the gross rent. In _Bell Property
Trust Limited v Assessment Committee for the Borough of Hampstead_[1940] 2 KB
543 (“ _Bell Property_ ”), where the court was faced with a gross rent that
was expressed as a comprehensive sum, the exclusion of some items of
expenditure were allowed. In _BCH No 2_ , it was noted (at [37]) that where
the components of gross rent have not been specified, the courts have
nevertheless been willing to exclude items of expenditure where it is proved
that these items are unrelated to rent or letting.

17 The class of what is “not rent or letting” is a potentially open one, given
that a negative definition often gives rise to no fixed class. As noted in
_Bell Property_ (at 552) and _BCH Retail Investment Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor_
[2002] 2 SLR(R) 973 (“ _BCH No 1_ ”) (at [17]), modern developments could add
to the class of “not rent or letting” and the courts should be alive to these
developments.

18 Having said this, the notion of depreciation is not a modern development.
It has all to do with business and accounting. In order to more accurately
reflect the profitability of a business, allowance must be provided for
depreciation in respect of things or equipment which have a limited useful
life span. In fact, there have been cases excluding depreciation from the
computation of annual value (see, _eg_ , _Bell Property_ and _Chartered Bank v
The City Council of Singapore_ [1959–1986] SPTC 1 (“ _Chartered Bank_ ”)).
However, with respect, the decisions in _Bell Property_ and _Chartered Bank_
do not analyse how depreciation was or was not related to rent or letting,
possibly because the parties in those cases agreed that depreciation could be
excluded. There was thus no need for the courts in those cases to elaborate on
a conceptual basis for the exclusion. We will in a moment consider the body of
case law dealing with the question of exclusion of certain expenses, in order
to see if it is possible to come up with a workable test to determine whether
an expense, or a sum included in the rent paid by a tenant, is or is not
related to rent or letting.

The qualifying words

19 The second phrase in the definition of the expression “annual value” which
we wish to examine is “the landlord paying the expenses of repair, insurance,
maintenance or upkeep and all taxes (other than goods and services tax)” (“the
qualifying words”).

20 As explained in _Tan Hee Liang_ (at [44]), the function of the qualifying
words is to affix on the landlord the responsibility of paying the expenses of
property tax, repair, maintenance and insurance. The qualifying words also
make it clear that if any component of the rent is specifically intended to
cover the landlord’s expenses for repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep and
all taxes (other than goods and services tax), these are to be included when
determining the annual value of a property.

The case law

21 We will now turn to consider the following pertinent cases: _Pullen v St
Saviour’s Union_ [1900] 1 QB 138 (“ _Pullen_ ”), _Bell Property_ , _Chartered
Bank_ , _BCH No 1_ , _BCH No 2_ and _Tan Hee Liang_.

22 We first present a brief overview of how the cases interact with each
other. _Pullen_ held that a sum for maintaining a common staircase, expressed
as the cost of services, should be included in the gross value of the
tenements. _Pullen_ was then overruled by _Bell Property_ , which held that
the cost of services could, along with other expenses such as depreciation, be
deducted from the gross rent for the purposes of calculating the gross value.
_Bell Property_ was legislatively overruled following the enactment of the
Rating and Valuation Act 1961 (c 45) (UK). The Singapore High Court in _BCH No
1_ relied on _Bell Property_ and _Chartered Bank_ for the proposition that the
cost of services are deductible from the gross rent when computing the annual
value under the PTA. In _BCH No 2_ , this Court noted that the earlier cases
of _Bell Property_ , _Chartered Bank_ and _BCH No 1_ had used the term
“deduction” rather than “exclusion” in working out the correct annual value of
the property, although the latter expression, in its view, was the more
appropriate terminology. This Court found that in spite of the difference in
language, the earlier cases demonstrated a “complete conceptual symmetry with
the principle of _exclusion_ ” (emphasis in original) (see _BCH No 2_ at
[31]).

23 We will now analyse the cases in chronological order to see what tests were
utilised for determining whether an item was “related to rent or letting”.

24 In _Pullen_ , apart from the payment of rent the tenants paid a further sum
each week in respect of the cleaning, lighting and watching of the common
staircase, and for removing dust (“the further sum”). The issue before the
court was whether the further sum should be included in the gross value of the
tenements under s 4 of the Valuation (Metropolis) Act 1869 (c 67) (UK) (“the
1869 UK Act”). Section 4 of the 1869 UK Act provided as follows:

The term “gross value” means the annual rent which a tenant might reasonably
be expected, taking one year with another, to pay for an hereditament, if the
tenant undertook to pay all usual tenant’s rates and taxes, and tithe
commutation rentcharge, if any, and if the landlord undertook to bear the cost
of the repairs and insurance, and the other expenses, if any, necessary to
maintain the hereditament in a state to command that rent.

It can be seen that s 4 of the 1869 UK Act bears some similarity to the
definition of “annual value” in s 2(1) of the PTA.

25 The court focused on certain qualifying words in that provision. For ease
of reference, the following table shows a comparison of s 4 of the 1869 UK Act
and s 2(1) of the PTA, with the respective qualifying words in each provision
italicised:

Section 4 of the 1869 UK Act |  Section 2(1) of the PTA  
---|---  
The term “gross value” means the annual rent which a tenant might reasonably be expected, taking one year with another, to pay for an hereditament, if the tenant undertook to pay all usual tenant’s rates and taxes, and tithe commutation rentcharge, if any, and if _the landlord undertook to bear the cost of the repairs and insurance, and the other expenses, if any, necessary to maintain the hereditament in a state to command that rent_. [emphasis added] |  “annual value” — (_a_) in relation to a house or building or land or tenement, not being a wharf, pier, jetty or landing-stage, means the gross amount at which the same can reasonably be expected to be let from year to year, _the landlord paying the expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep and all taxes (other than goods and services tax)_ ; ... [emphasis added]  
  
  

26 The qualifying words in s 4 of the 1869 UK Act which were operative in
_Pullen_ were “necessary to maintain the hereditament in a state to command
that rent” (words which are not found in s 2(1) of the PTA). Darling J
reasoned that no tenant would take a tenement in a building of the same
character as the property in question, or at least would not have paid the
same amount of rent for it, unless the staircase by which he was to reach the
tenement was kept reasonably clean and lighted (see _Pullen_ at 142). In other
words, the maintenance and service of the common staircase was necessary to
enable the landlord to command that rent. By operation of the qualifying words
in s 4 of the 1869 UK Act, the further sum was included in the calculation of
gross value.

27 In _Bell Property_ , one argument raised by the appellant was that _Pullen_
was incorrectly decided because the qualifying words were not triggered.
Counsel urged the court to consider that the common staircase was not part of
the hereditament (see _Bell Property_ at 642). If this was so, the maintenance
of the common staircase would fall outside the ambit of the qualifying words
“necessary to maintain the hereditament in a state to command that rent”, and
the statutory impetus to include that expense in the gross value would be
removed. The court agreed with the appellant that _Pullen_ had been wrongly
decided and allowed the deduction of the cost of repairs to the common parts,
implicitly adopting the distinction between the common property and the
hereditament (see _Bell Property_ at 648). We note that this position is
different from that taken by the courts in Singapore, which is that expenses
incurred for the repair and maintenance of the common property are to be
_included_ in annual value (see _Tan Hee Liang_ at [63]–[68]). We think that
this difference is due to the presence of the phrase “necessary to maintain
the hereditament in a state to command that rent” which is found in s 4 of the
1869 UK Act and which is not found in s 2 of PTA.

28 We note that _Pullen_ was the subject of much academic criticism for
wrongly deciding that the cost of providing services could not be deducted
from gross value (see, _eg_ , David Widdicombe _et al_ , _Ryde on Rating_
(Butterworth, 13th Ed, 1976) (“ _Ryde on Rating_ ”) at p 490). Following the
passage of the Rating and Valuation Act 1925 (c 90) (UK) (“the 1925 UK Act”),
a distinction was created between the position in London (governed by s 4 of
the 1869 UK Act as interpreted in _Pullen_) and the position outside London
(governed by s 68 of the 1925 UK Act). _Pullen_ was excluded from operation
outside London by a proviso unique to s 68 of the 1925 UK Act (not found in s
4 of the 1869 UK Act) which expressly stated that expenses attributable to
services provided by the landlord, other than repair and maintenance of the
hereditament, were not to be taken into account in determining gross value
(the proviso is found in the second paragraph of the quoted text):

“Gross value” means the rent at which a hereditament might reasonably be
expected to let from year to year if the tenant undertook to pay all usual
tenant’s rates and taxes, and tithe rentcharge, if any, and if the landlord
undertook to bear the cost of the repairs and insurance, and the other
expenses, if any, necessary to maintain the hereditament in a state to command
that rent:

Provided that, in estimating the annual rental value of a hereditament to a
tenant, _no account shall be taken of any services_ which the landlord
renders, or procures to be rendered to the tenant (either alone or in common
with other tenants of the landlord) _other than the provision of, or repairs
to, or maintenance of, the hereditament_ ...

[emphasis added]

29 As such, _Ryde on Rating_ (at p 491) noted that outside London there was no
doubt as to the propriety of excluding from the rent paid any part
attributable to services other than repairs and maintenance of the
hereditament. _Pullen_ was subsequently overruled in _Bell Property_ (see
_Bell Property_ at 646), achieving in London the result arrived at outside
London by the proviso to the definition of “gross value” in s 68 of the 1925
UK Act.

30 The court in _Bell Property_ therefore drew a bright-line distinction
between rent and services and held that the latter was to be excluded from
gross value. The reason for this distinction was that rent was charged for the
occupation of the heritable subject, while services were not a part of the
rateable premises (_Bell Property_ at 647). An analogy was drawn to the
letting of a furnished flat, where it was well-settled that in determining
gross value the cost of the furniture could be deducted from the gross rent.
After this was deducted from the gross rent, all that was left of the gross
sum was the rent of the house itself, which was rateable, and this was the
proper computation of the gross value. Although the court seemed content to
regard the furniture as not forming a part of the rateable premises, we note
that _Bell Property_ did not address the case where the articles and equipment
constituting fixtures could enhance the value of the immovable property.

31 Following the rent-services dichotomy, the court held that for the purposes
of computing the gross value of the property, the proper method was to
determine what portion of the gross rent was actually for rent and what
portion was for services, and to deduct the latter value from the gross rent,
leaving the balance to represent the true value of the flat (see _Bell
Property_ at 645). It then allowed deductions for the following sums:

(a) the cost of repairing and maintaining the passages, stairways, lifts,
staff-rooms and ornamental grounds;

(b) depreciation of plant, machinery, boilers, refrigerators, wirelesses and
of the portions of the building used to house such installations;

(c) the cost of managing and supervising the services provided;

(d) unproductive expenditure on services by reason of vacant flats; and

(e) the landlord’s profit on services calculated as 25% of the annual cost of
services.

32 The cases after _Bell Property_ have adopted the rent-services dichotomy
and built upon it to exclude further items which are analogous to services.
While the focus of _Bell Property_ was on whether expenses on services could
be excluded, we note that an exclusion was also allowed for the depreciation
of certain asset items (see item (b) in the preceding paragraph), a
determination which is germane to the present appeal.

33 In _Chartered Bank_ , the Singapore High Court, without reference to _Bell
Property_ , also arrived at the same conclusion that, _inter alia_ , the cost
of services and depreciation of equipment could be excluded from a computation
of annual value. The appellants there had contended for the following items of
expenditure to be deducted from the gross rent to arrive at the correct annual
value of the property:

(a) watchmen and cleaning;

(b) lifts;

(c) air conditioning;

(d) common parts;

(e) cost of supervision and services;

(f) the landlord’s profit on services at 25% of the total of (a)–(e);

(g) depreciation of equipment; and

(h) unproductive expenditure on services at 5% of the total of (a)–(g).

34 The court in _Chartered Bank_ allowed deductions for items (a)–(g), save
for item (f) where it found that the figure of 25% was excessive and a lower
figure of 15% was substituted. Item (h) was disallowed (meaning that seven
items were deducted, not eight as mistakenly stated in _BCH No 2_ at [37]). As
for item (g), the court agreed that a sum for depreciation should be deducted,
but took issue with the computation. It held that depreciation was to be
calculated by taking the actual cost of the item when it was installed and
dividing it by the number of years representing the estimated useful life of
the equipment (see _Chartered Bank_ at 4–5).

35 On the face of the judgment in _Chartered Bank_ , it appears that the
respondent had accepted that deductions could be made for equipment needed to
provide the services. The dispute centred instead on calculation, _viz_ , the
quantum which ought reasonably to be attributable to profit on services, and
the appellants’ asserted basis for calculating depreciation (see _Chartered
Bank_ at 4). Therefore, while the court allowed deductions for items (a)–(g),
it did not explain why, _in principle_ , these deductions should be allowed.
We would hasten to add that it appears that the court did not address this
issue because the parties seemed to be in agreement and the point was not
raised. In view of this, the Judge noted that there was “no trace of an
identifiable legal basis” upon which the depreciation component in the present
case was excluded from the gross rent in determining annual value (see the
Judgment at [48]). In _BCH No 1_ , despite the fact that there was no analysis
of _Chartered Bank_ as to the legal bases for excluding certain items of
expenditure for the purposes of determining annual value, the High Court
assumed that _Chartered Bank_ was an “authority for the proposition that the
costs of providing services ... [we]re deductible from the gross rent to
compute the annual value” (see _BCH No 1_ at [9]). It also noted that the
court in _Chartered Bank_ had allowed the deduction of amounts representing
depreciation of the lifts, air-conditioner and fire extinguishers (_ibid_).

36 In _BCH No 1_ , one element of the gross rent was the tenant’s
contributions towards the landlord’s advertising and promotion (“A&P”)
expenses. The issue was whether the A&P contributions should be included in
the annual value of the property. The court agreed with the analysis in _Bell
Property_ that rent concerned the “use or occupation of the heritable subject”
and that the cost of the provision of other services and amenities had nothing
to do with rent (_BCH No 1_ at [14]). Rent alone, and not the cost of
services, was to be included in the annual value of a property. As A&P
contributions were “no different from the provision of the other services” for
which deductions were permitted in _Chartered Bank_ and _Bell Property_ , the
court similarly held that the A&P contributions were not to be included in the
computation of the annual value (see _BCH No 1_ at [16]).

37 We would pause here to observe that, in our view, the deduction of the A&P
contributions was correct notwithstanding the recognition that the A&P
activities would raise the profitability of the shops and in turn enhance the
rent that the landlord would be able to charge on the renewal of the lease
(see _BCH No 1_ at [17]). This merely shows that the presence of a causal link
between a service provided and the rent levied does not _ipso facto_ suffice
to make the cost of that service related to rent or letting for inclusion in
the determination of annual value.

38 The court in _BCH No 2_ agreed with _BCH No 1_ that the focus of “annual
value” in s 2(1) of the PTA was on rent or letting. However, unlike the cases
which preceded it, _BCH No 2_ did not draw a bright-line distinction between
“rent” and “services”, but preferred to distinguish between rent or letting on
the one hand, and all other expenses which were not related to rent or letting
on the other (_BCH No 2_ at [19]). This shifted the focus away from the rent-
services dichotomy. While the court found (at [31]) that _Chartered Bank_ ,
_Bell Property_ and _BCH No 1_ were “archetypical examples” of the operation
of the principle of exclusion, it is unclear if this amounted to a concurrence
that the earlier cases were properly decided in principle, or whether it
simply meant that the earlier cases used the correct methodology of exclusion
even though they were couched in the language of deduction. The court
expressed its views about the earlier cases as follows:

(a) _Bell Property_ : taking the factual matrix in the round, it was clear
that the items that were deducted had “nothing to do with rent or letting” and
were correctly excluded from the gross rent (see _BCH No 2_ at [46]). This
appears to go beyond approval of merely the methodology.

(b) _Chartered Bank_ : a “reasonable reading” of the judgment is that the
items concerned were “held by the court there to be unrelated to rental or
letting” (see _BCH No 2_ at [39]). This statement seems rather circumspect. As
noted earlier (see above at [35]), there seems to have been no analysis in
_Chartered Bank_ as to whether the items related to rent or letting.

(c) _BCH No 1_ : A&P contributions had nothing to do with rental or letting
and the court in _BCH No 1_ was “entirely correct” in excluding the amount of
such contributions from the computation of annual value (see _BCH No 2_ at
[21] and [32]). This is more clearly an approval of the exclusion of the
specific item of A&P contributions.

39 The case of _Tan Hee Liang_ raised a question mark as to the soundness of
_Chartered Bank_ as authority for exclusions of the items in that case. In
_Tan Hee Liang_ (at [35]), it was put to counsel for the Chief Assessor that
some of the exclusions allowed in _Chartered Bank_ were hardly “services” but
resembled maintenance instead, with the corollary that they should have been
included in the computation of the annual value by operation of the qualifying
words in s 2(1) of the PTA. Following this, counsel for the Chief Assessor
urged the court to consider the correctness of _Chartered Bank_. However,
there was no need for the court in _Tan Hee Liang_ to do so, and the status of
_Chartered Bank_ has not been clarified.

40 _Tan Hee Liang_ concerned a claim to exclude from the annual value payments
that respectively went towards the sinking fund and special levy imposed by
the management strata corporation concerned. The Chief Assessor had allowed an
exclusion of contributions to the maintenance fund as a special administrative
concession (see _Tan Hee Liang_ at [85]). The court noted that the sinking
fund, maintenance fund and special levy all concerned the maintenance and
repair of the common property. As noted above at [27], it was recognised in
_Tan Hee Liang_ (at [63]–[68]) that “maintenance” in the qualifying words
included maintenance of the common property. Therefore, by operation of the
qualifying words, expenses incurred for the repair and maintenance of the
common property should be included for the purposes of ascertaining the annual
value.

41 The court in _Tan Hee Liang_ held that the special levy was wholly related
to the purposes embodied in the qualifying words and included it as part of
the annual value (see _Tan Hee Liang_ at [82]). As for the sinking fund, even
though it was for major maintenance and repair which might occur in the
future, the court declined to exclude it as future maintenance might also
preserve or enhance the value of the property (see _Tan Hee Liang_ at [55] and
[73]). However, the fact that the sinking fund was for potential future
maintenance gave rise to an issue with the timing of the utilisation of the
funds. The court laid down the principle that inclusion in the assessment of
annual value could take place only when the maintenance and repair was in fact
effected or where there was specific allocation of the use of the funds (see
_Tan Hee Liang_ at [73]). Exactly when the specific allocation of funds in the
sinking fund for future maintenance took place was a matter left by the court
to the Chief Assessor to determine; this issue was therefore remitted to the
Chief Assessor.

Issue 1

42 In the light of the foregoing discussion of the case law, we now move on to
consider the proper test to adopt to decide whether an item of expense, which
has been included in the gross rent paid by a tenant, should be excluded for
the purposes of determining the annual value of the property.

The Appellant’s case

43 The Appellant argues in favour of the rent-services dichotomy and focuses
on the qualifying words to contend that expenses for services which are not
enumerated in the qualifying words should be excluded from determining the
annual value of the property.[note: 2]

The Respondent’s case

44 The Respondent disputes the Appellant’s reasoning that cost of services
should be excluded from gross rent in the computation of annual value based
simply on the fact that s 2(1) of the PTA does not state that these are to be
included in annual value. According to the Respondent, that argument cuts both
ways. Section 2(1) of the PTA is equally silent on whether cost of services
can be _excluded_ in fixing annual value and this silence could be interpreted
in favour of inclusion.[note: 3]

Our analysis and decision

45 In _BCH No 2_ , it was stated (at [38]) that whether an item in the gross
rent can be excluded from the determination of annual value will depend on the
“precise nature of the item concerned”. While this must be true, we are afraid
it does not provide much guidance in terms of deciding whether an expense is
related to rent or letting.

46 It seems to us that the starting point must be to see whether a particular
expense falls within the qualifying words in s 2 of the PTA. This is the first
stage. As we held above at [20], the qualifying words are a statutory impetus
to _include_ in the annual value any component of the gross rent that is to
cover the expenses that the qualifying words expressly enumerate, _ie_ , the
landlord’s expenses for repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep and all taxes
(other than goods and services tax). If the expense belongs to one of these
categories, it has to be included in determining annual value, and no further
question arises.

47 It is only if an expense does not fall within any of the categories in the
qualifying words that the test of “rent or letting” comes into play. This is
the second stage. In the application of this test, we do not think the rent-
services dichotomy adopted in the earlier cases is really that helpful. An
item of expense is not automatically excluded when computing the annual value
just because it has been incurred for a service. From the qualifying words it
is clear that some services will have to be _included_ in the annual value.
For example, maintenance of the property is a service that has to be included
in the annual value. It is not the label of “service” that counts, but whether
the expense is, in substance, related to rent or letting. Conversely, as noted
above at [15], the gross rent of a property is by no means conclusive in the
determination of annual value. While the provision of some services may lead
to an enhancement of rent, this does not in itself result in the inclusion of
expenses so incurred in determining the annual value (see above at [37]). In
our view, where the expense in question forms a part of the gross rent _it
must relate to the use or occupation of the heritable subject_ if it is to
qualify as one relating to “rent or letting” and so be included in the annual
value. An example of an expense which has really nothing to do with the use or
occupation of premises is the A&P expenses incurred in _BCH No 1_.

48 In this regard, the fixture and/or enhancement tests may be helpful. As the
test for “rent or letting” is whether the expense is related to the use or
occupation of the heritable subject, it follows that expenses related to
fixtures which are components of the heritable subject itself (apart from
fixtures falling under s 2(2) of the PTA) are related to rent or letting (see
_Chief Assessor and another v First DCS Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 724 at [46]).
We agree with the Judge’s reasoning at [25] of the Judgment and would only add
one rider to it. It is important not to lose sight of the fact that while a
fixture becomes part of the land or enhances the value of the land, the
fixture and/or enhancement tests are not the key focus. It is the rent at
which the premises or property may reasonably be expected to be let which is
the touchstone of s 2(1) of the PTA.

Issue 2

49 We will now examine whether, on the application of the test for exclusion,
the depreciation component of the Asset Items should be excluded from the
annual value of each unit of the Property.

The Appellant’s case

50 The Appellant contends that the depreciation component is not related to
rent or letting. While the Appellant does not dispute that the application of
the fixture and enhancement tests would result in a finding that the Asset
Items constituted fixtures or that they “obviously increased the value of the
[U]nits”,[note: 4] it argues that the tests are not relevant to a
determination of whether the depreciation component should be excluded from
the computation of the annual value of each unit. The fixture and enhancement
tests are applied to tax fixtures which _enhance_ the value of the land.
However, depreciation is a distinct concept from enhancement.

51 Furthermore, the Appellant asserts that the gross rent in the present
appeal has already included, and was reflective of, the enhanced value brought
about by the Asset Items. To include the depreciation component in the annual
value would thus amount to double counting.

The Respondent’s Case

52 On the contrary, the Respondent contends that the Asset Items are not
exempted from annual value, referring to _First DCS Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor
and another_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 326, which held (at [28]) that escalators, lifts
and air-conditioning units were not excluded from assessment under s 2(2) of
the PTA.

53 In response to the Appellant’s argument that enhancement is not equivalent
to depreciation, the Respondent contends that the annual value of a property
is not dependent on the actual quantum of depreciation as it uses a
hypothetical tenant as a yardstick. There is thus no need to ensure a perfect
match between the amount of depreciation and the amount of enhancement.[note:
5]

Our analysis

54 The first issue to be determined here is whether the depreciation component
comes within the qualifying words. If so, then this expense will be included
in the computation of the annual value without more (see above at [46]).
Insofar as the Appellant argues that the qualifying words represent a closed
list, we agree. However, all that the omission of an expense from that list
signifies is that that expense is not _automatically_ to be included in the
computation of the annual value. If the expense is related to rent or letting,
it will nonetheless be included in the annual value at the second stage of
inquiry.

55 If depreciation is not a species of maintenance, as we think is the case,
then depreciation of fixtures found on the common property, such as the Asset
Items, should not automatically be included in the annual value. In _Tan Hee
Liang_ , the meaning of “maintenance” was discussed as follows (at [56]):

56 … We need only add that the meaning of “maintenance” is relatively clear
and a broad, commonsensical definition should be adopted. In this regard,
_Collins Cobuild English Language Dictionary_ (Harper Collins Publishers India
Pvt Ltd, 1991) at p 877 pertinently defines “maintenance” as “the activity of
keeping something such as a building, vehicle or machine in good condition by
regularly checking it and doing necessary repairs”. This definition accords
with the interpretation given to the meaning of “maintain” in a number of
other cases. For example, the House of Lords in _Hamilton v National Coal
Board_ [1960] AC 633 defined “maintain” in the context of the Mines and
Quarries Act 1954 (c 70) (UK) to mean “keep[ing] in proper order by acts of
maintenance before the thing to be maintained falls out of condition” (see per
Lord Keith of Avonholm at 647).

In sum, maintenance is keeping an item in good repair.

56 In the Judgment, the meaning of “depreciation” was discussed as follows (at
[21]):

21 Depreciation as defined in the Financial Reporting Standards FRS 16 is the
systematic allocation of the depreciable amount of an asset (_ie_ , the cost
of an asset, or other amount substituted for cost, less its residual value)
over its useful life. Put simply, depreciation serves to match a fair
proportion of the cost of an asset against income earned by a business in an
accounting period as well as reflect the book value of the asset used in the
business at each accounting period end. In this case, the Landlord has
described depreciation as a “notional expense” for wear and tear of the asset
items that would need to be replaced in the future, and this is usually at the
end of the useful life of the asset item. On the matter of depreciation, the
Board in its Decision stated (at [14]):

... the [Landlord] would have to incur actual and notional expenditure, which
refers to depreciation of the equipment. Undoubtedly, these items cannot last
forever and not only require maintenance but need replacement due to wear and
tear.

In other words, depreciation is a notional expense _which is no less real_ ,
taking into account the wear and tear of an item and its future replacement.
Depreciation is not concerned with keeping the item in good repair. It
represents the recognition that, even with maintenance, an item which has a
certain useful life span will not stay in good repair for an infinite time and
will need to be replaced.

57 Depreciation and maintenance can be seen as two sides of the same,
gradually corroding, coin. Maintenance tries to preserve the coin and keep it
from corroding, while depreciation recognises that the coin will eventually
corrode at the end of its useful life and that a new coin will have to be
bought. Therefore, while depreciation and maintenance are both responses to
the problem of a finite useful life, they are not the same. Depreciation thus
cannot be said to be a species of maintenance, and does not fall under the
qualifying words.

58 The next issue is whether the depreciation of the Asset Items is related to
“rent or letting”, _ie_ , whether the inclusion of the depreciation component
in the gross rent paid by the tenant of each unit related to the use or
occupation of the heritable subject. On either the fixture or enhancement
test, the Asset Items are fixtures and a part of the “heritable subject” (see
the Judgment at [38], [41] and [42]). We also agree with the Judge that the
Asset Items are not to be excluded from assessment under s 2(2) of the PTA
(see the Judgment at [30]–[33]). The Asset Items clearly and directly enhance
the enjoyment of each tenant’s occupation of his unit. For the facilities
provided by the Asset Items to be so enjoyed by the tenants, two sets of
expense would have to be incurred. The first relates to recurrent maintenance
and repairs. The second takes into account the fact that each of the Asset
Items has a finite useful life span, at the expiry of which it has to be
replaced. This latter expense is represented by the depreciation component.
While it is true that depreciation is an accounting concept or practice (see
the Judgment at [21]), it has its roots in business reality without which
there would be under-recognition of the expense of a business and a false
picture of the profitability of the business presented. In short, both of
these expenses are needed to ensure that the units in the shopping centre (and
in turn the tenants) will continue to enjoy the facilities which the Asset
Items provide. Accordingly, we hold that the depreciation component
represented by the $0.20 psf should be reckoned as relating to the rent or
letting of each unit. There is no question of double counting.

When the depreciation component should be included in the annual value

59 Having found that the depreciation component relates to the rent or letting
of each unit of the Property and is to be included in the annual value, we now
touch on the oblique inquiry as to whether the sum representing the
depreciation component should, upon payment by the tenants, be _immediately_
included in the assessment of annual value. In _Tan Hee Liang_ , it was held
(at [80]) that an amount paid into a sinking fund in respect of possible
maintenance to be carried out in the future _should not be included_ in the
determination of the annual value until the amount had been specifically
allocated or actually put to its intended effect (see above at [41]). We think
that that decision is distinguishable from the present case. _Tan Hee Liang_
was concerned with contributions to a sinking fund, which fund by its nature
was to be applied to the maintenance of items and facilities _generally_.
There was thus an _open-ended_ category of potential objects which could be
maintained. Seen in that light, we agree that the sinking fund there could not
be said to have been applied towards the maintenance of any particular item or
facility until it had actually been specifically allocated or used for such
maintenance. In this case, however, the depreciation component pertained only
to the Asset Items. We note that the Appellant claimed before the tribunals
below that the depreciation component related to not just the Asset Items but
other plant and machinery of the Property as well (see above at [4]). Given
that the Appellant’s arguments only focused on the depreciation of the Asset
Items, however, we would regard the other plant and machinery to be _de
minimis_ , insofar as the depreciation component is concerned. We find
therefore that there is here already a fixed class of objects towards which
the depreciation component is applied. No question of specific allocation
arises in this case. Given also that the Respondent accepted the rate and
quantum of depreciation put forward by the Appellant to be fair and
reasonable, we do not see any need to remit the matter to the Respondent for
determination as was done in _Tan Hee Liang_.

Conclusion

60 In the result, we dismiss the appeal with costs and the usual consequential
orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Case at para 33.

[note: 2]Appellant’s Case at para 20 and 26.

[note: 3]Respondent’s Case at para 29.

[note: 4]Appellant’s Case at para 33.

[note: 5]Respondent Case at para 94.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jan 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

