Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sembcorp Marine Ltd _v_ PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another
appeal  
[2013] SGCA 43

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals No 75 and 77 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Davinder Singh SC, Vanathi S, Jackson Eng and Isaac Lum
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant in Civil Appeal 75/2012 and the 1st
respondent in Civil Appeal 77/2012; Lee Eng Beng SC, Disa Sim, Jonathan Lee
and Fu Qui Jun (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the respondents in Civil Appeal 75/2012
and the appellants in CA 77/2012; Alvin Yeo SC, Monica Chong, Koh Swee Yen and
Toor Simran (WongPartnership LLP) for the 2nd respondent in Civil Appeal
77/2012.  
Parties| :|  Sembcorp Marine Ltd — PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2012] 3 SLR 801.]

25 July 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 In this judgment, we give our decision on two related appeals, namely, Civil
Appeal No 75 of 2012 (“CA 75”) and Civil Appeal No 77 of 2012 (“CA 77”)
(collectively “the present appeals”). The present appeals arise out of Suit
351 of 2010 (“Suit 351”), which was an action commenced by Sembcorp Marine Ltd
(“Sembcorp”) against PPL Holdings Pte Ltd (“PPL Holdings”) and E-Interface
Holdings Limited (“E-Interface”) over the corporate affairs and management of
their joint venture company, PPL Shipyard Pte Ltd (“PPL Shipyard”). In his
judgment in _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another_ [2012] 3
SLR 801 (“the Judgment”), the High Court judge (“the Judge”) who heard the
trial of the matter dismissed Sembcorp’s claims and allowed in part the
counterclaim brought by PPL Holdings and E-Interface against Sembcorp and PPL
Shipyard (which had also been named as a defendant in the counterclaim). CA 75
is Sembcorp’s appeal against the Judge’s dismissal of its claims, while CA 77
is the appeal of PPL Holdings and E-Interface against the Judge’s partial
dismissal of their counterclaim.

2 The present appeals raise a number of issues of company law and contract
law. In particular, lead counsel for Sembcorp, Mr Davinder Singh SC (“Mr
Singh”), and lead counsel for both PPL Holdings and E-Interface, Mr Lee Eng
Beng SC (“Mr Lee”), had much to say on the proper approach to the implication
of terms as well as to the interpretation of contractual terms under our law.
In this judgment, we address these points raised, as well as the construction
of contracts in general.

Facts

3 Most of the relevant facts have been set out at [3] to [25] of the Judgment.
We therefore only recite the facts to the extent necessary.

Parties

4 Sembcorp is engaged in the business of constructing oil rigs and ships. In
or around late 2000, one of Sembcorp’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Jurong
Shipyard Pte Ltd, submitted a tender pursuant to an invitation issued by Santa
Fe International Corporation for the construction of certain drilling rigs
(“the Santa Fe Projects”). PPL Shipyard, which was also carrying on the
business of designing and constructing offshore drilling rigs, had likewise
put in bids for the Santa Fe Projects. At some point, the management teams of
Sembcorp and PPL Shipyard came to learn about their mutual interest in the
same Santa Fe Projects. The idea of an alliance was mooted, and a joint
venture quickly materialised with the signing of a Sale and Purchase Agreement
(“the SPA”) on 29 March 2001, and a joint venture agreement (“the JVA”) on 9
April 2001. Prior to the SPA, PPL Shipyard was effectively owned by PPL
Holdings as 97% of PPL Shipyard’s issued share capital was held by PPL
Holdings in its own right while the remaining 3% was held by E-Interface, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of PPL Holdings.

5 The only two directors of PPL Holdings are Dr Benety Chang (“Chang”) and Mr
Anthony Aurol (“Aurol”). In addition, Aurol was the Executive Director of PPL
Shipyard, as well as the Chief Operating Officer and a director of Baker
Technology Ltd (“Baker”), a public company listed on the Stock Exchange of
Singapore. Baker owned 100% of the shares of PPL Holdings and as will become
apparent, was an important player in the background to the present dispute.
Chang is the Executive Deputy Chairman of PPL Shipyard as well as a director
and the Chief Executive Officer of Baker. Between them, Chang and Aurol
managed the day-to-day operations of PPL Shipyard.

Background

The JVA

6 Under the SPA, Sembcorp purchased 50% of the issued share capital in PPL
Shipyard from PPL Holdings. As a result, Sembcorp and PPL Holdings (together
with E-Interface) each had an equal interest in PPL Shipyard. The terms on
which the joint venture between Sembcorp and PPL Holdings was to be carried
out were set out in the JVA.

7 The key terms of the JVA which are in dispute in the present appeals include
the following:

**4.** **SHARE CAPITAL**

**…**

4.2 Unless otherwise agreed to in writing between the Parties hereto, the
share capital of [PPL Shipyard] shall be held in the following proportions:

_Name of Party_ |  _Percentage of shareholding_  
---|---  
|  
Sembcorp PPLH |  50 per cent 50 per cent  
  
  

4.3 The percentage proportion of the Parties shall be maintained for the
duration of this Agreement unless otherwise agreed in writing.

**5.** **BOARD OF DIRECTORS**

5.1 Unless otherwise agreed, the Board of Directors of [PPL Shipyard] shall
comprise of six (6) Directors who shall be appointed by the Parties as
follows:

SembCorp |  3 Directors  
---|---  
PPLH |  3 Directors  
  
  

so long as they shall hold such number of shares for the time being in the
capital of [PPL Shipyard] as are not less than the proportions set out herein.
Any member of the Board may appoint an alternate to attend Directors' meetings
and otherwise act as a Director in his absence.

The Parties shall appoint directors to all the subsidiaries of [PPL Shipyard]
on the same proportion and basis as set out above and these subsidiaries shall
be operated on the same basis and in accordance with the terms as set out in
this Agreement.

5.2 Any vacancy in the Board will be filled by the Party that nominated the
Director who is retiring or ceasing for whatever reason to be a Director. Each
of the Parties agree that they shall cause their nominee members of the Board
and their representative at a shareholders’ meeting to support and vote for
the other Party’s nomination or removal upon receipt of advice in writing to
such effect from the party nominating or removing such Director.

5.3 The quorum for the meeting of the Board of Directors shall be two (2)
directors present in person or by the duly appointed alternatives provided
that at any such meeting at least one director nominated by each of the Party
[_sic_] shall be present as otherwise there shall be no quorum. At any meeting
of the Board of Directors, provided a quorum is present, each party will have
three (3) votes irrespective of the number of directors present ...

5.4 A resolution signed by all the Directors for the time being shall be valid
and effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Board duly convened
and held. For the purpose of this Clause, “in writing” and “signed” include by
telex, cable, telegram or telefax.

5.5 The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be nominated by SembCorp. If
the person nominated as Chairman is for any reason unable to attend a Board or
shareholders meeting, he shall nominate a member of the Board to replace him
and failing which, the Deputy Chairman shall act as Chairman. The Chairman
shall not have a casting vote.

5.6 The Deputy Chairman shall be one of the Directors nominated by PPLH.

5.7 [PPL Shipyard]shall be managed by the Board but the day-to-day
administration or management of [PPL Shipyard] shall be vested in the Managing
Director for the time being of [PPL Shipyard] who shall at all times be
subject to the control of the Board. The Managing Director shall be nominated
by PPLH and approved and appointed by the Board. The authority and
responsibility of the Managing Director shall be approved by the Board. A
Deputy Managing Director of [PPL Shipyard] shall be nominated by SembCorp and
approved and appointed by the Board. The authority and responsibility of the
Deputy Managing Director shall be approved by the Board.

5.8 There shall be an Executive Committee of the Board comprising four
members. Two of the members shall be nominated by SembCorp and the other two
by PPLH. The Executive Committee will be responsible for the matters relating
to the management of [PPL Shipyard] as delegated by the Board.

**6.** **SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING**

6.1 All general meetings of [PPL Shipyard] shall be held at such places as may
be decided by the Board of Directors. Subject to the provision of the Act as
to special resolutions, special notice and short notice, at least 14 days’
notice in writing of each general meeting of [PPL Shipyard] shall be given to
all Shareholders. The contents of such notice of general meeting shall comply
with the Articles of Association. The quorum necessary for meetings of
Shareholders of [PPL Shipyard] shall be the two Shareholders. Each Shareholder
shall only appoint one representative who shall have only one vote. The
Chairman of the meeting will be a nominee of SembCorp. The Chairman will not
have a casting vote.

…

**8.** **OPERATIONAL SUPPORT**

8.1 The Parties agree that they will endeavour to provide reasonable
assistance and support which a Party in its sole discretion deems fit and with
the consent of the other Party for the operations and activities of [PPL
Shipyard] including, but not limited to, arranging for the Parties and their
affiliates, partners and agents to assist such operations where possible and
appropriate.

8.2 The Parties agree that they will support [PPL Shipyard] in the expansion
of its activities by providing [PPL Shipyard] on a reasonable basis with such
goods, services and equipment as the Parties normally provide in the course of
their business.

…

**11**. **TRANSFER OF SHARES**

…

11.10 Upon the completion of the sale of the shares in accordance with the
terms of this Clause 11, and unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties, the
Directors nominated by the Party which has sold its shares shall immediately
resign from the Board. If only a portion of the shares held by a Party are
sold by a Party pursuant to this clause 11, the Parties shall agree on the
Directors, if any, nominated by that Party which has sold a part of its
shares, who shall continue to remain on the Board of [PPL Shipyard] and the
terms of such tenure as Director on the Board of [PPL Shipyard].

…

**13.** **CONFIDENTIALITY**

13.1 All communications between the Parties and [PPL Shipyard] and all
information and other material supplied to or received by any of them from the
others which is either marked 'confidential' or is by its nature intended to
be exclusively for the knowledge of the recipient alone and any information
concerning the business or trading transactions or the financial arrangements
of the Parties or [PPL Shipyard] or of any person with whom any of them is in
a confidential relationship of the recipient shall be kept confidential by the
recipient (except for such relevant information as may be required by the
parent company of a Party for purposes of consolidation of the accounts and to
satisfy various group policies and procedures) unless or until the recipient
can reasonably demonstrate that it is or part of it is, in the public domain,
whereupon, to the extent that it is public, or in the event that the recipient
is requested or required by a judicial, administrative or governmental body to
disclose any such confidential information, or where such confidential
information is already known to the recipient ... then this obligation shall
cease.

…

**24.** **GOOD FAITH**

24.1 Each of the Parties undertakes with each of the others to do all things
reasonably within its power which are necessary or desirable to give effect to
the spirit and interest of this Agreement and the Memorandum and Articles of
Association of [PPL Shipyard].

…

**26.** **AMENDMENTS**

26.1 No amendment of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable unless they
shall have been agreed to in writing by the Parties hereto.

…

**3** **1.CONSTITUTION OF THE COMPANY**

...

31.2 The Parties hereto shall after the execution of this Agreement exercise,
as soon as possible, their voting rights in [PPL Shipyard] and take all
necessary steps to amend the Memorandum and Articles of Association to
incorporate the terms of this Agreement. In the event of any conflict between
the terms of this Agreement and the Memorandum and Articles of Association,
the terms of this Agreement shall, as between the parties hereto, prevail
unless the contrary to the laws in force in Singapore and the parties hereto
shall forthwith cause such necessary alteration to be made to the Memorandum
and Articles of Association as is required so as to resolve conflict.

…

8 Pursuant to cl 31 of the JVA, some of PPL Shipyard’s Articles of Association
were amended on 26 September 2001 with the general aim of bringing them into
conformity with the terms of the JVA, although it should be noted that the
amended articles were not identical to the terms of the JVA. The specific
articles of association of PPL Shipyard which were amended are hereinafter
referred to as the “the Consequential Articles”, and references herein to the
Articles of Association of PPL Shipyard refer to the version of the Articles
of Association post 26 September 2001.

The Supplemental Agreement and the change in shareholding

9 On 5 July 2003, Sembcorp and PPL Holdings entered into an agreement
supplemental to the JVA (“the SA”). The SA provided, amongst other things, for
the sale of 35% of PPL Holding’s shareholding in PPL Shipyard to Sembcorp.
Following this, Sembcorp owned 85% of PPL Shipyard while PPL Holdings
(together with E-Interface’s 3%) owned the remaining 15%. The SA, which took
the form of a letter from Chang on behalf of PPL Holdings to Sembcorp’s then
President, Mr Tan Kwi Kin, also provided for a “put” option in favour of PPL
Holdings enabling it to sell its remaining 15% in PPL Shipyard to Sembcorp
within a period of 36 months (“the Put Option”). Sembcorp had actually wanted
a “call” option entitling it to purchase the remaining 15% of PPL Shipyard
from PPL Holdings, but Chang did not agree to this.

10 The SA is a brief document. Despite the change in the shareholding of PPL
Shipyard following the SA, no specific changes were made to the JVA, and in
particular, to those provisions which regulated the management of PPL Shipyard
such as cll 5.1 to 5.8. Nor were any amendments made to PPL Shipyard’s
Articles of Association. Notwithstanding this however, subsequent to the SA,
Sembcorp appointed three more directors to the PPL Shipyard board, such that
there were then six Sembcorp-appointed directors and three PPL Holdings-
appointed directors. There was and is no dispute between the parties as to the
validity of these appointments.

11 It is evident from the Put Option that the possibility of PPL Holdings and
E-Interface eventually exiting from the joint venture was contemplated. This
possibility, however, did not eventuate as the Put Option was never exercised.
Instead, PPL Holdings and E-Interface continued with the joint venture on the
basis of the revised shareholding structure. As for Sembcorp, although it had
a majority interest in the equity of PPL Shipyard and majority board
representation after the SA, the real limits of its power as the majority
shareholder were not tested until several years later. In the meantime, the
parties proceeded more or less as they had from the outset, working
consensually to address the issues that arose from time to time.

Yangzijiang’s bid for Baker’s shares in PPL Holdings

12 On 16 April 2010, almost seven years after the SA, Baker received a
“binding” letter of offer from Yangzijiang Shipbuilding (Holdings) Limited
(“Yangzijiang”) to purchase all its shares in PPL Holdings for an aggregate
sum of US$155m. Yangzijiang’s offer was calculated using, _inter alia_ , the
net book value of PPL Shipyard based on the latter’s full year accounts for
2009 (“the 2009 Accounts”). As at the date of the offer, PPL Shipyard’s 2009
Accounts had not been published. It later emerged that Aurol had furnished a
copy of the 2009 Accounts to a broker for Yangzijiang on 13 April 2010.
Sembcorp took an adverse view of these developments when it learnt of them.

Sembcorp’s response

13 At a PPL Shipyard quarterly board meeting that was held on 28 April 2010
which all the directors attended, the Chairman, who was a Sembcorp-nominated
director, tabled three resolutions for approval under “Other Matters”. These
resolutions sought to appoint:

(a) a new designated Managing Director to phase in and succeed the incumbent
who was a PPL Holdings-nominated director;

(b) a new Chief Financial Officer; and

(c) two Joint Company Secretaries to replace the existing one.

None of these resolutions (“the 28 April 2010 resolutions”) were listed on the
agenda for that board meeting; nor were the PPL Holdings-nominated directors
given notice that these resolutions would be tabled. The three PPL Holdings-
nominated directors voted against the 28 April 2010 resolutions, while the six
Sembcorp-nominated directors voted in favour of them. The 28 April 2010
resolutions were thus purported to have been passed by a vote of 6 to 3.
Clause 5.3 of the JVA, which on one reading appears to provide that each party
shall have three votes at board meetings regardless of the number of directors
present, was brought to the attention of the Sembcorp-nominated directors by
the PPL Holdings-nominated directors, but the clause gained no traction with
them at that meeting.

14 Several other resolutions were subsequently passed on 11 May, 3 June, 14
June and 21 June 2010. These revolved primarily around the appointment of a
firm of solicitors, WongPartnership LLP, to act for PPL Shipyard and to
receive instructions from the Chairman of PPL Shipyard (a Sembcorp-nominated
director) on matters pertaining to Suit 351 which was commenced on 15 May 2010
(“the WongPartnership resolutions”). The WongPartnership resolutions were
passed at board meetings at which no directors nominated by PPL Holdings were
present.

15 On 8 June 2010, the six Sembcorp-nominated directors sent a letter to Aurol
(“the 8 June 2010 letter”). The letter, amongst other things, invited Aurol to
vacate his office as a director of PPL Shipyard pursuant to Art 90(g) of the
Articles of Association in the light of his admission that he had disclosed
the 2009 Accounts of PPL Shipyard to Yangzijiang.

16 On 15 June 2010, the six Sembcorp-nominated directors commenced proceedings
against the three PPL Holdings-nominated directors in Originating Summons No
590 of 2010 (“OS 590”). Pursuant to OS 590 (Amendment No 1) dated 26 August
2010, the six Sembcorp-nominated directors sought, amongst other things, a
declaration that the WongPartnership resolutions were valid pursuant to s
392(2) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”). This was
heard by a High Court judge who declared that some but not all of the
resolutions were invalid: _Tang Kin Fei and others v Chang Benety and others_
[2011] 1 SLR 568 (“ _Chang Benety (HC)_ ”). On appeal, the Court of Appeal
held that the resolutions which the High Court judge had found to be valid
were in fact invalid: _Chang Benety and others v Tang Kin Fei and others_
[2012] 1 SLR 274 (“ _Chang Benety (CA)_ ”).

Suit 351

17 In Suit 351, Sembcorp asserted that PPL Holdings had breached the following
two express terms and three implied terms in the JVA and the SA:

(a) _Express Terms_

(a) Clause 13 of the JVA (“the Confidentiality Clause”), on the ground that
Aurol had wrongfully disclosed the 2009 Accounts to Yangzijiang in order to
enable Yangzijiang to refer to PPL Shipyard’s net book value for the 2009
financial year in calculating its offer price.

(b) Clause 24 of the JVA (“the Spirit Clause”), on the ground that PPL
Holdings failed to exercise reasonable efforts to uphold the “spirit” of the
JVA and to ensure that the offer from Yangzijiang was rejected by Baker.

(b) _Implied Terms_

(c) That such of the provisions of the JVA and the SA, as were premised upon
the existence of the equal shareholding interest of Sembcorp and PPL Holdings
(together with E-Interface) in PPL Shipyard, would cease to subsist or apply
upon either party acquiring a majority of the issued and paid-up share capital
in PPL Shipyard, and the JVA itself would terminate and the Consequential
Articles would no longer subsist or apply upon either party ceasing to hold
any beneficial interest in PPL Shipyard (“the Equality Premise Clause”).

(d) That neither party will, without offering its shares to the other, act in
any manner which would cause the other to be a “partner” in PPL Shipyard
together with a party owned or controlled by someone other than the principals
of the parties to the JVA (“the Change of Control Clause”).

(e) That each party will ensure that its wholly owned subsidiary, its holding
company and/or the wholly owned subsidiaries of its holding company would not
do anything which would undermine the benefits conferred on the parties by cl
11.7 of the JVA (“the Benefits Guarantee Clause”).

18 PPL Holdings and E-Interface counterclaimed, seeking, _inter alia_ :

(a) a declaration that the 28 April 2010 resolutions were invalid;

(b) a declaration that the removal of Aurol as a director of PPL Shipyard was
invalid and that his employment as an executive of PPL Shipyard had not been
terminated;

(c) a declaration that PPL Holdings and E-Interface are entitled to seek the
reliefs in (a) and (b) on the grounds of minority oppression under s 216 of
the Companies Act;

(d) a declaration that PPL Holdings and E-Interface are entitled to mount a
statutory derivative claim under s 216A of the Companies Act to invalidate the
WongPartnership resolutions;

(e) a declaration that PPL Holdings has the right to nominate the Managing
Director of PPL Shipyard; and

(f) an order compelling Sembcorp to join PPL Holdings and E-Interface in
passing a special resolution to resolve and remove any conflicts between the
JVA and the Consequential Articles.

19 In essence, Sembcorp by these proceedings sought to establish that it was
in a position to exercise effective control over the management of PPL
Shipyard, whereas PPL Holdings and E-Interface through their counterclaim
sought to establish that they continued to retain equal voting rights at board
meetings as well as executive control of PPL Shipyard.

The decision below

The Judge’s decision on Sembcorp’s claim

20 The Judge made the following findings on Sembcorp’s claim:

(a) The Equality Premise Clause could not be implied into the JVA or the SA
because of the absence of any mechanisms to effect the changes in management
once the equal proportions of shareholding were disturbed. Furthermore,
Sembcorp’s subsequent conduct in appointing three more directors to the board
of PPL Shipyard after the parties entered into the SA was not sufficiently
compelling to warrant the implication of the term.

(b) The Change of Control Clause could not be implied into the JVA or the SA
because of the “black holes in the factual matrix” that Sembcorp put forth. It
was not clear that a change of the principals who controlled the parties was
thought to be an issue which needed resolution by a share offer.

(c) The Benefits Guarantee Clause could not be implied because it was to the
same effect as saying that no party should breach cl 11.7 and was therefore
superfluous.

(d) There was no breach of the Confidentiality Clause because the information
contained in the 2009 Accounts was not confidential at the time of release. In
any event, the breach was not repudiatory since the clause was neither a
condition nor was it one which would deprive Sembcorp of substantially the
whole benefit of the JVA if it was breached.

(e) There was no breach of the Spirit Clause because the identity of the
parties to the JVA had not changed, even though PPL Holdings was now owned by
Yangzijiang.

The Judge’s decision on PPL Holding’s counterclaim

21 As for PPL Holdings and E-Interface’s counterclaim, the Judge held that:

(a) The 28 April 2010 resolutions were invalid because they were passed at a
meeting without the necessary quorum.

(b) The removal of Aurol was invalid because it was not effected at or
pursuant to a properly constituted directors’ meeting.

(c) However, PPL Holdings and E-Interface were not entitled to seek the
reliefs in (a) and (b) under s 216 of the Companies Act on the basis of
minority oppression because this would amount to a circumvention of their lack
of standing to do the same under s 216A.

(d) PPL Holdings and E-Interface were not entitled to seek relief under s 216A
of the Companies Act to invalidate the WongPartnership resolutions because
they were shareholders and had no standing to pursue a claim on behalf of the
company.

(e) It was not necessary to compel Sembcorp to work with PPL Holdings to iron
out any inconsistencies between the JVA and the Consequential Articles as this
was a matter of contract.

Issues before this Court

22 In CA 75, Sembcorp pruned its arguments and submitted that the Judge erred
in finding that:

(a) the Equality Premise Clause could not be implied into the JVA or into the
Articles of Association of PPL Shipyard;

(b) there was no breach of the Confidentiality Clause;

(c) the 28 April 2010 resolutions were invalid because they were made at a
meeting without the necessary quorum; and

(d) the removal of Aurol was invalid because it was not made at a properly
constituted directors’ meeting.

23 In CA 77, PPL Holdings and E-Interface submitted that the Judge erred in:

(a) finding that PPL Holdings and E-Interface were not entitled to seek relief
under s 216 of the Companies Act to invalidate the 28 April 2010 resolutions,
the removal of Aurol, and two of the WongPartnership resolutions;

(b) finding that independently of s 216 of the Companies Act, PPL Holdings and
E-Interface were not entitled to a declaration that the WongPartnership
resolutions are invalid under s 392(2) of the same;

(c) not dealing with the issue of whether PPL Holdings in its own right has
the right to nominate any successor as the Managing Director of PPL Shipyard;
and

(d) not making an order compelling Sembcorp to join with PPL Holdings to iron
out any inconsistencies between the JVA and the Consequential Articles and
further, in not granting liberty to apply for the said order.

Analysis

Interpretation, implication and construction

24 After a detailed analysis of the law on implied terms, the Judge adopted
the position in _Attorney General of Belize and others v Belize Telecom Ltd
and another_ [2009] 1 WLR 1988 (“ _Belize_ ”), holding (at [60] and [64] of
the Judgment) that “[i]f a term is thought fit for implication on the
satisfaction of either of the traditional tests,  _Belize_ demands that the
term implied must be checked for consonance with a reasonable interpretation
of the contract”, based on the “ _particular_ factual matrix before [the
court]” [emphasis in original]. It should be noted that the Judgment pre-dated
our judgment in _Foo Jong Peng and others v Phua Kiah Mai and another_ [2012]
4 SLR 1267 (“ _Foo Jong Peng_ ”), where we declined to follow _Belize_.

25 _Belize_ belongs to a pentalogy of English cases including _Investor
Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society and Others_ [1998] 1
WLR 896 (“ _ICS_ ”), _Jumbo King Ltd v Faithful Properties Ltd and others_
[1999] 3 HKLRD 757 (“ _Jumbo King”_), _Belize_ , _Transfield Shipping Inc v
Mercator Shipping Inc (The Achilleas)_ [2009] 1 AC 61 (“ _The Achilleas_ ”),
and _Chartbrook Ltd and another v Persimmon Homes Ltd and another_ [2009] 1 AC
1101 (“ _Chartbrook_ ”) that has brought about significant developments in
contract law. The leading judgments in all of these cases were either
delivered by Lord Hoffmann or referred to a leading judgment of his. We have
already commented, in some detail, on _The Achilleas_ which deals with the law
on remoteness of damage in _MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd and another v Fish & Co
Restaurants Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2011] 1 SLR 150 and in _Out of the
Box Pte Ltd v Wanin Industries Pte Ltd_ [2013] 2 SLR 363. In the present
judgment, we will consider in particular _ICS, Jumbo King_ and _Belize_ , as
these cases address issues relating to the implication of terms and the
construction of contracts.

26 Before turning to consider the approach to be taken in Singapore law, it
would be helpful first to set out precisely the meaning to be ascribed to the
key terms used in this discussion. Words such as “interpretation”,
“implication” and “construction” despite being loaded with legal meaning, have
generally been used loosely. Oftentimes, the level of specificity in
terminology that is suggested below is not necessary. But occasionally, as in
the present appeals (see [78]–[81] below), it may be beneficial and desirable
to pay attention to these details.

Interpretation of terms

27 First, by “interpretation”, we refer to the process of ascertaining the
meaning of expressions in a contract. The presence of expressions, primarily
in the form of words constituting an express term, is an essential
prerequisite to invoke the process of interpretation. This view (_ie_ , that
interpretation concerns the meaning of _words_) is supported by academics in
the United States of America such as Professor Allan Farnsworth, Professor
Arthur Corbin (“Prof Corbin”) and Professor Samuel Williston: Allan
Farnsworth, “‘Meaning’ in the Law of Contracts” (1966-1967) 76 Yale LJ 939 at
939–940. We find Prof Corbin’s explanation of the process of interpretation
particularly apt (Margaret N Kniffin, _Corbin on Contracts_ vol 5 (Joseph M
Perillo ed) (LexisNexis Law Publishing, 1998 Rev Ed)) at para 24.1:

Interpretation is the process whereby one person gives a meaning to the
symbols of expression used by another person. _The symbols most commonly in
use are words_ , appearing singly or in groups, oral or written; but acts and
forbearances are also symbols of expression requiring interpretation.
[emphasis added]

28 Since the process of interpretation entails ascribing meaning to the
parties’ contractual or contractually relevant _expressions_ , there cannot be
interpretation of a non-expression, _ie_ a non-existent expression. As Lord
Steyn observed in _Equitable Life Assurance Society v Hyman_ [2002] 1 AC 408
(“ _Hyman_ ”) at 458, the purpose of interpretation is “to assign to the
_language of the text_ the most appropriate meaning which _the words_ can
legitimately bear” [emphasis added]. It is through such a process of
interpretation that the parties’ intentions as _expressed_ in the contract are
objectively ascertained.

Implication of terms in fact

29 The interpretative process does not _always_ provide a complete picture of
the parties’ intentions. Such a process necessarily falls short where there is
a gap in a contract arising from its silence on a particular issue, because
where a contract is silent on a particular issue, there will plainly be no
language to which an appropriate meaning can be ascribed. There is no
principle of contract law that every gap must be filled; but the law provides
that in some cases, the gap ought to be filled because the parties are
presumed to have intended that to be so. In the words of Lord Wright in _Luxor
(Eastbourne) Ltd and others v Cooper_ [1941] AC 108 at para 10.04, “what is
sought to be implied is based on an intention imputed to the parties from
their actual circumstances”. The implication of terms in fact is the process
by which the court fills a gap in the contract to give effect to the parties’
presumed intentions.

30 None of this is especially new. We refer to Goh Yihan, “Terms Implied in
Fact Clarified in Singapore” (2013) 2 JBL 237 (“ _Goh (JBL)_ ”) where
Assistant Professor Goh Yihan (“Asst Prof Goh”) highlighted (at p 244) the
views of Professor Gerard McMeel (“Prof McMeel”) and Sir Thomas Bingham MR (as
he then was) on the distinction between the interpretative and implication
process, both of whose views we agree with. Prof McMeel proposes that the
process of implication “goes further [than interpretation] and permits the
court to plug what it perceives to be gaps in the express terms or explicit
language of the parties’ agreement”: Gerard McMeel, _The Construction of
Contracts_ (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2011) (“ _McMeel_ ”) at p 315.
Similarly, Sir Thomas Bingham MR in _Philips Electronique Grand Public SA v
British Sky Broadcasting Ltd_ [1995] EMLR 472 (“ _Philips Electronique_ ”)
observed (at 481):

The courts’ usual role in contractual interpretation is, by resolving
ambiguities or reconciling apparent inconsistencies, to attribute the _true
meaning to the_** _language_** _in which the parties themselves have_**
_expressed their contract_**. **_The implication of contract terms involves a
different_** _and altogether more ambitious undertaking_ : the interpolation
of terms to deal with matters for which, _ex hypothesi_ , the parties
themselves have made no provision. ... [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

Construction of a contract

31 Next, the “construction” of a contract refers to the composite process that
seeks to ascertain the parties’ intentions, both actual and presumed, arising
from the contract _as a whole_ without necessarily being confined to the
specific words used. Construction, in this sense, encompasses both the
interpretation of express terms as well as the implication of terms to fill
gaps. Rectification too may be seen as part of the process of construction as
it is a mechanism by which the parties’ true common intentions are given
effect to.

32 That the word “interpretation” has been used interchangeably with the word
“construction” is unsurprising. It might be somewhat more unusual for the
implication of terms to be mentioned in the same breath. Nonetheless, the
place of implied terms within the concept of the construction of contracts is
not without sound authority: _Hyman_ at 459, and _McMeel_ at para 1.17. In
_Liverpool City Council v Irwin and another_ [1977] 1 AC 239 (“ _Liverpool
City Council_ ”), Lord Wilberforce stated (at 253):

To say that the construction of a complete contract out of these elements
involves a process of “implication” may be correct; it would be so if
implication means the supplying of what is not expressed.

So too in _South Australia Asset Management Corporation v York Montague Ltd_
[1997] 1 AC 191, Lord Hoffmann stated (at 212) that “[a]s in the case of any
implied term, the process is one of _construction of the agreement as a whole_
in its commercial setting” [emphasis added].

33 It follows then that the first of Lord Hoffmann’s five principles in _ICS_
(at 912) that “[i]nterpretation is the ascertainment of the meaning which the
_document_ would convey to a reasonable person” [emphasis added], can be
restated in terms that interpretation is the ascertainment of the meaning
which the _expressions in a document_ would convey to a reasonable person
having all the background knowledge which would reasonably have been available
to the parties at the time of the contract.

The contextual approach revisited

34 Having clarified the scope of the relevant terminology, we turn to consider
the contextual approach to the interpretation of terms as encapsulated by Lord
Hoffmann’s five principles in _ICS._ The philosophy that underlies the
contextual approach is one that seeks the common intention of the parties,
even if, occasionally, this might yield an understanding that departs from the
literal meaning of the words used in the contract. We have largely adopted the
contextual approach to interpretation under our law in _Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3
SLR(R) 1029 (“ _Zurich Insurance_ ”), where this court held (at [132(d)]) that
extrinsic evidence is admissible if it “[goes] towards proof of what the
parties, from an objective viewpoint, ultimately agreed upon”, subject only to
the limitation that the extrinsic evidence “is relevant, reasonably available
to all the contracting parties and relates to a clear or obvious context”. As
we shall later see, in many respects, the adoption of the contextual approach
to interpretation might entail a migration towards the principles adopted in
civil law jurisdictions.

The robust approach to the admissibility of extrinsic evidence

35 In _ICS_ , Lord Hoffmann explained that the factual matrix to be considered
when construing a contract could include “absolutely anything” other than
evidence as to previous negotiations and declarations of subjective intent,
such evidence being admissible only in an action for rectification (see _ICS_
at 913). This was emphasised in _Jumbo King_ where Lord Hoffmann explained (at
773) that “[t]he court is not privy to the negotiation of the agreement –
evidence of such negotiations is inadmissible – and has no way of knowing
whether a clause which appears to have an onerous effect was a quid pro quo
for some other concession” (see also _Chartbrook_ at [30]).

36 This court hinted of a possible willingness to venture further than Lord
Hoffmann in _Jumbo King_ and _Chartbrook_ by observing in _Zurich Insurance_
(at [132(d)]) that “there should be no absolute or rigid prohibition against
evidence of previous negotiations or subsequent conduct, although, in a normal
case, such evidence is likely to be inadmissible”. The New Zealand Supreme
Court has gone even further by holding that evidence of both pre-contractual
negotiations and subsequent conduct may be admissible to aid in contractual
interpretation: see _Wholesale Distributors v Gibbons Holdings_ [2008] 1 NZLR
277 (“ _Gibbons_ ”) and _Vector Gas Ltd v Bay of Plenty Energy Ltd_ [2010] 2
NZLR 444 (“ _Vector Gas_ ”). We refer to the New Zealand approach as the
“robust approach”.

37 The robust approach towards the admissibility of extrinsic evidence bears a
strong resemblance to the civil law approach which allows contracts to be
proven by “any means” (see Art 1341 of the French Civil Code (consolidated
version of 2 June 2012) read with Art 110-3 of the French Commercial Code (Rev
Ed 2010)), and this includes the examination of “all the corresponding
circumstances”, including pre-contractual negotiations and correspondence,
business practices and customs, and subsequent conduct (see Art 431 of the
Russian Civil Code (enacted 18 December 2006)). This is also similar to the
position in German law _viz_ , the German Civil Code (promulgated on 2 January
2002) (see Stefan Vogenauer, “Interpretation of Contracts: Concluding
Comparative Observations” in _Contract Terms_ (Oxford University Press, 2007)
(Andrew Burrows and Edwin Peel eds) (“ _Contract Terms_ ”) ch 7 at pp 137–139)
and Chinese law _viz_ , the Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China
(enacted on 15 March 1999) (see Bing Ling, _Contract Law in China_ (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 2002) at para 5.007; and Mo Zhang, _Chinese Contract Law: Theory
and Practice_ (Martinus Nijhoff, 2006) at p 137). Transnational conventions
dealing with contractual construction also permit the admission of such
evidence, including pre-contractual negotiations, business practices and
subsequent conduct (see Art 4.3 of the UNIDROIT Principles of International
Commercial Contracts (Rev Ed 2010); Art 5:102 of the Principles of European
Contract Law (Rev Ed 2002); and Art 8(3) of the United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (enacted on 11 April 1980)).

38 The fact that the robust approach is prevalent in the civil law legal
systems and transnational conventions is of course not a reason for a common
law system such as ours to eschew it. Indeed, at a conceptual level,
harmonization and convergence in commercial laws is generally to be welcomed.
But at the practical level of implementation, this must be assessed in the
round taking into account how this dovetails with our legal system and our
laws on the admissibility of evidence and the litigation process in general.
In this regard, there are at least two noteworthy aspects of the Singapore
legal system that bear on this. First, the law of evidence in Singapore is
governed primarily by the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the EA”), and
secondarily by the common law. Second, the common law adversarial litigation
process which is adopted under our system is structurally different from the
inquisitorial process of the civil law system. These differences warrant a
careful examination of the extent to which we should adopt the robust
approach. We elaborate on the significance of both these differences below.

The EA

39 The law governing the admissibility of extrinsic evidence in Singapore is
primarily statutory in the form of the EA. Since jurisdictions such as the
United Kingdom, Hong Kong, and New Zealand do not have equivalent provisions
of the EA, the cases of _ICS_ , _Chartbrook_ , _Jumbo King_ , _Gibbons_ and
_Vector Gas_ must be treated with a degree of caution. As was observed by Lord
Hoffmann in _Chartbrook_ (at [39]), courts should be careful about transposing
rules formulated by and for a particular legal system operating under a
particular philosophy into another legal system premised on another
philosophy.

(1) Rules of evidence and rules of contractual construction

40 We begin with a fundamental, even obvious, proposition of law. The EA only
governs the _admissibility_ of evidence. It is not concerned with and so does
not prescribe rules of contractual construction. The province of the EA is the
treatment of evidence, and this is conceptually independent and distinct from
rules of contractual construction. Of course, rules of _evidence_ under the EA
may affect the _application_ of specific rules of contractual interpretation;
but they do not prescribe how a contract should be interpreted and construed.

41 Sir James Fitzjames Stephen (“Sir James”), the drafter of the Indian
Evidence Act of 1872 (Act I of 1872) (“Indian EA”) – from which the Singapore
EA was derived – was also very much alive to this distinction, as recorded in
his book, _A Digest of the Law of Evidence_ (Sir Harry Lushington Stephen and
Lewis Frederick Sturge eds) (MacMillan and Co Limited, 12th Ed, 1936) (“
_Stephen’s Digest_ ”). _Stephen’s Digest_ provides significant insight into
the thinking behind the drafting of the Indian EA as it was a commentary on an
English Bill similar to the Indian EA (which Bill was never passed in England
despite being the subject of a few words in Parliament). Sir James explained
in the Introduction (at p xviii) that he was conscious of the overlap between
the law of evidence and the law of contract while drafting the Indian EA and
strived to keep the two separate.

42 Using s 94(_f_) of the EA – which has been held to embody the contextual
interpretation approach (see [45]–[48] and [63] below) – as an example,
_Stephen’s Digest_ supports the view that the predominant purpose of the
provision is to address the question of _when_ (and what type of) evidence may
be admissible, as opposed to _how_ a document is to be construed. As was noted
in _Zurich Insurance_ at [73], the rule in s 94(_f_) was classified in
_Stephen’s Digest_ (at pp 115–117) under the heading “What evidence may be
given for the interpretation of documents”. The illustrations to s 94, and
indeed to ss 93 to 101 are therefore, unsurprisingly, centred on the _type of
evidence_ that may be given, and not on the meaning to be ascribed to the
expressions for which the evidence may be admitted.

43 It is also not coincidental that s 94(_f_) is in Part II of the EA which
Sir James stressed was concerned with “the _mode_ of proving relevant facts”
[emphasis added]: James Fitzjames Stephen QC, _An Introduction to the Indian
Evidence Act_ (Thacker, Spink & Co, 1904) (“ _An Introduction to the Indian
Evidence Act_ ”) at p 8. Most significantly, Sir James himself explained the
true role of the law of evidence in _An Introduction to the Indian Evidence
Act_ in these terms (at pp 10-11):

All rights and liabilities are dependent upon and arise out of facts.

Every judicial proceeding whatever has for its purpose the ascertaining of
some right or liability ...

In order to effect this result, provision must be made by law for the
following objects:— _First, the legal effect of particular classes of facts in
establishing rights and liabilities must be determined. This is the province
of what has been called substantive law_. Secondly, a course of procedure must
be laid down by which persons interested may apply the substantive law to
particular cases.

The law of procedure includes, amongst others, two main branches,—(1) the law
of pleading, which determines what in particular cases are the questions in
dispute between the parties, and (2) _the law of evidence, which determines
how the parties are to convince the court of the existence of that state of
facts which, according to the provision of substantive law_ , would establish
the existence of the right or liability which they allege to exist.

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

The distinction between rules of contract law _viz_ , the substantive law
which determines rights and liabilities, and rules of evidence, _viz_ , the
procedural law which determines what and how facts may be proved, could not be
clearer.

44 Having regard to this distinction between the rules of evidence and the
rules of contract law, the question that then arises is whether the EA affords
the sort of latitude in the admissibility of extrinsic evidence that would be
necessary in order to give full mileage to the robust approach?

(2) Sections 94, 95 and 96 of the EA

45 This brings the interaction between the contextual approach and ss 93 to
100 of the EA to the fore. In _Zurich Insurance_ , this court considered the
effect of ss 93 to 100 on the admissibility of evidence for the purposes of
the contextual approach. After a comprehensive survey of the relevant
provisions in the EA, we concluded (at [121]) that the contextual approach is
“statutorily embedded in proviso (_f_) to s 94”, even though we also cautioned
(at [122]) that extrinsic evidence cannot be employed “as a pretext to
contradict or vary” the contractual language. We went on to hold (at
[125]–[128]) that under s 94(_f_), extrinsic evidence which was relevant and
reasonably available to all the contracting parties and which would go towards
establishing the relevant context of the contract would be admissible.

46 There is no doubt that our decision in _Zurich Insurance_ on the
compatibility of the contextual approach with the provisions of the EA is
correct. Here, we supplement our earlier observations in _Zurich Insurance_.

(A) Section 94 of the EA

47 Section 94 of the EA reads:

**Exclusion of evidence of oral agreement**

**94.** _When the_ **_terms_** _of any such contract_ , grant or other
disposition of property, or any matter required by law to be reduced to the
form of a document, **_have been proved_** _according to section 93_ , **_no
evidence of any oral agreement or statement shall be admitted_** as between
the parties to any such instrument or their representatives in interest _for
the purpose of contradicting, varying, adding to, or subtracting from its
terms_** _subject_** to the following provisions:

(_a_) any fact may be proved which would invalidate any document or which
would entitle any person to any decree or order relating thereto; such as
fraud, intimidation, illegality, want of due execution, want of capacity in
any contracting party, the fact that it is wrongly dated, want or failure of
consideration, or mistake in fact or law;

(b) the existence of any separate oral agreement, as to any matter on which a
document is silent and which is not inconsistent with its terms, may be
proved; in considering whether or not this proviso applies, the court shall
have regard to the degree of formality of the document;

(c) the existence of any separate oral agreement constituting a condition
precedent to the attaching of any obligation under any such contract, grant or
disposition of property, may be proved;

(d) the existence of any distinct subsequent oral agreement, to rescind or
modify any such contract, grant or disposition of property, may be proved
except in cases in which such contract, grant or disposition of property is by
law required to be in writing, or has been registered according to the law in
force for the time being as to the registration of documents;

(e) any usage or custom by which incidents not expressly mentioned in any
contract are usually annexed to contracts of that description may be proved;
except that the annexing of such incident would not be repugnant to or
inconsistent with the express terms of the contract;

(f) _any fact may be proved which shows in_ **_what manner the language of a
document is related to existing facts_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

48 Unlike the other provisos under s 94 of the EA which serve as specific
exceptions to the general rule in s 94 that no evidence of an oral agreement
of statement is admissible for the purpose of contradicting, varying, adding
to or subtracting from the terms of the instrument, proviso (_f_) is of
_general_ application. It permits the admission of _any fact_ which shows in
“what manner the language of a document is related to existing facts”. It is,
so to speak, a general rule which seems to permit wide recourse to extrinsic
evidence. However, we recognised in _Zurich Insurance_ that the scope and
limitation of s 94(_f_) is delineated by ss 95 to 100. In our view, ss 95 and
96 are of particular interest and importance because of their exclusionary
effect.

(B) Sections 95 and 96 of the EA and admissible extrinsic evidence

49 Sections 95 and 96 of the EA read:

**Exclusion of evidence to explain or amend ambiguous document**

**95**. When the language used in a document is on its face ambiguous or
defective, evidence may not be given of facts which would show its meaning or
supply its defects.

…

**Exclusion of evidence against application of document to existing facts**

**96**. When language used in a document is plain in itself and when it
applies accurately to existing facts, evidence may not be given to show that
it was not meant to apply to such facts.

…

50 Since the exclusionary nature of ss 95 and 96 pulls in the opposite
direction to the permissive nature of s 94(_f_), it is arguable that when s
94(_f_) is read with ss 95 and 96 as it must be, the extent of extrinsic
evidence that may be admitted under s 94(_f_) is not as extensive as one might
otherwise expect.

51 It must be recalled that the rules contained in the EA were intended to be
a codification of the common law in 1872, that being the year of the enactment
of the Indian EA. Sir James’s view on the admissibility of extrinsic evidence
to influence the interpretation of a written document was generally strict
(_An Introduction to the Indian Evidence Act_ at p 178):

One single principle runs through all the propositions relating to documentary
evidence. It is that the very object for which writing is used is to
perpetuate the memory of what is written down, and so to furnish permanent
proof of it. In order that full effect may be given to this, two things are
necessary, namely, that the document itself should whenever it is possible be
put before the Judge for his inspection, and that if it purports to be a final
settlement of a previous negotiation, as in the case of a written contract, it
shall be treated as final; and shall not be varied by word of mouth. _If the
first of these rules were not observed the benefit of writing would be lost.
There is no use in writing a thing down unless the writing is read. If the
second rule were not observed people would never known when a question was
settled, as they would be able to play fast and loose with their writings_.

By bearing these leading principles in mind the details and _exceptions_ will
become simple _. Their practical importance is indeed as nothing in comparison
to the importance of the rules which they qualify._

[emphasis added]

This excerpt should be taken to be referring to ss 93 to 100, even if Sir
James did not give a section-by-section commentary on the Indian EA. The
reference to “exceptions” is likely a reference to the provisos in s 94, as
well as ss 97 to 100, which permit the admission of extrinsic evidence to a
limited degree.

52 What exactly did Sir James intend to be caught by the exclusionary
provisions, _viz_ , ss 95 and 96 of the EA? In his commentary on Art 98 of the
Bill (see [41] above) which is substantively similar to ss 94 to 99 of the EA,
Sir James referred to several English cases to explain his concerns, and two
of these are instructive in ascertaining not just his stance generally towards
the admissibility of extrinsic evidence, but also and more pertinently, the
main type of extrinsic evidence that he had intended to preclude by way of ss
95 and 96.

(C) Parol Evidence of subjective intent and other Extrinsic Evidence

53 In the first case, _Charter v Charter_ (1871) 2 LR 2 P & D 315 (“ _Charter_
”), a testator appointed as his executor “[his] son Forster Charter”. However,
at the time of the making of the will, he had no son of that name. He had two
sons. The older son was William Forster (who was always addressed as
“William”), and the younger son was Charles Charter. The testator did have a
son called Forster Charter, but that son had died in infancy many years before
the will was made. When the testator died, probate was granted to the older
son. The younger son challenged this, seeking to admit extrinsic evidence,
which included an affidavit made by family members and independent witnesses
setting out declarations of the testator made at the time of and subsequent to
the date of the making of the will. The older son objected to the admission of
such evidence on the ground that there was no ambiguity, and absent this,
parol evidence could not be admitted.

54 Lord Penzance rejected this contention. Referring to a principle laid down
by Lord Abinger in _Doe D Simon Hiscocks v John Hiscocks_ (1839) 5 M & W 363
(“ _Hiscocks_ ”), Lord Penzance held (at 317–318):

It is beyond dispute, that _evidence as to the circumstances_ under which the
testator wrote his will, as to the different names and circumstances of the
people about him, and other surrounding matters, _is admissible_ in such a
case. ... so that I am at liberty to put myself in the position of the
testator in order, from the surrounding circumstances, _to judge under what
state of things he wrote his will_. [emphasis added]

However, Lord Penzance did not stop there, for this principle by Lord Abinger
was one of general application rather than one governing the admissibility of
the declarations of the testator, which was the real issue in the case. As to
that, Lord Penzance held (at 324):

And if there has been a mistake, whether of omission or otherwise, in
consequence of which neither of the two sons is distinctly or accurately
described, _is not an ambiguity created_ ; and is any other course open to the
Court, _if the rest of the will and the surrounding circumstances do not solve
the difficulty_ , **_than to admit parol evidence of the testator’s
intention?_** [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

55 Three points are clear. First, the admissibility of surrounding
circumstances to place the court in the position of the party which drafted
the instrument (dealt with in the first extract quoted at [54] above) is a
separate and distinct question from whether parol evidence of the drafter’s
subjective intention (dealt with in the second extract quoted at [54] above)
may be admitted. Evidence of surrounding circumstances is admissible without
restriction. Second, ambiguity is required before the court would be permitted
to admit parol evidence of the drafter’s intentions. Third, if surrounding
circumstances are sufficient to resolve the interpretative exercise, there
would be no ambiguity and such parol evidence should not be admitted.

56 Even so, Sir James had misgivings over Lord Penzance’s decision to admit
the declarations of the testator’s intentions: _Stephen’s Digest_ at pp
210–211. He contrasted _Charter_ to a subsequent case, _Allgood v Blake_
(1873) LR 8 Ex 160 (“ _Allgood_ ”), and also pointed out that when _Charter_
went on appeal (_William Forster Charter v Charles Charter_ (1874) LR 7 HL 364
(“ _Charter (HL)_ ”), the House of Lords unanimously disapproved of Lord
Penzance’s decision to admit evidence of the testator’s declarations of
intention.

57 In _Charter (HL)_ , Lord Chelmsford (at 370) rejected evidence of the
testator’s intentions on the basis that this was not a case that featured the
sort of ambiguity that would be required for such evidence to be admitted.
Citing Sir James Wigram, _An Examination of the Rules of Law Respecting the
Admission of Extrinsic Evidence in aid of the Interpretation of Wills_
(Butterworths, 4th Ed, 1858) (“ _Wigram_ ”) at p 160, Lord Chelmsford held (at
370–371) that extrinsic evidence “including proof of declarations of
intention” was only admissible when the description of the person or thing in
the written instrument was applicable to each of several subjects. To Lord
Chelmsford, the kind of ambiguity, which was necessary before extrinsic
evidence that goes to proof of intention would be permitted, is _latent_
ambiguity. In Lord Hatherly’s words (at 375), no “doubt or ambiguity exists in
applying the words of the will, so as to authorize _(sic)_ the introduction of
parol evidence to solve that doubt”. There was no doubt or ambiguity because
one son had the name “Forster” and the other did not. He went on to explain
(at 376) that Lord Penzance had miscarried in admitting “evidence of
declarations of intention by the testator”.

58 Lord Cairns LC too held (at 376– 377):

… [T]his is not a case in which _any parol evidence of statements of the
testator_ , as to whom he intended to benefit, or supposed he had benefited,
by his will, can be received. The learned Judge of the Probate Court, Lord
Penzance, appears to have admitted evidence of this description, although he
states that his judgment would have been the same if the evidence had been
excluded. I am of opinion that it ought to have been excluded. _The only case
in which evidence of this kind can be received is where the description of the
legatee, or of the thing bequeathed, is equally applicable in all its parts to
two persons, or to two things_. That clearly cannot be said of the present
case. [original italics omitted; emphasis added]

59 Therefore, under the common law in the late 19th century, the parol
evidence rule precluded admissibility of evidence of the _intention_ of the
drafter save where the expression in the instrument was latently ambiguous.
That there was this distinction between latent and patent ambiguity is
unexceptional, as the textbooks of that time also confirm: Joseph Chitty,
_Treatise on the Law of Contracts, and upon the Defences to Actions Thereron_
(John Archibald Russell ed) (H. Sweet, 9th Ed, 1871) (“ _Chitty_ ”) at p 98; C
G Addison, _Addison on Contracts Being a Treatise on the Law of Contracts_
(Lewis Cave ed) (Stevens, Sons & Warwick, 7th Ed, 1875) (“ _Addison_ ”) at pp
165–166.

60 This is an apposite point at which to return to _Allgood_ , which Sir James
thought was inconsistent with Lord Penzance’s holding in _Charter_. Quoting
Blackburn J’s judgment in _Allgood_ , Sir James said (_Stephen’s Digest_ at p
211):

... No doubt, in many cases the testator has, for the moment, forgotten or
overlooked the material facts and circumstances which he well knew. And the
consequence sometimes is that he uses words which express an intention which
he would not have wished to express, and would have altered if he had been
reminded of the facts and circumstances. _But the Court is to construe the
will as made by the testator, not to make a will for him; and therefore it is
bound to execute his expressed intention, even if there is great reason to
believe that he has by blunder expressed what he did not mean_. [emphasis
added]

61 It might at first be thought that the italicised portion in the latter part
of the excerpt at [60] above reflects Sir James’s preference for a more
restrictive approach to the admissibility of extrinsic evidence so as to also
exclude evidence of surrounding circumstances. However, one must not lose
sight of the context in which Sir James referred to _Allgood_. He was only
concerned with evidence of _expressions of intentions_ and not extrinsic
evidence in the general sense. This is unmistakable as he had prefaced his
discussion on _Charter_ , _Allgood_ and _Charter (HL)_ with the opening
observation (_Stephen’s Digest_ at p 210) that “[i]t is difficult to justify
the line drawn between the rule as to cases in which evidence of _expressions
of intention_ is admitted and cases in which it is rejected”. Nowhere in his
judgment in _Allgood_ was Blackburn J suggesting that background circumstances
are inadmissible. On the contrary, he said (at 162):

As is said in Wigram on Extrinsic Evidence, p. 9: “The question in expounding
a will is not what the testator meant, as distinguished from what his words
express, but simply what is the meaning of his words.” _But we think that the
meaning of words varies according to the circumstances of and concerning which
they are used_. [emphasis added]

62 Sir James was cognisant of the principle espoused _in Allgood_ , as
evidenced by his observation below which prefaced the excerpt at [60] above
(_Stephen’s Digest_ at p 211):

[T]he rule is stated by Blackburn J., as follows: “In construing a will, the
Court is entitled to put itself in the position of the testator, and to
_consider all material facts and circumstances known to the testator_ with
reference to which he is to be taken to have used the words in the will, and
then to _declare what is the intention evidenced by the words used with
reference to those facts and circumstances which were (or ought to have been)
in the mind of the testator_ when he used those words”. ... [emphasis added]

63 Our view that the common law at that time permitted the admission of
extrinsic evidence of surrounding circumstances to aid in the interpretation
of words used in a contract is confirmed by both contract and evidence law
textbooks of that time: _Chitty_ at p 72; _Addison_ at pp 164–165; John
William Smith, _The Law of Contracts_ (Vincent T Thompson ed) (Stevens and
Sons, 6th Ed, 1874) at pp 484–486; Simon Greenleaf, _A Treatise on the Law of
Evidence_ vol I (Charles C Little & James Brown, 3rd Ed, 1846) at para 277;
_Wigram_ at pp 95–95. There is therefore no doubt in our minds that the EA,
which codified the common law position at that time, also permits the
admissibility of extrinsic evidence of surrounding circumstances. This is
effected by s 94(_f_) of the EA.

64 A lingering question remains: what exactly is extrinsic evidence of
surrounding circumstances that is admissible without restriction under s
94(_f_) of the EA? The short answer, as suggested by the cases referred to by
Sir James, would be such extrinsic evidence of “facts and circumstances which
were (or ought to have been) in the mind of the [drafter] when he used those
words” (see [62] above). Parol evidence of the drafter’s subjective intention
does not constitute such surrounding circumstances. Of course, the line
between these two types of evidence may not always be clear, but that is an
issue that can be developed through case-law.

65 Where then does this leave us in relation to the robust approach? The
following propositions seem clear:

(a) First, the admissibility of extrinsic evidence generally is governed by
the rules of evidence and not by the rules of contractual interpretation
(which are governed by the substantive law of contract).

(b) Second, the rules governing the admissibility of extrinsic evidence in
Singapore are to be found first in the EA, then in the common law.

(c) Third, the general admissibility of extrinsic evidence under s 94(_f_) of
the EA must be read together with the exclusionary provisions of the EA, in
particular, ss 95 and 96.

(d) Fourth, extrinsic evidence of surrounding circumstances is generally
admissible under s 94(_f_). However, it was and properly remains the position
that extrinsic evidence in the form of parol evidence of the drafter’s
intentions is generally inadmissible unless it can in some way be brought
within the exceptions in ss 97 to 100.

The common law litigation process

66 As alluded to earlier at [38] above, the EA is not the only constraint on
the wholesale adoption of the robust approach in Singapore law. In our view,
there are significant features of the common law litigation process which also
militate against the unqualified acceptance of the robust approach.
Specifically, the adversarial process leaves it to the parties to seek to
admit any evidence which they think might be helpful to their case. This can
induce the parties to seek to admit a tsunami of evidence, leaving it to the
judge to sift through what is relevant or irrelevant, admissible or
inadmissible, useful or useless. In _Zurich Insurance_ , we referred to _Wire
TV Ltd v CableTel (UK) Ltd_ [1998] CLC 244 (“ _CableTel_ ”) where Lightman J
lamented (at 257):

A very large part of the flood of evidence in this case on the factual matrix
in which the agreement is to be construed was legally inadmissible and the
greater part of the remainder was totally unhelpful. I had to spend over half
a day hearing argument as a prelude to striking out the bulk of the witness
statements before me as containing material ... which should never have been
or remained there.

67 Indeed, Lord Hoffmann himself recognised the practical knock-on effects of
an overly robust approach towards admitting extrinsic evidence. In
_Chartbrook_ , he explained (at [34]–[38]) that it was pragmatism and policy
considerations which militate against the admission of evidence of pre-
contractual negotiations and subsequent conduct under English law:

34 It therefore follows that while it is true that, as Lord Wilberforce said,
inadmissibility is normally based in irrelevance, there will be cases in which
it can be justified only on pragmatic grounds. I must consider these grounds,
which have been explored in detail in the literature and on the whole rejected
by academic writers but supported by some practitioners.

35 _The first is that the admission of pre-contractual negotiations would
create greater uncertainty of outcome in disputes over interpretation and add
to the cost of advice, litigation or arbitration. Everyone engaged in the
exercise would have to read the correspondence and statements would have to be
taken from those who took part in oral negotiations. Not only would this be
time-consuming and expensive but the scope for disagreement over whether the
material affected the construction of the agreement ... would be considerably
increased..._

36 There is certainly a view in the profession that the less one has to resort
to any form of background in aid of interpretation, the better. _The document
should so far as possible speak for itself_. As Popham CJ said in the
_Countess of Rutland’s Case_ (1604) 5 Co Rep 25b, 26a:

“[I]t would be inconvenient, that matters in writing made by advice and on
consideration, and which finally import the certain truth of the agreement of
the parties should be controlled by averment of the parties to be proved by
the uncertain testimony of slippery memory.”

...

38 _Like Lord Bingham, I rather doubt whether the ICS case produced a dramatic
increase in the amount of material produced by way of background for the
purposes of contractual interpretation_. But pre-contractual negotiations seem
to me capable of raising practical questions different from those created by
other forms of background. Whereas the surrounding circumstances are, by
definition, objective facts, which will usually be uncontroversial,
_statements in the course of pre-contractual negotiations will be drenched in
subjectivity and may, if oral, be very much in dispute. It is often not easy
to distinguish between those statements which (if they were made at all)
merely reflect the aspirations of one or other of the parties and those which
embody at least a provisional consensus which may throw light on the meaning
of the contract which was eventually concluded. But the imprecision of the
line between negotiation and provisional agreement is the very reason why in
every case of dispute over interpretation, one or other of the parties is
likely to require a court or arbitrator to take the course of negotiations
into account._ Your Lordships’ experience in the analogous case of resort to
statements in Hansard under the rule in  _Pepper v Hart_ [1993] AC 593
suggests that _such evidence will be produced in any case in which there is
the remotest chance that it may be accepted and that even these cases will be
only the tip of a mountain of discarded but expensive investigation. Pepper v
Hart_ has also encouraged ministers and others to make statements in the hope
of influencing the construction which the courts will give to a statute and it
is possible that negotiating parties will be encouraged to improve the bundle
of correspondence with similar statements.

[emphasis added]

68 There is considerable force in these concerns. The Honourable James Jacob
Spigelman, then Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New South Wales
(“Spigelman CJ”), quite recently echoed these concerns. Having noted the
common law’s drift towards the civil law approach to contractual construction,
he argued forcefully that, from a practical and economic perspective, there is
cause to reconsider its wisdom (James Spigelman, “Contractual Interpretation:
A Comparative Perspective”, 3rd Judicial Seminar on Commercial Litigation
(Sydney, 23 March 2011) (“ _Spigelman_ ”) at pp 58–60):

**Cost and Efficiency**

The expanded scope for introducing evidence of the factual matrix happened to
coincide with technological developments which reduced the cost of multiple
photocopying and, soon thereafter, the introduction of word processing, which
multiplied the number of drafts, followed by the adoption of email which
multiplied the number of written communications and the comparative
indestructibility of hard drives which meant that no draft or communication
was ever lost. Lord Wilberforce could not have anticipated this.

The combined effect of these developments led to an explosion in the
documentation involved in litigation, so that, in Australia, barristers, who
even in 1980 would receive commercial briefs wrapped in pink ribbon, were soon
presented with multiple spring back folders and, subsequently, trolley loads
of documents. The costs of litigation escalated accordingly, to a degree
which, in my opinion, is not sustainable.

...

Of all the arguments against maintaining a restrictive approach to the
extrinsic material available for contractual interpretation on practical
grounds of cost and delay, it is the proliferation of these alternative means
for altering the effect of a written contract that I find the most compelling.

69 Spigelman CJ further explained that there are inherent “control valves”
within the civil law system that allow an expansive approach to construction
to work (_Spigelman_ at pp 61–63):

However, as a matter of civil justice practice the potentially adverse effects
of the civil law subjection [_sic_] intention theory, together with the
adoption of good faith as a term of all contracts, is substantially mitigated
by two considerations. _First, in practice civil law courts appear to be
reluctant to go behind a written contract, as discussed above. Secondly, a
party to a dispute resolution process is generally confined to its own
documents, including anything exchanged with the other party. General
discovery is not available, let alone the intrusive interrogation of hard
drives in the search for deleted drafts and emails which has become common
practice in Australian commercial dispute resolution._

...

I have no difficulty with a contextual approach to interpretation which
restricts the relevant background to what was in the mutual contemplation of
the parties as evidenced by communications between them or by what must have
been obvious to both of them. The practical difficulties that have emerged
arise primarily from adversarial litigation attempting to prove what was in
such mutual contemplation by evidence of the knowledge of each, even if
uncommunicated. _Discovery is used, relevantly, to reveal the internal
communications of the other side and thereby establish parallel, albeit
uncommunicated, knowledge. Contemporary practice, at least in Australia, has
rendered that process too expensive. In this, as so often, the perfect is the
enemy of the good._

Those jurisdictions which have moved close to the civil law subjective
intention theory should carefully consider adopting the related aspects of
civil law practice. This may not be limited to abolition of a right to
discovery but extend to other aspects of the adversarial system.

[emphasis added]

70 We find Spigelman CJ’s words of caution cogent and relevant. The shaping of
the law is an exercise that must not lose congruence with its surrounding
social, political and economic context. The shift towards an expansive theory
of contextual construction has not always been accompanied by evidentiary
discipline and procedural rigour. Not infrequently, we see litigants seeking
to admit all manner of evidence under the guise of the context without any
governing rules of engagement. Of course, one would expect judges to have
varied experiences with the incidence of overwhelming documents. For instance,
Lord Bingham of Cornhill and Arden LJ thought that Lightman J’s experience in
_CableTel_ (see [66] above) was the exception rather than the norm: see Lord
Bingham of Cornhill, “A New Thing Under the Sun? The Interpretation of
Contracts and the ICS Decision” [2008] 12 Edin LR 374 at 387–388 and _Egan v
Static Control Components (Europe) Ltd_ [2004] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 429 at [29]. So
too does Rajah JA, writing extra-judicially in “Redrawing the Boundaries of
Contractual Interpretation: From Text to Context to Pre-text and Beyond”
[2010] 22 SAcLJ 513 at para 39.

71 In our judgment, courts must achieve justice and fairness by protecting the
individual against an unduly strict construction of a document that does not
fairly represent the intentions of the parties. However, this worthwhile
objective can be perverted if the proverbial grain is not separated from the
chaff. As Spigelman CJ has cautioned in another article, “Extrinsic Material
and the Interpretation of Insurance Contracts” (2011) 22 Insurance Law Journal
143 at 145, the greater the scope of materials relevant to an issue of
construction that can be taken into account, the greater the scope for
differences between legal advisors charged with the task of construing a
contract when a dispute is looming. This, in turn, causes greater uncertainty
for the parties and increases the time and cost of legal proceedings.

72 From this perspective, a robust approach unaccompanied by sufficient
safeguards may be counterproductive. More fog, not less, might ensue. In our
judgment, it is time to refine our approach by synchronising our rules of
pleading and evidence with the contextual approach to contractual construction
laid down in _Zurich Insurance_. This is necessary because the broad language
associated with the contextual approach is susceptible to being misunderstood
and misapplied. The utility of the contextual approach is to place the court
in the best possible position to ascertain the parties’ objective intentions
by interpreting the expressions used by the parties in the relevant instrument
in their proper context; it is not a licence to admit all manner of extrinsic
evidence. To do otherwise would be to ignore the salutary words of caution in
_Zurich Insurance_ (at [127] and [129]):

127 Thus, the extrinsic material sought to be admitted must always go towards
proof of what the parties, from an objective viewpoint, ultimately agreed
upon. ... _[T]he focus on the narrow task of ascertaining the parties’
objective intention ought to prevent parties from adducing or trawling through
large amounts of allegedly useful background material, often in misguided
Micawberian attempts to persuade a court to favour their subjective
interpretations of the contract_. ...

129 We have already emphasised the importance of contractual certainty ... In
our view, the benefits of adopting ... the contextual approach to contractual
interpretation (_viz_ , flexibility and accord with commercial common sense)
will be maximised and its costs (_viz_ , increased uncertainty and added
litigation costs) minimised if, as a threshold requirement for the court’s
adoption of a different interpretation from that suggested by the plain
language of the contract, the context of the contract should be clear and
obvious. ... _It is necessary and desirable to lay down this threshold
requirement in order to achieve the right balance between commercial certainty
and the imperative of giving effect to the objective intentions of the
contracting parties_.

[emphasis added]

73 We hasten to add that although the contextual approach is most frequently
engaged in the context of interpretation, this is not to say that the
contextual approach is irrelevant when it comes to other aspects of
construction such as implication or rectification. Indeed, it is trite that
the court must have regard to the context at the time of contracting when
considering the issue of implication. Therefore, to buttress the evidentiary
qualifications to the contextual approach to the construction of a contract,
the imposition of four requirements of civil procedure are, in our view,
timely and essential:

(a) first, parties who contend that the factual matrix is relevant to the
construction of the contract must plead with specificity each fact of the
factual matrix that they wish to rely on in support of their construction of
the contract;

(b) second, the factual circumstances in which the facts in (a) were known to
both or all the relevant parties must also be pleaded with sufficient
particularity;

(c) third, parties should in their pleadings specify the effect which such
facts will have on their contended construction; and

(d) fourth, the obligation of parties to disclose evidence would be limited by
the extent to which the evidence are relevant to the facts pleaded in (a) and
(b).

74 These four requirements are entirely consonant with the limits prescribed
in _Zurich Insurance_ at [132(d)] that for extrinsic evidence to be
admissible, it must be “relevant, reasonably available to all the contracting
parties and [must relate] to a clear or obvious context”. Further, this would
go some way towards ameliorating the practical concerns we have traced above.
In general, extrinsic facts that are placed before the court in a manner that
is not consistent with the above requirements will not be accorded any weight
when a court is construing a contract. Adverse cost consequences may also be
imposed, where appropriate. We are mindful that the courts cannot actively
police the parties in the documents that they voluntarily disclose.
Conversely, we should not be thought, in any way, to be inviting parties or
their counsel to withhold relevant documents. The key point is that parties
should be clear about the specific aspects and purpose of the factual matrix
which they intend to rely on. These pleading requirements should result in the
evidence on the record being aligned accordingly.

75 Before leaving this issue, we make one final observation. Asst Prof Goh
has, after a comprehensive survey of the historical literature on the law
governing the admissibility of prior negotiations, argued that the seemingly
blanket exclusionary rule against the admissibility of prior negotiations was
a product of a historical misstep by the courts and is inconsistent with the
EA: Goh Yihan, “The Case for Departing From the Exclusionary Rule Against
Prior Negotiations in the Interpretation of Contracts in Singapore” (2013) 25
SAcLJ 182. We prefer to leave for another occasion the consideration of
whether this argument is to be accepted in principle; and if so, whether
evidence of prior negotiations should nonetheless be excluded as irrelevant or
unhelpful for the policy reasons set out by Lord Hoffmann in _Chartbrook_ at
[34]–[38]; or on the ground that it may amount to parol evidence of subjective
intent and not fall within ss 97 to 100 of the EA. Whichever way that may
eventually be resolved, any future attempt to rely on such material should be
made with full consciousness of the concerns already expressed and in
compliance with the pleading requirements we have just prescribed.

Implication of terms in fact

76 We turn to the analysis of the law on the implication of terms in fact in
Singapore. This was the subject of our very recent decision in _Foo Jong Peng_
where we made several important observations, most notably rejecting the
approach taken by Lord Hoffmann in _Belize_. We recognise that there are still
some doubts over this difficult and controversial area of contract law. Before
_Belize_ , there was little doubt over the applicable test for the implication
of terms in fact. However, _Belize_ , as Asst Prof Goh has pointed out, has
introduced conceptual uncertainty and its application has not been uniform in
the English courts: _Goh (JBL)_ at 240–242. We therefore take this opportunity
to supplement what we have said in _Foo Jong Peng_.

Foo Jong Peng and Belize revisited

77 Lord Hoffmann’s propositions in _Belize_ have often been cited as
representing an “interpretative” approach to the implication of terms: Paul S
Davies, “Recent Developments in the Law of Implied Terms” [2010] LMCLQ 140;
Lord Grabiner QC, “The Iterative Process of Contractual Interpretation” (2012)
LQR 41 at 59; _Crema v Cenkos Securities plc_ [2011] 1 WLR 2066 at [37]–[39];
_Chantry Estates v Anderson_ [2010] EWCA Civ 316 at [14]–[16]. On the premise
that _Belize_ subsumes implication within the process of interpretation as we
have defined (see [27]–[28] above), we reiterate our position in _Foo Jong
Peng_ that _Belize_ is not part of Singapore law.

78 In _Foo Jong Peng_ , we recognised (at [31] and [36]) that it is possible
to fit the implication of terms within the concept of interpretation “in a
more general sense”, which is what we have referred to above as construction
of the document as a whole. This may be contrasted with “the interpretation of
the express terms of a particular document”:

31 As we shall see, the observations in _MFM_ , although rendered by way of
_obiter dicta_ , are significant inasmuch as they embody what is, with
respect, the fundamental difficulty with the _Belize_ test. And it is that
_whilst the process of implication (of terms) is, when viewed in a more
general sense_ , **_also a process of interpretation_** , _the process of
implication itself is, in the final analysis, just one specific conception of
the broader concept of “interpretation”_. In particular, the process of
implication is separate and distinct from the more general process relating to
the interpretation of documents. ... Hence, the implication of a term, whether
in fact or in law ... involves tests as well as techniques that are not only
specific, but also different from those which operate in relation to the
interpretation of documents in general and the (express) terms contained
therein in particular ... The (general) concept of “interpretation” has much
in common with the implication of terms inasmuch as both entail an objective
approach. _However, it is, in our view, incorrect to conflate the tests as
well as techniques which accompany both the aforementioned processes_. ...

36 In summary, although the process of the implication of terms does involve
the concept of interpretation, it entails a _specific form or conception of
interpretation_ which is _separate and distinct from the more general process
of interpretation_ (in particular, interpretation of the express terms of a
particular document). ...

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

79 In our judgment, it is possible to bridge the gap with _Belize_ on this
point, if one concludes that Lord Hoffmann was saying that the implication of
terms is to be seen as part of the overall process of _construing the document
as a whole_ , and no more. In this regard, it is pertinent that the relevant
passages in _Belize_ do not use the word “interpretation”, but rather,
“construction”. Moreover, they also speak of the construction of the
instrument or document as a whole rather than of specific express terms: see
especially _Belize_ at [16]–[19], [21], [25] and [27].

80 Indeed, this seems to be how Lord Clarke of Stone-Cum-Ebony MR explained
_Belize_ in _Mediterranean Salvage & Towage Ltd v Seamar Trading & Commerce
Inc (The “Reborn”)_ [2009] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 639 (“ _Seamar Trading_ ”) at [9] and
[15]:

9\. It repays detailed study but for present purposes it is I think sufficient
to say that _the implication of a term is an_** _exercise in the construction
of the contract as a whole_** : see  _Trollope & Colls Limited v North West
Metropolitan Hospital Board_ [1973] 1 WLR 601, 609 per Lord Pearson, with whom
Lord Guest and Lord Diplock agreed and  _Equitable Life Assurance Society v
Hyman_ [2002] 1 AC 405, 459 ...

15\. It is thus clear that the various formulations of the test identified by
Lord Simon are to be treated as different ways of saying much the same thing.
Moreover, as I read Lord Hoffmann's analysis, _although he is emphasising that
the process of implication is_** _part of the process of construction of the
contract_** , _he is not in any way resiling from the often stated proposition
that it must be necessary to imply the proposed term. ..._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

81 As Lord Clarke noted in [9] of _Seamar Trading_ , Lord Hoffmann in _Belize_
had referred approvingly to _Hyman_ , where Lord Steyn had categorically held
(at 458) that the processes of interpretation and implication must be
distinguished:

_It is necessary to distinguish between the processes of interpretation and
implication. The purpose of interpretation is to assign to the language of the
text the most appropriate meaning which the words can legitimately bear_. The
language of article 65(1) contains no relevant express restriction on the
powers of the directors. It is impossible to assign to the language of article
65(1) by construction a restriction precluding the directors from overriding
GARs. ... The critical question is whether a relevant restriction may be
implied into article 65(1). ... If a term is to be implied, it could only be a
term implied from the language of article 65 read in its particular commercial
setting. _Such implied terms operate as ad hoc gap fillers_. [emphasis added]

82 But this does not help us with the other parts of _Belize_. In so far as
Lord Hoffmann in _Belize_ proposed a standard of reasonableness for the
implication of terms, we had respectfully registered our disagreement in _Foo
Jong Peng_ (at [36]), and we reaffirm that disagreement here. The standard for
the implication of terms remains one of necessity, not reasonableness.
Reasonableness is a necessary but insufficient condition for the implication
of a term: _Reigate v Union Manufacturing Company (Ramsbottom), Limited and
Elton Dyeing Company, Limited_ [1918] 1 KB 592 (“ _Reigate_ ”) at 605.

The business efficacy and officious bystander tests

83 We turn now to consider the business efficacy and officious bystander
tests, articulated in _The Moorcock_ (1889) 14 PD 64 (“ _The Moorcock_ ”) at
68 and _Shirlaw v Southern Foundries (1926) Limited_ [1939] 2 KB 206 (“
_Shirlaw_ ”) at 227 respectively.

84 The business efficacy test is applied to identify gaps in the contract that
need to be filled for it to be commercially workable. This much was
established in _The Moorcook_ , where the plaintiff’s vessel was damaged when
docking at the defendant’s jetty. The contract required the plaintiff to bring
his vessel alongside the wharf but said nothing about any warranty that the
riverbed at that location would permit this. It was argued that a term should
be implied imposing on the defendant wharfingers a duty to exercise reasonable
care to ascertain that the riverbed adjacent to the jetty would not damage the
vessel. The court implied the term, and the business efficacy test as
conceived by Bowen LJ in the following formulation was birthed (at 68):

… Now, an implied warranty, or, as it is called, a covenant in law, as
distinguished from an express contract or express warranty, really is in all
cases founded on the presumed intention of the parties, and upon reason. The
implication which the law draws from what must obviously have been the
intention of the parties, the law draws with the object of giving efficacy to
the transaction and preventing such a failure of consideration as cannot have
been within the contemplation of either side; and I believe if one were to
take all the cases, and they are many, of implied warranties or covenants in
law, it will be found that _in all of them the law is raising an implication
from the presumed intention of the parties with the object of giving to the
transaction such efficacy as both parties must have intended that at all
events it should have. In business transactions such as this, what the law
desires to effect by the implication is to give such business efficacy to the
transaction as must have been intended at all events by both parties who are
business men; not to impose on one side all the perils of the transaction, or
to emancipate one side from all the chances of failure, but to make each party
promise in law as much, at all events, as it must have been in the
contemplation of both parties that he should be responsible for in respect of
those perils or chances_. [emphasis added]

(1) Limitations of the business efficacy test

85 The business efficacy test has its share of criticism. Indeed, MacKinnon LJ
in _Shirlaw_ expressed concern (at 227) at the trend of over – and seemingly
undue – reliance on _The Moorcock_. First, it must be remembered that the test
was propounded in the context of what must have been intended by parties to a
business transaction. But not all contracts involve commercial transactions
between businessmen. Depending on the nature of and the parties to the
contract, for instance one between family members, there could conceivably be
some other external normative standards which may be more appropriate than
business efficacy in distilling the parties’ presumed intentions.

86 Second, the business efficacy test suffers from an inherent blind spot:
what does it mean to invoke business efficacy? The efficacy of a contract or a
transaction invariably straddles a spectrum. Many contracts might, to some
degree, be efficacious and inefficacious at the same time. This explains why
the contracting parties often end up in disagreements and disputes. Even if a
contract or transaction can be said to be efficacious, there might be room for
it to be _more_ efficacious. Where then should the line be drawn? Indeed, this
was alluded to by Bowen LJ himself in _The Moorcock_ (at 69):

Now the question is how much of the peril of the safety of this berth is it
_necessary_ to assume that the shipowner and the jetty owner intended
respectively to bear – _in order that a_** _minimum of efficacy should be
secured for the transaction_** , _as both parties must have intended it to
bear?_ ... [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

87 What is the “minimum of efficacy” and why should the court stop there? Is
it the bare minimum without which, as Bowen LJ said (at 71), “business could
not be carried on”? It is also useful to note the oft-overlooked judgment of
Lord Esher MR in _The Moorcock_ in which he justified (at 67) the implication
of the term on the basis that “honest business could not [otherwise] be
carried on”. In the same breath, he framed the term necessary to be implied as
the “least onerous” one that could be implied. But why should the court stop
at implying the “least onerous” outcome or the “minimum of efficacy”? If the
court is presuming what the parties must have intended, might it not be
sensible to transpose the _most_ efficacious outcome that the parties must
have sought or could have secured?

88 The answer to these questions, we think, is to be found in the conservatism
which ensures that the court will not rewrite the contract for the parties
based on its own sense of what is fair and just: _Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh
Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR(R)
571 at [8]. As Lord Pearson said in  _Trollope & Colls Ltd v North West
Metropolitan Regional Hospital Board_ [1973] 1 WLR 601 (“ _Trollope_ ”) at
609, the court will not improve the contract which the parties have made for
themselves, however desirable the improvement might be. But the fact remains
that a rewritten bargain is a rewritten bargain, and business efficacy, as a
normative concept, is inherently imprecise. On its own, it might help identify
a gap, but it cannot supply the answer to whether a _specific_ term should be
implied. This is where the officious bystander test is instrumental.

(2) Relevance of the officious bystander test to the business efficacy test

89 We appreciate that there persists much debate amongst commentators on the
interaction between the two tests. On one end of the spectrum, as John
McCaughran QC has argued, the implication of a term to give effect to the
parties’ commercial expectations is intrinsically different from the
implication of a term which both parties would have agreed to had that term
been proposed by an officious bystander: John McCaughran QC, “Implied Terms:
The Journey of the Man on the Clapham Omnibus” (2011) 70(3) CLJ 607 at 612. On
the other hand, Professor Andrew Phang (“Prof Phang”), as he then was before
his elevation to the bench, has argued that the officious bystander test is
“the practical mode for effecting the general principle [of the business
efficacy test]”: Andrew Phang, “Implied Terms Revisited” [1990] JBL 394 at
397. Dr Richard Austen-Baker characterises the officious bystander test as an
“explanatory gloss” to the business efficacy test: Richard Austen-Baker,
“Implied Terms in English Contract Law: The Long Voyage of _The Moorcock_ ”
(2009) 38 Common Law World Review 56 at 70.

90 Nor do the judicial authorities sing a common tune, as Phang J (as he then
was) illustrated in _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte
Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927 (“ _Forefront Medical_ ”) at [34]–[39]. In so far as
the law in Singapore is concerned, we affirm the “complementarity”
characterisation of the business efficacy and officious bystander tests in
_Forefront Medical_ at [35]–[38], for the reasons provided by Phang J. As
Phang J observed at [35] of _Forefront Medical_ , Scrutton LJ in _Reigate_
clearly had in mind business efficacy as the _basis_ for the implication of a
term (_Reigate_ at 605):

A term can only be implied if it is **_necessary in the business sense to give
efficacy to the contract_** ; **_that is_** , if it is such a term that it can
confidently be said that if at the time the contract was being negotiated some
one had said of the parties, “What will happen in such a case”, they would
both have replied, _“Of course, so and so will happen; we did not trouble to
say that; it is too clear”_. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Not only was business efficacy at the forefront of Scrutton LJ’s mind, it is
also telling from the use of the words “that is” that Scrutton LJ’s
articulation of the officious bystander yardstick was intended to serve as an
elaboration of the business efficacy test. We find the following excerpt from
Jacob Petrus Vorster, “The Bases for the Implication of Contractual Terms”
(1988) Journal of South African Law 161 illuminating (at p 171):

... The absence of business efficacy is at best an indication that the parties
may have intended to agree on some unexpressed term. More than one term may
conceivably render a contract which contains a _lacuna_ , efficacious.
_Whereas the_** _business efficacy test may indicate the existence_** _of a
lacuna_ , _it_** _cannot_** _necessarily be used to_** _define the term_**
_with which the parties intended to fill the gap_. [original emphasis omitted;
emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

91 In our judgment, this excerpt precisely isolates the core of the officious
bystander test: it is the device that enables the court to define that term
which can be said to reflect the parties’ presumed intention _vis-à-vis_ the
gap in the contract. While the business efficacy test is helpful to identify
the existence of a _lacuna_ , that is to say that for the sake of the efficacy
of the contract something more needs to be added into the contract, it does
not assist in identifying what that “something more” is with any degree of
precision. That is where the officious bystander test serves an instrumental
function.

92 The business efficacy test nonetheless reminds the court that the
implementation of the officious bystander test must be conducted within the
normative framework of business efficacy as its overarching theme. In this
regard, we adopt the cogent explanation of Phang JA and Asst Prof Goh in
_Contract Law in Singapore_ (Wolters Kluwer Law and Business, 2012) at para
1063:

... [I]f the ‘officious bystander’ test is the ‘practical mode’ by which the
‘business efficacy’ test is implemented, then it seems that the ‘business
efficacy’ test is the rationale behind the ‘officious bystander’ test. An
application of the ‘officious bystander’ test needs to be informed by the
necessity for business efficacy. In fact, the ‘officious bystander’ test
itself _refers back_ to the ‘business efficacy’ test because it does not
matter what the officious bystander thinks about the implication of the term.
The role of the officious bystander is simply to suggest a term, and the true
test is whether the parties _themselves_ would suppress that suggestion with a
common ‘Oh, of course!’. **_Whether the parties would so suppress the
officious bystander can only be decided with a normative reference point_** ,
and it is suggested that the ‘business efficacy’ test here _guides_ the
parties’ response to the officious bystander. **_Thus, only if a court thinks
that the parties would, out of necessity for business efficacy, suppress the
officious bystander’s suggestion with those famous words, would the court
imply the term concerned_**. ... [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis
added in bold italics]

(3) The law on implied terms in Singapore

93 In the light of these observations, we summarise our views on the
implication of terms into a contract. First, this process is best understood
as an exercise in giving effect to the parties’ _presumed_ intentions. It is
presumed because the parties have not expressed any words, which are capable
of bearing the meaning sought to be achieved by the implied term. Were there
to be any express words, that would be a matter of interpretation, not
implication: see [27]–[30] above. It is thus an exercise in filling the gaps
in the contract. But in doing so, it is of paramount importance that the
courts do so with due regard to what the _parties_ would be presumed to have
intended.

94 This leads us to the second point. Although the prayer to imply a term
might imply that there is a gap in a contract, which needs to be filled, not
all gaps in a contract are “true” gaps in the sense that they can be remedied
by the implication of a term. There are at least three ways in which a gap
could arise:

(a) the parties did not contemplate the issue at all and so left a gap;

(b) the parties contemplated the issue but chose not to provide a term for it
because they mistakenly thought that the express terms of the contract had
adequately addressed it; and

(c) the parties contemplated the issue but chose not to provide any term for
it because they could not agree on a solution.

95 In our view, scenario (a) is the only instance where it would be
appropriate for the court to even consider if it will imply a term into the
parties’ contract (see _Socimer International Bank Ltd (In Liquidation) v
Standard Bank London Ltd (No 2)_ [2008] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 558 at [105]). This
pertains to what the parties would be presumed to have agreed on had the gap
been pointed out to them at the time of the contract. Scenario (c) is not a
proper instance for implication because the parties had actually considered
the gap but were unable to agree and therefore left the gap as it was. To
imply a term would go against their _actual_ intentions.

96 Scenario (b), also, is not a proper situation in which to imply a term.
What drives this scenario is not the parties’ _presumed_ intentions, but
rather their objectively ascertained _actual_ intentions. Oftentimes, what is
sought to be corrected through the process of implication is the mistaken
belief that “the document accurately records the transaction” (see for
instance, _Etablissements Georges et Paul Levy v Adderley Navigation Co Panama
SA (The “Olympic Pride”)_ [1980] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 67 at 72). The proper remedy
for such a situation is the rectification of the instrument in equity: see
_Codelfa Construction Prop Ltd v State Rail Authority of New South Wales_
(1982) 149 CLR 337 at 348.

97 We note the suggestion of some commentators that rectification has been
swallowed up by the contextual approach to interpretation, following _ICS_ and
_Chartbrook_ : Andrew Burrows, “Construction and Rectification” in _Contract
Terms_ ch 5 at pp 90–91; and Sir Richard Buxton, “Construction’ and
Rectification after Chartbrook” [2010] CLJ 253 at 260–262. It follows from the
analytical clarification we have restated above, that in our judgment,
rectification continues to serve a useful role and purpose in the common law.
We note that the English Court of Appeal recently expressed similar views in
_Cherry Tree Investments Ltd v Landmain Ltd_ [2013] 1 Ch 305 at [73], [98] and
[120].

98 Third, the business efficacy and officious bystander tests used in
conjunction and complementarily remain the prevailing approach for the
implication of terms under Singapore law. We note that the multi-pronged
formulation advanced in _BP Refinery (Westernport) Pty Limited v Shire of
Hastings_ (1977) 180 CLR 266 (“ _BP Refinery_ ”) which builds on these tests
has gained some favour: see _Philips Electronique_ at 481. In _BP Refinery_ ,
the court held (at 282–283) that in addition to business efficacy and
obviousness, the implied term must be reasonable and equitable, capable of
clear expression; and not contradict any express term of the contract. But
these additional requirements – if they may be called that – simply restate
the basic overriding principle that a term is not to be implied into a
contract lightly. It goes without saying that a term that is not reasonable,
not equitable, unclear, or that contradicts an express term of the contract,
will not be implied. Such a term will necessarily fail the officious bystander
test.

99 Fourth, there may be more than one legal basis on which it may be
determined that a particular term accords with the parties’ presumed
intentions. The external normative basis that the court usually has recourse
to is business efficacy, but the door might not be closed to other bases.
Business efficacy is clearly favoured in the commercial context as it is safe
to assume that commercial parties are rational, and as such, seek business
efficacy in their transaction.

100 Fifth, the threshold for implying a term is necessarily a high one. The
law remains that a term will only be implied if it is _necessary_. In so far
as necessity is a concept that is already built into the business efficacy and
officious bystander tests (_Foo Jong Peng_ at [33]), our decision does not
alter the high threshold required to imply in a term under existing law.

101 It follows from these points that the implication of terms is to be
considered using a three-step process:

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at time
of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then,
the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

Our decision in CA 75

The implication of the Equality Premise Clause into the JVA and PPL Shipyard’s
Articles of Association

The first step

102 Applying the first step of the approach that we have set out above (at
[101]), it is firstly necessary to ascertain whether there is a gap that is
sought to be filled by the Equality Premise Clause (see [17(c)] above) and if
so, whether it exists because the parties did not address themselves to this.

(1) Scope of the Equality Premise Clause

103 It can be inferred from the Equality Premise Clause that the gap in the
contract, at least on Sembcorp’s case, is the absence of any provision(s) in
either the JVA or in PPL Shipyard’s Articles of Association which sets out the
consequences, if either Sembcorp or PPL Holdings ceased to hold at least 50%
of share capital of PPL Shipyard, on “such provisions that are premised upon
the existence of equal shareholding of Sembcorp and PPL Holdings in PPL
Shipyard”.

104 As a preliminary observation, the JVA and PPL Shipyard’s Articles of
Association are two separate instruments. Although the former prompted the
amendments in the latter, _ie_ the Consequential Articles, the provisions,
substantially similar as they are, are not identical. Nevertheless, both sides
in the present appeals have approached their submissions on both instruments
on the same footing. Although the bulk of the parties’ submissions are devoted
to the JVA, it is evident to us that the conclusion which they have
respectively put forth on the implication of the Equality Premise Clause
covers both the JVA and PPL Shipyard’s Articles of Association. In other
words, if the Equality Premise Clause can be implied into the JVA, it will
concomitantly be capable of being implied into the PPL Shipyard’s Articles of
Association, and vice versa. We also note that PPL Shipyard and E-Interface
have correctly refrained from contending that a term may not be implied into a
company’s articles of association (see _Belize, Hyman_ and Robin Hollington
QC, _Shareholders’ Rights_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2010) at para 3-09).

105 Against that background, we turn to the facts. We had some difficulties
with the framing of the Equality Premise Clause. Sembcorp in this appeal as
well as in the proceedings below did not spell out clearly what the affected
provisions are. The Judge found (at [101] of the Judgment) that “such
provisions” are those set out at paragraph 15 of the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 3) dated 29 July 2011 (“Statement of Claim”) and called these
the “Equality Provisions” (at [100] of the Judgment). However, if the Equality
Provisions are indeed those contained in paragraph 15 of the Statement of
Claim, it is clear that some of the Equality Provisions would not be affected
by a change in shareholding. For instance, one of the Equality Provisions is
said to be cl 4.2 of the JVA (see [7] above). But cl 4.2 simply provides that
the share capital shall be held in the proportions of 50% each unless
otherwise agreed to in writing. If there is a change in shareholding because
Sembcorp agrees to purchase shares from PPL Holdings, it is difficult to
conceive why cl 4.2 would cease to apply and subsist as a result of the
unequal shareholding. The clause would still subsist though in fact the
parties would have “otherwise agreed”.

106 Next, it would be odd if the remaining ten Equality Provisions identified
by Sembcorp were the _only_ provisions in the entire JVA subject to the
Equality Premise Clause. For instance, cll 8.1 to 8.7 which come under the
title “Operational Support” might equally be said to rest on equal
shareholding and on that basis the same argument might be mounted that they
are “such provisions” that should cease to apply in the event of unequal
shareholding. On a closer examination of the Statement of Claim, the
uncertainty in the scope of the Equality Premise Clause comes yet more
forcefully to the fore. Sembcorp pleaded (at paragraph 37) that upon
acquisition of a total of 85% in the issued and paid up share capital of PPL
Shipyard:

… The provisions of the Joint Venture Agreement that ceased to apply and
subsist _included, but were not limited to, the following_ : Clauses 4.2, 5.1,
5.2, 5.3, 5.5, 5.6, 5.7, 5.8, 6.1, 6.3, 7, 9, 12, 12.2, 12.3, 12.4, 12.5,
12.6, and 18.1. [emphasis added]

107 If paragraph 37 of the Statement of Claim represents the full extent of
the Equality Provisions, it is noticeably wider than that which the Judge
found. The words “included but not limited to”, paragraph 37 of the Statement
of Claim suggests that there are _more_ clauses of the JVA which could be
affected by the Equality Premise Clause. In the end, there are at least three
possible characterisations of the Equality Provisions: (i) that found by the
Judge, _ie_ the terms in paragraph 15 of the Statement of Claim; (ii) the
terms in paragraph 37 of the Statement of Claim; and (iii) the terms in
paragraph 37 of the Statement of Claim and other unidentified terms in the
JVA.

108 The intended scope of the Equality Premise Clause only became somewhat
clearer in the course of the oral arguments at the hearing before us. Both Mr
Singh and Mr Lee focused on four aspects of the board’s control of PPL
Shipyard in the event that the equal shareholdings of the parties changed: (i)
the composition of the board; (ii) the number of votes each party would have
in board meetings; (iii) the quorum requirement for board meetings; and (iv)
the appointment of the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Managing Director and Deputy
Managing Director. Since the parties were content to confine their arguments
on the Equality Premise Clause to these four aspects which are reflected in
cll 5.1 to 5.3 and 5.5 to 5.8 of the JVA, we have proceeded on the same basis
notwithstanding our observations as to the uncertainty of the scope of the
Equality Premise Clause.

(2) Interpretation of cl 5.1

109 We begin with the interpretation of cl 5.1. We note at the outset that
both parties referred extensively to extrinsic evidence including subsequent
conduct as well as prior negotiations, to justify their respective contentions
as to the proper interpretation of the express terms in the JVA. As stated
earlier (see [49]–[65] above), there may be difficulties with the unrestrained
admissibility of such evidence under the EA. Neither party provided
submissions on the precise nature or limits of the extrinsic evidence which
they were relying on; nor did they set out whether or why this court should
have recourse to such extrinsic evidence. Nor for that matter were we really
assisted as to what light this evidence was thought to shed upon the issues.
In these circumstances, we reject both parties’ references to such extrinsic
evidence for the purposes of interpreting the express terms in the JVA.

110 It seems clear that the JVA was entered into in the context of securing
the rights of parties who were about to embark on this venture as equal
partners with equal interests. This much was plainly part of the relevant
factual matrix and the express terms in fact wholly bear this out. It was
equally clear that the SA was entered into at a time when PPL Holdings and
E-Interface wanted to exit the joint venture but had been persuaded to and did
agree to retain a 15% shareholding in PPL Shipyard while transferring the
other 35% to Sembcorp. There was no discussion at the time of the SA as to how
the calibrated balance of rights reflected in the JVA would be affected by
this development.

111 For ease of reference, we reproduce cl 5.1 of the JVA here:

5.1 **_Unless otherwise agreed_** , the Board of Directors of the Company
shall comprise of six (6) Directors who shall be appointed by the Parties as
follows:

Sembcorp |  3 Directors  
---|---  
PPLH |  3 Directors  
  
  

**_so long as_** _they shall hold_ **_such number of shares_** _for the time
being in the capital of the Company_ **_as are not less than the proportions
set out herein_**. Any member of the Board may appoint an alternate to attend
Directors' meetings and otherwise act as a Director in his absence.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The reference to “proportions set out herein” must, in our judgment, be taken
to be a reference to cl 4.2 of the JVA, which specifically states that the
share capital of PPL Shipyard shall be held by Sembcorp and PPL Holdings in
the respective proportions of 50% each. Further cl 4.3 states that this
proportion shall be maintained unless otherwise agreed in writing.

112 Mr Lee submitted that there was no gap in cl 5.1 of the JVA because it
contemplates that the parties may vary the composition of the board at any
time. He built his case around the opening words “unless otherwise agreed” in
addition to the general amendment provision contained in cl 26.1 of the JVA.
He submitted that Sembcorp could, at any time, have agreed with PPL Holdings
to change the ratio of directors each party was entitled to appoint under cl
5.1 and this is what they should have done but did not do at the time of the
SA. It is evident to us that Mr Lee’s argument stands on two premises. The
first, which Mr Lee placed emphasis on, is that it was always open to the
parties to agree to change what had originally been reflected in the JVA. This
is uncontroversial. But it is the second (implicit) premise of the argument
which contained the bite of Mr Lee’s case: that until and unless a new or
revised arrangement was concluded, the default position which would prevail
regardless of what else might have transpired is that which was reflected in
cl 5.1. In a sense this loaded the dice in favour of the _status quo_ as to
the parties’ legal rights, even though their factual position relative to one
another might change.

113 We do not agree with Mr Lee that the words “unless otherwise agreed”
reflect such an understanding. All that these words suggest is that the
initially agreed arrangements as to the size of the board and the rights of
the parties to appoint members to the board are not immutable and _may_ be
changed by agreement. Indeed, the parties had agreed after the SA that
Sembcorp could appoint three more directors to the board.

114 But there is a more fundamental point. In our judgment, the key part of cl
5.1 of the JVA is found in the second portion of that clause beginning with
the words “so long as”. By virtue of these words, the parties have subjected
the opening words of cl 5.1 to the qualification that they must each be
holding 50% of the share capital of PPL Shipyard for the stated distribution
of board seats to apply as a matter of legal entitlement. The phrase “so long
as” in the second part of the clause makes it clear that the qualification
that is contained there limits or supersedes the understanding reflected in
the first part of cl 5.1. In short, the second part of cl 5.1 provides that
when the shareholding is no longer split equally, neither party can, by
reference to cl 5.1, claim to have a right to nominate three directors to the
board of PPL Shipyard. Hence, PPL Holdings ceased to have a right to have
three nominees on the board of PPL Shipyard when the parties entered into the
SA.

115 In our judgment, this is the only sensible interpretation of cl 5.1. If we
were to agree with Mr Lee’s suggested interpretation, it would follow that
each party would be entitled to have three directors on the board regardless
of what their shareholdings were. This would render wholly superfluous and
otiose the second part of cl 5.1. As we put it to Mr Lee in the course of his
arguments, on his construction of the clause, the words that conditioned the
right to have and appoint the prescribed number of directors to their
shareholding in equal proportions would be robbed of any meaning and Mr Lee
could offer no convincing response to this.

116 If, then, a party lost its right to have and appoint three directors (out
of a total of six) under cl 5.1, what right, if any, did it have to appoint
any directors? The short answer in our view is that it had none. It is a basic
rule of company law that no shareholder has a _right_ to board representation
by virtue of being a shareholder. Sembcorp and PPL Holdings had agreed that
they would have the equal right to nominate three directors each _subject_ to
the proviso that they each maintained their 50% shareholding. The parties had
in cl 5.1 already considered and provided that their right to the stated board
representation would not apply if they no longer had an equal 50%
shareholding. It follows from this that there is no necessity to imply the
Equality Premise Clause in respect of the issue of board representation. It is
irrelevant in this regard that PPL Holdings did continue to have three
nominees on the board. The question is whether it had such a _right_ under cl
5.1, and in our judgment it did not.

(3) Interpretation of cll 5.2, 5.3, and 5.5 to 5.8

117 Unlike cl 5.1 of the JVA, cll 5.2, 5.3 and 5.5 to 5.8 (see [7] above) are
silent as to how the voting rights of the directors appointed by the parties,
the quorum requirements, and the parties’ rights to appoint directors to
specific positions would be affected if either party obtained more than 50% of
PPL Shipyard’s share capital. Mr Lee argued that this did not mean that there
was a gap which invited consideration of whether a term should be implied. He
again submitted that the general amendment clause, _viz_ , cl 26.1, evinced
the parties’ intentions that they could (and would have to) agree on new terms
whenever they wished to change these arrangements. Failing that, the existing
provisions would continue to apply by default.

118 We disagree. Clause 26.1 of the JVA provides that the parties may amend
the JVA, but this does not mean that the parties had considered particular
contingencies and then agreed that if those contingencies materialised, their
only recourse would be to amend the JVA under cl 26.1. In fact, there was
nothing to suggest that the parties had even addressed their mind to this
issue. This, of course, does not in and of itself mandate the implication of a
term. We therefore proceed to consider the second and third steps of the
implication process which we have outlined above at [101].

The second and third steps

119 The second step need not detain us unduly. The nature of the transaction
between the parties was commercial. There is thus no reason to even consider
departing from the general presumption that the parties contracted on the
basis of business efficacy. In this light, the question is whether it is
necessary as a matter of business or commercial sense to imply a suitable term
to give the contract as a whole efficacy. In our judgment, the answer to that
is ‘yes’. This follows from the fact that these clauses all relate to the
powers and mode of operations of the directors of PPL Shipyard who had been
nominated by each of the shareholders pursuant to their entitlement under cl
5.1 of the JVA. So long as the situation contemplated in cl 5.1 prevailed and
the parties in fact retained an equal shareholding interest in the company, no
issue or difficulty would arise. But on a true construction of cl 5.1, as we
have held, once the premise of equal shareholding is displaced, then the party
that no longer has at least 50% of the equity interest has no right to appoint
or nominate _any_ directors to the board. It follows then that in principle it
is necessary to imply a term to deal with the provisions of cll 5.2, 5.3 and
5.5 to 5.8, which concern how the directors appointed pursuant to cl 5.1 are
to interact and operate in a situation where a party no longer has a right to
make any such appointment under cl 5.1, so as to render the JVA as a whole
efficacious.

120 This leads us to the third and final step. In these circumstances, if the
officious bystander asked Sembcorp and PPL Holdings whether cll 5.2, 5.3 and
5.5 to 5.8 would cease to apply in the event that one party obtained more than
50% of the share capital, would the parties have responded “Oh, of course!”?

121 Mr Singh argued that the Equality Premise Clause is the “only mechanism”
which can sensibly have been intended to plug this gap if one party obtained
more than 50% of PPL Shipyard’s share capital. The gist of his argument was as
follows:

(a) cll 5.2, 5.3 and 5.5 to 5.8 of the JVA are premised on each party having
an equal 50% shareholding;

(b) the commercial logic and business purpose of those provisions is evidence
that the intention was to establish a joint venture of equal participants in
the company; and

(c) that business purpose would be frustrated if those provisions continued to
apply where the parties were no longer equal partners.

122 In response, Mr Lee argued that the express terms contemplated a _change_
of shareholding, and that the Equality Premise Clause would be inconsistent
with those express terms. He also relied heavily on the conduct of the parties
after entering into the SA. As we have alluded to above, Mr Lee did not
explain why it was appropriate for us to have regard to the subsequent conduct
of the parties in this context. But in any event, this conduct was not such as
would only be consistent with the interpretation urged on us by Mr Lee. For
instance, as we have already observed, in the immediate aftermath of the SA,
Sembcorp had appointed three additional directors without demur from Mr Lee’s
clients.

123 Mr Lee’s remaining arguments as to why the Equality Premise Clause should
not be implied were these:

(a) it is not necessary for business efficacy because it is not inconceivable
for minority shareholders to enjoy equal management rights;

(b) it would fail the officious bystander test as the parties would not want
to be shackled to each other in their exact shareholdings;

(c) if asked what would happen if one party obtained more than 50% of the
share capital, the obvious answer would be that the parties would have to
renegotiate cll 5.2, 5.3 and 5.5 to 5.8 of the JVA; and

(d) there are multiple possible ways of dealing with cll 5.2, 5.3 and 5.5 to
5.8, and there is no one way which the parties can be presumed to have agreed
was the obviously right way.

124 In our judgment, both Mr Singh and Mr Lee’s arguments missed the mark
somewhat. Turning to Mr Singh’s arguments first, we do not think that these
clauses were specifically premised on each party having an equal shareholding.
While that was explicitly the case in relation to cl 5.1 of the JVA, the other
clauses did not reflect such intent. In so far as the commercial logic of
those clauses is concerned, it was self-evidently the case that they were
structured on the premise of equal shareholding because _that_ was precisely
the deal when the parties entered into the JVA. But the question presented is
a different one: does the change in the shareholding structure _necessarily_
require the repeal of those provisions? However reasonable a conclusion this
might be, we do not see why it must necessarily be so if we leave aside cl 5.1
for the moment.

125 As to Mr Lee’s arguments, we agree that it is conceivable that a minority
shareholder might negotiate for itself to retain management control, but again
that is not the question presented. While it may well be the case that as a
matter of theory, there might be many ways of dealing with the issues in cll
5.2, 5.3 and 5.5 to 5.8 of the JVA, in fact and in substance the central
question that we were presented with had to be considered against the
following parameters:

(a) the express terms of the JVA as a whole which included cl 5.1, and on a
true interpretation of which, as we have just held, a party would no longer
have a right to have and nominate _any_ director to the board of PPL Shipyard
once it ceased to hold 50% of the share capital of that company; and

(b) the presumed intention of the parties was to be assessed at the time they
entered into the JVA and having regard to the prevailing matrix of facts.

126 In our judgment, cll 5.2, 5.3 and 5.5 to 5.8 are parasitic upon cl 5.1.
These clauses were structured on the premise of the parties having the right
to appoint directors under and in accordance with cl 5.1. The point simply is
that once it becomes apparent on a true construction of cl 5.1, that a party
who ceases to hold an equal proportion of the shares ceases to have any
_right_ to have a nominee director on the board of PPL Shipyard, then if the
parties were asked at the time of the contract whether these other provisions
would cease to apply if one party no longer had the right to appoint any
director, the only answer they could have given was an emphatic affirmation.
For this reason, we agree that cll 5.2, 5.3 and 5.5 to 5.8 were all to be read
subject to the implied term that those provisions would no longer apply once
either Sembcorp or PPL Holdings ceased to hold 50% proportion of the share
capital of PPL Shipyard.

127 Finally, what should we make of the fact that after the SA was entered
into and cll 5.2, 5.3 and 5.5 to 5.8 supposedly ceased to have effect, the
board of directors continued, at least in some respects, as if these clauses
persisted? In our view, nothing turns on this. Even if the parties and their
nominees were under a misapprehension as to the legal effect of the SA on the
applicability of these clauses, this does not preclude the implication of a
term that unravels or is inconsistent with that misapprehension. The reference
point for the implication of a term is at the time of contracting. Any term
which is implied forms part of the JVA from that point. The parties’
subsequent conduct is only relevant if PPL Holdings and E-Interface are
relying on waiver or estoppel, which they have not raised.

128 Therefore, for these reasons, we allow Sembcorp’s appeal on the
implication of the Equality Premise Clause in the JVA and by extension, PPL
Shipyard’s Articles of Association, albeit in this more limited and somewhat
recharacterised form.

The alleged breach of the Confidentiality Clause

129 There are two issues concerning the alleged breach of the Confidentiality
Clause. The first is whether the 2009 Accounts retained its confidential
character at the time that Aurol released it to Baker and Yangzijiang on 13
April 2010. The second issue is whether, assuming the Confidentiality Clause
was breached, Sembcorp was entitled to terminate the JVA. Obviously, the
second issue is moot if the Confidentiality Clause had not been breached.

Whether the 2009 Accounts were confidential at the time of disclosure

130 The Judge held (at [135] of the Judgment) that there was no breach as the
2009 Accounts had lost their quality of confidence by 12 April 2010 at the
latest by virtue of the approval of the resolutions that took place on 12
April 2010. Mr Singh argued that this was erroneous because the 2009 Accounts
were only approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)
held on 16 April 2010. The thrust of his argument was that because the Minutes
of the AGM (“the Minutes”) which contained the resolution approving the 2009
Accounts was dated 16 April 2010, the 2009 Accounts were only approved and
authorised for publication from 16 April 2010.

131 Mr Lee, on the other hand, adopted the reasoning of the Judge. He noted
that the 2009 Accounts had _in fact_ been approved by the members of PPL
Holdings before 12 April 2010. The Judge found (at [132] of the Judgment) that
this was not disputed by Sembcorp. Even before us, Mr Singh did not dispute
this. The fact is that no AGM was held, or even intended to be held, on 16
April 2010. The intention, as Mr Lee pointed out, was always for the AGM to be
a “paper” AGM. Thus, for all intents and purposes, by signing the Minutes by
12 April 2010, the Chairman and members had authorised and approved the 2009
Accounts. Mr Lee also argued that the AGM was, in the final analysis,
irrelevant because the directors alone are collectively responsible for the
accuracy of the 2009 Accounts: _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2009) (“ _Walter Woon_ ”) at para 10.53. Since
PPL Shipyard’s directors had already signed the directors’ resolution
approving the 2009 Accounts by 12 April 2010, the 2009 Accounts were
authorised and approved at that date even if the AGM was only “held” on 16
April 2010.

132 We agree with the Judge’s conclusion, albeit for different reasons. First,
if the issue is whether there had been a breach of a _contractual_ right to
confidentiality, the starting point must be the promise in the contract. In
this case, that would be cl 13 of the JVA. The Judge did not consider the
wording of cl 13, and went straight into the question of whether the 2009
Accounts had lost its quality of confidentiality by the time that Aurol
furnished a copy of the 2009 Accounts to Yangzijiang on 13 April 2010.

133 In our judgment, while cl 13.1 of the JVA imposes a duty of
confidentiality on the parties to the JVA, _ie_ Sembcorp and PPL Holdings,
this does not extend to third parties not bound by the contract. In the
present case, it was Aurol who disclosed the 2009 Accounts, not PPL Holdings.
In fact, Sembcorp’s pleaded case was that “Mr. Aurol, in his capacity as
director of Baker”, had passed a copy of the 2009 Accounts to Yangzijiang. Mr
Singh’s submission in this appeal was that the 2009 Accounts were “disclosed
by Aurol and Baker ... to a representative of Yangzijiang”. There was no
accompanying pleading of alter ego or the attribution of Mr Aurol’s acts to
PPL Holdings. If anything, Aurol’s acts were attributed to Baker. In these
circumstances, even though Mr Lee only alluded to and did not develop this
argument fully, we find that Sembcorp’s pleaded case on a breach of cl 13.1 by
PPL Holdings must fail.

134 For completeness, we observe that the JVA had provided a mechanism to
minimise the risks of disclosure of confidential information by third parties.
That is found in cl 13.2 which reads as follows:

The Parties shall procure the observance of the abovementioned restrictions by
[PPL Shipyard] and shall take all reasonable steps to minimise the risk of
disclosure of confidential information, by ensuring that only their employees
and directors and those of [PPL Shipyard] whose duties will require them to
possess any of such information shall have access thereto, and that they shall
be instructed to treat the same as confidential.

135 Sembcorp’s case was not pleaded on this basis but even if it had been, we
doubt that Sembcorp would have been able to make out a breach of cl 13.2.
Clause 13.2 in fact contemplates that directors of Sembcorp and PPL Holdings
may have access to confidential information. Thus, the mere fact that Aurol,
who is a director of PPL Holdings, had access to the 2009 Accounts would not,
in itself, have been a breach of cl 13.2. There might have been an argument
that PPL Holdings was obliged to but had not instructed Aurol to treat the
2009 Accounts as confidential. However, this was not pleaded and there was no
evidence of the steps that were or were not taken by PPL Holdings in this
connection.

Did the breach justify termination of the JVA

136 Given our finding that there was no actionable breach of the
Confidentiality Clause, we do not need to consider whether such a breach would
have justified termination of the JVA. In any case, even if a breach of cl
13.2 was made out, we would not have found that this would have justified the
termination of the JVA.

137 Both Mr Singh and Mr Lee agree that the law on this issue is as stated in
_RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2007] 4
SLR(R) 413 (“ _RDC Concrete_ ”) and _Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known
as E D & F Man International (S) Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David_ [2008] 1
SLR(R) 663. In our judgment, any breach of cl 13.2 would not have fallen
within any of the situations justifying termination under the principles laid
down in _RDC Concrete_. First, cl 13.2 of the JVA is not a clause, which was
“so important that any breach, regardless  _of the actual consequences_ of
such a breach, would entitle the innocent party to terminate the contract”
[emphasis in original]: see _RDC Concrete_ at [97]. There was simply no
intention evinced in cl 13.2 that a failure by either Sembcorp or PPL holdings
to instruct their employees to treat certain information as confidential would
have entitled the other party to terminate the JVA even though the information
had not in fact been circulated. We do not think that this is the correct or
even a sustainable view of the intended effect of the clause.

138 Nor would an alleged breach of cl 13.2 have given “rise to an  _event_
which  _will deprive_ the party not in default [_viz_ , the innocent party] of
_substantially the whole benefit_ which it was  _intended_ that he should
obtain from the contract” [emphasis in original]: _RDC Concrete_ at [99]. Mr
Singh argued that such a breach would have occasioned the destruction of the
relationship of trust and confidence between Sembcorp and PPL Holdings, which
had formed the basis of the parties’ joint venture. However, even assuming
such a proposition was well-founded in principle, which we doubt, this would
have had to be predicated on the factual premise that there was a wilful and
deliberate disclosure of such confidential information by a party to the JVA.
For the reasons we have articulated, this was not tenable. The only possible
finding of a breach would have consisted of a failure by PPL Holdings to duly
instruct its employees. Such a failure in itself would not have deprived
either party of substantially the whole benefit of the JVA.

139 For these reasons, we dismiss Sembcorp’s appeal on this issue.

Validity of the 28 April 2010 resolutions

140 The next issue concerns PPL Holdings and E-Interface’s counterclaim that
the 28 April 2010 resolutions relating to the appointment of certain
individuals were invalid. The Judge (at [162] of the Judgment) held that they
were invalid as they had been passed contrary to cl 5.3 of the JVA and Art 98
of PPL Shipyard’s Articles of Association in that each party’s directors could
only exercise three votes but the six Sembcorp-nominated directors had
purported to pass these resolutions by six votes to three. Mr Singh based
Sembcorp’s appeal on the outcome of our decision on the implication of the
Equality Premise Clause. Mr Lee for his part adopted the reasoning of the
Judge.

141 Since we have found that cl 5.3 of the JVA ceased to have effect once the
SA was entered into, it follows that the corresponding portion of Art 98 of
the Articles of Association to the extent it replicates the voting
restrictions and quorum requirements in cl 5.3 also ceased to operate. That
being the case, there is no basis for PPL Holdings and E-Interface to contend
that the 28 April 2010 resolutions were passed in contravention of the voting
restrictions in Art 98, and it follows that these resolutions were therefore
validly passed.

142 However, in our view, Art 98 of the Articles of Association is wider than
cl 5.3 of the JVA. This brings us to a reservation which we have over one of
the Judge’s findings. In arriving at his conclusion that the Sembcorp-
nominated directors only had three votes and not six, the Judge interpreted
Art 98 as bearing precisely the same meaning as cl 5.3. In our view, there is
a substantial difference between Art 98 and cl 5.3. Unlike cl 5.3, Art 98
confers one vote on each director voting at a board meeting:

... At any meeting of the Board, provided a quorum is present, _every Director
shall be entitled to one vote_ save that (a) if less than three [PPL Holdings]
Directors are present, all the [PPL Holdings] Directors present at the meeting
of the Board shall collectively be entitled to an aggregate of three votes
irrespective of the number of [PPL Holdings] Directors present, and (b) if
less than three SembCorp Directors are present, the SembCorp Directors present
at the meeting of the Board shall collectively be entitled to an aggregate of
three votes irrespective of the number of SembCorp Directors present. ...
[emphasis added]

143 This is not the case in cl 5.3 of the JVA. Indeed, this was raised by Mr
Singh before the Judge below. The Judge recognised that there was an
appreciable difference in the wording between cl 5.3 and Art 98, but held at
[162] of the Judgment that cl 5.3 simply captured “the essence of the
agreement” more succinctly than Art 98. In our view, this is incorrect. It is
not uncommon for the terms of a shareholders’ agreement or joint venture
agreement and a company’s Articles of Association to be different in wording
and effect, and this might be due to a variety of reasons: Ian Hewitt, _Hewitt
on Joint Ventures_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2011) at para 9-33. Typically,
the parties would have stipulated a mechanism to resolve such inconsistencies.
Indeed, cl 31.2 of the JVA (see [7] above) serves just such a purpose _if_ it
were thought that there was an inconsistency.

144 In our judgment, as at the date of the 28 April 2010 resolutions, each
director was entitled to cast one vote and these resolutions were therefore
validly passed. For these reasons, we allow Sembcorp’s appeal on this point.

Validity of the removal of Aurol

145 It will be recalled that the 8 June 2010 letter was sent to Aurol by the
six Sembcorp-nominated directors after he disclosed the 2009 Accounts to
Yangzijiang. The Judge held (at [152] of the Judgment) that under Arts 98 and
102 of PPL Shipyard’s Articles of Association, a director of PPL Shipyard
could only be removed by his fellow directors if they took such action
pursuant to a meeting at which there was the requisite quorum, _ie_ at least
one PPL Holdings-nominated director and Sembcorp-nominated director. On this
basis, he held that the letter from the six Sembcorp-nominated directors,
which was written without a directors’ meeting having been convened with the
requisite quorum, did not constitute a valid request for Aurol to vacate his
office as director of PPL Shipyard.

146 Mr Singh argued that the Judge had misinterpreted the effect of Arts
90(g), 98 and 102 of the Articles of Association. According to Mr Singh, there
is no rule that the directors can act in their capacity as directors only at
or pursuant to a meeting with the requisite quorum. If the Judge was right, Mr
Singh argued, that would mean that a director would not be permitted to sign a
contract on behalf of the company, or affix the company’s seal to a document
unless he did so at a meeting convened with the requisite quorum. Moreover, if
the Equality Premise Clause is an implied term of the JVA, then cl 5.3 of the
JVA requiring at least one PPL Holdings-nominated director to be present would
no longer apply and there would not be a deficiency in the quorum.

147 The essence of the position advanced on behalf of PPL Holdings was that in
the final analysis, Aurol’s removal was impeachable because it would not have
been impossible to secure a resolution effecting this at a quorate board
meeting. In view of the conclusions we have already expressed on the
implication of the Equality Premise Clause in its modified form and the
consequences that flow from that, we can dispose of this issue in Sembcorp’s
favour on the basis that there was no deficiency in the quorum. It is
therefore unnecessary to evaluate the merits of Mr Singh’s remaining
arguments.

Our decision in CA 77

148 It will be recalled that PPL Holdings and E-Interface had two avenues to
challenge the validity of the WongPartnership resolutions. The first was to
seek a declaration under s 392(2) of the Companies Act. The second, which is
limited to the WongPartnership resolutions that were passed on 11 May 2010 and
3 June 2010, is premised on an action under s 216 of the Companies Act (see
[153] below). We will address each avenue below.

Declaration that the WongPartnership resolutions are invalid pursuant to s
392(2) of the Companies Act

149 Turning first to s 392(2) of the Companies Act, it will be recalled that
the WongPartnership resolutions were invalidated under this provision in OS
590 on the grounds that the resolutions were passed at an inquorate meeting
and had caused substantial injustice _to the directors_ (see [16] above). Mr
Lee argued that PPL Holdings and E-Interface were simply seeking a declaration
to the same effect, and that they have the requisite standing to do so in
their capacity as members of PPL Shipyard. Mr Singh was content to rest his
case on the efficacy of the Equality Premise Clause, to render that aspect of
Art 98 of PPL Shipyard’s Articles of Association which sets out the quorum
requirement inapplicable at the time that the WongPartnership resolutions were
passed.

150 As stated earlier (see [141] above), the quorum requirement in Art 98 of
the Articles of Association ceased to have effect by virtue of the term that
was implied in the JVA and with it, PPL Shipyard’s Articles of Association. In
these circumstances, PPL Holdings and E-Interface can no longer rely on the
quorum requirement in Art 98 to found their case that the WongPartnership
resolutions were passed at an inquorate meeting and hence invalid.

151 Our conclusion is not at odds with the decision in OS 590. Each case turns
on the pleadings and issues raised by the parties to that case. In OS 590, the
applicability of the quorum requirement in Art 98 of the Articles of
Association was not in issue. The parties in that case – the respective
nominee directors of Sembcorp and PPL Holdings, none of whom are parties to
the present appeals – had accepted that the relevant meetings were inquorate.
They were only disputing the _effect_ of the inquorate meetings: see _Chang
Benety (HC)_ at [41]–[45]; and _Chang Benety (CA)_ at [38]–[39]. Crucially,
there was no dispute as to whether the quorum requirement in Art 98 had ceased
to apply after the SA had been entered into. If the six Sembcorp-nominated
directors in OS 590 were willing to accept that the meetings were inquorate
and resist invalidation of the WongPartnership resolutions solely on the basis
that the inquorate meetings amounted to a procedural irregularity which could
be validated under s 392 of the Companies Act, that was their prerogative. It
does not bind Sembcorp; nor does it preclude a subsequent court from
adjudicating on whether the relevant meetings were indeed inquorate. No
estoppel can arise from OS 590 to preclude Sembcorp from litigating this
issue, and indeed none was advanced by PPL Holdings and E-Interface.

152 We therefore dismiss PPL Holdings and E-Interface’s first challenge
against the WongPartnership resolutions.

Relief under s 216 of the Companies Act

153 Next, the second avenue of challenge against two of the WongPartnership
resolutions also overlapped with the challenge to the validity of the 28 April
2010 resolutions.

Lack of standing

154 The Judge held (at [179] of the Judgment) that PPL Holdings and
E-Interface could not obtain relief under s 216 of the Companies Act in
respect of the 28 April 2010 resolutions and the WongPartnership resolutions
as they did not have standing. The Judge then went on to state that on the
merits of the challenge against the 28 April 2010 resolutions, PPL Holdings
and E-Interface have not shown how those resolutions were unfair or
oppressive. As for the WongPartnership resolutions, the Judge held that the
substantive issue had already been determined in OS 590.

155 We respectfully disagree with the Judge on this point. Section 216(1) of
the Companies Act clearly provides that _any member_ of a company may bring an
action under one of the grounds in the section:

**Personal remedies in cases of oppression or injustice**

**216.** —(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company or, in the case
of a declared company under Part IX, the Minister may apply to the Court for
an order under this section on the ground —

(_a_)that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in disregard of his or
their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(_b_)that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against or is otherwise
prejudicial to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

156 Whatever the merits of their case, PPL Holdings and E-Interface are
members of PPL Shipyard and it is undeniable that their claim _prima facie_
falls within the grounds in s 216 of the Companies Act. This is so even if PPL
Shipyard can avail itself of a remedy for the same claim. As Mr Lee rightly
pointed out, the English Court of Appeal decision in _Re Saul D Harrison &
Sons Plc_ [1995] 1 BCLC 14 affirmed (at 488-489) that a case which falls
within s 216 may be brought notwithstanding the rule in _Foss v Harbottle_
(1843) 2 Hare 461:

... If the board act [_sic_] for some ulterior purpose, they step outside the
terms of the bargain between the shareholders and the company. As a matter of
ordinary company law, this may or may not entitle the individual shareholder
to a remedy. It depends upon whether he can bring himself within one of the
exceptions to the rule in Foss v Harbottle (1843) 2 Hare 461. _But the fact
that the board are protected by the principle of majority rule does not
necessarily prevent their conduct from being unfair within the meaning of [the
English equivalent of s 216]. Enabling the court in an appropriate case to
outflank the rule in Foss v Harbottle was one of the purposes of the sectio_
n. [emphasis added]

Merits of the s 216 action

157 The two grounds which Mr Lee then relied on to contend that PPL Holdings
and E-Interface were entitled to seek relief under s 216 of the Companies Act
are first, that Sembcorp’s actions breached the parties’ legitimate
expectations as to the management of PPL Shipyard, and second, that the
actions of the Sembcorp-nominated directors were for a collateral purpose.

158 It is unnecessary to reach a decision on whether the substantive grounds
under s 216 of the Companies Act are established because the specific relief
sought, namely the invalidation of the resolutions, is not an appropriate
remedy in this case. Although s 216(2) confers on the court an extensive
discretion to “make such order as it thinks fit”, and s 216(2)(_a_) expressly
permits the court to cancel any resolutions, any order granted must be made
with a view to bringing an end to or remedying the matters complained of:
_Walter Woon_ at para 5.96. The purpose of s 216 is to relieve minority
oppression, not to proscribe majority rule. It is for that reason that in most
cases, the only practical mechanism to end minority oppression is a corporate
divorce where one party buys the other out. As _Walter Woon_ explains (at para
5.97):

_… [I]f the majority and minority cannot get along, litigation is not likely
to improve matters between them. Anything short of a divorce is an invitation
for repeat litigation in future_. Thus, although the court may ‘direct or
prohibit any act or cancel or vary any transaction or resolution’ or ‘regulate
the conduct of the affairs of the company in future’, such orders are likely
to provide only temporary relief. [emphasis added]

159 _Gower & Davies’ Principles of Modern Company Law_ (Paul L Davies & Sarah
Worthington eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2012) also describes (at para
20-35) the buyout as the “only effective remedy” in such situations. A key
consideration is the effectiveness of the remedy on the future conduct of the
parties and the company. As the English Court of Appeal held in _Grace v
Biagioli_ [2005] EWCA Civ 1222 at [75]:

_In cases of serious prejudice and conflict between shareholders, it is
unlikely that any regime or safeguards which the court can impose, will be as
effective to preserve the peace and to safeguard the rights of the minority_.
Although, as Lord Hoffmann emphasised in O’Neill v Phillips, there is no room
within this jurisdiction for the equivalent of no-fault divorce, nothing less
than a clean break is likely in most cases of proven fault to satisfy the
objectives of the court's power to intervene. [emphasis added]

160 In the present circumstances, given the gravely deteriorated state of the
relationship between the parties, we do not see how an order of the sort
sought by PPL Holdings and E-Interface could possibly be appropriate, even
assuming that the grounds were made out. The court must look at all the
circumstances in the round at the time the remedy is granted: _Re A Company_
[1992] BCC 542. In the present circumstances, there is a real and present risk
of further disputes, amongst other things, over the validity of resolutions
owing to the fractious relationship between the parties. Invalidating the 28
April 2010 resolutions and the two WongPartnership resolutions will not go
very far in redressing PPL Holdings and E-Interface’s underlying complaint of
minority oppression.

161 Having said this, on the view we have taken on the substantive issues, we
do not in any event see how it could be said that Sembcorp’s actions had
breached the parties’ legitimate expectations or that those actions were
undertaken for some improper or collateral purpose. Accordingly, we dismiss
PPL Holdings and E-Interface’s appeal on this issue.

PPL Holdings’ right to nominate the Managing Director

162 This issue, as presented by both sides, hinges on the applicability of Art
95 of PPL Shipyard’s Articles of Association. PPL Holdings and E-Interface
contend that Art 95 gives PPL Holdings the right to nominate the Managing
Director. Although Art 95 is not identical to cl 5.7 of the JVA, the former is
essentially a reflection of the latter. It follows from our decision on the
implication of the Equality Premise Clause that cl 5.7 and that part of Art 95
which reflects cl 5.7 both ceased to have effect when the parties entered into
the SA. PPL Holdings and E-Interface therefore cannot rely on Art 95 to found
their claimed entitlement to appoint the Managing Director. Accordingly, we
dismiss the claim by PPL Holdings and E-Interface in this regard.

163 PPL Holdings and E-Interface also sought an injunction restraining PPL
Shipyard acting by a majority of directors from requesting any of the PPL
Holdings-nominated directors to vacate his office (“the Injunction”), unless
PPL Holdings has (a) given its consent, or (b) the majority of directors
includes a PPL Holdings-nominated director. The Injunction, according to Mr
Lee, is premised on Art 86(2) of PPL Shipyard’s Articles of Association which,
it was argued, contemplates that the decision to remove a director will be
taken by the party who nominated the director, not by the other party or by
the directors nominated by the other party.

164 We are unable to see how Mr Lee’s argument is supported by Art 86(2) of
the Articles of Association which reads:

Notwithstanding Article 86(1), any vacancy on the Board will be filled by a
Director nominated by the member that nominated the Director who is retiring
or ceasing for whatever reason to be a Director. Each of the members agree
that they shall cause their nominee members of the Board and their
representatives at a general meeting to support and vote for the other
member’s nomination or removal upon receipt of advice in writing to such
effect from the member nominating or removing such Director.

Ostensibly, Art 86(2) is a provision concerned with the filling of a vacancy
on the board. It says nothing of who may make a decision to remove directors.
For completeness, we would in any event have held that Art 86(2) is also
subject to the Equality Premise Clause. As Mr Lee rightly submitted, Art 86(2)
mirrors cl 5.2 of the JVA. To that end, because of the Equality Premise
Clause, Art 86(2) ceased to apply once the SA was entered into and it cannot
now found the Injunction sought by PPL Holdings and E-Interface.

165 Mr Lee next argued, referring to Art 90(g) of PPL Shipyard’s Articles of
Association, that the majority vote required to remove a director pursuant to
that provision must include at least one PPL Holdings-nominated director. Art
90(g) provides:

**DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS**

90\. The office of a Director shall _ipso facto_ be vacated:-

...

(g)if he is requested in writing by a majority of the other directors for the
time being to vacate office.

166 Mr Lee’s contention that the reference to “majority” must include at least
one PPL Holdings-nominated director stems from his argument that the quorum
requirement in Art 98 continues to subsist notwithstanding the SA. As we have
already explained, the quorum requirement ceased to exist after the SA was
entered into (see [146] above). We are therefore unable to accept Mr Lee’s
reliance on Art 98 as a basis for the grant of the Injunction. Accordingly, we
reject PPL Holdings and E-Interface’s application for the Injunction.

Inconsistencies between the JVA and the corresponding provisions in PPL
Shipyard’s Articles of Association

167 We come to the final issue. Mr Lee submitted that as this court is already
seised of the inconsistencies between certain clauses of the JVA and the
corresponding provisions in PPL Shipyard’s Articles of Association, it would
be just and convenient for this court to ensure that the inconsistencies are
properly resolved. To that end, Mr Lee sought an order requiring the parties
to reconcile the inconsistencies pursuant to cl 31.2 of the JVA. This is
effectively an order for specific performance.

168 We have some difficulty with this argument because it is unclear what
cause of action PPL Holdings and E-Interface would be relying on in seeking
such a remedy. We recognise that cl 31.2 of the JVA provides that in the event
of an inconsistency between the terms of the JVA and PPL Shipyard’s Articles
of Association, the parties shall cause such necessary alteration to be made
so as to resolve the conflict. This is patently a contractual obligation. Yet,
PPL Holdings and E-Interface have not pleaded: (a) that Sembcorp has breached
cl 31.2 of the JVA; (b) in what manner the breach had occurred; and (c) why
the remedy for such a breach should be specific performance. Indeed, as a
result of our findings on the Equality Premise Clause, we are not persuaded
that many of the inconsistencies alleged by PPL Holdings and E-Interface in
fact remain.

169 We therefore decline to order specific performance of cl 31.2 of the JVA.

Conclusion

170 For the reasons set out above, we allow in part Sembcorp’s appeal in CA 75
and dismiss the appeal of PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and E-Interface in CA 77.
Sembcorp will have 90% of its costs in CA75 and 90% of its costs below.
Sembcorp will also have its costs in CA 77. There will be the usual
consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

