Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Turtle Bay”  
[2013] SGHC 165

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 37 of 2013 (SUM No 1036 of 2013) and
Admiralty in Rem No 44 of 2013 (SUM No 1040 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 August 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mark Tan Chai Ming and Low Yi Yang (Asia Practice LLP)
for the plaintiff; Chong Chin Chin for Sheriff, Supreme Court, Singapore.  
Parties| :|  The "Turtle Bay"  
  
30 August 2013|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff as registered mortgagee (“the Bank”) of the _Turtle Bay_ and
the _Tampa Bay_ commenced Admiralty in Rem Nos 37 and 44 of 2013
(collectively, “the ADM Actions”) and arrested the _Turtle Bay_ and the _Tampa
Bay_ (collectively, “the Vessels”) in Singapore on 29 January 2013 and 5
February 2013 respectively.

2 The ADM Actions were commenced after the defendant shipowner had gone into
liquidation in Germany. I should imagine that the effect of the defendant’s
insolvency on the ADM Actions would be governed by German insolvency law. As
to whether there were any insolvency issues arising under German law from the
defendant’s liquidation, none were identified and explained in the Bank’s
affidavits. The principles in _In re Aro_ [1980] Ch 196 followed in _The
Oriental Baltic_ [2011] 3 SLR 487, _The Hull 308_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 643 and _The
Convenience Container_ [2007] 4 HKLRD 575 that deal with the commencement of
_in rem_ proceedings either before and after the insolvency of a defendant
came to mind, and I had wondered whether those cases differed from the facts
of the present case before me. Be that as it may, in the affidavits supporting
the arrest of the Vessels, the Bank disclosed that the German insolvency
administrator was aware of the Bank’s intention to enforce the mortgages and
gave written consent to the direct sale of the Vessels which the Bank intended
“to carry out after arresting the [Vessels]”.[note: 1]

3 It was not surprising that with the liquidation of the defendant shipowner,
no appearance was entered by the latter to the ADM Actions. The Bank duly
filed two applications for default judgment (one for each of the Vessels) on
26 February 2013. On the same day, the Bank separately applied for a sale of
each of the Vessels (together, “the Sanction Applications”). By prayer 1(a) of
both the Sanction Applications, the Bank sought the court’s approval or
confirmation of a private direct sale of the _Turtle Bay_ and the _Tampa Bay_
on the terms of two contracts dated 5 February 2013 and 9 February 2013
respectively (_ie_ , after the arrest of each Vessel) that were entered
between the Bank and a named buyer for a specified price each (“the Direct
Private Sale”).[note: 2] On 26 February 2013, the Bank was seeking judicial
approval of a private sale _pendente lite_ , but that was no longer the
position after default judgment was obtained on 15 March 2013. Strictly
speaking, the Sanction Applications were for orders approving the Direct
Private Sale after judgment.

The Sanction Applications

4 The Sanction Applications were initially listed for hearing on 15 March
2013, but they were adjourned for the Bank’s lawyers to conduct further
research on the law.

5 At the adjourned hearing on 5 April 2013, counsel for the Bank, Mr Mark Tan
(“Mr Tan”) sought to justify the Bank’s case by distinguishing the steps taken
by the Bank to arrange the Direct Private Sale from the settled proposition of
law that any attempt to arrange a private sale of an arrested vessel after the
court has commissioned the Sheriff to appraise and sell the vessel constituted
contempt of court (_The APJ Shalin_ [1991] Lloyd’s Rep 62; _The Jarvis Brake_
[1976] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 320).

6 I did not accept this distinction as a proper justification. Although a
party is clearly in contempt of court if it arranges a private sale after the
court commissions the Sheriff to sell a vessel, it does not necessarily follow
that this party is _never_ in contempt of court if it arranges a direct sale
before the court so commissions the Sheriff. Much depends on the circumstances
of the case. For instance, a sale could potentially constitute contempt of
court in the light of evidence that impropriety had occurred in connection
with the sale to the possible detriment of _in rem_ creditors of the arrested
vessel. In my view, it made no difference to the legal enquiry that a direct
sale of an arrested vessel was made expressly subject to the court’s approval.

7 Mr Tan’s submissions did not deal squarely with the fundamental issue at
hand. He did not address the legal basis of the Bank’s Sanction Applications.
The concern of this court was that the Bank was essentially seeking the
court’s approval or confirmation of the Direct Private Sale (see [3] above) so
as to attract the effect of a judicial sale in respect of the Vessels. The
main issue was under what principles, circumstances and conditions should the
court sanction the Direct Private Sale that was entered between the Bank and
the named buyer in order to suit its own purposes, and turn it into an
admiralty judicial sale (_ie_ , a judicial sale made _specifically_ pursuant
to the court’s _admiralty_ jurisdiction)? In doing so, the court would be
plainly departing from the normal order that the Sheriff sells a vessel by
appraisement, advertisement and inviting bids to purchase the vessel: see
Order 70 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the RSC”).

8 As this court saw it, simply because mortgagee banks (as arresting parties)
have in the past applied for and obtained orders that sanctioned the private
direct sales of arrested vessels would not be of assistance as they were not
conclusive of the matter. It would be misguided to think that from those
instances there now existed in Singapore an established practice of the court,
in exercise of its admiralty jurisdiction, to sanction private direct sales of
arrested vessels as judicial sales.

9 The Sanction Applications were dismissed on 26 April 2013. I gave brief oral
grounds for refusing the Sanction Applications. I had then indicated to Mr Tan
that I would publish full written grounds in due course. I am grateful to Mr
Tan for subsequently drawing to my attention the recent English decision of
_Bank of Scotland plc v The Owners of the MV “Union Gold”_ [2013] EWHC 1696 (“
_The Union Gold_ ”) where the Bank of Scotland plc sought orders of sale of
four vessels to named purchasers at named prices. I will comment on _The Union
Gold_ in due course.

Distinction between a private sale and an admiralty judicial sale

10 I begin with the distinction between a private sale and a judicial sale of
a vessel. A private sale of a vessel between the vendor and purchaser
transfers title in the vessel to the purchaser, subject to the _in rem_
liabilities existing at the time of the sale and delivery of the vessel.
Naturally, as a condition of the sale, the vendor would have to warrant that
the vessel was unencumbered and that there were no existing debts or
liabilities whatsoever. Typically, the vendor would provide an indemnity that
was counter secured by a guarantee.

11 In contrast with a private sale, an admiralty judicial sale gives the
purchaser a clean title to the vessel that is free from all liens and
encumbrances (_The Tremont_ (1841) 1 Wm Rob 163; _The Acrux_ [1962] 1 Lloyd's
Rep 405 at 409 and more recently in _The Cerro Colorado_ [1993] 1 Lloyd's Rep
58 at 60, 61 and Ryan J in _Readhead and Others v Admiralty Marshal, Western
Australia District Registry and Others_ (1998) 87 FCR 229 at 242F). In other
words, the admiralty judicial sale extinguished all _in rem_ claims that were
attached to the vessel prior to the sale and the vessel was no longer subject
to arrest by virtue of those claims. The upshot of this should enable the
Sheriff to sell an arrested vessel at the market price of the vessel rather
than at a “forced sale” price.

12 This unique and important legal consequence of an admiralty judicial sale
is an ancient _in rem_ doctrine recognised in most admiralty jurisdictions.
William Tetley QC in _Maritime Liens and Claims_ (1st Ed, Business Law
Communications Ltd, 1985) traced this doctrine at pp 468, 470-471:

As Brown D.J. said in the _The Trenton_ [4 F. 657 at p. 663]:

No one could possibly know the value of his purchase, for no one could foresee
the amount of claims that might be made against the vessel in other countries.

The finality and integrity of the judicial sale and the validity of the new
title of ownership are therefore essential to the full realization of the
maritime lien.

…

All jurisdictions have recognized the importance of the principle that the
judicial sale of a ship be final and that the purchaser receive a clear title,
free of all charges whatsoever.

An early explicit statement is found in the Ordonnance de la Marine of 1681 at
Book I, Title XIV, art. 1:1

…

… All ships and other vessels may be arrested and disposed of under law; and
all privileges and hypothecs will be purged by the decree which will be made
in the following form.

The leading English judicial statement is by Dr. Lushington in _The Tremont_
[(1841) 1 W. Rob. 163 at p. 164] who, in referring to the Admiralty Court,
said:

The jurisdiction of the Court in these matters is confirmed by the municipal
law of this country and by the general principles of the maritime law; and the
title conferred by the Court in the exercise of this authority is a valid
title against the whole world, and is recognized by the Courts of this country
and by the Courts of all other countries.

The same principle had been enunciated in earlier decisions, including _The
Flad Oyen_ [(1799) 1 C. Rob. 134 at p. 138] and _The Helena_ [(1801) 4 C. Rob.
3], and has been followed in subsequent judgments such as _Castrique v. Imrie_
[(1869-70) L.R. 4 H.L. 414] and _The Ruby_ [[1898] P. 52]. The integrity and
finality of the foreign judicial sale has been upheld in France, in the U.S.
and in Canada.

An equally famous dictum is of Brown D.J. in _The Trenton_ [4 F. 657 at p 659]

In short, the doctrine that the sale of a vessel by a court of competent
jurisdiction discharges her from liens of every description, is the law of the
civilized world.

13 Dr Lushington’s statements in _The Tremont_ are fundamental to admiralty
judicial sales. Indeed, many legal systems continue to give effect to
admiralty judicial sales of foreign courts as a matter of comity. This
recognition of the legal consequences of an admiralty judicial sale is
important to a purchaser who intends to register the vessel in a different
jurisdiction.

14 In the present case, it was reasonable to presume that as in any private
sale, the Bank’s named buyers required the warranty and indemnity mentioned in
[10] above. It would also not be surprising to find the Bank unwilling to be
so bound. The best commercial solution would be to seek the court’s approval
of a private sale to obtain the advantages that an admiralty judicial sale
would confer _ie_ , clean title of the Vessels.

Principles and effect of an admiralty judicial sale

15 As stated, an admiralty judicial sale gives to the purchaser title to the
vessel that is free from all liens and encumbrances. The legal premise and
effect of an admiralty judicial sale that confers on the purchaser clean title
of the vessel is that existing maritime claims of all _in rem_ claimants
against the vessel are transferred to the sale proceeds of the vessel (_The
Acrux_ [1962] 1 Lloyd's Rep 405 at 409). Such _in rem_ claimants include
persons that may not have filed _in rem_ writs or caveats against release, but
have an interest in the vessel and sale. It is worth noting that the existing
maritime claims of _in rem_ claimants against the vessel are divested by the
judicial sale in proceedings to which these claimants are not a party to and
in which they may well have no notice of. While these maritime claimants are
nonetheless allowed to participate in the sale proceeds, this concomitant
transfer of maritime claims (and priority) from the vessel to the proceeds of
sale in court is the _raison d’etre_ of the principle that a judicial sale is
for the protection and benefit of all persons interested in the _res_ ; it is
not only for the interest of the arresting party alone.

16 As William Waung J in _Den Norske Bank ASA v Owners of the ship “Margo L”_
[1997] HKEC 767 (“ _The Margo L_ ”) opined:

The role of the Admiralty Court is to ensure that any sale of the vessel is
effected in such a way as to protect all Admiralty claimants not merely the
Plaintiff who arrested the ship or who requested ex parte the Admiralty Court
to sell the ship or who has obtained ex parte a very large judgment (which can
be set aside when contested by interested competing claimants) or who has a
high priority claim. The best way (which is also the normal way) that the
Admiralty Court ensures protection for all Admiralty claimants is by insisting
upon the sale of the ship being done by all the well tried out method of
appraisement and sale by public tender.

17 To protect the interests of all persons with _in rem_ claims against the
vessel including the defendant shipowner, the court has to have entire control
over the sale process thereby safeguarding the propriety and integrity of the
sale process and, ultimately, instilling confidence and standing of the
judicial sale from this jurisdiction. To this end, there are comprehensive
procedures in O 70 for a court ordered judicial sale to be carried out by the
Sheriff pursuant to a commission for appraisement to ascertain the value of
the vessel, by the placement of advertisements and invitation to submit bids
for the purchase of the vessel.

18 Once the Sheriff is commissioned to appraise and sell the vessel, he is
under a duty to first appraise the vessel to ascertain the value. The Sheriff
would be assisted by professional and experienced appraisers who as court-
appointed appraisers have to act faithfully and impartially. The amount of the
appraised value is kept confidential so as not to affect the price at which
bids are received. Ordinarily, the Sheriff would accept the highest bid price
unless it is below the appraised value. When the court is asked to exercise
its discretion to approve a judicial sale where the highest bid price is below
the appraised value, the Sheriff hands over the confidential appraisement
report of the court-appointed appraiser in a sealed envelope for the court’s
consideration. At no point in time would the amount of the appraisal be
revealed to the public. In doing so, the integrity of the judicial sale
process is preserved.

19 The duty of the Sheriff is to realise the highest price from the sale for
the benefit of all interested parties (_The Silia_ [1981] Lloyd’s Rep 534 at
535; _The Margo L_). In _The Honshu Gloria_ [1986] 2 Lloyd's Rep 63, Sheen J
found that the Admiralty Marshal was entitled to obtain the services of a
classification society prior to the commission of sale in order to retain the
vessel in class to achieve the highest price for the vessel. Similarly, in
_The Westport (No 2)_ [1965] 1 Lloyd's Rep 549, the Admiralty Marshal was
permitted to arrange for repairs to the feed-water pump of the vessel in order
to ensure that the vessel could be sold as a going concern at a higher price.

20 The placing of advertisements not only publicise the sale to a wider
audience interested in bidding for the vessel to obtain the best possible bid
price, but they also serve to notify the sale to all others interested in the
vessel so that they can come forward and establish their maritime claims.
These interested parties include other claimants that may not have issued _in
rem_ writs or filed caveats against release but have an interest in the vessel
and sale.

21 Finally for the sake of completeness, in relation to the rights of _in rem_
claimants against the vessel that have been transferred to the sale proceeds
by virtue of the judicial sale, there is a comprehensive procedure in the RSC
for the priority of these claims to be determined and for the distribution of
the sale proceeds among all who come forward and establish their maritime
claims within a specified time (see O 70 r 21(2)). The proceeding is entirely
_in rem_ , and it binds the world.

Court’s discretionary power to order a judicial sale

22 The power of the court to sell a vessel under arrest after judgment _in
rem_ is obtained against that vessel is well established. I have referred to
the court’s discretion with respect to the confirmation of judicial sales, in
particular, where the highest bid price received by the Sheriff was below the
appraised value (see [18] above). In one sense, such an application to sell
below the appraised value is illustrative of the function of a judicial sale
in which two competing concerns in a judicial sale are balanced: that of
accepting the highest bid price at a fairly conducted Sheriff’s sale on the
one hand, and weighing that concern against the purpose to be achieved by a
judicial sale, which is to benefit all persons interested in the _res_ on the
other (see [15]-[17] above) . There is no doubt that the court has discretion
to refuse to confirm a judicial sale _below_ the appraised value where the
disparity between the highest bid price and the valuation of the court-
appointed appraiser is so great as to possibly result in a sale that is
relatively cheap and, on its face, prejudicial to the other _in rem_ creditors
and the defendant shipowner. The unfettered discretion to refuse the bid price
could be exercised even in the absence of evidence suggesting that the sale
was conducted unfairly or that a higher realisable sale price was possible.

23 Notably, a party seeking to obtain the court’s sanction of a private direct
sale is essentially departing from the comprehensive procedure in the RSC.
Therefore, any substitute method of sale (and its propriety) would have to be
weighed against the purpose to be achieved by a judicial sale order granted in
the normal way. More often than not, the substitute method of sale, for
example, a court sanctioned private sale (as was the case here), is advanced
for the applicant’s own purpose and benefit and is _prima facie_ unfair.

24 In _International Marine Banking Co v Dora [No. 2]_ [1977] 1 FC 603 at [7]
(“ _The Dora_ ”), the plaintiff applied for the private sale of the vessel and
submitted that the sale price of CAD 5.9 million was the best price
obtainable. The Canadian court refused to allow the sale after examining sale
process. In doing so, it held at [17]:

Accordingly I am not prepared to approve the procedures followed either as
being a satisfactory substitute for what might have been prescribed by the
Court had an application been made, or as calculated to achieve the best price
obtainable. The fact of the matter, as I view it, is that the procedure is one
prescribed by the plaintiff as satisfactory for its own purposes and the
proposed sale which has resulted from it is not a sale by the Court at all but
a sale by the plaintiff for which it now seeks the endorsement of the Court to
give the transaction the appearance of a sale by the Court. I would not,
therefore, be prepared to grant the order sought even if I were satisfied that
the 5.9 million price is as high as any price likely to be obtained on a sale
by the Court.

25 Similarly, in _The Margo L_ , the plaintiff bank applied to sell the vessel
to a buyer found by the plaintiff, and at a specified price. Waung J noted
that a private sale at a pre-determined price to a named purchaser was not
generally the accepted way to sell the vessel for the best possible price. In
that case, he considered the valuation certificates produced by the plaintiff
bank to show that a proper appraisement of the vessel in question had been
done and held:

In this case, Den Norsk Bank which is a ship finance specialist is asking the
Court (as it has done repeatedly on a number of occasions) to depart from the
normal mode of sale and to allow its proposed purchaser Hudson to buy the
Vessel at US$3.4 million. In support of this application, the Bank relies on
three brief Valuation Certificates from three valuers who valued the Vessel at
respectively US$2.5 million, US$2.75 million and US$3.2 million. Unfortunately
as often happens in this sort of maritime valuation of ships, no detailed
analysis was shown in these Valuation Certificates as to the factors and
reasons which led to these valuations being given and in the absence of
analysis and reasons, there can be no proper weighing of the strength of any
of these Valuation Certificates or why one should be preferred over the other
or why any one should be accepted. This most unsatisfactory nature of the
valuations of the Vessel is however only one aspect of why the Court cannot
allow private sale.

26 As I see it, these two decisions resonate with our admiralty jurisprudence
and reflect the court’s concern with a substitute method of sale (see [23]
above). In this case, the Bank, as mortgagee in possession, wanted the court’s
sanction of the Direct Private Sale to obtain the perceived advantages of both
judicial and private sales for its own benefit. The divergence in the interest
of the Sheriff acting pursuant to a commission for appraisement and sale and
such a party must necessarily require the court to exercise caution when
dealing with this sort of hybrid sale application and to carefully scrutinise
each application.

27 Recently, Teare J in _The Union Gold_ held that as a matter of general
principle the court should not order a sale to a buyer found by the arresting
party notwithstanding that the proposed price appeared to be at or about the
market value of the vessel. In _The Union Gold_ , the applicant mortgagee bank
arrested four small cargo vessels on 24 May 2013, and thereafter applied for
an order that they be sold _pendente lite_ to named buyers at named prices.
The defendant shipowner owed the mortgagee bank EUR 4.5 million on a loan that
was secured by mortgages over three of those four vessels (the three vessels
were _Union Emerald_ , _Union Silver_ and _Union Gold_). In addition, the
aggregate debt of EUR 13.5 million was separately secured by a mortgage on the
fourth vessel (_Union Pluto_). Besides the bank, there were other creditors
with _in rem_ claims against the vessels. The bank had received an offer to
purchase all four vessels at various prices which either exceeded the highest
valuations obtained by the bank or were within the range of the valuation. For
example, the bank received an offer of EUR 329,000 which was in excess of the
bank’s valuation of _Union Pluto_. I will come to the facts of the fourth
vessel, _Union Pluto_ , in due course.

28 Teare J had a number of concerns with the mortgagee bank’s application for
a direct sale. First, the private direct sale was without the usual
appraisement conducted by the Admiralty Marshal. Second, seeking the court’s
approval of a sale to a named buyer at a named price had the effect of asking
the court to appraise the value of the vessels and in the course of this
revealed the valuations obtained by the bank to potential buyers. This
contrasted with the usual case where the vessel is appraised by the Admiralty
Marshal and the appraised value is kept confidential. Third, the direct sale
to the named buyer would do away with the need to advertise the sale and
invite offers to buy the vessels. In fact, the court was simply asked to
approve a sale to a buyer found by the bank, and there was a risk that the
vessels would not be sold at the best possible price. All those concerns
strongly suggested to Teare J that it would be wrong in principle to depart
from the usual order that the Admiralty Marshal sell the vessels by
appraisement, advertisement and inviting bids for the vessels. As it was
important that the reputation of the Admiralty Court for impartiality for
judicial sale of vessels not be tarnished in any way, Teare J’s concern was
that acceding to the bank’s application might give the impression that the
Admiralty Marshal was acting for a particular _in rem_ claimant and the
defendant shipowner. With all these concerns, Teare J refused the bank’s
application that the first three vessels be sold to named buyers at named
prices.

29 I am in agreement with Waung J in _The Margo L_ and Teare J in _The Union
Gold_ that where a court is asked to depart from the normal course of
commissioning the Sheriff to appraise and sell the vessel, the applicant has
to identify the existence of “ _powerful special features_ ” or “ _special
circumstance_ s” before the court will be prepared to make the order that is
sought.

30 In _Bank of Scotland v “Nel” (The)_ (1997) 140 FTR 271, a vessel was loaded
with 34,398 tonnes of sulphur that was to be carried from British Columbia to
Tunisia when it was arrested. The mortgagee was concerned that the sulphur
would cause severe corrosion damage to the vessel and the possibility of off-
loading the sulphur was considered but found to be very expensive. The
mortgagee found a purchaser who would carry the cargo to its destination and
was willing to pay 20% above the valuations prepared by shipbrokers. Although
the Canadian court noted that the mortgagee was acting purely out of self-
interest, in allowing the private sale, it acknowledged (at [15]):

In the present instance, the sale may well suit the Plaintiff's purposes, but
there are also broader common purposes including the ability to obtain proper
value for a vessel that is at present apparently seaworthy but if left for a
number of weeks, to accomplish a court ordered sale, might develop corrosion
damage, become suspect as to condition and seaworthiness and thus be difficult
to sell at a good price. Moreover, any buyer would likely insist that the
cargo be off-loaded, a large expense coming out of the sale price, for no
knowledgable (sic) buyer would be interested in a ship loaded with a cargo of
sulphur say three or four months old or with trying to deliver that cargo by a
voyage through a tropical or subtropical climate, with the prospect of adding
to the corrosion damage which would almost certainly have begun.

31 In _The Union Gold_ , Teare J agreed to the bank’s application to sell the
fourth vessel, _Union Pluto_ , to a buyer found by the bank and at a named
price as there were “ _special circumstances_ ” pertaining to the fourth
vessel that warranted such an order. There was evidence that a prompt sale was
crucial to preserving a long-term contract which provided business for this
vessel. If the long-term contract was lost (and there was evidence that it was
at risk of being lost), then jobs of 21 persons including crew and shore-based
personnel would be lost. The fourth vessel was also an old ship that was
unlikely to attract buyers. Besides, the named buyer was in a position to
retain and operate the long-term contract, and if that contract was lost, the
named buyer was not likely to buy the fourth vessel. All these matters
persuaded Teare J that, exceptionally, there was a need for a prompt sale and
hence it was appropriate to grant the order sought.

32 These two cases illustrate what might constitute “ _powerful special
features_ ” or “ _special circumstances_ ”. In the final analysis, much will
depend on the facts of each case. Cogent evidence of exceptional circumstances
must be adduced by a party seeking judicial confirmation of a private direct
sale.

Decision

33 The concerns expressed by Teare J in _The Union Gold_ (see [28] above)
featured equally in the present case. As such, I too share the same concerns
as Teare J and I adopt them for their relevance and applicability with the
same force and effect to the facts of the Sanction Applications. On the
evidence, it was clear that the Direct Private Sale was a private arrangement
that the Bank had entered with a named purchaser for a named price to suit its
own purposes. In fact, the intention to sell the Vessels to the named buyer at
a named price was present before proceedings _in rem_ were commenced (see [2]
above). Such a sale cannot be lightly sanctioned as a matter of admiralty
jurisprudence. At the risk of repetition, the purpose to be achieved by an
admiralty judicial sale is to protect the rights of and benefit all interested
persons, not just the rights and interests of the arresting party and the
defendant shipowner.

34 The affidavit evidence filed in support of the Sale Applications did not
show, and hence, did not support a departure from the normal sale order for
the Sheriff to sell the Vessels by appraisement, advertisement and invitation
to submit bids to purchase the vessel.

35 Notably, the Bank’s affidavit sworn by one of its officers disclosed a
short one page memorandum summarizing the processes taken by its appointed
shipbroker as evidence of the steps that it took to bring each of the Vessels
to the market and the process by which the eventual proposed purchaser was
selected. The memorandum states that the Bank has been “ _aggressively
marketing the Vessels on a global basis to ensure all potential buyers were
aware that the Vessels were for sale_ ”.[note: 3] Given that the Bank is
trying to persuade the court to depart from the normal course of commissioning
the Sheriff to appraise and sell the Vessels, leaving aside the lack of any “
_powerful special features_ ” or “ _special circumstances_ ” for the moment,
one would have expected the Bank to provide more detailed evidence of the
steps it had taken to bring the sale of the arrested vessel to the attention
of the market at large.

36 Furthermore, based on the two valuations provided by the Bank, the price
offered by each of the named purchaser was not significantly higher than the
appraised values. It was not enough to simply state that the highest amounts
that other potential buyers on the market were willing to pay for the Vessels
were below the appraised values. There was also scant information about the
other serious bidder who the Bank’s shipbrokers said it considered.

37 Finally, the Bank pointed to the estimated weekly expenses of maintaining
the Vessels. In fact, this seemed to be the main justification put forward for
the private sale. While they were not insignificant, having regard to the
potential value of the Vessels, I was of the opinion that these expenses do
not constitute “ _powerful special features_ ” or “ _special circumstances_ ”
that justify the court departing from the usual course of ordering the
appraisement and sale of the Vessels.

38 In the present case, just because no other claimants with _in rem_ claims
against the Vessels have stepped forward was not a reason for this court to
approve the Direct Private Sale as an admiralty judicial sale. As mentioned,
the priority of competing _in rem_ claims to the proceeds from the sale of an
arrested vessel is a matter for consideration after the vessel has been sold
and the sale proceeds paid into court. Accordingly, I refused the Bank’s
applications to sanction the Direct Private Sale of the Vessels as an
admiralty judicial sale. Instead, I granted the alternative prayer for the
Vessels to be appraised and sold by the Sheriff.

* * *

[note: 1]Dr Clemens Hillmer’s Affidavit sworn on 28 January 2013 (ADM 37/2013)
at [27] & Exhibit “CH-12” at p 270; Dr Clemens Hillmer’s Affidavit sworn on 28
January 2013 (ADM 44/2013) at [27] & Exhibit “CH-12” at p 270.

[note: 2]Ute Haverkamp 2nd Affidavit (ADM 37/2013) at Exhibit UH-15 at p 12);
Ute Haverkamp 2nd Affidavit (ADM 44/2013) at Exhibit UH-15 at p 12).

[note: 3]Ute Haverkamp 2nd Affidavit, at Exhibit UH-14.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Aug 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

