Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ang Thiam Swee _v_ Low Hian Chor  
[2013] SGCA 11

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 123 of 2011, Summons No 1423 of 2012 and
Summons No 2120 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 January 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Yew Cheng (Leong Partnership) for the appellant; Foo
Soon Yien and Diana Seah Kanglin (Bernard & Rada Law Corporation) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Ang Thiam Swee — Low Hian Chor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 10.]

31 January 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal arises from a dispute between two residual minority shareholders
over the purported misappropriation of company funds. The appellant, Mr Ang
Thiam Swee (“Ang”), started his career as a mechanical worker at the age of
17. He met the respondent, Mr Low Hian Chor (“Low”), in the 1970s, while they
were operating metal fabrication machines at two previous companies. At the
latter of these two companies, Soon Seng Engineering Pte Ltd, they became
acquainted with Mr Alfred Gan. In time, Mr Alfred Gan then introduced them to
his brother, Mr Gan Oh Boon (“Gan”), and proposed that the three of them start
a company to fabricate steel parts for pressure vessels and other industrial
uses.[note: 1] Gan proposed that Ang and Low would provide their expertise in
operating the company’s machines and meeting the technical requirements of
customers, while he would take care of the business side of the company.
Alfred Gan would, in turn, help to bring in business through his own company.
Neither Ang nor Low was asked to provide funds to set up this business. Ang
and Low accepted this arrangement in exchange for a 10% shareholding each, and
all three (_ie_ , Ang, Low and Gan) were to be appointed as directors.

2 The company, Steel Forming & Rolling Specialists Pte Ltd (“the Company”),
was incorporated in February 1984 with three initial subscribers holding one
ordinary share of S$1 each.[note: 2] By April 1989, the shareholding in the
Company had crystallised into the following proportions – Ang and Low each
held 10% of the Company’s shares and Gan held the rest of the shares as the
majority shareholder. The parties are agreed that Gan managed the Company’s
finances as if they were his own, and never held any meetings to discuss his
financial decisions.[note: 3] In effect, while the business was nominally a
company, it was, as a matter of fact, run as a sole proprietorship by Gan.

3 Initially, Ang’s role was to operate the flanging machine which manufactured
the steel disc ends. He also drew up all the quotations for the purchasers of
these products. Subsequently, he focused on meeting customers to bring in
business and supervising the fabrication process in the Company’s
workshop.[note: 4] Low started as the Company’s welder and set up the main
machines used for the fabrication of its steel products. By the time of these
proceedings, he was solely in charge of the Company’s manufacturing operations
and also trained workers to handle the fabrication machines.

The history of the dispute

4 On 27 October 2009, Gan was convicted of making fraudulent tax claims on
alleged expenses of the Company amounting to S$1,620,000, and sentenced to
imprisonment for two weeks. He was also statutorily disqualified from his
directorship of the Company under s 154 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the Companies Act”).[note: 5] The Company was charged together with Gan
and incurred a penalty of S$988,933.58, to be paid in monthly instalments of
S$65,928.90.[note: 6]

5 After these events, the Company’s board of directors (which then comprised
just Ang and Low) engaged Stone Forest Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd (“Stone
Forest”) to check the Company’s accounts. Stone Forest’s investigations
revealed that Gan had taken loans amounting to S$1,747,776.30 from the
Company, and had in total misappropriated sums of up to S$5,383,560.[note: 7]
Bankruptcy proceedings[note: 8] were initiated by the Company against Gan on
16 December 2009. In February 2010, Gan attempted to convene an extraordinary
general meeting (“EOGM”) to remove Low as a director and invalidate the
Company’s appointment of lawyers to pursue the bankruptcy proceedings against
him (Gan). However, the articles of association of the Company required a
quorum of two members to be present in person. Ang elected to side with Low
and declined Gan’s request to attend the meeting. Gan’s attempt to stifle the
proceedings against him failed. Eventually, he was declared a bankrupt on 6
May 2010.[note: 9]

6 On 15 July 2011, Low filed Originating Summons No 591 of 2011 (“the
Application”) seeking leave under s 216A of the Companies Act to commence an
action in the name of the Company against Ang for breach of director’s
duties.[note: 10] Low’s position in the proceedings below was that Stone
Forest’s report dated 14 October 2010 (which was one of four reports produced
by Stone Forest in respect of the Company’s accounts) also revealed that Ang
had, as a co-signatory of the Company’s account with DBS Bank Ltd (“DBS”),
similarly misappropriated the Company’s funds.

The decision below

7 The learned judge below (“the Judge”) allowed the Application, being
satisfied that all three limbs of s 216A of the Companies Act had been met.
However, the Judge did not allude to any particular reasons for his
conclusion, apart from finding that “ _prima facie ..._ there was a
significant amount of monies that had been misappropriated from the [Company],
and ... Ang had committed multiple serious breaches of his duties as a
director” (see _Low Hian Chor v Steel Forming & Rolling Specialists Pte Ltd
and another_ [2012] SGHC 10 (“the Judgment”) at [7]). It is also noteworthy
that Low was not granted leave to commence a statutory derivative action in
relation to instalment payments on Ang’s car and director’s fees of S$30,000,
as both of these had also been available to the other directors of the
Company. Leave to bring a statutory derivative action in respect of one very
substantial head of claim amounting to S$1,719,200.40 was also rejected as
that sum had been paid out to suppliers pursuant to invoices which had been
duly issued. The final result of the Judge’s decision was that Low had leave
to bring a statutory derivative action against Ang on four of the original
seven heads of claim pertaining to payments made by the Company to Ang,
irregular payments of incentives and secret commissions, as well as a lump sum
transfer of S$200,000 into a joint account with Ang’s name.

The current claims

8 Before this court, each party, in addition to the appeal proper, also took
out an application for leave to adduce further evidence. In Summons No 1423 of
2012 (“SUM 1423/2012”), Ang sought leave to adduce copies of general ledger
records and cash disbursement journals showing 19 payments by the Company to
Low between 2002 and 2008, as well as payment vouchers to the Company’s
bookkeeper, Rafidah binte Jumati (“Rafidah”), as “payment of incentive”[note:
11] [emphasis in original omitted]. Low’s application (_viz_ , Summons No 2120
of 2012 (“SUM 2120/2012”)) pertained to the admission of cheque images for 19
of the 24 transactions in dispute. This being an interlocutory appeal, we saw
no difficulty in allowing both applications as the evidence in question was
material.

Section 216A of the Companies Act

9 The relevant portions of s 216A of the Companies Act are as follows:

(2) Subject to subsection (3), a complainant may apply to the Court for leave
to bring an action in the name and on behalf of the company or intervene in an
action to which the company is a party for the purpose of prosecuting,
defending or discontinuing the action on behalf of the company.

(3) No action may be brought and no intervention in an action may be made
under subsection (2) unless the Court is satisfied that —

(_a_) the complainant has given 14 days’ notice to the directors of the
company of his intention to apply to the Court under subsection (2) if the
directors of the company do not bring, diligently prosecute or defend or
discontinue the action;

(_b_) the complainant is acting in good faith; and

(_c_) it appears to be prima facie in the interests of the company that the
action be brought, prosecuted, defended or discontinued.

10 Section 216A is modelled on s 239 of the Canada Business Corporations Act
(RSC 1985, c C-44), and is also _in pari materia_ with s 236 and s 237 of the
Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). It will therefore be useful to
consider the jurisprudence emanating from these two jurisdictions in
determining how our local provision should be applied.

11 We should add that there is no dispute as to Low having fulfilled the
procedural requirement of 14 days’ notice under s 216A(3)(_a_).[note: 12]

The requirement of good faith in a statutory derivative action

12 The issue of good faith in the context of a statutory derivative action is
often obtruded by the qualification that this issue is a matter for the court
to determine on the particular facts of each case. Because of the
susceptibility of “good faith” to casuistic assessment, a conceptual framework
is needed to guide the court’s exercise of its discretion. In _Pang Yong Hock
and another v PKS Contracts Services Pte Ltd_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Pang Yong
Hock_ ”), this court began the process by directing at [20] that:

The best way of demonstrating good faith is to show a legitimate claim which
the directors are unreasonably reluctant to pursue with the appropriate vigour
or at all. Naturally, the parties opposing a s 216A application will seek to
show that the application is motivated by an ulterior purpose, such as
dislike, ill-feeling or other personal reasons, rather than by the applicant’s
concern for the company. Hostility between the factions involved is bound to
be present in most of such applications. It is therefore generally
insufficient evidence of lack of good faith on the part of the applicant.
However, if the opposing parties are able to show that the applicant is _so
motivated by vendetta, perceived or real, that his judgment will be clouded by
purely personal considerations that may be sufficient for the court to find a
lack of good faith on his part. An applicant’s good faith would also be in
doubt if he appears set on damaging or destroying the company out of sheer
spite or worse, for the benefit of a competitor. It will also raise the
question whether the intended action is going to be in the interests of the
company at all. To this extent, there is an interplay of the requirements in s
216A(3)(b) and (c)._ [emphasis added]

13 It is clear from the above passage that the court ought to assess the
motivations of the applicant in order to determine whether he is acting in
good faith. It ought to be emphasised, however, that the motivations of an
applicant will only amount to a lack of good faith in so far as they go to
show that “his judgment [has been] clouded by purely personal considerations”
(see _Pang Yong Hock_ at [20]). This creates a crucial link between the
requirement of good faith in s 216A(3)(_b_) and the requirement in s
216A(3)(_c_), in that an applicant whose judgment is clouded by purely
personal considerations may not honestly _intend_ to serve the company’s
interests, and also may not be the proper party to _represent_ the company’s
interests. As such, it is not the questionable motivations of the applicant
_per se_ which amount to bad faith; instead, bad faith may be established
where these questionable motivations constitute a personal _purpose_ which
indicates that the company’s interests will not be served, _ie_ , that s
216A(3)(_c_) will not be satisfied. This crucial distinction between the
applicant’s _motivation_ or _motive_ on the one hand and his _purpose_ on the
other has been neatly encapsulated in Palmer J’s judgment in _Swansson v R A
Pratt Properties Pty Ltd and Another_ (2002) 42 ACSR 313 (“ _Swansson_ ”) at
[41] as follows:

To take another example: a derivative action sought to be instituted by a
current shareholder for the purpose of restoring value to his or her shares in
the company would not be an abuse of process even if the applicant is spurred
on by intense personal animosity, even malice, against the defendant: it is
not the law that only a plaintiff who feels goodwill towards a defendant is
entitled to sue ... On the other hand, an action sought to be instituted by a
former shareholder with a history of grievances against the current majority
of shareholders or the current board may be easier to characterise as brought
for the purpose of satisfying nothing more than the applicant’s private
vendetta. An applicant with such a purpose would not be acting in good faith.

14 Canadian case law has over time unequivocally established that an applicant
who acts out of self-interest need not be lacking in good faith. In _Primex
Investments Ltd v Northwest Sports Enterprises Ltd and 453333 BC Ltd_ [1996] 4
WWR 54 (“ _Primex Investments_ ”), which concerned s 225 of the British
Columbia Company Act (RSBC 1979, c 59) (now repealed and replaced by s 233 of
the British Columbia Business Corporations Act (SBC 2002, c 57)), Tysoe J
observed at [42] that:

I have no doubt that the Petitioner is acting out of self-interest in wanting
to prosecute the derivative action. The self-interest is to maximize the value
of its shares in Northwest by pursuing causes of action which it may have
against Mr. Griffiths and the other directors. The Petitioner’s self-interest
coincides with the interests of Northwest. This does not mean the Petitioner
is acting in bad faith: see _Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd. v.
Kalmacoff_ [(1995) 22 OR (3d) 577]. _Anything that benefits a company will
indirectly benefit its shareholders by increasing the share value and it is
hard to imagine a situation where a shareholder will not have a self-interest
in wanting the company to prosecute an action which is in its interests to
prosecute._ [emphasis added]

15 In _Richardson Greenshields of Canada Limited v Kalmacoff et al_ (1995) 22
OR (3d) 577 (“ _Richardson Greenshields_ ”) at 586–587, it was held that:

… [T]he extent of [the appellant shareholder’s] stake, monetary or otherwise,
in the outcome of these proceedings is of little weight in deciding whether it
has met the good faith test applicable to the present circumstances. ... I
think it significant that the appellant has had a long-standing commercial
connection with this class of shares and is familiar with the matters in
dispute. It acknowledges that it has clients who purchased shares on its
recommendation, and, it can be inferred from the shareholders’ vote, that it
voices the views of a substantial number of the preferred shareholders.
_Whether it is motivated by altruism, as the motions court judge suggested, or
by self-interest, as the respondents suggest, is beside the point. Assuming,
as I suppose, it is the latter, self-interest is hardly a stranger to the
security or investment business. Whatever the reason, there are legitimate
legal questions raised here that call for judicial resolution_. ... [emphasis
added]

16 The general tenor which emerges from the case law is that good faith is
dependent less on the motives which trigger the application for leave to bring
a statutory derivative action, and more on the purpose of the proposed
derivative action, which must have an obvious nexus with the company’s benefit
or interests. As this court noted in _Pang Yong Hock_ at [20], “there is an
interplay of the requirements in s 216A(3)(b) and (c)” (see the passage
extracted above at [12]).

17 Often, an applicant will have a number of overlapping motives, which in
turn may cloud the identification of his principal purpose in seeking leave to
commence a statutory derivative action. The present case involves just such a
confluence of factors. Before proceeding to examine Low’s motives and purpose,
however, it is important to first determine where the burden of proof lies
_vis-à-vis_ the requirement of good faith – _ie_ , whether the onus is on the
applicant to establish good faith or on the defendant to demonstrate a _lack
of_ good faith.

Whether Low should be presumed to be acting in good faith

18 In _Agus Irawan v Toh Teck Chye and others_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 471 (“ _Agus
Irawan_ ”), it was held that in the absence of any factors pointing to the
applicant’s lack of good faith, the court was entitled to “assume that every
party who [came] to Court with a reasonable and legitimate claim [was] acting
in good faith” (_per_ Choo Han Teck JC, as he then was, at [9]).

19 Such a broad proposition, however, finds no support from Canadian or
Australian case law. Indeed, the Australian position is that the applicant
bears the burden of showing that he meets the requirement of good faith. This
was clearly set out, _inter alia_ , by Middleton J in _South Johnstone Mill
Ltd (ACN 101 695 575) and Others v Dennis and Scales (ACN 004 044 987) and
Another_ (2008) 64 ACSR 447 at [67]:

I accept that **_more than_** _“_** _bald assertion” is required in order to
establish an applicant’s honest belief_** : _Swansson_ at [36] per Palmer J;
_Fiduciary v Morningstar_ [(2005) 53 ACSR 732] at [22] per Austin J. In fact,
in the present case no applicant has deposed that he or she honestly believes
that a good cause of action exists and has a reasonable prospect of success.
The applicants’ solicitor, Mr Maitland, has not sought to give hearsay
evidence as to the existence of such an honest belief. [emphasis added in bold
italics]

20 It is also the consistent position of the Canadian courts that the onus is
on the applicant to establish good faith. This was forcefully established in
_Tremblett v SCB Fisheries Ltd_ (1993) 116 Nfld & PEIR 139 (“ _Tremblett_ ”)
at [84], which was also cited with approval in _Primex Investments_ (at [38]):

… [I]n an application such as this there is _a substantial onus on an
applicant-complainant himself to positively establish “good faith”_. Unlike
the wording under s. 369 [of the Corporations Act (RSN 1990, c C-36)] with
respect to the “interests” of the corporation, the requirement here is that
the applicant must “satisfy” the court that he “is acting” in good faith.
Again, it seems to me that this is a logical and appropriate requirement where
the remedy sought is to place in the control of an applicant who is
potentially, and indeed perhaps usually, a minority shareholder or single
director, the authority to cause the resources of the corporation to be
directed towards pursuing a court proceeding which is not willingly pursued by
the majority of shareholders or the board. Even though this matter is assessed
on an application, as opposed to a trial, in my view there is a substantial
onus to be met by any applicant, including the applicant here, with respect to
the establishment of good faith. Good faith clearly is, and must be, an
essential and separate element, in light of the broad power which would
devolve on the granting of the application. [emphasis added]

21 Adopting a textual analysis similar to that undertaken by the Newfoundland
Supreme Court in _Tremblett_ leads us to a like conclusion, _mutatis mutandis_
, in relation to s 216A(3)(_b_). The positive wording of this provision
requires the court to be “satisfied” that “the complainant is acting in good
faith”. This militates against any presumption of good faith in favour of the
applicant. We are also mindful that at the second reading of the Companies
(Amendment) Bill (Bill 33 of 1992), the Minister for Finance, Dr Richard Hu
Tsu Tau (“Dr Richard Hu”), was keen to emphasise that (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (14 September 1992) vol 60 at col
231):

The clause [making provision for statutory derivative actions] would provide
more effective remedies for minority shareholders than existed at common law
at present. It would have the effect of overriding the obstacles put in the
way of such actions by the common law. _To ensure that the remedies that would
be open to shareholders are not abused and give rise to unjustified court
actions, section 216A contains strict conditions that must be satisfied before
any action can be brought against corporations._ [emphasis added]

22 At the third reading of the same Bill, Dr Richard Hu again noted concerns
about the potential abuse of s 216A and revealed that the Select Committee had
specifically sought to address this (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (28 May 1993) vol 61 at col 293):

The Committee recognised that the new sections would provide more effective
avenue for minority shareholders to protect their interests and that of the
company. Nevertheless, to meet some of the representor’s concern [that the new
statutory right might be open to abuse by minority shareholders], the
statutory derivative action will only be available in respect of unlisted
companies. The Committee is of the view that the proceedings and performance
of public-listed companies are already monitored by the various regulatory
authorities and disgruntled shareholders of such companies have an avenue in
that they can sell their shares in the open market. To further deter frivolous
applications, the Committee has also decided to give the Court the discretion
to order the complainant to furnish security for costs.

23 In the light of the clear language of the statute and Parliament’s evident
concerns with the potential abuse of s 216A, the irresistible conclusion must
be that the subject passage at [9] of _Agus Irawan_ requires qualification.
Indeed, it should be emphasised that in _Agus Irawan_ , Choo JC eventually
held that the assumption of good faith on the applicant’s part only arose
where the applicant had a “reasonable and legitimate claim” (at [9]). We also
note that the subject passage in _Agus Irawan_ was cited with approval by this
court in _Pang Yong Hock_ at [18]–[19], and was followed by the High Court in
both _Poondy Radhakrishnan and Another v Sivapiragasam s/o Veerasingam and
Another_ [2009] SGHC 228 at [21] and _Fong Wai Lyn Carolyn v Airtrust
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and another_ [2011] 3 SLR 980 (“ _Carolyn Fong_ ”) at
[72(a)]_._ In our view, _no_ presumption of good faith applies in favour of
the applicant where s 216(3)(_b_) of the Companies Act is concerned. Instead,
as Judith Prakash J correctly determined in _Tam Tak Chuen v Eden Aesthetics
Pte Ltd and another (Khairul bin Abdul Rahman and another, non-parties)_
[2010] 2 SLR 667 at [12] (citing the Nova Scotia Court of Appeal case of _L &
B Electric Limited v Oickle_ [2006] NSCA 41), the onus is on the applicant to
establish good faith.

Factors to be considered in establishing good faith

24 A leading Canadian treatise has described the requirement of “good faith”
as meaningless (see Bruce Welling, _Corporate Law in Canada: The Governing
Principles_ (Scribblers Publishing, 3rd Ed, 2006) at p 511). Be that as it
may, case law suggests that certain factors can indeed be identified as being
constitutive of good faith.

25 The Canadian courts have typically looked to the applicant’s _honest
belief_ in the merits of the proposed statutory derivative action as a strong
indicator of good faith. This was summarised by Williams J in _Discovery
Enterprises Inc v Ebco Industries Ltd_ [1997] BCTC LEXIS 5338 (“ _Discovery
Enterprises_ ”) at [105]–[106]:

105 Discovery’s _belief in the merits of the proposed action is central to the
court’s determination of good faith_. Discovery cites Intercontinental
Precious Metals v. Cooke (1993), 10 B.L.R. (2d) 203 (B.C.S.C.). In that case,
Tysoe J. held that the fact that the petitioner believed the company had been
wronged by its directors was a prima facie indication that the petitioner was
acting in good faith. He stated at p. 216:

The materials disclose that IPM is prima facie acting in good faith in wanting
the derivative action to be commenced. IPM believes that Rembrandt has been
wronged by, among others, its directors and they have declined to cause
Rembrandt to prosecute the action. IPM is prima facie acting in good faith in
wanting the wrongs to be redressed for the benefit of Rembrandt.

106 The same conclusion was reached by Tysoe J. in [_Primex Investments_], at
p. 312:

Mr. Rennison believes that Mr. Griffiths has acted improperly and, if there
were no substance behind the belief, one could conclude that he is pursuing a
vendetta. However, as I conclude when dealing with the criteria under s.
225(3)(c) [of the British Columbia Company Act (RSBC 1979, c 59)], there is an
arguable case that Northwest has a claim against Mr. Griffiths. Mr. Rennison
cannot be said to be acting in bad faith because he wants to pursue what he
genuinely considers to be a valid claim against Mr. Griffiths.

[emphasis added]

26 In _Discovery Enterprises_ at [117], Williams J also noted other factors
which would be considered:

I do not agree with Discovery that the question of an honest belief in the
merits of the proposed action is the determinative factor in a finding of good
faith. _It will certainly be strong evidence of the existence of good faith,
but the test involves many more factors as earlier alluded to in the
authorities, such as existing shareholder disputes and alleged ulterior
motives_. _Good faith is a separate pre-requisite under the Company Act [(RSBC
1979, c 59)], and in my opinion must be treated as such._ [emphasis added]

27 In Australia, the test of good faith centres mainly on two factors that
have been helpfully set out by Palmer J in _Swansson_ at [35]–[36], namely:

35 At this early stage in the development of the law on the statutory
derivative action created by Pt 2F.1A [of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)] it
would be unwise to endeavour to state compendiously the considerations to
which the courts will have regard in determining whether applicants in all
categories defined by s 236(1) are acting in good faith. The law will develop
incrementally as different factual circumstances come before the courts.

36 Nevertheless, in my opinion, there are at least two interrelated factors to
which the courts will always have regard in determining whether the good faith
requirement of s 237(2)(b) is satisfied. _The first is whether the applicant
honestly believes that a good cause of action exists and has a reasonable
prospect of success_. Clearly, whether the applicant honestly holds such a
belief would not simply be a matter of bald assertion: the applicant may be
disbelieved if no reasonable person in the circumstances could hold that
belief. The second factor is whether the applicant is seeking to bring the
derivative suit _for such a collateral purpose as would amount to an abuse of
process_.

[emphasis added]

28 On the issue of whether the legal merits of the proposed statutory
derivative action should be taken into account in the determination of the
applicant’s good faith, some Canadian courts appear to have gone further to
treat such legal merits as an overarching consideration which underpins all
the preconditions for a statutory derivative action. This was the position
adopted by Robins JA, delivering judgment on behalf of the Ontario Court of
Appeal in _Richardson Greenshields_ at 585:

The court is not called upon at the leave stage to determine questions of
credibility or to resolve the issues in dispute, and ought not to try. These
are matters for trial. _Before granting leave, the court should be satisfied
that there is a reasonable basis for the complaint and that the action sought
to be instituted is a legitimate or arguable one_. The preconditions of s. 339
[of the Trust and Loan Companies Act (SC 1991, c 45)] cannot be considered in
isolation. Whether they have been satisfied must be determined in the light of
the potential validity of the proposed action. [emphasis added]

29 This can be contrasted with the more subjective investigation into whether
the applicant honestly or reasonably believes that a good cause of action
exists, which test has been avowed in other Canadian cases (see, _eg_ ,
_Discovery Enterprises_) and also Australian jurisprudence as a key factor in
the positive proof of the applicant’s good faith. Our courts appear to have
added a further gloss to the _Richardson Greenshields_ approach apropos the
legal merits of the proposed statutory derivative action. This approach was
adopted by Lai Kew Chai J in _Teo Gek Luang v Ng Ai Tong and others_ [1998] 2
SLR(R) 426 (“ _Teo Gek Luang_ ”), and was followed by Choo JC in _Agus Irawan_
, who went one step further to find (at [9]) that the presence of a
“reasonable and legitimate claim” would create an assumption of good faith.
Both of these cases were then cited with approval in _Pang Yong Hock_ , where
this court regarded them as “generally beyond reproach” (at [19]).
Subsequently, in _Carolyn Fong_ , Prakash J held at [72(b)] that “bad faith
[was] usually inferred from the lack of an arguable cause of action or a
_prima facie_ case”. This survey of the case law reveals a piecemeal evolution
which has incrementally incepted objective considerations of legal merits into
s 216A(3)(_b_) of the Companies Act. It appears to us that this development
detracts from both the language and the substance of the provision. While the
applicant’s good faith and the merits of his application need not be
unconnected (for example, as pointed out in _Swansson_ , the court may find
that the applicant lacks good faith if no reasonable person in his position
could believe that a good cause of action existed), they are not necessarily
connected. Contrary to Prakash J’s view in _Carolyn Fong_ , an applicant might
– albeit quixotically – seek to bring a statutory derivative action in good
faith even where there is no arguable or legitimate case to be advanced
(although the proposed action in this scenario would arguably not be _prima
facie_ in the interests of the company for the purposes of s 216A(3)(_c_) (see
[53]–[58] below)). Similarly, an applicant with a legitimate case may be found
to be lacking in good faith if he “is so motivated by vendetta, perceived or
real, that his judgment will be clouded by purely personal considerations”
(see _Pang Yong Hock_ at [20]). As such, the conceptual integrity of the good
faith requirement demands that any considerations of legal merits under this
head must be yoked to the intents and purposes of the applicant who is seeking
to initiate a statutory derivative action, _ie_ , to an assessment of whether
the applicant honestly or reasonably believes that there is a good cause of
action. This is not inconsistent with the decision of this court in _Pang Yong
Hock_ , particularly in the oft-cited dicta at [20] that “[t]he best way of
demonstrating good faith is to show a legitimate claim which the directors are
unreasonably reluctant to pursue with the appropriate vigour or at all”.

30 One consequence of the fixation on the legal merits of the proposed
statutory derivative action is that local jurisprudence has been sparse on the
substantive relevance of the applicant’s motives to the assessment of his good
faith. What is nevertheless clear, following _Pang Yong Hock_ , is that
hostility alone cannot constitute bad faith. However, no test has been
articulated as to the point at which an applicant’s motives will collaterally
impugn his good faith. The Australian position is that the applicant lacks
good faith where his collateral purpose amounts to an abuse of process (see
_Swansson_ at [37]). This test resonates, as abuse of process is one of the
grounds for striking out an action under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). In this context, it is settled law that an action
brought for an ulterior or collateral purpose may be struck out as an abuse of
the process of the court (see _Gabriel Peters & Partners (suing as a firm) v
Wee Chong Jin and others_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [22], citing _Lonrho plc v
Fayed (No 5)_ [1993] 1 WLR 1489). Given that the statutory derivative action
under s 216A of the Companies Act also relates to a similar exercise wherein
the court has to evaluate the _bona fides_ of the applicant based on affidavit
evidence, the “abuse of process” test provides a useful standard by which to
decide whether the applicant’s collateral purpose amounts to bad faith. In
this regard, it should be borne in mind that the purpose of the statutory
derivative action is to provide (see _Pang Yong Hock_ at [19]):

… a procedure for the protection of genuinely aggrieved minority interests and
for doing justice to a company while ensuring that the company’s directors are
not unduly hampered in their management decisions by loud but unreasonable
dissidents attempting to drive the corporate vehicle from the back seat.

31 The onus is upon the applicant to demonstrate that he is or may be
“genuinely aggrieved” (see _Pang Yong Hock_ at [19]), and that his collateral
purpose is sufficiently consistent with the purpose of “doing justice to a
company” (see likewise _Pang Yong Hock_ at [19]) so that he is not abusing the
statute, and, by extension, also the company, as a vehicle for his own aims
and interests.

Whether Low is acting in good faith

Motives and collateral purpose

32 The evidence before the court reveals that Low has several motives in
seeking leave to commence a statutory derivative action. First, it is clear
that there has been for some time no small amount of ill will between the
parties. Ang suggests that Low might have begun to plot against him when
conflicts began to arise between them. The two clashed primarily over several
financial matters, such as payments to one Peter Lim, an advisor to the
Company brought on board by Low, increasing the directors’ salary from S$8,000
to S$22,000 a month and also the co-signing of cheques for workers’
salaries.[note: 13]

33 It also appears that during the investigations into the Company’s finances,
Low learnt that he had not received his “full remuneration” as a director and
was upset. At para 69 of his affidavit filed on 9 September 2011, Low
stated:[note: 14]

(c) … [U]pon receiving Ang’s Affidavit and seeing the accounts I made
inquiries with the accounts personnel in the Company, Rafidah. I was informed
by the accounts personnel Rafidah that Gan did not release some of my
dividends to me as he told me that they would be used for the Company Initial
Public Offering (“IPO”);

(d) As income tax was levied on the dividends due to me, the Company paid for
the income tax accruing to the unpaid dividends and this was done on Gan’s
instructions without my knowledge _and the fact that Ang knew about it shows
that Ang had conspired with Gan to keep me from being paid my rightful
dividends ..._ ”

[emphasis added]

34 Low now claims that he only found out about the aforesaid dividends during
the investigations by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) into
Gan’s fraudulent tax claims.[note: 15]

35 A similar situation arises in relation to Low’s director’s fees – Low
appears to be attempting to even the score after discovering that Ang had been
paid more director’s fees. This can be seen from para 74 of Low’s affidavit of
9 September 2011, which states:[note: 16]

(c) This sum of $525,704.59 included director’s fee which Ang received in
excess of what I received. Initially I made the decision to treat the
excessive director’s fee payment as fraudulent and hence allowed it to be in
the $525,704.59 computation;

(d) Later I decided that I would instead be paid this excess sum so that the
excess payment is treated as a civil claim by me for director’s fee due to me
as I had not received any director’s fees for that year.

36 Further down in the same affidavit (at para 76 thereof), Low added
that:[note: 17]

(d) As I am a fellow director and equal shareholder, whatever Ang had received
as director’s fees should also be due to me and I therefore will proceed to
claim for the sum of S$130,250.49 as director’s fees;

(e) However, if Ang is now saying that I am not entitled to S$130,250.49 as
director’s fees, by logical inference, the sum of S$130,250.49 as director’s
fees that he received is a defalcation and should be added to the amount that
the Company is entitled to claim from him ...

37 It would therefore appear that Low is intent on restoring remunerative
parity with Ang, in that he treats a personal claim for equivalent fees from
the Company interchangeably with a derivative action against Ang for the
return of those fees. This is a strong indication that Low is motivated as
much by spite as by the prospect of gain.

38 Second, there are intimations in the letters sent by Low’s solicitors,
Bernard & Rada Law Corporation (“B&R”), on his behalf that Low was worried
about the prospect of Gan returning to the Company. First, in B&R’s letter
dated 7 March 2011 to Ang’s solicitors, Leong Partnership, it was revealed
that Low had caught wind of a potential takeover:[note: 18]

6\. … [Y[our client [_ie_ , Ang] has in the recent past few months publicly
announced to Company staff that:–

6.1 one of the company’s customers, “Technics” (it is unclear whether your
client refers to Technics Oil and Gas Limited or its wholly owned subsidiary
Technics Offshore Engineering Pte Ltd) (“Technics”), has the resources and
would be buying over Gan’s 80% shareholding of the Company.

6.2 In this respect, Technics will pump SGD3.5 million into the Company, “kick
out” our client, and further pay Gan SGD3,000 every month (for unspecified
reasons).

39 Subsequently, in Low’s affidavit filed on 9 September 2011, he stated (at
para 9) that:[note: 19]

(d) … [I]t has also come to my attention recently that the employees of the
Company were informed by Ang that he intended to re-employ Gan, pay him a
remuneration of S$3000.00 per month and oust me as director of the Company.

40 Finally, in Low’s written submissions dated 14 September 2011 for the
proceedings before the High Court, the allegation was couched as
follows:[note: 20]

22.2 The employees of [the] Company were informed by Ang that he intended to
re-employ Gan, pay him a remuneration of S$3000.00 per month and oust [Low] as
director of [the] Company. Further, Ang has in the recent past few months
publicly announced to Company staff that:–

a. [O]ne of the Company’s customers, “Technics” ... has the resources and
would be buying over Gan’s 80% shareholding of the Company.

b. In this respect, Technics would pump SGD3.5 million into the Company, “kick
out” [Low], and further pay Gan SGD3,000 every month (for unspecified
reasons).

41 It is not apparent, however, whether Low was simply relying on this
rumoured buy-out as a premise to take action against Ang or whether he was
genuinely worried that such a situation might transpire.

42 While it might not be immediately apparent which of the aforesaid motives
at [32]–[41] above resonated the most with Low, it is at least evident that he
has the burden of showing that these motives do not amount to a collateral
purpose unconnected with doing justice to the Company. _The overriding
impression is that Low feels he either has been or will be wronged, and is
using the statutory derivative action not as a means of pursuing the interests
of the Company, but to secure and/or advance his own interests within the
Company_. In this regard, he cannot be taken as having discharged the burden
of establishing that he is acting in good faith.

43 A fuller inquiry into Low’s motives raises genuine concerns about whether
the Application is an abuse of process. It is significant that Low’s letter of
demand to Ang for the return of monies allegedly misappropriated by the latter
from the Company was sent on 6 January 2011, within a month of the Company
being informed by the Official Assignee’s office that Gan had found two buyers
for his shares. Indeed it appears that there remains an outstanding offer to
purchase Gan’s shares for S$500,000 from Mr Jonathan Lim of M/s Apphia
Investments Pte Ltd. There is also no dispute that Low had previously offered,
_ostensibly_ along with Ang, to purchase Gan’s shares. By a letter dated 21
September 2010 sent to the Official Assignee’s office by Low’s solicitors, a
request was made for Gan’s statement of affairs as well as a list of any other
debts owed by him. This was so as to enable “[the Company’s] remaining
shareholders to consider if they should buy over [Gan’s] 80%
shareholding”.[note: 21] On 8 November 2010, the same solicitors wrote to the
Official Assignee stating that:[note: 22]

… [The Company’s] remaining shareholders Mr Ang Thiam Swee and Mr Low Hian
Chor are willing to consider buying over [Gan’s] 80% shareholding of the
[C]ompany at the total price of SGD100,000 (that is, SGD50,000 for a 40%
shareholding each).

44 In spite of the fact that these letters were sent on behalf of the Company,
Ang was only informed much later of the above-mentioned S$100,000 offer to the
Official Assignee,[note: 23] and does not appear to have been directly copied
in the letters. It is therefore unclear what purpose (other than to secure a
personal benefit) was to be achieved by Low’s unilateral inquiries and
representations to the Official Assignee. There is also a serious question
surrounding how the artificially deflated figure of S$100,000 was arrived at
when fully 80% of the Company’s shares were at stake. Finally, the letters
from Low’s solicitors to the Official Assignee repeatedly emphasised the
urgency of the purchase of Gan’s 80% shareholding due to the Company’s
“imminent collapse”,[note: 24] which has not come to pass. Taken as a whole,
the irregularity which attends to this entire episode raises serious concerns
about Low’s underlying motives.

45 Quite apart from any animus between the parties, Low plainly stands to
gain, at no personal cost, if the Company brings proceedings against Ang.
Should the money be returned to the Company, Low’s shareholding would increase
in value, and if Ang cannot pay, then Low would assume _de facto_ control over
the Company. When annealed with the elements of disgruntlement, spite, and
self-preservation, the prospect of pure personal gain appears to sharpen the
edge of Low’s motivations, and raises serious questions about his good faith.

46 We think that the Application has indeed been animated by such a compound
of private motives as to amount to a collateral personal purpose. Any justice
done for the Company would be, at best, incidental to the advancement of Low’s
own aims. _In this regard, it is indeed telling that Low has not managed to
secure the support of the Official Assignee of Gan for these proceedings._
Given the absence of any clear coincidence between the Company’s interests and
Low’s apparent collateral personal purpose of securing sole control of the
Company, it would be a patent abuse of process to allow him to use the Company
as a vehicle for his own private objects. We are therefore unable to agree
with the Judge, who found at [7] of the Judgment that Low was “acting in good
faith in seeking to bring this action on behalf of the [Company]”. As was
pointed out in _Pang Yong Hock_ , the _raison d’être_ of s 216A of the
Companies Act is to protect minority interests and do justice to the company.
The present application appears to be a cynical attempt to load the scales
against another minority shareholder on the pretence of doing justice to the
company, and, as such, fails at the very first hurdle of _bona fides_.

Honest belief in a good cause of action

47 Low’s own account of his motives in bringing the Application was that he
had initially noticed irregularities concerning Ang arising from Stone
Forest’s investigation into the misdeeds of Gan, but elected to wait until the
completion of the bankruptcy proceedings against Gan before taking further
action against Ang. At para 46 of his affidavit filed on 9 September 2011, Low
stated:[note: 25]

(c) Towards the tail end of Stone Forest’s investigation, they uncovered
several irregularities relating to Ang and informed me about them;

...

(e) At that time, partly because the Company was in a financially weak
position and partly because I did not have the resources nor time to pursue
actions against two errant directors, I decided to put aside investigations
into Ang’s dealings;

(f) _Once the court proceedings against Gan were over, I instructed Rafidah to
follow up on what Stone Forest had found, conduct detailed checks into the
Company’s accounts and check the extent of Ang’s defalcations;_ and

(g) Ang’s defalcations turned out to be so extensive and serious that as the
Company’s director, I was duty bound to take action against him to recover the
monies as it was in the Company’s best interests to clear up all wrong doings
[_sic_].

[emphasis added]

48 On the one hand, it might be noted that had Low sought to tar Ang with the
same brush as Gan from the outset, the latter two might have cooperated to
eject Low from the Company via an EOGM. On the other hand, it also appears
from the circumstances that Low was keen to assume sole control of the Company
by sequentially taking steps against Ang. Indeed, the alleged “improper”
payments to Ang may not in fact be improper.

49 Two out of the four reports produced by Stone Forest in respect of the
Company’s accounts were disclosed in these proceedings. Of the two reports,
only the latter, dated 14 October 2010 (“the 14 October 2010 Stone Forest
report”), makes any mention of unsubstantiated payments to Ang – and these
amounted to only two transactions totalling S$28,000. It is clear, however,
that Low contemplated initiating proceedings against Ang even before the 14
October 2010 Stone Forest report was released. This is evident from the report
itself, p 8 of which states that “[Low] also furnished us [with] a list of
withdrawals by Ang (amounting to S$505,704.59) and mentioned that the Company
would reserve its rights to pursue the same in due course”.[note: 26] As for
the other two Stone Forest reports (issued on 30 April 2010 and 14 May 2010
respectively) which were not furnished as evidence (because Stone Forest was
not agreeable to their use in legal proceedings),[note: 27] it is not clear
whether any impropriety on the part of Ang was alluded to in these two
reports. Low’s own position is that they contain no material relevant to the
present action.

50 As such, the evidence shows that far from Low having been informed by Stone
Forest about irregularities concerning Ang, he had instead volunteered
information about such irregularities to Stone Forest prior to the 14 October
2010 Stone Forest report. It is also telling that Low instructed the Company’s
bookkeeper, Rafidah, to continue looking into the irregularities, instead of
relying on Stone Forest’s reports. Even as regards his own purported motive in
seeking leave to bring a statutory derivative action, Low has not been
entirely forthright in his account of the events which led to the Application.

51 During the hearing, counsel for Low, Ms Foo Soon Yien (“Ms Foo”), was
referred to letters from IRAS to Low on 12 May 2010 and to Ang on 22 May 2010.
These showed the amount of tax penalties assessed by IRAS for each party to be
S$130,510.22 and S$128,276.20 respectively. These tax penalties were imposed
for undeclared benefits in kind received by the parties as directors of the
Company. The inference to be drawn from this is not just that Low and Ang
received approximately an equal amount of benefits in kind, but also that Low
was aware that as minority shareholders, both parties were treated equally. Ms
Foo belatedly attempted to explain that these penalties were largely related
to car allowances, but did not provide any satisfactory supporting evidence in
support of this assertion. It is also pertinent to note that of the 24
contested payments made to Ang, 11 were for either travel or entertainment
expenses, which constitute benefits in kind. These account for S$168,800 of
the total disputed sum of S$386,915.21, so that even if the matching treatment
as between Ang and Low were limited to benefits in kind, this would still
knock out over 40% of Low’s proposed claim. Moreover, many of these payments
overlap with those which are the subject matter of SUM 1423/2012, which
payments Low has persisted in challenging despite having accepted IRAS’s
penalties in relation to those transactions.

52 On the totality of the evidence before this court, we are not persuaded
that Low has an honest belief in the merits of the Application. Indeed, Low’s
primary objection to SUM 1423/2012 reveals as much. As mentioned earlier (at
[8] above), in SUM 1423/2012, Ang sought leave to adduce (_inter alia_)
general ledger records and cash disbursement journals showing 19 payments by
the Company to Low between 2002 and 2008. Low objected to the application on
the grounds that the documents in question did not in themselves prove that he
had actually received the 19 payments as these payments might have been
effected via cash cheques, which could have been paid to someone other than
him even though they were recorded in the Company’s books as having been paid
to him.[note: 28] Low contended that cheque images from the Company’s bank,
DBS, had to be produced first to show that the 19 payments were not made by
cash cheques. However, the same evidential deficiency could also apply to the
Application, which was supported only by payment vouchers showing alleged
improper payments by the Company to Ang. Low did not seem to have had the same
reservations about relying on cash cheques when he filed the Application, in
that seven of the payments allegedly made to Ang under the first head of claim
were made by cash cheques. This further illustrates the difficult questions
that arise once the probity of Low’s objections to SUM 1423/2012 is tested. On
the whole, it is abundantly clear to us that Low cannot have an honest belief
in the merits of the proposed statutory derivative action.

The _prima facie_ interests of the Company

53 To satisfy the requirement in s 216A(3)(_c_) of the Companies Act that the
proposed statutory derivation action appears to be “prima facie in the
interests of the company”, the applicant must cross the threshold of
convincing the court that the company’s claim would be legitimate and
arguable. This was first accepted in _Teo Gek Luang_ , following the Ontario
Court of Appeal’s decision in _Richardson Greenshields_. In _Agus Irawan_ ,
Choo JC further explained at [8] that:

… The terms “legitimate” and “arguable” must be given no other meaning other
than what is the common and natural one, that is, that the claim must have a
reasonable semblance of merit; not that it is bound to succeed or likely to
succeed, but that if proved the company will stand to gain substantially in
money or money’s worth. …

54 The same test was also applied recently in _Urs Meisterhans v GIP Pte Ltd_
[2011] 1 SLR 552 and _Carolyn Fong_. In the former, Tay Yong Kwang J opined at
[25] that:

The phrase “ _prima facie_ ” in s 216A(3)(_c_) requires the complainant to
show that there is a reasonable basis for the complaint and that the intended
action is a legitimate or arguable one, _ie_ , it has a reasonable semblance
of merit and is not one which is frivolous, vexatious or bound to be
unsuccessful ...

55 It is plain that at this interlocutory stage, the standard of proof
required is low, and only the most obviously unmeritorious claims will be
culled. Of particular relevance to the present appeal is that illegitimate
actions, whether due to the element of frivolity or vexation, will not be
considered to be _prima facie_ in the interests of the company. There is an
obvious overlap here with the requirement of good faith, in that an applicant
with a frivolous or vexatious claim will also typically be unable to
demonstrate an honest belief in the merits of the proposed statutory
derivative action or the absence of a collateral purpose amounting to an abuse
of process. As such, the same considerations which militated against Low’s
_bona fides_ will also undermine the legitimacy of the Application. In our
view, the Application is questionable and, if allowed, would disrupt the
Company’s operations for reasons unconnected with good corporate governance.
In reaching this conclusion, we have been especially persuaded by the fact
that Low has control over both the financial and the legal apparatus of the
Company. This is a far cry from the typical situation, where the applicant
seeking leave to bring a statutory derivative action is in a disadvantaged
position and has no access to key documents and papers. Indeed, the dynamics
of the present appeal are an exact reversal of the standard derivative action
– here, it is the applicant who has the upper hand and the defendant who is
agitating for access to the company’s books.

56 In determining whether the requirement in s 216A(3)(_c_) has been
satisfied, apart from a detached assessment of the merits in prosecuting the
proposed statutory derivative action, the court may also go further to examine
whether it would be in the practical and commercial interests of the company
for the action to be brought. In _Pang Yong Hock_ , this court also suggested
that some consideration be given to alternative remedies (at [21]–[22]):

21 ... A $100 claim may be meritorious but it may not be expedient to commence
an action for it. The company may have genuine commercial considerations for
not wanting to pursue certain claims. Perhaps it does not want to damage a
good, long-term, profitable relationship. It could also be that it does not
wish to generate bad publicity for itself because of some important
negotiations which are underway.

22 In considering the requirement in s 216A(3)(_c_), the court should also
consider whether there is another adequate remedy available, such as the
winding up of the company (_Barrett v Duckett_ [1995] 1 BCLC 243). ...

57 This passage is particularly pertinent to the High Court’s concern about
the significant amount of money which has been disbursed from the Company’s
bank account (see [7] of the Judgment). While the Company might have an
interest in recovering any misappropriated funds, it is difficult to see what
practical gain the Company could obtain from the present matter if it is
allowed to proceed further (_ie_ , if Low is given leave to bring a statutory
derivative action). This is a situation where the parties are pointing
accusatory fingers at each other, and neither party appears to be wholly
without blame. It is not clear how the proposed statutory derivative action
would resolve rather than actuate this. Moreover, the Official Assignee has
reserved his position on the matter, so that there is no positive affirmation
from the majority shareholder that the Company views the action as worthwhile.
Although it is self-evident that each application for leave to bring a
statutory derivative action should turn on its own merits rather than on the
view of the majority shareholder(s), the silence of the Official Assignee in
the present appeal does suggest that the Application is _outside of_ the
Company’s interest. This brings us back to the recurring theme that Low is
seeking to use s 216A of the Companies Act as a means of perpetuating his own
peripheral agenda. At the end of the day, the Company appears to be coping
well and neither of the two Stone Forest reports disclosed in these
proceedings raised any red flags. It is therefore our view that the
Application offers no practical or commercial merit for the Company. We are
thus unable to agree with the Judge below that the mere prospect of recovering
allegedly misappropriated funds would be _prima facie_ in the interests of the
Company in the circumstances of this case, especially when the majority
shareholder appears unsupportive.

58 It only remains for us to add that as a matter of pleading, considerations
of _objective_ legal merit may be more appropriately dealt with under s
216(A)(3)(_c_). There is a natural affinity between the interests of the
company in prosecuting a statutory derivative action and the legal merits of
that action, in that it cannot conceivably be _prima facie_ within the
interests of the company to bring an action which is wholly without any
legitimate or arguable basis. Given that this is an issue that has already
been examined earlier (see [28]–[29] above), we do not propose to rehearse the
same arguments.

Conclusion

59 On the totality of the above considerations, the present appeal is allowed
with costs here and below to Ang and the usual consequential orders. As for
the costs of SUM 1423/2012 and SUM 2120/2012, which we reserved at the hearing
of this appeal, we award these costs to Ang, given the usual rule that costs
should normally follow the event.

* * *

[note: 1]See Ang’s 1st affidavit at para 15 (at Core Bundle (“CB”) Vol 2, p
53).

[note: 2]See Low’s 1st affidavit at para 6 (at CB Vol 2, p 28).

[note: 3]See Ang’s 1st affidavit at para 25 (at CB Vol 2, p 55).

[note: 4]See Ang’s 1st affidavit at para 27 (at CB Vol 2, p 55).

[note: 5]See Low’s 1st affidavit at para 8 (at CB Vol 2, p 28).

[note: 6]_Id_ at para 9 (at CB Vol 2, p 29).

[note: 7]_Id_ at para 10 (at CB Vol 2, p 29).

[note: 8]See Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 41 of 2010/P (at CB Vol 2, pp
131–133).

[note: 9]See Ang’s 1st affidavit at para 49 (at CB Vol 2, pp 58–59).

[note: 10]See CB Vol 2, pp 4–6.

[note: 11]See prayer 1(b) of SUM 1423/2012.

[note: 12]See Record of Appeal (“ROA”) Vol 3 Part A, pp 268–273.

[note: 13]See ROA Vol 3 Part B, pp 86–89.

[note: 14]See ROA Vol 3 Part C, pp 96–97.

[note: 15]See ROA Vol 4 Part B, p 176.

[note: 16]See ROA Vol 3 Part C, p 99.

[note: 17]See ROA Vol 3 Part C, p 101.

[note: 18]See ROA Vol 3 Part A, p 278.

[note: 19]See ROA Vol 3 Part C, p 72.

[note: 20]See ROA Vol 3 Part C, p 260.

[note: 21]See ROA Vol 3 Part C, p 147.

[note: 22]See CB Vol 2, p 104.

[note: 23]See Ang’s 1st Affidavit at para 154 (at CB Vol 2, p 79).

[note: 24]See CB Vol 2, p 105.

[note: 25]See ROA Vol 3 Part C, p 85.

[note: 26]See CB Vol 2, p 83.

[note: 27]See ROA Vol 3 Part C, pp 92–93.

[note: 28]See Low’s affidavit filed on 27 April 2012 at para 56.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jan 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

