Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Fu Loong Lithographer Pte Ltd and others _v_ Mok Wai Hoe and another  
[2013] SGHC 226

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 569 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leo Cheng Suan & Teh Ee-von (Infinitus Law Corporation)
for the Plaintiffs; Lee Peng Khoon Edwin & Poonam Bai d/o Ramakrishnan
Gnanasekaran (Eldan Law LLP) for the 1st Defendant; Tan Tian Luh & Lin Zixian
(Chancery Law Corporation) for the 2nd Defendant.  
Parties| :|  Fu Loong Lithographer Pte Ltd and others — Mok Wai Hoe and
another  
  
28 October 2013|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This was an application by the Plaintiffs to invalidate certain rulings made
by the 1st Defendant in his capacity as chairperson of the 2nd Defendant, the
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1024, and to restrain the 1st
Defendant or any subsequent chairperson from making such rulings in the
future.

2 Specifically, the Plaintiffs sought to invalidate the 1st Defendant’s ruling
that the following motions, which were submitted by the Plaintiffs at an
Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) on 5 June 2013 (“the 5 June 2013 EGM”),
were “out of order”:

1.That the following matters be determined only by the management corporation
in a general meeting:

(b)appointment of legal representatives;

(e)appointment of any contractors or consultants or professional which costs
or fees exceed $500 in total.

3.That the following past resolutions, passed at the 26th and/or 27th Annual
General Meetings be revoked:

(a)the ratification of the Upgrading Work Expenses of about $530,000 or any
other sum;

(b)the adoption of all Financial Reports ended 30 June in years 2009, 2010,
2011 and 2012 and the interim Financial Report from 1 July 2012 to 31 July
2012;

(d)that the Management and Sinking Fund Contribution be increased to $24.00
and $19.50 per share value per month respectively;

(e)that there be no restriction placed on the 28th Council.

8.That the following late payment interest charges levied from October 2011 to
March 2013 on the following Subsidiary Proprietors be revoked and credited to
the Accounts of the following Subsidiary Proprietors:

(a)Block 53 #02-01/02, Fu Loong Lithographer Pte Ltd - $3,913.91

(b)Block 53 #03-01, In-Lite Enterprise (S) Pte Ltd - $1,681.35

(c)Block 53 #03-02/04, Caldecott Direct Marketing (Pte) Ltd - $2,018.19

(d)Block 53 #03-03, Poh Kim Video Pte Ltd - $1,681.35

(e)Block 53 #04-01, CKT Thomas Pte Ltd - $1,681.35

(f)Block 53 #04-02/04, Hock Guan Cheong Builder Pte Ltd - $2,232.33

(g)Block 53 #04-03, LCE Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd - $1,681.35

(h)Block 53 #05-02/04, KDT Holdings Pte Ltd - $2,751.32

9.That the applications by the subsidiary proprietors for the subdivision of
the following lots at Block 53 be approved:

(a) _Block 53 5th floor_ : #05-02/04

Job No. 1303 – Drawing No URA-101 of 7 Mar 2013

(b) _Block 53 3rd and 4th floor_ : #03-02/04, #04-02/04

Job No. 1033 – Drawing No URA-101 of 7 Mar 2013

(c) _Block 53 3rd and 4th floor_ : #03-01, #03-03, #04-01, #04-03

Job No. 1302 – Drawing No URA-101 of 7 Mar 2013

(d) _Block 53 2nd floor_ : #02-01/02

Job No. 1301 – Drawing No URA- 101 of 7 Mar 2013

and that the Managing Agent be duly authorised to sign all relevant documents,
forms, approvals required by the authority or statutory bodies.

10.That the MCST be authorised to commence legal action against Mok Wing Chong
for unauthorized use of the management and sinking funds for Upgrading
Expenses for Works done at Blocks 51 and 53 since June 2008 and for failing to
declare his interest in Mun Hean Asia Pte Ltd.

3 The Plaintiffs also applied for the following orders:

(a) that the 1st Defendant, or any other chairperson subsequently elected, be
restrained from making such rulings should the same or similar motions be put
forth for consideration by the general body at an EGM or Annual General
Meeting (“AGM”);

(b) that the rejection of certain votes by the 1st Defendant at the 5 June
2013 EGM on Motion 2 – which called for the termination of Chancery Law
Corporation as legal representatives of the 2nd Defendant with immediate
effect – on the basis that the voters were in conflict of interest be
invalidated; and

(c) that the 1st Defendant, or any other chairperson subsequently elected, be
restrained from rejecting votes by subsidiary proprietors who are entitled to
vote under the provisions of the Building Maintenance and Strata Management
Act (Cap 30C, 2008 Rev Ed) (“BMSMA”).

4 After hearing the parties, I invalidated the 1st Defendant’s rulings with
respect to Motions 1(b) and 1(e). However, I added the caveat that any future
and/or intended amendments to Motions 1(b) and 1(e) ought not to touch on the
legal representatives already appointed by the 2nd Defendant to defend itself
as a third party in a separate action brought by the Plaintiffs against
certain other parties (“S 311/2012”). Except for the 1st Defendant’s ruling on
Motion 10, which application for invalidation was not proceeded with by the
Plaintiffs, I validated the 1st Defendant’s ruling on the rest of the motions
(as listed in [2] above), and refused the other orders sought by the
Plaintiffs (as listed in [3] above).

5 I now give my reasons as the Plaintiffs have appealed against the following
parts of my decision:

(a) that the 1st Defendant’s rulings with respect to Motions 3(a), 3(b), 8 and
9 are validated;

(b) that the Plaintiffs are not to table any amendments to Motions 1(b) and
1(e) that touch on the legal representatives already appointed by the 2nd
Defendant in S 311/2012; and

(c) that the 1st Defendant’s rejection of the Plaintiffs’ votes on Motion 2 at
the 5 June 2013 EGM on the basis that the voters were in conflict of interest
is validated.

The statutory context

6 A broad overview of how the BMSMA framework operates is helpful to
understanding the context giving rise to this dispute (I will examine the
relevant provisions in greater detail later).

7 The BMSMA is a piece of legislation governing the maintenance and management
of buildings, in particular strata developments. Under the BMSMA, certain
powers, duties and functions are vested in the management corporation (“MC”)
for a strata development, which comprises the subsidiary proprietors of all
lots in the development. Usually, the MC exercises its powers through an
elected council. The chairperson of the council is the chairperson of the MC.
The election of council members is based on the _number of lots_ – each person
entitled to vote has one vote in respect of each lot which he is entitled to
vote: para 8 of the First Schedule of the BMSMA (“First Schedule”).

8 In addition, the MC can also exercise its powers in a general meeting. The
value of the votes cast for motions at a general meeting are calculated based
on the _number_ of lots, unless a person entitled to vote demands a poll or
unless the motion is for a resolution which is required by the BMSMA to be a
special resolution or 90% resolution. In the latter two cases, the value of
the votes cast are calculated based on the _share value_ of the lots in
respect of which they were cast: para 9(3) of the First Schedule.

9 The chairperson of the MC presides over the general meetings of the MC. He
has the power to rule that a motion submitted at the meeting is out of order
if he considers that the motion, if carried, would conflict with the BMSMA or
the by-laws or would otherwise be unlawful or unenforceable: para 4, First
Schedule. Such motions would not be put to a vote.

The facts

10 The preceding features of the BMSMA set the stage for the dispute in this
case, which involves a tussle between two factions. One faction owns a
majority of the lots in the development and controls the council (“the
Council”), while the other faction possesses a majority in terms of share
value and can therefore decide whether motions that are put to a vote in a
general meeting are passed (assuming only a simple majority is required). For
ease of reference, I shall refer to the former faction as “the Mok Camp” and
the latter faction as the “Plaintiffs’ Camp”. It should be noted that not all
members of the Mok Camp or the Plaintiffs’ Camp are parties to these
proceedings.

11 The disagreement between the Plaintiffs’ Camp and the Mok Camp concerns the
acts of Mr Mok Wing Chong (“MWC”), the former chairperson of the 2nd
Defendant. The Plaintiffs allege that MWC had wrongfully used the funds of the
2nd Defendant for upgrading works that were not approved by the general body
of the 2nd Defendant. They further allege that MWC had breached his duties as
chairperson by (a) favouring the units owned by the Mok Camp in carrying out
the upgrading works, and (b) unilaterally appointing a company which he had an
interest in as managing agent of the 2nd Defendant without declaring his
interest and without obtaining approval of the appointment at a general
meeting.

12 On 22 July 2011, the Plaintiffs requisitioned an EGM to call for a vote of
no confidence in MWC as chairperson and to elect a new chairperson with
immediate effect. Upon receiving notice of the requisition, the Council
convened a council meeting on 5 August 2011 (“the 5 August 2011 council
meeting”). In that meeting, MWC resigned as chairperson and the council
members proceeded to re-elect key appointment holders to the Council. The 1st
Defendant was elected as the new chairperson.

13 The Council then wrote to the subsidiary proprietors informing them that as
a result of the 5 August 2011 council meeting, the 1st Defendant had replaced
MWC as chairperson, thereby obviating the need for the EGM requisitioned by
the Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs replied that the council meeting had no force
and effect because inadequate notice had been given of it and because any
discussion of the requisition for the EGM should be in a general meeting and
not pre-empted by a council meeting.

14 On 5 September 2011, the Plaintiffs went ahead to convene an EGM (“the 5
September 2011 EGM”) (para 14(3) of the First Schedule allows the
requisitionists of a meeting to convene the meeting themselves if the council
fails to do so within 14 days after the date of the requisition). The Mok Camp
attended this meeting. At the meeting, the 1st Defendant, in his capacity as
the new chairperson of the 2nd Defendant, explained that the motions requested
by the requisitionists were out of order as they had been overtaken by events
since MWC had already resigned. He then called the meeting to a close.
However, despite the 1st Defendant’s closure of the EGM, the Plaintiffs’ Camp
purported to continue the meeting and purported to vote for one Lim Chee Yong
(“Mr Lim”) as chairperson.

15 The next day, on 6 September 2011, the Council (with the 1st Defendant as
chairperson) convened an AGM (“the 27th AGM”). At this AGM, various
resolutions were passed by the subsidiary proprietors present and voting. The
Plaintiffs’ Camp did not attend this meeting as it did not recognise the 1st
Defendant as chairperson. Instead, it purported to convene its own AGM in the
same room wherein it purported to elect new council members.

16 The Mok Camp then commenced proceedings before a Strata Titles Board
(“STB”) in STB 78/2011 for a decision on the validity of the acts done during
the 5 September 2011 EGM and the competing AGMs held on 6 September 2011. The
STB decided that:

(a) MWC’s resignation and the election of the 1st Defendant as the new
chairperson by the Council during the 5 August 2011 council meeting were
valid;

(b) the election of Mr Lim as chairperson by the Plaintiffs’ Camp during the 5
September 2011 EGM was invalid; and

(c) the election of new council members by the Plaintiffs’ Camp at their
purported AGM was invalid.

The Plaintiffs’ Camp did not appeal against the STB’s decision.

17 On 8 May 2012, the Plaintiffs filed S 311/2012 against MWC in respect of
their claims at [11] above. On 2 November 2012, upon MWC’s application, the
2nd Defendant and other individuals who were council members of the 2nd
Defendant at the material time were added as third parties to the suit.

18 On 23 April 2013, the Plaintiffs’ Camp requisitioned an EGM to consider and
pass various motions by ordinary resolution. The EGM was held on 5 June 2013
(“the 5 June 2013 EGM”). At the EGM, the 1st Defendant, exercising his
discretion under para 4 of the First Schedule, ruled that Motions 1(b), 1(e),
3(a), 3(b), 3(d), 3(e), 8, 9 and 10 (_ie_ , the motions listed at [2] above)
were out of order for various reasons. He also ruled that the subsidiary
proprietors from the Plaintiffs’ Camp were conflicted from voting on Motion 2.
Dissatisfied with his rulings, the Plaintiffs filed this application on 26
June 2013.

The parties’ submissions

The Plaintiffs

19 The Plaintiffs submitted that the 1st Defendant’s rulings on the motions
put forth by the Plaintiffs’ Camp were without basis and oppressive. They
argued that the 1st Defendant could only rule a motion as being “out of order”
on the limited grounds provided for in para 4 of the First Schedule, and none
of those grounds applied to the motions that were ruled out of order. As for
the 1st Defendant’s ruling that the Plaintiffs’ Camp was conflicted from
voting on Motion 2, the Plaintiffs submitted that there is no provision in the
BMSMA for such a ruling. They suggested that these rulings were simply a bad
faith attempt by the 1st Defendant to prevent the Plaintiffs’ Camp from taking
MWC to task for his alleged breaches of duties (see [11] above) during his
stint as chairperson.

The 1st Defendant

20 As a matter of procedure, the 1st Defendant argued that the High Court was
not an appropriate forum for this dispute and that the Plaintiffs should
instead have brought it before an STB first (STB 78/2011, mentioned at [16]
above, dealt with a separate issue). On the merits, he maintained that he had
at all times acted honestly and used reasonable diligence in the discharge of
his duties as chairperson. He pointed out that he had sought legal advice and
prepared a PowerPoint presentation explaining in detail why he ruled certain
motions out of order and why he excluded the Plaintiffs from voting on Motion
2. Relying on the reasons he gave in the PowerPoint presentation, he argued
that the motions fell within the grounds provided in para 4 of the First
Schedule.

21 The 1st Defendant also took issue with the injunctions sought by the
Plaintiffs (see above at [3(a)] and [3(c)]). He pointed out that the
Plaintiffs were seeking _quia timet_ injunctions. This type of injunction aims
to restrain wrongful acts that are threatened or imminent. The 1st Defendant
argued that the Plaintiffs have failed to show that there was any threatened
wrong that would be committed by him or a future chairperson that would cause
imminent and substantial damage to the Plaintiffs.

The 2nd Defendant

22 The 2nd Defendant argued against the injunctions sought by the Plaintiffs
for substantially the same reasons as those submitted by the 1st Defendant. It
also submitted that the Plaintiffs were not the proper plaintiffs to make this
application because s 61 of the BMSMA, on which (_inter alia_) the Plaintiffs
base their application, only allows for a civil suit to be brought by the MC
itself.

Issues

23 The issues that arose for my decision were as follows:

(a) Were there any procedural obstacles barring the Plaintiffs from bringing
this case before the High Court? Specifically:

(i) was it necessary for the Plaintiffs to first have their dispute heard and
adjudicated by a STB; and

(ii) were the Plaintiffs the proper plaintiffs to bring this application?

(b) Was there any basis to disturb the 1st Defendant’s ruling on each of the
motions in issue in this case?

(c) Did the 1st Defendant err in excluding the Plaintiffs’ Camp from voting on
Motion 2?

(d) Should the injunctions requested by the Plaintiffs be granted?

Analysis and decision

Issue 1: Whether there were any procedural obstacles barring the Plaintiffs
from bringing this case before the High Court

The proper forum argument

24 The 1st Defendant did not provide any authority for his argument that the
Plaintiffs were obliged to first refer this dispute to a STB for determination
before resorting to the courts. In my view, his position is contradicted by
authority. In Teo Keang Sood, _Strata Title in Singapore and Malaysia_
(LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2012), the learned author notes (at pp 774–775):

As noted earlier, unless otherwise provided by the BMSMA or LTSA, a Board
shall determine by mediation-arbitration every dispute of which it has
cognizance and every matter with respect to which it has jurisdiction
thereunder _. It may be pertinent to note that the Board is merely an
alternative tribunal available to subsidiary proprietors who choose not to
litigate their disputes. The provisions for proceeding before a Board do not
oust the jurisdiction of the subordinate courts._ [emphasis added]

25 The learned author cites _Teo Kim Hui and Another v Kwok Wai Hon_ [2008]
SGHC 232 in support of this proposition. In that case, the plaintiff sued the
defendants in the district court for various non-monetary reliefs and damages
in respect of a leak which allegedly emanated from the defendants’ premises.
The defendant applied to strike out the plaintiff’s action on the basis that
the dispute was within the exclusive jurisdiction of the BMSMA, and could only
be adjudicated by the STB. The district judge rejected this argument in _Kwok
Wai Hon v Teo Kim Hui and Another_ [2008] SGMC 4. He reasoned as follows (at
[14]–[16]):

14\. The simple point in response to the arguments put forward by the
Defendants is this. The basis of their application is grounded upon the
exclusive jurisdiction of the Strata Titles Board over disputes such as the
present between strata unit proprietors. This is an argument based on the
ouster of the court’s jurisdiction. _It is trite that for such an ouster of
the court’s jurisdiction in favour of the exclusive jurisdiction of a tribunal
other than the courts, there must be express legislative provision to that
effect._ An example would be section 6(2) of the International Arbitration Act
(Cap 143) which obliges the courts to stay any action commenced in court in
favour of an arbitration to which the disputants have by agreement, agreed to.
There is no such express provision here. In the case of section 6 of the
International Arbitration Act, the case precedents have consistently shown
that in cases falling within that provision, the courts are obliged – it is
mandatory – to stay the court action in favour of arbitration – see for
example, _Dalian Hualian Enterprise Group Co. Ltd & Anor v Louis Dreyfuss Asia
Pte Ltd_ [2005] 4 SLR 646 at [75].

15\. With respect, Defendant Counsel’s reliance on the various provisions
cited under both the Act and the Strata Act do not, in my view, provide for
the exclusive jurisdiction of the Strata Titles Board. Indeed it is the
reverse. Section 101(1) of the Strata Act clearly provides that the Strata
Titles Board “…may, pursuant to an application by a … a (_sic_) subsidiary
proprietor” (which the Plaintiff would be) make orders to resolve the dispute
between the various parties mentioned in that provision. That is a far cry
from expressly providing for the exclusive jurisdiction of the Strata Titles
Board.

16 As to Defendant Counsel’s reliance on section 89(2), it is entirely without
merit. The provision merely provides for the mode of settlement of disputes
i.e. by mediation-arbitration, in connection with ‘disputes which [the Strata
Titles Board] has cognizance’. Again that is not an express provision which
invests exclusive jurisdiction in the Strata Titles Board.

[emphasis added]

The district judge’s decision and reasoning was adopted by the High Court (at
[7]). Leave to appeal against the High Court’s decision was refused by the
Court of Appeal in Civil Appeal No 145 of 2008 (no grounds were issued).

26 I agree with the district judge’s reasoning. The mere fact that the BMSMA
provides for the establishment of STBs to determine disputes under the BMSMA
does not mean that the jurisdiction of the courts is thereby ousted. In the
absence of a provision expressly ousting the court’s jurisdiction or granting
the STBs exclusive jurisdiction over strata management disputes, the position
will simply be that a plaintiff has two possible forums to choose from.
However, if he chooses to proceed before a STB in the first instance, then any
appeal against the STB’s decision to the High Court can only be on a point of
law: s 98(1) of the BMSMA.

27 Thus, I held that Plaintiffs were entitled to bring this dispute before me
without having to first bring it before a STB.

The proper plaintiff argument

28 The Plaintiffs’ application is stated to be in the matter of s 61 of the
BMSMA and paras 4 and 5 of the First Schedule. However, the 2nd Defendant
argued that the Plaintiffs are not the proper plaintiffs to sue under s 61 of
the BMSMA, which states:

**Duty and liability of council members and officers**

**61.** —(1) A member of a council shall at all times act honestly and use
reasonable diligence in the discharge of the duties of his office.

(2) A member of a council, or an officer or an agent or a managing agent of a
management corporation, shall not use his position as a member of the council
or as an officer, an agent or a managing agent of the management corporation
to gain, directly or indirectly, an advantage for himself or for any other
person or to cause detriment to the management corporation.

(3) Any person who commits a breach of any provision of this section shall —

(_a_) _be liable to the management corporation for any profit made by him or
for any damage suffered by the management corporation as a result of the
breach of any such provision_ ; and

(_b_) be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to
both.

…

[emphasis added]

29 The 2nd Defendant points out that according to s 61(3)(a), a council member
who breaches his duties is only made liable to the MC. There is no provision
in s 61 that gives individual subsidiary proprietors a cause of action.
Consequently, the 2nd Defendant submits that the MC is the proper plaintiff to
commence this application, and not the Plaintiffs.

30 The 2nd Defendant appeared to be invoking the proper plaintiff rule, which
is also known as the rule in _Foss v Harbottle_ (1843) 2 Hare 461; 67 ER 189.
In _Ting Sing Ning (alias Malcolm Ding) v Ting Chek Swee (alias Ting Chik Sui)
and others_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 197, the Court of Appeal adopted the following
statement of the rule (at [12]):

The principle in _Foss v Harbottle_ and the exceptions thereto are captured
succinctly in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Prudential Assurance Co
Ltd v Newman Industries Ltd (No 2)_ [1982] Ch 204 at 210-211 (“ _Prudential
Assurance_ ”) in the following classic statement:

(1) The proper plaintiff in an action in respect of a wrong alleged to be done
to a corporation is, prima facie, the corporation. (2) Where the alleged wrong
is a transaction which might be made binding on the corporation and on all its
members by a simple majority of the members, no individual member of the
corporation is allowed to maintain an action in respect of that matter
because, if the majority confirms the transaction, cadit quaestio [(the
question is at an end)]; or, if the majority challenges the transaction, there
is no valid reason why the company should not sue. (3) There is no room for
the operation of the rule if the alleged wrong is ultra vires the corporation,
because the majority of members cannot confirm the transaction. (4) There is
also no room for the operation of the rule if the transaction complained of
could be validly done or sanctioned only by a special resolution or the like,
because a simple majority cannot confirm a transaction which requires the
concurrence of a greater majority. (5) There is an exception to the rule where
what has been done amounts to fraud and the wrongdoers are themselves in
control of the company. In this case the rule is relaxed in favour of the
aggrieved minority, who are allowed to bring a minority shareholders' action
on behalf of themselves and all others. The reason for this is that, if they
were denied that right, their grievance could never reach the court because
the wrongdoers themselves, being in control, would not allow the company to
sue.

…

31 In my view, however, neither s 61(3)(a) nor the proper plaintiff rule was
relevant as the Plaintiffs were not suing the 1st Defendant for damages or an
account of profits resulting from a breach of duty. Nor were they suing the
1st Defendant for wrongs allegedly done to the MC. Rather, they were seeking
to invalidate his rulings to the effect that certain motions submitted by them
were “out of order” and that they were not allowed to vote on Motion 2 because
of a conflict of interest. These were rulings that affected them personally.
Further, it is clear that individual subsidiary proprietors are entitled to
apply to a STB for a determination of such issues. As stated in ss 101(1)(c)
and 104(1)(a) of the BMSMA:

**General power to make orders to settle disputes or rectify complaints,
etc.**

**101.** —(1) Subject to subsections (4), (6) and (7), a Board may, pursuant
to an application by a management corporation or subsidiary management
corporation, _a subsidiary proprietor_ , mortgagee in possession, lessee or
occupier of a lot in a subdivided building, make an order for the settlement
of a dispute, or the rectification of a complaint, with respect to —

…

(_c_) the exercise or performance of, or the failure to exercise or perform, a
power, duty or function conferred or imposed by this Act or the by-laws
relating to the subdivided building or limited common property, as the case
may be.

…

**Order where voting rights denied or due notice of item of business not
given**

**104.** —(1) Where, pursuant to an application by _a person_ under this
section, a Board is satisfied that a particular resolution would not have been
passed at a general meeting of a management corporation or subsidiary
management corporation but for the fact that the applicant —

(_a_) was improperly denied a vote on the motion for the resolution; or

…

the Board may order that the resolution be treated as a nullity on and from
the date of the order.

…

[emphasis added]

I saw no reason why the position should be different where the subsidiary
proprietors were applying to court. Consequently, I held that the Plaintiffs
were proper parties to bring this action.

Issue 2: Whether the 1st Defendant’s rulings on the motions should be
invalidated

32 Before examining the 1st Defendant’s rulings, some preliminary observations
are in order.

33 This issue relates to para 4 of the First Schedule, which states:

**Motions out of order**

4\. At a general meeting of a management corporation or subsidiary management
corporation, its chairperson may rule that a motion submitted at the meeting
is out of order _if he considers_ that the motion, if carried, would conflict
with this Act or the by-laws or would otherwise be _unlawful or
unenforceable_. [emphasis added]

34 In my judgment, the phrase “if he considers” in this provision confers on
the chairperson the discretion to decide whether a motion would conflict with
the BMSMA or the by-laws or would otherwise be unlawful or unenforceable. The
burden is therefore on the Plaintiffs to show that the chairperson’s decision
was made without rational basis or was in bad faith. I would add that the
chairperson of an MC is entitled to seek legal advice and ask questions to
inform himself of the background facts and the reasons for any proposed
motion, so that he can decide whether a motion is “out of order” for any of
the grounds stated in para 4 of the First Schedule.

35 The other key phrase in para 4 is “unlawful or unenforceable”. The
Plaintiffs contended that a motion is “unlawful” if it is contrary to law or
is illegal, and “unenforceable” if it would be impossible to force a party to
comply with the motion, if carried. But no authority was cited for this
proposition, and I took the view that the Plaintiffs’ definition was too
narrow.

36 There is no settled definition of the word “unlawful”. At a minimum, the
word would clearly encompass criminal offences and tortious acts; however,
depending on the context, it might also extend to other types of wrongful
conduct. In _Revenue and Customs Commissioners v Total Network SL_ [2008] 1 AC
1174, one the issues of whether a criminal act could constitute “unlawful
means” for the purposes of unlawful means conspiracy. Lord Walker of
Gestingthorpe made the following observations (at [90]–[91]):

90 … The man in the street, if asked what an unlawful act was, would probably
answer “a crime”. He might give as an example theft, obtaining money by false
pretences, or assault occasioning actual bodily harm. He might or might not
know that each of these was also a civil wrong (or tort) but it is unlikely
that civil liability would be in the forefront of his mind.

91 The reaction of a lawyer would be more informed but it would not, I
suggest, be essentially different. **_In its ordinary legal meaning “unlawful”
certainly covers crimes and torts (especially intentional torts). Beyond that
its scope may sometimes extend to breach of contract, breach of fiduciary
duty, and perhaps even matters which merely make a contract unenforceable, but
the word's appropriateness becomes increasingly debatable and dependent on the
legal context._** In the very important criminal case of _R v Clarence_ (1888)
22 QBD 23 (in which a question of law on sections 20 and 47 of the Offences
against the Person Act 1861 (24 & 25 Vict c 100) was argued before a court of
13 judges, several of whom later gave their opinions to the House in _Allen v
Flood_ [1898] AC 1) Stephen J expressed the view, at p 40, that:

“the word ‘unlawfully’ must here be construed to mean ‘unlawfully’ in the wide
general sense in which the word is used with reference to acts which if done
by conspirators are indictable, though not if they are done by individuals.
This general sense may, I think, be said to be ‘immoral and mischievous to the
public’. I do not agree with the doctrine that the word ‘unlawfully’ is used
here in this wide sense. The use of the word in relation to conspiracy appears
to me to be exceptional.”

What was exceptional about it was its extension _downwards_ in the scale of
blameworthy conduct. The unlawfulness of criminal conduct was at the top end
of the scale, and too obvious to call for mention.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

37 As for the word “unenforceable”, its literal meaning refers to the fact
that something (usually a legal obligation of some sort) is impossible to
enforce. But why would it be impossible to enforce? In the legal context, it
is usually because the body with the authority to enforce it – such as a court
– would consider it improper or undesirable to enforce it for various reasons.
For example, a contract might be found to be “unenforceable” because it is
illegal, violates public policy, is procured by duress or undue influence,
_etc_. Consequently, the concept of unenforceability does not only mean
impossibility in the strict sense, but also necessarily engages the court’s
determination of whether it is improper or undesirable to give effect to
something. Accordingly, for the purposes of the First Schedule, a motion,
while not necessarily _impossible_ to implement if carried, might nevertheless
still be “unenforceable” in the sense that a court would consider it improper
or undesirable to enforce it.

38 With these considerations in mind, I now turn to explain my decision on the
1st Defendant’s rulings.

Motions 1(b) and 1(e)

39 Motions 1(b) and 1(e) state:

1.That the following matters be determined only by the management corporation
in a general meeting:

(b) appointment of legal representatives;

(e) appointment of any contractors or consultants or processional [_sic_]
which costs or fees exceed $500 in total.

40 The 1st Defendant ruled that Motion 1(b) was unenforceable because if any
legal proceedings were commenced against the 2nd Defendant, the 2nd Defendant
would have to appoint legal representatives to respond in a timely manner.
This would not be possible if the appointment of legal representatives had to
be decided in a general meeting. As for Motion 1(e), he ruled that it was
unenforceable because it was not practical: the 2nd Defendant often had to
appoint contractors or professionals whose fees exceed $500 to perform work in
and around the building.

41 However, the 1st Defendant’s ruling on Motions 1(b) and 1(e) was
inconsistent with s 59 of the BMSMA, which states:

**Restrictions imposed on council by management corporation**

**59.** A management corporation may in a general meeting decide what matters
or class of matters, if any, shall be determined only by the management
corporation in a general meeting.

Consequently, by ruling that it was “out of order” for the Plaintiffs to table
Motions 1(b) and 1(e), the 1st Defendant was depriving the subsidiary
proprietors of the 2nd Defendant of their right to reserve certain matters to
be determined only by them in a general meeting. Such a ruling was clearly
unreasonable and I accordingly invalidated it. Having such appointments being
made by the MC only at a general meeting may well be very inconvenient or on
certain occasions impractical, but that does not entitle the 1st Defendant to
rule the motions “out of order” for being unenforceable. Inconvenience and
impracticality should not be equated with unenforceability.

42 Motions 1(b) and 1(e) as framed would only operate prospectively with
respect to future legal representation and to future appointments of any
contractors, consultants or professionals by the MC. However, out of an
abundance of caution and in part to address the concerns expressed by counsel
for the 2nd Defendant, I further specified that the Plaintiffs should not
propose any future motions or amendments that touched on the lawyers _already_
appointed by the 2nd Defendant to defend itself in S 311/2012. This is because
there was another motion by the Plaintiffs (Motion 2) calling for the
termination of Chancery Law Corporation as the legal representatives of the
2nd Defendant with _immediate effect_ without a corresponding or joint motion
to immediately appoint a replacement, thereby leaving the 2nd Defendant
without any legal representation whatsoever. This clearly indicated to me that
the Plaintiffs were determined to stop Chancery Law Corporation from acting
for the 2nd Defendant as soon as possible with the ulterior motive of
interfering with and disrupting the legal preparation by 2nd Defendant in S
311/2012, and for no apparent good reason as far as I could see. As the
Plaintiffs in the present case are also the plaintiffs in S 311/2012, I took
the view that the rules of natural justice (specifically, the 2nd Defendant’s
right to be heard) would be violated if the Plaintiffs were allowed to
terminate the 2nd Defendant’s counsel in that suit. Such a motion would be
unlawful and unenforceable. I will touch on this point again when I deal with
the 1st Defendant’s decision to exclude the Plaintiffs’ Camp from voting on
Motion 2.

Motion 3(a)

43 Motion 3(a) purports to revoke a past resolution, passed at the 26th and/or
27th AGM, for “the ratification of the Upgrading Work Expenses of about
$530,000 or any other sum”.

44 The 1st Defendant ruled this motion out of order for two reasons:

(a) the proceedings at the 27th AGM had been found to be valid in STB 78/2011
and the matters of the 27th AGM should be considered to be final; and

(b) there is no provision in the BMSMA for the revocation of such a resolution
that has been passed.

45 I disagreed with the 1st Defendant’s reasons. The STB’s decision in STB
78/2011 was simply a decision that the 27th AGM conducted by the Mok Camp was
valid and that the resolutions passed thereunder were validly passed. It did
not render the resolutions passed during the 27th AGM _irrevocable_. As for
whether there was any provision in the BMSMA for an MC to revoke past
resolutions, para 13 of the First Schedule is pertinent:

**Amendment or revocation of unanimous or special resolutions**

13\. A unanimous resolution, resolution by consensus, comprehensive
resolution, 90% resolution or special resolution of a management corporation
shall not be amended or revoked except by a subsequent unanimous resolution,
resolution by consensus, comprehensive resolution, 90% resolution or special
resolution, as the case may be.

Although para 13 does not expressly state that past ordinary resolutions may
be revoked in a general meeting by a subsequent ordinary resolution, that was
obviously regarded as the default position. That is why it was necessary to
specify for the avoidance of doubt that other types of resolutions can only be
revoked by a subsequent resolution of the same type (and not merely by an
ordinary resolution). Thus, para 13 necessarily _implies_ that it is possible
to revoke an ordinary resolution by a subsequent ordinary resolution.

46 Nonetheless, I validated the 1st Defendant’s ruling on Motion 3(a) for the
simple reason that there was _no_ resolution to ratify any previous upgrading
work expenses passed during the 27th AGM. The minutes of the 27th AGM indicate
that of all the resolutions that were passed, they were concerned with
_future_ upgrading work or the approval of financial accounts as follows:

(a) to approve the accounts and adopt the three audited financial reports for
the years ended 30 June 2009, 30 June 2010 and 30 June 2011;

(b) to carry out the repainting and washing of the buildings at a cost not
exceeding the sum of $80,000; and

(c) to carry out upgrading works to the common toilets at levels three and
four of 53 Kim Keat Road at a cost not exceeding the sum of $100,000.

The last two resolutions passed were clearly related to _future_ upgrading
work and had nothing to do with _past_ upgrading work expenses of about
$530,000 or some other sum. As for the first resolution, I was of the view
that the approval and adoption of audited financial reports did not amount to
a ratification of _past_ upgrading work expenses. I will elaborate on this
point further when I discuss Motion 3(b).

47 I should note that although Motion 3 refers to “the 26th and/or 27th AGM”
(see [2] above), the Plaintiffs have stated that this was an error and that
they meant to refer to “the 27th and/or 28th AGM” instead. It was the
Plaintiffs’ case that this error affected Motions 3(d) and 3(e) (which
purportedly dealt with resolutions passed during the 28th AGM) and that the
1st Defendant had wrongfully refused to let them amend Motion 3 to correct
this error. But Motions 3(d) and 3(e) are not the subject of the Plaintiffs’
appeal, and with respect to Motion 3(a) specifically, it was _not_ the
Plaintiffs’ case that the resolution to ratify upgrading works expenses was
passed at the 28th AGM. Consequently, I saw no reason to disturb the 1st
Defendant’s ruling that Motion 3(a) was out of order.

Motion 3(b)

48 Motion 3(b) was a motion to revoke a past resolution for “the adoption of
all Financial Reports ended 30 June in years 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 and the
interim Financial Report from 1 July 2012 to 31 July 2012”. This resolution
was passed during the 27th AGM.

49 The 1st Defendant ruled the motion out of order for the following reasons:

(a) the proceedings at the 27th AGM had been found to be valid in STB 78/2011
and the matters of the 27th AGM should be considered to be final;

(b) the accounts had been audited pursuant to s 45(1) of the BMSMA, and there
would be no replacement set of audited accounts if the adoption of these
accounts were revoked; and

(c) there is no provision for the revocation of such a resolution that has
been passed.

50 As mentioned above at [45], I disagreed with reasons (a) and (c). However,
I agreed that reason (b) was a legitimate concern. It appeared that the
Plaintiffs’ Camp had been blocking the adoption of the audited accounts since
2009, and the Mok Camp had finally managed to pass a resolution to adopt them
during the 27th AGM because of the Plaintiffs’ Camp’s absence from that
meeting.

51 The question was whether there was any valid basis for the Plaintiffs’ Camp
to undo that via Motion 3(b). The Plaintiffs’ affidavit was silent on why it
was necessary to revoke the approval and adoption of the audited accounts.
There was no allegation that the accounts contained any material misstatements
or that the auditors had been remiss in any way. The Plaintiffs’
indiscriminate and blanket opposition to adopting the audited accounts for all
four years suggested to me that their issue was not with any specific
inaccuracy in the accounts _per se_ ; rather, they were concerned that the
adoption of the audited accounts would prejudice their case in S 311/2012
wherein they are alleging that MWC had used management and sinking funds
without authorisation.

52 But the approval and adoption of audited accounts has nothing to do with
whether individual expenditure items in the accounts were authorised. If these
items were unauthorised, that is a separate matter involving a failure of
internal controls and does not mean that there was a material misstatement in
the audited accounts or that the audited accounts were erroneous in some
material way or that the audited accounts should have been qualified. The
Singapore Standards on Auditing (“SSA”) are instructive in this regard. SSA
200 describes the overall objectives of an auditor as follows (at para 11):

11\. In conducting an audit of financial statements, the overall objectives of
the auditor are:

(a) To obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,
thereby enabling the auditor to express an opinion on whether the financial
statements are prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with an
applicable financial reporting framework; and

(b) To report on the financial statements, and communicate as required by the
SSAs, in accordance with the auditor’s findings.

SSA 700 describes the scope of management responsibility as follows (at paras
26 and A22):

26\. The auditor’s report shall describe management’s responsibility for the
preparation of the financial statements. The description shall include an
explanation that **_management is responsible_** _for the preparation of the
financial statements in accordance with the applicable financial reporting
framework, and for such_** _internal control_** _as it determines is necessary
to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error._ (Ref: Para. A20-A23) [For
management’s responsibilities prescribed by Singapore law, refer to A22]

…

A22. … Singapore law prescribes that **_management is responsible_** for the
preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with the provisions of the Singapore Companies Act, Chapter 50 and
Singapore Financial Reporting Standards. _This responsibility includes:
Devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide a reasonable assurance that_** _assets are safeguarded against loss
from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly
authorised_** and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the
preparation of true and fair profit and loss accounts and balance sheets and
to maintain accountability of assets. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

53 Therefore, if the Plaintiffs’ reason for wanting to revoke the adoption of
the audited accounts was to bolster their case against MWC, this was not a
valid reason. Whether or not any specific item of expenditure was authorised
is an entirely separate issue that cannot be determined simply by the fact
that the MC had approved and adopted certain audited accounts. In the absence
of any other explanation from the Plaintiffs for wanting to revoke the
adoption of the accounts, I found that the 1st Defendant was justified in
ruling Motion 3(b) out of order for being improper and unenforceable.

Motion 8

54 Motion 8 was a motion to revoke and credit to the accounts of certain
subsidiary proprietors the late payment interest charges levied on them from
October 2011 to March 2013.

55 The 1st Defendant ruled this motion out of order for being in conflict with
the BMSMA. He pointed out that the interest payments had already become part
of the management fund pursuant to s 40(7) of the BMSMA, and could not be
withdrawn pursuant to s 38(3) of the BMSMA. On the other hand, the Plaintiffs
argued that s 40(6)(b) of the BMSMA allows an MC to determine in a general
meeting that any unpaid contribution shall bear no interest.

56 Sections 40(6)(b) and 40(7) provide as follows:

**Contributions by subsidiary proprietors**

**40.** —

…

(6) Any contribution levied under this section or section 41 —

…

(_b_) if not paid within 30 days when it becomes due and payable, shall bear
interest at the rate determined by the management corporation and such
interest shall accrue from the expiry of 30 days after the date when the
contribution becomes due and payable _unless the management corporation
determines in a general meeting (either generally or in a particular case)
that any unpaid contribution shall bear no interest_ ; and

…

(7) Any interest paid under subsection (6) shall form part of the fund to
which the contribution belongs.

[emphasis added]

57 Section 38(3) states:

**Management funds and sinking funds**

**38.** —

…

(3) A management corporation shall not disburse any moneys from its management
fund otherwise than for the purpose of —

(_a_) meeting its liabilities referred to in section 39(1);

(_b_) carrying out its powers, authorities, duties or functions under this
Act; or

(_c_) transferring moneys therein not required to meet the liabilities of the
management fund to the sinking fund.

58 Having regard to the provisions above, I agreed with the 1st Defendant’s
view that the interest payments cannot be refunded. If the interest charges
have _not yet_ been paid into the management fund, s 40(6)(b) allows the MC to
determine in a general meeting that the unpaid contribution shall bear no
interest. However, once the interest charges _have_ been paid, it becomes part
of the management fund and cannot be disbursed otherwise than for the purposes
stated in s 38(3)(a)–(c). A refund of late payment interest is not one of the
stated purposes. Therefore, I validated the 1st Defendant’s ruling on Motion
8.

Motion 9

59 Motion 9 was a motion to approve an application by some of the subsidiary
proprietors to subdivide their lots and to authorise the managing agent to
sign all relevant documents, forms, approvals required by the authority or
statutory bodies.

60 The 1st Defendant ruled this motion out of order on the grounds that it
conflicted with the BMSMA and would be unenforceable. He did so after seeking
and obtaining an architect’s report dated 25 May 2013 stating that such a
subdivision would require significant upgrading and modification work to be
carried out in the common areas. Significantly, the architect opined that the
Urban Redevelopment Authority would likely request for a 90% resolution before
granting permission for the subdivision. The Plaintiffs did not tender any
evidence to contradict the architect’s views.

61 As noted in [18] above, the Plaintiffs’ Camp had requisitioned the 5 June
2013 EGM to pass its motions by _ordinary resolution_. I was therefore
satisfied that the 1st Defendant had a reasonable basis to rule that Motion 9
was out of order for being unenforceable, given that the proposed subdivision
would likely require a 90% resolution. For this reason, I validated the 1st
Defendant’s ruling on Motion 9.

Issue 3: Whether the 1st Defendant erred in excluding the Plaintiffs’ Camp
from voting on Motion 2

62 Motion 2 called for the termination of Chancery Law Corporation as the
legal representatives of the 2nd Defendant with immediate effect. The 1st
Defendant allowed this motion to be voted on but rejected the votes of eight
subsidiary proprietors including the Plaintiffs. His reasoning was that those
subsidiary proprietors were involved in pending litigation against the 2nd
Defendant, _viz_ , STB 50/2012 and S 311/2012, and were therefore conflicted
from deciding on the 2nd Defendant’s legal representation.

63 The Plaintiffs argued that the 1st Defendant did not have the power to
exclude them from voting. They cited paras 2 and 5 of the First Schedule,
which provide that a person is entitled to vote in respect of any lot on any
proposal submitted at a general meeting if (_inter alia_) he is the subsidiary
proprietor of that lot and has paid up all contributions recoverable by the
MC:

**Persons entitled to vote at general meetings**

2.—(1) A person shall be entitled to vote in respect of any lot on any
proposal submitted at a general meeting of a management corporation or on any
election of members of the council, or at a general meeting of a subsidiary
management corporation or on any election of its executive committee, only if
—

(_a_) _in the case of a management corporation, he is the subsidiary
proprietor or a mortgagee in possession or a receiver of that lot as shown on
the strata roll and has paid to the management corporation all contributions
and any other moneys levied or recoverable by the management corporation under
this Act_ ; or

(_b_) in the case of a subsidiary management corporation, he is the subsidiary
proprietor (or a mortgagee in possession or a receiver) of a lot who is a
member of that subsidiary management corporation and has paid to the
subsidiary management corporation all contributions and any other moneys
levied or recoverable by the subsidiary management corporation under this Act.

…

**Method of casting vote**

5\. Except as provided in paragraph 2(3), a vote on a motion submitted at a
general meeting of a management corporation or on any election of members of
the council, or at a general meeting of a subsidiary management corporation or
on any election of its executive committee, _may be cast by the person
entitled to vote_ , either personally or by his duly appointed proxy.

[emphasis added]

64 There appears to be no express provision granting a chairperson the power
to reject votes for any reason from a subsidiary proprietor who is _prima
facie_ entitled to vote. Nonetheless, I was of the view that in certain
exceptional circumstances, it may be proper for a chairperson to do so.
Guidance may be had from s 104(1)(a) of the BMSMA:

**Order where voting rights denied or due notice of item of business not
given**

104.—(1) Where, pursuant to an application by a person under this section, a
Board is satisfied that a particular resolution would not have been passed at
a general meeting of a management corporation or subsidiary management
corporation but for the fact that the applicant —

(_a_) was _improperly_ denied a vote on the motion for the resolution; or

…

the Board may order that the resolution be treated as a nullity on and from
the date of the order.

[emphasis added]

The use of the word “improperly” in s 104(1)(a) suggests that a person may be
_properly_ denied a vote. I disagreed with the proposition that the only
ground on which a person may be properly denied a vote is that he does not
satisfy the requirements in para 2(1) of the First Schedule. In my judgment,
allowing the Plaintiffs to terminate immediately the 2nd Defendant’s counsel
in proceedings wherein the Plaintiffs’ interests are opposed to that of the
2nd Defendant would occasion a serious breach of the rules of natural justice.
It is trite that a party to proceedings in a court of law is entitled to be
legally represented: _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 1 (LexisNexis, 2012
Reissue) at para 10.062. The 2nd Defendant’s right to be heard would clearly
be violated if its legal representation were terminated by an adverse party.
It must be noted that an MC is a body corporate (s 24(1)(b) of the BMSMA), and
in general, a body corporate can only carry on court proceedings through a
solicitor: O 5 r 6(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). The
motion for the immediate termination of Chancery Law Corporation as the legal
representatives of the 2nd Defendant without a replacement would therefore
effectively deny the 2nd Defendant its right to be heard in S 311/2012. In my
judgment, such a motion could not be voted on by parties whose interests are
adverse to the 2nd Defendant in that suit.

65 In this regard, the Plaintiffs pointed out that they did not sue the 2nd
Defendant in S 311/2012; instead it was MWC who issued a third party notice
against it. But this was immaterial in my view because the 2nd Defendant is
entitled in that suit to dispute not only MWC’s claim against itself, but also
the Plaintiffs’ claims against MWC. Indeed, a perusal of the 2nd Defendant’s
defence in S 311/2012 indicates that it is not only disputing the Plaintiffs’
claims but also arguing that the Plaintiffs were not authorised to bring that
suit against MWC.[note: 1] The interests of the Plaintiffs and the 2nd
Defendant in S 311/2012 are clearly inconsistent.

66 Thus, I validated the 1st Defendant’s decision to reject the Plaintiffs’
votes with respect to Motion 2.

Issue 4: Whether the injunctions sought by the Plaintiffs should be granted

67 Given my decision to invalidate the 1st Defendant’s ruling on Motions 1(b)
and 1(e) (see [41]–[42] above), the issue arises as to whether I should issue
an injunction (see [3(a)] and [3(c)] above) to restrain the 1st Defendant or
any other chairperson subsequently elected from making a similar ruling should
the same or similar motions be submitted in the future.

68 On this issue, I agreed with the 1st and 2nd Defendants that the Plaintiffs
were essentially seeking a _quia timet_ injunction. A _quia timet_ injunction
is described as follows in Steven Gee, _Commercial Injunctions_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 5th Edition, 2004) at para 2.029:

A _quia timet_ (since he fears) injunction is an injunction granted where no
actionable wrong has been committed, to prevent the occurrence of an
actionable wrong, or to prevent repetition of an actionable wrong. … [T]he
jurisdiction involves proof that unless the court intervenes by injunction
there is a real risk that an actionable wrong will be committed; that an
injunction would do no harm is not a justification for granting it. Usually
this will be by evidence that the defendant has threatened to do the
particular wrongful act: “no-one can obtain a _quia timet_ order by merely
saying ‘Timeo’” [literally, “I fear”].

…

There is no fixed or “absolute” standard for measuring the degree of
apprehension of a wrong which must be shown in order to justify _quia timet_
relief. The more grave [_sic_] the likely consequences, the more the court
will be reluctant to consider the application as “premature”. But there must
be at least some real risk of an actionable wrong. If the court decides to
grant a final injunction the width of that injunction is a matter for the
court’s discretion and can be tailored according to the circumstances.

69 In their affidavit, the Plaintiffs simply stated their belief that “unless
restrained by the Court, the [1st] Defendant will continue to make such
rulings as a means to deny the Plaintiffs the motions they seek”.[note: 2] No
evidence was adduced to support this belief. In my view, there was
insufficient basis to issue a _quia timet_ injunction. The evidence shows that
the 1st Defendant was a careful chairperson who sought legal and professional
advice before making the rulings he did, and I found no evidence of bad faith
on his part. Consequently, there was no reason to believe that he would
continue to make rulings similar to those that I had invalidated, and I did
not grant the injunction sought by the Plaintiffs.

Conclusion

70 For the foregoing reasons, I granted the Plaintiffs’ application to
invalidate the 1st Defendant’s ruling on Motions 1(b) and 1(e), subject to the
proviso that any future amendments should not touch on the legal
representatives already appointed by the 2nd Defendant to defend itself in S
311/2012. All the other prayers that the Plaintiffs proceeded with were
dismissed.

71 I ordered the Plaintiffs to pay costs and disbursements to the 1st
Defendant fixed at $11,000 and to the 2nd Defendant fixed at $3,000. I also
ordered the Plaintiffs to pay costs to the 1st and 2nd Defendants at $400 each
in relation to a reply affidavit that was filed without leave and subsequently
withdrawn by the Plaintiffs.

* * *

[note: 1]See para 3 of the 5th Third Party’s Defence filed on 5 April 2013 in
S 311/2012.

[note: 2]Para 28 of Sarah Tham’s affidavit dated 26 June 2013.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

