Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Beluga Chartering GmbH (in liquidation) _v_ Beluga Projects (Singapore)
Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and another (Deugro (Singapore) Pte Ltd, non-party)  
[2013] SGHC 60

Case Number| :| Companies Winding Up No. 5 of 2012 (Summons No 3435 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 March 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Vinodh Coomaraswamy JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sim Kwan Kiat and Pang Chong Ren Alexander (Rajah & Tann
LLP) for the applicant; Liquidators for the first respondent in person; Wee
Ying Ling Beverly (Insolvency & Public Trustee's Office) for the second
respondent; Bala Chandran s/o Kandiah (Mallal & Namazie) for the non-party.  
Parties| :|  Beluga Chartering GmbH (in liquidation) — Beluga Projects
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and another (Deugro (Singapore) Pte Ltd,
non-party)  
  
12 March 2013|  
---|---  
  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy JC:

Introduction

Beluga Chartering

1 Beluga Chartering GmbH (“Beluga Chartering”) is a limited liability company
incorporated in 1996 under the laws of Germany.[note: 1] It is registered in
the Commercial Register of the District Court of the German city of
Bremen.[note: 2]

2 On 1 June 2011, upon the application of 3 individuals described as “managing
directors” of Beluga Chartering,[note: 3] the Insolvency Court of the Bremen
District Court (“the Bremen Court”) made a finding that Beluga Chartering was
insolvent.[note: 4] The Bremen Court accordingly appointed Mr Edgar Grönda
(“the German Liquidator”) as Beluga Chartering’s permanent insolvency
administrator[note: 5] under the German Insolvency Code (“ _Inolvenzordnung_
”, commonly abbreviated as “ _InsO_ ”).[note: 6]

3 On 17 February 2012, the High Court in Singapore wound up Beluga Chartering
under Division 5 of Part X of the Companies Act on grounds of insolvency and
appointed Mr Chee Yoh Chuang and Mr Abuthahir Abdul Gafoor (“the Singapore
Liquidators”) as its liquidators.[note: 7]

4 Beluga Chartering is hopelessly insolvent. Counsel for the Singapore
Liquidators informed me that Beluga Chartering has approximately 500 creditors
worldwide who are owed debts of approximately €1.2bn. Beluga Chartering’s
assets amount to approximately €20m.[note: 8] A quick calculation shows that
each unsecured creditor will, ignoring entirely costs of liquidation, receive
substantially less than 2 cents in the Euro.

This application

5 The Singapore liquidators now apply pursuant to s 273(3) of the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for my determination of the following
two questions of law:

(a) Whether the provisions of Part X of the Act, in particular s 350(2), apply
to Beluga Chartering and its Singapore liquidators without exception or
modification, such that the Singapore liquidators are required to comply with
Part X in carrying out their duties as liquidators of Beluga Chartering; and

(b) Subject to the determination of issue (a), whether the Singapore
liquidators have the power, either under Part X of the Act or the general law,
and are at liberty to repatriate Beluga Chartering’s assets in Singapore to
the German Liquidator (or elsewhere as directed by the German Liquidator or
his authorised representatives), to be administered in accordance with German
law, notwithstanding the existence of unsatisfied judgment debts against
Beluga Chartering incurred in Singapore.

6 I answer these questions now:

(a) Yes. Subject to the provisos which follow at [7]-[8] below, the Singapore
Liquidators _are_ bound by Divisions 1, 2, 4 and 5 of Part X of the Act,
including s 350(2), in the liquidation of Beluga Chartering without exception
or modification such that they are required to comply with all of the
obligations set out in those provisions in carrying out their duties as
liquidators of Beluga Chartering.

(b) The Singapore liquidators have not a power but an _obligation_ under s
377(3)(c) of the Act to transmit the proceeds of Beluga Chartering’s Singapore
liquidation to the German Liquidator to be administered in accordance with
German law, subject to the proviso which follows at [7] below.

7 The proviso to the answers to both questions is that before transmitting the
Singapore Proceeds (defined at [18] below) to the German Liquidator, the
Singapore Liquidators are obliged to comply with section 377(3)(c) of the Act.
The Singapore Liquidators must first, therefore: (i) pay any debts of Beluga
Chartering which fall within s 328 of the Act; and (ii) pay any debts and
satisfy any liabilities which Beluga Chartering has incurred in Singapore.
This includes an obligation to satisfy the unsatisfied judgment debts against
Beluga Chartering in favour of the Singapore Subsidiaries (defined at [13]
below). This proviso is, in itself, subject to the further proviso at [8]
below.

8 The Singapore Liquidators’ distribution obligations under s 377(3)(c) of the
Act are subject to the Court’s discretion under the ancillary liquidation
doctrine to disapply all or part of those distribution obligations in its
discretion in order to advance the objectives of the ancillary liquidation
doctrine, if to do so is appropriate in all the circumstances of the case and
so far as is consistent with justice and Singapore public policy.

9 As will appear from the extended form of my answers, and for the reasons
which I set out in detail below, the two questions framed and presented to me
on this application are not entirely apt to cover what is in substance in
issue in this application. But those questions and the summary answers I have
given suffice as a basis to commence discussion of the issues raised.

The applicants

10 Beluga Chartering was initially the sole applicant. But s 273(3) of the Act
empowers the Singapore Liquidators – not Beluga Chartering – to apply to the
Court for directions such as the ones sought on this application. So, Beluga
Chartering applied for an order adding the Singapore Liquidators as joint
applicants. I made the order with the consent of all parties.

11 The German Liquidator is not an applicant. However, counsel for the
applicants confirmed: (1) that he represents the German Liquidator in addition
to the Singapore Liquidators and Beluga Chartering for the purposes of this
application; (2) that the German Liquidator does not take a position different
from that taken by the Singapore Liquidators and by Beluga Chartering on this
application; and (3) that the German Liquidator accepts that he will be bound
by my determination of this application.

12 The applicants have named two respondents to this application:

(a) Beluga Projects (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Beluga Singapore”); and

(b) Beluga Chartering Asia Pte Ltd (“Beluga Asia”).

13 Each respondent is a judgment creditor of Beluga Chartering.[note: 9] Each
respondent is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Beluga Chartering.[note: 10] Each
respondent is a company incorporated in Singapore. Each respondent is itself
in liquidation.[note: 11] Beluga Asia was ordered to be wound up on 2
September 2011 in Companies Winding Up No 102 of 2011. Its liquidator is the
Official Receiver. Beluga Singapore was ordered to be wound up on 13 January
2012 in Companies Winding Up No 101 of 2011. Its liquidators are Mr Sim Guan
Seng and Mr Goh Yeow Kiang Victor, both of Baker Tilly TFW LLP. I shall refer
to both respondents as “the Singapore Subsidiaries”.

deugro (Singapore) Pte Ltd

14 Also before me is a non-party to this application: deugro (Singapore) Pte
Ltd (“deugro Singapore”). deugro Singapore is a company incorporated in
Singapore and carrying on business in Singapore. deugro Singapore owes Beluga
Chartering US$1,259,647.42[note: 12] (“the deugro Asset”). The deugro Asset is
Beluga Chartering’s only known asset in Singapore. deugro Singapore has been
served with and heard on this application because the deugro Asset is in
essence the subject-matter of this application.

15 deugro Singapore also asserts a right to set off US$410,000[note: 13]
against the deugro Asset. The Singapore Liquidators, presumably with the
German Liquidator’s knowledge and consent, have acknowledged deugro
Singapore’s right of set off in that amount.[note: 14] In light of that,
deugro Singapore informed the Court[note: 15] that it takes a neutral position
as to whom it is to pay the remainder of the deugro Asset. Taking that set-off
into account reduces the deugro Asset to US$849,647.42.[note: 16]

Beluga Asia and Beluga Singapore become judgment creditors of Beluga
Chartering

16 On 31 March 2011, the Singapore Subsidiaries together sued Beluga
Chartering in Suit No. 227 of 2011 (“the Suit”) as joint plaintiffs. On 1
April 2011, they sought and obtained an injunction against Beluga Chartering
freezing the deugro Asset pending trial or further order (“the Injunction”).
That Injunction remains in force today.

17 On 20 April 2011, the Singapore Subsidiaries obtained joint judgment
against Beluga Chartering in default of appearance. The judgment required
Beluga Chartering to pay Beluga Singapore the sum of S$560,663.47 and to pay
Beluga Asia the sum of S$854,967.74.

The parties’ positions on the application

18 The gist of the Singapore Liquidators’ application is that they, with the
German Liquidator’s concurrence, seek directions from the Court permitting
them to transmit the deugro Asset, after taking into account deugro
Singapore’s set-off, to the German Liquidator for him to distribute to Beluga
Chartering’s worldwide creditors – including the Singapore Subsidiaries – in a
single insolvency under and in accordance with the InsO and German law.[note:
17] For reasons I give below at [278], it is an open question whether deugro
Singapore’s claimed right of set-off is valid under Singapore insolvency law.
I therefore express no view as to whether or not as a matter of Singapore
insolvency law the money which the Singapore liquidators seek to transmit to
the German Liquidator ought to take into account deugro Singapore’s claimed
set-off. I will refer to the money to be transmitted to the German Liquidators
simply as the “the Singapore Proceeds”, whatever the quantum may be.

19 Beluga Asia and Beluga Singapore oppose Beluga Chartering’s application.
Beluga Asia was represented by the Official Receiver. Beluga Singapore was not
represented by counsel and made no separate submissions. However one of Beluga
Singapore’s joint liquidators attended the hearing of this application on
behalf of Beluga Singapore with the consent of all parties. He informed me
that Beluga Singapore associates itself with the Official Receiver’s
submissions in their entirety.

20 deugro Singapore, as I have said, takes a neutral position on the
application, given that the Singapore Liquidators have acknowledged its right
of set-off.

21 It is common ground that Beluga Chartering has no known preferential
creditors under Singapore law,[note: 18] other than of course the costs and
expenses of the Singapore winding up under s 328(1)(a) of the Act. There is,
further, undisputed expert evidence before me that under the InsO and German
law, all of Beluga Chartering’s general body of unsecured creditors –
regardless of nationality[note: 19] – will be paid out of the assets available
to the German Liquidators of Beluga Chartering on a _pari passu_ and pro rata
basis.[note: 20]

The parties’ submissions summarised

22 The Singapore Liquidators argue as follows. The Singapore liquidation is
ancillary to the German liquidation. The Singapore Proceeds, although realised
in a liquidation in Singapore, should be transmitted to the principal
liquidation in Germany. There, all of Beluga Chartering’s global assets can be
pooled in a single global fund. Out of that fund, the German Liquidator can
declare dividends _pari passu_ for all of Beluga Chartering’s creditors
worldwide. The incidents of an ancillary liquidation, including the power to
transmit assets to a principal liquidation, are not expressly set out in Part
X of the Act. But these incidents are either implicit in the statutory regime
of Part X or they run in parallel with Part X at common law. Transmission of
the Singapore Proceeds to the German liquidation will cause the Singapore
Subsidiaries no prejudice. They will be treated equally with the general body
of Beluga Chartering’s unsecured creditors under the InsO and German law.
Conversely, unsecured creditors in Singapore should not have priority over all
other unsecured creditors of Beluga Chartering by the happenstance that Beluga
Chartering has assets in Singapore.

23 In response, the Official Receiver argues as follows. Nothing in the Act
expressly or impliedly permits a Singapore Court to authorise the Singapore
Liquidators to transmit the Singapore Proceeds to a foreign liquidator. The
Act does not contain a provision analogous to s 426 of the Insolvency Act 1986
(c 45) (UK) (“English Insolvency Act”). That section expressly permits the
insolvency courts of England and Wales to lend assistance to a foreign
liquidation. English decisions on the incidents of an ancillary liquidation
are therefore of little assistance to a Singapore Court. The Singapore courts
historically have not been persuaded to operate outside the statutory
framework of the Act in company law matters. Therefore, there is no common law
power to authorise transmission. Even if the common law ancillary liquidation
doctrine is found to apply in Singapore, the transmission of assets realised
in Singapore is subject to satisfaction of liabilities incurred in Singapore,
in accordance with the ring-fencing provision found in Division 2 of Part XI
of the Act. Even though Beluga Chartering was not carrying on business in
Singapore, s 350(2) in Part X of the Act is wide enough to apply the ring-
fencing provision in Division 2 of Part XI to a liquidation under Division 5
of Part X, such as that of Beluga Chartering. Alternatively, Beluga Chartering
was carrying on business in Singapore, despite not having registered under s
368 of the Act, and the ring-fencing provision applies to it.

24 A summary of my conclusions is as follows:

(a) The ancillary liquidation doctrine is neither an express nor an implied
part of the statutory insolvency scheme under Part X of the Act.

(b) But the ancillary liquidation doctrine is nevertheless a long-standing
part of Singapore law. So too are the English common law principles
underpinning that doctrine. Those principles were most recently analysed by
Lord Hoffman in the House of Lords decision of _Re HIH Casualty and General
Insurance Ltd and others; McGrath and others v Riddell and another_ [2008] 1
WLR 852 (“ _Re HIH_ ”).

(c) Therefore a Singapore court will, as far as is consistent with justice and
Singapore public policy, cooperate with the courts in the place of
incorporation of an insolvent foreign company to ensure that all of its assets
are distributed to its creditors under a single system of distribution. To
that end, the Singapore courts have a discretion, to be exercised in all the
circumstances of the case, to disapply the obligations of Singapore
liquidators under Singapore’s statutory insolvency scheme even if the effect
would be to deprive creditors who have proved in Singapore of substantive
rights under Singapore’s insolvency law.

(d) Section 377(3)(c) of the Act applies to the liquidation of Beluga
Chartering by virtue of s 350(2) of the Act. Section 365 of the Act does not
prevent s 377(3)(c) from so applying. The Singapore Liquidators are therefore
bound both by the transmission obligations and the distribution obligations in
s 377(3)(c) of the Act.

(e) The Singapore Liquidators’ obligation to distribute the Singapore Proceeds
in accordance with s 377(3)(c) is subject to the Court’s discretion under the
ancillary liquidation to disapply that obligation if it is appropriate to do
so in all the circumstances of the case and if to do so is consistent with
justice and Singapore public policy.

(f) On the facts of this case, I decline to exercise my discretion to disapply
the obligation in s 377(3)(c) to the Singapore liquidation of Beluga
Chartering.

25 The result is that the Singapore Liquidators are obliged to transmit the
Singapore Proceeds to the German Liquidator, but only after they pay its debts
and satisfy its liabilities incurred in Singapore. This will include the
judgment debt due to the Singapore Subsidiaries.

26 To explain in detail the basis for these conclusions, I first consider the
history of our statutory insolvency scheme. I then analyse the provisions of
our statutory insolvency scheme in the context of its text, history and
purpose. I then consider three seminal cases – two from England and one from
Singapore – which consider how that scheme should be applied in the
liquidation of a foreign company. I conclude by summarising the undisputed
facts of this case and by applying the principles which I derive from this
analysis of the law to those facts.

History of our statutory insolvency scheme

Universalism and territorialism

27 Both the applicants and the respondents have framed their arguments at
several levels of conceptual generality. At the highest level, the dispute has
been framed as a contest between two competing aspirations in cross-border
insolvency: universalism and territorialism. The Singapore Liquidators on
behalf of Beluga Chartering advocate a version of universalism. The Official
Receiver on behalf of the Singapore Subsidiaries advocates a version of
territorialism.

28 The following passage from the article “Lessons for the Development of
Singapore’s International Insolvency Law” by Assistant Professor Wee Meng
Seng, (2011) 23 SAcLJ 932 at para 6 explains in a nutshell the difference
between the two approaches:

At the most basic level, territorialism envisages that each country will seize
local assets and apply them for the benefit of local creditors, with little or
no regard for foreign proceedings. By contrast, universalism advocates that a
court administers the bankruptcy of a debtor on a worldwide basis with the
help of other courts in each affected country. . . . [P]ure versions of
universalism and territorialism represent the extreme ends of a spectrum
within which different shades of territorialism and universalism have been
developed. In practice, the real battle is fought between modified
territorialism and modified universalism.”

29 English insolvency law gives effect to the goals of universalism – at least
in part – through the ancillary liquidation doctrine. Whatever the normative
accounts of this doctrine may say, the classical descriptive account of the
doctrine is found in the four propositions set out in the decision of Sir
Richard Scott V-C in _Re Bank of Credit and Commerce International S.A. (No.
10)_ [1997] 1 Ch 213 (“ _Re BCCI_ ”) (at 246):

(1) Where a foreign company is in liquidation in its country of incorporation,
a winding up order made in England will normally be regarded as giving rise to
a winding up ancillary to that being conducted in the country of
incorporation. (2) The winding up in England will be ancillary in the sense
that it will not be within the power of the English liquidators to get in and
realise all the assets of the company worldwide. They will necessarily have to
concentrate on getting in and realising the English assets. (3) Since in order
to achieve a pari passu distribution between all the company's creditors it
will be necessary for there to be a pooling of the company's assets worldwide
and for a dividend to be declared out of the assets comprised in that pool,
the winding up in England will be ancillary in the sense, also, that it will
be the liquidators in the principal liquidation who will be best placed to
declare the dividend and to distribute the assets in the pool accordingly. (4)
None the less, the ancillary character of an English winding up does not
relieve an English court of the obligation to apply English law, including
English insolvency law, to the resolution of any issue arising in the winding
up which is brought before the court. It may be, of course, that English
conflicts of law rules will lead to the application of some foreign law
principle in order to resolve a particular issue.

30 The aspiration comprised in Scott V-C’s third proposition is implemented in
English insolvency law by a transmission order. It is by transmitting the
proceeds of a local liquidation to the principal liquidation for distribution
that the universalist aspiration is achieved. A transmission order is, in
essence, what the Singapore Liquidators want in this application.

31 The debate between universalism and territorialism – whether pure or
modified – may be useful conceptual background material for the questions
posed on this application. However, that debate is essentially a normative
one. It is therefore at too high a level of generality to be of direct
assistance to me as a court of first instance. Determining the applicants’
questions requires me to ascertain and apply Singapore insolvency law as it
is, not as it should be. And so I start with our statutory insolvency scheme.

The history of our legislation

32 Our statutory insolvency scheme is set out in the Act. It is derived from
the Malaysian Companies Act 1965 (Act No 79 of 1965) (“the 1965 Act”). That
was in turn based on the Companies Act 1961 (No 6839 of 1961) of the
Australian state of Victoria (“the 1961 Act”). The Malaysian Act, the 1961 Act
and our Act have their ultimate roots in the Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK)
(“the 1948 Act”) and its predecessor legislation in England.

33 Despite certain idiosyncrasies, the fundamental features of our statutory
insolvency scheme can be found either verbatim or with readily recognisable
analogues in the historical English insolvency enactments and also in the
modern descendants of these enactments which have developed in parallel in
England and in the Commonwealth. I consider first the historical English
enactments.

English authorities remain of relevance in interpreting our Act

34 The English Companies Act 1862 (25 & 26 Vict c 89) (“the 1862 Act”) was the
first English statute to bear that name. It was the model for the Straits
Settlements’ Companies Ordinance 5 of 1889 (“the 1889 Ordinance”). The
provisions of the 1889 Ordinance and the courts’ approach in interpreting and
applying it are readily familiar to any insolvency lawyer or judge even today.

35 In 1890, the courts of the Straits Settlements decided the case of _In re
The Rawang Tin Mining Co., Limited, & The Chartered Bank of India, Australia
And China_ (neutral citations [1890] Ky 14, [1890] SLJ 8; hardcopy citations
[1885-90] 4 Ky 570, [1890] 3 Straits LJ 27). The judgment of O’Malley CJ at
first instance was upheld on appeal by Pellereau and Wood JJ in the Court of
Appeal. They applied the insolvency provisions of the 1889 Ordinance to decide
the case.

36 What is at once striking upon reading the judgment of O’Malley CJ is how
easily a modern reader – even over 120 years after the case was decided in
1890 – can understand not only the court’s statements of general principle but
also the court’s references to specific provisions in the statutory insolvency
scheme under the 1889 Ordinance. I cite as an example a passage from the
judgment of O’Malley CJ:

The object of the [1889] Ordinance under the operation of which it is said
that these assets are recoverable is to make an equitable provision in the
nature of a bankruptcy for the distribution of the effects of the Company
amongst the persons entitled; to secure that, all the assets of the Company
shall be collected and made available for equal distribution among the
creditors. Its provisions are framed to carry out this object, and the effect
of those provisions is to make the property of a Company which is being wound-
up, trust property, affected with an obligation to be dealt with in a
particular way, and to fix all the assets with a trust for equal distribution
among the creditors. Then, at what stage of the winding-up must we take it
that the trust is so created? We must look at the purpose of such a trust, and
at what is needed to make it effectual, and also at Sections 195 and 212.
Those sections provide that all dispositions of property of the Company made
between the commencement of the winding-up and the order of winding-up shall
be void unless sanctioned by the Court, and that all attachments and
executions put in force after the commencement of the winding-up, without
leave of the Court, shall be void. I think, these shew that the control of the
Court is absolute as from the commencement of the winding-up, that is to say,
by Section 135, from the filing of the petition, and that the trust should be
regarded as being created as from that date, and that would be in the present
case, 2nd of September.

English common law remains relevant

37 In _RBG Resources plc (in liquidation) v Credit Lyonnais_ [2006] 1 SLR(R)
240 (“ _RBG_ ”), Woo Bih Li J held that the ancillary liquidation doctrine and
the transmission orders that it entails are part of Singapore’s common law. I
agree.

38 But it was not _RBG_ which first introduced the ancillary liquidation
doctrine into Singapore law. As long ago as 1926, Murison CJ in _Re Lee Wah
Bank_ (neutral citation [1926] MC 5; hardcopy citation 2 Malayan Cases 81), a
decision of the courts of the Straits Settlements, expressed the ancillary
doctrine’s underlying principles and made a transmission order. The Chinese
Merchants Bank Ltd was a bank incorporated in Hong Kong with a branch in
Saigon. It went into liquidation in both Hong Kong and in Saigon but not in
the Straits Settlements. The Saigon branch had a credit balance in an account
with the Lee Wah Bank Ltd in Singapore. The question for Murison CJ’s
determination was whether Lee Wah Bank should pay that credit balance to the
Saigon liquidators (as an asset of the Saigon branch) or to the Hong Kong
liquidator (as the principal liquidators, being the liquidators in the
insolvent company’s place of domicile).

39 Murison CJ said as follows:

The general principle in cases of this kind is clear enough. It is laid down
by Vaugham [sic] Williams J. . . . thus:- "Where there is a liquidation of the
concern the general principle is - ascertain what is the domicile of the
company in liquidation; let the Court of the country of domicile act as the
principal Court to govern the liquidation; and let the other Courts act as
ancillary, as far as they can, to the principal liquidation."

The domicile of a trading company is fixed by the situation of its principal
place of business . . . and there is no doubt at all that in this case the
domicile of the liquidating Company is Hong Kong.

40 Singapore’s version of the ancillary liquidation doctrine is historically
derived from and strongly aligned with the ancillary liquidation doctrine in
English law. The dictum of Vaughan Williams J which Murison CJ cites in this
passage is from the decision in _Re English, Scottish and Australian Chartered
Bank_ [1893] 3 Ch 385 at 394. The principles in this case continue today to
comprise at least part of the foundation of the ancillary liquidation doctrine
in English law: see _Re HIH_ at [60].

Conclusion

41 Company law – and in particular insolvency law – did not start with a blank
slate in Singapore in 1967. By 1967, the ancillary liquidation doctrine was a
well-established part of Singapore law. Further, the decisions of English and
Commonwealth courts considering statutory insolvency schemes under or derived
from common English ancestors remain of assistance today in interpreting and
applying the provisions of our own scheme. Decisions of these courts analysing
or distilling common law principles which apply in insolvency – such as the
ancillary liquidation doctrine – are equally of assistance today.

42 Of course, we must always be mindful of local idiosyncrasies. There are
only three idiosyncrasies in our statutory insolvency scheme that are relevant
to this matter. They are ss 365, 368 and aspects of s 377. All of these
provisions are found in Division 2 of Part XI of the Act. I will consider and
analyse these idiosyncrasies separately in the course of this judgment.

43 For these reasons, and subject to this qualification, I cannot accept the
Official Receiver’s submission that the ancillary liquidation doctrine and the
transmission orders necessary to give effect to it do not form part of
Singapore law. They both form a long-standing part of Singapore’s insolvency
law and its common law. I also cannot accept the Official Receiver’s
submission that I should not rely on English and Commonwealth decisions in
interpreting our statutory insolvency scheme and in considering the common law
gloss that has been put upon it

Some basic but necessary definitions

44 Before looking in detail at that statutory insolvency scheme, certain basic
definitions are necessary to avoid conceptual confusion.

Definition of “company”

45 The word “company” is defined in s 4(1) of the Act as follows:

“company” means a _company_ incorporated pursuant to this Act or pursuant to
any corresponding previous written law”.

[Emphasis added.]

46 This is a circular definition. The second use of “company” (underlined
above) in this definition must, therefore, be given something other than the
statutory meaning. The opening words of s 4 of the Act permit us to do this.
Those words tell us that the definitions set out in s 4 apply “unless the
contrary intention appears”. The circularity manifests a contrary intention.
In this context, the second use of the word “company” must simply mean “legal
person”.

47 Therefore under s 4(1) a “company” is a legal person which has acquired its
corporate status under Singapore’s past or present companies legislation. The
necessary consequence is that every legal person which has acquired its
corporate status _otherwise_ than under Singapore’s companies legislation is
not a “company” within the meaning of the Companies Act.

48 To avoid confusion, I will refer to a company as defined in s 4(1) of the
Act as a “Singapore company”. This is not a tautology: section 4(1) of the Act
itself shows that “company” in the Act does not always mean “company” as
defined in section 4(1).

Singapore-incorporated non-company

49 Not every legal person incorporated under Singapore law is a Singapore
company. The Companies Act is only one of the many Singapore statutes under
which one or more persons can be deemed a legal person and acquire corporate
status – be “incorporated” – under Singapore law: see for example s 3(2) of
the Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36, 2001 Rev Ed), s 2(1) the Central Sikh
Gurdwara Board Act (Cap 357, 1985 Rev Ed), s 2(1) of the Minister for Finance
(Incorporated) Act (Cap 183, 1985 Rev Ed), s 2(1) of the Bishop of Singapore
Ordinance (Cap 355, 1985 Rev Ed), s 4 of the Limited Liability Partnerships
Act (Cap 163A, 2006 Rev Ed).

50 I will refer to a legal person incorporated under Singapore law but _not_
under Singapore’s _companies_ legislation as a “Singapore-incorporated non-
company”.

Definition of “foreign company”

51 A “foreign company” is defined in s 4(1) of the Act:

“foreign company” _means_ –

(a)a _company_ , corporation, society, association or other body _incorporated
outside Singapore_ ; or

(b)an unincorporated society, association or other body which under the law of
its place of origin may sue or be sued, or hold property in the name of the
secretary or other officer of the body or association duly appointed for that
purpose and which does not have its head office or principal place of business
in Singapore.

[Emphasis added]

52 We must once again read “company” in the term “foreign company” and in
paragraph (a) of the statutory definition of that term simply as meaning
“legal person”. To apply the section 4(1) definition of “company” to the
definition of “foreign company” would otherwise lead to a paradox and a
circularity.

53 So a “foreign company” as defined in paragraph (a) of the definition of
that term in s 4(1) of the Act means a legal person, corporation, society,
association or other body incorporated outside Singapore.

Definition of “unregistered company”

54 “Unregistered company” is defined in s 350(1) of the Act as follows:

350.–(1) For the purposes of this Division, “unregistered company” _includes_
a _foreign company_ and any partnership, association or company consisting of
more than 5 members but does not include a company incorporated under this Act
or under any corresponding previous written law.

[Emphasis added]

55 This is a non-exhaustive definition. The legislature contemplates entities
which are outside the statutory definition but which are nevertheless
“unregistered companies”. We must therefore give the term “unregistered
company” an ordinary meaning for the non-exhaustive statutory definition to
supplement. Once again, we cannot apply the s 4(1) definition of “company”
because that would lead to a paradox. So “company” in this phrase again simply
means “legal person”.

56 “Unregistered” simply means the opposite of “registered”, as defined by s
4(1) of the Act. But in the context of this statutory definition,
“unregistered” refers to _and only to_ non-registration under s 19(3) of the
Act. Registration under s 19(3) must not be confused with registration under s
368. Section 368 and the rest of Division 2 of Part XI of the Act set out a
registration regime for a foreign company which establishes a place of
business or carries on business in Singapore. Even if a foreign company
registers under Division 2 of Part XI, it remains nevertheless an
“unregistered company” within the meaning of s 350(1). I explain why at [86]
below. I make this point here because both parties’ submissions incorrectly
conflate non-registration under Division 2 of Part XI with the concept of an
“unregistered company” defined in s 350(1).[note: 21] They are distinct
concepts.

57 The ordinary meaning of “unregistered company” is therefore a legal person
not registered under s 19(3) of Singapore’s companies legislation or its
predecessors. To that ordinary meaning, the non-exhaustive definition adds
certain classes of entities – a “partnership”, “association” or “company”
consisting of more than 5 members – but which the legislature deems to be
“unregistered companies” for the purposes of the Act.

58 A “foreign company” obviously _is_ an “unregistered company”. A Singapore
company equally obviously _is not_ an “unregistered company”. Thus the
definition in s 350(1) makes express provision for _both:_ including the
former and excluding the latter _._ But the key concept in the term
“unregistered company” is not whether the legal person is local or foreign to
Singapor _e: the key concept is incorporation under the Act_. A legal person
is an “unregistered company” so long as it is not incorporated under the Act
_even if it is incorporated under Singapore law_. Thus, a Singapore-
incorporated non-company is just as much an “unregistered company” as a
“foreign company” is an “unregistered company”. To put it another way, every
foreign company is also an unregistered company. But not every unregistered
company is a foreign company.

59 This is confirmed by s 354 of the Act. This section applies to a defunct
unregistered company the same provisions in relation to unclaimed property as
apply to a Singapore company. In doing so, the section specifically
contemplates that an “unregistered company” whose insolvency is governed by
Division 5 of Part X can have its origin _in Singapore_.

60 This is an important point for the analysis which follows. It is perfectly
possible for an unregistered company to have been incorporated or to otherwise
be an entity under Singapore law – as long as that law is not Singapore’s
_companies_ legislation.

61 Bearing these distinctions in mind, I now turn now to consider the
statutory insolvency scheme under the Act and the competing submissions of how
it should be interpreted and applied in the case of cross-border insolvency.

The statutory insolvency scheme under the Act

Liquidation of a Singapore company

62 Part X of the Act is entitled “Winding Up”. It comprises 5 Divisions.
Divisions 1, 2, 3 and 4 of Part X apply to the winding up of “companies”.
“Company” here means a Singapore company, there being no signal from the
context that we should disregard the statutory definition in s 4(1). Section
254(1) of the Act gives the Court a discretion to wind up a Singapore company
compulsorily and appoint a liquidator if any one of the statutory grounds is
established.

63 A liquidator of a Singapore company appointed under section 254(1) of the
Act has five broad sets of obligations: (a) to ascertain, get in and realise
the assets of the Singapore company; (b) to settle a list of contributories
and creditors of the Singapore company and to ascertain by adjudication of
proof the value of each creditor’s claim; (c) to distribute the realised
assets of the Singapore company in accordance with the priorities established
by law and to return any surplus to the contributories; (d) to investigate and
ascertain the causes of the Singapore company’s insolvency and if appropriate
seek recourse against those responsible for it; and (e) when warranted, to
conclude the liquidation by applying to Court for an order for his release and
the dissolution of the Singapore company. All of these obligations are, of
course, subject to sufficient assets being available to fund their discharge
(see section 323(1) of the Act and r 187 Companies (Winding Up) Rules (Cap 50,
R 1, 2006 Rev Ed)).

64 A liquidator of a Singapore company derives his power to act for and on
behalf of that company to achieve these broad objectives under and by virtue
of Singapore law. He is appointed by a Singapore court. He holds the insolvent
company’s assets under a statutory purpose trust created by Singapore
insolvency law to preserve the assets of the company for distribution among
the insolvent's unsecured creditors: _In re The Rawang Tin Mining Co.,
Limited, & The Chartered Bank of India, Australia And China_ [1890] Ky 14,
[1890] SLJ 8; _Ng Wei Teck Michael v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [1998]
1 SLR(R) 778 at [31]; _Power Knight Pte Ltd v Natural Fuel Pte Ltd (in
compulsory liquidation)_ [2010] 3 SLR 82 at [43]-[52]; _Ayerst (Inspector of
Taxes) v C & K (Construction) Ltd_ [1976] AC 167 at 179-181.

65 Where the Singapore company’s assets, management and books and records are
all within Singapore, it is a straightforward task for the liquidator to
exercise his powers in order to discharge his obligations. All third parties
in Singapore are subject to Singapore law and are obliged to recognise the
liquidator’s power and authority under Singapore law to act for and on behalf
of the insolvent Singapore company. If they fail to do so, the Singapore Court
will exercise its coercive powers to compel them to do so.

66 The analysis becomes more complex if the Singapore company has some or all
of its assets outside Singapore. The liquidators’ statutory duties and powers
under the Act are not subject to any express or implied statutory territorial
limits. There is therefore no statutory basis for holding that these duties
and powers stop at Singapore’s shores. As Sir Richard Scott V-C said in _Re
BCCI_ at 236G: “Every . . . winding up has a theoretical international
application.” The only limit on these powers and duties is practical one, as
Scott V-C recognised at 241H:

The _effective_ jurisdiction of the court is, for winding up purposes,
necessarily territorial. English liquidators can get in assets of the company
that are within the jurisdiction of the court. But they can only get in assets
of the company that are outside the territorial jurisdiction of the court if
or to the extent that their title to control the company is recognised by the
courts of the country in which the assets are situated. _The English statutory
scheme purports to have worldwide, not merely territorial, effect._ Every
creditor of the company, wherever he may be resident and whatever may be the
proper law of his debt, can prove in an English liquidation. _The liquidators
must get in and realise the company’s assets as best they may whatever may be
the country in which the assets are situated_.

[Emphasis added]

67 Thus, even though there is no statutory basis to limit the international
nature of the winding up of a Singapore company, the ever-pragmatic common law
recognises a territorial limitation on the liquidator’s otherwise worldwide
duties and powers. This limitation arises because of the practical difficulty
in performing these duties and exercising these powers outside Singapore.

68 So the position is this: Divisions 1, 2 and 4 of Part X are clearly
universalist in their theoretical approach and statutory intent. Every
Singapore liquidator of a Singapore company is a worldwide liquidator with
worldwide duties and worldwide powers. Further, every creditor of an insolvent
Singapore company is entitled to come in and prove his debt in the Singapore
liquidation, wherever in the world the creditor may be incorporated or
domiciled, wherever in the world he may carry on business and whatever law may
govern his claim against the Singapore company.

69 But that is not to say that Divisions 1, 2 and 4 of Part X expressly or
impliedly enact or envisage the ancillary liquidation doctrine. In fact, they
do not do so. They are oblivious to any need to do so. They proceed on the
fundamental but unstated basis that the Singapore liquidation will be the only
liquidation in every case. This is not surprising. Divisions 1, 2 and 4 of
Part X deal with liquidating a Singapore company. Conceptually, a Singapore
company is a creature of a Singapore statute. Therefore, it can be born, live
and die only under Singapore law. So a Singapore company must of necessity be
wound up under Singapore law as the law of its place of incorporation. And
pragmatically, it will have been the expectation of creditors and others doing
business with a Singapore company anywhere in the world that its liquidation
will take place in Singapore and under Singapore’s insolvency law. That is why
there are no provisions in these Divisions which impose a statutory
restriction on the territorial scope of the liquidator’s duties, or which
provide a mechanism for determining whether – and if so when, in what
circumstances and to what extent – the Singapore liquidator is to prevail over
or defer to any ancillary foreign liquidator of the Singapore company which
may be appointed in a foreign jurisdiction.

70 I now turn to consider how, if at all, this conceptual approach differs in
the Singapore liquidation of a foreign company.

Liquidation of an unregistered company

71 As its title suggests, Division 5 of Part X governs the “Winding up of
unregistered companies”. Section 351(1) of the Act gives the Court a
discretion to wind up an “unregistered company” on certain grounds. The
Singapore Court placed Beluga Chartering in liquidation under s 351(1) on the
insolvency ground. So I will analyse only the insolvency ground in this
judgment.

72 Division 5 of Part X is not intended to be a complete, self-contained code
for the liquidation of unregistered companies. That is why the legislature
inserted s 350(2) into that Division.

73 I analyse the scope of s 350(2) in greater detail at [105]-[117] below. It
suffices for now to note simply that the word “companies” appears twice in s
350(2) and encompasses at the very least Singapore companies. So s 350(2)
provides at the very least that nothing in Division 5 of Part X precludes the
provisions of Divisions 1, 2 and 4 of Part X – which apply to the compulsory
liquidation of a Singapore company – from applying in the liquidation of an
unregistered company. Section 350(2) also provides, at the very least, that
the liquidator of an unregistered company may exercise any power which he
could exercise and do any act which he could do under Divisions 1, 2 and 4 of
Part X.

74 Division 3 cannot apply to the liquidation of an unregistered company
because it applies only to voluntary liquidation, not compulsory liquidation
as required by s 350(2), and because s 351(1)(b) expressly provides that an
unregistered company cannot be liquidated voluntarily.

Division 5 of Part X does not enact or envisage the ancillary liquidation
doctrine

75 Division 5 of Part X governs the winding up of both foreign companies and
Singapore incorporated non-companies (see [58] above), both being sub-types of
unregistered companies. Division 5 is therefore equally capable of governing
the liquidation of a wholly foreign entity with no domestic dimension as it is
of governing the liquidation of a wholly domestic entity with no cross-border
dimension. That is why Division 5 of Part X has no provisions in it
specifically to govern the insolvency of _foreign_ companies – as a subclass
of unregistered companies – or even specifically to govern insolvencies of
unregistered companies with a cross-border dimension. It simply sets out the
default rules which govern the winding up of _any_ entity – domestic or
foreign – which is not incorporated under Singapore’s companies legislation.

76 Like Divisions 1, 2 and 4 before it, Division 5 of Part X of the Act is not
premised on a liquidation initiated under s 351(1) running in parallel with a
foreign liquidation, let alone being ancillary to such a liquidation. It
proceeds on the basis that the Singapore liquidation of an unregistered
company will be the only liquidation. I say this for several reasons.

77 First, in the case of an unregistered company which is a Singapore-
incorporated non-company, the Singapore liquidation will clearly be the
principal liquidation envisaged by the Act. The Singapore liquidation will not
ordinarily be accompanied by a liquidation in another jurisdiction let alone
be ancillary to another such liquidation.

78 Second, in the case of a foreign company, there is no provision anywhere in
Division 5 of Part X that a Singapore liquidator of a foreign company
appointed under s 351(1) is to play an ancillary role to a foreign liquidator
of that foreign company. It is not even a prerequisite for a winding up order
under s 351(1) that the foreign company be in liquidation elsewhere so that
the Singapore liquidation may be ancillary to it.

79 Third, ss 351 and 352 of Division 5 of Part X expressly envisage that the
court can appoint a Singapore liquidator for a foreign company after a foreign
liquidation ends and even after the foreign company has been dissolved or has
otherwise ceased to exist under the relevant foreign law. In such a situation
too, there will be no principal liquidation elsewhere and hence no liquidation
for the Singapore liquidation to be ancillary to.

80 Division 5 of Part X of the Act is therefore completely indifferent to
whether the liquidation of a foreign company under its provisions will be
preceded by or followed by a liquidation in its home jurisdiction or indeed in
any other foreign jurisdiction. A liquidation under Division 5 can start
before a foreign liquidation has commenced or after a foreign liquidation has
concluded. It can even take place after the foreign company has been
dissolved.

81 This explains why there are no provisions in Division 5 of Part X which
restrict the territorial scope of the liquidator’s duties or which provide a
mechanism for determining whether – and if so when, in what circumstances and
to what extent – a Singapore liquidator of an unregistered company is to
prevail over or defer to any foreign liquidator of the unregistered company.
Division 5 – like Divisions 1, 2 and 4 – simply assumes that the Singapore
liquidation of an unregistered company will in every case proceed from
beginning to end as a worldwide liquidation with the Singapore liquidation
being the only liquidation. There is no statutory basis in Division 5 to
divert the Singapore liquidation of an unregistered company from that course.
Division 5 does not expressly or impliedly envisage or enact the ancillary
liquidation doctrine because it does not even envisage or enact cross-border
aspects of Singapore’s insolvency law.

82 The liquidation of an unregistered company under Division 5 of Part X of
the Act – which includes the liquidation of a foreign company – is just as
much a worldwide liquidation as the liquidation of a Singapore company under
Divisions 1, 2 and 4 of Part X. Lord Hoffman confirmed this in _Re HIH_ (at
[8]-[9]):

In the late 19th century there developed a judicial practice, based upon the
principle of universalism, by which the English winding up of a foreign
company was treated as ancillary to a winding up by the court of its domicile.
There is no doubt that an English court has jurisdiction to wind up such a
company if it has assets here or some other sufficient connection with this
country: _In re Drax Holdings Ltd_ [2004] 1 WLR 1049. And in theory, such an
order operates universally, applies to all the foreign company’s assets and
brings into play the full panoply of powers and duties under the Insolvency
Act 1986 like any other winding up order: see Millett J in _In re
International Tin Council_ [1987] Ch 419, 447: ‘The statutory trusts extend to
[foreign] assets, and so does the statutory obligation to collect and realise
them and to deal with their proceeds in accordance with the statutory scheme.’

But the judicial practice which developed in such a case was to limit the
powers and duties of the liquidator to collecting the English assets and
settling a list of the creditors who sent in proofs [to the English
liquidators]. The Court, so to speak, “disapplied” the statutory trusts and
duties in relation to the foreign assets of foreign companies. The practice
was based partly upon the pragmatic consideration that any foreign country
which applied our own rules of private international law would not recognise
the title of an English ancillary liquidator to the company’s assets. But it
was also based on the principle of universalism.”

83 This passage, when read together with the passage from _Re BCCI_ set out in
[66] above, confirms that the English statutory insolvency scheme – on which
our Part X is based – contemplates a worldwide liquidation of a foreign
company in which the local liquidator enjoys or is subject to the full panoply
of worldwide statutory rights, powers and obligations as the liquidator of a
local company. Any limitation on the liquidator’s theoretical worldwide power
is imposed by the common law and not by statute. It is therefore incorrect, as
the Singapore Liquidators appear to presume, that because the Singapore
liquidation is characterised as an ancillary liquidation, the Singapore
Liquidators’ statutory duties are by that fact alone confined to collecting
Singapore assets[note: 22] and transmitting the proceeds to the principal
liquidation.

Division 5 of Part X applies to all foreign companies

84 The next point I make is that Division 5 of Part X governs the winding up
of every foreign company – a foreign company being one of the two classes of
unregistered companies – whether or not the foreign company is carrying on
business in Singapore. Section 351(4) of the Act provides that in Division 5
of Part X, “‘to carry on business’ has the same meaning as in section 366.”
Section 366, of course, appears in Division 2 of Part XI.

85 Division 5 of Part X clearly applies even to foreign companies which have a
place of business or which carry on business in Singapore: see ss 351(1)(a),
351(1)(c)(i), 351(2)(a) and 351(2)(b).

86 Division 5 of Part X also applies to the winding up of every foreign
company even if the particular foreign company has registered under section
368 of the Act. In other words, an unregistered company which is a foreign
company remains an unregistered company within the meaning of section 350(1)
_even if_ it registers under section 368. I say this for four reasons. First,
the term “unregistered company” is defined in s 350(1) of the Act to include a
“foreign company” without any qualification. The definition does not exclude
foreign companies which register under section 368. Second, the only express
exclusion in s 350(1) is for companies “incorporated” under Singapore’s
companies legislation. So the relevant registration which removes a legal
entity from the scope of the term “unregistered company” is registration by
the Registrar of Companies under section 19(3) of the Act. Third, Division 2
of Part XI of the Act clearly contemplates that a foreign company which
complies with its obligation to register under section 368 can be put into
liquidation in Singapore. But Division 2 of Part XI itself contains no section
which enables a court to make a winding up order analogous to section 254(1)
(for Singapore companies) and section 351(1) (for unregistered companies). So
the only section under which a court can wind up a foreign company – whether
or not registered under s 368 – is s 351(1). Fourth, the legislative intent is
that a foreign company which carries on business in Singapore without
registering commits an offence (s 386). Parliament can hardly be taken to have
legislated separately in Division 5 of Part X for the liquidation of
lawbreakers who carry on business in Singapore but fail to register under s
368.

87 So even in the case of a foreign company – whether or not it has a place of
business in Singapore and whether or not it carries on business in Singapore –
the Act contemplates that the Singapore liquidation will in every case proceed
from beginning to end as a worldwide liquidation with the Singapore
liquidation being the only liquidation. Even for foreign companies, Division 5
of Part X does not expressly or impliedly envisage or enact the ancillary
liquidation doctrine.

88 But s 377 does. It is that section to which I now turn.

The insolvency provisions of Division 2 of Part XI

89 Division 2 of Part XI deals with insolvency only in s 377. In the
historical context of our statutory insolvency scheme, s 377 is based on a
relatively recent precursor. It originated in the 1961 Act and has no
precursor in the 1948 Act or its predecessors. It operates by way of a gloss
on the general insolvency scheme of Part X, which is far older. It represents
the first attempt in the history of the insolvency scheme on which our Act is
based to put certain aspects of the common law ancillary liquidation doctrine
on a statutory footing.

90 Three further aspects of Division 2 of Part XI are entirely local
idiosyncrasies which we introduced in 1967 or later. These are: (a) s 365
which deals with the applicability of Division 2 of Part XI; (b) s 368 which
determines which foreign companies are obliged to register in Singapore and
when they must do so; and (c) s 377(3)(c) and s 377(7) which oblige a
Singapore liquidator to ring-fence Singapore assets for payment of the foreign
company’s preferential debts under Singapore law and for payment of debts
incurred in Singapore by the foreign company.

91 The legislative history of the most important aspect of s 377 – subsection
(3) – is set out in _Tohru Motobayashi v Official Receiver_ [2000] 3 SLR(R)
435 at [39] – [40] (“ _Tohru Motobayashi_ ”). For present purposes, it
suffices only to make the following observations about s 377(3) of the Act.

92 The analogue in the 1961 Act of our Part XI is also numbered Part XI and is
also titled “Various Types of Companies Etc”. The model for our s 377(3) is s
352(3) of the 1961 Act which provided as follows:

(3) A liquidator of a foreign company appointed for the State by the Court or
a person exercising the powers and functions of such a liquidator—

(a)shall, before any distribution of the foreign company's assets is made, by
advertisement in a newspaper circulating generally in each State or Territory
of the Commonwealth where the foreign company had been carrying on business
prior to the liquidation if no liquidator has been appointed for that place,
invite all creditors to make their claims against the foreign company within a
reasonable time prior to the distribution;

(b)shall not, without obtaining an order of the Court, pay out any creditor to
the exclusion of any other creditor of the foreign company;

(c)shall, unless otherwise ordered by the Court, only recover and realise the
assets of the foreign company in the State and shall pay the net amount so
recovered and realised to the liquidator of that foreign company for the place
where it was formed or incorporated.

93 Section 377(3) of the Act reads as follows:

(3) A liquidator of a foreign company appointed for Singapore by the Court or
a person exercising the powers and functions of such a liquidator —

(a) shall, before any distribution of the foreign company’s assets is made, by
advertisement in a newspaper circulating generally in each country where the
foreign company had been carrying on business prior to the liquidation if no
liquidator has been appointed for that place, invite all creditors to make
their claims against the foreign company within a reasonable time prior to the
distribution;

(b) _subject to subsection (7)_ , shall not, without obtaining an order of the
Court, pay out any creditor to the exclusion of any other creditor of the
foreign company; and

(c) shall, unless otherwise ordered by the Court, only recover and realise the
assets of the foreign company in Singapore and _shall, subject to paragraph
(b) and subsection (7)_ , pay the net amount so recovered and realised to the
liquidator of that foreign company for the place where it was formed or
incorporated _after paying any debts and satisfying any liabilities incurred
in Singapore by the foreign company_.

[Emphasis added]

The words I have underlined in s 377(3) are where our legislature has effected
changes of substance to s 352(3) of the 1961 Act.

94 The three limbs of s 377(3)(c) impose three duties on a Singapore
liquidator of a foreign company.

95 The first limb of s 377(3)(c) is taken directly from s 352(3)(c) of the
1961 Act. It imposes a specific territorial limit – by statute – on the
obligation of the Singapore liquidator of a foreign company to get in and
realise that company’s assets. The effect of this limb is to confine by
statute, and subject to contrary order by the court, every insolvency to which
this section applies _prima facie_ to local assets only. This reverses the
fundamental but unstated worldwide nature of every liquidation under Part X,
whether of a Singapore company or of a foreign company.

96 The second limb of s 377(3)(c) requires the liquidator of a foreign company
to “pay the net amount so recovered and realised to the liquidator of that
foreign company for the place where it was formed or incorporated”. This duty
is taken virtually word for word from s 352(3)(c) of the 1961 Act. This limb
states another aspect of the ancillary liquidation doctrine. It obliges the
Singapore liquidator to transmit the Singapore proceeds to the principal
liquidator so that he can distribute assets from a central pool in the
principal liquidation in the foreign company’s place of incorporation.

97 But in Singapore, this obligation is subject to a proviso which has no
equivalent in 352 of the 1961 Act. Under our Act only, the Singapore
liquidator must first pay preferential creditors under s 328 of the Act before
paying any proceeds of the Singapore liquidation to the principal liquidator.
Although the proviso is a local innovation, the substance is not novel. It
merely puts on a statutory footing what has always been taken to be the case
in an ancillary liquidation but which was left unexpressed in s 352(3)(c) of
the 1961 Act. As Lord Hoffman said in _Re HIH_ at [21], “the usual English
practice is, when remittal to a foreign liquidator is ordered, to make
provision for the retention of funds to pay English preferential creditors.”
Thus, even under the ancillary liquidation doctrine, local assets are ring-
fenced for the benefit of local preferential creditors.

98 The third limb of s 377(3)(c) is the crucial one for the purposes of this
case. It requires the liquidator to pay “any debts” and satisfy “any
liabilities incurred in Singapore by the foreign company” before paying the
net proceeds of the Singapore liquidation to the foreign liquidator. This limb
ring-fences Singapore assets for the payment of debts incurred in Singapore by
a foreign company. It is a wholly novel provision, having no equivalent in
English or Australian legislation, or in the common law. It was enacted in
Singapore in 1967 and mirrored in Malaysia in 1985 (_Tohru Motobayashi_ at
[40]). It abrogates the usual rule at common law and under Part X which is
that all debts in each class of every liquidation – whether of a Singapore
company or a foreign company – stand on an equal footing in a Singapore
liquidation regardless of where they were incurred.

99 It is important to note that s 377(3)(c) is not so territorial as to
mandate ring-fencing for creditors _from Singapore_ (cf [28] above). The
national origin or domicile of the creditor is quite irrelevant under s
377(3)(c). Only the origin of the _debt_ which the creditor claims against the
foreign company is relevant. So in that sense, s 377(3)(c) is not territorial:
all creditors, whatever their origin or domicile, enjoy the benefit of having
Singapore assets ring-fenced to pay Singapore debts.

100 But although s 377 enacts aspects of the ancillary liquidation doctrine,
it is far from an attempt to enact or codify it. This is because it continues
to envisage that a Singapore liquidation of a foreign company could be its
sole or principal liquidation: thus s 377(4) envisages that a Singapore
liquidation of a foreign company can commence and conclude with no principal
liquidator in place.

Does section 377(3)(c) apply to the liquidation of Beluga Chartering?

101 The question for me is whether s 377(3)(c) applies in the liquidation of
Beluga Chartering. The Official Receiver submits that it does because that is
the effect of s 350(2) of the Act, whether or not Beluga Chartering was
carrying on business in Singapore.[note: 23] I therefore now consider the
scope of s 350(2) and s 365 of the Act.

102 There are three issues which I must consider:

(a) what “companies” means on each of the two occasions it appears in s
350(2);

(b) what, if anything, is the significance of the different structure of the
two limbs of s 350(2); and

(c) whether s 365 of the Act establishes a condition precedent to the
application of s 377 of the Act.

103 In my view, for the reasons which follow, s 350(2) of the Act is wide
enough not to preclude the operation of the insolvency provisions in s 377 in
a liquidation under Division 5 of Part X. And s 365 does not establish a
condition precedent for the application of s 377 of the Act. The result is
that section 377(3)(c) applies to Beluga Chartering.

104 I now explain my reasons for arriving at these conclusions.

Scope of s 350(2) – meaning of the word “companies”

105 I set out s 350(2):

“This Division shall be in addition to, and not in derogation of, any
provisions contained in this or any other written law with respect to the
winding up of _companies_ by the Court and the Court or the liquidator may
exercise any powers or do any act in the case of unregistered companies which
might be exercised or done by it or him in winding up _companies_.”

[Emphasis added]

106 Section 350(2) comprises two limbs. The word “companies” is used once in
each limb, as underlined above. For consistency, the word “companies” should
obviously be ascribed the same meaning in both limbs unless there is a
compelling reason not to.

107 The word “company” in the Act does not always mean “Singapore company”
(see [44] to [61] above). What “company” or its plural means in any particular
provision is in every case a question of context. To understand in context
what “companies” means in s 350(2), I must turn to the origins of that
section. Doing so shows that the use of “companies” is one of those occasions
when company simply means “legal person”.

108 Section 350(2) is derived from s 314 of the 1961 Act which is in turn
derived from s 404 of the 1948 Act. I therefore start with s 404 of the 1948
Act.

109 The structure of Parts X and XI of our Act are modelled on the structure
of Parts IX and Part X of the 1948 Act respectively. Section 404 of the 1948
Act is found in Part IX of that Act and reads as follows:

**404\. Provisions of Part IX cumulative**

The provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to unregistered companies
shall be in addition to and not in restriction of any provisions _hereinbefore
in this Act contained_ with respect to winding up companies by the court, and
the court or liquidator may exercise any powers or do any act in the case of
unregistered companies which might be exercised or done by it or him in
winding up companies _formed and registered under this Act_ :

Provided that an unregistered company shall not, except in the event of its
being wound up, be deemed to be a company under this Act, and then only to the
extent provided by this Part of this Act.

[Emphasis added]

110 I make two points. The first limb of s 404 specifically refers only to the
_preceding_ provisions of the 1948 Act. This is not surprising. There were no
insolvency provisions in any subsequent part of the 1948 Act. The second point
is that the second limb of s 404 qualifies the second use of the word
“companies” by following it with the words “formed and registered under” the
1948 Act. This is only an apparent tautology. Section 455 of the 1948 Act
contained the same definition of “company” as our Act, with editorial changes,
and was subject in the same way to a contrary context. By these additional
words, the second limb of s 404 made clear that that Division did not preclude
– in the liquidation of an unregistered company – the availability to the
court or a liquidator of powers and discretions made available in the
insolvency of _locally-incorporated_ companies. If the 1948 Act had intended
the word “companies” in the first limb to be confined as in the second limb,
it would have followed the first use of the word “companies” by the same
limiting phrase as appears in the second limb. But the 1948 Act did not do
that. That provides a clear indication and a contrary context. “Companies” in
the first limb of s 404 of the 1948 Act simply meant legal persons.

111 Section 404 of the 1948 Act is the base for s 314(2) of the 1961 Act.
Section 314(2) is found in Part X of the 1961 Act and reads as follows:

Section 314(2): Provisions of Division cumulative

The provisions of this Division shall be in addition to and not in restriction
of _any provisions contained in this or any other Act_ with respect to winding
up companies by the Court and the Court or liquidator may exercise any powers
or do any act in the case of unregistered companies which might be exercised
or done by it or him in _winding up companies_.

[Emphasis added]

112 Again, I note two points: s 314(2) deliberately broadened the language to
refer to any insolvency provision _wherever appearing_ in the 1961 Act, and
indeed in the whole of the Victorian statute book. This again is not
surprising: unlike the 1948 Act, the 1961 Act _did_ contain insolvency
provisions in subsequent provisions, namely s 352(3) of the 1961 Act, the
precursor of our section 377(3). Because s 352(3) of the 1961 Act is capable
of applying only to foreign companies, this broadening of the scope of s
314(2) reinforces the view that it – like s 404 of the 1948 Act – intended the
first use of the word “companies” to mean simply “legal persons” and not just
locally-incorporated companies.

113 The second point is that s 314(2) of the 1961 Act differs from s 404 of
the 1948 Act because it deliberately removed the modifying phrase “formed and
registered under this Act” from the second use of the word “companies”. The
effect of this deliberate deletion is to assimilate the meaning of the second
use of the word “companies” in this section with the first use. So the
consequence of this deletion is that “companies” was intended simply to mean
“legal persons” in the second limb of s 314(2) as well.

114 Section 350(2) of our Act follows precisely the wording of s 314(2) of the
1961 Act, subject only to editorial amendment. In my view, that indicates that
our legislature intended our s 350(2) to have the same scope as s 314(2) of
the 1961 Act. “Companies” means “legal persons” on both occasions in section
350(2).

115 I am fortified in this interpretation by noting the effect of a contrary
interpretation in the case of the liquidation of a foreign company registered
under s 368 of the Act. It is common ground that that company can be placed in
liquidation only under Division 5 of Part X. It is also common ground that in
its liquidation, s 377(3)(c) would apply with full force. But if s 350(2)
operates positively to preclude all of s 377 from applying to a liquidation
under Division 5 of Part X simply because s 377 is not a provision which
relates to the liquidation of _Singapore_ companies, then s 377(3)(c) could
not apply even to the liquidation of a foreign company which _had_ registered
under s 368. That cannot have been the legislative intent. And no party before
me has suggested that it was.

Scope of s 350(2) in Division 5 of Part X – two limbs

116 But even if I am wrong in the interpretation of “companies” in s 350(2),
it is my view that the first limb of s 350(2) does not operate to exclude
provisions which fall outside its scope from applying to a liquidation under
Part 5 of Division X. Section 350(2) comprises two limbs. The second limb is
phrased in the _positive_. Its effect is positively to permit all powers and
discretions falling within its scope to apply in the liquidation of an
unregistered company. The first limb of s 350(2), by contrast, is phrased in
the _negative_. It simply provides that no provision in Division 5, by the
fact alone of its existence, _precludes_ a provision outside Division 5 from
applying to the liquidation of an unregistered company. Unlike the second limb
of s 350(2), the first limb does not operate positively to apply to the
liquidation of an unregistered company those provisions that are _within_ its
scope. Nor does it operate positively to preclude those provisions that are
_outside_ its scope from applying to the liquidation of an unregistered
company. Therefore, it is not correct to say that s 350(2) _positively
precludes_ a provision which falls _outside_ the scope of the first limb of s
350(2) from applying to the liquidation of an unregistered company by that
fact alone.

117 So even if the word “companies” is read as meaning only _Singapore_
companies, the only consequence is that s 350(2) fails expressly to provide
that nothing in Division 5 of Part X of the Act precludes insolvency
provisions such as s 377 of the Act from applying to the winding up of a
foreign company under Division 5 of Part X. That does not carry the necessary
implication that something in Division 5 _does_ preclude s 377 from applying.
So on that ground alone, s 377 may apply to the liquidation of a foreign
company under Division 5 of Part X however one interprets “companies” in s
350(2).

118 The question then arises: is there anything else which prevents s 377 from
applying to the liquidation of a foreign company under Division 5 of Part X?

Difficulties in interpreting s 365

119 On its face and looked at in isolation, s 377 is in absolute terms and is
wide enough to apply to a foreign company such as Beluga Chartering. Given my
finding that nothing in s 350(2) on its proper construction prevents section
377 from applying to a foreign company, that is sufficient to lead to the
result that s 377 applies to Beluga Chartering.

120 I must, however, consider s 365 of the Act. That section appears at the
beginning of Division 2 of Part XI of the Act and provides as follows:

**Foreign companies to which this Division applies**

365\. This Division applies to a foreign company which, before it establishes
a place of business or commences to carry on business in Singapore, complies
with section 368 and is registered under this Division.

121 Section 365 is commonly interpreted as setting a condition precedent for
the application of s 377. So, in _RBG_ (at [25]), counsel for the creditor
conceded that s 377 did not apply to a foreign company which was not
registered under section 368. As a result, arguments as to the construction of
s 365 were not addressed before Woo Bih Li J.

122 The condition-precedent interpretation has startling consequences. To
start with, it means that s 365 creates a circularity. To put it simply: on
this interpretation, s 365 provides that all of the sections of Division 2 of
Part XI – including s 368 – apply _only_ to a foreign company which complies
with s 368. Only a company which registers under s 368 is obliged to register
under s 368. How can that be right? Even if we dismiss this circularity by
saying that pedantic quibbles over semantics must give way to clear
legislative intent, there is a second, larger consequence.

123 The condition-precedent interpretation creates a huge loophole in Division
2 of Part XI. It means that all of Division 2 of Part XI – including s 386,
the penalty provision – cannot apply to a foreign company unless it registers
under s 368. So a company cannot be prosecuted for failing to register under s
368 unless it has registered under s 368. That cannot have been the
legislature’s intent.

124 In the context of s 377, the condition-precedent interpretation leaves out
of the scope of s 377 of the Act foreign companies to which the legislature
clearly intended s 377 to apply. On this interpretation, s 377 does not apply
to a foreign company which establishes a place of business in Singapore or
which carries on business in Singapore _but which at no time – whether before
or after doing either – registers under s 368_. Did the legislature really
intend to exempt that foreign company from all of Division 2 of Part XI
including s 377? It could not have intended that. Why would the legislature
have intended to withdraw the benefit of s 377 from the creditors of a foreign
company simply because the foreign company carried on business in Singapore in
complete and unremedied breach of its obligation to register under s 368? And
this loophole is so clear that it cannot be resolved by any amount of
purposive interpretation of the qualifying condition in s 365.

125 In _RBG_ , Woo J found a practical resolution to at least part of these
difficulties. Woo J acknowledged that the condition-precedent interpretation
conceded before him to be correct led to the second difficulty I have
identified. He arrived at a practical solution, holding at [31] that a foreign
company which establishes a place of business or carries on business in
Singapore but which fails to register under s 368 remains nevertheless under a
continuing obligation to register under that section. Once it complies and
registers, it becomes subject to s 377. But it is not at all clear how a
continuing obligation can arise at all given the circularity between s 365 and
s 368. And even Woo J accepted that his practical solution was only a partial
solution. It did not deal at all with the case of a foreign company which is
obliged to register but never registers at all. This loophole clearly troubled
him. Thus, Woo J said at [64]: “I accept that there is some merit in the
argument that a distinction, in the context of the payment of unsecured
creditors, should not be drawn solely on the basis of registration of the
insolvent company.”

126 These difficulties can all be resolved, but at a price. We can interpret s
365 as not setting a condition precedent but as simply describing _one class_
of foreign companies to which Division 2 of Part XI applies**.** The price is
that this interpretation of s 365 takes it from being underinclusive to being
overinclusive. It applies s 377 to a class of foreign companies which the
legislature arguably never intended it to apply to: a foreign company which
neither has a place of business nor carries on business in Singapore.

127 I will show at [128] to [148] below that s 365 need not be interpreted as
a condition precedent for the application of the provisions of Division 2 of
Part XI. To achieve this, I will rely on section 365’s legislative history and
a textual analysis of s 365. The overinclusiveness is not a counterargument to
this interpretation. The problem of overinclusiveness manifests itself only in
relation to s 377(3)(c). Insolvency law holds the solution to that problem.

The history of s 365

128 The modern precursor of section 365 of the Act is section 406 of the
English Companies Act 1948. The equivalent of a “foreign company” in the 1948
Act is an “oversea company”. Section 406 as enacted reads as follows:

**406** **Application of ss.407 to 414**

The next eight following sections shall apply to all oversea companies, that
is to say, companies incorporated outside Great Britain which, after the
commencement of this Act, establish a place of business within Great Britain,
and companies incorporated outside Great Britain which have, before the
commencement of this Act, established a place of business within Great Britain
and continue to have an established place of business within Great Britain at
the commencement of this Act.

129 I make three observations about section 406 of the 1948 Act. First,
section 406 did not on its face establish a condition precedent for the
application of sections 407 to 414 of that Act. It did not say that those 8
sections shall apply _only_ to oversea companies. The second point is that
none of the conditions set out in section 406 depended on any other section of
the 1948 Act. There could be no circularity. Finally, and in any event,
sections 407 to 414 all have to do with, and _only_ with, obligations to do
with or arising from registration. Those sections are not cross-referenced
from anywhere else in the 1948 Act. So it did not matter whether section 406
did or did not create a condition precedent. Section 406 was the only gateway
into ss 407 to 414. And those sections had no meaning outside the context of
oversea companies obliged to register under the 1948 Act.

130 Section 406 of the 1948 Act was the model for section 344 in Division 3 of
Part XI of the 1961 Act. Section 344 appeared at the beginning of Division 3
of Part XI and provided as follows:

**Foreign companies to which this Division applies**

344\. (1) ...[T]his Division applies to a foreign company _only_ if it has a
place of business or is carrying on business within the State.

[Emphasis added]

131 I make three observations about s 344. First, unlike s 406 of the 1948
Act, it attached the word “only” to the condition which it set out. The word
must have been inserted deliberately and must be given a meaning. It made s
344(1) a condition precedent. Second, s 344 of the 1961 Act was followed by s
346 of the 1961 Act which required every foreign company to register within
one month _after_ it established a place of business or commenced to carry on
business within Victoria. But s 344 made no reference to s 346. There was no
circularity. The only condition which s 344 imposed on the application of s
346 was that the foreign company either had a place of business in Victoria or
carried on business in Victoria. The third observation is that – unlike ss 407
to 414 of the 1948 Act – Part XI of the 1961 Act dealt with registration _and
insolvency_. So s 344 was intended to and did function as a condition
precedent to the application of every one of the provisions of Division 3 of
Part XI in the 1961 Act, whether dealing with registration or with insolvency.
It was if – and _only_ if – the condition in s 344 was satisfied that any of
the provisions of Division 3 of Part XI of the 1961 Act applied to a
particular foreign company.

132 Section 344 of the 1961 Act was the model for s 329 of our Act. In 1967, s
329 provided as follows:

**Foreign companies to which this Division applies**

329\. This Division applies to a foreign company _only_ if it has a place of
business or is carrying on business in Singapore.

[Emphasis added]

133 Section 346 of the 1961 Act was the model for s 332 of our 1967 Act. In
1967, s 332 provided as follows:

**Documents, etc., to be lodged by foreign companies having place of business
in Singapore.**

332\. —(1) Every foreign company shall _within one month after_ it establishes
a place of business or commences to carry on business in Singapore, lodge with
the Registrar for registration – . . . .”

[Emphasis added]

Sections 329 and 332 as enacted in 1967 in our Act are identical to s 344 and
346 of the 1961 Act, save only for changes of an editorial nature.

134 By adopting the language of s 344 of the 1961 Act – including its use of
the word “only” – our s 329 made clear that it established a condition
precedent to the application of all the provisions in Division 2 of Part XI.
Those provisions applied to every foreign company which satisfied the
condition in s 329 _and to no other types of foreign companies_. That
condition precedent made sense in light of the conceptual sequence underlying
s 332: _first_ , a foreign company establishes a place of business or
commences carrying on business in Singapore; _second_ , the obligation under s
332 immediately binds the foreign company; and _finally_ , the foreign company
has one month to discharge that obligation and register under s 332. That
condition precedent also made sense in that it required examining only whether
the foreign company has a place of business or carries on business in
Singapore, and not whether it had complied with its registration requirement.
It was not circular.

135 In 1984, s 54 of the Companies (Amendment) Act 1984 (Act 15 of 1984)
amended s 332. After amendment, s 332 read as follows:

**Documents, etc., to be lodged by foreign companies having place of business
in Singapore.**

332\. —(1) Every foreign company shall, ~~within one month after~~ _before_ it
establishes a place of business or commences to carry on business in
Singapore, lodge with the Registrar for registration – . . . .”

[Strikethrough and underlining added]

136 A foreign company was now obliged to register under s 332 _before_ it
established a place of business or commenced carrying on business in
Singapore. The Report of the Select Committee on The Companies (Amendment)
Bill [Bill No. 16/83] preceded the 1984 Amendment Act. It does not record the
reason for this change in the language. Presumably, the intention was to
ensure that there was no longer a one-month window during which a foreign
company could legally carry on business in Singapore without being registered.
By reason of the change, the obligation to register bound a foreign company at
an earlier point in time in the conceptual sequence: at a time when it neither
had a place of business nor carried on business in Singapore. So the sequence
envisaged by the amended s 332 was: first, the obligation under s 332 binds a
foreign company intending to establish a place of business or carry on
business in Singapore; second, the foreign company complies with its
obligation under s 332; and finally, the foreign company actually establishes
a place of business or commences to carry on business in Singapore.

137 But when s 332 was amended in this way, s 329 was not amended. It remained
in the form set out in [132] above. This must have been due to oversight. But
it caused an immediate and serious problem. The condition in s 329 was still
drafted as a condition precedent. And it still governed the application of the
entirety of Division 2 of Part XI. That meant that it continued to govern the
registration obligation under s 332. But at the point in time when a foreign
company was obliged to register under the new s 332, the foreign company had
neither established a place of business in Singapore nor commenced carrying on
business in Singapore as required by the unamended s 329. The unamended
condition precedent in s 329 meant that the entirety of Division 2 of Part XI,
including the registration obligation itself, did not apply to the very
foreign companies to which it was intended to apply. Section 332 would _never_
operate as intended.

138 Division 2 of Part XI was next amended in 1987. This set of amendments
originated in the Companies (Amendment) Bill (Bill No. 9 of 1986). By the time
of the 1986 Bill, s 329 of the Act had been renumbered as s 365. Section 332
had been renumbered as s 368.

139 Clause 62 of the 1986 Bill proposed an amendment to address the logical
inconsistency between s 368 and s 365. Section 365 as reformulated in the 1986
Bill was to read as follows:

**Foreign companies to which this Division applies**

365\. This Division applies to a foreign company which intends to have a place
of business or to carry on business in Singapore.

140 Note that the word “only” is now missing from the proposed s 365. It was
no longer to operate as a condition precedent.

141 The 1986 Bill was referred to a Select Committee after its second reading.
The Select Committee reformulated the proposed language of s 365 as follows:

**Foreign companies to which this Division applies**

365\. This Division applies to a foreign company which, before it establishes
a place of business or commences to carry on business in Singapore, complies
with section 368 and is registered under this Division.

142 The Select Committee chose the new language precisely to address the
logical inconsistency between s 365 and s 368. As then Finance Minister Mr
Richard Hu Tsu Tau said at page D69 in the Report of the Select Committee on
the Companies (Amendment) Bill [Bill No. 9/86]:

“The purpose of this amendment is to better reflect the intention of the
section by incorporating in it the concepts that appear in section 368 of the
Act. There is at present a logical inconsistency between the existing section
365 and section 368 in that the latter section applies to a foreign company
before it establishes a place of business or commences to carry on business
here while existing section 365 states that the Division applies _only_ if a
foreign company has a place of business or is carrying on business in
Singapore.”

[Emphasis added]

143 The Select Committee did not reintroduce the word “only” in their proposed
s 365. It too, like the original wording of cl 62, was not to operate as a
condition precedent.

144 The Select Committee’s report resulted in the Companies (Amendment) Act
1987 (Act 13 of 1987). The 1987 Amendment Act adopted the Select Committee’s
formulation of s 365. Section 365 has remained in that form to this day.

145 Section 365 as it stands applies Division 2 of Part XI to a foreign
company which complies with s 368. But unlike its Singapore precursor (see
[132]) and unlike its Australian model (see [130]), s 365 no longer prescribes
that Division 2 of Part XI applies to the class of foreign companies which it
specifies _and to no others_. It no longer operates as a condition precedent.
It merely describes _one_ of the classes of foreign companies to which
Division 2 of Part XI applies.

146 This reading of s 365 is consistent with the drafting convention of the
Act. Sections 365 and 130B are the only provisions in the Act which appear at
or near the beginning of a Division and deal with the application of the
Division. Section 130B was inserted into the Act in 1993 and amended in 2004.
Both incarnations of s 130B are cast as conditions precedent by using the word
“only”. The omission of the word in s 365 must be given interpretive
significance.

147 In the specific context of s 365, the absence of “only” is all the more
significant because it is not just an omission but a deletion. “Only” was
present in s 365’s precursor but was then deleted both by the cl 62 in the
1986 Bill and by the Select Committee’s reformulation of cl 62. Further, that
deletion achieved a purpose: it solved a specific problem with the operation
of section 368 caused by s 365’s precursor being a condition precedent which
specified an inapt condition. Given that the legislature amended s 365 in 1987
to correct an inapt condition precedent, it cannot have been the legislature’s
intent for the amendment to enact another inapt condition precedent, creating
circularity, loopholes and underinclusiveness.

148 For these reasons, I hold that s 365 does not establish a condition
precedent for the application of s 377. The condition which s 365 sets out is
a sufficient but not a necessary condition for s 377 to apply to a foreign
company. If s 365 is read as not creating a condition precedent, s 368 can
apply as it was intended by the 1984 Amendment Act. The obligation in s 368 is
capable of binding a foreign company both _before_ and _after_ it establishes
a place of business or commences to carry on business in Singapore.

The scope of the insolvency provisions in s 377

149 The price of achieving the legislature’s intent of bringing in the
defaulting foreign company within the scope of section 377 is the over
inclusiveness I have identified at [126] above. Insolvency law holds the key
to addressing this over inclusiveness.

150 First, a winding up order against a foreign company is not a matter of
right but a matter of discretion. A Singapore court will not exercise that
discretion unless the foreign company has a sufficient connection with
Singapore. This is usually, but not always, established by the presence of
substantial assets in Singapore and a reasonable possibility of some benefit
to creditors within the jurisdiction which will “warrant setting in motion all
the machinery of a company liquidation in . . . Singapore”: see _Tong Aik (Far
East) Ltd v Eastern Minerals & Trading (1959) Ltd_ [1965] 2 MLJ 149 following
_Banque des Marchands de Moscou (Koupetschesky)(in liq) v Kindersley_ [1951] 1
Ch 112.

151 Second, the Singapore court has under the ancillary liquidation doctrine a
discretion to disapply even substantive aspects of Singapore’s insolvency law
in appropriate circumstances, so far as is consistent with justice and
Singapore public policy. I deal with this discretion in more detail when I
analyse the decision in _HIH_ at [191] to [218] below.

152 The position I have now arrived at is that under Singapore’s statutory
insolvency scheme, the insolvency of every foreign company takes place under
Division 5 of Part X, supplemented by the provisions of Divisions 1, 2 and 4
of Part X and by the insolvency provisions in s 377 of the Act.

153 It may be said that interpreting s 365 as not setting a condition
precedent to the application of Division 2 of Part XI, and therefore to the
application of s 377(3)(c), is a parochial and regressive step because it
enlarges the scope for s 377(3)(c) to undermine the _pari passu_ principle.

154 There are two responses to that. First, the merits of ring-fencing as a
rule of insolvency law is something that the legislature considered in 1967
and thought fit as a matter of policy to enact. Until the legislature
reconsiders ring-fencing and amends or abolishes it, it must apply.

155 Second – although it might sound heretical to say it – the _pari passu_
principle is not sacrosanct in any mature insolvency scheme. I now speak of
the _pari passu_ principle only in its narrow distributive sense and not in
the sense it is sometimes used to describe rules which safeguard the integrity
of the insolvent company’s estate _prior_ to distribution. The _pari passu_
principle is today so riddled with exceptions that it accords far more closely
with reality to acknowledge that all that the _pari passu_ principle does now
is simply to set out the rule of rateable distribution by which an insolvent
company’s assets are distributed to that class of creditors which is
unfortunate enough to receive dividends in the lowest priority in a particular
insolvency.

The pari passu principle

156 The _pari passu_ principle in compulsory liquidation in England is
expressly stated by Rule 4.181 of the English Insolvency Rules 1986. Rule
4.181 reads as follows:

**Debts of insolvent company to rank equally**

4.181. Debts other than preferential debts rank equally between themselves in
the winding up and, after the preferential debts, shall be paid in full unless
the assets are insufficient for meeting them, in which case they abate in
equal proportions between themselves.

157 Curiously, there is no equivalent provision in our Act or the rules made
under it. The only statutory statement of the _pari passu_ principle that we
have is s 300 of the Companies Act. But that provision applies only to
voluntary winding up. In Singapore, the _pari passu_ principle in insolvent
liquidation is a creature of the common law: _Hitachi Plant Engineering &
Construction Co Ltd and another v Eltraco International Pte Ltd and another
appeal_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 384 at [56] approving _Joo Yee Construction Pte Ltd v
Diethelm Industries Pte Ltd_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 171 at [18].

158 Section 300 traces its history back to s 133(1) of the English 1862 Act
([34] above) which read as follows:

133\. The following Consequences shall ensue upon the voluntary Winding up of
a Company: -

1\. The Property of the Company shall be applied in satisfaction of its
liabilities _pari passu_ , and, subject thereto, shall, unless it be otherwise
provided by the Regulations of the Company, be distributed amongst the Members
according to their Rights and Interests in the Company.

[Italics in original]

159 Section 133(1) enacts an absolute _pari passu_ rule: _all_ property of the
insolvent company is to be applied _pari passu_ in satisfaction of _all_
liabilities of the insolvent company, without exception. That rule can truly
be said to be a paramount rule of distribution. But that is not the _pari
passu_ rule we have today.

160 The _pari passu_ principle today is riven with _de facto_ and express
exceptions, both intrinsic to and extrinsic to the Act. First, only assets
which are the property of the insolvent company go into the distributable pool
for the benefit of creditors. Assets in which a third party, whether a
creditor or not, has a proprietary interest are to that extent not the
insolvent company’s property and do not go into the pool. For example, all of
the following property stands outside the distributable pool: property subject
to a security interest (whether fixed or floating), property subject to an
express or implied trust and property subject to a retention of title clause.
All of these are, in legal terms, property rights and not exceptions to the
_pari passu_ principle. But all of these are, in practical terms, _de facto_
exceptions to the _pari passu_ principle.

161 Second, unlike s 133 of the 1862 Act, the modern content of the _pari
passu_ principle is heavily qualified by statute. First, a liquidator must pay
all preferential claims before applying the _pari passu_ principle to
distribute the insolvent company’s remaining assets in settlement of its
remaining liabilities. Prominent amongst these are, of course, the costs and
expenses of liquidation, the interests of employees and unpaid tax.

162 Once preferential creditors have been paid, it is the liquidator’s duty to
distribute the remaining assets _pari passu_ to unsecured creditors. Even
here, insolvency law creates or recognises further _de facto_ qualifications
to the _pari passu_ principle. Even at this point, not all members of the
general body of unsecured creditors receive a rateable proportion of what is
left.

163 The foremost amongst these exceptions is insolvency set-off. Where
available, insolvency set-off is subject to the mandatory principle, the
retroactivity principle and the hindsight principle: see _Re BCCI_ at 236G;
_Stein v Blake_ [1996] 1 AC 243 at 253-255. All of these features mean that
insolvency set-off is the functional equivalent of security. It not only
permits but – because it is mandatory and self-executing – _requires_ a
creditor with a right of set-off to retain for his exclusive benefit the full
value of his debt to the insolvent company. Although an unsecured creditor in
the strict legal sense, the creditor with a right of set-off receives a better
than rateable distribution of the insolvent company’s assets, just as a
secured creditor would. Insolvency set-off is yet a further departure from the
_pari passu_ principle.

164 In addition to statutory departures from the _pari passu_ principle, it is
also possible for the Court to sanction a departure from the _pari passu_
principle. In _Re BCCI_ Nicholls V-C and the Court of Appeal held that a
liquidator can depart from the _pari passu_ distribution scheme – and the
Court can approve that departure – if it is merely ancillary to the
liquidator’s exercise of any of the powers which are exercisable with the
sanction of the Court under the English equivalent of ss 272(1)(b), 272(1)(c)
or 272(1)(d) of our Act.

165 Finally, there are express exceptions to the _pari passu_ principle in
statutes other than the Companies Act. Some examples include priority schemes
for depositors of insolvent banks and finance companies (s 62 of the Banking
Act (Cap 19, 2008 Rev Ed) and s 44A of the Finance Companies Act (Cap 108,
2011 Rev Ed)), priority of specified liabilities of insolvent insurers (s 49FR
of the Insurance Act (Cap 142, 2002 Rev Ed)), and statutory derogations from
the _pari passu_ principle in order to uphold the finality of certain
transactions (Parts II and III of the Payment and Settlement Systems (Finality
and Netting) Act (Cap 231, 2003 Rev Ed); Division 4 of Part III of the
Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev Ed)).

166 All of this shows that the distribution of assets in any mature insolvency
scheme is now fundamentally based on policy. Once the absolute _pari passu_
principle is qualified, there is no longer a principled basis on which to
determine which qualifications are legitimate and which are not. Each
qualification represents a pure policy decision by that jurisdiction’s legal
system (see _Re HIH_ at [21]). These policy considerations will naturally
differ from nation to nation. One jurisdiction may consider bribery such a
scourge that it recognises a proprietary claim to the bribe or its traceable
proceeds vested in the principal, one result of which is to accord the
principal of an insolvent bribe-taker _de facto_ priority over the bribe-
taker’s preferential and unsecured creditors: see _Sumitomo Bank Ltd v Thahir
Kartika Ratna_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 638. Another may consider it undesirable as a
matter of policy to do so: _Lister & Co v Stubbs_ (1890) 45 Ch D 1; _FHR
European Ventures LLP v Mankarious_ [2013] EWCA Civ 17. All of these choices
rest on policy, not principle.

167 I therefore do not consider it correct today – if it ever was – to
describe the _pari passu_ principle as the fundamental or default policy of
insolvency distribution underlying our statutory insolvency scheme. Indeed, it
can be said with justification that a principal purpose of any mature
insolvency scheme is precisely to delineate _departures_ from the _pari passu_
principle on policy grounds.

Section 377(3)(c) and the pari passu principle

168 So it is not to the point to argue against s 377(3)(c) or in favour of the
ancillary liquidation doctrine by saying that the former is a departure from
the fundamental _pari passu_ scheme of distribution in insolvency or that the
latter advances it, as the Singapore Liquidators do.[note: 24] The departure
from the _pari passu_ principle in s 377(3)(c) of the Act in the winding up of
a foreign company is no different from the other departures from the _pari
passu_ principle which operate in any liquidation – whether those departures
arise under the Act, at common law or under other statutes. In all cases, pure
policy is at work.

169 Although it is not for me to defend the legislature but simply to apply
its enactments, it seems to me that the policy underlying s 377(3)(c) is an
entirely valid policy decision for our legislature to have taken. A foreign
company which a Singapore court will wind up will almost certainly have assets
in Singapore and liabilities in Singapore. Those assets and those liabilities
are almost certain to be causally connected. That causal connection will be
especially strong if the foreign company had a place of business in Singapore
or carried on business in Singapore: it is almost certain that that foreign
company’s assets in Singapore would not exist without it incurring those
liabilities, whether to employees, trade creditors or others connected to its
Singapore business or place of business. It is entirely legitimate to say that
those assets should first be applied against those liabilities to the
exclusion of other liabilities.

170 As the then CJ Chan Sek Keong said writing extra-judicially in “Cross-
Border Insolvency Issues Affecting Singapore” (2011) 23 SAcLJ 413 at para 15:
“Territorialism had, and still has, a lot of advantages for local creditors
individually in practical terms. It may amount to a preference, but it may be
justified in that local creditors’ claims have also contributed to the assets
of the insolvent company”. By local creditors, of course, is meant creditors
whose debts arose locally.

171 Further, it is not arbitrary for a foreign company which does not have a
place of business or which does not carry on business in Singapore to come
subject to s 377. The solution lies in the common law discretion either to
make the winding up order in the first place or under the ancillary
liquidation doctrine to disapply s 377(3)(c) of the Act in an appropriate
case, so far as is consistent with justice and Singapore public policy.
Indeed, it is restricting ring-fencing to foreign companies which register
under s 368 which is arbitrary and unprincipled. The policy imperatives which
led the legislature to enact s 377(3)(c) do not turn on whether the foreign
company has or has not complied with section 368.

172 Conceptually, it is no counter argument to ring-fencing to say simply that
ring-fencing is regressive because it undermines _pari passu_ distribution. As
I have shown at [155] to [167], the entire insolvency distribution scheme can
be said to be designed to undermine _pari passu_ distribution. Further, even
the most ardent universalist – or modified universalist – accepts that it is
entirely valid and appropriate for the ancillary liquidation doctrine to ring-
fence local recoveries to discharge both the costs of the local liquidation
and other local preferential debts. And universalists also accept that once
the proceeds of the ancillary liquidation are transmitted to the principal
liquidation, those recoveries should be ring-fenced in the principal
jurisdiction to discharge the preferential creditors under the law of the
principal liquidation. One can scarcely envisage a greater departure from the
_pari passu_ principle. And it does not address the point of principle to
dismiss these preferential distributions as _de minimis_.

173 The obligation of a liquidator of a Singapore company to discharge
Singapore preferential debts is now embedded in section 377(7) read with
section 377(3)(c) and section 328 of our Act. But there is no magic in being a
preferential creditor: the debt owed to a preferential creditor is nothing
more than an unsecured debt. The words “ _other_ unsecured debts” in the
introductory words to section 328 make this clear. The only difference between
the body of preferential creditors and the general body of unsecured creditors
is that insolvency law has conferred priority on the former but not the
latter.

174 So why do universalists argue that ring-fencing local assets for locally-
incurred debts is a regressive and parochial departure from the _pari passu_
principle while accepting without question that ring-fencing local assets for
local preferential debts is a valid departure from the _pari passu_ principle?
Surely the answer cannot be as simple as saying that only those exceptions
which are shoe-horned into section 328 and which therefore bear the label
“preferential debts” are valid departures from _pari passu_ distribution while
all others are unprincipled, parochial and regressive. If that were the case,
the legislature could quite easily absolve the ring-fencing in section
377(3)(c) of all criticism by the simple expedient of transposing it into
section 328. But that would be to elevate form over substance.

175 The transmission order which the Singapore Liquidators seek amounts in
substance to a request that they be permitted to disregard s 377(3)(c) in the
liquidation of Beluga Chartering. There is no warrant for me to permit them to
do that in the statutory insolvency scheme under the Act. The only remaining
question, therefore, is whether there is any common law principle which
enables me to disapply the Singapore Liquidators’ obligation under s 377(3)(c)
in the liquidation of a foreign company.

176 I therefore turn now to analyse three seminal cases which contain the
answer to that question. They are, in the order in which I shall analyse them,
_Re BCCI, Re HIH_ and _RBG._

Three cases

Re BCCI – Nicholls V-C’s order

177 Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA (“BCCI”) was a company
incorporated in Luxembourg. But it transacted most of its business in the
United Kingdom. In 1992, BCCI went into liquidation in Luxembourg. A few days
later, Sir Nicolas Browne-Wilkinson V-C made a winding up order in England
placing BCCI in liquidation. The English liquidators as well as the
liquidators of the various BCCI entities in other jurisdictions entered into a
contribution agreement and a pooling agreement. Their goal was the
universalist’s goal: to create a central, trans-jurisdictional pool of assets
to receive the net proceeds of realisations and recoveries from each
liquidation and out of which the creditors in each group company’s liquidation
would receive as far as possible the same level of dividend. Once realisations
and recoveries reached the central pool, the distribution to unsecured
creditors would, in the words of Sir Richard Scott V-C, “be the responsibility
of the Luxembourg liquidators acting in accordance with Luxembourg law and
under the supervision of the Luxembourg court”.

178 The liquidators in each jurisdiction sought approval for the contribution
and pooling agreements from the supervising court in each jurisdiction. The
English liquidators’ application came before Sir Donald Nicholls V-C. He
approved the agreements by an order dated 12 June 1992 (“the Transmission
Order”).

Re BCCI – Scott V-C’s order

179 By July 1996, the Courts of each relevant jurisdiction had approved the
contribution and pooling agreements with necessary modifications and all
avenues of appeal had been exhausted. The English liquidators had the benefit
of Nicholls V-C’s Transmission Order permitting them – without further order –
to transmit the English proceeds to the Luxembourg liquidators for them to
declare and pay a first dividend in the Luxembourg liquidation. But the
English liquidators felt that certain matters required resolution before they
could act on the Transmission Order.

180 One of those matters was how to deal with the issue of creditors who had
proved in the English liquidation but who had the benefit of insolvency set-
off against BCCI under English law. These creditors would suffer real
prejudice if the English liquidators transmitted the English proceeds to
Luxembourg under Nicholls V-C’s Transmission Order instead of distributing the
English proceeds under and in accordance with English insolvency law. This is
because their rights of set-off under Luxembourg insolvency law were
considerably narrower than their rights of set off under the Rule 4.90 of the
English Insolvency Rules 1986.

181 The English liquidators therefore applied for further directions. The
application came before Sir Richard Scott V-C. He summarised the issue thus
(at 223H): “The main issue for decision is whether or to what extent this
court can disapply rule 4.90 of the Insolvency Rules 1986 in order to allow
the rules of Luxembourg insolvency regarding set-off to apply.”

182 Scott V-C began his analysis by noting that Browne-Wilkinson V-C when he
made the winding up order, Nicholls V-C when he made the Transmission Order
and the Luxembourg Court all viewed the Luxembourg liquidation as the
principal liquidation and the English liquidation as an ancillary liquidation.
Scott V-C then posed for himself this question at 239A: “whether there are
any, and if so what, limits to the extent to which the English liquidators in
a so-called ‘ancillary’ liquidation can decline to apply provisions of English
insolvency law and procedure in deference to the insolvency law and procedure
of the country in which the principal winding up is taking place.” The manner
in which Scott V-C framed this question is significant: it shows that even
though it was common ground that the English liquidation was an ancillary
liquidation, he nevertheless considered the English liquidators bound by _all_
their obligations under the English statutory insolvency scheme _unless_ he
could find some legal basis to disapply those obligations.

183 In his search for this basis, Scott V-C undertook a survey of the case law
from 1886 to 1989. The case law showed that the English courts have exercised
a power virtually from the time of the first insolvency legislation to
disapply aspects of the English statutory insolvency scheme so as to authorise
English liquidators of a foreign company to play a role ancillary to the
principal liquidators of that foreign company in its home jurisdiction. But
what troubled Scott V-C was that the source of this power could not be found
in any statute or in common law. In the result, he accepted that such a power
had been established “by accretion of judicial decisions” (at 247C), and was
too well-established by the time of his decision in 1996 for a judge at first
instance to declare that power _ultra vires_ (at 247G).

184 Scott V-C thus held that he had the power to disapply the English
liquidators’ statutory obligations so as to permit them to transmit the
English proceeds to the principal liquidators for _pari passu_ distribution to
worldwide creditors. But he rejected the argument that this power was wide
enough to permit him to disapply any aspect of English insolvency law as he
thought fit. He held, therefore, that he had no jurisdiction to disapply a
substantive rule of the English statutory insolvency scheme such as Rule 4.90
of the 1986 Rules.

185 The result was that Scott V-C permitted the English Liquidators to
transmit the English proceeds to Luxembourg. But he required the English
liquidators to retain funds for the claims of those creditors who were
entitled to the benefit of insolvency set-off under English insolvency law.
Scott V-C did not stop there. He also required the English liquidators to
retain funds to meet the claims of a host of other English creditors too.

186 The combined practical result of Nicholls V-C’s order and of Scott V-C’s
order was that the Court ring-fenced the English proceeds to meet: (1) the
costs, charges and expenses of the English liquidation; (2) the claims of
preferential creditors under English law (at 233D); (3) net creditors of BCCI
to full amount of the dividend that they were entitled to receive under
English insolvency set-off (at 251H and 252D); (4) creditors whose proofs of
debt had been or would be admitted by the English liquidators applying English
law but which the Luxembourg liquidators might reject on substantive grounds
(at 250C and 252E); and (5) and the Deposit Protection Board (at 253E).
Indeed, the only real distribution obligation under the English insolvency
scheme which the Court disapplied was the obligation under Rule 4.181 of the
English 1986 Rules to distribute assets _pari passu_ to the general body of
unsecured creditors who had proved in the English liquidation.

187 Two points emerge from _Re BCCI_. First, Both Nicholls V-C and Scott V-C
took as their starting point the duty under English insolvency law of all
English liquidators, by virtue of their appointment and office, to fulfil the
entire suite of obligations imposed on them under the statutory insolvency
scheme, including the obligations to distribute the English proceeds according
to English insolvency law to every creditor, secured or unsecured, who proves
in the English liquidation and whose proofs the English liquidators adjudicate
upon and admit. This entire suite of obligations applies even if the company
being liquidated is a foreign company. Second, even though the English
liquidation was an ancillary liquidation, that characterisation did not in
itself disapply all or any predetermined part of the English statutory
insolvency scheme to the English ancillary liquidation of BCCI.

188 It is therefore wrong to characterise the outcome in _Re BCCI_ as a
victory for universalism let alone an unalloyed victory even for modified
universalism. The result in _Re BCCI_ was in fact and in a real sense
territorial: an English court held that English insolvency law ring-fenced the
English proceeds of an English ancillary liquidation to address the claims and
putative claims of a host of creditors whose substantive rights had accrued
under English pre-insolvency and insolvency law despite possible inconsistency
between English insolvency law and the insolvency law of the principal
liquidation. This was subject only to a very narrow exception which gave the
court the power to direct that any assets remaining after all of these
substantive rights under English law had been addressed to be transmitted to
the principal liquidation. The territorial nature of the outcome in _Re BCCI_
is exposed by asking the question: what would have been transmitted to the
Luxembourg liquidators if the English proceeds had been insufficient to meet
the substantial list of retentions mandated by Nicholls V-C and Scott V-C? The
answer is nothing.

189 The decision in _Re BCCI_ left unaddressed the scope of the power to
disapply aspects of the English statutory insolvency scheme. Was it as narrow
as Scott V-C contended, not extending to substantive rights? Scott V-C relied
on the fact that insolvency set-off arises under Rule 4.90 of the 1986 Rules
and creates substantive rights. But ordinary unsecured creditors also have a
substantive right to receive a rateable dividend out of the English proceeds
under Rule 4.181 of the same Rules. What is the difference?

190 This question was addressed and answered by the House of Lords in the next
case which I analyse: _Re HIH_.

Re HIH – in the English High Court

191 In _Re HIH_ , four related insurance companies incorporated in Australia
carried on business in Australia and in England. In 2001, an Australian Court
made winding up orders and appointed Australian liquidators in respect of all
four companies. At the request of the Australian court, the English High Court
appointed liquidators – technically provisional liquidators, but nothing turns
on the distinction on the facts of _Re HIH_ – for the same four companies on
the grounds that they had assets in England. The order appointing the
liquidators did not empower the English liquidators to make distributions or
to transmit the eventual English proceeds to Australia. The liquidators duly
performed their statutory duties under English insolvency law and collected
substantial English proceeds.

192 In 2005, the Australian court asked the English court to exercise its
power under s 426(4) of the English Insolvency Act 1986 and direct the English
liquidators to transmit the English proceeds to Australia for distribution by
the Australian liquidators, allowing only for the payment of the expenses of
the English liquidations and payment of English preferential creditors.

193 Section 426(4) of the English Insolvency Act 1986 reads as follows:

The courts having jurisdiction in relation to insolvency law in any part of
the United Kingdom shall assist the courts having the corresponding
jurisdiction in . . . any relevant country . . .

Australia is a “relevant country” for the purpose of this section.

194 The scheme for insolvency distribution in Australia gave priority to all
insurance and reinsurance creditors of an insurance company over all other
creditors in respect of recoveries from reinsurance and retrocession. David
Richards J in the English High Court [2006] 2 All ER 671 framed the principal
question before him as follows: “Does the English Court have power to direct
the English liquidator of a foreign company to transfer the assets recovered
by him to the liquidator of the company in its principal liquidation . . .
where the legal regime applicable to the distribution of those assets among
creditors is materially different from the regime which applies in England?”
(at [57]). The material difference in this case – taking English law as it
stood in 2003 – was said to be that English law, under Rule 4.181 of the 1986
Rules, mandated _pari passu_ distribution of the English proceeds of HIH’s
liquidation whereas Australian law did not.

195 Richards J answered the principal question before him in the negative: the
English court had no such power unless the English court could ensure that the
foreign jurisdiction would distribute the English proceeds in accordance with
English law. But there was no means for Richards J in a transmission order to
require the Australian court to apply English law in distributing the English
proceeds. So Richards J refused the Australian liquidators’ application.

196 In my view, Richards J was correct to hold that the obligation to
distribute rateably the English proceeds to the general body of unsecured
creditors under Rule 4.181 of the English Insolvency Rules 1986 is just as
much a substantive provision of the English statutory insolvency scheme as the
rule obliging the English liquidators to apply insolvency set-off under Rule
4.90 of the 1986 Rules. And he was also correct to point out that _Re BCCI_
taken to its natural conclusion meant that both Rule 4.181 and Rule 4.90 had
to be treated equally: either the court had the power to disapply both or it
lacked the power to disapply either. But it is difficult to support his basis
for concluding that he lacked the power to disapply either.

197 The basis of Richard J’s decision was that Australian law departed from
the _pari passu_ principle. He made this finding on the basis that the
Australian insolvency scheme was materially different from the English
insolvency scheme. But this amounts to defining the ideal _pari passu_
distribution by reference only to the English insolvency scheme. This is
unduly parochial and elevates form over substance.

Re HIH – in the English Court of Appeal

198 On appeal, the English Court of Appeal [2007] 1 All ER 177 upheld the
decision of the High Court but for different reasons. The Court of Appeal held
that the English courts _did_ have a power to disapply substantive provisions
of the English statutory insolvency scheme. So the English Court did have the
power to direct English liquidators to transmit assets under their control to
a principal liquidation even if the insolvency scheme of the principal
liquidation distributed assets otherwise than on a _pari passu_ basis. But the
Court of Appeal held that an English court would exercise the power only if
the creditors entitled to prove in the English liquidation or a class of them
were either (at [52]):

(a) not prejudiced by having the English proceeds distributed by the foreign
liquidators under foreign law; or

(b) would enjoy advantages under that foreign law which offset the prejudice
they would suffer.

199 There being prejudice and no such countervailing advantages on the facts
of _Re HIH_ , the Court of Appeal refused the transmission order.

200 The result of the High Court and the Court of Appeal’s decision was to
require the English liquidators to perform the entirety of the remainder of
their suite of statutory duties under English insolvency law by conducting a
separate liquidation and distribution in England of the English proceeds
governed by English insolvency law.

201 The Australian liquidators appealed to the House of Lords.

Re HIH – in the House of Lords

202 The House of Lords unanimously allowed the Australian liquidators’ appeal
and gave directions for transmission.

203 Lord Hoffman allowed the appeal on the basis that the Court had a
discretion to direct transmission _both_ under s 426 _and_ at common law. Lord
Walker agreed with Lord Hoffman. Lord Scott allowed the appeal on the basis
that the Court had a power to direct transmission _only_ under s 426 of the
1986 Act _but not_ at common law. Lord Neuberger agreed with Lord Scott. The
fifth law lord, Lord Philips, relied solely on s 426 in arriving at his
decision and specifically declined to express a view on whether the same
result could have been reached under a discretion at common law (at [44]).

204 Lord Hoffman took as his starting point (at [30]) that “the English Courts
should . . . co-operate with the courts in the country of the principal
liquidation to ensure that all the company's assets are distributed to its
creditors under a single system of distribution”. He held that the English
courts have always had a discretion at common law – quite separate from
section 426 of the English Insolvency Act 1986 – to disapply _any_ obligation
of an English liquidator under the English statutory insolvency scheme in
order to advance this objective. This discretion extends even to disapplying
an obligation which might be characterised as a substantive obligation under
the English statutory insolvency scheme. The discretion cannot sensibly be
confined to cases where the distribution scheme under the foreign insolvency
law coincides in all respects – or even in all _material_ respects – with
English insolvency law. Such a condition would never in practical terms be
satisfied. And the case law shows that the English courts have routinely made
transmission orders without examining whether the scheme of priorities under
the foreign jurisdiction matched the scheme of priorities under English law:
at [21]. All that is required is that the English court takes the view that
there is a foreign jurisdiction more appropriate than England for the purpose
of dealing with all outstanding questions in the insolvency: at [28]. Any
differences between English insolvency law and the foreign insolvency law are
merely factors to be weighed by the Court in exercising the discretion. The
only qualification is that the English court will exercise that discretion
only so far as is consistent with justice and English public policy.

205 Lord Hoffman explained the result in _Re BCCI_ as a correct exercise of
this discretion on the facts. All the classes of debt for which Scott V-C
required the English liquidators to make provision were so closely connected
with England that justice required an English court not to leave it to the
Luxembourg liquidator to make distributions to those creditors in accordance
with Luxembourg law: at [17], [25].

206 Lord Scott, with whom Lord Neuberger concurred, arrived at the same result
but for different reasons. Not surprisingly, Lord Scott reiterated the views
he had expressed 12 years earlier in _Re BCCI_ and based his reasoning solely
on s 426 of the 1986 Act. He posed the questions which he had to decide in
_HIH_ as follows:

(a) Whether the English High Court has the power – under statute or at common
law – to direct the transmission of the English proceeds to Australia; and

(b) If so, whether in the circumstances of this case, that power ought to be
exercised.

207 On these questions, Lord Scott decided that an English court has no power
at common law or under its inherent jurisdiction to permit English liquidators
to disapply an aspect of the English insolvency scheme and to deprive
creditors proving in an English liquidation of their statutory rights under
that scheme. This prevents an English court from directing English liquidators
to transmit English proceeds to a foreign jurisdiction if that foreign
jurisdiction’s scheme of insolvency distribution differs materially from that
under English law. The only power which the English courts had to direct
transmission in these circumstances was the express statutory power under
section 426 of the 1986 Act.

Lord Hoffman’s is the preferred approach

208 The Official Receiver submits that Lord Scott’s approach is to be
preferred over Lord Hoffman’s. The Singapore Liquidators submit that that Lord
Hoffman’s approach is to be preferred over Lord Scott’s. I accept the
Singapore Liquidators’ submission. Lord Hoffman’s approach is conceptually
coherent, historically sound and focuses on substance over form. The
authorities and principles on which it is based have been part of Singapore
law since the 1889 Ordinance.

209 In support of their position, the Singapore Liquidators cite an article by
Gabriel Moss QC entitled “‘Modified Universalism’ and the Quest for the Golden
Thread” (2008) 21(10) Insolvency Intelligence 145. The thesis of that article
is that the fundamental plank in Lord Scott’s approach is mistaken. The
English statutory insolvency scheme is _not_ a complete code governing the
entirety of English insolvency law. Mr Moss points out in his article most
persuasively many examples where insolvency judges have developed and applied
the principles of equity, common law and the conflicts of laws to operate
alongside the statutory insolvency scheme.

210 The ancillary liquidation doctrine is one of those judge-made supplements.
It is an ancient creature of the common law which, in Singapore as in England,
stands outside the insolvency legislation and operates alongside it. The
ancillary liquidation doctrine long predates the statutory insolvency scheme
in the 1948 Act, the English Insolvency Act, the 1961 Act and our 1967 Act. To
this day, the ancillary liquidation doctrine finds no statutory expression in
Part X of our Act. Indeed, there is a strong argument that the ancillary
liquidation doctrine is impliedly contradicted by the many provisions of Part
X which envisage a Singapore liquidation even of a foreign company being the
principal worldwide liquidation. Yet the power to make a transmission order
has been recognised and has been applied by our courts for over 100 years,
well before aspects of the ancillary liquidation doctrine were enacted in
section 377(3)(c) in 1967. And it is beyond the power of a judge at first
instance to declare this common law discretion _ultra vires_.

211 Lord Hoffman’s rationalisation of the source and scope of the ancillary
liquidation doctrine focuses on the true question which an application for a
transmission order in an ancillary liquidation raises: whether “there is a
foreign jurisdiction more appropriate than England for the purpose of dealing
with all outstanding questions in the winding up” (see _Re HIH_ at [28]). This
in turn focuses the inquiry on whether it is right in all the circumstances of
the case for the English court to disapply any one or more aspects of its own
insolvency law, and if so which, why and to what extent. Lord Hoffman’s
approach avoids the impossible task of defining _a priori_ a bright line to
separate those statutory obligations of a liquidator which a Court has the
power to disapply and those which it does not. The dividing line is a matter
of discretion in all the circumstances of each case, bearing in mind the
purpose of the ancillary liquidation doctrine.

212 All the circumstances of the case include the question whether the foreign
insolvency scheme is broadly fair. In weighing this point, the Court, under
Lord Hoffman’s approach, acknowledges that each jurisdiction will have adopted
its own scheme of _de facto_ and _de jure_ priorities in response to its own
history, circumstances and policy imperatives. Lord Hoffman’s approach avoids
the impossible task of defining _a priori_ a bright line separating which
rules of preferential distribution will make a foreign insolvency scheme
broadly fair and which will not. It also avoids the invidious task of
examining the system of preferences under the foreign insolvency law to see if
it measures up to the local supposed ideal.

213 As I have argued at [156] to [167] above, _every_ developed insolvency
scheme – including England’s, Australia’s and Singapore’s – departs from the
_pari passu_ principle. Each jurisdiction pursues its own policy imperatives
and considers its own qualifications to the principle to be reasonable and
legitimate. The result of this process in each jurisdiction is an insolvency
scheme which has embedded within it by statute or by common law a scheme of
_de jure_ and _de facto_ priorities aligned with its own domestic policy
imperatives. As these policy imperatives evolve over time, each jurisdiction’s
scheme of priorities changes. Indeed, England’s own scheme of insolvency
priorities in the winding up of insurance companies changed after the HIH
liquidations began and moved closer to the Australian scheme. These
differences are not a satisfactory conceptual basis on which to extend or
withhold cooperation in cross-border insolvencies.

214 Lord Hoffman’s approach also recognises that the Court can – and indeed
must – in appropriate cases impose safeguards consistent with local justice or
public policy in order to protect the position of any creditors disadvantaged
by disapplying the local statutory scheme. Indeed, both Lord Hoffman and Lord
Scott see a transmission order as more than a binary exercise: the court does
not simply yes or no. So in _Re BCCI_ , Scott-VC and Nicholls V-C in effect
imposed terms to ensure that the transmission order protected the creditors
listed in [186] above. But the conceptual basis which permitted them to impose
the terms was not satisfactorily explained until _Re HIH_.

215 Lord Scott’s explanation in _Re BCCI_ was that the terms were not terms at
all: they were jurisdictional rigidities inherent in the very narrow scope of
the power as he conceived it to disapply provisions of the English statutory
scheme. On his analysis, he simply did not have the jurisdiction to do
anything but protect the rights under English law of the creditors listed at
[186] above. Lord Hoffman’s approach explains far better why those creditors
ought to have been and were in fact protected by the transmission order made
in _Re BCCI_. He explains the protection as an undoubtedly correct exercise of
a discretion: undoubtedly correct because the close connection between English
law and every single class of debt listed at [186] above meant that it would
not have been consistent with justice or with UK public policy to have a
Luxembourg liquidator deal with those classes of debts under Luxembourg law.

216 In my view, a broad discretion is a far more conceptually satisfactory
basis on which to rest the Court’s power to impose terms on a transmission
order. For example, any creditor from anywhere in the world may prove in an
English (or indeed Singapore) ancillary liquidation of a foreign company. Any
such creditor can claim the benefit of substantive rights under English
insolvency law. This could include the substantial benefit of _de facto_
security offered by insolvency set-off. He can do this even if the mutual
credits and mutual debits underlying his proof have nothing whatsoever to do
with the insolvent foreign company’s English business or assets, with the
English proceeds of the liquidation, with English law or with England at all.
On Scott V-C’s analysis, every such creditor has substantive rights under
English law. By that fact alone, every such creditor is entitled to have those
substantive rights protected in a transmission order no matter how tenuous or
non-existent the link to England or English law. That merely serves to
encourage forum-shopping in insolvency. Forum-shopping is just as undesirable
in international liquidation as it is in international litigation. On the
other hand, on Lord Hoffman’s analysis, the court will ring-fence assets in a
transmission order for a creditor who asserts English-law insolvency set-off
only if the mutual debts and mutual credits are so closely connected with
England, as they were in _Re BCCI_ , that it is consistent with justice in
_that_ insolvency to protect _those_ creditors’ rights. Under Lord Hoffman’s
approach, the forum-shopping creditor has no right to have English assets
ring-fenced: he must establish a valid basis for it.

217 It may be that in the ordinary case, an ancillary insolvency court will
readily exercise its discretion under the ancillary liquidation doctrine to
make a transmission order. But that should not divert us from appreciating the
significance of what the Court is doing in each such case. The Court is
_applying_ the ancillary liquidation doctrine and _disapplying_ one or more
aspects of the local insolvency regime. And it does so on the basis that, in
respect of the provisions disapplied, the principal liquidation is more
appropriate than the ancillary liquidation for the purpose of dealing with
those outstanding questions in the insolvency and it is consistent with
justice and local public policy to do so. Transmission is not a matter of
course, even if all parties are agreed that the domestic liquidation is
correctly characterised as ancillary.

218 I conclude my analysis of _Re HIH_ by pointing out that Lord Neuberger,
writing extra-judicially, appears to have wavered in his support for Lord
Scott’s views: see Lord Neuberger, “The International Dimension of Insolvency”
(2010) 23(3) Insolvency Intelligence 42. While it would be wrong to read this
article as Lord Neuberger acknowledging an outright conversion to Lord
Hoffman’s point of view, it is I think fair to say that the current weight of
English judicial opinion is with Lord Hoffman.

219 What does all of this mean for Singapore law? For the reasons given above,
I hold that the Singapore courts too have a discretionary power at common law
in an ancillary liquidation to disapply aspects of Singapore’s statutory
insolvency scheme and to direct Singapore liquidators to transmit the
Singapore proceeds of a Singapore liquidation to the principal liquidation for
distribution so long as doing so is consistent with justice and Singapore
public policy.

220 In Singapore, there is an additional factor which supports my view. There
is no equivalent in the English legislation which the House of Lords
considered in _Re HIH_ of s 377(3) in Division 2 of Part XI of our Act. That
section operates as a statutory acknowledgment and approval of the ancillary
liquidation doctrine in the insolvency of foreign companies in Singapore.
Section 377(3)’s relatively recent origin in the ancestry of our statutory
insolvency scheme and its place not in Part X of the Act but in Part XI
indicates that it was the legislature’s intent not to disturb the statutory
insolvency scheme in Part X and not to disturb the conceptual basis underlying
it. The rules in s 377(3) are added by way of a supplement or overlay to that
scheme.

221 Further, s 377(3) enacts only certain _aspects_ of the ancillary
liquidation doctrine. Further, it enacts in s 377(3)(c) ring-fencing, which is
no aspect of the ancillary liquidation doctrine. That indicates to me that in
1967, our legislature was aware of the ancillary liquidation doctrine as it
had developed at common law but did not wish to attempt to codify it. Instead,
it adopted the 1961 Act’s statement of certain aspects of the doctrine in Part
XI. It further added ring-fencing to section 377(3)(c). But that does not
operate to exclude the ancillary liquidation doctrine. The ancillary
liquidation doctrine continues to exist and develop to this day at common law
in parallel with Part X and subject to s 377(3) of the Act.

222 The decision of Woo Bih Li J in _RBG_ is the only modern Singapore
insolvency authority which turned directly on the application of the ancillary
liquidation doctrine. I have differed from certain of his conclusions in that
case. So I now analyse that case in some detail and explain why.

RBG

223 RBG Resources plc was an English company. In 2002, the English court
appointed liquidators in England over it. A few months later, on the petition
of the English liquidators, the Singapore court appointed liquidators in
Singapore.

224 RBG at no time registered in Singapore under s 368 of the Act. But RBG had
substantial assets in Singapore. By 2005, the Singapore liquidators held a
fund of about US$10.5m. In March 2005, the Singapore liquidators applied to
Woo Bih Li J for directions authorising them to transmit this fund to the
English liquidators subject only to retaining sufficient funds to cover the
costs of the Singapore liquidation. RBG had no preferential creditors under s
328 of the Act, so it was not necessary for the Singapore liquidators to seek
– or for the Court to consider making – any provision in that regard.

225 RBG owed Credit Lyonnais US$8.6m. Credit Lyonnais opposed RBG’s Singapore
liquidators’ application. After they filed their application, Credit Lyonnais
submitted a proof of its debt to the Singapore liquidators, as it was entitled
to do. The proof was rejected. Credit Lyonnais then cross-applied for orders
directing the Singapore liquidators to: (i) admit Credit Lyonnais’ proof; and
(ii) to pay Credit Lyonnais in full out of the Singapore proceeds before
transmitting the balance to the English liquidators. Credit Lyonnais argued
that the ring-fencing provisions of s 377(3)(c) of the Act applied either
directly or indirectly to RBG. So as to isolate a question of law, it was
assumed for the purposes of Credit Lyonnais’ application that RBG was in fact
carrying on business in Singapore.

226 Woo Bih Li J allowed the Singapore liquidators’ application and dismissed
Credit Lyonnais’ application. He held that s 377(3)(c) did not apply directly
or indirectly to RBG. It could not apply directly because it was conceded
without argument that Part XI of the Act, in which s 377(3)(c) is located,
applied _only_ to foreign companies registered under s 368 of the Act (see
_RBG_ at [25]). Further, he held that s 350(2) did not permit s 377(3)(c) to
apply in the winding up of a foreign company not registered under s 368. This
was because the word “companies” in s 350(2) meant _Singapore_ companies on
both occasions (see _RBG_ at [33]-[37] and [105]-[115] above). Finally, Woo J
held that even if s 377(3)(c) could apply to RBG, Credit Lyonnais’ debts were
not “liabilities incurred in Singapore” by RBG within the meaning of s
377(3)(c).

227 Woo J found that in light of the closely-connected origins and history and
the continuing similarities between English and Singapore company law, the
ancillary liquidation doctrine was a part of Singapore’s insolvency law. He
was fortified in this conclusion by s 377(3)(c) which implicitly acknowledged
the common law doctrine (see _RBG_ at [39]). He held that the Court had no
jurisdiction to disapply the ancillary liquidation doctrine encapsulated in
the first three principles in _BCCI_ (see [29] above) in a case to which s
377(3)(c) did not apply directly and where the debt was not incurred in
Singapore (see _RBG_ at [55]-[58]).

228 Finally, Woo J opined that even if such a jurisdiction existed, the court
should not exercise its discretion in favour of Credit Lyonnais. It could not
be right for creditors of RBG to be accorded priority simply because they
chose to prove their debts in Singapore, regardless of whether or not their
debt was _incurred_ in Singapore (see _RBG_ at [60]). On the facts, there were
insufficient factors to warrant ring-fencing of the Singapore proceeds in
favour of Credit Lyonnais.

229 Woo J’s decision to refuse the orders sought by Credit Lyonnais and grant
the order sought by RBG’s liquidators is, with respect, undoubtedly correct on
the facts of that case. But for the reasons I have given in this judgment, I
have arrived at a different conclusion on certain points which Woo J
considered in arriving at his decision.

230 The first point on which I have come to a different conclusion is that
section 377 cannot apply directly to a company which is not registered under s
365. Because of a concession by counsel (at [25]), Woo J held that Division 2
of Part XI applied _only_ to companies which are registered under s 368 (see
_RBG_ at [15] and [25]). However, s 365 does not in terms provide that
Division 2 of Part XI applies _only_ to companies which register under s 368
of the Act (see [119]-[148] above). Section 377(3)(c), therefore, could apply
directly to RBG, even though it was not registered under s 368 of the Act.

231 I have also arrived at a different conclusion, with diffidence, on whether
the word “companies” as used in s 350(2) refers only to Singapore companies.
My view is that the word as used there is wide enough to encompass foreign
companies (see [105]-[115] above). In any case, the first limb of s 350(2) –
which is the only limb which can apply to s 377(3)(c) – operates only
_negatively_ to provide that Division 5 of Part X and _does not preclude_
provisions within its scope from applying to a liquidation under Division 5
(see [116]-[117] above). So finding that s 377(3)(c) falls outside the scope
of the phrase “any provisions contained in this . . . written law” in s 350(2)
does not necessarily lead to a conclusion that s 350(2) precludes the
operation of s 377(3)(c) in a liquidation under Division 5.

232 I also differ, with diffidence, with Woo J on his holding that the Court
has no jurisdiction to disapply the ancillary liquidation doctrine where s
377(3)(c) does not apply directly, and where the debt in question is not
incurred in Singapore. There are two unarticulated grounds which underpin the
reasoning on this point. The first is that the ancillary liquidation doctrine
applies in the winding up of every foreign company unless it is disapplied by
the Court. The second is that the source of a jurisdiction to “disapply” the
ancillary liquidation doctrine can only be statutory. On both these points, I
have reached a different conclusion.

233 In my view, it is not the position that the ancillary liquidation doctrine
applies to the liquidation of a foreign company unless that doctrine is
disapplied by the Court. The position is that even in the liquidation of a
foreign company, it is the statutory insolvency scheme mandated by Division 5
of Part X which applies unless the court disapplies an aspect of that scheme
in the exercise of its discretion at common law pursuant to the ancillary
liquidation doctrine.

234 The discretion to disapply a provision of the statutory insolvency scheme
– and indeed the entire ancillary liquidation doctrine which gives rise to
that discretion – is not statutory. It is a creature of insolvency judges, not
of insolvency legislators. The origin, the shape and contours, the statement
of the principle and its qualifications arise from the common law not from
statute. Neither Part X nor its legislative ancestors sets out the ancillary
liquidation doctrine’s fundamental tenet: that the Court has the power to
direct a locally-appointed liquidator of a foreign company to pay the proceeds
of the local liquidation to the principal liquidator. Nor does Part X or its
ancestors set out the qualification to this fundamental tenet which even the
most ardent universalist accepts as part of the ancillary liquidation
doctrine: even where the Court makes a transmission order, local assets ought
to be ring-fenced to pay the costs of the local liquidation and other local
preferential creditors. These aspects of the ancillary liquidation doctrine
have all been worked out – expressly or _sub silentio_ – in the authorities.
These authorities have culminated in Lord Hoffman’s analysis in _Re HIH_. And
in Singapore, these two fundamental tenets have been enacted in s 377(3)(c)
together with the ring-fencing of Singapore assets to pay Singapore debts.

235 What difference then does the existence of s 377(3)(c) of the Act make to
this analysis? The existence of s 377(3)(c) in Part XI of the Act does not
exclude or control the operation of the ancillary liquidation doctrine. It
arguably goes too far to say, as Woo J said, that “[a]ny qualification of the
first three propositions [of Scott V-C in _BCCI_] must be by legislation
unless the first three propositions no longer apply in the first place” (see
_RBG_ at [57]). The ancillary liquidation doctrine was part of Singapore law
before s 377(3)(c) was enacted in 1967 and even before its precursor was
enacted in Victoria in 1961. The legislature knew of the doctrine but chose to
enact aspects of it rather than to codify it. Section 377 was not intended to
and does not act to freeze the development of the ancillary liquidation
doctrine. The content of and qualifications to that doctrine continued to
exist and evolve in parallel at common law after s 377(3)(c)’s enactment. So
the common law discretion to disapply any limb of s 377(3)(c) is not excluded
by the fact alone that the first limb of section 377(3)(c) is expressly
subject to contrary order by the court whereas the second and third limbs are
expressed as absolute obligations (see [94]-[98] above; cf. _RBG_ at [58]). In
the same way, albeit in a different context, Lord Hoffman’s speech in _Re HIH_
has shown us that the ancillary liquidation doctrine was established before
and continued to evolve in parallel in England with s 426 of the English
Insolvency Act 1986. The statutory insolvency scheme does not exclude the
common law doctrine.

236 There is one perhaps procedural difference. Section 377(3)(c) has within
it the obligation for a Singapore liquidator to pay the net proceeds of the
ancillary liquidation to the principal liquidator. To that extent, there may
perhaps not be the need for Singapore liquidators to apply for transmission
orders in the same way as in jurisdictions where the ancillary liquidation
doctrine is purely common law, at least where they intend to give full effect
to the entirety of s 377(3)(c). But even in those cases, where there is any
cause for concern, Singapore liquidators would be well-advised to seek
directions from the Court.

237 I hope it is not too presumptuous of me to say that I do not think Woo J
would have disagreed with my analysis of the law if it had been argued before
him in _RBG_. It is clear from his judgment that the key issue on which his
decision turned was the fact that Credit Lyonnais’ debt was not incurred in
Singapore. My analysis, if applied to the facts in _RBG_ , would not result in
a different outcome.

My decision on the parties’ submissions

238 Having concluded my analysis of the law, I now deal with the parties’
submissions on the law.

239 The ancillary liquidation doctrine is part of Singapore law and has been
from the very inception of our statutory insolvency scheme. This was affirmed
in _RBG_ , and I agree. Singapore courts – like the English courts – have used
the common law to supplement the statutory insolvency scheme for well over a
century. The common law ancillary liquidation doctrine is one such supplement.
The common legislative history of the Singapore and the English statutory
insolvency schemes makes the English decisions in _Re BCCI_ and _Re HIH_ of
high authority and assistance in Singapore in determining the scope and
content of the ancillary liquidation doctrine in Singapore law.

240 I accept the submission of counsel for the Singapore Liquidators that the
Singapore liquidation of Beluga Chartering is an ancillary liquidation. I also
accept that it is _prima facie_ fair and equitable for the assets of Beluga
Chartering worldwide to be pooled in the principal liquidation in Germany and
administered by the German Liquidator for the benefit of the general body of
Beluga Chartering’s unsecured creditors worldwide.

241 I cannot accept the Official Receiver’s submission that the Singapore
Liquidators have no procedural basis in our statutory insolvency scheme to
seek a transmission order from the court. The transmission order is the
primary instrument by which the aspirations of the ancillary liquidation
doctrine are given effect to. The procedural basis in Singapore insolvency law
for the Court to make a transmission order is an application for directions
from the court pursuant to s 273(3) of the Act.[note: 25] That was the basis
on which the liquidators in _Re BCCI_ and _RBG_ sought transmission orders.
That is the basis on which the Singapore Liquidators now apply to me. Section
273(3) is not confined, as the Official Receiver submits, to enabling a
liquidator to ask the court to clarify the scope and exercise of _existing
statutory_ powers of the liquidators.[note: 26] The words of s 273(3) are
wide. They have, rightly and regularly, been interpreted to cover a
transmission order pursuant to the ancillary liquidation doctrine.

242 I cannot accept the Official Receiver’s submission that the court has no
power to authorise the Singapore Liquidators to transmit the Singapore
Proceeds to a foreign liquidator. Under statute, if the ring-fencing limb of s
377(3)(c) applies, then so does the limb obliging the liquidator to transmit
the net Singapore proceeds to the principal liquidator. At common law, _RBG_
accepted the Court’s power to make a transmission order as part of Singapore
law. This can be seen as part of the broader discretion recognised by Lord
Hoffman in _Re HIH_. This discretionary power exists alongside the statutory
insolvency scheme.

243 It is inapt to speak of the Singapore Liquidators as having a _power_
under Part X of the Act to transmit the Singapore proceeds to the principal
liquidation. Under statute, they do not have a _power_ but a statutory
_obligation_ to do so. That obligation arises not under Part X but under s
377(3)(c). It is subject to the qualifications set out in that section. It is
also subject to the common law discretion to disapply it. Apart from s
377(3)(c), a liquidator has neither a power nor an obligation to transmit
assets. A transmission order at common law involves disapplying statutory
obligations to the liquidator. Only a court may do that.

244 For this reason, I reject the Singapore Liquidators’ submission[note: 27]
that even if s 377(3)(c) does not apply, a liquidator’s power under s
272(2)(j) of the Act to “do all such other things as are necessary for winding
up the affairs of the company and distributing its assets” read with s 350(2)
of the Act permits a liquidator of a foreign company to disregard his
statutory obligations under Singapore’s statutory insolvency scheme and
unilaterally transmit assets to a foreign liquidator. “Distributing its
assets” in s 272(2)(j) clearly refers to distribution under and in accordance
with the statutory scheme under the Act. Apart from s 377(3)(c), there is no
part of Singapore’s statutory insolvency scheme which enacts or envisages the
ancillary liquidation doctrine and permits a liquidator to act unilaterally.

245 I cannot accept the submission of counsel for the Singapore Liquidators
that there is no reason why the general body of unsecured creditors of Beluga
Chartering in Singapore should have priority over all other unsecured
creditors of Beluga Chartering in all other countries simply because Beluga
Chartering happens to have assets in Singapore. There _is_ a reason: s
377(3)(c). Singapore-incurred debts are entitled to the priority that that
section confers unless the Court exercises its discretion under the ancillary
liquidation doctrine to disapply the Singapore Liquidators’ obligation to
comply with that section.

246 I also cannot accept the submission that the Singapore Subsidiaries will
suffer no prejudice if the Singapore Proceeds are transmitted to the German
Liquidation. I accept that the Singapore subsidiaries will be treated equally
with the general body of Beluga Chartering’s unsecured creditors regardless of
nationality under the InsO. But permitting the Singapore Liquidators to
transmit the Singapore Proceeds to the German Liquidator without complying
with their obligation under s 377(3)(c) to pay the Singapore Subsidiaries in
priority out of the Singapore Proceeds causes obvious prejudice to the
Singapore Subsidiaries. They will receive little or nothing in the principal
liquidation.

247 I cannot accept the Official Receiver’s suggestion that even if the court
finds that the common law doctrine of ancillary liquidation applies in
Singapore, it should be slow to authorise the Singapore Liquidators to
transmit the Singapore Proceeds to the German Liquidator. First, the
transmission provisions of s 377(3)(c) operate unless disapplied by the Court.
Second, in cases where s 377(3)(c) does not apply, the Singapore court will
not be slow to exercise the common law discretion recognised by Lord Hoffman
in _Re HIH_. It will do so readily in order to advance the ancillary
liquidation doctrine so far as is consistent with justice and Singapore public
policy.

248 I disagree with the Official Receiver that – assuming s 377(3)(c) does not
apply – it is open to the court to require the Singapore Liquidators as a term
of the transmission order to pay all debts incurred in Singapore out of the
Singapore Proceeds before transmitting the Singapore assets to the German
Liquidator. It is true that the common law discretion recognised by Lord
Hoffman in _Re HIH_ allows the ancillary court to make a transmission order
subject to safeguards to ensure that the transmission is consistent with
justice and the ancillary jurisdiction's public policy. But those safeguards
are defensive in nature. They enable the ancillary court only to decline to
disapply certain obligations of the ancillary liquidators under its domestic
insolvency law. When the ancillary court takes that course, it preserves the
affected creditors’ substantive rights under the ancillary jurisdiction’s
insolvency law notwithstanding the transmission. But an ancillary court
cannot, under the guise of imposing safeguards in a transmission order,
_create_ new substantive rights where none previously existed under the
ancillary jurisdiction’s insolvency law. In other words, if s 377(3)(c) did
not apply, I would go far beyond the permissible limits of any discretion
which I have to _create_ ring-fencing rights as a term of a transmission
order.

249 The effective question which now remains for me is whether I should
exercise the common law discretion available to me to disapply the ring-
fencing provisions of s 377(3)(c). That requires me to analyse the factual
background including the relationship between the Singapore Subsidiaries and
Beluga Chartering, how deugro Singapore came to be a debtor as well as a
creditor of Beluga Chartering and how the Singapore Subsidiaries came to be
placed in liquidation. It is to that factual background that I now turn.

Factual background

Beluga Chartering

250 Beluga Chartering was, until its insolvency, the ship chartering[note: 28]
arm of the Beluga Group of companies. The ultimate holding company of the
Beluga Group is Beluga Group GmbH (“Beluga Group”).[note: 29]

251 In 2002, Beluga Chartering incorporated Beluga Singapore as a wholly-owned
subsidiary with a paid-up capital of S$2. In 2009, Beluga Chartering
incorporated Beluga Asia as a wholly-owned subsidiary with a paid-up capital
of S$100,000.[note: 30] Beluga Chartering provided the initial paid-up capital
of S$100,000 for Beluga Asia.[note: 31] It no doubt also provided the initial
S$2 paid-up capital for Beluga Singapore.

252 Namir Ahmed Khanbabi was the Managing Director of Beluga Singapore and the
senior manager of Beluga Asia.[note: 32] Mr Marc Olivier Willim was a director
of both Beluga Singapore and Beluga Asia. On 13 July 2011, the German
Liquidator removed Mr Willim from both positions.

Relationship between Beluga Chartering and Singapore Subsidiaries

253 Beluga Singapore was Beluga Chartering’s exclusive mercantile agent for
Southeast Asia and Western Australia. Its business included: (1) marketing and
selling space on Beluga Chartering's ships, (2) negotiating rates on behalf of
Beluga Chartering, (3) receiving on behalf of Beluga Chartering bookings of
cargo space, (4) business development and (5) executing and entering into
contracts on behalf of Beluga Chartering.[note: 33]

254 Beluga Asia was Beluga Chartering’s exclusive shipping agent in Singapore.
It handled the following matters for the Beluga fleet of ships: (1) the
husbandry of the fleet, (2) managing the operations of the fleet in Asia
Pacific and (3) providing port agency services for the fleet in Singapore.

255 There was no management or consultancy agreement between Beluga Chartering
and the Singapore Subsidiaries delineating their scope of services, the basis
of charging for those services or the nature of the exclusivity.[note: 34] As
Mr Khanbabi put it, the Singapore Subsidiaries “relied solely on their
shareholders . . . for income and funding”.[note: 35] Thus, Beluga Chartering
bore all of the operational costs and expenses of the Singapore Subsidiaries
from the time they were incorporated. It did this either by making direct
payment to the Singapore Subsidiaries’ suppliers in Singapore or by making
monthly advances or reimbursements to the relevant Singapore Subsidiary.[note:
36] Beluga Chartering did not capitalise these payments in the accounts of
either of the Singapore Subsidiaries; nor did it treat these payments as loans
due to Beluga Chartering from either of the Singapore Subsidiaries.[note: 37]

256 Thus, for example, the Singapore Subsidiaries invoiced Beluga Chartering
for, and Beluga Chartering reimbursed them for, fitting out expenses for new
office premises,[note: 38] start-up financing fees,[note: 39] estimated
expenses for Beluga ships docking in Singapore[note: 40] and monthly
management fees ranging from S$50,000 to S$150,000 per month.[note: 41] These
monthly management fees covered salaries for the employees of the Singapore
Subsidiaries, rental, trade creditors and other ongoing business
expenses.[note: 42]

Beluga Chartering goes into insolvency

257 On 4 March 2011, Mr Khanbabi on behalf of Beluga Singapore made one of the
Singapore Subsidiaries’ monthly email requests to Beluga Chartering for a
remittance with supporting documentation. He followed this request with
several phone calls.

258 By 14 March 2011, if not earlier, it appears that both Singapore
Subsidiaries had cause for concern that Beluga Chartering may be in financial
distress.[note: 43] Mr Khanbabi then emailed Beluga Group, conveying the
Singapore employees’ concern whether they would get paid their salaries and be
able to meet their own financial commitments that month.

259 Beluga Group’s response was from a Mr Roger Iliffe, who emailed Mr
Khanbabi on the same day saying that he appreciated the staff’s nervousness
and that Beluga Group should be able issue a communication to staff the next
morning.

260 On 16 March 2011, Beluga Group issued a press release recording that it
had petitioned to open insolvency proceedings before the Bremen Court because
of accounting irregularities.[note: 44]

261 On the same day, in an apparent attempt to reassure its employees, Beluga
Group disseminated that press release internally as an attachment to a mass
email. The English version of the mass email sought to reassure employees and
expressly asked them not to leave their place of work during office hours
unless on vacation leave.

262 Thus it was that, on 16 March 2011, upon the application of Mr Iliffe,
amongst others, the Bremen Court appointed Mr Edgar Grönda as Beluga
Chartering’s temporary Insolvency Administrator “in order to secure Beluga
Chartering’s assets and protect [its] creditors”.

Mr Khanbabi’s concern about the Singapore Subsidiaries

263 Mr Khanbabi was aware that without support from Beluga Chartering as
shareholder, the Singapore Subsidiaries were not going concerns, had no source
of income and were insolvent. As a result he was concerned about his fiduciary
duties to the Singapore Subsidiaries.

264 Mr Khanbabi therefore emailed Mr Iliffe, amongst others, at Beluga Group
on 17 March 2011: (1) drawing Beluga Group’s attention to his fiduciary
duties; (2) pointing out that without support from Group, both Singapore
Subsidiaries were insolvent; and (3) and asking for a clear direction from
Group whether he should take steps to terminate employees and wind down the
Singapore Subsidiaries’ business.[note: 45]

265 Mr Iliffe responded on the same day, 17 March 2011, telling Mr Khanbabi
that his email of 17 March 2011 would be passed on to the German Liquidator.

266 On 23 March 2011, Mr Iliffe on behalf of Beluga Group sent two standard
form letters to Mr Khanbabi: one addressed him in his capacity as Managing
Director of Beluga Singapore and the other in his capacity as senior manager
of Beluga Asia. The two emails told Mr Khanbabi that no further funds would be
forthcoming from Beluga Chartering and told Mr Khanbabi to “take appropriate
action in accordance with your local laws in your capacity as [the senior
Beluga manager in Singapore / Managing Director].”

267 With no additional funds forthcoming from Beluga Chartering, the Singapore
Subsidiaries were insolvent: they were starved of funds, had no business,
ceased to be a going concern, had no income and were unable to pay their
respective debts.[note: 46] They became immediately unable to pay salaries to
their employees or to meet their other expenses.[note: 47]

268 On 31 March 2011, the Singapore Subsidiaries told their employees that
they were compelled to shut down business due to lack of funds. They
terminated the employees’ contracts of employment as at 31 March 2011[note:
48] without giving the requisite contractual notice.[note: 49] They told the
employees of the Singapore Subsidiaries not to expect to be paid their unpaid
salaries. They ceased to pay CPF contributions.[note: 50] They terminated the
employment passes of all foreign employees.

269 On 1 June 2011, the Bremen Court made a finding that Beluga Chartering’s
insolvency continued to subsist[note: 51] and appointed Mr Grönda as the
permanent insolvency administrator[note: 52] of Beluga Chartering.[note: 53]

The deugro Asset

270 One of the vessels in the Beluga fleet which Beluga Chartering time-
chartered was the “MV Beluga Singapore”, owned by Beluga Shipping GmbH & Co KG
MS “Beluga Persuasion” (“Beluga Persuasion”).[note: 54] As at 28 February
2011, Beluga Chartering owed Beluga Persuasion the undisputed debt of
€1,109,200 for the time charter of the MV Beluga Singapore from 1 January 2011
to 28 February 2011.[note: 55]

271 The Beluga group of companies had regular business dealings with the
deugro group of companies[note: 56] including deugro Singapore and deugro
Danmark A/S (“deugro Denmark”), a Danish company.

272 On 11 March 2011, Beluga Chartering issued 3 invoices[note: 57] to deugro
Singapore comprising freight for cargo carried on board the MV Beluga
Singapore from Shanghai to Vavouto in New Caledonia and for stevedoring
charges. The total sum which deugro Singapore was obliged to pay Beluga
Chartering under the three invoices was US$1,259,647.42.[note: 58] This sum
comprises, at least in part, sums due for work done by the Singapore
Subsidiaries for deugro Singapore.[note: 59] This sum of US$1,259,647.42 is
the deugro Asset which forms the subject-matter of this application. It is
Beluga Chartering’s only known asset in Singapore.[note: 60]

The deugro Liability

273 Pursuant to a booking note dated 5 January 2011,[note: 61] Beluga
Chartering undertook an obligation to deugro Denmark to perform five voyages
from Phu My in Vietnam to Rosyth in Scotland. By an email dated 24 March 2011
from Beluga Asia to deugro Denmark, copied to Mr Khanbabi,[note: 62] Beluga
Asia told deugro Denmark that Beluga Chartering was unable to complete its
contractual obligations to deugro Denmark because of the insolvency
proceedings against it. On 30 March 2011, therefore, deugro Denmark invoiced
Beluga Chartering in the sum of €502,600 being the loss deugro Denmark claimed
to have suffered as a result of Beluga Chartering’s failure to perform 4 out
of the 5 voyages pursuant to the 5 January 2011 booking note.[note: 63] I will
refer to this sum of €502,600 which Beluga Chartering owed to deugro Denmark
as “the deugro Liability”.

274 It will immediately be appreciated that the deugro _Singapore_ owed the
deugro Asset to Beluga Chartering. But Beluga Chartering owed the deugro
Liability to deugro _Denmark_. Further, according to Mr Khanbabi, the deugro
Liability did not arise from any of the vessels which the Singapore
Subsidiaries managed for the Beluga group and was wholly unconnected to the
work which the Singapore Subsidiaries had done on behalf of Beluga Chartering
for deugro Singapore and which gave rise to the deugro Asset.[note: 64]

275 On 30 March 2011, deugro Denmark wrote to deugro Singapore about the
deugro Liability. In its letter,[note: 65] deugro Denmark set out Beluga
Chartering’s failure to perform its obligations under the 5 January 2011
booking note, quantified the loss and damage said to be caused by that failure
at €502,600 and concluding by saying that “we hereby transfer the rights to
our sister company in Singapore [deugro Singapore] to collect this claim
towards [Beluga Chartering].”

276 By an email dated 31 March 2011, deugro Singapore gave notice to Mr
Khanbabi that deugro Denmark had assigned the deugro Liability to deugro
Singapore and that deugro Singapore intended to deduct the deugro Liability
from the deugro Asset before making payment of the net sum to Beluga
Chartering.[note: 66]

277 deugro Denmark followed up on its letter to deugro Singapore dated 30
March 2011 by executing a formal assignment dated 29 April 2011 (“the deugro
Assignment”). By the deugro Assignment, deugro Denmark assigned the deugro
Liability to deugro Singapore in consideration of deugro Singapore paying the
nominal sum of US$1.00 to deugro Denmark.[note: 67]

278 deugro Denmark assigned the deugro Liability to deugro Singapore _after_
Beluga Chartering opened insolvency proceedings against itself and _after_ Mr
Grönda was appointed as Beluga Chartering’s provisional receiver in
insolvency. The purpose of the deugro Assignment was to ensure that the deugro
group would be entitled to set off the deugro Liability against the deugro
Asset even though the debit and the credit in question involved different
deugro entities at the time of origination. The deugro Assignment is what
gives rise to the right of set-off which deugro Singapore asserts and which
the Singapore Liquidators have acknowledged as valid.[note: 68] I express no
view as to whether the Singapore Liquidators were correct to have so agreed.
That question is not before me. It suffices to draw attention to section
88(2)(b) of the Bankruptcy Act and pose the question: can an assignee of a
debt owed by an insolvent company to a third party rely on the assigned debt
by way of set-off against his debt to the insolvent company if he had notice
of the insolvency at the time of the assignment: see _Re Eros Films Ltd_
[1963] Ch 565?

The Singapore Subsidiaries sue Beluga Chartering

279 Meanwhile, Mr Khanbabi took what he saw as “the necessary and appropriate
action to secure whatever assets there may be for” the Singapore
Subsidiaries.[note: 69] Effectively, this meant taking steps to secure the
deugro Asset.

280 Thus, on 31 March 2011, the Singapore Subsidiaries as joint plaintiffs
commenced the Suit against Beluga Chartering as the sole defendant. They
claimed separate sums which Beluga Chartering owed to each Singapore
Subsidiary for work done by that Singapore Subsidiary on behalf of Beluga
Chartering.[note: 70] The total claim in the Suit amounted to S$1,415,631.21
plus, as is usual, interest and costs.

The Singapore Subsidiaries freeze the deugro Asset

281 Mr Khanbabi was concerned that if the deugro asset was remitted overseas,
there was a very real risk that any judgment in favour of the Singapore
Subsidiaries, out of which their employees were to be paid, would not be
satisfied[note: 71]. To that end, the Singapore Subsidiaries on 31 March 2011
applied _ex parte_ for – and on 1 April 2011 obtained – the Injunction
prohibiting Beluga Chartering from in any way disposing of its assets in
Singapore up to $1,415,631.21. The Injunction expressly specified the deugro
Asset as being within the prohibition. The deugro Asset was quantified at
S$1,587,294.31,[note: 72] being the equivalent in Singapore dollars as at that
date of US$1,259,647.42. After the High Court granted the Injunction on 1
April 2011, Beluga Chartering served the Injunction on deugro. The Injunction
remains in force today and is one of the matters which I have been asked to
deal with in the application before me. The deugro Assignment was entered into
_after_ deugro Singapore had knowledge of the Suit and of the Injunction,
although before the Singapore Subsidiaries entered judgment in default and
levied execution in the Suit.

282 On 20 April 2011, the Singapore Subsidiaries secured judgment in default
of appearance in the Suit against Beluga Chartering as prayed, in the total
sum of S$1,415,631.21 plus interest and costs.

The Singapore subsidiaries seek to attach the deugro Asset

283 On 3 May 2011, the Singapore Subsidiaries applied _ex parte_ for and
obtained a garnishee order to show cause (“the Garnishee Order”) against
deugro Singapore in respect of the deugro Asset. The return date for deugro
Singapore as garnishee to show cause why the Garnishee Order should not be
made final was fixed for 16 May 2011.

284 On 5 May 2011, the Singapore Subsidiaries’ solicitors wrote to deugro
Singapore Pte Ltd informing it of the Garnishee Order. On 9 May 2011, deugro
Singapore replied through solicitors,[note: 73] saying that it was in the
process of verifying the amount, if any, which deugro Singapore owed to Beluga
Chartering and putting the Singapore Subsidiaries on notice that it would be
effecting a set-off in respect of the deugro Liability which it had by then
assigned formally to deugro Singapore on 29 April 2011.

285 On 16 May 2011, deugro Singapore gave formal notice in writing to Beluga
Chartering of the deugro Assignment.[note: 74]

286 On 18 May 2011, Beluga Chartering wrote[note: 75] to deugro Singapore
asking it to make payment of the deugro Asset into the account opened by the
provisional receiver in insolvency in Germany. deugro Singapore did not pay
the deugro Asset as requested or at all. Instead, it responded by a letter
dated 19 May 2011 pointing out that not only the Injunction but also the
Garnishee Order prevented deugro Singapore from paying the deugro Asset to
Beluga Chartering. deugro Singapore ended the letter by reiterating its
intention to effect a set-off of the deugro Liability against the deugro Asset
pursuant to the deugro Assignment.

Beluga Chartering takes control of the boards of the Singapore Subsidiaries

287 On 19 May 2011, Beluga Chartering as the sole shareholder of Beluga
Singapore removed all three directors of Beluga Singapore (including Mr
Khanbabi) and appointed as directors in their place Mr Roger Iliffe and the
German Liquidator’s nominee Mr Heiko Keppler. On the same day, Beluga
Chartering as the sole shareholder of Beluga Asia removed one of the two
directors of Beluga Asia and appointed as its directors again Mr Iliffe and Mr
Keppler. By the same resolution, Beluga Chartering terminated Mr Khanbabi’s
employment with Beluga Asia. Beluga Chartering did all of this with the
approval of Mr Grönda,[note: 76] at that time Beluga Chartering’s provisional
insolvency receiver. The result was that the insolvency officeholder’s
nominees now controlled the Boards of both of the Singapore Subsidiaries.

288 On 14 July 2011, the new boards of both Singapore subsidiaries instructed
new solicitors in the Suit, who duly filed a Notice of Change of Solicitors.

289 I note that the German Liquidator took no steps to place the Singapore
Subsidiaries in voluntary liquidation even though it was clear that both
Singapore Subsidiaries were rendered irretrievably insolvent because the
essential financial support that Beluga Chartering had extended to them from
the time of their incorporation had been irreversibly withdrawn.

Beluga Asia is wound up

290 In the absence of any steps by the German Liquidator through Beluga
Chartering to place the Singapore Subsidiaries in creditors’ voluntary
liquidation, that task was left to the creditors. On 10 August 2011, a
creditor known as BSK Stevedores Pte Ltd presented a winding up application
against Beluga Asia based on an unpaid debt of S$316,218.30 due as at 12 July
2011 in respect of goods supplied and services rendered to Beluga Asia in
respect of ships from the Beluga fleet.[note: 77] Beluga Asia and Beluga
Chartering, both now under the control of the German Liquidator,
unsuccessfully opposed the application to wind up Beluga Singapore. The Court
ordered Beluga Asia to be wound up on 2 September 2011.

Beluga Singapore is wound up

291 On 10 August 2011, a creditor known as Bluefin Project Marine Ltd
(“Bluefin”) presented a winding up application against Beluga Singapore based
on an unsatisfied statutory demand dated 18 July 2011 in respect of a debt of
S$64,617.83.[note: 78] Bluefin is Mr Khanbabi personal corporate vehicle.
Beluga Singapore, who was by the time of Bluefin’s demand under the control of
the German Liquidator, did not dispute this debt.[note: 79]

292 Mr Khanbabi affirmed an affidavit in support of the winding up
application. He deposed that he had filed the application because Beluga
Singapore was no longer a going concern and had failed to pay its creditors,
principally ex-employees who were due salary and contributions to the Central
Provident Fund Board.[note: 80]

293 The winding up application was initially fixed to be heard on 26 August
2011. However, a series of applications for stay pending ongoing arbitration
proceedings involving Bluefin and Mr Khanbabi, as well as various oppositions
to the making of the winding up order, led to the application being heard only
on 13 January 2012. On 12 January 2012, the Court substituted a creditor known
as Cheng Heng Liang (“Mr Cheng”) as the creditor applying for the winding up
of Beluga Singapore. Mr Chan was Beluga Singapore’ Chartering Manager. His
claim was for arrears of salary, CPF contributions and salary in lieu of
notice, all of which were undisputed.[note: 81]

294 On 13 January 2012, the Court ordered that Beluga Singapore be wound up.
It appointed Mr Sim Guan Seng and Mr Goh Yeow Kiang Victor, both of Baker
Tilly TFW LLP, as its liquidators.

Making the Garnishee Order final

295 In the meantime, the garnishee proceedings in the Suit continued in
parallel with the winding up proceedings against the Singapore Subsidiaries.
The Singapore Subsidiaries sought to make the Garnishee Order final. deugro
Singapore opposed this only to the extent of its right to set off the deugro
Liability against it.

296 Beluga Chartering also wrote to the Official Receiver[note: 82], stating
its intended opposition to the Singapore Subsidiaries’ application to make the
Garnishee Order final. Beluga Chartering took the position that Beluga
Chartering’s insolvency and hence the deugro Asset were governed by the German
insolvency regime.[note: 83] In my view, the proposition advanced by Beluga
Chartering is not an accurate statement of the position under Singapore law.
The deugro Asset, arising under Singapore law and having its _situs_ in
Singapore, was governed by Singapore law.

297 On 10 January 2012, Mr Khanbabi filed an affidavit urging the Court to
make the Garnishee Order final. He argued that the deugro Liability was wholly
connected to the work done by the Singapore Subsidiaries on behalf of Beluga
Chartering for deugro Singapore which had given rise to the deugro
Asset.[note: 84] He also pointed out that Beluga Chartering owed the deugro
Liability, at the time of its origination, to deugro Denmark and not to deugro
Singapore.[note: 85] He invited the Court to infer from the position of the
deugro Assignment in the chronology of events that it was created in bad faith
in order to frustrate the Singapore Subsidiaries’ claim against deugro
Singapore.[note: 86] Further, he argued that the Singapore Court should not
recognise the German Liquidator because Beluga Chartering was a foreign
company not registered in Singapore and the German Liquidator had not (at that
point) applied for it to be wound up in Singapore.[note: 87]

298 After a number of false starts, the Singapore Subsidiaries’ application to
make the Garnishee Order final came up for hearing on 17 January 2012.

Beluga Persuasion applies to wind up Beluga Chartering

299 Also on 17 January 2012, Beluga Persuasion commenced these winding up
proceedings, Companies Winding Up No. 5 of 2012/L, seeking an order to wind up
Beluga Chartering and appoint Singapore liquidators. Its avowed aim in
commencing these proceedings was to prevent the Singapore Subsidiaries
completing the execution levied on the deugro Asset by making the Garnishee
Order final on 17 January 2012.[note: 88] The application was based on an
unpaid and undisputed debt of €1,109,200 arising from the time charter of the
MV Beluga Singapore referred to in [270].[note: 89]

300 Beluga Persuasion sought the winding up order on the grounds that Beluga
Chartering had assets in Singapore and was insolvent, alternatively that it
was just and equitable to wind it up.[note: 90] The relevant asset which
Beluga Persuasion relied on for its first ground was the deugro Asset.[note:
91] In support of the insolvency ground, Beluga Persuasion relied on the
Bremen Court’s finding of insolvency and its appointment on 1 June 2011 of Mr
Grönda as Beluga Chartering’s Insolvency Administrator. In support of the just
and equitable ground, Beluga Persuasion argued that it would be unjust to
allow the Singapore Subsidiaries to obtain a final Garnishee Order and thereby
take the deugro Asset for itself.[note: 92] The winding up was necessary, it
was said, to prevent this injustice.[note: 93].

301 As a result of the winding up application, the hearing of the Singapore
Subsidiaries’ application to make the Garnishee Order final was adjourned on
17 January 2012, to await the outcome of the winding up.

302 The winding up application against Beluga Chartering came up for hearing
on 17 February 2012. The court duly made the winding up orderand appointed Mr
Abuthahir Abdul Gafoor and Mr Chee Yoh Chuang as its Singapore liquidators.

303 On 14 March 2012, in light of the winding up order, the Singapore
Subsidiaries consented to the Garnishee Order being discharged.

Total claims against Singapore Subsidiaries

304 The Official Receiver informed the Court that creditors’ as-yet
unadjudicated claims against the Singapore Subsidiaries total $1,227,873. That
comprises claims of $791,701 against Beluga Singapore and claims of $436,172
against Beluga Asia.[note: 94] Of the total claims of $1,227,873, $333,696 are
claims entitled to preferential status under s 328 of the Act comprising
preferential debts of $313,099 due to employees of Beluga Singapore and
preferential claims of $20,597 due to employees of Beluga Asia. It should also
be noted that the sum of $454,617 claimed by Bluefin Project Marine Pte Ltd
against Beluga Singapore is in substance, though not in form or in law, a
claim by Mr Khanbabi arising from his employment.

305 The Official Receiver’s breakdown of these claims is follows:

CLAIMS AGAINST BELUGA SINGAPORE  
---  
No. |  Creditor |  Status |  Preferential  |  Ordinary   
1. |  Grant, Robert Bell |  Employee |  S$26,805 |   
2. |  Anthony Vijaya Sekaran |  Employee |  S$125,769 |   
3. |  Chang Heng Liang |  Employee |  S$30,813 |   
4. |  Nur Jalilah Suhaili |  Employee |  S$3,553 |   
5. |  Florian Pinz |  Employee |  S$27,918 |   
6. |  Teo Kian Yam |  Employee |  S$21,422 |   
7. |  Ong Siew Chin |  Employee |  S$9,046 |   
8. |  Hans-Peter Stenske |  Employee |  S$67,773 |   
9. |  Bluefin Project Marine Pte Ltd |  Trade |  |  S$454,617  
10. |  Singapore Telecommunications Ltd |  Trade |  |  S$23,985  
|  **Total** |  |  **S$313,099** |  **S$478,602**  
|  |  |  |   
CLAIMS AGAINST BELUGA ASIA  
No. |  Creditor |  Status |  Preferential |  Ordinary  
1. |  Tan Woon Lian |  Employee |  S$9,297 |  S$15,600  
2. |  Noor Lela Osman |  Employee |  S$5,750 |   
3. |  Koh Kim Choo |  Employee |  S$2,300 |   
4. |  Mohd Firi bin Salim |  Employee |  S$3,250 |   
5. |  BSK Stevedoring Pte Ltd |  Trade |  |  S$321,551  
6. |  Singapore Telecommunications Ltd |  Trade |  |  S$70,500  
7. |  Furama City Centre Singapore |  Trade |  |  S$874  
8. |  Blank Rome Solicitors |  Trade |  |  S$7,050  
|  **Total** |  |  **S$20,597** |  **S$415,575**  
  
  

306 While these claims are yet to be adjudicated, there is no reason to
believe that the Official Receiver has misstated them in any way. Further, the
Singapore Liquidators have not disputed these figures. They merely point out
that these claims are claims by employees of the Singapore Subsidiaries, as
opposed to claims by employees of Beluga Chartering,[note: 95] and therefore
not entitled to any priority of payment under s 328 in the Singapore
liquidation of Beluga Chartering. That is undoubtedly true.

Beluga Chartering was not carrying on business in Singapore

307 Whether Beluga Chartering was carrying on business in Singapore is
obviously a factor in the exercise of my discretion to disapply s 377(3)(c).
The Official Receiver invites me to find based on these facts that Beluga
Chartering was indeed carrying on business in Singapore. I hold that Beluga
Chartering never carried on business in Singapore whether under the definition
in s 366 of the Act or on any broader meaning of the term. It was therefore
not obliged to register under s 368 of the Act.

308 Beluga Chartering arranged its affairs in Singapore as hundreds or even
thousands of international enterprises in Singapore do: by establishing
wholly-owned subsidiaries in Singapore and by extending personnel, financial
and commercial support for the operations of those subsidiaries. Many of these
subsidiaries have some or all of their directors in common with their parent
companies. Many of these subsidiaries invariably keep the holding companies
fully informed about their financial and business status. They may even seek
directions from time to time as to how to grow or reduce their business in
Singapore. Those subsidiaries undoubtedly carry on business in Singapore. But
none of these factors can by themselves or even taken together amount to the
_parent company_ carrying on business in Singapore.

309 There are no grounds on which I can disregard the corporate structure in
which Beluga Chartering and the Singapore Subsidiaries were embedded. I am
therefore obliged in terms of the law to treat each as a separate legal
entity. On that basis, Beluga Chartering clearly did not carry on business in
Singapore.

310 There are also no grounds for me to attribute the acts of the Singapore
Subsidiaries to Beluga Chartering. It is common ground that the management of
the Singapore Subsidiaries was distinct from that of Beluga Chartering.[note:
96] The emails between Mr Khanbabi and the representatives of Beluga
Chartering support this. Far from taking directions from the management of
Beluga Chartering, Mr Khanbabi appreciated and applied a clear separation
between his role in the Beluga group and his duties to the Singapore
Subsidiaries and to their creditors – in particular to their employees – when
the interests of Beluga Chartering and those of the Singapore Subsidiaries
diverged.

311 It is also common ground that Beluga Chartering and the Singapore
Subsidiaries never agreed that the Singapore Subsidiaries would have general
authority to enter into contracts on behalf of Beluga Chartering without its
consent.[note: 97] Thus, although there is some evidence that the Singapore
Subsidiaries did enter into contracts as a nominal “agent” for Beluga
Chartering, that term appears to have been used loosely in the sense of a
“representative” rather than the true sense of agent as it is used in the law
of principal and agent and in s 366(1) of the Companies Act.

312 I therefore accept the Singapore Liquidators’ submissions that Beluga
Chartering was not carrying on business in Singapore.

Discretion to disapply the ring-fencing limb of s 377(3)(c)

313 I accept that the usual course in the case of a foreign company which does
not carry on business in Singapore will be to apply the common law discretion
and to disapply the ring-fencing limb of s 373(3)(c) of the Act to permit a
transmission order of the gross Singapore proceeds to take place. But the
facts of this case are exceptional. That is why I have set them out at some
length and in some detail. On these facts, I have no hesitation in declining
to exercise my discretion to disapply the ring-fencing limb of s 377(3)(c) of
the Act. The factors I have taken into consideration are set out in the
paragraphs which follow. No one of these factors would justify declining to
disapply the ring-fencing limb of s 377(3)(c) of the Act. But all of these
factors taken together do.

314 Although Beluga Chartering was undoubtedly not carrying on business in
Singapore, it came as close as a foreign company can to doing so without
actually doing so. The Singapore Subsidiaries were separate _legal_ entities
from Beluga Chartering but were not in any sense separate _economic_ entities.
This was not a case where the two Singapore Subsidiaries were capitalised upon
incorporation with the intention that they should thereafter run as
economically self-sustaining operations. Both Singapore Subsidiaries were
wholly dependent from the outset and throughout their lives on monthly
remittances from Beluga Chartering.

315 The Singapore Subsidiaries sought these monthly remittances by way of
reimbursement for all of their respective expenses in the previous month.
These expenses included employee salaries.

316 The Singapore Subsidiaries did not capitalise these monthly remittances in
their books. Nor did the Singapore Subsidiaries treat these monthly
remittances as shareholders’ loans. The practical result was that, although
each Singapore Subsidiary was a separate legal person in law from Beluga
Chartering, Beluga Chartering accounted for those expenses in its own books as
its own expenses.

317 The Singapore Subsidiaries and their employees expended their efforts in
promoting the business of Beluga Chartering and Beluga Group. The revenue from
the contracts which Beluga Singapore entered into on behalf of Beluga
Chartering fell due to Beluga Chartering and was paid by counterparties
directly to Beluga Chartering. Beluga Asia rendered its ship husbandry
services to Beluga Group ships.

318 The deugro Asset arises from business done in Singapore and has its
closest connection to Singapore. Further, the deugro Asset is at least in part
causally connected to the efforts of the Singapore Subsidiaries. It is by the
efforts of the employees of the Singapore Subsidiaries, at least in part, that
Beluga Chartering earned the deugro Asset. Those employees’ claims form the
bulk of the judgment debt which Beluga Chartering owes to the Singapore
Subsidiaries.

319 Beluga Chartering, by its email dated 23 March 2011 expressly invited the
Singapore Subsidiaries’ management to “take appropriate action in accordance
with [their] local laws”. That is precisely what Mr Khanbabi did. He commenced
the Suit, obtained the Injunction and levied execution in an effort to make
sure that Beluga Group employees in Singapore were paid their salaries out of
the economic fruits of their labour.

320 The German Liquidator took no steps to set aside the Singapore
Subsidiaries’ default judgment even though he was by July 2011 (if not
earlier) aware of it and even after his representatives had taken control of
the boards of directors of the judgment creditors, ie both plaintiffs in the
suit against Beluga Chartering. I take that as an acknowledgment that Beluga
Chartering’s liability to each Singapore Subsidiary and also the quantum of
that liability is undisputed.

321 I accept that if the Singapore Proceeds are transmitted to the German
liquidator, the Singapore Subsidiaries will be in no worse position than any
other creditor in Beluga Chartering’s general body of unsecured creditors
worldwide. However, if the Singapore Proceeds are transmitted to Germany, the
Singapore Subsidiaries will be worse off than if the Singapore Liquidators
fulfilled their obligations under Singapore insolvency law and s 377(3)(c).

322 The Singapore Subsidiaries will suffer real prejudice if I disapply the
ring-fencing limb of s 377(3)(c). Beluga Chartering has about €20m in assets
and debts of about €1.2bn.[note: 98] Each worldwide unsecured creditor will
receive substantially less than 2 cents in the Euro, even if I disregard
liquidation costs entirely. If I disapply the ring-fencing limb of s 377(3)(c)
and the Singapore Liquidators transmit the Singapore Proceeds to the German
Liquidator, the rate of recovery for the general body of unsecured creditors
will not increase significantly. That is especially the case because the costs
of the Singapore liquidation will have to be paid out of the Singapore
Proceeds before transmission. On the other hand, if the Singapore Liquidators
fulfil their obligations under the ring-fencing obligation in s 377(3)(c),
there will be a substantial difference to the rate of recovery achieved by the
Singapore Subsidiaries and, indirectly, by their employees in Singapore. The
prejudice to the creditors proving in the German Liquidation will be _de
minimis_.

323 For all of these reasons, I decline to exercise my discretion to disapply
the ring-fencing limb of s 377(3)(c).

The Injunction

324 The final substantive prayer which the applicants seek from me is an order
directing the respondents forthwith to discharge the Injunction so as to free
the parties and to free the deugro Asset from the freezing effect of the
Injunction in order to permit the payments envisaged in this judgment to be
carried out.

325 I am not entirely sure whether I have the power in these proceedings to
direct the Respondents to take certain steps in other proceedings in the
manner which the Singapore Liquidators pray. But if the Singapore Liquidators
were to make the necessary application to me in the Suit, I would undoubtedly
have the power to relax or discharge the Injunction to achieve the same effect
as the prayer which the Singapore Liquidators now seek from me in these
proceedings.

326 I therefore invite the Singapore Liquidators, in due course, to make the
necessary application to me in the Suit so that the consequences of this
judgment may be implemented.

Conclusion

327 For all of the foregoing reasons, I answer the questions posed in the
application before me in the terms set out at [6] above. I will hear the
parties on costs.

328 I made the point in [188] that it is wrong to characterise _Re BCCI_ as a
victory for universalism, let alone an unalloyed victory for universalism. It
would be equally wrong to characterise my decision as a victory for
territorialism, let alone an unalloyed victory for territorialism.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Agreed Facts (Amendment No. 1), para 3.

[note: 2]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 6.

[note: 3]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, page 55.

[note: 4]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 18
and page 56.

[note: 5]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 17
and page 55.

[note: 6]1st affidavit of Christian Knittel affirmed on 5 September 2012, page
16.

[note: 7]Statement of Agreed Facts (Amendment No. 1), para 5. Note that the
date given in para 5 of 20 February 2012 is incorrect.

[note: 8]See paragraph 15 of the Singapore Liquidators’ submissions dated 28
Sep 2012.

[note: 9]Statement of Agreed Facts (Amendment No. 1), para 9.

[note: 10]Statement of Agreed Facts (Amendment No. 1), para 6.

[note: 11]Statement of Agreed Facts (Amendment No. 1), para 12.

[note: 12]Affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed on 30 August 2012, page 8.

[note: 13]Affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed on 30 August 2012, page 8.

[note: 14]Affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed on 30 August 2012, pages 8 and 11.

[note: 15]Affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed on 30 August 2012, para 2.

[note: 16]Affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed on 30 August 2012, page 8.

[note: 17]See para 3 of the Applicants’ Written Submissions dated 22 August
2012.

[note: 18]Agreed Statement of Facts (Amendment No. 1), paragraph 14.

[note: 19]1st affidavit of Christian Knittel affirmed on 5 September 2012,
para 6.

[note: 20]Statement of Agreed Facts (Amendment No. 1), para 14.

[note: 21]See for example paragraph 61 of the Official Receiver’s submissions
dated 21 Aug 2012; paragraph 21 of the Singapore Liquidators’ submissions
dated 22 Aug 2012.

[note: 22]See paragraph 15 of the Singapore Liquidators’ submissions dated 28
September 2012.

[note: 23]Official Receiver’s written submissions dated 21 Aug 2013, para 70.

[note: 24]See paragraph 37(a) of the Singapore Liquidators’ submissions dated
22 August 2012.

[note: 25]See para 15 of the Official Receiver’s submissions dated 21 Aug
2012.

[note: 26]See para 18 of the Official Receiver’s submissions dated 21 Aug
2012.

[note: 27]See para 27 of Singapore Liquidators’ submissions date 22 Aug 2012.

[note: 28]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 6.

[note: 29]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, page 94.

[note: 30]Statement of Agreed Facts (Amendment No. 1), paras 6 and 7.

[note: 31]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, para 13.

[note: 32]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, page 98 and 99; 2nd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in
Companies Winding Up No. 101 of 2011/Z on 23 September 2011 at para 5.

[note: 33]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, para 4.

[note: 34]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, para 12.

[note: 35]2nd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Companies Winding Up
No. 101 of 2011/Z on 23 September 2011, para 7.

[note: 36]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, para 9 to 11 and 14 to 15. 2nd affidavit of Namir Ahmed
Khanbabi filed in Companies Winding Up No. 101 of 2011/Z on 23 September 2011,
para 8.

[note: 37]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, para 11 and 16.

[note: 38]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, page 48, 75, 76 and 77.

[note: 39]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, page 49 and 50.

[note: 40]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, page 51.

[note: 41]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, page 51 to 74.

[note: 42]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, page 80 to 83 and 85 to 90.

[note: 43]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, para 24.

[note: 44]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, page 94.

[note: 45]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, page 95.

[note: 46]2nd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Companies Winding Up
No. 101 of 2011/Z on 23 September 2011, para 6.

[note: 47]2nd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Companies Winding Up
No. 101 of 2011/Z on 23 September 2011, para 6 and page 87.

[note: 48]2nd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Companies Winding Up
No. 101 of 2011/Z on 23 September 2011, page 84 and 85.

[note: 49]2nd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Companies Winding Up
No. 101 of 2011/Z on 23 September 2011, para 21.

[note: 50]2nd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Companies Winding Up
No. 101 of 2011/Z on 23 September 2011, page 84 and 85.

[note: 51]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 18
and page 56.

[note: 52]Agreed Statement of Facts (Amendment No. 1), para 4.

[note: 53]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 17.

[note: 54]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 8.

[note: 55]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 10.

[note: 56]1st affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on 29
November 2011 at para 5.

[note: 57]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, page 100 to 102.

[note: 58]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, para 30 and page 100 to 102.

[note: 59]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, para 30.

[note: 60]Statement of Agreed Facts (Amendment No. 1), paragraph 11; 1st
affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 24, 1st affidavit
of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on 31 March 2011, para 30;
2nd affidavit of Namir Khanbabi filed in Companies Winding Up No. 101 of
2011/Z dated 23 September 2011, para 16.

[note: 61]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, page 105 to 107.

[note: 62]1st affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on 29
November 2011 at page 35.

[note: 63]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, page 105 to 107.

[note: 64]3rd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
10 Jan 2012, para 5, 6 and 9.

[note: 65]1st affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on 29
November 2011 at page 37.

[note: 66]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, page 104.

[note: 67]1st affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on 29
November 2011 at page 10.

[note: 68]See paragraph 78, Singapore Liquidators’ submissions dated 3
September 2012.

[note: 69]2nd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Companies Winding Up
No. 101 of 2011/Z on 23 September 2011, para 16.

[note: 70]2nd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Companies Winding Up
No. 101 of 2011/Z on 23 September 2011, para 16.

[note: 71]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, para 31.

[note: 72]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
31 March 2011, para 30.

[note: 73]1st affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on 29
November 2011 at page 43.

[note: 74]1st affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on 29
November 2011 at page 51.

[note: 75]1st affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on 29
November 2011 at page 44.

[note: 76]1st affidavit of Edgar Grönda filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on 31 August
2011, para 6.

[note: 77]1st affidavit of Yap Thiam Meng @Ng Meng Hwee filed on 10 August
2011 in Companies Winding Up No. 102 of 2011/D, para 7 and page 12.

[note: 78]1st affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Companies Winding Up
No. 101 of 2011/Z on 10 Aug 2011, para 7 and page 6.

[note: 79]2nd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Companies Winding Up
No. 101 of 2011/Z on 23 September 2011, para 29.

[note: 80]2nd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Companies Winding Up
No. 101 of 2011/Z on 23 September 2011, para 13.

[note: 81]1st affidavit of Cheng Heng Liang filed in Companies Winding Up No.
101 of 2011/Z on 23 September 2011, para 8.

[note: 82]1st affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on 29
November 2011 at page 58.

[note: 83]1st affidavit of Kwok Sai Soo filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on 29
November 2011 at page 58.

[note: 84]3rd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
10 Jan 2012, para 5, 6 and 9.

[note: 85]3rd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
10 Jan 2012, para 5, 6 and 9.

[note: 86]3rd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
10 Jan 2012, para 7.

[note: 87]3rd affidavit of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi filed in Suit 227 of 2011 on
10 Jan 2012, para 10.

[note: 88]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 25.

[note: 89]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 10
to 12 and 46.

[note: 90]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 13,
14 and 20.

[note: 91]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 13.

[note: 92]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 23.

[note: 93]1st affidavit of Heiko Keppler filed herein on 17 Jan 2012, para 25.

[note: 94]See paragraph 46 to 51 of the Official Receiver’s submissions dated
28 Sep 2012.

[note: 95]See the heading at the bottom of page 14 of the Official Receiver’s
written submissions dated 28 Sep 2012.

[note: 96]Agreed Statement of Facts (Amendment No. 1), paragraph 8.

[note: 97]Agreed Statement of Facts (Amendment No. 1), paragraph 8.

[note: 98]See paragraph 15 of the Singapore Liquidators’ submissions dated 28
Sep 2012.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Mar 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

