Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Piallo GmbH _v_ Yafriro International Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHC 260

Case Number| :| Suit No 354 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeal No 222 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Peter Doraisamy and Nur Rafizah Binte Mohamed Abdul
Gaffoor (Selvam LLC) for the appellant; Sim Chong and Loo Chieh Ling Kate (JLC
Advisors LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Piallo GmbH — Yafriro International Pte Ltd  
  
26 November 2013|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The plaintiff, Piallo GmbH (“Piallo”), sued the defendant, Yafriro
International Pte Ltd (“Yafriro”), on several dishonoured cheques on 19 April
2013. Yafriro successfully applied before an assistant registrar to stay the
proceedings in favour of arbitration pursuant to s 6(1) of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) (see [2013] SGHCR 20). Piallo
appealed _vide_ Registrar’s Appeal No 222 of 2013. I dismissed the appeal on
30 August 2013, and now give the reasons for my decision.

The facts

2 Piallo, an Austrian company, manufactures timepieces, jewellery and
accessories under the “deLaCour” brand. On 17 September 2008, it entered into
a five-year distributorship agreement with Yafriro (“Distributorship
Agreement”), under which the latter had the exclusive right to market,
distribute and sell all collections of deLaCour watches, jewellery and
accessories (“deLaCour products”) in various Asian markets for a period of
five years. Article 20 of the Distributorship Agreement (“Art 20”) contained
the following arbitration provision:

**Article 20 Arbitration / Governing Law**

20.1Any dispute arising out of or in connection with the present contract
shall be finally settled under the rules of Arbitration of the ICC Paris by
one arbitrator appointed in accordance with said Rules.

20.2The seat of arbitration is Geneva.

20.3This contract is governed by the laws of the [_sic_] Switzerland.

20.4The language of arbitration is English.

3 Piallo terminated the Distributorship Agreement with immediate effect before
the end of the 5-year term. It was, however, unclear as to when the
termination notice was given. According to Yafriro’s former lawyers, Rajah &
Tann (“R&T”), the purported termination was on or about 30 October 2012.[note:
1] However, Piallo’s termination letter of November 2012 was undated. In that
November 2012 letter, Piallo cited non-compliance with the terms of the
Distributorship Agreement as a reason for early termination, but Piallo stated
that it would continue a working relationship with Yafriro and, as such, it
would send 15 to 20 watches every month to the latter.

4 R&T’s letter of 4 April 2013 to Piallo’s lawyers, Selvam LLC (“the April
letter”) most conveniently summarises Yafriro’s version of the events that
developed after Piallo’s purported termination of the Distributorship
Agreement. R&T’s narrative touched on how, when and why 15 post-dated cheques
(“Cheques”) totalling a sum of S$680,198 (Singapore dollar equivalent of
CHF511,210) were issued and handed over to Piallo despite Yafriro’s
contentions that Piallo had breached the Distributorship Agreement in several
respects. The dates of the post-dated Cheques ranged from 10 January to 30
April 2013. Paragraph 4 of the April letter reads as follows:[note: 2]

Further, and without prejudice to the above, our clients had issued the
cheques even before they had received all the time pieces which they ordered
because they were misled by your clients into doing so. Your clients purported
to wrongfully terminate the Agreement on or about 30 October 2012, which
greatly aggrieved our clients. Our respective clients then engaged in
negotiations in an attempt to resolve the disputes between them amicably. In
the course of these negotiations, our clients indicated that, while they would
insist on their exclusive right to market, distribute and sell the DE LACOUR
products for the remaining term of the Agreement, they might be prepared to
accept a non-exclusive distributorship arrangement after the termination of
the Agreement on 17 September 2013. This was on condition that the DE LACOUR
products would be ordered from, and be directly supplied by your clients to
our clients, without the involvement of any intermediary. Further, the payment
arrangements between our respective clients would remain the same as per the
usual practice. Your clients’ Mr Alfred Terzibachian confirmed to our clients
that your clients are agreeable to such an arrangement, and invited our
clients to make payment of the then latest batch of time pieces by way of
post-dated cheques (so that these could be presented to your clients’ bankers
to free up further credit lines). As our clients were misled to believe that
your clients would continue to honour their obligations for the remaining term
of the Agreement and there was a consensus on the arrangement moving forward,
our clients obliged and issued the post-dated cheques. However, shortly after
our clients did so, your clients reneged on their position and informed our
clients that, with immediate effect, all further orders for the DE LACOUR
products would have to be placed through a new distributor and that payment
would have to be made to the new distributor on an immediate basis (i.e. with
no credit terms). In the circumstances, our clients were perfectly entitled to
countermand payment on these cheques, which would not have been issued but for
your clients’ misrepresentations and/or deceit.

5 According to Piallo, the Cheques were intended to be partial payment of
deLaCour products supplied to Yafriro, and as at 21 December 2012, the total
amount invoiced was CHF570,333.45 for the deLaCour products supplied between
May and December 2012.[note: 3] Yafriro on its part acknowledged that it owed
some money to Piallo, but it further countered that Piallo had separately
breached the terms of the Distributorship Agreement, brief particulars of
which were referred to in R&T’s letter of 8 March 2013 to Selvam LLC.[note: 4]
The brief details of the alleged breaches are set out in [56] below.

6 Yafriro subsequently countermanded the Cheques. On 8 January 2013, before
the date of the earliest post-dated cheque, Yafriro’s managing director, Mr
Hew Kim Choong (“Mr Hew”) wrote:[note: 5]

Please be informed that Yafriro will proceed to terminate the following
cheques that were handed over to you:

Date |  Cheque Number |  Amount SGD  
---|---|---  
10 January 2013 |  UOB 104329 |  34,666  
15 January 2013 |  BOC 322187 |  19,000  
24 January 2013 |  UOB 636489 |  124,000  
24 January 2013 |  UOB 724666 |  22,500  
30 January 2013 |  BOC 322193 |  38,400  
10 February 2013 |  UOB 104330 |  34,666  
15 February 2013 |  BOC 322188 |  19,000  
24 February 2013 |  UOB 724667 |  112,500  
28 February 2013 |  BOC 322194 |  38,400  
10 March 2013 |  UOB 104331 |  34,666  
15 March 2013 |  BOC 322189 |  19,000  
20 March 2013 |  BOC 322191 |  62,000  
30 March 2013 |  BOC 322200 |  38,400  
15 April 2013 |  BOC 322190 |  19,000  
30 April 2013 |  BOC 322192 |  64,000  
  
  

In replacement, Yafriro will make transfer of CHF50,000 within the last week
of each month, starting from January 2013, as payment against outstanding
amounts due.

I had personally agreed to the substantial payment schedule through series of
post dated cheques over a very short period of time to support our partnership
and deLaCour’s arrangement of financial facilities with banks. Unfortunately,
your unexpected and premature alteration to our existing Exclusive
Distribution [_sic_] Agreement signed on 17th September 2008 had resulted in
significant damage to the sales of the brand in Yafriro as well as our
credibility to our customers, making the payment schedule highly impossible.

Due to the current situation, I am obliged to make the necessary changes.

7 Piallo’s director, Mr Alfred Terzibachian, replied to Mr Hew in an e-mail
dated 10 January 2013:[note: 6]

As I have always mentioned during all my visits, we always said that we want
to continue to work with you even though:

• Your purchases have decreased during the last 3 years:

• 2010: 1450700

• 2011: 1124600 (-22%)

• 2012: 687000 (-39%)

• You never paid us on time and as per today you still owe us CHF 598413.--.
(87% of 2012 purchases). This brought us to an untenable situation in 2012
which obliged us to sell all your cheques to our bank as I mentioned to you
yesterday.

…

And to show you once more our interest to continue working with you, we have
been renegotiating your cheques this whole morning with our banks. They
confirmed that they cannot cancel January and February cheques but they are
ready to return the cheques of March and April against new cheques as
following to settle your debts:

• March 20th: CHF 50000

• April 20th: CHF 50000

• May 20th: CHF 50000

• June 20th: CHF 50000

• July 20th: CHF 44503,45.—

**Total : CHF 244503,45**

As soon as we receive your new cheques the old ones dated march and april will
be returned (6 cheques). I hope that our efforts are appreciated in order to
maintain our commercial relationship and friendship.

…

[emphasis in bold in original]

8 Piallo’s letter revealed that the Cheques were “sold” to its bankers. It is
also apparent from an e-mail dated 31 January 2013, this time from Piallo’s
financial controller, that Piallo’s bankers had presented some of the Cheques
to Yafriro’s banks for payment as they became due but were unable to get
payment—no doubt due to the fact that all the Cheques had been countermanded
earlier. Notably, Piallo presented all but three of the remaining Cheques for
payment notwithstanding Yafriro’s countermand. There was no presentation of
Cheques numbered “BOC 322200”, “BOC 322190” and “BOC 322192”, and Piallo’s
stance is that Yafriro’s countermand amounted to a waiver or dispensation of
presentation for payment.

9 Piallo sued Yafriro on the dishonoured Cheques on 19 April 2013.

Application to stay the proceedings

10 On 9 May 2013, Yafriro filed an application to stay the proceedings in
favour of arbitration under Art 20.1, reliance being placed on s 6(1) of the
IAA.

11 The power of the court to stay proceedings in favour of arbitration is
found expressly in s 6 of the IAA, the relevant subsections of which state:

**Enforcement of international arbitration agreement**

**6.** —(1) Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where any party to an
arbitration agreement to which this Act applies institutes any proceedings in
any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any
time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as
the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) shall make an order, upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, staying the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, unless it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

…

12 It is common ground that the arbitration agreement contained in Art 20 is
not null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed. Accordingly,
the court must stay the present proceedings unless it is shown that the
proceedings are not “in respect of any matter which is the subject of the
[arbitration] agreement”: s 6(1) of the IAA.

13 Counsel for Yafriro, Mr Sim Chong (“Mr Sim”), relied on _Tjong Very Sumito
and others v Antiq Investments Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 (“ _Tjong_ ”) for
the principles applicable to a stay application brought under s 6 of the IAA
(see _Tjong_ at [22]). Yafriro submitted that applying those principles, the
present proceedings should be stayed under s 6(2) of the IAA.

14 Piallo opposed the stay application on two grounds. First, the claim on the
dishonoured Cheques did not fall within the scope of Art 20.1. It was argued
that clear words were needed for claims involving dishonoured cheques to be
caught by an arbitration clause such as Art 20.1. Second, even if the claim
fell within the scope of Art 20.1, there was no dispute between the parties to
refer to arbitration because there was no defence to the claim.

15 It is convenient to mention at this juncture that shortly after filing the
stay application, Yafriro submitted on 11 June 2013 a request for arbitration
to the Secretariat of the International Court of Arbitration of the
International Chamber of Commerce in Paris, France, seeking, amongst other
things, a declaration that Yafriro was entitled to stop payment on the
Cheques.[note: 7] Piallo is disputing the jurisdiction of the arbitral
tribunal to make the declaration sought by Yafriro.

The issues

16 Putting Piallo’s two objections in the context of s 6(1) of the IAA, the
first question for this court’s determination was whether the present
proceedings were “in respect of any matter which is the subject of the
agreement [to arbitrate]”. The “matter” which is the subject of the
arbitration agreement (_ie_ , the claim on dishonoured cheques), is not (so
Piallo contended) a “dispute” referred to in the arbitration agreement, not
having arisen from or in connection with the Distributorship Agreement within
the meaning of Art 20.1. If the answer to the first question is to the
contrary in that the claim on the dishonoured Cheques fell within Art 20.1,
the next question for determination was whether such a claim, which is
indisputable because there is no arguable defence, was outside the scope of s
6(1).

17 The characterisation of the objections is important bearing in mind
Piallo’s strong reliance on _Nova (Jersey) Knit Ltd v Kammgarn Spinnerei GmbH_
[1977] 1 WLR 713 (“ _Nova_ ”). I make three points. First, the reasoning of
the House of Lords in _Nova_ was in the context of the English company’s
second argument (see [23] below), and that case concerned the construction of
the words that “there [was] not in fact any dispute between the parties with
regard to the matter agreed to be referred” within the meaning of s 1 of the
UK Arbitration Act 1975 (c 3) (“the 1975 Act”) (hereafter referred to as “the
qualifying words”). In other words, the reasoning of the House of Lords in
_Nova_ was in the context of the 1975 Act which contained the qualifying
words. Although the speeches did not make a distinction between the meaning of
the word “dispute” in the 1975 Act and its meaning in the arbitration clause,
the result of the second argument was reached by a construction of the
qualifying words in the 1975 Act. Henry LJ in _Halki Shipping Corporation v
Sopex Oils Ltd_ [1998] 1 WLR 726 (“ _Halki_ ”) (with whom Swinton Thomas LJ
concurred) observed (at 752) that the speeches in _Nova_ were based on the
meaning of the word “dispute” in the 1975 Act, rather than on the meaning of
that word in the arbitration clause.

18 Second, the qualifying words were removed in s 9 of the UK Arbitration Act
1996 (c 23) (“the 1996 Act”). As to the effect of the exclusion, it is
sufficient to quote the headnote summary of Henry and Swinton Thomas LJJ’s
words in _Halki_ (at 727):

The intention of the Act of 1996, by removing the court’s power under the
Arbitration Act 1975 to refuse to stay legal proceedings where it was
satisfied that “there is not in fact any dispute between the parties with
regard to the matter agreed to be referred”, was to exclude the jurisdiction
to give summary judgment under R.S.C., Ord. 14 based on an investigation of
what was in fact disputable.

19 Third, there are no similar qualifying words in s 6(1) of the IAA. Piallo’s
second objection must be considered in the light of the principles set out in
_Tjong_. I will come to this aspect of the arguments later.

The scope of the arbitration agreement between the parties

Conflict of laws issue

20 Article 20.3 of the Distributorship Agreement states that the governing law
of that agreement is Swiss law. Therefore, the scope of the arbitration
agreement contained in Art 20.1 stands properly to be decided under Swiss law.
It is stated in _Dicey, Morris and Collins on The Conflict of Laws_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2012) (at para 16-075) that:

The question whether an arbitration agreement is wide enough to cover the
dispute between the parties depends on the principles of interpretation of the
law applicable to the arbitration agreement. Before granting a stay under s.9
of the UK Arbitration Act 1996, the court must be satisfied that there is an
arbitration agreement between the parties and that the subject of the action
is within the scope of the agreement.

21 The majority of the House of Lords in _Nova_ said (at 718 and 730) that the
scope of the arbitration clause in that case fell to be determined under
German law as the governing law.

22 In _Nova_ , a partnership agreement between two English and German
companies contained an arbitration clause providing for arbitration in Germany
under German law, and it read as follows:

All disputes arising from the partnership relationship or occasioned by (or
‘in connection with’) the partnership relationship between the partnership and
the partners shall be decided by the arbitration tribunal provided for in a
separate document.

23 The German company dishonoured a number of bills of exchange which it had
accepted and which were drawn in favour of the English company, whereupon the
English company commenced an action in England claiming payment of the bills.
The German company sought a stay of the action, which was refused by the House
of Lords (Lord Salmon dissenting) on two grounds, namely: (a) on the evidence
of German law the arbitration agreement did not extend to the claims on the
bills of exchange; and (b) there was no dispute between the parties with
regard to the matters agreed to be referred within the meaning of s 1(1) of
the 1975 Act, and accordingly there was no jurisdiction to stay the court
proceedings. On the second point (b), Lord Wilberforce took it to be clear law
that unliquidated cross claims could not be relied upon by way of set-off
against a claim on a bill of exchange.

24 In this case, the parties did not address me on Swiss law. Unlike the case
in _Nova_ , there was no affidavit evidence on Swiss law before the court to
aid in the interpretation of the scope of Art 20.1. As I see it, it is for
Yafriro to prove what Swiss law is on the matter. Yafriro was content to argue
this point on the assumption that Swiss law was the same as Singapore law
insofar as the interpretation of Art 20.1 was concerned. In other words, the
court was asked to assume that the unproven aspects of Swiss law were
identical to Singapore law in coming to its decision on whether Piallo’s claim
on the dishonoured Cheques fell within Art 20.1.

25 Both parties thus proceeded on the basis that Swiss law was the same as
Singapore law on the construction of Art 20.1 in relation to their dispute.

Suing on the stopped Cheques

26 It cannot be seriously disputed that a bill of exchange is itself a
contract separate from the underlying contract, and that a claim for
unliquidated damages based on the underlying contract cannot operate as a
defence or set-off to the claim based on the bill of exchange: see, _eg_ ,
_Nova_ at 732; _Wong Fook Heng v Amixco Asia Pte Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 654 (“
_Amixco_ ”).

27 In _Amixco_ , the appellant had granted the respondent an option to
purchase a property (“the first option”). The respondent drew a cheque in the
appellant’s favour in purported payment of the option money, but the cheque
was dishonoured. The appellant then granted to a third party another option to
purchase over the same property (“the second option”). Subsequently the
appellant sued the respondent on the dishonoured cheque, whereupon the
respondent defended itself by arguing that the appellant in granting the
second option had repudiated the first option. The Court of Appeal stated that
the claim on the cheque was distinct from and independent of performance under
the first option (at [13]–[15]). Since the appellant had given good
consideration for the cheque, it was entitled to judgment for the sum of the
cheque.

28 Relying on these broad principles, Piallo argued that each Cheque was a
distinct and separate transaction from the underlying Distributorship
Agreement, and the claim on the dishonoured Cheques fell outside the scope of
Art 20.1. Counsel for Piallo, Mr Peter Doraisamy (“Mr Doraisamy”), relied on
_Nova_ for the general proposition that a claim on bills of exchange is
generally not caught by an arbitration clause unless expressly provided for in
the arbitration clause, and that in this case, the arbitration clause in the
underlying contract must clearly cover claims involving the underlying
contract and the bill of exchange contract for the reason that both are
separate transactions.[note: 8]

29 _Nova_ was considered in _CA Pacific Forex Ltd v Lei Kuan Ieong_ [1999] 2
HKC 571 (“ _CA Pacific_ ”), a decision of the Hong Kong Court of Appeal. The
plaintiff there had concluded an agreement to open an account for the
defendant for the transaction of forex instruments. Pursuant to the agreement
the defendant subsequently drew two cheques in favour of the plaintiff, which
cheques were dishonoured on presentation. The plaintiff sued on the cheques
and the defendant applied for a stay of proceedings. Stating that a bill of
exchange was unarguably a separate contract from the underlying agreement,
Seagroatt J held (at 576) that the arbitration clause in question was not
precise and sufficiently encompassing to include claims on bills of exchange.
Seagroatt J also said (at 575–576):

To hold that an arbitration clause referring to disputes arising from the
underlying agreement, applies to bills of exchange would make ‘a very
substantial inroad upon the commercial principle on which bills of exchange
have always rested.’ Accordingly there must be a plain manifestation in the
arbitration clause that it is to apply to bills of exchange if the presumption
against taking bills of exchange into arbitration is to be rebutted.

30 It was further argued on behalf of Piallo that none of the limited defences
such as those based on fraud, invalidity or total failure of consideration
applied in this case, and there was hence no dispute to refer to arbitration,
assuming for the sake of argument that Art 20.1 was applicable. In fact, Mr
Doraisamy contended that Yafriro had admitted its indebtedness by its issuance
of the post-dated Cheques amounting to S$680,198.

Wording of Art 20.1

31 By the terms of the arbitration agreement contained in Art 20.1 of the
Distributorship Agreement, “[a]ny dispute _arising out of or in connection
with the present contract_ shall be settled under the rules of Arbitration of
the ICC Paris by one arbitrator” [emphasis added]. Hence, as a matter of
construction, is Art 20.1 apt to cover the claim on the dishonoured Cheques in
these proceedings in that the claim (_ie_ , the subject “matter” of these
proceedings) is a dispute arising out of or in connection with the
Distributorship Agreement?

32 On the question of construction, it seems that in arbitration cases the
modern approach in England is to put aside previous authorities on the various
forms of words in arbitration clauses where a distinction was drawn between
disputes “arising under” and “arising out of” the agreement. The preference
instead is to adopt a completely new approach to the construction of an
arbitration clause (see _Fiona Trust & Holding Corporation v Privalov_ [2008]
1 Lloyd’s Rep 254 (“ _Fiona Trust (HL)_ ”) at [12] where Lord Hoffmann
applauded Longmore LJ’s call for this new approach in _Fiona Trust & Holding
Corporation v Privalov_ [2007] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 267 (“ _Fiona Trust (CA)_ ”) at
[17]) that starts from the assumption that businessmen enter into agreements
to achieve some rational commercial purpose and, being aware that their
agreements may give rise to disputes, want those disputes resolved by “a
tribunal which they have chosen, commonly on the grounds of such matters as
its neutrality, expertise and privacy, the availability of legal services at
the seat of the arbitration and the unobtrusive efficiency of its supervisory
law” (_per_ Lord Hoffmann in _Fiona Trust (HL)_ at [6]). Lord Hoffmann further
said (at [13]):

In my opinion the construction of an arbitration clause should start from the
assumption that the parties, as rational businessmen, are likely to have
intended any dispute arising out of the relationship into which they have
entered or purported to enter to be decided by the same tribunal. The clause
should be construed in accordance with this presumption unless the language
makes it clear that certain questions were intended to be excluded from the
arbitrator’s jurisdiction. As Longmore LJ [in the Court of Appeal] remarked,
at [17]: ‘[i]f any businessman did want to exclude disputes about the validity
of a contract, it would be comparatively easy to say so.’

33 Agreeing with Longmore LJ, Lord Hope of Craighead remarked in _Fiona Trust
(HL)_ (at [26]):

The proposition that any jurisdiction or arbitration clause in an
international commercial contract should be liberally construed promotes legal
certainty. It serves to underline the golden rule that if the parties wish to
have issues as to the validity of their contract decided by one tribunal and
issues as to its meaning or performance decided by another, they must say so
expressly. Otherwise they will be taken to have agreed on a single tribunal
for the resolution of all such disputes.

34 In Singapore, our Court of Appeal stated in _Larsen Oil and Gas Pte Ltd v
Petroprod Ltd (in official liquidation in the Cayman Islands and in compulsory
liquidation in Singapore)_ [2011] 3 SLR 414 (“ _Larsen_ ”) (at [19]) that
arbitration clauses should be generously construed such that all manner of
claims, whether common law or statutory, should be regarded as falling within
their scope unless there was good reason to conclude otherwise. This view
resonates with Lord Hoffmann’s remarks in _Fiona Trust (HL)_ (see [32] above).

35 In a more recent decision, our Court of Appeal in _International Research
Corporation PLC v Lufthansa Systems Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and another_ [2013]
SGCA 55 departed from the long-standing English rule that requires an
arbitration clause in one contract to be expressly referred to in another
contract before that clause is said to be incorporated. Sundaresh Menon CJ,
delivering the decision of the court, explained (at [31]) that our legislative
scheme is so different that the court is obliged to put the English
authorities on one side. Menon CJ said (at [32] and [34]):

32 … It is apparent that Art 7(2) of the Model Law 1985 does not place the
same restrictive constraints as do the English authorities in respect of the
circumstances in which the court may legitimately find that an arbitration
clause in one agreement has been incorporated by reference, into another
agreement.

…

34 … The question in general is one of construction: did the parties intend to
incorporate the arbitration in question by referring, in their contract, to it
or to a document containing it? In our judgment, the analysis of whether a
particular case is a “one contract” or a “two-contract” case as that notion
has developed in English law, while possibly useful in some aspects, is not
helpful for our purposes. It is ultimately a matter of contractual
interpretation; and in undertaking this exercise, as we held in _Zurich
Insurance_ , the task is one which must be done having regard to the context
and the objective circumstances attending the entry into the contract. As the
Judge rightly noted, “[b]e it incorporation or construction, the court is
always seeking to ascertain the parties’ objective intentions” (see the
Judgment at [48]).

[emphasis in original omitted]

36 For present purposes, in the light of the various statements in the
passages quoted above and the statements in _Larsen_ , in my view, our courts
are now likely to adopt a different approach to construction as compared to
Seagroatt J’s “presumption against taking bills of exchange into arbitration”.
To the learned judge, the presumption may be rebutted if there are clear words
in the arbitration clause to include claims involving the bill of exchange
contract like in the case of a dishonoured cheque.

Analysis and conclusions

37 With the above principles in mind, I now turn to the question of whether
these proceedings are “in respect of any matter which is the subject of the
agreement [to arbitrate]” (_ie_ , Art 20.1). This question is answered by
examining the true nature of the claim, the defences and the cross claims
raised in the arguments.

38 Generally, Piallo’s claim on the dishonoured Cheques and Yafriro’s cross-
claim for damages for breach of the Distributorship Agreement arose out of the
“same incident” in the sense that the circumstances that led to the Cheques
being handed over to Piallo _after_ the termination of the Distributorship
Agreement had to do with the understanding reached between the parties
following their negotiations on the same (see [4] above). In this type of
situation, it is not difficult to accept that it was the intention of parties
that such claims arising out of the same incident be resolved by the same
process, that is, by arbitration alone rather than by arbitration and
litigation for different disputes. Furthermore, as will be explained in due
course, in this case, the resolution of the contractual issue (_ie_ , the
cross claims) is necessary for a decision on the bill of exchange issue, so
that it can be said that the contractual issue and the bill of exchange issue
are so closely connected together on the facts that an agreement to arbitrate
on one can properly be construed as covering the other given the sufficiently
wide and general words chosen in Art 20.1, which was, in any case, Piallo’s
own standard clause. As Longmore LJ said in _Fiona Trust (CA)_ (at [17]):

If businessmen go to the trouble of agreeing that their disputes be heard in
the courts of a particular country or by a tribunal of their choice they do
not expect (at any rate when they are making the contract in the first place)
that time and expense will be taken in lengthy argument about the nature of
particular causes of action and whether any particular cause of action comes
within the meaning of the particular phrase they have chosen in their
arbitration clause. If any businessman did want to exclude disputes about the
validity of a contract, it would be comparatively simple to say so.

39 Likewise, if a cause of action under a bill of exchange is to be excluded
(and it must not be forgotten that claims on cheques must have been
contemplated by the parties given Yafriro’s obligation to buy and sell
deLaCour products for its own account (Art 3), keep a stock of products at its
own expenses (Art 13) and to observe the payment terms (Art 6) under the
Distributorship Agreement), it would have to be expressly stated, and this was
not the case in Art 20.1.

40 Moreover, based on the evidence before me, if the present proceedings were
not stayed, Yafriro would at the very least raise the defence of estoppel to
the claim on the dishonoured Cheques and a cross claim for damages for
misrepresentation that would exceed the amount of the dishonoured
Cheques.[note: 9] More importantly, all these issues (estoppel and
misrepresentation) were intricately tied up with the circumstances surrounding
the performance of and negotiations over the Distributorship Agreement (see
[38] above).

Estoppel

41 The defence of estoppel was raised by Yafriro in its written submissions
and at the hearing proper. Mr Sim on behalf of Yafriro argued that Piallo
could not sue on the dishonoured Cheques when Piallo had accepted the
countermand and the parties were arranging for the issuance of fresh cheques
(see [7] above).

42 As explained in _Bills of Exchange and Bankers’ Documentary Credits_
(William Hedley & Richard Hedley) (LLP, 4th Ed, 2001) (at para 5.29), a
claimant on a bill of exchange may be estopped from asserting his rights on
the same which, by his conduct, he has led someone to believe will not be
enforced:

So that if a holder of a bill of exchange either expressly, or by implication,
leads the drawer, or any other party to the bill, to believe the bill will not
be enforced (and the other party relies on that belief to his detriment) …
[t]he holder will be estopped thereafter from making any claim on the bill.

43 Yafriro’s case is that the Cheques were issued pursuant to the parties’
dealings under the Distributorship Agreement as explained above. In contrast,
Mr Doraisamy argued that the Cheques were for 51 purchases that were invoiced
to Yafriro from May to December 2012 and they were entirely separate
transactions, and had nothing to do with the Distributorship Agreement. I was
not persuaded that the purchases could be divorced from the Distributorship
Agreement.

44 It was not disputed that the Cheques were given _after_ the purported
termination of the Distributorship Agreement. Prior to the termination,
Yafriro was already unhappy with Piallo for allegedly breaching the terms of
the Distributorship Agreement in early 2012 when the latter collaborated with
a Singapore entity to launch and distribute a special edition Lamborghini
deLaCour timepiece in Singapore. In further breach of the Distributorship
Agreement, Piallo permitted the same Singapore entity to open a boutique at
the Mandarin Gallery, Singapore, to market and sell deLaCour products. In late
2012, Piallo again purportedly breached the Distributorship Agreement when it
established a distributorship platform in Singapore under a third party called
Delacour Asia Pacific Pte Ltd which was incorporated on 5 November 2012,[note:
10] and Yafriro was required to deal with this intermediary. Against this
backdrop of purported breaches and, above all, the premature termination of
the Distributorship Agreement, there would have had to be a compelling
commercial/business reason for Yafriro to voluntarily hand over 15 post-dated
Cheques to pay off its debts; and to Yafriro, that reason was the
understanding the parties had reached on continuing their business
relationship. This understanding was alluded to in the April letter (see [4]
above).

45 Mr Doraisamy said that there was no agreement to accept fresh cheques.
Piallo’s e-mail on 10 January 2013 agreed to the return of the countermanded
Cheques dated March and April 2013 if Yafriro would issue fresh cheques for a
total amount of CHF244,503.45 in favour of Piallo (see [7] above). As it
turned out, Piallo never received any fresh cheques. Mr Sim nonetheless argued
that the evidence indicated that Piallo who had earlier sold the Cheques to
its bank did re-negotiate with its bank for the return of the Cheques
following Yafriro’s countermand, and that indicated that Piallo had accepted
the countermand, and that the parties were arranging for the issuance of fresh
cheques. Mr Sim submitted that arguably, in these circumstances, Piallo was
estopped from suing on the dishonoured Cheques.[note: 11]

46 Despite the opposing views of counsel, it is not for this court in a stay
application to assess the genuineness or merits of the defence; this is a
matter for the arbitrator to decide (see _Tjong_ at [69(e)]). For present
purposes, Mr Sim’s contentions that the facts gave rise to an estoppel would
have arisen directly from the Distributorship Agreement as they concerned the
re-negotiation of payment terms for goods supplied under that agreement, as
well as the continuation of the existing contractual relationship between the
parties (see the narrative in the April letter at [4] above). It follows that
the defence of estoppel here is related to the subject of the arbitration
agreement, since it arose out of or in connection with the Distributorship
Agreement.

Misrepresentation

47 In _Safa Ltd v Banque du Caire_ [2000] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 600, the plaintiff
sought to claim summarily amounts due under two letters of credit opened by
the defendant bank. Notably, a letter of credit was viewed there (at 605) as
being similar to a bill of exchange insofar as both were seen as equivalent to
cash. The bank resisted summary judgment by arguing, _inter alia_ , that the
original beneficiary of the letters of credit had made misrepresentations to
the bank when persuading it to open the letters of credit. Waller LJ, with
whom the other judges agreed, held in favour of the bank, saying that a real
prospect of success of the misrepresentation cross-claim was established (at
608 and 610).

48 In this case, the April letter stated that Yafriro had issued the post-
dated Cheques because it had been “ _misled to believe_ that [Piallo] would
continue to honour their obligations for the remaining term of the
[Distributorship Agreement] and there was a consensus on the arrangement
moving forward” [emphasis added].[note: 12] This showed that Yafriro was
alleging a misrepresentation on Piallo’s part. It was even clearer that the
circumstances relating to the misrepresentation issue were predicated entirely
on the negotiations on and performance of the Distributorship Agreement
“moving forward”. In my view, the claim of misrepresentation which Yafriro
indicated it might raise (including the defence of estoppel) was inextricably
linked with the subject matter of these legal proceedings, that is to say, the
surrounding circumstances that led to the issuance of the post-dated Cheques
arose out of or in connection with the Distributorship Agreement.

49 For these reasons, I was of the view that the subject matter of this action
fell within the scope of Art 20.1.

Was there a dispute in the present case which was referable to arbitration?

50 It is clear from the conclusion reached on the first issue that there was a
dispute between the parties that had to be settled by arbitration as
prescribed in Art 20.1. As mentioned, Art 20.1 states that “[a]ny _dispute_
arising out of or in connection with the present contract shall be settled
under the rules of Arbitration of the ICC Paris by one arbitrator” [emphasis
added]. Both parties cited _Tjong_ (at [69]) for the proposition that the word
“dispute” in the context of an arbitration agreement should be interpreted
broadly, and that the existence of a dispute would be readily found unless in
the case the defendant unequivocally admitted that a claim was due and
payable, and his failure to pay was really due to an inability to pay (at
[59]). I make two points. First, the Cheques were stopped because of the
alleged misrepresentation, and second, Mr Sim reminded that the court is not
required to examine whether there is “in fact” a dispute or a genuine dispute:
see _Tjong_ at [49].

51 Piallo submitted that Yafriro _had_ made an unequivocal admission of
liability and quantum in the present case as evidenced by the 15 post-dated
Cheques in part payment in favour of Piallo. Although Yafriro later
countermanded the Cheques, even after this countermand Yafriro expressed a
willingness to pay Piallo a sum of CHF50,000 “within the last week of each
month, starting from January 2013, as payment against outstanding amounts due”
(see Mr Hew’s letter dated 8 January 2013 at [6] above). In its submissions
Piallo relied heavily on a decision from Hong Kong, _Getwick Engineers Ltd v
Pilecon Engineering Ltd_ [2002] HKCFI 189 (“ _Getwick_ ”).

52 The facts of _Getwick_ were not particularly difficult. The defendant had
employed the plaintiff as its sub-contractor in respect of some construction
work to be carried out. Initially the defendant did not pay certain amounts to
the plaintiff, but the defendant later issued three post-dated cheques to the
plaintiff. The first two were honoured, while the third was dishonoured. The
plaintiff sued on the dishonoured cheque. Geoffrey Ma J (as he then was)
granted the claim, holding (at [26(4)]) that the dishonoured cheque was:

_… to be regarded as a clear and unequivocal admission on the defendant’s part
of its liability and quantum (in that amount) under payment certificates._
This cheque was issued following the 28 April letter … It was one of three
cheques sent to the plaintiff by the defendant as an acknowledgement of its
liability under payment certificates which had been issued to the plaintiff …
In reaching this conclusion, I have borne in mind that cheques are to be
regarded as cash and save in exceptional circumstances, no set off or
counterclaim will be permitted … Two of the three cheques have been honoured.
I see no reason why the third cheque should not be seen in the same light. _I
have not been referred to any case in which a cheque or bill of exchange has
been regarded as constituting a clear and unequivocal admission of liability
and quantum, but in principle, I do not see why it cannot be so regarded._
[emphasis added]

This passage above was cited by the Court of Appeal in _Tjong_ (at [57]),
where the court agreed with Ma J’s “robust approach in assessing the effect of
dishonoured cheques _in such limited circumstances_ ” [emphasis added].

53 While _Getwick_ may support the proposition that a cheque may constitute a
clear and unequivocal admission of liability and quantum, it does _not_
provide a conclusive answer to the question whether there was a “dispute”.
First, the Court of Appeal in _Tjong_ expressly confined its approval of
_Getwick_ as an “obvious” case where the cheque constituted an admission of
liability and quantum seen in the light of the limited circumstances of the
case (_Tjong_ at [59]). Notably, the Court of Appeal in _Tjong_ was not
focussing in any way on the question whether claims on bills of exchange
should or should not be taken into arbitration. Second, regard must also be
had to the holding in _Tjong_ (at [62]) that even if a defendant makes an
admission _but later purports to deny the claim on the ground that the
admission was mistaken, fraudulently obtained or never made_ , then there
might well be a dispute before the court, both over the substantive claim as
well as over whether the defendant could challenge the alleged earlier
admission, and the matter should ordinarily be referred to arbitration.

54 Even accepting here that the Cheques were initially a clear and unequivocal
admission of Piallo’s claim, the circumstances before and after the Cheques
were issued showed that Yafriro subsequently _denied_ the claim.

55 First, Yafriro’s letter dated 8 January 2013 clearly referred to a dispute
over Piallo’s alleged “unexpected and premature alteration” to the
Distributorship Agreement (see [6] above). Yafriro claimed in the letter that
this alteration had resulted in significant damage to its sales and
credibility, “making the payment schedule highly impossible” (see also the
narrative in the April letter at [4] above). Thus any clear and unequivocal
admission of a claim as represented by the Cheques had by now been
_contradicted_ by Yafriro’s averment that it had countermanded the Cheques
because of Piallo’s unilateral alteration to the Distributorship Agreement. At
the very least there was a dispute over whether the Cheques had been rightly
countermanded by Yafriro, which, following _Tjong_ , is a dispute that should
be referred to arbitration.

56 Second, in response to Piallo’s letters of demand, Yafriro’s lawyers stated
on 8 March 2013 that Yafriro was justified in countermanding the Cheques owing
to the following conduct on Piallo’s part:[note: 13]

(a) Piallo’s failure to supply the deLaCour products ordered by Yafriro, a
breach under Art 6.1 of the Distributorship Agreement;

(b) Piallo entering into an agreement with a third party allowing the latter
to distribute deLaCour products, a breach of Arts 1 and 14 of the
Distributorship Agreement giving Yafriro the exclusive right to market,
distribute and sell deLaCour products; and

(c) Piallo’s decision not to proceed with the opening of a deLaCour boutique
in Singapore, which caused Yafriro to breach its obligation under Art 4.2 of
the Distributorship Agreement to open a mono-brand boutique.

In addition, the matters outlined in [44] above are relevant to Yafriro’s
decision to countermand the Cheques.

57 I am not concerned at this juncture with the validity of the allegations in
[56] above, although the fact that they were made did show at the very least
that Yafriro believed it had grounds for not paying Piallo. There was clearly
a dispute surrounding Yafriro’s reasons for countermanding payment under the
Cheques.

Conclusion

58 For all the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal with costs fixed at
S$6,500. Piallo was granted liberty to apply to lift the stay of proceedings
after the arbitral tribunal ruled on its own jurisdiction.

* * *

[note: 1]Hew Kim Choong’s 1st Affidavit, 9/5/13, p 89.

[note: 2]Hew Kim Choong’s 1st Affidavit, 9/5/13, pp 89–90.

[note: 3]Alfred Terzibachian’s 1st Affidavit, 28/5/13, paras 8, 12 and 13.

[note: 4]Hew Kim Choong’s 1st Affidavit, 9/5/13, p 82.

[note: 5]Hew Kim Choong’s 1st Affidavit, 9/5/13, p 39.

[note: 6]Hew Kim Choong’s 1st Affidavit, 9/5/13, p 42.

[note: 7]Hew Kim Choong’s 2nd Affidavit, 14/6/13, p 33.

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s written submissions, 30/8/13, paras 6, 52 and 81.

[note: 9]Hew Kim Choong’s 1st Affidavit, 9/5/13, p 84.

[note: 10]Hew Kim Choong’s 2nd Affidavit, 14/6/13, p 69.

[note: 11]Defendant’s written submissions, 30/8/13, paras 40 and 41.

[note: 12]Hew Kim Choong’s 1st Affidavit, 9/5/13, pp 89–90.

[note: 13]Hew Kim Choong’s 1st Affidavit, 9/5/13, pp 82–84.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

