Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Daniel John Brader and others _v_ Commerzbank AG  
[2013] SGHC 284

Case Number| :| Suit No 486 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lionel Yee JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kenneth Tan SC and Soh Wei Chi (Kenneth Tan Partnership)
for the plaintiffs; Lee Eng Beng SC, Lai Yew Fei and Alec Tan (Rajah & Tann
LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Daniel John Brader and others — Commerzbank AG  
  
7 January 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lionel Yee JC:

1 Are there circumstances in which an employee can have a legally enforceable
right to a bonus? That was the question that arose for decision in this case.
The Plaintiffs’ former employer had promised its employees that they would be
paid bonuses from a pool of funds that had been specifically set aside for
that purpose. The bonus that was eventually paid out did not accord with that
promise, and the Plaintiffs brought this action seeking to enforce it.

The Facts

The Parties

2 Dresdner Bank AG (“Dresdner Bank”) was at all material times a bank
incorporated in Germany. It had a Singapore branch (“DB Singapore”) and a
global investment banking division, which was not a separate legal entity,
known as Dresdner Kleinwort or DKIB. The Plaintiffs are 10 employees who
formerly worked in DB Singapore and within DKIB. Dresdner Bank was originally
a wholly owned subsidiary of Allianz SE (“Allianz”). However, it was sold and
became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Defendant, Commerzbank AG
(“Commerzbank”), from 12 January 2009. By operation of German law, all the
assets and liabilities of Dresdner Bank passed to Commerzbank. It is for that
reason that Commerzbank is the named Defendant in this suit.

The Witnesses

3 All of the Plaintiffs gave evidence in court. In addition, they relied
heavily on the evidence of Dr Stefan Jentzsch, who was formerly a member of
the Management Board of Dresdner Bank (“the Management Board”) and the Chief
Executive Officer (“CEO”) of DKIB.

4 The Defendant in turn put forward four witnesses:

(a) Michael Paul Reuther, a member of the Commerzbank’s Board who took over as
CEO of DKIB from 12 January 2009;

(b) Joerg Hessenmueller, formerly the Global Head of Financial Control of DKIB
and the Head of the Finance Department of the Investment Banking Division of
the Commerzbank Group from 12 January 2009;

(c) Helmut Merkel, General Counsel for Dresdner Bank until May 2009; and

(d) Lee Lay Hoon, an employee of DB Singapore working in the Human Resources
(“HR”) Department.

Background

The payment of discretionary bonuses by DKIB

5 Before going into the material events, it is useful to set out the usual
process by which DKIB issued discretionary bonuses for context. The 1st to 9th
Plaintiffs’ respective employment contracts stated that, “The Bank pays a
Performance Variable Bonus at its discretion.”[note: 1] The 10th Plaintiff’s
employment contract stated, “As you are aware, the Bank makes discretionary
bonus awards and you will be eligible for consideration in early 2009 and
annually thereafter.”[note: 2] All of the Plaintiffs’ employment contracts
provided that the terms of their employment would be governed by the terms and
conditions in the prevailing Employee Handbook.[note: 3] The Employee Handbook
included the following clause:[note: 4]

**Variable Bonus**

The Bank has a performance variable bonus plan to award bonuses to deserving
employees at the end of each financial year. The bonuses are granted at the
Bank’s sole discretion and are subject to the Bank’s financial performance and
the individual’s performance for the financial year. Bonus payment is usually
made within the first quarter of the following year.

6 Accruals were made for a bonus pool in Dresdner Bank’s accounts on a monthly
basis from the start of the financial year.[note: 5] The amount accrued could
be increased or decreased during the year and the final bonus pool could be a
different amount from the sum of the 12 months’ accrual.[note: 6] The fact
that accruals for bonuses were made on a monthly basis in the accounts did not
mean that there was a segregated pool of money set aside in a special account
for bonus payments as these accruals were merely book entries.[note: 7]
However, the bonus accruals would be communicated to staff members throughout
the year, and they would therefore be aware of fluctuations in the bonus
pool.[note: 8]

7 The CEO of DKIB would negotiate an overall bonus pool with the CEO of
Dresdner Bank. These negotiations would be influenced by a parallel process
between the CEO of DKIB and his direct subordinates as to how much of a bonus
pool they were requesting for their respective divisions. A similar process
would be repeated down the hierarchy, ending with that between line managers
and the individuals in their teams. These figures would be added up and
communicated up the line to the CEO’s direct subordinates, who would then
lobby the CEO for their division’s share of the overall bonus pool.[note: 9]
Once the overall bonus pool was approved by the CEO of Dresdner Bank, the CEO
of DKIB would then decide how to allocate that pool among his direct
subordinates, with the process again repeated down the line.[note: 10]

8 Even after the overall bonus pool had been decided and approved for DKIB and
a pool had been allocated to each of the divisions, the CEO of DKIB could
still reallocate the pool among the divisions if he wished to do so. This was
to accommodate uncertainties in any of the businesses and the economy.
Further, a contingent amount of about 3-5% of the overall pool was usually
kept so that the CEO of DKIB could deal with _ad hoc_ requests for bonuses
without having to reallocate money among the divisions. If no such
contingencies materialised, the unused amount would be retained by Dresdner
Bank.[note: 11] During the time that Dr Jentzsch was the CEO of DKIB, the
final bonus pool was usually decided in November or December and the day on
which the bonus awarded to individual employees was made known to them (known
colloquially as “Letter Day”) was in December.[note: 12]

The material facts

9 I now turn to the background of these proceedings. I will set out as much of
the facts as are necessary to enable the parties’ cases to be understood.
However, the details will be canvassed more extensively together with the
discussion of the issues that arise for decision below.

10 In March 2008, Michael Diekmann, the Chairman of the Dresdner Bank
Supervisory Board (“the Supervisory Board”) and the CEO of Allianz announced
to the Supervisory Board that Allianz had decided to separate Dresdner Bank’s
investment banking and commercial banking businesses as a prelude to exiting
the investment banking business, either by selling DKIB, dramatically reducing
the size of DKIB’s operations, or by winding DKIB down. This decision was
subsequently made public.[note: 13] The Plaintiffs asserted that the employees
of DKIB feared for the future of their careers at DKIB as new owners were not
likely to retain existing personnel and there would be no work for them if
DKIB were to be wound down.[note: 14] In his AEIC, Dr Jentzsch explained that
employees were becoming increasingly restless in April and May 2008 given the
uncertainty over their future and expected lay-offs, with morale and
motivation deteriorating rapidly.[note: 15] On 16 May 2008, he received an
email from Eddie Listorti, the Head of Fixed Income Currency and Commodities
(“FICC”), which listed 10 individuals who had resigned and a further four who
had resigned but who had been persuaded subsequently to stay.[note: 16] It
also named the individuals in the foreign exchange options trading, interest
rates and sales teams who were at risk of leaving DKIB. Eddie Listorti
proposed the following solution:

I strongly believe we need to stop the interviewing [between employees and
prospective employers] and talent drain and keep staff focused on performance…
The most obvious solution is securing a bonus pool at FICC Sales & Trading
level, conditional on achieving a target (which is actually higher than the
budget and higher than last year’s revenues/residual income). This way it
encourages staff to focus on producing and getting paid on production.

11 Dr Jentzsch in turn raised these concerns with Mr Diekmann, Dr Helmut
Perlet (Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of Allianz), Dr Herbert Walter, Wulf
Meier and Klaus Rosenfeld (who were the CEO, Head of Human Resources and CFO
of Dresdner Bank respectively). In an email dated 16 May 2008, he said:[note:
17]

As I have already informed you in the past two weeks, there has been a growing
wave of notices of termination, in particular in the Fixed Income, Currencies
& Commodities Division, in all three areas (Trading, Sales and Quantitative
Analysis/Modelling). Employees are moving either individually or in teams,
above all to Goldman Sachs, Citigroup and Unicredit/HVB, lastly involving four
out of the five employees of the Analysis Team. Furthermore, we know that a
majority of the employees are going for interviews with competitors and a
substantial number of employees have requested a meeting under the key word
“Resignation”.

In the event of further notices of termination, _we will shortly no longer be
in the position to manage the risks in the various accounts, let alone achieve
trading revenues_. …

I am very aware that you have issued the “No Retention” motto. Strict
adherence to this guideline, however, will lead to the _collapse of this
business in just a few weeks_ and it will be extremely difficult for us to
reconstruct this. I don’t need to point out the consequences on the current
sales efforts, at least as far as evaluation issues are concerned.

…

In order to at least have a chance to prevent the threatening (employee)
migrations, I would like to promise FICC on the whole, that for example, if
they achieve revenues of €780 million, €40 million more than laid down in the
budget, and €90 million more compared to last year’s earnings, the bonus fund
for FICC will amount to at least €110 million. By comparison: the bonus fund
for FICC last year amounted to €102 million for revenues totalling €690
million. This will give the Employees at FICC the certainty of receiving an
acceptable bonus at the end of the year if objectives are reached and will
give us the flexibility of allocating individual bonuses based on performance
and also of allocating less on the whole, if the target of €740 is not
reached.

[emphasis added]

12 In July 2008, Dr Jentzsch was asked for an explanation for DKIB’s poor
performance in the second quarter of the year. One of the issues he cited
was:[note: 18]

Morale is generally low given the prolonged speculation about DKIB’s future,
causing employees to spend more time with lawyers, headhunters and colleagues
than clients. The effect is not quantifiable but deemed to be significant.

13 These were not merely internal concerns: the events at DKIB had attracted
the attention of the Financial Services Authority (“FSA”) in the United
Kingdom. On 23 May 2008, the FSA wrote to Dr Jentzsch to notify him of its
decision to place DKIB’s UK-regulated entities on the FSA’s Firm Watchlist,
which was one step short of having its banking licence revoked.[note: 19] The
FSA raised concerns about the planned restructuring of Dresdner Bank and the
destabilising effect this had. It noted the “continuing uncertainty among
management and staff could lead to a significant number of key individuals
leaving or becoming disaffected, which may pose a heightened risk to [DKIB]
where management acknowledge that resources are already stretched within
support functions”. The FSA said that it would consider removing DKIB from the
Firm Watchlist when, among other things, an “assessment of the key risks to
the UK operations has been completed, including the risk of the loss of key
staff and the mitigation plans [DKIB] has in place”. DKIB was required to
provide the FSA with its plan to address these issues by the end of June 2008.
Dr Jentzsch replied on 30 June 2008. He said:[note: 20]

With three months past since Allianz announced its intention to restructure
Dresdner Bank and to seek new owners in particular for the investment banking
business but aside from abundant press speculation no clarity about the future
direction on ownership, structure and business model, the risk of defections
has risen considerably. A retention program is therefore being discussed
internally as well as with Allianz, and we expect its terms to be finalised
shortly.

14 Dr Jentzsch explained that it was a broadly shared view among the senior
executives of Dresdner Bank and Allianz that the best way to keep employees
from leaving the bank and keep them motivated to do the best job possible
despite the fact that they had limited career prospects left at the bank was
to provide them with a financial incentive.[note: 21] He therefore formulated
a retention plan and cleared this with the Compensation Committees of Dresdner
Bank and Allianz as well as the Management Board.[note: 22] He also informed
key members of the senior management in Allianz and Dresdner Bank that he
would formally announce the plan to DKIB employees at a Business Update (also
known as a Town Hall Meeting) on 18 August 2008. By way of background,
Business Updates were monthly meetings during which Dr Jentzsch would inform
employees about DKIB’s business and major decisions taken.[note: 23] They
would usually be held in London or Frankfurt, with a live screening at the
other location as well as in New York City. Employees watching the Business
Update at any one of these locations could ask questions in real-time. In
addition, Business Updates were broadcast on DKIB’s intranet to allow any
employee, including those in Singapore, to listen in. Such employees could
send questions via email to a dedicated email address, and the questions would
be read to Dr Jentzsch by a member of the Internal Communications Department.
Employees were encouraged to attend Business Updates and they were publicised
in advance by email and pop-up reminders on computer screens in the week
leading up to the meeting.

15 As planned, Dr Jentzsch announced the retention plan to DKIB’s employees at
the Business Update on 18 August 2008 (“the 18 August Announcement”). The
precise content and the correct understanding of his announcement were
disputed by the parties and will be addressed below at [29]–[61]. However, it
was not disputed that statements to the following effect were made:[note: 24]

(a) there would be a minimum bonus pool of €400 million for 2008;

(b) this represented a reduction of approximately 25% from the bonus pool in
2007;

(c) there was potential for the size of the pool to be increased if certain
targets were exceeded; and

(d) the announcement did not give rise to individual guarantees and the pool
would be allocated on a discretionary basis by reference to individual
performance.

16 Subsequently, further statements were made by Dr Jentzsch in later Business
Updates and by the HR Department of DKIB in intranet postings that were
consistent with the 18 August Announcement (see [40]–[42] and [99] below). Dr
Jentzsch also initiated what he termed an “information cascade”, directing
employees in supervisory roles to ensure that their subordinates understood
the 18 August Announcement and to reiterate that a minimum bonus pool had been
set aside. He explained that the minimum bonus pool was unique and that he
wanted to ensure that his announcement was “emphasized, understood and relied
upon by everyone”, so that the bonus pool’s purpose of stabilising DKIB could
be achieved.[note: 25] In the meantime, it was announced that the whole of
Dresdner Bank would be sold to the Defendant by 1 January 2009.[note: 26]

17 On 21 October 2008, Mark Hindle, DKIB’s Head of HR announced via email that
Letter Day would be 19 December 2008 and that the bonuses announced would be
paid in full with January salaries through the January payroll.[note: 27]
Reference was also made to the bonus pool and the employees were reminded that
individual bonus awards continued to be discretionary and determined by the
relevant management.

18 On 19 December 2008, a letter was sent to all DKIB employees who were
eligible to be considered for discretionary bonuses, including the Plaintiffs
(“the 19 December Letter”). This stated:[note: 28]

Dear [employee],

A discretionary bonus for 2008 under the arrangements given below has been
provisionally awarded at

EUR [amount] (gross)

_The provisional bonus award stated above is subject to review in the event
that additional material deviations in [DKIB’s] revenue and earnings, as
against the forecast for the months of November and December 2008, are
identified during preparation of the annual financial statements for 2008 i.e.
that [DKIB’s] earnings position does not deteriorate materially in this
period. This will be reviewed in January 2009 by Stefan Jentzsch. In the event
that such additional material deviations are identified, the Company reserves
the right to review the provisional award and, if necessary, to reduce the
provisional award._

Bonuses are awarded subject to statutory withholding deductions as required by
law.

You will receive a detailed statement confirming your final bonus award in
local currency in February 2009. This will be paid together with your salary
in the February 2009 payroll.

[emphasis added]

19 The parties referred to the italicised paragraph as the material adverse
change (“MAC”) clause. The inclusion of the MAC clause came as a surprise to
the Plaintiffs and other DKIB employees as they had been expecting a final,
rather than provisional, bonus award.[note: 29] On the same day, Dr Jentzsch
explained the import of the MAC clause at a Business Update:[note: 30]

… there’s one deviation from the commitments that we’ve made before, and while
the total bonus pool for [DKIB] has been kept at 400 million, the letters
distributed today are not telling you what your bonus number will definitely
be but what you can expect it to be, subject to the review of the financial
performance by DKIB for the full year. A sentence has been added in the
letters stating that the final calculation of the bonus numbers will be
provisional upon no material deterioration in [DKIB’s] financial performance
for 2008 from that currently forecasted. …

… as the letters say, the final review will be done by me or under my
leadership in January 2009…

… while the determination of the individual bonus number is a fully
discretionary process, as you know, the calculation of any adjustment would
have to be based upon a demonstrably material deterioration in [DKIB’s]
financial performance in 2008 from that as currently forecasted. In addition,
any change in the individual award would have to take into account not only
the deterioration but all the other factors determining individual
compensation.

20 On 18 February 2009, Martin Blessing and Eric Strutz, the CEO and CFO of
the Defendant respectively, sent an email to all Dresdner Bank employees
noting the difficulties faced by both the Defendant and Dresdner Bank over the
past year and announcing that no bonuses would be paid for 2008.[note: 31]
This was followed shortly after by an email from Mr Reuther to all DKIB
employees announcing that the provisional bonus awards issued on 19 December
2008 would be reduced by 90% pro rata.[note: 32]

The Parties’ Cases

21 The Plaintiffs brought this action seeking either the balance 90% of the
bonuses declared in the 19 December Letter or, alternatively, damages. They
also asked for interest on the aforementioned sums and for costs to be awarded
to them.[note: 33] The Plaintiffs’ brought their claim on three bases.

22 First, the Plaintiffs contended that Dr Jentzsch and other senior employees
of the Defendant had made contractually binding promises between August 2008
and January 2009 that there was in existence a bonus pool with a guaranteed
minimum of €400 million that would be paid out regardless of DKIB’s financial
performance. The Defendant was obliged to pay the Plaintiffs their bonus as
declared in the 19 December Letter, and its failure to do so was a breach of
its contractually binding promises to the Plaintiffs.[note: 34] In contrast,
the Defendant asserted that none of the statements relied upon by the
Plaintiffs were intended, or could reasonably be taken as intended, to create
legal relations.[note: 35] Moreover, even if any of these statements
constituted an offer capable of acceptance, the Defendant denied that there
was acceptance, consideration or sufficient certainty to give rise to
contractual rights. Further, the Defendant asserted that the 18 August
Announcement stipulated that the minimum bonus pool of €400 million was
conditional upon DKIB achieving revenues of €2,327.5 million in 2008.[note:
36] DKIB did not achieve revenues of €2,327.5 million in 2008.

23 Second, the Plaintiffs contended that the Defendant’s failure to pay their
2008 bonuses in full in accordance with its promises to them was perverse,
arbitrary, capricious or inequitable.[note: 37] Alternatively, they contend
that it was a breach of the Defendant’s implied duty to behave in a way that
preserved the trust and confidence that an employee should have in his
employer.[note: 38] As will be seen below, the Plaintiffs’ emphasis was on the
latter allegation, with the former receiving little attention in the
submissions. The Defendant responded by noting that it and Dresdner Bank had
acted reasonably and with proper cause in the light of the difficulties and
losses they were facing at the time, which were communicated to the employees
in Martin Blessing and Eric Strutz’s email of 18 February 2009.[note: 39]

24 Third, the Plaintiffs contended that Dresdner Bank was bound by the MAC
clause. As the requirements of the clause for altering the quantum of the
provisional bonuses were not met, the Defendant was in breach in rescinding
the declared bonuses.[note: 40] The Defendant denied that the 19 December
Letter or the MAC clause gave rise to any legally enforceable
obligations.[note: 41] In any event, the Defendant said that the MAC clause
was complied with.[note: 42] The Defendant accordingly denied that the
Plaintiffs were entitled to any compensation.

My Decision

25 I will address each of the Plaintiffs’ causes of action in turn. As an
aside, I note that similar proceedings have been initiated against the
Defendant by its former employees over the same subject matter in various
other jurisdictions. Most pertinently, one such set of proceedings was heard
before the High Court of England and Wales (_Attrill & Others v Dresdner
Kleinwort Limited & Another_ [2012] EWHC 1189 (QB) (“ _Attrill (HC)_ ”)) and
the Court of Appeal (_Dresdner Kleinwort Limited & Another v Richard Attrill &
Ors_ [2013] EWCA Civ 394 (“ _Attrill (CA)_ ”)) (collectively, “the UK
proceedings”). The claims advanced by the employees in those proceedings
having been upheld. Mr Kenneth Tan SC, the Plaintiffs’ counsel, referred to
the findings made in the English courts to buttress his arguments. However,
the evidence before me was not identical to that raised elsewhere and
Singapore law is solely a matter for our courts to decide. It was with that in
mind that I heard such submissions.

The contractual effect of the 18 August Announcement and subsequent
communications

26 The Plaintiffs’ first argument was that their pre-existing contractual
right to a discretionary bonus was augmented by the 18 August Announcement
alone or in combination with the other statements made by DKIB after 18 August
2008. In this regard, their argument took two alternative forms. The first was
that the 18 August Announcement was a unilateral but binding variation by
Dresdner Bank of their terms of employment pursuant to the following clause in
their Employee Handbook:[note: 43]

**Variation of Terms and Conditions**

The terms and conditions of this handbook may be amended at any time and from
time to time, at the Bank’s sole discretion.

27 However, I am not persuaded that this applies to the current facts. Without
expressing a view on the precise contours of this clause, I note that it is
unlikely to extend to such weighty matters as remuneration, having regard to
the fact that it vests great discretion in Dresdner Bank and variations
pursuant to this clause could be to the detriment as much as they could be to
the benefit of employees. In my view, that clause is more likely to apply to
routine matters of administration, with which the Employee Handbook is largely
concerned. While a similar argument premised on a variation clause contained
in the UK employee handbook found favour before the English courts, the
provisions of that variation clause were not identical to that in the present
case and it is unclear if the considerations I have articulated were fully
canvassed before the English courts. This is yet another reason why the
analysis in the decisions rendered there does not necessarily have a bearing
on the case before me.

28 The second form of the Plaintiffs’ argument, which I will consider in
detail, was that the 18 August Announcement gave rise to a separate contract
between themselves and Dresdner Bank. In contrast, the Defendant’s case was
that the 18 August Announcement communicated merely a management decision by
the Dresdner Bank Board which could be reviewed or revised as circumstances
required. It did not vary the Plaintiffs’ contracts of employment or
constitute a separate contract between the Defendant and the Plaintiffs. The
Defendant denied that any of the elements necessary for a valid contract to
arise existed. Accordingly, I will consider each of these elements in turn to
determine whether the Plaintiffs have proven the existence of a valid contract
arising from the 18 August Announcement. However, before addressing those
issues, it is first necessary to ascertain what was said by Dr Jentzsch.

The contents of the 18 August Announcement

29 No recording or written transcript of Dr Jenzsch’s 18 August Announcement
was kept. This was DKIB’s usual practice, as commercially sensitive
information was often shared during Business Updates.[note: 44] The parties
relied on several pieces of contemporaneous evidence:

(a) an email sent by Dr Jentzsch on 11 August 2008 setting out what he planned
to say on 18 August 2008;

(b) slides used at a presentation during a meeting of the Management Board on
12 August 2008;

(c) minutes taken at the meeting on 12 August 2008; and

(d) brief handwritten notes taken by one Louise Beeson and one Emma Bryant at
the Business Update itself.

30 The email on 11 August 2008 was addressed to Mr Diekmann, Dr Perlet, Dr
Walter and Mr Rosenfeld. It read:[note: 45]

Parallel to the publication of the half year figures, I would like to announce
the agreement on the minimum bonus pool. It is my suggestion that (i) we
formally decide on the granting of a minimum pool as well as the incentive
pool with the Board of Dresdner Bank tomorrow and keep a record as discussed
in PSD and (ii) that I only announce this decision within the framework of my
next Business Update on 8/18. I would notify the members of ExCo shortly
beforehand, so that they can put a positive spin on this decision through the
information cascade after the Business Update. I would keep the information in
the Business Update concise and present it in the following way:

“The Firm’s and Allianz senior leadership have recognized the importance of
providing certain financial assurances to the employees [of] Dresdner
Kleinwort in these times of continued speculation over Dresdner Kleinwort’s
future. As a result it was decided that the minimum bonus pool payable to
Dresdner Kleinwort employees will be € 400 million. This number is approx. 25%
lower than the like-for-like bonus pool was in 2007, which in my view is a
very generous gesture compared to both the performance of the business and the
accrual rate of our competitors.

Please note that this is not an individual guarantee and that the allocation
of the pool to individuals is still discretionary and will be done according
to individual performance.

In addition we have agreed that there will be an incentive pool available to
Dresdner Kleinwort employees. A baseline revenue number of € 2,327.5 million
has been established which in effect is the sum of the revenue budgets of
those businesses not affected by [the] subprime crises. Of any Euro of
additional revenues over and above that baseline 40 Cents will be added to the
revenue pool.

The “Incentive Pool” however is subject to strict adherence to our risk
guidelines. We will not tolerate any deviation from our target of
significantly improving our risk-return-profile and our client franchise. The
fact that we pegged the Incentive Pool to revenues instead of residual income
is solely in order to keep the formula simple and transparent.”

I will certainly elaborate the last two points in the Update, but will remain
within reasonable bounds.

31 The Defendant had admitted in the English proceedings that (save that it
had to be proved that Dr Jentzsch had said that the amount of any bonuses
would be dependent on individual performance) the content of the 18 August
Announcement was as set out in this email.[note: 46] Mr Reuther confirmed that
the Defendant made the same admission in the present proceedings.[note: 47]
The Defendant can therefore be taken to be of the view that this email was
reliable evidence of the content of the 18 August Announcement.

32 The material parts of the slides used at the meeting of the Management
Board stated:[note: 48]

Formulation/Agreement and communication of the 2008 Bonus Pool for DKIB:

Formulating/Agreeing the Pool

-We propose that for 2008 a de minimus (sic) pool of €400m (75% of 2007) be set aside for DKIB

-This base case cash pool is set off of the base revenues of €2.327bn

-The revenues are “credit crunch neutral” and for ease of measurement and tracking, they are based off of the following business lines which are not impacted by the credit market crisis:

o Global banking in its entirety (incl Principal Investments)

o FICC, Global Equities, Equity Derivatives & Agency Lending only in Capital
Markets

-In order to provide some incentivisation to DKIB over and above the base revenues a simple payout ratio of 40 cents for Euro 1 of revenue is proposed to be added to the bonus pool over and above the base case.

33 Minutes of this meeting were taken by Mr Merkel. The material parts
read:[note: 49]

Stefan Jentzsch explains the need to define a 2008 bonus pool for DKIB. A
minimum bonus pool, which should be announced in the coming week, is needed to
ensure employee stability. All risk policies must be strictly observed in
order to prevent the pool [from] being “generated” by taking excessive risks.
The minimum pool should be guaranteed and allocated on a discretionary basis.
Revenues of EUR 2,327.5 million formed the basis for a cash pool of EUR 400
million, with corresponding increases.

…

The Board approves the preparation and communication of the 2008 bonus pools
for DKIB as presented by Stefan Jentzsch.

34 Ms Beeson’s handwritten notes taken during the 18 August Announcement
stated as follows:[note: 50]

3\. Compensation – long debate already. We management committee of DK,
Dresdner Bank, also Allianz approve

\- minimum bonus pool guaranteed for DK – 400 m down 25% last year – quite
generous vs competitors – it is minimum, upside to deliver more

-two caveats:

(i) it’s not an individual guarantee – it will be allocated according to
performance – not an invitation to put your feet up –it’s a call to go out
there and perform

(ii) Subject to us sticking to risk guidelines – undue risk taking will not be
rewarded

35 In response to a question about whether the bonus pool would be affected by
a sale of DKIB or in negotiations with a potential investor[note: 51], Ms
Beeson’s notes recorded Dr Jentzsch responding as follows:

Bonus pool of – reason is to take away uncertainty – change of ownership
should happen by year end – up to us to up the number accounts to perform but
that number will remain no matter what – not a subject for negotiation.

36 Ms Bryant recorded the 18 August Announcement thus:[note: 52]

This bonus pool 400m€ = 25% down on 2007

\- Another 40 cents for passing aggregate revenue

\- Not an individual guarantee of 25% reduction

\- Will allocate on discretionary basis according to performance

\- Subject to sticking to risk guidelines

37 As noted above at [15], it was not disputed that statements to the
following effect were made:[note: 53]

(a) there would be a minimum bonus pool of €400 million for 2008;

(b) this represented a reduction of approximately 25% from the bonus pool in
2007;

(c) there was potential for the size of the pool to be increased if certain
targets were exceeded; and

(d) the announcement did not give rise to individual guarantees and the pool
would be allocated on a discretionary basis by reference to individual
performance.

38 However, the parties joined issue on three points. First, the Plaintiffs
claimed that Dr Jentzsch had made statements to the effect that the “minimum
cash pool, of 400 million Euro, was guaranteed”.[note: 54] In contrast the
Defendant said that what was in fact announced was Allianz’s agreement to
guarantee to make available to DKIB a pool of €400 million from which bonuses
would be paid had been secured.[note: 55] Second, the Defendant contended that
Dr Jentzsch had said that the existence of the €400 million cash pool was
conditional upon DKIB achieving baseline revenues of €2,327 billion for
2008.[note: 56] The Plaintiffs denied this. Third, the Plaintiffs contended
that the allocations out of the bonus pool would be decided according to
individual performance alone.[note: 57] However, the Defendant said that there
was nothing to suggest that DKIB intended to waive its right to determine an
individual’s bonus award according to its financial performance as well as the
individual’s performance as provided for in the employment contracts.[note:
58]

39 As regards the first issue, I accept that there was some communication
prior to 11 August 2008 about the bonus pool being guaranteed by Allianz. In
his AEIC, Dr Jentzsch said that he had informed the FSA that he would shortly
announce “a minimum bonus pool for DKIB to be guaranteed by Allianz, and that
certain key individuals would also get guaranteed bonuses”.[note: 59] The
minutes of a Management Board meeting held on 5 August 2008 also recorded Dr
Jentzsch saying that the pool was to be “at the expense of … Allianz” and that
he had told the FSA that the announcement was to be “a minimum bonus pool for
DKIB to be guaranteed by Allianz”.[note: 60] However, in my judgment, although
the word “guaranteed” was likely to have been used by Dr Jentzsch in his 18
August Announcement, it is unlikely that he said that it was guaranteed by
Allianz. First, this is because there is in fact no evidence of any guarantee
by Allianz or any plan for Allianz to provide one by the time the minimum
bonus pool was approved by the Management Board on 12 August 2008. At trial,
Mr Merkel was referred to his 12 August 2008 minutes which recorded that Dr
Jentzsch had explained that the “minimum pool should be guaranteed and
allocated on a discretionary basis”.[note: 61] When asked if he understood
this to mean “guaranteed by Allianz”, Mr Merkel responded:[note: 62]

No I don’t think so, because there was no guarantee given by Allianz, at least
not a formal guarantee. I don’t know what was behind, but I haven’t seen an
issued guarantee by Allianz at that time, and also not later.

40 Second, statements made subsequent to the 18 August Announcement also
contradict the Defendant’s position on the meaning of the word “guarantee”. An
FAQ posted on DKIB’s intranet on 5 September 2008 stated:[note: 63]

Allianz has said nothing to indicate a change of commitment to the bank and
continues to show strong support for Dresdner Kleinwort. Recently Allianz has
agreed and supported Dresdner Bank’s Management Board decision to set a
minimum bonus pool of €400m for Dresdner Kleinwort. This applies to the
investment banking division in its existing form and therefore does not
include corporate functions.

41 It would appear that Allianz’s role was confined to agreeing to and
supporting Dresdner Bank’s decision to create a minimum bonus pool. Similarly,
slides used at a presentation by Dr Jentzsch to Allianz on 19 September 2008
stated: [note: 64]

A Guaranteed Minimum Bonus Pool of €400mn _irrespective of performance_ has
been agreed and communicated to staff in early August.

[emphasis added]

42 No reference was made to an Allianz guarantee. On the contrary, this email
indicates that the understanding between Dresdner Bank and Allianz was
consistent with the Plaintiffs’ case and not the Defendant’s: the word
“guarantee” was used in contradistinction to a conditional bonus contingent on
performance.

43 Third, and more pertinently, whatever may have been the internal thinking
of the higher management of DKIB, Dresdner Bank and Allianz, this would not be
dispositive of what was in fact conveyed in the 18 August Announcement itself.
Dr Jentzsch’s email of 11 August 2008, which set out what he intended to say,
made no reference to the word “guarantee” other than in connection with the
fact that this was not an individual guarantee. The contemporaneous note by Ms
Beeson, which I find to be a reasonably accurate record of exactly what Dr
Jentzsch said, recorded that “minimum bonus pool guaranteed _for DK_ [ie.
DKIB]” [emphasis added], rather than _by Allianz_. Ms Beeson’s reference to
Allianz in her note was in the context of Allianz’s approval, together with
the management of DKIB and Dresdner Bank, of the decision taken regarding the
employees’ compensation.

44 From the foregoing analysis of the evidence, while it is likely that Dr
Jentzsch in his 18 August Announcement did describe the minimum bonus pool as
guaranteed, he did not say that it was guaranteed by Allianz.

45 What would an employee hearing the words to the effect that the pool was
“guaranteed for DK” have understood them to mean? This has to be considered
together with the fact that it was undisputed that Dr Jentzsch had in the 18
August Announcement also warned that “this is not an individual guarantee”,
which was only meaningful in contrast with the global sum set aside for all
employees which, by implication _was_ guaranteed. As noted at [35] above, Dr
Jentzsch had also said that the bonus pool would remain “no matter what”
happened in the negotiations over the ownership of Dresdner Bank or its
eventual sale. This indicates that the guarantee was not merely a guarantee by
Allianz to make available to DKIB a bonus pool and that it would remain
whether or not a change of ownership occurred. Consequently, I am of the view
that it is not likely that employees watching the 18 August Announcement would
have understood the word “guaranteed” in the rather abstruse sense proposed by
the Defendant. They would instead have reasonably concluded that the bonus
pool was being guaranteed to them by their employer, with the approval of its
sole shareholder, without which approval the guarantee would presumably not
have been given.

46 I should add that, in my judgment, this would be the case even if Dr
Jentzsch did in the 18 August Announcement say that the bonus pool was
guaranteed by Allianz. The employees hearing this would still regard it as a
representation by DKIB that the pool was guaranteed to them through DKIB with
the reference to Allianz being an explanation as to how the pool was to be
constituted internally.

47 I turn for a moment to consider the Defendant’s assertion that the
Plaintiffs had conceded that their understanding of the word “guaranteed” as
used by Dr Jentzsch was the same as that which the Defendant proposed.[note:
65] It is not clear to me that this was the case. The Defendant cited the 2nd
Plaintiff’s AEIC, which stated:[note: 66]

The financial performance of Dresdner Bank, and the outcome of the sale of
Allianz’s stake in Dresdner Bank to Commerzbank, and the entrance of
Commerzbank as the majority shareholder in Dresdner Bank, would not affect our
performance-based bonus for 2008, since the Pool was already guaranteed by
Allianz and ring fenced.

48 At trial, the 2nd Plaintiff testified as follows:[note: 67]

Q.… Now, can I take it that you understood the bonus pool as being guaranteed
by Allianz as the sole shareholder of the bank? That was your understanding,
correct?

A.My understanding is that Stefan Jentzsch sought the approval from the board,
of course, and Allianz. And that Allianz agreed to it and guaranteed it.

Q.So that’s what the last part of the sentence is intended to mean, Allianz
has agreed to the pool, correct? That’s what it means?

A.Yes.

Q.I put it to you that during the town hall meeting on 18 August, any
references to the bonus pool being guaranteed was intended to refer to this
situation, that it was guaranteed by Allianz. Would you agree?

A.It was guaranteed by the – with whoever Stefan Jentzsch discussed. And I
assume in this case, it was discussed with the board member and Allianz, who
was the shareholder.

49 In my view, the 2nd Plaintiff’s rather ambivalent remarks regarding the
guarantee suggest that she did not understand the bonus pool to be guaranteed
by Allianz in the manner proposed by the Defendant. She did not appear to have
clearly distinguished between the concepts of _agreeing to_ and _guaranteeing_
the bonus pool. Instead, she took it as a matter of course that the bonus pool
would have been agreed to in discussions between Dr Jentzsch, the Dresdner
Bank Board and the shareholder, Allianz.

50 The Defendant also relied on the following testimony by the 3rd
Plaintiff:[note: 68]

Q.When Dr Jentzsch referred to a guaranteed pool, did you understand him to
mean that it was a bonus pool that had been agreed by Allianz, the
shareholder, in a sense guaranteed by Allianz?

A.I felt he was talking about a retention pool, and that it had been -- I took
it that it had been approved by the board of Allianz.

51 I note that it is not at all clear that the question posed to the 3rd
Plaintiff by the Defendant was consonant with the Defendant’s own contentions
regarding the meaning of the word “guaranteed”. What is one to make of the
words “agreed by Allianz … in a sense guaranteed by Allianz”? In contrast to
the Defendant’s precise submissions on the meaning of the term in its closing
submissions, the question posed on its behalf at trial did not sufficiently
elaborate upon its meaning, leaving there doubt about what was being referred
to in cross-examination. In any case, it is reasonably clear to me that the
3rd Plaintiff understood Allianz to have merely approved of the minimum bonus
pool, rather than having guaranteed it.

52 Finally, the Defendant relied on the following exchange involving the 7th
Plaintiff:[note: 69]

Q.In other words, the announcement was “We will have this pool of money to pay
your bonuses from”; correct?

A.Yes.

…

Q.Your understanding is that €400 million --

A.It’s a pool.

Q.\-- is coming from the bank to the employees.

A.Yes, that’s -- yes, very -- right.

Q.But as far as you recall, there was no explicit or specific statement on
that?

A.Yes.

53 Again, it is not clear that the 7th Plaintiff had conceded to the
Defendant’s argument. Rather, it appears from the transcript that he was
acknowledging that there was no explicit statement in the 18 August
Announcement to the effect that the entirety of the bonus pool would be paid
out. Finally, even if the employees may have understood that Allianz had
agreed to or even guaranteed the bonus, that alone does not preclude their
understanding that there was a separate guarantee coming from their employer
to them.

54 I turn now to the Defendant’s contention that the minimum bonus pool was
conditional on a revenue target of €2,327.5 billion being met. This argument
was introduced on the first day of trial via an amendment to the
Defence.[note: 70] Mr Tan argued forcefully that this issue had not been
raised in the UK proceedings and that the addition to the Defence was an
afterthought and without basis. The matter nevertheless has to be considered
on the merits.

55 As a starting point, I note that nothing in the 11 August 2008 email or the
contemporaneous notes taken at the Business Update indicated that the minimum
bonus pool was conditional on certain revenue targets being met. The €2,327.5
billion figure was not even recorded in Ms Beeson’s or Ms Bryant’s notes. It
was mentioned in the 11 August 2008 email solely with reference to additional
incentive payments of €0.40 to the minimum bonus pool for every Euro earned
above that figure. As stated in the email, it was the incentive pool and not
the minimum bonus pool that was “pegged” to revenues.

56 Some doubt may be introduced by the slides used at the Management Board
meeting on 12 August 2008. However, these slides were merely a presentation
aid to facilitate Dr Jentzsch’s communication with the Board. It is not as
reliable an indication of what he would and did say at the 18 August
Announcement as the script in the email he sent the day before. Moreover, it
is not even clear that the words used in the slides “This base case cash pool
is set off of the base revenues of €2.327bn” suggest that bonus pool was
conditional on such revenues being achieved. Dr Jentzsch testified that the
revenue number was used to determine the size of the minimum bonus pool and
the baseline for the incentive pool. He disagreed that the minimum bonus pool
would not be applicable if the revenue number was not met.[note: 71]

57 For the reasons set out above, I am therefore unable to find that Dr
Jentzsch had said at the Town Hall that the minimum bonus pool was conditional
on a revenue target of €2,327.5 billion being met.

58 I note that it would have been odd in the circumstances for DKIB to have
structured its retention system in the all or nothing fashion contended for by
the Defendant (_ie_ , should target revenues be met, a sizable minimum bonus
pool of €400 million would be guaranteed, failing which the employees would
have no assurance of any sort). The purpose of the scheme was unlikely to be
achieved if DKIB’s employees took the view that the revenue targets were
difficult to meet. If, as the Defendant said, a minimum bonus pool were not to
be guaranteed, it is more likely that DKIB would have introduced a graduated
bonus system instead.

59 As for the third issue of whether DKIB was entitled to determine an
individual’s bonus award according to its financial performance as well as the
individual’s performance, this was really a moot point as far as the minimum
bonus pool was concerned. This is because if DKIB was contractually bound to
pay out the minimum bonus pool unconditionally, then this could not be
conditioned upon its financial performance.

60 As an aside, it is striking that the Defendant was unable to produce any
witnesses to support its contentions regarding the contents of the 18 August
Announcement. There were in excess of 2,000 DKIB employees at the material
time[note: 72] and most, if not all, of them would have been anxious to watch
the Business Update given the uncertain period that Dresdner Bank was going
through, and many of them did. Some of the Plaintiffs also testified that the
management had taken efforts to ensure that the Business Update was watched by
as many employees as possible.[note: 73] In contrast, although their
recollections had been rendered imperfect by the passage of time, the evidence
of Dr Jentzsch and all of the Plaintiffs was unwavering on their understanding
of the essential message of the 18 August Announcement: if the employees
remained in DKIB’s employment until the bonuses were paid out, they would
share in the minimum bonus pool.[note: 74]

61 Accordingly, I find that Dr Jentzsch, during the 18 August Announcement,
informed DKIB’s employees that:

(a) there would be a minimum bonus pool of €400 million for 2008;

(b) it was guaranteed in the sense that it was not contingent on any
conditions being met, including the attainment of revenues of €2,327.5
million;

(c) there was potential for the size of the pool to be increased if certain
targets were exceeded; and

(d) the announcement did not give rise to individual guarantees and the pool
would continue to be allocated to those who remained in employment on a
discretionary basis by reference to individual performance.

The elements of a contract

62 I now turn to the question of whether a valid contract was concluded
between the parties.

(1) Acceptance

63 It is undisputed in this case that none of the Plaintiffs communicated
their acceptance of the 18 August Announcement to Dresdner Bank. The
requirement of acceptance is integral to the formation of a contract, and the
general rule is that an acceptance has no effect until it is communicated to
the offeror. However, there are exceptions to this rule. It is noted in
_Treitel: The Law of Contract_ (Edwin Peel, Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2011) (“
_Treitel_ ”) that (paras 2-027 and 2-028):

**Terms of offer.** An offer may expressly or impliedly waive the requirement
that acceptance must be communicated. This is often the case where an offer
invites acceptance by conduct. …

**Unilateral contracts.** Communication of acceptance is scarcely ever
required in the case of an offer of a unilateral contract.

64 A waiver of the requirement of acceptance is often part and parcel of a
unilateral offer. In the seminal case regarding unilateral contracts, _Carlill
v Carbolic Smoke Ball Co_ [1893] 1 QB 256, it was observed that “as
notification is required for the benefit of the person who makes the offer,
the person who makes the offer may dispense with notice to himself”.

65 In my judgment, these propositions are applicable to the present facts.
There is no indication that Dr Jentzsch asked employees to indicate their
acceptance of the minimum bonus pool or incentive targets, and I am of the
view that the fact that no responses were required of the Plaintiffs or any of
DKIB’s employees points to an implied waiver by the Defendant of the
requirement for acceptance to be communicated. It is telling that there is no
evidence that any of DKIB’s employees had approached the HR department or
management to register their acceptance. Having said that, I recognise that
this observation hinges on the assumption that there was an intention to enter
into legal relations (on which see [73]–[81] below). Were there no such
intention, the lack of a required response would be more consistent with the
fact that the supposed offer was not intended to be binding.

66 The 18 August Announcement was also a classic case of a unilateral
contract. It was a promise on the part of DKIB to do _something_ (_ie_ , pay
the relevant employees their bonuses from a minimum bonus pool (for the
mechanics of this, see [82]–[94] below on the element of certainty)) in return
for the Plaintiffs’ continued employment and performance at DKIB. The
Plaintiffs were not bound to continue their employment, and could resign at
any time, subject to the giving of between one and three months’ notice.
However, should they commence performance (or, more accurately, continue in
their employment and forbear from resigning), Dresdner Bank would come under
an obligation not to revoke the offer: _Dickson Trading (S) Pte Ltd v
Transmarco Ltd_ [1987] SLR(R) 674 at [39].

67 Accordingly, I find that the element of acceptance is waived.

68 For completeness, I will briefly address the Plaintiffs’ alternative
argument that the 18 August Announcement was an offer that could be accepted
by conduct. I am of the view that this argument is unsustainable on the facts
of the case because the Plaintiffs’ conduct was to _continue_ with their
employment. Although Dresdner Bank was facing problems retaining staff in view
of its impending purchase, in the absence of more specific knowledge that the
Plaintiffs had other opportunities elsewhere, Dresdner Bank would not have
been able to infer acceptance from their omission to resign. The position
might be different had evidence been led to show that such opportunities did
in fact exist and Dresdner Bank was aware of them. While the 10th Plaintiff
gave evidence that he postponed his employment with a rival bank because of
the announcement,[note: 75] he did not stand in a different position from his
fellow Plaintiffs as such information would not have been known to Dresdner
Bank.

(2) Consideration

69 I turn now to the consideration. Although the doctrine of consideration has
been heavily criticised, it remains a standard requirement for the formation
of a valid contract: see _Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another
appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 (“ _Gay Choon Ing_ ”) at [64]. The traditional
definition of consideration is the benefit-detriment analysis set out in the
_Currie and others v Misa_ (1875) LR 10 Exch 153 (affirmed in _Manuel Misa v
Raikes Currie, G Grenfell Glyn, and Others_ (1876) 1 App Cas 554) (at 162):

A valuable consideration, in the sense of the law, may consist either in some
right, interest, profit, or benefit accruing to the one party, or some
forbearance, detriment, loss, or responsibility, given, suffered, or
undertaken by the other …

70 Applied to the present case, the consideration sought in the 18 August
Announcement was the Plaintiffs’ continued employment and forbearance from
resigning. Each of the Plaintiffs remained in employment past Letter Day to
the end of 2008. Accordingly, I find that the requirement of consideration was
satisfied in the form of forbearance on the part of the Plaintiffs. I note
that any inconsistency between this analysis and my finding on acceptance by
conduct is more apparent than real as the concepts of consideration and
communication of acceptance are distinct.

71 The requirement of consideration is also satisfied on the more modern
analysis set out in _Williams v Roffey Bros & Nicholls (Contractors) Ltd_
[1991] 1 QB 1 (“ _Williams_ ”). The facts and holdings of that case are
summarised in the Court of Appeal decision in _Sea-Land Service Inc v Cheong
Fook Chee Vincent_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 250 as follows (at [9] and [10]):

The defendants were the main contractors for a building contract. The
plaintiff entered into a subcontract with the defendants for carpentry work.
The plaintiff got into financial difficulties because the agreed price for the
subcontract was too low for him to operate satisfactorily and at a profit. As
the main contract contained a time penalty clause and the defendants were
worried that the plaintiff might not be able to complete the subcontract on
time, they made an oral agreement to pay the plaintiff an additional sum to
fulfil his obligations under the subcontract. Eventually, the plaintiff was
able to substantially complete the carpentry work. However, the defendants
failed to honour their oral promise. The plaintiff then sued the defendants
for the additional sum promised. One of the main issues before the court was
whether there was consideration for the agreement as the plaintiff's promise
under the agreement was merely to perform his existing contractual obligations
under the subcontract.

The Court of Appeal distinguished the established rule in  _Stilk v Meyrick_
(1809) 2 Camp 317; 170 ER 1168 and held that there was valid consideration for
the agreement to pay the additional sums. The rule in _Stilk v Meyrick_ states
that a promise to perform an existing contractual obligation is not sufficient
consideration since the promisee derives no additional benefit in law. The
Court of Appeal in  _Williams v Roffey Brothers_ identified the special
circumstances that were present in that case and on 15 Glidewell LJ was of the
opinion that the present state of the law on this subject could be expressed
in the following proposition:

(a) if A has entered into a contract with B to do work for B, in return for
payment by B; and

(b) at some stage before A has completely performed his obligations under the
contract, B has reason to think or doubt whether A will or will not be able to
complete his side of the bargain; and

(c) B thereupon promises A an additional payment in return for A's promise to
perform his contractual obligations on time; and

(d) as a result of giving his promise, B obtains in practice a benefit, or
avoids a detriment; and

(e) B's promise is not given as a result of economic duress or fraud on the
part of A; then

(f) the benefit to B is capable of being consideration for B's promise, so
that the promise will be legally binding.

72 _Williams_ represented an extension of the doctrine of consideration as it
recognised the concept of factual or practical benefit to the promisor and
held that this constituted sufficient consideration. _Williams_ was a case in
which the plaintiff was under an existing contractual obligation to perform
the subcontract works. The otherwise gratuitous promise of additional payments
by the defendants in exchange for the plaintiff doing what he was already
obliged to do was given contractual effect by the practical benefit that the
defendants gained in avoiding time penalties with their employer. This
analysis applies with greater force in the present case since the Plaintiffs
were not obliged to continue in their employment in the first place. By
remaining employed, the Plaintiffs conferred on Dresdner Bank a practical
benefit in the form of employee stability and the ability to continue
operating as a going concern during a period of uncertainty, which was what
the bank sought to achieve by introducing the minimum bonus pool.

(3) Intention to create legal relations

73 The intention to create legal relations has come to be seen as the very
marrow of contractual relationships: see _Chwee Kin Keong and others v
Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 594 at [139]. This must be correct
as a matter of principle, for although the other elements of a valid contract
are _indicia_ of a contractual relationship, the intention to be legally bound
is _definitive_ of such a relationship.

74 I note as a preliminary matter that the Plaintiffs assert that the onus is
on the Defendant to prove that there was no intention to create legal
relations.[note: 76] The Plaintiffs relied on the cases of _Edwards v Skyways
Ltd_ [1964] 1 WLR 349 and _Mamidoil-Jetoil Greek Petroleum Company SA and
another v Okta Crude Oil Refinery AD_ [2003] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 1 (“ _Mamidoil_ ”).
I do not regard either of these cases as standing for that proposition. In the
first case, Megaw J was merely saying that a party who took the position that
there was no such intention would have a heavy onus where the context of the
agreement was business relations and not social or domestic matters. It goes
without saying that in many situations, the context alone would have given
rise to a strong inference of an intention to be bound. _Mamidoil_ was simply
a case in which a party had previously taken the position that a contract was
binding, only to change its position subsequently. In any event, the position
under Singapore law is uncontroversial: an intention to create legal relations
is _sine qua non_ for a valid contract to arise. The burden of proof therefore
lies on the Plaintiffs, for their case would fail if no evidence were given on
either side: s 104 Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed).

75 In my judgment, an inference of an intention to be bound can be drawn from
the subject matter of the announcement in this case: the remuneration of an
employee by the employer. Assurances would be unlikely to be lightly made
regarding such an important matter. This is reinforced by the circumstances
that the parties found themselves in in August 2008. Dresdner Bank was looking
for a buyer of its investment bank business, but the value of that business
would have been dramatically reduced if it could not be sold as a going
concern. Given the exodus of staff that Mr Listorti warned of, that was a very
real risk. In this connection, it bears mention that Ms Lee had testified that
17 out of DB Singapore’s 120 employees resigned in 2008.[note: 77] This was an
attrition rate of about 14%, and most of the resignations took place in the
first half of 2008, before the 18 August Announcement. From the perspective of
the Plaintiffs and the rest of DKIB’s employees, all that was left for them at
the bank was the prospect of a few remaining monthly pay checks and the
possibility of receiving a discretionary bonus, which was likely to have been
much smaller than usual because of the travails the sector was going through.
They would have had every reason to seek employment elsewhere. That being the
case, there would have been no particular benefit to making one of the usual
updates on the accruals to the pool. Something more concrete would have been
necessary to incentivise employees to remain. I accept the Plaintiffs’
assertion that it was difficult to see how the 18 August Announcement could
have had the intended effect if it were not intended to be legally
binding.[note: 78]

76 The Defendant asserted that there was no intention to create legal
relations in the making of the 18 August Announcement. Instead, it was merely
an expression of Dresdner Bank’s plan to create a €400 million bonus pool at
the time the announcement was made. This was a management decision which could
be reviewed or revised as circumstances unfolded in 2008. The Defendant relied
on the fact that it was an established practice for employees to be informed
of bonus accruals for the year at Business Updates. As noted above at [6],
such announcements were not inviolable and accruals were open to change as the
year progressed. All that was different in 2008 was that the management
announced their decision on the bonus pool a few months ahead of the usual
schedule. It did not waive its usual right to revise the pool. In my view,
this understates what was announced on 18 August 2008. One does not generally
use words such as “minimum” and “guaranteed” to convey a provisional decision.
Moreover, given my findings at [44] and [61] above as to what was said by Dr
Jentzsch, and how, in the circumstances, the employees were likely to have
understood the message, the tenor of the announcement clearly took on a
different tone.

77 The Defendant also said that the usual practice for changing the terms of
an employee’s terms of employment was to individually communicate any such
variation in writing to the employee with the involvement of the HR
Department. The fact that a Business Update was used instead suggested that
there was no intention to make a binding commitment. The Defendant’s HR
executive, Ms Lee, testified that “[a]lthough the procedure for amending terms
in the Handbook, or the manner in which such amendments were communicated to
the employees, were not stipulated in the Handbook itself, such changes were
always communicated in writing by the HR Department”.[note: 79] However, Ms
Lee was only able to point to two occasions on which variations were made in
writing by the HR Department and they concerned leave entitlements. Ms Lee
acknowledged that she knew of no written restriction of binding commitments
being made by senior management.[note: 80]

78 The Defendant also asserted that Business Updates were informal forums for
the exchange of information and updating employees about DKIB’s current view
as to the performance of its business. However, this assertion is contradicted
by the slides used at the Management Board meeting on 12 August 2008, which
stated “In order to stabilise the DKIB business it is essential and necessary
to _formally communicate_ the pool that has been secured for the staff base”
[emphasis added].[note: 81] Underlying the Defendant’s argument is an
invitation to join the Defendant in incredulity at the fact that a _bank_
would choose to bind itself other than with a written agreement. It is often
the case that contracting parties in a business context will choose to reduce
their agreements to writing and this will naturally be one of the factors to
be considered in ascertaining contractual intentions. However, the court would
be astute to avoid _in effect_ elevating writing into yet another element of a
valid contract. To do so would be to turn a matter of evidence into one of law
and potentially subvert the objective intentions of parties. The 18 August
Announcement should also not be viewed in isolation as a regular Business
Update. Dr Jentzsch took some pains to ensure that as many people as possible
watched the update. The Plaintiffs gave evidence that the Business Update was
widely publicised in advance and that employees were encouraged to watch
it.[note: 82] Those with subordinates were instructed to encourage them to
watch the Business Update as well.[note: 83] Following the business update,
and as he had indicated he would do in his email of 11 August 2008,[note: 84]
Dr Jentzsch mobilised his subordinates to ensure that everyone was apprised of
the minimum bonus pool:[note: 85]

In addition, immediately after the 18 August announcement, I initiated an
“information cascade” to make sure that all staff understood what I had
announced. I directed all ExCo members to reiterate to their direct reports
(and so on) the minimum bonus pool that I had just announced. Because the
minimum bonus pool that I had announced was unique, and given that the key
purpose of the bonus pool was to stabilize the bank, I wanted to ensure that
my announcement was emphasized, understood and relied upon by everyone.

79 The Defendant pointed out that if all but one of DKIB’s employees left
DKIB, that employee would receive the full €400 million bonus pool. Dresdner
Bank could not have intended to commit itself to such an absurd result.[note:
86] In my view, such an eventuality is extremely unlikely to have arisen.
There is accordingly nothing absurd about the minimum bonus pool. On the
contrary, the monetary incentive to remain would increase as more employees
left, perfectly fulfilling the intention of Dresdner Bank at the time.

80 Finally, the Defendant said that the fact that the 8th Plaintiff, Anshul
Sidher, attempted to negotiate guaranteed bonuses for himself and his team
indicated that he did not think that the 18 August Announcement was binding. I
am unable to draw that conclusion from Mr Sidher’s conduct. It was perfectly
logical for Mr Sidher to have wanted to go one up on his colleagues and to
assure his subordinates of a guaranteed individual bonus instead of a
discretionary one from a guaranteed pool.

81 Accordingly, I find that the parties did intend to be bound by the 18
August Announcement.

(4) Certainty

82 Before a contract can be said to have been concluded, the terms of the
contemplated contract must be both certain and complete; however, possible
gaps may be filled by a previous course of dealing between the parties or by a
trade practice or where a definite formula exists: _Gay Choon Ing_ at [50]. In
_WN Hillas & Co Ltd v Arcos Ltd_ (1932) 147 LT 503 (“ _Hillas_ ”), Lord Wright
observed (at 514):

Businessmen often record the most important agreements in crude and summary
fashion; modes of expression sufficient and clear to them in the course of
their business may appear to those unfamiliar with the business far from
complete or precise. It is accordingly the duty of the court to construe such
documents fairly and broadly, without being too astute or subtle in finding
defects …

83 The Defendant noted that the 18 August Announcement did not give rise to
individual guarantees. The fact that the actual amount of bonus for each
employee was still subject to a discretionary appraisal process meant that the
individual employee was still faced with the same uncertainty as to his
individual entitlement as in previous years. However, I am of the view that
the dictates of certainty do not require an employee to know the precise
amount that he would be paid. To hold otherwise would negate the contractual
value of just about every agreement to follow a process or engage in a broad
endeavour rather than to secure a specific outcome.

84 In my judgment, the observations made in _Gay Choon Ing_ and _Hillas_ are
directly applicable to the present case. The Plaintiffs’ employer had
undertaken to them to pay their bonuses out of a guaranteed minimum pool of
€400 million. Although the 18 August Announcement did not specify the quantum
of the bonus each employee would obtain, nor the process through which this
would be ascertained, the past conduct of the bank (set out at [5]–[8] above)
would have provided ample details to fill such gaps. This answers many of the
objections raised by the Defendant.

85 First, the Defendant said that there was some uncertainty among the
Plaintiffs about whether the actual amount of individual bonuses would be
determined by individual or team performance. The following examples were
cited by way of illustration:[note: 87]

The 6th Plaintiff states, at paragraph 10 of his AEIC that “The actual amount
of individual bonuses would be determined by individual and team performance.”

The 9th Plaintiff stated at paragraph 17 of his AEIC that “Individual bonuses
remained discretionary and would be determined based on the individual’s
performance, and the performance of his business and his team or unit”.
However, on cross-examination, he admitted that this was merely his own
understanding and was not specifically mentioned by Stefan Jentzsch.

The 10th Plaintiff stated at paragraph 12 of his AEIC that “[t]he actual
amount of individual bonuses would be determined by individual performance”.
However, on cross-examination, he stated that his team’s performance would
also be considered as well.

86 There is, to my mind, no uncertainty suggested by any of these statements.
It appears to me that the Plaintiffs were merely referring to their
understanding of the manner in which individual bonuses were allocated in the
past. As explained above at [7], each employee would have to negotiate a share
of the bonus pool with his immediate superior, having regard to his individual
performance. The superior would in turn have to negotiate for a share of the
bonus pool to be allocated to his team as a whole, having regard to the team’s
performance. It follows that the bonus awarded to each employee would be
dependent on both the performance of the employee in question as well as his
team.

87 Second, the Defendant contended that there was uncertainty as to the types
of payments that the bonus pool could be used to fund. Could it be used for
guaranteed bonuses, severance payments, tariff payments and other liabilities
of Dresdner Bank? As a starting point, it is important to bear in mind that
the pool of money in question was a _bonus_ pool. This fixed the limit of the
types of payments that could be made from it. Moreover, the reference to the
bonus pool being 75% of the previous year’s bonus pool is pertinent. For this
comparison to make any sense, the bonuses to be paid out of the bonus pool
would have to be the same as those paid out of the relevant comparator sum the
previous year. Details of the previous year’s practice may not have been known
to all of the employees listening to the 18 August Announcement, but it would
have been a simple matter to find out. The Defendant remarked that €150
million of the bonus pool had been committed as individual guarantees.
However, it is my view that the only material difference between a guaranteed
individual bonus and a regular discretionary one is the date on which the
Bank’s discretion is exercised. I am unable to see why this should give rise
to any issues as to the certainty surrounding the bonus pool. If, having
regard to the bonuses paid out in the previous year, it were the case that
guaranteed bonuses should not have been paid out of the bonus pool, this would
amount to a breach on the part of the Defendant rather than a factor
undermining the certainty of the 18 August Announcement.

88 Third, the Defendant argued that it was not clear whom the bonus pool
applied to. Did it apply to front office employees, or did it extend to middle
and back office employees as well? The Defendant relied upon emails and a
Business Update following the announcement to show that there was some
confusion about whether the back office was to be secured by the bonus pool.
Again, the 75% comparator would have provided the basis on which such doubts
could be resolved. It need not have been made explicitly clear at the 18
August Announcement; even if those hearing the announcement were not entirely
sure what the correct position was, they could have found out.

89 Moreover, the fact that third parties to the announcement may not have been
certain about its purport or may have harboured some hope of sharing in the
pool does not detract from the certainty as between Dresdner Bank and the
Plaintiffs. On this score, the evidence was clear: Dr Jentzsch was the CEO of
DKIB and his announcement was directed to all staff who ultimately reported to
him.[note: 88] This removed the need to distinguish between front office and
other staff since these were terms that were not necessarily precise. The
Defendant’s attempt to cast doubt on which of these groups of employees would
benefit was therefore irrelevant.

90 Fourth, the Defendant said that it was unclear whether the entire €400
million had to be paid out. In my view, it would have been in the
contemplation of all involved that the usual practice would be followed. Since
Dr Jentzsch was in the habit of retaining 3-5% of the bonus pool every year as
a contingency fund, this would have also been the case with the minimum bonus
pool.

91 Fifth, the Defendant argued that there was uncertainty as to how long
employees would have to remain before they were eligible to receive their
bonuses. Did they have to stay until the end of the year, until the bonuses
were actually paid out or until the takeover by the Defendant was complete?
But this was provided for in the Employee Handbook and there was no evidence
that anyone had assumed that the usual rule would not apply:[note: 89]

Employees who do not complete a full year’s service during the financial year
may receive a pro-rated amount.

Any employee who has left the services of the Bank or who has tendered
resignation at or prior to the date of payment of the bonus will not be
eligible for the performance variable bonus, [notwithstanding] that the
declaration of entitlement to the performance variable bonus takes place prior
to the date of the bonus payment.

92 It may have been more useful for Dresdner Bank’s purposes to make the
relevant date the date of takeover by the Defendant. However, given that this
was to take place at the beginning of 2009, the usual approach would have
served well enough. In any event, this does not detract from the certainty of
the 18 August Announcement.

93 Finally, the Defendant said that it was not clear how the stretch targets
were to operate as the Plaintiffs had different impressions on how revenue of
€2,327.5 million was to be calculated. It is relevant that the notes taken by
Ms Beeson and Ms Bryant were the least illuminating on this point. However,
this does not detract from the overall clarity of the representations
regarding the minimum bonus pool. The Plaintiffs were not alleging that the
total bonuses declared as at Letter Day fell short of what was promised
because the relevant incentive payments were omitted. In any event, just
because the Plaintiffs were subjectively unclear on the computation method
does not render the entire scheme uncertain. They were simply content to rely
on whatever method DKIB had selected for computing the incentive pool. What
was relevant for their purposes was that each of them was a revenue generator
and that their efforts would contribute to increasing the sum of bonuses
payable.

94 A theme underlying the Defendant’s objections on the issue of certainty was
the fact that the Plaintiffs did not personally know how bonuses were
allocated. In my judgment, this criticism is not sustainable. An individual
does not need to know precisely how his counterparty will satisfy his
obligations in order for him to have a contractual right. Accordingly, I find
that the 18 August Announcement was sufficiently certain to be enforced.

Authority

95 Whatever the contents of the 18 August Announcement may be, the Defendant
also disputed that Dr Jentzsch had the authority to bind Dresdner Bank to a
contract with its employees. However, I am of the view that there was ample
evidence that Dr Jentzsch was authorised to make the 18 August Announcement.
He had been tasked by Mr Diekmann and Dr Walter to put together a retention
package which would ensure the stability of DKIB and to assemble a team to do
so.[note: 90] A draft bonus proposal was worked on in June and July 2008,
during which time Dr Jentzsch had meetings with senior figures in Allianz and
Dresdner Bank.[note: 91] A final plan with the following three elements was
formulated by the end of July or early August 2008: (1) a minimum guaranteed
retention bonus pool of €400 million would be set aside to be paid to all
employees who stayed until the end of the year (this sum represented 75% of
the total of the previous year’s bonuses), (2) an additional performance-
related bonus pool would be set aside if certain parameters were met and (3)
there would be individual guarantees for approximately 70 critical members of
staff.[note: 92]

96 Dr Jentzsch obtained the approval of both the Dresdner Bank and Allianz
Compensation Committees and then sent the email of 11 August 2008 to senior
figures in Allianz and Dresdner Bank setting out in some detail the retention
package he was going to announce (see [30] above). He then presented the
retention package to the Management Board of Dresdner Bank the next day (see
[32]–[33] above). The minutes taken of the meeting of the Management Board
stated:[note: 93]

The Board approves the preparation and communication of the 2008 bonus pools
for DKIB as presented by Stefan Jentzsch.

97 Dr Jentzsch recounted the meeting as follows:[note: 94]

The final decision to create the Euros 400 million retention pool was made by
the Management Board … of Dresdner Bank, of which I was a member. We met on 12
August 2008 in Frankfurt to discuss the creation of the bonus pool and other
issues … I gave a presentation to the Board … in which I proposed the creation
of a minimum cash pool of Euros 400 million to be formally communicated to the
staff at one of my business updates. The Board decision approving the creation
and communication of the guaranteed minimum retention pool as presented by me
was unanimous.

98 It is telling that the Defendant did not call any witness to rebut Dr
Jentzsch’s recollection of the meeting. The fact that the 18 August
Announcement was never contradicted is also strong evidence that Dr Jentzsch
had acted within his authority. In fact, as observed at [41] above, he went
on, again on behalf of DKIB, to inform Allianz a month later that “[a]
Guaranteed Minimum Bonus Pool of €400mn irrespective of performance has been
agreed and communicated to staff in early August”. Accordingly, I find that Dr
Jentzsch was expressly authorised to make the 18 August Announcement, which
was intended to be legally binding by Dresdner Bank.

99 I note that it may be possible to argue that Dr Jentzsch was not expressly
given authority to use the word “guaranteed” to describe the bonus pool.
However, the scheme he was authorised to announce was in fact a guaranteed
one. In any event, Dr Jentzsch also had ostensible authority to make the 18
August Announcement. He was of great seniority within Dresdner Bank, the CEO
of DKIB and the person to whom the Plaintiffs and other employees of DKIB
ultimately reported. It would not have occurred to any employee in their
position to question Dr Jentzsch on his authority. The Defendant cannot rely
on any supposed misunderstanding or miscommunication on the part of Dr
Jentzsch to excuse itself from the legal effect of the 18 August Announcement.
In any event, Dresdner Bank had at no point attempted to correct what Dr
Jentzsch had said. On 21 October 2008, Mr Hindle, DKIB’s Head of HR, made
reference to the 18 August Announcement in an email to DKIB employees,
remarking that the “bonus pool for the Front Office has already been
communicated by Stefan Jentzsch in his updates”.[note: 95]

Conclusion on the claim in contract

100 It follows from the foregoing discussion that the Plaintiffs have proven
that a binding contract between them and Dresdner Bank arose from the 18
August Announcement pursuant to which Dresdner Bank would pay all or
substantially all of the €400 million in the pool to its DKIB employees,
including the Plaintiffs, as bonuses. It has not been disputed that the
provisional bonuses declared in respect of each of the Plaintiffs and the
other employees on Letter Day would have been the amounts paid had the
Defendants complied with the terms of the 18 August Announcement. At any rate,
neither party asserted that the procedure behind the 19 December Letter was
unrepresentative of the usual approach taken to determine the bonus to be paid
out to each employee or that this exercise was not undertaken on the premise
of a €400 million bonus pool. Accordingly, I find that the Plaintiffs are
entitled to payment of the balance 90% of the bonuses announced on 19 December
2008 that had not been paid out in February 2009 as damages for breach of
contract.

101 In so holding, I should not be understood to be agreeing with the
Plaintiffs’ contention that their entitlement to their bonuses crystallised on
Letter Day with the issuance of the 19 December Letter. There are several
difficulties with this argument that I will note, without venturing an opinion
on how they may be resolved. First, what constraints are there on when
Dresdner Bank must exercise its discretion to determine bonuses? Second, what
is to be made of the fact that the 19 December Letter was expressly stated to
be a provisional bonus award and contained the MAC clause? It is not necessary
for me to address these issues because I am satisfied that the sums declared
in the 19 December Letter would have been the bonuses paid out in February
2009 had the Defendant complied with its contractual obligations under the 18
August Announcement.

Postscript on discretionary bonuses

102 One of the main contentions advanced by the Plaintiffs was that, even in
the absence of the 18 August Announcement, the variable bonus clause in their
contracts of employment granted them a contractual entitlement to a
discretionary performance-based bonus each year.[note: 96] This was a legally
enforceable entitlement even though the amount of the award had to be
determined by an exercise of discretion on the part of Dresdner Bank. They
asserted that Dresdner Bank had to act in a bona fide and rational manner,
taking into account proper factors. They relied on _Clark v Nomura
International plc_ [2000] IRLR 766 (“ _Clark_ ”), a decision of the Queen’s
Bench Division of the High Court of England and Wales. The plaintiff, Mr
Clark, was a proprietary trader for Nomura. The latter was obliged to award a
discretionary bonus by reference to an assessment of his performance. Nomura
exercised its discretion not to award a bonus despite the fact that he had
earned substantial profits in excess of £6 million. In deciding that Nomura
was in breach of its contractual obligations, Burton J made the following
observations (at [40]):

… the employer’s discretion is in any event, as a result of the authorities,
not unfettered, as both sides have accepted to be the law in this case. Even a
simple discretion whether to award a bonus must not be exercised capriciously
(_United Bank Ltd v Akhtar_ [1989] IRLR 507 EAT, _Clark v BET plc_ [1997] IRLR
348 and _Midland Bank plc v McCann_ 5/6/1998 unreported EAT) or without
reasonable or sufficient grounds (_White v Reflective Roadstuds Ltd_ [1991]
IRLR 331 EAT, and _McClory v Post Office_ [1993] IRLR 159). I do not consider
that either of these definitions of the obligation are entirely apt, when
considering whether an employer was in breach of contract in having exercised
a discretion which on the face of the contract is unfettered or absolute, or
indeed even one which is contractually fettered such as the one here
considered. Capriciousness, it seems to me, is not very easy to define: and I
have been referred to _Harper v National Coal Board_ [1980] IRLR 260 and
_Cheall v APEX_ [1982] IRLR 362. It can carry with it aspects or arbitrariness
or domineeringness, or whimsicality and abstractedness. On the other had the
concept of ‘without reasonable or sufficient grounds’ seems to me to be too
low a test. I do not consider it is right that there be simply a contractual
obligation on an employer to act reasonably in the exercise of his discretion,
which would suggest that the court can simply substitute its own view for that
of the employer. _My conclusion is that the right test is one of irrationality
or perversity (of which caprice or capriciousness would be a good example) ie
that no reasonable employer would have exercised his discretion in this way._
… Such test of perversity or irrationality is not only one which is simple, or
at any rate simpler, to understand and apply, but it is a familiar one, being
that regularly applied in the Crown Office or, as it is soon to be, the
Administrative Court. In reaching its conclusion, what the court does is thus
not to substitute its own view, but to ask the question whether any reasonable
employer could have come to such a conclusion.

[emphasis added]

103 On this understanding, the Plaintiffs argued that an employer had to
ensure that its discretion to declare bonuses was not exercised in so
unreasonable a fashion that no reasonable employer would have done the same.
The employee thus had the benefit of a contractual obligation, if not a bonus
as such. In _Cantor Fitzgerald International v Horkulak_ [2004] IRLR 942 (“
_Horkulak_ ”), the Court of Appeal of England and Wales held (at [46]):

In our view, the judge was correct in his general approach to the construction
of the bonus clause and to hold that _the claimant was entitled, had he
remained in the defendants’ employment, to a bona fide and rational exercise
by [the defendant] of their discretion as to whether or not to pay him a bonus
and in what sum_. … the clause is one contained in a contract of employment in
a high-earning and competitive activity in which the payment of discretionary
bonuses is part of the remuneration structure of employers. In this case, the
objective purpose of the bonus clause on the evidence … was plainly to
motivate and reward the employee in respect of his endeavours to ‘maximise the
commission revenue of the Global Interest Rate Derivatives Business’ of [the
defendant]. Further, the condition precedent that the employee should still be
working for [the defendant] and should not have given notice or attempted to
procure his release, demonstrates that the bonus was to be paid in
anticipation of future loyalty. In such a case, as it seems to me, the
provision is necessarily to be read as intended to have some contractual
content, i.e. it is to be read as a contractual benefit to the employee, as
opposed to being a mere declaration of the employer’s right to pay a bonus if
he wishes, a right which he enjoys regardless of contract.

[emphasis added]

104 In _Horkulak_ , the employer’s obligations in determining bonuses were
justified by the circumstances of the employment relationship, _viz_ , the
competitive environment, bonus culture and ostensible objective of the
discretionary bonuses to incentivise good performance and retain employees.
The Plaintiffs said that these circumstances also applied to the present case
and that their contractual entitlement to a discretionary bonus came into even
sharper focus with the 18 August Announcement of the minimum bonus pool.[note:
97]

105 In contrast, the Defendant asserted that there was binding authority in
Singapore to the contrary. It relied on the Court of Appeal decision in
_Latham Scott v Credit Suisse First Boston_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 30, where the
following observations were made (at [72]):

Unless the bonus had been expressed to be guaranteed, an employee in Latham’s
position could not claim to be legally entitled to a bonus, the granting and
quantum of which are entirely at the discretion of the employer. While he
might have hoped for a bonus if he had indeed remained in the employ of CSFB,
the fact remained that, even then, he would not have been able to claim to be
entitled to a bonus as of right as it was entirely at the discretion of CSFB.

106 The Plaintiffs in turn distinguished this case on the basis that it
concerned a claim for the loss of a chance to earn a discretionary bonus due
to a wrongful termination of employment. It could therefore be said that the
question the Court of Appeal was confronted with was whether the plaintiff had
proven on a balance of probabilities that he would have been paid a bonus had
his employment not been terminated. Notwithstanding the thorough submissions
made on this point, it is in my view not necessary that a definitive
pronouncement be made for the resolution of this case. The Plaintiffs’
submissions hinged upon the approach taken in _Clark_ and _Horkulak_ being the
backdrop against which the 18 August Announcement was made, with the latter
being merely a variation of the _status quo_. On this understanding, the
minimum bonus pool crystallised one of the discretionary elements of their
bonus entitlements. I have already expressed my view of the Plaintiffs’
variation argument above at [27]. In any event, it is my view that, rather
than fixing one of the discretionary elements, the 18 August Announcement
largely superseded whatever the existing contractual position might have been
for that year. All that remained to be determined was what the appropriate
awards should be as between employees. The 18 August Announcement sufficed to
establish a free-standing contractual entitlement informed only by the
existing practice by which bonuses were awarded. This issue has been
determined on the basis of trite and well-established principles of contract
law. I note that the question posed at the beginning of this judgment could
have been very much more interesting than has turned out in this case.
However, what duties, if any, an employer must satisfy in deciding whether to
award discretionary bonuses and, if so, how much will have to be left for a
more appropriate case.

Terms Implied into the Contract of Employment

107 I will address the other claims advanced by the Plaintiffs for
completeness. The Plaintiffs’ second claim was that the Defendant’s failure to
pay the Plaintiffs their 2008 bonus in full in accordance with the 18 August
Announcement was a breach of the Defendant’s duty to behave in a way that
preserved the trust and confidence that an employee should have in his
employer.[note: 98] The crux of this claim as set out in their pleadings was
that the Defendant breached the implied term of trust and confidence by acting
contrary to the 18 August Announcement. This was made apparent by the
statement of claim:

53.Further and/or alternatively, the Defendant’s failure to so pay the
Plaintiffs their 2008 Bonus in full in accordance with its promises to the
Plaintiffs was a breach of the Defendant’s duty to behave in a way that
preserved the trust and confidence that an employee should have in his
employer. The Plaintiffs will rely, among other things, on a statement made by
Mr Blessing published on the intranet on 26 February 2009:

“…The board promised something and the board has somehow failed to deliver
this. This is an issue that also affects credibility, which was something that
we were aware of as we were making the decision…We, my colleagues and I, also
have to fight to rebuild the trust that we have shattered with this decision.”

[emphasis in original]

108 However, I note that the Plaintiffs expanded their claim materially after
the trial. Their closing submissions asserted:[note: 99]

The whole course of conduct of [Dresdner Bank] from 18 August 2008 to 18
February 2009, including both the introduction and inclusion of the MAC Clause
in the 19 December 2008 Bonus Letters, and the manner of triggering and
applying the MAC Clause, in the light of the repeated promise and reassurance
to the contrary effect, amounted to a breach of the implied term of trust and
confidence.

109 The crux of this excerpt and the elaboration in the rest of the
submissions is that Dresdner Bank had deliberately misled the Plaintiffs and
other employees regarding the minimum bonus pool so as to secure stability for
itself pending the transaction with the Defendant, all the while cynically
intending to renege on its commitments once the transaction was completed and
stability was no longer necessary.[note: 100] The function of pleadings is to
give fair notice of the case which has to be met and to define the issues
which the court will have to decide on so as to resolve the matters in dispute
between the parties: _Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and others and
another appeal_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 at [61]. It was not at all apparent from
the statement of claim that the more sophisticated and expansive approach
taken in the Plaintiffs’ closing submissions would be pursued and I am of the
view that the Defendant would have wished to adduce other evidence to rebut
this case. I further note that it is unlikely that this was an argument that
the Plaintiffs only came upon as evidence was being led in the course of the
trial. The same argument was advanced in the English proceedings with a
favourable outcome for the plaintiffs there (see _Attrill (HC)_ at
[198]–[231]), and the High Court decision was released before the start of the
trial. The Plaintiffs had ample opportunity to make this a part of their case
at an earlier stage. Accordingly, I disregard the Plaintiffs’ arguments to the
extent that they exceeded the comparatively narrow bounds of their pleadings.

The implied term of trust and confidence

110 The most authoritative espousal of the implied term of trust and
confidence is found in _Malik v Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA
(In Compulsory Liquidation)_ [1998] AC 20 (“ _Malik_ ”). The principle
approved therein is that there is a term implied in law that an employer shall
not without reasonable and proper cause conduct itself in a manner calculated
and likely to destroy or seriously damage the relationship of confidence and
trust between employer and employee: _per_ Lord Steyn at 45 and 46.

111 This principle has received approval in Singapore. In _Wong Leong Wei
Edward and another v Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd and another suit_
[2010] SGHC 352, Chong J noted (at [51] and [52]):

It is thus apparent from  _Malik v BCCI_ that a claimant will be entitled to
damages from a former employer if he or she can prove that the former employer
was in breach of the implied term of trust and confidence and which resulted
in loss of future employment prospects. …

… on the authority of  _Malik v BCCI_ , I accept the submission by Edward’s
counsel that, in principle, if it can be shown that the defendant had
wrongfully dismissed Edward in a manner that was dishonest or illegitimate
which amounted to a breach of the implied term of trust and confidence, and as
a direct result of that wrongful dismissal it can be proven that Edward
suffered a real and provable financial loss, in my view, Edward would be
entitled to claim against the defendant for such loss beyond the contractual
notice period. However, as I have already made clear that the defendant was
entitled to terminate Edward from his position on not one but two separate
grounds, I find that there is no merit to his claim which I dismiss
accordingly.

112 In _Cheah Peng Hock v Luzhou Bio-Chem Technology Ltd_ [2013] 2 SLR 577 (“
_Luzhou Bio-Chem_ ”), Loh J held (at [59] and [60]):

… unless there are express terms to the contrary or the context implies
otherwise, an implied term of mutual trust and confidence, and fidelity, is
implied by law into a contract of employment under Singapore law. As stated in
_Malik v BCCI_ at 45, the implied term of mutual trust and confidence operates
as a default rule. Parties may thus exclude or modify them to limit its
content. It also follows that express terms may modify the scope of the
implied term. …

The content of that implied term can thus vary greatly depending on the facts
in each case; this includes but is not limited to the type of employer and
employee, the business or activity of the employer, the position or nature of
the appointment of the employee, the employee's level within the hierarchy of
employees, the express and other implied terms of employment and the
termination provision. These factors are obviously not exhaustive and there
will be as many factors as there are types of employment contracts and
individual facts and circumstances.

113 The Defendant asserted that the implied term of trust and confidence was
not settled law in Singapore and that the issue had not been resolved
conclusively in our courts.[note: 101] In my view, this submission is
unsustainable. Loh J’s remarks quoted above were not _obiter dicta_ but formed
the basis of his finding of breach and his award of damages. It bears mention
that the appeal against Loh J’s decision was heard and dismissed by the Court
of Appeal on 23 September 2013.

Findings on breach

114 That said, I am of the view that the Defendant is correct to argue that
its decision not to pay the Plaintiffs the bonus promised in the 18 August
Announcement did not amount to the breach of such a term. _Malik_ requires,
firstly, that the impugned conduct of the employer to be without reasonable
and proper cause and secondly, that such conduct is both calculated and likely
to destroy or seriously damage the relationship of confidence and trust. It
bears emphasising that it would take quite extreme behaviour on the part of
the employer to satisfy these requirements. In the present case, even if one
takes the view that it was dishonourable for Dresdner Bank to have gone back
on its word regarding the minimum bonus pool, it must be accepted that it had
compelling reasons for doing so. In the first place, the 18 August
Announcement took place against the backdrop of an industry under severe
pressure. A 25% reduction on the previous year’s discretionary bonus payout
was considered to be generous by all involved. Dresdner Bank suffered
significant losses in 2008. Mr Hessenmueller gave evidence that DKIB and
Dresdner Bank respectively reported operating losses of €6.275 billion and
€5.598 billion.[note: 102] Dresdner Bank’s Financial Report for 2008 stated
that “[i]n view of the acute danger to the continued existence of Dresdner
Bank as a going concern and the fact that capital ratios had fallen below
minimum regulatory capital requirements, Commerzbank resolved on 3 March 2009
to increase Dresdner Bank’s capital by €4.0 billion in the first quarter of
2009”.[note: 103]

115 The minimum bonus pool also had to be considered in the context of the
Defendant’s management of its other affairs. The email of 18 February 2009
indicated that Defendant’s own employees would not receive a bonus for 2008.
It might have appeared to be untenable for the management of the Defendant to
pay out sizable bonuses in one of its subsidiary companies during a period of
remunerative austerity as regards its own employees. It is for that reason
that Mr Blessing wrote to Dr Walter on 8 November 2008 to express his opinion
that the minimum bonus pool “could be an emotional burden for the integration
[of Dresdner Bank and the Defendant], since almost no one here can understand
how Dresdner Bank can pay out higher bonuses than [the Defendant], despite
losing billions. I find this very alarming, also in respect to the public
debate”.[note: 104]

116 The public debate referred to by Mr Blessing was the scrutiny that the
financial industry in general had come under in respect of its remuneration
practices and the attention that had been paid to DKIB’s minimum bonus pool in
particular. On 10 November 2008, he wrote to Mr Diekmann:[note: 105]

The variable remuneration in our sector is a matter of controversy and intense
public discussion. Not least for this reason, we are irritated, and frankly
also somewhat annoyed by the conduct of the Dresdner Bank’s Board in their
structuring and awarding of bonuses.

117 On 8 November 2011, the _Frankfurter Allgemeiner Zeitung_ ran an article
headed “The salary gradients in favour of Dresdner Bank” which made reference
to the minimum bonus pool as “a taste of things to come”.[note: 106] The
pressures of such media coverage have to be considered in the light of the
assistance that the Defendant was receiving from the German government. The
Defendant had on 3 November 2008 announced that it would receive an initial
€8.2 billion in guaranteed funding commitments and €15 billion in debt
guarantees from the German government’s stabilisation fund, _Sonderfonds
Finanzmarktstabiliseriung_.[note: 107] On 8 January 2009, the German
government approved the provision of further funding and capital to the
Defendant by way of a capital contribution and a purchase of 25% of its shares
for €10 billion.[note: 108] The management of Dresdner Bank and the Defendant
would have feared an unfavourable juxtaposition of impending fiscal austerity
in the German and European economy and burdens on the state and taxpayers with
the perception of largesse and extravagance in the payment of its employees.

118 To my mind, all of these constitute reasonable and proper causes for not
following through with the 18 August Announcement. The difficulties that
Dresdner Bank was going through would have been known to the Plaintiffs. Even
if they were deeply unhappy with what had taken place, and were victims of
breaches of contractual obligations owed to them by their employer, it is my
view that the circumstances were such that the relationship of trust and
confidence cannot be considered to have been destroyed or seriously damaged
from an objective point of view. The assessment of whether there has been a
breach of this implied term should not focus on the subjective unhappiness of
employees to the exclusion of the pressures that employers face.

119 Accordingly, I find that there was no breach of the relationship of trust
and confidence. I would add that, as noted above at [23], the Plaintiffs had
also contended that there was a parallel term to be implied into the
employment contract that an employer has a duty not to be perverse, arbitrary
or inequitable to its employees. However, no substantial submissions were made
on this argument and I decline to express a view in this regard save to note
that my finding that the Defendant had reasonable cause to act the way it did
is equally applicable here.

Compliance with the MAC Clause

120 This brings me to the Plaintiffs’ third argument, which relates to the MAC
clause. The Plaintiffs’ primary position was that the MAC clause could have no
legal effect if the 18 August Announcement was found to be binding. This was
because, in claiming for the Defendant an entitlement to vary the bonuses
declared on Letter Day, the MAC clause was a variation adverse to the
interests of the Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs said that the cases indicated that
an inference of acceptance by an employee would not readily be drawn where the
employer purported to unilaterally vary terms to the detriment of the
employee: _eg_. _Saleem Khatri v Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-
Boerenleenbak BA_ [2010] IRLR 715 at [44]–[51]. As always, in the absence of a
waiver of the requirement of acceptance, the court will look for an
unequivocal communication of acceptance. The Plaintiffs, standing on their
rights flowing from the 18 August Announcement, made no such communication and
the MAC clause consequently did not alter those contractual rights.

121 However, the Plaintiffs had a fallback position. They said that if,
contrary to their primary case, it was found that the 18 August Announcement
had no legal effect, then the Defendant was bound by the MAC clause and could
not vary or rescind the bonuses declared on Letter Day without complying with
the dictates of that clause. This the Defendant did not do, and the purported
reduction of the bonus on 19 February 2009 had no effect. My difficulty with
this argument is that it was not made clear to me how the Defendant came to be
bound by the MAC clause. This is made more peculiar given the extensive
discussion on the contractual effect of the 18 August Announcement. I had also
in a list of issues given to the parties invited submissions in the following
terms:

12\. What is the legal effect of the 19 December 2008 bonus letter issued by
the Defendant to the Plaintiffs?

a.Could the Defendant validly qualify the 19 December bonus letter as a
“provisional” letter, and/or validly insert the MAC Clause in the bonus
letter?

b.If so, was the Defendant legally bound to finalise the provisional bonus
award in accordance with the terms of the letter?

c.If so,

(i) _was this on the basis that there was, by virtue of the 19 December 2008
letter, a variation of the Plaintiffs’ contracts of employment, or a separate
contract between the Defendant and the Plaintiffs or on some other basis? If
so, were there requirements of acceptance and consideration to be met and, if
so, were they?_

[emphasis added]

122 This question went unanswered. In the absence of the necessary elements of
a contract being established, the 19 December Letter amounted to no more than
a gratuitous promise unenforceable at law. Moreover, even on the terms of the
19 December Letter itself, the bonus declared was expressly characterised as
“provisional”. The MAC clause stated:

The provisional bonus award stated above is subject to review in the event
that additional material deviations in [DKIB’s] revenue and earnings, as
against the forecast for the months of November and December 2008, are
identified during preparation of the annual financial statements for 2008 i.e.
that [DKIB’s] earnings position does not deteriorate materially in this
period. This will be reviewed in January 2009 by Stefan Jentzsch. In the event
that such additional material deviations are identified, the Company reserves
the right to review the provisional award and, if necessary, to reduce the
provisional award.

However, it was not stated in the clause or anywhere else in the 19 December
Letter that the _only_ situation in which the provisional bonus award would be
altered would be pursuant to the review mechanism in the MAC clause.
Accordingly, I am of the view that the MAC clause has no contractual effect
and the Defendant was not bound to vary the bonuses declared on Letter Day
only in accordance with the MAC clause.

The Final Remuneration Statements Signed by the 3rd and 7th Plaintiffs

123 The Defendant additionally contended that the claims of the 3rd and 7th
Plaintiffs, Robert Coughlan and Poh Tze Tiong, were barred because they had
signed documents known as “final remuneration statements”. Each of these
documents computed the salary due to Mr Coughlan and Mr Poh for the period
immediately prior to the cessation of their employment with Dresdner Bank. The
material portion of the final remuneration statements stated:[note: 109]

I acknowledge the above computation as full and final settlement of all my
claims against Commerzbank AG, Singapore Branch and the Commerzbank Group, its
subsidiaries and associated companies (collectively referred to as the Group),
arising out of the cessation of my employment with the Bank.

124 The Defendant claimed that “it is evident that the parties had envisaged
that claims ‘arising out of’ an employee’s ‘cessation of employment’ included
any benefits to which an employee were [sic] entitled under their contracts of
employment. … It is clear that discretionary bonuses, along with other items
such as salary … all formed part of the remuneration package provided for
under the 3rd and 7th Plaintiff’s employment contracts”.[note: 110]

125 In my judgment, the Defendant’s proposed interpretation founders on the
fact that Mr Coughlan and Mr Poh’s causes of action in respect of the 18
August Announcement arose independently of their cessation of employment: they
could have maintained a claim whether or not they continued to be employed by
the Defendant. It is clear from the computations on the documents that they
were intended to be a final accounting of the remuneration due immediately
before the end of the employment relationship, which need not necessarily be
on the payday for the month. Moreover, as the material portion of the final
remuneration statements was in effect a disclaimer clause inserted by the
Defendant for its own benefit, it has to be construed strictly against the
Defendant. Accordingly, I find that the 3rd and 7th Plaintiffs’ claims are not
barred by their having signed the final remuneration statement.

Conclusion

126 In conclusion, the Plaintiffs’ claim for breach of contract is allowed.
The Defendant is to pay the Plaintiffs the bonuses declared on Letter Day,
less the 10% that was paid out on 19 February 2009. In addition, pre-judgment
interest at the rate of 5.33% per annum on these sums is to be paid to the
Plaintiffs beginning 19 February 2009 and ending on the date of this decision.

127 Costs are to follow the event, to be taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]_Eg_ , 1ABD39.

[note: 2]1ABD54.

[note: 3]_Eg_ , 1ABD41.

[note: 4]PCB125.

[note: 5]Joerg Hessenmueller’s AEIC at para 23.

[note: 6]4ABD2574.

[note: 7]Joerg Hessenmueller’s AEIC at para 23.

[note: 8]NE 14 March 2013, p 34 line 15 – p 35 line 2 (Stefan Jentzsch).

[note: 9]Lee Lay Hoon’s AEIC at para 31.

[note: 10]Joerg Hessenmueller’s AEIC at para 33.

[note: 11]NE 14 March 2013 at p 53 line 7 – p 54 line 14 (Stefan Jentzsch).

[note: 12]Lee Lay Hoon’s AEIC at para 33.

[note: 13]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 4; PCB5.

[note: 14]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 13.

[note: 15]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 11.

[note: 16]PCB8.

[note: 17]PCB11B.

[note: 18]1ABD300.

[note: 19]PCB12-15; Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 12.

[note: 20]PCB21-23.

[note: 21]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 18-19.

[note: 22]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 26 and 30.

[note: 23]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 34.

[note: 24]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 51.

[note: 25]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 39.

[note: 26]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 40; Daniel John Brader’s AEIC at para
25.

[note: 27]PCB143.

[note: 28]PCB295.

[note: 29]SOC at para 36.

[note: 30]PCB288.

[note: 31]PCB461-463.

[note: 32]PCB464-465.

[note: 33]SOC at para 67.

[note: 34]SOC at para 49-51.

[note: 35]Defence (Amendment No 1) at para 51.

[note: 36]Defence (Amendment No 1) at para 51A.

[note: 37]SOC at para 52.

[note: 38]SOC at para 53.

[note: 39]Defence (Amendment No 1) at para 53-54.

[note: 40]SOC at para 55-57.

[note: 41]Defence (Amendment No 1) at para 56.

[note: 42]Defence (Amendment No 1) at para 57-58.

[note: 43]PCB 138.

[note: 44]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 37.

[note: 45]PCB60-61.

[note: 46]Paragraph 12a of the English Particulars of Claim (3ABD1999-2000)
read with paragraph 22b of the English Defence (3ABD2012).

[note: 47]NE 21 March 2013, p 8-9 (Michael Reuther).

[note: 48]PCB72.

[note: 49]PCB65.

[note: 50]PCB75-82.

[note: 51]NE 15 March 2013, p 5 line 4-11 (Stefan Jentzsch).

[note: 52]PCB83-84.

[note: 53]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 51.

[note: 54]SOC at para 16(c).

[note: 55]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 52(a).

[note: 56]Defence (Amendment No 1) at para 51A.

[note: 57]SOC at para 16(a).

[note: 58]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 52(c).

[note: 59]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 28.

[note: 60]PCB56-57.

[note: 61]PCB65.

[note: 62]NE 25 March 2013, p 74 line 1-20 (Helmut Merkel).

[note: 63]PCB100.

[note: 64]PCB107.

[note: 65]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 59-61.

[note: 66]Monica Conti-Dack’s AEIC at para 21.

[note: 67]NE 12 March 2013, p 138 line 6-24 (Monica Conti-Dack).

[note: 68]NE 18 March 2013, p 87 line 19-25 (Robert Coughlan).

[note: 69]NE 18 March 2013, p 31 line 8-10, p 32 line 5-11 (Poh Tze Tiong).

[note: 70]Defence (Amendment No 1) at para 51A.

[note: 71]NE 14 March 2013, p 130 line 19-p131 line 6 (Stefan Jentzsch).

[note: 72]NE 14 March 2013, p 26 line 12-15 (Stefan Jentzsch).

[note: 73]NE 11 March 2013, p 49 line 9-p50 line 17 (Daniel John Brader); NE
12 March 2013, p 76 line 11-24, p 78 line 6-10 (Monica Conti-Dack).

[note: 74]NE 11 March 2013, p 58 line 14- p 59 line 3 (Daniel John Brader); NE
12 March 2013, p 4 line 31- p 5 line 7 (Daniel John Brader); NE 12 March 2013,
p 88 line 2-13, p 112 line 8-17, p 122 line 6-11 (Monica Conti-Dack); Adrian
Loh Jenn Yeh’s AEIC at para 14; NE 14 March 2013, p 130 line 19-p131 line 6
(Stefan Jentzsch); NE 15 March 2013, p 180 line 21-p181 line 21 (Stefan
Jentzsch); NE 18 March 2013 p 29 line 11-p30 line 13, p 75 line 24-p76 line 2
(Poh Tze Tiong); NE 18 March 2013 p 91 line 12-17 (Robert Coughlan); Anshul
Sidher’s AEIC at para 16; NE 19 March 2013 p 87 line 1-21 (Anshul Sidher); NE
19 March 2013 p 132 line 15-p 133 line 4 (Keith Charles Moore III); NE 19
March 2013 p 143 line 13-21 (Peter Weigel); NE 19 March 2013 p 222 line 20-p
223 line 15 (Xiao Zhao Tan); NE 20 March 2013 p 51 line 3-12 (Keith Alexander
Dack).

[note: 75]Xiao Zhao Tan’s AEIC at para 25.

[note: 76]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 187.

[note: 77]NE 16 April 2013, pp65 line 20-66 line 13 (Lee Lay Hoon).

[note: 78]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 193.

[note: 79]Lee Lay Hoon’s AEIC at para 17.

[note: 80]NE 16 April 2013 at pp 45-46 (Lee Lay Hoon).

[note: 81]PCB73.

[note: 82]_Eg_ , Daniel John Brader’s AEIC at para 17; Anshul Sidher’s AEIC at
para 16; Xiao Zhao Tan’s AEIC at para 12.

[note: 83]_Eg_ , NE 12 March 2013, p 76 line 11-24, p 78 line 6-10 (Monica
Conti-Dack).

[note: 84]PCB60

[note: 85]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 39.

[note: 86]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 163-164.

[note: 87]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 175.

[note: 88]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 30; NE 14 March 2013, p 25 line 3-8;
p26 line 12-21 (Stefan Jentzsch).

[note: 89]PCB125.

[note: 90]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 21.

[note: 91]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 24.

[note: 92]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 25.

[note: 93]PCB65.

[note: 94]Stefan Jentzsch’s AEIC at para 30.

[note: 95]PCB143.

[note: 96]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 85.

[note: 97]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 101.

[note: 98]SOC at para 53.

[note: 99]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 399.

[note: 100]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 399-469.

[note: 101]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 366.

[note: 102]Joerg Hessen Mueller’s AEIC at para 90.

[note: 103]Joerg Hessen Mueller’s AEIC at para 91.

[note: 104]PCB168A.

[note: 105]PCB168D.

[note: 106]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 429; PCB168E.

[note: 107]Michael Paul Reuther’s AEIC at para 29.

[note: 108]Michael Paul Reuther’s AEIC at para 38.

[note: 109]Robert Coughtlan’s AEIC at p 60; Poh Tze Tiong’s AEIC at p 59.

[note: 110]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 399.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

