Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Monteverde Darvin Cynthia _v_ VGO Corp Ltd  
[2013] SGHC 280

Case Number| :| Tribunal Appeal No 20 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 December 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lionel Yee JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The Appellant in person; Charles Phua and Loh Ling Wei
(Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Monteverde Darvin Cynthia — VGO Corp Ltd  
  
31 December 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lionel Yee JC:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal from the decision of the Assistant Commissioner for Labour
(“the Commissioner”) on 31 July 2013 concerning a claim by the Appellant
against her former employer, the Respondent, for overtime pay during the
period of her employment. At the hearing before the Commissioner, the
Appellant appeared in person whereas the Respondent was represented by its
human resource and administrative manager. On appeal, the Appellant remained
in person but was assisted by a McKenzie friend.

2 By way of background, the Appellant was employed by the Respondent as a
senior boutique associate starting from 21 August 2010. She was promoted to a
boutique supervisor with effect from 1 May 2012. It was not disputed that her
last drawn monthly basic salary was $1,900 and that she worked 60 hours per
week. She ceased her employment with the Respondent when her work pass was
cancelled on 17 August 2012. On 3 July 2013, she lodged a claim with the
Commissioner for overtime pay for the period from the date of commencement of
her employment (21 August 2010) to the date of termination of her employment
(17 August 2012).

3 The Commissioner held that by virtue of s 115(2) of the Employment Act (Cap
91, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), any claim more than one year before the date of
lodging the claim (_ie_ , any claim before 4 July 2012) could not be taken
into consideration.[note: 1] The Commissioner went on to determine that the
Appellant was entitled to overtime pay for work done at the employer’s request
beyond the normal working hours of 44 hours per week, calculated at the rate
of 1.5 times the hourly basic rate of pay as provided by s 38(4) of the
Act.[note: 2] The Commissioner found that as the Appellant had agreed to work
60 hours a week at a monthly basic salary of $1,900, it was reasonable to
presume that the parties had agreed for the Respondent to pay a single rate
for all hours of work, including the hours worked in excess of 44 hours a
week. Thus, the Respondent had to pay an additional 0.5 times the hourly basic
rate for the overtime hours.[note: 3] The number of overtime hours worked by
the Appellant between 4 July 2012 and 17 August 2012 was found to be 96 hours
and the Commissioner awarded the Appellant the sum of $479.04, computed as
follows:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Issues in this appeal

4 On appeal, the main issue was whether the Commissioner had erred in
accepting that payments for the overtime hours were already included in the
Appellant’s basic salary of $1,900, except for the increase of 50% (_ie_ , 0.5
times the hourly basic rate of pay) which the Commissioner ordered the
Respondent to pay to the Appellant.

5 While the Appellant had initially raised the argument that the limitation
period of one year stated in s 115(2) of the Act should not preclude her from
claiming her full entitlement of overtime payment, it was clarified at the
hearing before me that she was not pursuing this point.

6 The Respondent submitted that the Appellant’s appeal against the
Commissioner’s decision was out of time since she was granted an extension to
appeal by 17 September 2013 but only filed her appeal on 25 September 2013.
The Appellant explained that she had filed the necessary documents on time but
due to issues with the filing system, the appeal was recorded as only having
been filed on 25 September 2013. Counsel for the Respondent could not point to
any prejudice suffered by the delay in filing. In fact, the Respondent’s
written submissions described the delay as “technically a procedural
irregularity”.[note: 4] Since the Respondent had suffered no prejudice, I
found it unnecessary to determine exactly what had happened. Instead, to put
the matter beyond doubt, I granted an extension of time retrospectively for
the Appellant to file her appeal by 25 September 2013.

Amount of overtime payment due to the Appellant

7 The key provision in this appeal is s 38 of the Act. Pursuant to s 38(4) of
the Act, if an employee at the request of the employer works more than 44
hours in one week, then, subject to certain exceptions, the employee is
entitled to be paid for such extra work at the rate of at least one and half
times the hourly basic rate of pay. Section 38(6)(_a_) of the Act then
explains how this “hourly basic rate of pay” is to be computed in the case of
a person employed on a monthly rate of pay, that is, by taking 12 times the
“monthly basic rate of pay” divided by 52 times 44 hours. The “monthly basic
rate of pay” is thus the proper starting point for calculating the payment due
for overtime to an employee under s 38(6)(_a_) of the Act. Section 2(1) of the
Act in turn defines “basic rate of pay” as follows:

“basic rate of pay” means the total amount of money (including wage
adjustments and increments) to which an employee is entitled under his
contract of service either for working for a period of time, that is, for one
hour, one day, one week, one month or for such other period as may be stated
or implied in his contract of service, or for each completed piece or task of
work but does not include —

(_a_) additional payments by way of overtime payments;

……..

8 The root of the present dispute is the parties’ disagreement on what sum of
money constitutes the “basic rate of pay”. The Respondent did not dispute that
the Appellant was entitled to additional payment for overtime hours worked but
argued that since she had already received some of her overtime pay in her
monthly salary of $1,900 at a multiplier of 1, she should only be awarded
additional payment for the overtime hours worked at a multiplier of 0.5.[note:
5] What the Respondent was essentially saying was that the Appellant’s “basic
rate of pay” was _not_ $1,900 because $1,900 was for 60 hours of work per week
and 16 of those 60 hours were overtime hours.[note: 6] In contrast the
Appellant’s position appeared to be that her monthly salary of $1,900 as
stated in her contract of service was her “basic rate of pay” as it did _not_
include any overtime payments. Accordingly, the Appellant calculated her
hourly basic rate according to s 38(6)(_a_) of the Act as follows:3

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

The Appellant therefore submitted that she was entitled to additional payments
for overtime totalling $1,435.68 (being her hourly basic rate of $9.97 x 96
hours x 1.5).

9 Since s 2(1) of the Act defines “basic rate of pay” with reference to the
total amount of money “to which an employee is entitled under his contract of
service”, I have to examine the terms of the Appellant’s contract of service.
Clause 3 of the Appellant’s contract provided that her basic salary was $1,800
per month, which was later revised to $1,900 per month when she was promoted
in May 2012. Clause 6 provided that the Appellant was “required to work a
maximum of sixty (60) hours per week subject to the outlet’s roster”. Clause 7
stated that “[t]here shall be no claim for overtime and / or replacement hours
off as you are hired for job completion and not for number of hours worked”.

10 In my judgment, the Appellant’s “monthly basic rate of pay” for the
purposes of s 38(6)(_a_) of the Act is the sum of $1,900. First, the
Appellant’s contract of service only provided for a salary of $1,900 per month
covering a maximum of 60 working hours per week. It expressly disclaimed the
concept of additional payment for overtime hours worked, stating that the
Appellant was “hired for job completion and not for number of hours worked”.
Second, as pointed out by the Appellant, clause 6 of the contract of service
does not provide for a fixed number of hours to be worked but purportedly
imposes an obligation on the part of the Appellant to work a _maximum_ of 60
hours per week.[note: 7] If the Respondent had required her to work fewer than
60 hours a week in any given month — and this would include the situation
where she was asked to work fewer than the statutory limit of 44 hours a week
— it would still be obliged to pay her a monthly salary of $1,900 and no less.
Therefore the monthly salary of $1,900 cannot be said to have included any
“additional payment by way of overtime payments” as envisaged by the
definition of “basic rate of pay” in s 2(1) of the Act and must be taken to be
the “monthly basic rate of pay” for the purposes of calculating payments due
for overtime to the Appellant.

11 Thus, using $1,900 as the Appellant’s monthly basic rate of pay and
applying this figure to the formula laid out in s 38(6)(_a_), the Appellant is
_prima facie_ entitled to additional payment of $1,435.68 for the 96 overtime
hours she worked.

12 I should add that my finding would not be different even if clause 6 of the
contract required the Appellant to work a fixed number of 60 hours a week
rather than expressing this as a maximum. This is because s 8 of the Act
renders every term of a contract of service which provides a condition of
service which is less favourable to an employee than those prescribed in the
Act illegal, null and void to the extent that it is so less favourable. As
correctly pointed out by the Appellant, clause 6 of her contract of service
would, in this situation, be void to the extent that it required her to work
more than 44 hours in a week and the clause would be consequently be treated
as one which only imposed an obligation to work no more than 44 hours a week.
But the Respondent’s contractual obligation to pay her a monthly salary of
$1,900 would remain unchanged and $1,900 would accordingly constitute her
“monthly basic rate of pay” under s 38(6)(_a_) of the Act.

13 I next consider whether any payments already made by the Respondent can be
said to have been paid to the Appellant for her hours worked in excess of 44
hours a week and accordingly have to be deducted from the sum of $1,435.68.
Given my earlier findings that the Appellant’s salary of $1,900 under her
contract of employment did not include any overtime component and that under
the contract of employment, the Appellant would have been entitled to be paid
$1,900 per month even if she worked only 44 hours a week, I am unable to
conclude that any such credit can be given to the Respondent in this case.

14 For the sake of completeness I will also deal with the Appellant’s argument
that the Respondent had made false declarations to the Ministry of Manpower
when applying for the Appellant’s work pass (known as an “S Pass”) by
declaring that the Appellant would be paid a monthly salary of $1,800 per
month which, under the relevant rules, necessarily _excluded_ any overtime
payments, contrary to the Respondent’s submissions before the Commissioner.
According to the Appellant, the minimum monthly salary for an “S Pass” holder
was increased to $2,000 in July 2011 but the Respondent failed to increase her
salary from $1,800 and did not declare to the Ministry her revised salary of
$1,900 in May 2012. In the hearing before me, counsel for the Respondent
sought leave to file a further affidavit to address these points. However, I
am of the view that this issue is not relevant to this appeal. Whether or not
the Appellant’s employment pass had been properly obtained and whether there
had been any related breach of statutory provisions by the Respondent is not a
matter which needs to be determined in this case. I therefore decline to give
the Respondent leave to file a further affidavit in this respect.

Conclusion

15 For the reasons set out above, I allow the appeal and vary the
Commissioner’s award of $479.04 to the Appellant to $1,435.68. As for costs,
since the Appellant is in person, the Respondent is to pay to the Appellant
her reasonable disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]The Commissioner’s Grounds of Decision (“the GD”) at [16].

[note: 2]The GD at [23].

[note: 3]The GD at [24].

[note: 4]Respondent’s Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at para 7.

[note: 5]Respondent’s Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at para 21.

[note: 6]Respondent’s Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at paras 14–15.

[note: 7]Appellant’s Submissions filed on 12 December 2013 at para 14.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Dec 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

