Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AXM _v_ AXO  
[2013] SGHC 108

Case Number| :| Divorce No 4306 of 2008 (Registrar's Appeal from Subordinate
Courts No 55 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 May 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Linda Ong and Tan Li Jie (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for
the plaintiff; Defendant in-person.  
Parties| :|  AXM — AXO  
  
15 May 2013|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff (wife) and defendant (husband) married in Australia on 29
September 2001. They have three children aged 11, 8 and 6. They are all
Australian citizens and are all residing in Australia. The ancillary matters
were heard by District Judge Jen Koh (“the District Judge”) who delivered her
judgment on 12 June 2012.

2 The plaintiff appealed against the District Judge’s orders concerning
maintenance for the children as well as for the plaintiff. She also appealed
against the District Judge’s order that the maintenance order be backdated to
1 May 2011. Finally, the plaintiff also appealed against the order concerning
the division of matrimonial assets.

3 Lengthy and detailed submissions were made by counsel for the parties before
me on appeal. On 3 October 2012 I dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal. The
plaintiff then sought leave from me to appeal to the Court of Appeal.

4 I was of the view that the plaintiff’s claims did not merit any further
determination in our courts. I was of the view that the plaintiff could and
ought to have sought relief in the Australian courts. Now that both of them as
well as their children and assets are in Australia, it is even less
appropriate for the matter to be pursued further in our courts. I declined to
grant leave to appeal.

5 The plaintiff’s application to the Court of Appeal was dismissed save for
the straightforward issue of whether the District Judge was entitled to
backdate the final order regarding maintenance to 1 May 2011. I accept that an
interim maintenance award should generally not be disturbed by way of
backdating because, unless revised on appeal, it represents what was right and
fair at the time. However, the courts do have the power to backdate a final
award of maintenance, where, for example, it was of the view that the final
award was made with fuller arguments on both sides that may have enabled the
court to make small, minor adjustments without having to change the principal
amount. In this case, the court seemed to have done just that. The court below
took into account the fact that the defendant had applied to vary the
maintenance on 22 November 2010 but that application was stalled till October
2011 when the third ancillary affidavits were filed. The delays were
occasioned by the plaintiff who sought time to find supporting documents in
aid of her case. She also filed further submissions. The court found that the
delays had prejudiced the defendant’s application for a variation. The
defendant indeed continued to pay the interim maintenance until he was unable
to do so, after which, he disposed of his assets to pay the maintenance.
Ultimately, he served two weeks’ imprisonment when he was unable to make the
payments. His employment pass was revoked on account of his imprisonment. The
court did not believe that the defendant would have done all this merely to
avoid paying the maintenance. Having heard the defendant’s arguments in person
on appeal, I am of the view that there was no reason for me to disagree with
the court’s findings and opinion below. Counsel for the plaintiff was unable
to adduce any evidence or present any argument to the contrary.

6 In my view, the District Judge was entitled to backdate the payment of
A$5,000 as maintenance for the children to 1 May 2011. I agree with the
District Judge that the delays in prosecuting the ancillary matters entitled
her to backdate the payments and that the period of 10 months was not unfair
or excessive. The reasons for the backdating are found in pages 14 to 20 of
the District Judge’s grounds of decision dated 12 June 2012.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 May 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

