Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Koh Swee Beng _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 133

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 1 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S K Kumar (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) for the appellant;
Marcus Foo Guo Wen and Clarence Chua (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Koh Swee Beng — Public Prosecutor  
  
17 July 2013|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant pleaded guilty to eight charges for various offences. 18 other
charges were taken into account for sentencing. Three of the charges which are
subject to this appeal are DAC No 31305 of 2012 under s 8(b)(ii) Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed), for consumption of methamphetamine, DAC No
35669 of 2012 for trafficking of methamphetamine under s 5(1)(a) and s 5(2) of
the same, and DAC No 44627 of 2012 for possession of offensive weapons under s
6(1) of the Corrosive and Explosive Substances and Offensive Weapons Act (Cap
65, 1985 Rev Ed). He was sentenced to seven years’ imprisonment and six
strokes of the cane, six years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane, and
nine months’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for the said charges
respectively. The sentences were ordered to run consecutively, thus, the total
term of imprisonment ordered was 13 years and nine months with 18 strokes of
the cane.

2 The punishment prescribed by law in the above charges are a minimum
mandatory sentence of seven years imprisonment and six strokes of the cane and
up to 13 years imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for s 8(b)(ii) of the
Misuse of Drugs Act for DAC No 31305, a minimum mandatory term of imprisonment
of five years and five strokes for s 5(1)/s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act
and up to a maximum of 20 years imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane in
respect of DAC No 35669, and up to three years imprisonment and six strokes of
the cane in respect of DAC No 44627.

3 The appellant’s counsel, Mr S K Kumar submitted that the “one transaction”
rule should apply in respect of the two charges relating to methamphetamine
because the methamphetamine under trafficking charge under s 5(2) of the
Misuse of Drugs Act and the methamphetamine which he consumed were one and the
same parcel. He argued that the two charges should not be treated as separate
offences. The appellant was not charged with trafficking for the drug that he
consumed. Consumption and trafficking are distinct offences and thus an
accused may be charged for both.

4 Counsel submitted that in Mohamad Iskandar bin Basri v PP [2006] SGHC 158,
the court had treated the offences of causing death of one person and causing
grievous hurt to two other victims arising from the same motor vehicle
accident caused by the negligence of the accused as offences committed in one
transaction. I think that where drug trafficking is concerned an appropriate
analogy would be one in which a trafficker sold drugs to two different
purchasers at the same time. It might also be analogous where an offender was
caught with drugs in his possession where part of the drugs was kept in his
home and part in his car. They are all in his possession at the one and same
time albeit stored in different places. Thus, if an offender had consumed some
of the drugs in his possession for which he was charged for trafficking, the
sentencing court can take this factor into account for the purposes of
sentencing, but not, strictly speaking, as part of the same transaction rule,
but as part of the individual circumstances of the case. In that regard, the
court may take into account that the consumption offence arose from the
offender’s addiction, and that the trafficking was carried out to feed the
offender’s own addiction. It is one of the factors that the court may take
into account, and give such weight (or none at all) to it as it thinks fit.

5 In the circumstances of this case, there was no reason to interfere with the
sentences passed by the court below. The appeal was therefore dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

