Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Koh Chong Chiah and others _v_ Treasure Resort Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGCA 52

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 36 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Koh Swee Yen, Paul Loy and Benjamin Fong (WongPartnership
LLP) for the appellants; Adrian Tan and Jackson Eng (Drew & Napier LLC) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Koh Chong Chiah and others — Treasure Resort Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 1 SLR 1069.]

1 October 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The present appeal raises the question of the scope and application of O 15
r 12(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of
Court”), which concerns when a representative action may be brought.

The facts

Background to the originating suit

2 The suit from which this appeal arises, Suit No 849 of 2009 (“Suit 849”),
was commenced pursuant to O 15 r 12(1) of the Rules of Court (“O 15 r 12(1)”)
by seven persons, _viz_ , Koh Chong Chiah, Soh Kah Wah alias Vincent Leow, Ong
Hong Poh Cecilia, Yip Kum Thong, Tsu Pei Yuke, Yeo Choon Hock Christopher and
Rozario Roland Charles (“the Representative Plaintiffs”), on behalf of
themselves as well as 202 other persons listed in Schedule 2 of the Statement
of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 9 April 2012 (“SOC No 2”), all of whom were
members of Sijori Resort Club, Sentosa (“the Club”). The Representative
Plaintiffs are the appellants in the present appeal. In this judgment, we
shall refer to the 202 persons listed in Schedule 2 of SOC No 2 as “the
Represented Persons”, and to the Representative Plaintiffs and the Represented
Persons collectively as “the Claimants”.

3 Treasure Resort Pte Ltd (“Treasure”) is the first defendant in Suit 849 and
the respondent in the present appeal. Colony Members Service Club Pte Ltd
(“Colony”) is the second defendant in that suit, but it is not a respondent in
this appeal. Both Treasure and Colony are subsidiaries of Maxz Universal
Development Group Pte Ltd.

4 The land on which the Club’s premises and facilities are situated (“the
Land”) was leased by Sentosa Development Corporation (“SDC”) to Sijori Resort
(Sentosa) Pte Ltd (“Sijori”) for a period of 81 years until 2075 pursuant to a
building agreement dated 21 October 1994 (“the Building Agreement”).

5 Between 1994 and 2004, Sijori, through various means, including brochures,
marketing agents and tie-ups with credit card companies, invited the public to
apply for membership of the Club. Individuals who wished to become Club
members had to submit a membership application form and pay an entrance fee to
Sijori. There were eight different versions of the membership application form
(numbered “M1” to “M8” in Schedule 3 of SOC No 2) in use during that period to
enable the public to apply for Club membership.[note: 1] The entrance fees
paid by Club members ranged from $10,000 to $25,750. Club members also had to
pay a monthly subscription fee of $30 for an individual membership and $50 for
a family membership.

6 On 26 January 2006, Sijori sold the Club to Treasure pursuant to an option
to purchase of the same date (“the OTP”).[note: 2] Under the terms of the OTP,
Sijori also granted Treasure an option to purchase the property on the Land.
Clause 2(g) of the OTP provided as follows in relation to the status of the
Club members:[note: 3]

[Treasure] agrees to offer to members of [the Club] who have contracted with
[Sijori], a new contract of membership on substantially the same terms and
conditions which they (the members) have entered into with [Sijori]. _Provided
always, [Treasure] shall be at liberty to impose such other terms and
conditions as [Treasure] shall deem fit for such membership and for the
avoidance of doubt [Treasure] shall in its own discretion decide which of such
members it will make the aforesaid offer to. In the event the members do not
accept the offer by [Treasure], [Treasure] shall have no further liability to
the said members under this clause._ [emphasis added]

In July 2006, Sijori and Treasure agreed to amend cl 2(g) of the OTP by
deleting the words in italics above.[note: 4]

7 The sale was subject to the novation of the Building Agreement to Treasure
in order for it to operate a hotel on the Land. On 14 November 2006, Treasure,
Sijori and SDC signed a deed of novation under which Treasure became the new
lessee of the Land and agreed to perform the Building Agreement in place of
Sijori. On the same day, Treasure and SDC also entered into a supplemental
agreement under which SDC leased to Treasure a piece of land adjacent to the
Land (“the Additional Land”), and Treasure further agreed to redevelop the
existing property on the Land and the Additional Land into a hotel
development.

8 On 16 November 2006, Sijori and Treasure concluded a membership management
transfer agreement (“the Transfer Agreement”) covering the Club members, which
then numbered approximately 1,591. The Transfer Agreement was expressed to be
“supplemental to the conditions stated in [the OTP] with reference to
membership concerns”.[note: 5] Pursuant to the Transfer Agreement, Treasure
agreed to take over the management of the Club’s membership with effect from
16 November 2006, and also to accord “substantially similar terms and
conditions of membership”[note: 6] to the Club members with reference to
certain membership privileges, including complimentary room vouchers for three
nights yearly and free use of the swimming pool and the gymnasium.

9 Pursuant to cl 11 of the Transfer Agreement, on 16 December 2006, Treasure
wrote to inform all the Club members that (_inter alia_):

(a) it was the new owner of the Land;

(b) Club members would be able to continue enjoying the membership privileges
accorded to them under their existing membership with the Club as long as they
continued to pay their monthly subscription fees to Treasure;

(c) the membership privileges which Club members would continue to enjoy
included all existing benefits extended to them when the Club was owned by
Sijori; and

(d) Treasure would correspond with the Club members in due course and was
“making the necessary paperwork arrangements for the transfer to be completed
by end January 2007”.[note: 7]

On 18 December 2006, Sijori sent a letter with broadly similar contents to the
Club members.[note: 8]

10 On 27 December 2006, Treasure wrote to inform the Club members to direct
their monthly subscription fees to it with effect from January 2007.[note: 9]
Accordingly, from January 2007 onwards, the Club members, including the
Representative Plaintiffs, made payment of their monthly subscription fees to
Treasure.

11 On 4 February 2008, Treasure wrote to inform the Club members, including
the Representative Plaintiffs, of an offer of a new Club membership contract
through Colony in lieu of their existing Club membership contracts.[note: 10]
The offer and the terms of the new Club membership contract were set out in
Colony’s letter of the same date to the Club members. Amongst the changes, the
monthly subscription fees under the new Club membership contract would be $165
for an individual membership and $275 for a family membership, a more than
five-fold increase from the original monthly subscription fees (see [5]
above). Club members were given until 5 March 2008 to accept the offer; they
were also informed that those who rejected the offer would not be entitled to
any rights and privileges as a member of Colony, and would have to look to
Sijori for any recourse.

12 Eventually, on 12 October 2009, the Representative Plaintiffs, on behalf of
themselves and 198 Club members, filed Suit 849 against Treasure and Colony.
Of the causes of action pleaded in the Representative Plaintiffs’ Statement of
Claim dated 12 October 2009 (“the Original SOC”), those which are material for
the purposes of this appeal are the following:

(a) _vis-à-vis_ Treasure – breach of contract, repudiation of contract and
misrepresentation; and

(b) _vis-à-vis_ Treasure and Colony jointly – conspiracy to injure.

In respect of their contractual claims, the Representative Plaintiffs alleged
that from January 2007 onwards, Treasure acted in breach of the terms of the
Club members’ membership agreements with Sijori (“the Original Membership
Agreements”), which membership agreements had been novated to Treasure (the
Original Membership Agreements will be referred to as “the Novated Membership
Agreements” after their alleged novation to Treasure). The Representative
Plaintiffs further pleaded that on or around 4 February 2008, Treasure, by
reason of (_inter alia_) its letter of the same date to the Club members,
repudiated the Novated Membership Agreements. With regard to their claim for
misrepresentation, the Representative Plaintiffs pleaded that Treasure made
the representations set out at [9(b)]–[9(d)] above (“the Representations”)
fraudulently; they also relied on s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390,
1994 Rev Ed) in the alternative. As for the claim based on conspiracy to
injure, that was based on Treasure’s alleged breach and repudiation of the
Novated Membership Agreements as well as the matters outlined at [11] above.
The Original SOC was later amended on 2 December 2009 to add four more persons
to the list of Club members set out in Schedule 2.

13 As we see it, the reliefs sought in respect of the above causes of action
are, in brief:

(a) a declaration that each of the Claimants is entitled to damages (to be
assessed separately at the assessment of damages stage) from Treasure for
breach and repudiation of contract, as well as for misrepresentation; and

(b) a declaration that Treasure and Colony are jointly and severally liable to
each of the Claimants in damages (likewise to be assessed separately at the
assessment of damages stage) for conspiracy to injure by lawful or unlawful
means.

Treasure’s interlocutory applications

14 On 28 June 2010, Treasure filed Summons No 2965 of 2010 for an order that
Suit 849 be discontinued pursuant to O 15 r 12(1) (“the Discontinuation
Application”), and Summons No 2967 of 2010 for an order that certain
paragraphs of the Representative Plaintiffs’ then statement of claim (_viz_ ,
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) dated 2 December 2009 (“SOC No 1”)) be
struck out (“the Striking-Out Application”).

15 The same assistant registrar (“the AR”) heard both applications and
dismissed both of them in his decision issued on 27 June 2011. Dissatisfied,
Treasure appealed against both decisions of the AR by way of Registrar’s
Appeal No 209 of 2011 (“RA 209”) _vis-à-vis_ the Discontinuation Application
and Registrar’s Appeal No 210 of 2011 (“RA 210”) _vis-à-vis_ the Striking-Out
Application. The same High Court judge (“the Judge”) heard both appeals. She
allowed RA 209 in full, and allowed RA 210 in so far as while she did not
grant the relief prayed for in the Striking-Out Application, she ordered the
Representative Plaintiffs to amend those paragraphs of SOC No 1 which were the
subject matter of that application. The result is that as the Judge’s decision
currently stands, Suit 849 will not continue as a representative action.

The decision below

16 As the Representative Plaintiffs appealed to this court only in respect of
the Judge’s decision in RA 209, the Judge’s written grounds of decision, _Koh
Chong Chiah and others v Treasure Resort Pte Ltd and another_ [2013] 1 SLR
1069 (“the GD”), dealt with that registrar’s appeal alone. In brief, the Judge
held that the Representative Plaintiffs were unable to show that the Claimants
had the requisite “same interest in [the] proceedings”, an essential
prerequisite stipulated in O 15 r 12(1) for the institution of a
representative action. The Judge noted that the Claimants became Club members
at different times and under different arrangements (see the GD at [31], [41]
and [63]), having signed different versions of the membership application form
whose terms were not identical. The membership benefits accorded to each
Claimant thus differed, depending on the specific version of the membership
application form which he or she had signed (see the GD at [41]). The Judge
rejected the Representative Plaintiffs’ pleaded case that the Claimants’
entitlement to membership benefits was based on either express and/or implied
terms as this would have, in her view, placed Treasure in an invidious
position (see the GD at [30]).

17 The Judge further found that the Representative Plaintiffs’ contention that
Treasure had denied the Claimants their membership privileges and thereby
breached the Novated Membership Agreements was fraught with difficulty as the
Claimants were relying not on one, but on a number of defaulting incidents
which were not common to all of them (see the GD at [35]). Addressing the
specific alleged breach arising from Treasure’s non-provision of complimentary
room vouchers between January 2007 and February 2008, she held that if an
individual Claimant had not even attempted to make use of his or her
complimentary room vouchers, he or she would have no basis to be party to the
complaint of being denied this particular membership privilege.

18 Further and related to the lack of commonality in the circumstances of
Treasure’s alleged breaches of the Novated Membership Agreements was the
Judge’s concern that Treasure would be deprived of defences specific to each
defaulting incident. She noted, for instance, that where a particular Claimant
was denied a complimentary room stay because of renovation works at the Club
or a lack of room availability, Treasure could raise the defence that the
complimentary room stay was subject to room availability (see the GD at [38]).

19 The Judge also briefly considered the Representative Plaintiffs’
misrepresentation claim and noted the difficulties faced by the Representative
Plaintiffs in establishing that the Representations (as defined at [12] above)
had indeed been made by Treasure to all the Claimants. Difficulties as to
proof also existed _vis-à-vis_ whether the Claimants had in fact relied on the
Representations, and if so, to what extent (see the GD at [42]).

20 Finally, the Judge held that for Suit 849 to proceed as a representative
action, each and every one of the Claimants must have suffered “the same loss
or … an identical loss to the same extent” (see the GD at [43]). She opined
that a representative action would clearly be unsuitable as, should the
Representative Plaintiffs succeed, each Claimant would have to return to court
to prove individually the damages or loss which he or she had suffered as a
result of Treasure’s breach and repudiation of contract and/or
misrepresentation (see, likewise, [43] of the GD).

21 For the above reasons, the Judge allowed RA 209, thereby discontinuing Suit
849 as a representative action, albeit without prejudice to each of the
Represented Persons commencing a separate action in his or her own right in
either the High Court or the Subordinate Courts (see the GD at [3]).

The parties’ submissions in this appeal

22 We turn now to the parties’ submissions in this appeal. In brief, the
Representative Plaintiffs (the appellants in this appeal) submit that the
Judge erred in law and in fact in discontinuing Suit 849 as a representative
action for the following reasons. First, contrary to recent Commonwealth
judicial pronouncements on provisions similar to our O 15 r 12(1),[note: 11]
the Judge adopted a “fine-toothed comb”[note: 12] approach in determining if
the “same interest in [the] proceedings” requirement in O 15 r 12(1) (“the
‘same interest’ requirement”) had been met, and therefore failed to give
sufficient weight to the underlying rationale and policy of that
provision.[note: 13] Second, the Judge incorrectly found that: (a) the
allegedly dissimilar terms of the various versions of the membership
application form in use at the material time (_ie_ , from 1994 to 2004) meant
that there was a lack of common interest among the Claimants;[note: 14] and
(b) such dissimilar terms were incapable of establishing commonality in a
representative action.[note: 15] Thirdly, the Representative Plaintiffs submit
that contrary to what the Judge held, there was sufficient generality in the
alleged breaches of Treasure’s obligations to the Claimants for a common
grievance to be found.[note: 16] Finally, they submit that the declaratory
reliefs sought will be beneficial to all the Claimants,[note: 17] and that the
discontinuation of Suit 849 as a representative action will severely prejudice
each of the Claimants.[note: 18]

23 In contrast, Treasure submits that the Judge’s decision below is correct as
the Representative Plaintiffs failed to establish that the claims set out in
SOC No 2 gave rise to the same issues to be determined by the court as a
matter of fact.[note: 19] First, Treasure submits that given the different
versions of the membership application form in use at the material time, the
Claimants did not execute a common membership agreement[note: 20] and thus
could not have a common interest. Second, Treasure contends that the Judge was
correct in focusing on the circumstances surrounding the alleged breaches of
Treasure’s obligations to the Claimants as this was critical to the question
of liability.[note: 21] Treasure emphasises that in the light of the different
circumstances surrounding the alleged breaches, the Claimants cannot be
claiming for the same breaches. Finally, Treasure submits that the
Representative Plaintiffs failed to demonstrate how the Judge improperly
exercised her discretion under O 15 r 12(1) to discontinue Suit 849 as a
representative action.[note: 22]

24 The following issues therefore arise in relation to this appeal:

(a) the nature and extent of the “same interest” requirement in O 15 r 12(1);

(b) the nature of the court’s discretion in O 15 r 12(1); and

(c) whether, on the facts of the present case, Suit 849 was properly commenced
as a representative action, and if so, whether it should be allowed to proceed
as such with regard to the Representative Plaintiffs’ claims for breach and
repudiation of contract, misrepresentation and conspiracy to injure.

The law on representative actions

Overview

25 We think it expedient to first address the nature of a representative
action. In this regard, O 15 r 12(1) is germane:

Where numerous persons have the _same interest_ in any proceedings, not being
such proceedings as are mentioned in Rule 13, the proceedings may be begun,
and, _unless the Court otherwise orders_ , continued, by or against any one or
more of them as representing all or as representing all except one or more of
them. [emphasis added]

For ease of reference, we shall, in discussing this provision, use the
following terms where appropriate to the context:

(a) “representative plaintiff” to denote the plaintiff who seeks to bring a
representative action;

(b) “representative defendant” to denote the defendant who is sued in a
representative capacity;

(c) “represented persons” to denote the persons whom the representative
plaintiff purports to represent;

(d) “represented defendants” to denote the persons whom the representative
defendant purports to represent; and

(e) “claimants” to denote the representative plaintiff and the represented
persons collectively (in the context of representative actions brought by
representative plaintiffs).

We should also point out that as this appeal concerns a representative action
brought by representative plaintiffs against two defendants sued in their
individual capacities (as opposed to against representative defendants), our
discussion of O 15 r 12(1) will, unless otherwise indicated, be from the
viewpoint of representative actions (brought by representative plaintiffs)
which do not involve representative defendants.

26 Essentially, what is sought in a representative action is a final
determination of the rights of all the claimants _vis-à-vis_ the defendant and
_vice versa_ based _solely on the claims brought by the representative
plaintiff and the defence raised by the defendant_. Therefore, all the
claimants in a representative action will succeed or fail based on the
strength of the case mounted by the representative plaintiff and the defence
pleaded by the defendant. Order 15 r 12(3) further provides:

A judgment or order given in proceedings under this Rule shall be binding on
all the persons as representing whom the plaintiffs sue or, as the case may
be, the defendants are sued, but shall not be enforced against any person not
a party to the proceedings except with the leave of the Court.

In the words of Jeffrey Pinsler SC, _Singapore Court Practice 2009_
(LexisNexis, 2009) at para 15/12/1, “[t]he representative action was
introduced so that persons interested in the proceedings could be directly
involved, not by being parties themselves, but through representation”. Hence,
the “same interest” requirement is really the crux of O 15 r 12(1). But, as
will be elaborated in a moment, this does not mean that the interests of the
claimants must be _identical_ in all respects before this requirement is met.
The main thing is that the claimants must share some _common_ interests in
relation to a substantial question (or questions) of fact or law. That said,
we ought to also underscore that a representative action should not be allowed
to proceed where it is in reality a composite of completely disparate actions.

27 Order 15 r 12(1) also vests a residual discretion in the court to refuse to
permit proceedings to be continued in the form of a representative action even
where it is found that the claimants have the same interest in the
proceedings. This discretion is apparent from the words “unless the Court
otherwise orders” in the provision, and has been recognised in various common
law authorities including _J Bollinger SA and Another v Goldwell Limited_
[1971] RPC 412, which considered the application of O 15 r 12(1) of the Rules
of the Supreme Court 1965 (SI 1965 No 1776) (UK) (“RSC 1965 (UK)”), a
provision _in pari materia_ with our O 15 r 12(1). In that case, Megarry J
stated (at 420):

… The power to bring representative proceedings is a beneficial power, as
tending to finality in disputes and I would not readily curtail it: but there
must be an overriding consideration, namely, whether the proceedings are of a
nature which is suitable for such proceedings. That suitability will normally
be established where for the purposes of the dispute the three-fold test of
common interest, common grievance and a remedy beneficial to all is satisfied:
but I do not think that this necessarily suffices in every case. … _The words
“unless the court otherwise orders” seems to me to contemplate that even if
the numerous persons have the same interest, the court has a discretion to
refuse to permit the proceedings to be continued in the form of a
representative action_. [emphasis added]

28 In the Australian High Court case of _Carnie and another v Esanda Finance
Corporation Limited_ (1995) 182 CLR 398 (“ _Carnie_ ”), a representative
action was brought under Part 8, r 13(1) of the Supreme Court Rules 1970 (NSW)
(“the 1970 NSW Rules”), a provision materially similar to our O 15 r 12(1).
Part 8, r 13(1) of the 1970 NSW Rules provided as follows:

Where numerous persons have the same interest in any proceedings the
proceedings may be commenced, and, unless the Court otherwise orders,
continued by or against any one or more of them as representing all or as
representing all except one or more of them.

McHugh J noted (at 427):

In my opinion, a plaintiff and the represented persons have “the same
interest” in legal proceedings when they have a community of interest in the
determination of any substantial question of law or fact that arises in the
proceedings. _Other factors may make it undesirable that the proceedings
should continue as a representative action, but that is a matter for the
exercise of discretion, not jurisdiction_. [emphasis added]

29 Therefore, O 15 r 12(1) operates in **two stages** – a jurisdictional
stage, followed by a discretionary stage. At the first (jurisdictional) stage,
the threshold requirement that the claimants have the same interest in the
proceedings (_ie_ , the “same interest” requirement) must be met. It is only
after the “same interest” requirement is met and the representative action
properly commenced that we come to the second (discretionary) stage. At this
stage, the court may exercise its discretion to discontinue the proceedings in
question as a representative action where the overall circumstances of the
case so justify.

The origin and rationale of O 15 r 12(1)

30 Any inquiry into the nature and scope of O 15 r 12(1) must necessarily be
informed by an understanding of its history and the policy behind it. This is
a matter which we shall now consider.

31 Representative actions were first developed by the Courts of Chancery in
response to the injustice arising from the insistence that all the parties
interested in the outcome of a case must be joined in the proceedings. As
explained by Lord Macnaghten in the seminal English case _The Duke of Bedford
v Ellis and Others_ [1901] AC 1 (“ _Bedford_ ”) at 8:

… The old rule in the Court of Chancery was very simple and perfectly well
understood. Under the old practice the Court required the presence of all
parties interested in the matter in suit, in order that a final end might be
made of the controversy. _But when the parties were so numerous that you never
could “come at justice”, to use an expression in one of the older cases, if
everybody interested was made a party, the rule was not allowed to stand in
the way. It was originally a rule of convenience: for the sake of convenience
it was relaxed_. Given a common interest and a common grievance, a
representative suit was in order if the relief sought was in its nature
beneficial to all whom the plaintiff proposed to represent. … [emphasis added]

Following the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873 (c 66) (UK) (“the 1873 UK
Act”), the representative action rule which existed in the Chancery Courts was
extended to common law actions through r 10 of the Rules of Procedure set out
in the Schedule to the 1873 UK Act, which rule was subsequently replaced by O
16 r 9 of the Rules of the Supreme Court 1883 (UK) (“RSC 1883 (UK)”). The
latter rule remained in force until it was replaced by O 15 r 12(1) of the
Rules of the Supreme Court (Revision) 1962 (SI 1962 No 2145) (UK), which in
turn subsequently became O 15 r 12(1) of RSC 1965 (UK).

32 Given the equitable origin of O 15 r 12(1), we are of the view that its
application should be broad and flexible. The words of Vinelott J in
_Prudential Assurance Co Ltd v Newman Industries Ltd and Others_ [1981] 1 Ch
229 (“ _Prudential Assurance_ ”) at 245 come to mind – “[c]onsideration of the
history of the rule … militates against any narrow construction of it”. As was
further observed in Peter Cashman, _Class Action Law and Practice_ (The
Federation Press, 2007) at para 3.2.1:

_The re-formulation of the representative action rule in terms of ‘same
interest’ was not intended to give the rule a narrower operation than the
former Chancery practice, which was premised on a ‘common interest’_. The rule
was intended to facilitate the administration of justice and ‘ought to be
applied to the exigencies of modern life as the occasion requires’. [emphasis
added]

33 We therefore concur with Megarry J’s view in _John v Rees and Others_
[1970] Ch 345 (at 370) that “the rule is to be treated as being not a rigid
matter of principle but a flexible tool of convenience in the administration
of justice”. In this regard, we find it significant that unlike the new
English Civil Procedure Rules (“CPR”) which provide for the mechanism of a
group litigation order to manage claims which give rise to common or related
issues of fact or law (see CPR rr 19.10–19.15), there is no such mechanism in
Singapore. As Jeffrey Pinsler SC, commenting on our O 15 r 12(1), opined in
_Principles of Civil Procedure_ (Academy Publishing, 2013) at para 07.053:

Unlike other jurisdictions which recognise class actions or a case-managed
group litigation system, the representative action under Order 15 rule 12 of
the Rules of Court is the only general process in Singapore which enables a
large number of persons to be directly involved in the litigation. Accordingly
_, it is important that the rule be interpreted as flexibly as possible to
preserve the principle of access to justice._ … [emphasis added]

In a similar vein, Mason CJ, Deane and Dawson JJ of the Australian High Court
observed in _Carnie_ (at 404) _vis-à-vis_ the representative action rule in
Part 8, r 13(1) of the 1970 NSW Rules:

… All that this sub-rule requires is numerous parties who have the same
interest. _The sub-rule is expressed in broad terms and it is to be
interpreted in the light of the obvious purpose of the rule, namely, to
facilitate the administration of justice by enabling parties having the same
interest to secure a determination in one action rather than in separate
actions_. … [emphasis added]

34 The function of O 15 r 12(1) as an “access of justice” tool has been
elaborated on by various academics. Rachael Mulheron (“Mulheron”) observed in
_The Class Action in Common Law Legal Systems: A Comparative Perspective_
(Hart Publishing, 2004) at pp 53–54 that representative actions are a
practical and economical method of asserting and enforcing a claim by allowing
parties to overcome cost-related barriers and gain a more powerful adversarial
posture _vis-à-vis_ the defendant than they would otherwise have through
individual litigation.

35 In _Bennett Jones Verchere, Garnet Schulhauser, Arthur Andersen & Co, Ernst
& Young, Alan Lundell, The Royal Trust Company, William R MacNeill, R Byron
Henderson, C Michael Ryer, Gary L Billingsley, Peter K Gummer, James G
Engdahl, Jon R MacNeill v Western Canadian Shopping Centres Inc and Muh-Min
Lin and Hoi-Wah Wu, representatives of all holders of Class “A”, Class “E” and
Class “F” Debentures issued by Western Canadian Shopping Centres Inc_ [2001] 2
SCR 534 (indexed as “ _Western Canadian Shopping Centres Inc v Dutton_ ” and
referred to hereafter in this judgment as “ _Dutton_ ”), the Supreme Court of
Canada considered in depth (at [27]–[29]) the function of representative
actions (which they termed “class actions”). To summarise, the court noted
that representative actions offered three important advantages over a
multiplicity of individual suits – judicial economy; costs savings for
claimants and defendants; and the prevention of moral hazard in cases where
wrongdoers who caused widespread but individually minimal harm might not
otherwise take into account the full costs of their conduct.

36 However, we emphasise that the competing interests of the defendant in a
representative action ought not to be overlooked. In particular, it must be
borne in mind that represented persons are not deemed to be “parties” before
the court: see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2013_ (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 2013) at vol 1, para 15/12/8, citing _Ventouris v Mountain_
[1990] 1 WLR 1370. This could in turn give rise to several prejudicial
consequences for the defendant in a representative action. For instance:

(a) the represented persons are not obliged to give discovery or evidence
relating to the claims in the representative action;

(b) the defendant will not be entitled to cross-examine the represented
persons; and

(c) the defendant will not be entitled to seek costs against the represented
persons in the event that he succeeds in defending the representative action.

37 Moreover, representative actions suffer from several procedural limitations
in contrast to the statutory class action device. The latter typically
includes express provisions that provide further statutory protection to both
the claimants and the defendants in a class action. As Mulheron noted in her
article “From representative rule to class action: Steps rather than leaps”
[2005] CJQ 424 (at p 448):

… [T]he representative rule is lacking in crucial respects as a procedural
tool. A detailed and contemporary class action regime includes various
protections and benefits for class members and defendants alike (such as
compulsory judicial approval of settlement agreements, the aggregate
assessment of damages, and cy-pres distributions) which are simply not
required or permitted under the representative rule. …

That said, it must not be overlooked that it is open to the court in a
representative action to make the relevant orders to deal with the issues
raised by the parties as it deems necessary and/or just. Here, we note and
concur with the views of Toohey and Gaudron JJ in _Carnie_ (at 422) that the
representative action rule is broad and flexible enough such that the court
retains the power to reshape the proceedings at a later stage if they become
impossibly complex or if the defendant is prejudiced.

38 Ultimately, therefore, O 15 r 12(1) envisages the court striving to strike
a balance between the interests of both parties, bearing in mind the purpose
of the provision, which is to facilitate access to and the efficacious
administration of justice.

The “same interest” requirement

39 This brings us to the first issue which arises in this appeal (see [24(a)]
above) – the nature and extent of the “same interest” requirement in O 15 r
12(1). It would appear that O 15 r 12(1) has not hitherto been examined in
depth in our local jurisprudence. However, there are helpful precedents from
other Commonwealth jurisdictions where provisions similar to our O 15 r 12(1)
apply. As we embark on a survey of these authorities, we think it vital to
bear in mind Lord Lindley’s caution in _The Taff Vale Railway Company v The
Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants_ [1901] AC 426 (at 443):

The principle on which the rule is based forbids its restriction to cases for
which an exact precedent can be found in the reports. The principle is as
applicable to new cases as to old, and ought to be applied to the exigencies
of modern life as occasion requires. …

40 The classic pronouncement on the “same interest” requirement was made by
Lord Macnaghten in the seminal English case of _Bedford_ at 8 (see also [31]
above):

… Given a _common interest_ and a _common grievance_ , a representative suit
was in order if the _relief sought was in its nature beneficial to all_ whom
the plaintiff proposed to represent. … [emphasis added]

Thus, the claimants in a representative action must all share a common
interest and a common grievance, as well as benefit from the relief sought in
the action. Applying this test, the House of Lords in _Bedford_ held that a
representative action by a group of growers of agricultural produce, on behalf
of themselves and other growers, against the owner of a statute-regulated
market for contravening the statute governing their commercial relationship
was properly instituted.

41 However, as aptly observed by Jillaine Seymour in “Representative
Procedures and the Future of Multi-Party Actions” (1999) 62 Mod L Rev 564 (at
p 570), the above test “is a paraphrase which does not serve to elucidate the
circumstances in which the procedure will be available”. The courts must
therefore further give the “same interest” requirement some content. In this
regard, the key question to be determined is the _degree of commonality_
required before a representative action may be commenced.

42 We turn first to consider the scenario where the claims in a representative
action arise from separate contracts. Strictly speaking, where claims arise
from separate contracts, the source of each claimant’s rights would differ.
Nevertheless, the House of Lords in _Bedford_ , in line with the object behind
representative actions, adopted a liberal approach and allowed such an action
to be brought for claims arising from separate contracts between each claimant
grower and the defendant owner of a statute-regulated market.

43 This liberal approach suffered a setback in _Markt & Co, Limited v Knight
Steamship Company, Limited_ [1910] 2 KB 1021 (“ _Markt_ ”), which concerned a
representative action by a group of plaintiff shippers, on behalf of
themselves and “others [_sic_] owners of cargo lately laden on board the
steamship _Knight Commander_ ” (at 1033), against the shipowner for the loss
of their cargo at sea. The majority of the English Court of Appeal (namely,
Vaughan Williams and Fletcher Moulton LJJ) took a considerably narrower view
of the “same interest” requirement in O 16 r 9 of RSC 1883 (UK), the then
English equivalent of our O 15 r 12(1), and held that the action should not be
allowed to continue as a representative action. Fletcher Moulton LJ stated (at
1039–1040):

… The counsel for the plaintiffs suggests that the people in the list are in
similar circumstances, because they shipped goods under similar bills of
lading in the same ship. Assuming, for the sake of argument, that this is so
(although nothing of the kind appears on the record), each of these parties
made a separate contract of shipment in respect of different goods entitling
him to its performance by the defendants and to damages in case of non-
performance. It may be that the claims are alike in nature, and that the
litigation in respect of them will have much in common. But they are in no way
connected; there is no common interest. … _To my mind it is impossible to say
that mere identity of form of a contract or similarity in the circumstances
under which it has to be performed satisfies the language of [O 16] r. 9_. …
[emphasis added]

44 _Markt_ thus appeared to stand for the proposition that no representative
action could be brought pursuant to O 16 r 9 of RSC 1883 (UK) where the claims
in question emanated from separate contracts of shipment, even though the
separate contracts were similar or potentially identical and were terminated
by the same event. _Bedford_ was distinguished by the majority of the English
Court of Appeal in _Markt_ on the basis that all the claimants in _Bedford_
had the same rights arising from the same statute. However, what is equally
interesting are the dissenting views of Buckley LJ in _Markt_ , where he said
(at 1047–1048):

… Cargo owners on a general ship are not partners, but they have a common
interest in the ship on which their goods are carried. In respect of that
interest they are in a position to claim relief which is common to all of
them. They can claim a declaration that the defendants are liable to the
plaintiffs and those on whose behalf they sue for breach of contract and of
duty in shipping contraband of war. In respect of that liability which exists
towards all each is entitled severally to relief which exists only towards
himself. Supposing that declaration be made, the named plaintiffs, say Markt &
Co., Limited, can recover the damage to which they are entitled. To enable the
represented firms to recover the damages which upon the footing of the
declaration may be recoverable by them requires, no doubt, further steps, such
as are always necessary in a representative action to give to the represented
parties the particular relief to which each is entitled in respect of the
common relief which is for the benefit of all. Subsequent proceedings would be
necessary, and in these it would be open to the defendants to contend that as
regards any particular plaintiff by representation he was for some reason
personal to himself not entitled to recover. Such difficulties always occur in
every representative action. The purpose of Order XVI., r. 9, was, I think, to
extend to common law actions the flexibility which had for many years been
enjoyed in actions in the Court of Chancery. If I may say so respectfully, I
wholly agree with Lord Lindley that the principle upon which the rule is based
forbids its restriction to cases for which an exact precedent can be found in
the reports. This seems to me to be exactly a case in which the spirit, nay,
more, the words, of Order XVI., r. 9, justify, and good sense requires, that
the principle should be extended to a case for which I daresay no precedent is
exactly to be found. If the writ in Markt & Co.’s action were amended so that
the plaintiffs should be expressed to be Markt & Co., Limited, on behalf of
themselves and all others the owners of cargo lately laden on board the
steamship _Knight Commander_ not being shippers of goods which were contraband
of war, and the indorsement were amended so as to ask for a declaration that
the defendants are liable to the plaintiffs and those on whose behalf they sue
for breach of contract and/or duty in and about the carriage of goods by sea,
and for damages, that writ would, I think be good within Order XVI., r. 9. …

The approach enunciated by Buckley LJ pointed the way forward and was adopted
in subsequent cases.

45 Since _Markt_ , there seems to have been a reversion to the liberal
approach adopted in _Bedford_. For example, in _Cobbold v Time Canada Ltd_
(1976) 13 OR (2d) 567 and _Irish Shipping Ltd v Commercial Union Assurance Co
plc and Another_ [1991] 2 QB 206 (“ _Irish Shipping_ ”), the Ontario Supreme
Court and the English Court of Appeal respectively held that the
representative actions in question had been validly commenced even though the
claims arose from multiple separate contracts. The extension of “same
interest” to encompass interests arising from separate causes of action in
contract has similarly occurred in tort. There was previously resistance
against allowing claims in tort to proceed on a representative basis where the
claims of the claimants arose not from a joint cause of action, but from
separate causes of action. However, in the landmark case of _Prudential
Assurance_ , Vinelott J held that a representative action could be brought as
regards claims in tort even where each claimant had a separate cause of
action.

46 Treasure does not dispute the Representative Plaintiffs’ contention that
claims arising from separate contracts or separate causes of action in tort
would not necessarily defeat the “same interest” requirement. However, it
submits that a representative action may only be brought where the claims
present _identical_ issues to be decided.[note: 23] Treasure thus argues
(_vis-à-vis_ contractual claims in representative actions) that a high degree
of similarity between the separate contracts, verging on their being
_identical_ , is required before the court will find that the claimants have
the same interest.[note: 24] For this proposition, Treasure relies on the
decision of the Supreme Court of Canada in _General Motors of Canada Limited v
Helen Naken, Stephen Cranson, William J Pearce and Roberto Bandiera suing on
behalf of themselves and suing on behalf of all other persons who have
purchased new 1971 and 1972 Firenza motor vehicles in Ontario_ [1983] 1 SCR 72
(“ _Naken_ ”), which concerned a representative action instituted pursuant to
r 75 of the Rules of Practice of the Supreme Court of Ontario for damages for
breach of warranty and misrepresentation. That rule stated:

Where there are numerous persons having the same interest, one or more may sue
or be sued or may be authorized by the court to defend on behalf of, or for
the benefit of, all.

The claimants in _Naken_ had entered into contracts of sale of an automobile
of a certain make and model with the defendant. Delivering the judgment of the
court disallowing the proceedings from continuing as a representative action,
Estey J held (at 103):

… [I]t is … clear from the terms of Rule 75 itself and the context in which it
appears in the Rules of Practice that _it is not enough that the group share a
“similar interest” in the sense that they have varying contractual
arrangements with the [defendant] which give rise to different but similar
claims in contract relating to the same model of automobile_. No doubt the
claims are similar and they might even be the same in the classification of
contract claims but it does not necessarily follow that all such claims under
similar but not identical contracts will have “the same interest” in a
contract right or the subject of a contract arising between the [defendant]
and the [claimants] in the sense of Rule 75. … [emphasis added]

47 Upon closer examination, the decision of the court in _Naken_ appeared to
be premised on the view that a representative action might only be properly
commenced where all that was required was a process to identify the members of
the group of represented persons. As Estey J held (at 98):

… The outcome of these proceedings will depend upon how one properly
characterizes in law this process whereby the identity of the members of the
represented group is determined. _If it is simply a labelling process_ , as
for example where a security holder comes forward and presents the security
which is the subject of the action, _then the [claimants] clearly are correct
in advancing their rights under Rule 75. If, on the other hand, the process is
not so much identification as the establishment of a complete, independent
cause of action, then the [defendant] will succeed. It is not enough, in order
to come within Rule 75, simply to be able to string together a series of
similar claims against a common defendant_. [emphasis added]

48 _Naken_ aside, Treasure avers that _Irish Shipping_ should also be read as
requiring that contractual claims in a representative action must arise from
identical contracts. _Irish Shipping_ concerned a charterparty under which the
plaintiff shipowners chartered their ship to the charterers on terms that,
_inter alia_ , cargo claims were to be the charterers’ liability. The
charterers took out insurance policies with 77 insurers in respect of such
liability. The charterers later went into liquidation and failed to indemnify
the shipowners in respect of certain cargo claims which the shipowners had
paid. The shipowners commenced proceedings against the leading underwriter and
another insurer, suing them “on their own behalf and on behalf of all other
liability insurers subscribing to the insurances of [the charterers]” (see
_Irish Shipping_ at 217) for the sums owed by the charterers. The English
Court of Appeal allowed the proceedings to continue as a representative
action. It emphasised that the different insurance contracts, whilst executed
separately by each individual insurer, were on identical terms save for the
proportion of risk undertaken by each insurer, and included a “leading
underwriter clause” whereby each insurer undertook to be bound by the acts of
the leading underwriter and to be liable for its share in respect of all
decisions taken against the leading underwriter. Staughton LJ noted (at 227)
that “[f]or all practical purposes this is one claim upon one contract, which
the shipowners have an interest in pursuing and the insurers all have the same
interest in resisting”.

49 As re _g_ ards claims in tort, Treasure maintains that in order for a
representative action to be brought, the cause of action must be shown to
arise from the same facts for each claimant. In this regard, Treasure cites
Eve J’s decision in _Aberconway (Lord) v Whetnall_ [1918] 87 LJ Ch 524. There,
the representative plaintiffs, on behalf of themselves and “the subscribers to
the fund called the Whetnall Fund” (at 526), brought an action against the
defendant for misrepresentation. Eve J held that the proceedings could not
continue as a representative action, reasoning that (at 526):

… [A]ssuming in favour of the plaintiffs that the description [of the persons
whom the plaintiffs purport to represent] is equivalent to the subscribers to
whom the circular was addressed, _how can it be said that the recipients of
that circular who became donors to the fund have a common interest and a
common grievance, when the very existence of the grievance depends upon facts
which may differ in each individual case?_ … [emphasis added]

Treasure argues that a representative action in tort will not lie if an
assessment of the individual circumstances of each claimant is necessary for
the establishment of a cause of action for each claimant.

50 We are not persuaded that the approach canvassed by Treasure is the correct
one to adopt as it evinces nothing more than a superficial shift away from the
reasoning in _Markt_ and would confine the use of the representative action
procedure to an extremely narrow band of cases. This is incongruous, given the
importance of representative litigation in this modern age as a means for the
courts to efficiently dispense justice. Our view is further buttressed by the
two more recent authorities from Australia (_Carnie_) and Canada (_Dutton_)
(referred to earlier at [28] and [35] above respectively) that promulgated an
expansive interpretation of the “same interest” requirement. We shall now
examine these two cases a little more.

51 _Carnie_ concerned two representative plaintiffs who had entered into loan
contracts that were subject to the Credit Act 1984 (NSW) (“the NSW Credit
Act”) with the defendant. The representative plaintiffs fell into arrears with
repayment. The parties then executed a variation agreement extending the time
for repayment. The representative plaintiffs alleged that various matters were
not disclosed in the variation agreement in contravention of the NSW Credit
Act, and brought a representative action on behalf of themselves and all other
borrowers who had executed _different_ variation agreements with the defendant
but also subject to the same Act. The representative plaintiffs sought a
declaration that as a result of the defendant’s breach, none of the claimants
was liable to pay the credit charge for which his or her variation agreement
with the defendant provided. The defendant sought to strike out the statement
of claim in so far as it purported to plead a representative action. That
application was dismissed at first instance, but was allowed on appeal to the
New South Wales Court of Appeal. The representative plaintiffs then appealed
to the High Court of Australia.

52 The High Court of Australia allowed the representative plaintiffs’ appeal,
although it also remitted the case to the New South Wales Court of Appeal to
consider whether it should “otherwise order”, pursuant to Part 8, r 13(1) of
the 1970 NSW Rules, that the action not be permitted to continue as a
representative action. On the “same interest” requirement, McHugh J opined (at
427) that the requirement was met where the representative plaintiffs and the
represented persons “have a community of interest in the determination of any
substantial question of law or fact that arises in the proceedings”. In a
similar vein, Toohey and Gaudron JJ, having perused various common law
authorities, held (at 421):

There are many persons who have entered into variation agreements with the
[defendant]. They have the “same interest” in testing those agreements against
the [NSW Credit] Act to see if the method of calculating the amount owed was
correct. If that method was not in accordance with the Act, then those persons
have a common interest in obtaining the relief of being released from
liability for the credit charges. _That is, they have the same interest in
these proceedings in the sense that there is a significant question common to
all members of the class and they stand to be equally affected by the
declaratory relief which the [representative plaintiffs] seek_. [emphasis
added]

53 With respect, we do not agree with the Judge’s observation (at [59] of the
GD) that “ _Carnie_ … is not particularly helpful”. Notwithstanding the fact
that the case was remitted to the New South Wales Court of Appeal to consider
whether it should exercise its discretion to order that the action not be
allowed to continue as a representative action, the High Court of Australia
clearly endorsed a broad interpretation of what would constitute “same
interest”. Indeed, this broad approach was endorsed in the subsequent decision
by Young J in _Carnie v Esanda Finance Corporation Ltd_ (1996) 38 NSWLR 465
(at 468). Although the Judge was correct in noting (at [59] of the GD) Toohey
and Gaudron JJ’s observation in _Carnie_ (at 416) that the “broad and liberal”
approach to representative actions adopted in _Bedford_ suffered a setback in
_Markt_ , their observation must be seen in the context of the paragraph which
immediately follows that observation, where Toohey and Gaudron JJ stated
emphatically (at 417 of _Carnie_), “[b]ut the subsequent history of
representative actions evidences a greater readiness to sanction them”.

54 An expansive interpretation of the “same interest” requirement was also
adopted by the Supreme Court of Canada in _Dutton_ , which concerned a
representative action brought by a group of representative plaintiffs, on
behalf of themselves and 229 other investors, against the defendants for
breach of fiduciary duty. The applicable statutory provision governing
representative actions was r 42 of the Alberta Rules of Court (Alta Reg
390/68) (“the Alberta Rules of Court”), which provided:

Where numerous persons have a _common interest_ in the subject of an intended
action, one or more of those persons may sue or be sued or may be authorized
by the Court to defend on behalf of or for the benefit of all. [emphasis
added]

In _Dutton_ , the representative plaintiffs and the 229 other investors had
purchased debentures in a corporation at _different_ times pursuant to
_different_ offering memoranda presented to them by _different_ defendants.
The Supreme Court of Canada held that the institution of the representative
action was nonetheless proper.

55 In the court below, the Judge sought to distinguish _Dutton_ on the ground
that the critical words used in the applicable Alberta provision were “common
interest”, whereas the operative words in our O 15 r 12(1) are “same
interest”. We do not agree that this is a valid distinction. First, as noted
by McLachlin CJ at [31] of _Dutton_ , r 42 of the Alberta Rules of Court was
based on r 10 of the Rules of Procedure set out in the Schedule to the 1873 UK
Act, which was the forerunner of our O 15 r 12(1). Second, the test for “same
interest” as articulated in _Bedford_ and consistently applied in multiple
common law jurisdictions since then has been formulated in terms of “common
interest” and “common grievance”. Thus, any difference in phraseology between
“common interest” and “same interest” is purely an issue of semantics.
Finally, such a distinction flies in the face of numerous authorities which
advocate that a broad and flexible purposive interpretation be given to the
concept of “same interest” in O 15 r 12(1) (see also above at [32]–[33]).

56 Recognising the importance of the representative action (which was termed a
“class action” in _Dutton_) as a procedural tool in modern litigation, the
Supreme Court of Canada in _Dutton_ expressly rejected (at [46]) the approach
in _Naken_. McLachlin CJ addressed the question of commonality as follows (at
[39] of _Dutton_):

… _The commonality question should be approached purposively._ The underlying
question is whether allowing the suit to proceed as a representative one will
avoid duplication of fact-finding or legal analysis. Thus an issue will be
“common” only where its resolution is necessary to the resolution of each
class member’s claim. _It is not essential that the class members be
identically situated_ vis-à-vis _the opposing party. Nor is it necessary that
common issues predominate over non-common issues or that the resolution of the
common issues would be determinative of each class member’s claim. However,
the class members’ claims must share a substantial common ingredient to
justify a class action. Determining whether the common issues justify a class
action may require the court to examine the significance of the common issues
in relation to individual issues_. In doing so, the court should remember that
it may not always be possible for a representative party to plead the claims
of each class member with the same particularity as would be required in an
individual suit. [emphasis added]

57 From _Carnie_ and _Dutton_ , it is clear that the claimants in a
representative action in contract do _not_ need to be identically situated
_vis-à-vis_ the defendant. Rather, all that is needed to meet the “same
interest” requirement is that there are one or more significant issues of fact
or law common to all the claimants for determination by the court.

58 Where the claims in a representative action arise in tort, there needs to
be a common ingredient in the cause of action of each member of the class of
represented persons. This was held by Vinelott J in _Prudential Assurance_ (at
255) to be one of three conditions that needed to be satisfied in order for a
representative action in tort to be brought:

… The _second condition is that there must be an “interest” shared by all
members of the class_. In relation to a representative action in which it is
claimed that every member of the class has a separate cause of action in tort,
_this condition requires, as I see it, that there must be a common ingredient
in the cause of action of each member of the class_. … [emphasis added]

Although Vinelott J phrased the “same interest” requirement in terms of “a
common ingredient in the cause of action” in relation to a representative
action in tort, we are of the view that there is no discernible difference
between that requirement and the requirement (_vis-à-vis_ a representative
action in contract) of a common issue of fact or law between the claimants for
determination by the court.

59 Whether an issue is common between the claimants in a representative action
is largely fact-dependent and will have to be determined on a case-by-case
basis. Nonetheless, as a general guideline, where the legal and factual
inquiry required for the determination of an issue in a claim in a
representative action is also relevant to the determination of the same issue
in the other claims in the representative action, we think it highly probable
that the issue is common to all the claimants.

60 In our judgment, a shift in focus towards the commonality of issues is the
proper approach to take in deciding whether an action has been properly
commenced as a representative action, bearing in mind the representative
action’s roots in equity and its function as a flexible tool of convenience in
the administration of justice. To demand that all the claimants in a
representative action should have identical interests would render O 15 r
12(1) otiose. As articulated by McLachlin CJ at [39] of _Dutton_ (see [56]
above), in each representative action, the court will have to embark on an
inquiry into the significance of the common issues between the claimants in
relation to the individual and/or different issues to determine if the “same
interest” requirement has been met – _ie_ , the court must compare the
significance of the common issues between the claimants with the significance
of the issues which differ as between them. Where the latter clearly outweighs
the former, the “same interest” requirement would not be met.

61 We stress that in carrying out the aforesaid inquiry, the focus of the
court’s attention should be on what is common between the claimants, and not
what differentiates the cases of individual claimants: see Lord Macnaghten in
_Bedford_ (at 7), cited with approval by Toohey and Gaudron JJ in _Carnie_ (at
422). The court, as McLachlin CJ noted in _Dutton_ at [39], has to be mindful
of the difficulties which a representative plaintiff would face in pleading
the claims of each member of the class of represented persons with the same
particularity as would be required in an individual suit.

62 We would further observe that the need to compare common and differing
issues is not an unusual exercise – it is required in relation to
consolidation of causes or matters pursuant to O 4 r 1 of the Rules of Court
and joinder of parties as of right pursuant to O 15 r 4(1) of the Rules of
Court. In this regard, we find it significant that both O 4 r 1(1)(_a_) and O
15 r 4(1)(_a_) of the Rules of Court contain the similar condition of “common
question of law or fact”. The court practice in relation to these two
procedural rules would certainly be relevant for the purposes of O 15 r 12(1):
see generally _Daws v Daily Sketch and Daily Graphic Ltd and Another_ [1960] 1
WLR 126, _Lewis and Another v Daily Telegraph Ltd (No 2)_ [1964] 2 QB 601 and
_Payne v British Time Recorder Company, Limited, and W W Curtis, Limited_
[1921] 2 KB 1.

63 Before moving on, we shall touch briefly on another point canvassed by
Treasure, which is that representative actions are improperly commenced where
defences which would otherwise be available if the claims were brought
separately are foreclosed.[note: 25] The term “defences” is used loosely here,
in the sense that it refers to facts and circumstances specific to each
claimant in a representative action which may defeat the claims of that
particular claimant. The perceived difficulty with a situation where separate
defences may be raised against different claimants is that a number of
individual trials might be required and liability would not be determined in
one single action. Moreover, if the defendant were unable to raise the
defences available _vis-à-vis_ a particular claimant against the
representative plaintiff(s), it would amount to an unjust bar to defences that
might have been available in a unitary action. This was the concern of
Vinelott J in _Prudential Assurance_ , where he noted (at 254) that one of the
three conditions to be satisfied in order for a representative action in tort
to be brought was that the defendant must not be barred from raising a defence
which would otherwise have been available to him if there had been separate
individual actions. We do not dispute this proposition.

64 At this juncture, we emphasise that the present appeal is not concerned
with the situation where represented defendants seek to raise specific
defences that differ from those of the representative defendant. For that
situation, it is plain that the “same interest” requirement would apply to
determine if such a representative action should be allowed. Hence, the cases
of _Roche v Sherrington and Others_ [1982] 1 WLR 599 and _Mercantile Marine
Service Association v Toms and Others_ [1916] 2 KB 243 (which Treasure sought
to rely on), as well as _Palmco Holding Bhd v Sakapp Commodities (M) Sdn Bhd &
Ors_ [1988] 2 MLJ 624 (which the Representative Plaintiffs sought to rely on)
are not entirely on point.

65 Several English authorities appear to endorse the proposition that where
the defendant in a representative action may have claimant-specific defences,
it is indicative of there being no common interest and/or no common grievance
between the claimants in the action. In _Markt_ , the majority of the English
Court of Appeal placed some emphasis on the fact that the defendant shipowner
could potentially raise different defences against various claimant shippers
that did not exist against other claimant shippers. Vaughan Williams LJ
highlighted (at 1030):

… All sorts of facts and all sorts of exceptions may defeat the right of
individual shippers. The case of each shipper must to my mind depend upon its
own merits. …

In fact, Fletcher Moulton LJ appeared to suggest (at 1040) that the
_theoretical_ possibility of the defendant shipowner having different defences
against different claimant shippers could be sufficient to prevent any finding
of a common interest among all the claimant shippers.

66 More recently, in _Emerald Supplies Ltd and another v British Airways plc_
[2011] Ch 345 (“ _Emerald Supplies_ ”), the English Court of Appeal upheld the
decision of the court below to disallow a representative action brought under
CPR r 19.6 by two representative plaintiffs on behalf of themselves and all
other direct and indirect purchasers of air freight services from the
defendant. Mummery LJ found (at [64]) that if defences existed against some
members of the class of represented persons but not against others, the
members of the represented class could not be considered to have the same
interest in the action. The Canadian courts have similarly held thus in _Van
Audenhove v Nova Scotia (Attorney General)_ (1994) 28 CPC (3d) 305 and _Ker v
Auto Marine Electric Ltd_ (1990) 43 CPC (2d) 278.

67 With respect, it seems to us that the approach taken in _Emerald Supplies_
might be too broad. The mere fact that a particular defence is available
against only some but not all of the claimants in a representative action
should not necessarily suffice for the court to hold that there is no common
issue warranting the institution of a representative action. The mere
existence of issues which are not common between the claimants does not mean
that there cannot be common issues arising from the claims of the claimants.
There need not be complete identity in the claimants’ claims before a
representative action is allowed. The more important question, therefore, is
whether there are common issues of fact or law which arise from each
claimant’s claims. Moreover, the courts have allowed a representative action
to proceed even where the defendant has theoretically lost the opportunity to
raise a defence against one or more of the claimants. For example, in _Wyld
and Others v Silver_ [1963] Ch 243, a representative action on behalf of the
inhabitants of the parish of Wraysbury for a declaration that they had a right
to hold a fair or wake on wasteland was allowed to proceed even though the
defendant lost the opportunity to argue that any one of the claimants had not
come to court with clean hands.

68 In _Carnie_ and _Dutton_ , the respective courts held that a representative
action was properly commenced so long as the requisite community of interest
was present in any substantial question of law or fact arising in the
proceedings. But, the fact that the defendant has separate defences against
different claimants will be a factor to be considered by the court in
determining whether to exercise its discretion to discontinue the action as a
representative action. In _Carnie_ , Mason CJ, Deane and Dawson JJ held (at
405):

Once the existence of numerous parties and the requisite commonality of
interest are ascertained, the rule [_ie_ , the representative action rule in
Part 8, r 13(1) of the 1970 NSW Rules] is brought into operation subject only
to the court’s power to order otherwise. And that leaves for consideration the
question whether the case is one in which the courts should, in the exercise
of that power, make an order that the action should not continue as a
representative action. …

Toohey and Gaudron JJ further observed (at 424 of _Carnie_) that “[i]f it did
appear that other rights [which one or more members of the class of
represented persons might have against the defendant] would be affected, it
would be a matter for consideration in determining whether the Court should
otherwise order”. Likewise, in _Dutton_ , McLachlin CJ noted (at [42]) that
the fact that the defendant might wish to raise different defences with
respect to different groups of claimants was a factor that might weigh against
the court allowing the action to proceed in a representative form.

69 Although regarding the issue of separate defences against different
claimants as a matter to be considered only at the second (discretionary)
stage of O 15 r 12(1), as opposed to at the first (threshold jurisdictional)
stage, will not obviate uncertainty as to whether the court will allow a
representative action which has been properly commenced to continue in a
representative form, we think this alternative approach is clearly
advantageous. Instead of invoking the issue of separate defences against
different claimants to shut the gate at the threshold stage, this issue can,
in our view, be considered more holistically at the discretionary stage. In
this way, the court will be best placed to strike a balance between the
interests of the claimants (in litigating the action as a group) and those of
the defendants (in defending the claims of the different claimants separately)
by weighing the pros and cons of the various options available to it – for
example, by splitting the original representative action into two or more
smaller representative proceedings to deal with distinct defences separately,
or even sub-classing the claimants.

70 When considering whether separate defences may be raised against different
claimants, the courts should adopt a practical and _realistic_ approach, and
not indulge in speculation on hypothetical possibilities that separate
defences could be raised. In _Irish Shipping_ , for instance, Staughton LJ
noted (at 222–223) that while it was theoretically possible that any one of
the represented defendants might raise separate defences, there was no
indication on the facts of the case that such a contention would be made. His
Lordship continued (at 223) that he would disregard “theoretical
possibilities” and deal with what were likely in practice to be the issues.
Likewise, in _R J Flowers Ltd v Burns_ [1987] 1 NZLR 260, a decision of the
New Zealand High Court, McGechan J observed (at 271–272):

The first cause of action is in contract. … This opens up potential for
differences in [the] content of [the] contracts made. … At this stage it
appears the question of contract or non-contract will raise issues similar in
the case of each [claimant]. …

_However, the reality is that at this early interlocutory stage I am in no
position to make a factual finding on that point, or on the two points which
follow. Unless I am to elevate the mere expression of contest by a defendant
into an automatic barrier to a representative action, I cannot regard these
contentions as decisive_. …

[emphasis added]

71 We now turn to the final condition elucidated in _Bedford_ for a
representative action to be brought, namely, that the relief sought must, in
its nature, be beneficial to all the persons whom the representative
plaintiff(s) proposed to represent. Both the Supreme Court of Canada in
_Dutton_ (at [40]) and Vinelott J in _Prudential Assurance_ (at 255)
recognised that all the members of the class of represented persons must
benefit from the relief granted by the court. Therefore, where there are
divided views between the members of the class of represented persons as to
what outcome they are hoping to achieve in the litigation or as to the
desirability of seeking a particular remedy, then a representative action
cannot be maintained.

72 On this point, we note that the Judge was clearly troubled by the fact that
the Representative Plaintiffs were only seeking declarations that the
Claimants were entitled to damages, and that each of the Claimants would have
to return to court (if the Representative Plaintiffs succeeded in Suit 849) to
individually prove the damages or loss which he or she had suffered (see the
GD at [43]).

73 Some authorities do appear to support the proposition that a representative
action for damages can never be brought. For instance, in _Markt_ , Fletcher
Moulton LJ stated (at 1040–1041):

… The relief sought is damages. Damages are personal only. To my mind no
representative action can lie where the sole relief sought is damages, because
they have to be proved separately in the case of each plaintiff, and therefore
the possibility of representation ceases. …

74 Another example is _Electrical, Electronic, Telecommunication and Plumbing
Union v Times Newspapers Ltd and Others_ [1980] 1 QB 585, where a trade union,
on behalf of itself and each of its individual members, commenced a
representative action against a newspaper, seeking damages for libel. The
English High Court held that the representative action was improperly
commenced. O’Connor J explained (at 601):

… [A] _representative action is not available to a number of different
individuals where the relief sought is damages_ ; and that I think becomes
quite obvious if one is thinking of a libel action because one would be
looking at the individual reputation of all the members of the union and, no
matter whether we are talking of 500, 5000 or half a million, they would all
be different and the damages would be different and for that reason alone it
makes it quite unworkable and impossible to bring a representative action on
behalf of all the members. [emphasis added]

75 In a similar vein, Jessup JA observed in _Farnham et al v Fingold et al_
(1973) 33 DLR (3d) 156 (at 160):

… [W]here the members of a class have damages that must be separately
assessed, it would be unjust to permit them to be claimed in a class action
because the defendant would be deprived of individual discoveries, and, in the
event of success, would have recourse for costs only against the named
plaintiff although his costs were increased by multiple separate claims. …

76 It is apparent to us from the above authorities and other cases like
_Stephenson v Air Canada_ (1979) 103 DLR (3d) 148 that it is not the fact that
damages are sought which is offensive to a representative action, but the need
for assessment on a personal basis of the damages due to each claimant. This
was noted by McGillivray CJA in _Alberta Pork Producers Marketing Board et al
v Swift Canadian Co Ltd, Canada Packers Inc, Burns Foods Limited,
Intercontinental Packers Limited, Burns Meats Ltd, Gainers Foods Ltd,
Fletcher’s Fine Foods Ltd, Fletcher’s Limited, Fletcher’s (Alberta) Limited,
Cummings, Robertson and Telford_ (1984) 53 AR 284 (indexed as “ _Alberta Pork
Producers Marketing Bd v Swift et el_ ” and referred to hereafter in this
judgment as “ _Alberta Pork_ ”), where he quoted (at [20]) the decision of the
chambers judge below:

… _It is not the damages aspect which is offensive to a [representative]
action, but the requirement for assessment on a personal basis._ If, as in
this case, the damages of the class do not require personal assessment but
instead may be determined by an assessment of loss on each transaction and a
mathematical computation to establish the total loss on all transactions, the
offensive aspect of personal assessment is absent. … [emphasis added]

In _Alberta Pork_ , where the representative action in question was allowed to
continue in its representative form, the damages determined in relation to any
of the transactions concerned would form part of a fund, which would then be
allocated to each claimant appropriately. There was thus no need for
assessment of damages on a personal basis. Similarly, in the case of _EMI
Records Ltd v Riley and Others_ [1981] 1 WLR 923, the damages sought were for
the total loss of all the claimants and were to be distributed subsequently
amongst them. In both cases, the appropriate allocation of damages to each
claimant could be determined at a later stage.

77 By the same token, the reliefs sought in the present case are declarations
that the Claimants are entitled to damages, with an assessment of the damages
due to each Claimant to be carried out separately on a non-representative
basis at a later stage. We think it pertinent to highlight Vinelott J’s
decision in _Prudential Assurance_ (at 255–256) that where a common element of
a cause of action is proved, any of the claimants would be entitled to rely on
the judgment as _res judicata_ and prove the remainder of the elements of the
cause of action in separate proceedings. Where there is a common issue or
issues in the claims of numerous individuals and those issues are crucial in
the determination of liability, it makes absolute sense and is expedient that
those issues are determined on a representative basis. Otherwise, it will be a
waste of judicial time if those same issues are canvassed many times over in
separate actions, with the attendant risk of inconsistent decisions. This was
the position in _Carnie_ , where the High Court of Australia held that
although the amount of credit charges ultimately forfeited by the defendant
lender would vary based on the terms of each individual variation agreement,
this would not prevent the claimants from seeking a right to a release from
the general liability to pay credit charges, which general liability (although
not the exact degree of liability) was common to all of them. In this regard,
we endorse the observations of Staughton LJ in _Irish Shipping_ (at 227) that:

In that state of the authorities it is not, in my judgment, the law that
claims for debt or damages are automatically to be excluded from a
representative action, merely because they are made by numerous plaintiffs
severally or resisted by numerous defendants severally. The rule is more
flexible than that. …

Whether it would be efficacious and just to allow a group of claimants to
seek, by way of a representative action, only declaratory relief, with each
claimant subsequently (if the representative action were to succeed) bringing
separate individual proceedings to prove his or her loss is, in our view, a
matter best left to the trial court’s discretion as opposed to being a
threshold requirement. We are thus unable to concur with the Judge’s ruling
(at [43] of the GD) that a representative action “[c]learly … would not be
suitable” where, if the representative action succeeded, each claimant would
have to return to court to prove individually the damages or loss which he or
she had suffered.

78 To summarise, it is clear that the courts of various common law
jurisdictions have in recent years taken a more expansive view of the “same
interest” requirement. The following legal principles may be discerned from
authorities like _Dutton_ :

(a) The class of represented persons must be capable of clear definition. This
is critical because it identifies the individuals who are entitled to relief
and who will be bound by the judgment – members of the class of represented
persons must be identified by an objective criterion which bears a rational
relationship to the common issues being asserted.

(b) As a corollary of O 15 r 12(3), the proposed representative plaintiffs
must adequately represent the interests of the class of represented persons,
and must vigorously and capably prosecute the interests of the entire class.

(c) There must be significant issues of fact or law common to all the
claimants in a representative action. To this end, the courts must carry out a
comparison of the significance of the common issues between the claimants with
the significance of the issues which differ between them.

(d) All the claimants in a representative action must benefit from the relief
granted by the court, _ie_ , they must have the same interest in the relief
granted by the court.

79 We note Treasure’s concern that such a broad and flexible interpretation of
the “same interest” requirement would result in a flood of disparate claims
being brought under the guise of representative actions. However, we are not
persuaded by this floodgates argument, especially since the courts retain a
residual discretion under O 15 r 12(1) to order that a representative action
which has been properly commenced should nevertheless not be allowed to
continue in a representative form. It is to this exercise of discretion which
we now turn.

The court’s discretion under O 15 r 12(1)

80 In our opinion, the standard of “plain and obvious case” which applies to
the court’s exercise of its discretion to strike out an action should not
apply to the court’s exercise of its discretion under O 15 r 12(1) to
discontinue an action as a representative action. This is because once an
action is struck out, that will sound the death knell as far as the claims
pleaded in the action are concerned. That is not the case where a
representative action is not allowed to continue on a representative basis.
Prejudice to the claimants aside, the discontinuation of a representative
action in its representative form will not bar the claimants from making the
same claims in separate individual actions.

81 As stated above at [29], once the threshold requirement of “same interest”
is met, the court will proceed to determine whether there are other reasons
not to allow a representative action to proceed in its representative form. In
the words of McLachlin CJ in _Dutton_ (at [44]):

Where the conditions for a class action are met, the court should exercise its
discretion to disallow it for negative reasons in a liberal and flexible
manner, like the courts of equity of old. The court should take into account
the benefits the class action offers in the circumstances of the case as well
as any unfairness that class proceedings may cause. In the end, the court must
strike a balance between efficiency and fairness.

Thus, in respect of the exercise of the court’s discretion under O 15 r 12(1),
much hinges on the “suitability” of the representative proceedings and the
need for the court to strike a balance between efficiency and fairness.

82 As mentioned above, the real possibility that the defendant could raise
separate defences against different claimants is one factor which the court
will take into consideration in deciding whether to exercise its discretion to
disallow a representative action from continuing in its representative form.
In _Dutton_ , McLachlin CJ briefly observed (at [42]):

… Other factors may weigh against allowing the action to proceed in
representative form. The defendant may wish to raise different defences with
respect to different groups of plaintiffs. It may be necessary to examine each
class member in discovery. Class members may raise important issues not shared
by all members of the class. Or the proposed class may be so small that
joinder would be a better solution. Where such countervailing factors exist,
the court has discretion to decide whether the class action should be
permitted to proceed, notwithstanding that the essential conditions for the
maintenance of a class action have been satisfied.

83 Possible cost considerations are also relevant. For instance, in
_Independiente Ltd and Others v Music Trading On-Line (HK) Ltd and Others_
[2003] EWHC 470 (Ch), the court allowed the proceedings to continue as a
representative action because, _inter alia_ (at [38]):

It is true that the representative element of the claim is likely to make the
proceedings longer and more expensive than would be the case if they were
confined to the claims of the individual claimants. But that is not the only
comparison to be made. The other is to compare the aggregate time and cost
involved if there were separate claims brought by these claimants and each and
every Relevant Member. Plainly the saving of time and expense by permitting
the representative element of the claim to be pursued in conjunction with the
individual claims of the claimants is considerable. …

84 In _CBS/Sony Hong Kong Ltd and Others v Television Broadcasts Ltd and
Another_ [1987] FSR 262, a decision of the Hong Kong High Court, Jones J
exercised his discretion to disallow the representative action to continue in
a representative form as, if the action had continued in that form, it would
have deprived the defendants of their right to apply for security of costs and
discovery (at 271): see also above at [36]–[37] for the procedural limitations
of a representative action. However, in each case, there is a need to balance
these procedural limitations against the procedural convenience arising from
the use of the representative action procedure. In _Irish Shipping_ (which
concerned an action brought against representative defendants), for instance,
Purchas LJ emphasised (at 240) the benefits of the representative action in
enabling the plaintiff shipowners to bypass the procedural difficulties of
serving 77 different insurers in different parts of the world.

85 Finally, we would cite _Smith and Others v Cardiff Corporation_ [1954] 1 QB
210, where the English Court of Appeal, endorsing the decision of the English
High Court, refused to allow the action to proceed as a representative action
on the ground that the claimants did not all have a common grievance since the
purported claimants in fact constituted two classes whose interests were in
conflict (at 221–222). However, the action was allowed to continue as a suit
brought by the four named representative plaintiffs in their individual
capacities. What is interesting is that the English Court of Appeal suggested
(at 223), and the defendant seemed to have agreed, that the case could be
treated as a test case on the interpretation of a certain provision in the
Housing Act 1936 (c 51) (UK).

86 Ultimately, it must be borne in mind that O 15 r 12(1) is a facilitative
provision for the efficient and speedy administration of justice. While it
must be applied flexibly and sensibly, the court should still discontinue an
action as a representative action where the representative action procedure
will not provide an efficient or effective means of dealing with the claims in
question, or where it is otherwise inappropriate in the circumstances.

Our decision on this appeal

87 Having set out the broad framework of the applicable legal principles
above, we now apply them to the facts of the present appeal as follows: first,
we shall determine if Suit 849 meets the “same interest” requirement. Second,
if we find that Suit 849 was in fact properly commenced as a representative
action, it remains for us to decide if we should nevertheless exercise our
discretion to refuse to reinstate the suit as a representative action.

88 As mentioned earlier at [3] above, Colony is not a respondent in this
appeal despite being a joint defendant with Treasure to the Representative
Plaintiffs’ conspiracy claim in Suit 849. As regards the conspiracy claim,
Treasure’s position is that that claim is premised on the Representative
Plaintiffs proving the alleged novation of the Original Membership Agreements
(as defined at [12] above) to Treasure, and Treasure’s subsequent breach and
repudiation of the Novated Membership Agreements (as defined at, likewise,
[12] above). Hence, if those issues cannot be determined by way of a
representative action, it would follow that the conspiracy claim cannot be
pursued in a representative action. We agree that this must be the case, and
further observe that there is no difficulty in dealing, by way of a
representative action, with the question of whether there was an intention on
the part of the alleged conspirators (_ie_ , Treasure and Colony) to injure
the Claimants. Therefore, should we find that Suit 849 was properly commenced
as a representative action in respect of the Representative Plaintiffs’
contractual and misrepresentation claims and, further, should be allowed to
continue on a representative basis _vis-à-vis_ those claims, we shall make the
same finding in respect of the conspiracy claim.

89 At this juncture, we think it important to emphasise the interlocutory
nature of the present proceedings. In this regard, the following observations
of the Hong Kong High Court in _Hong Kong Kam Lan Koon Ltd v Realray
Investments Ltd_ [2005] 1 HKC 565 (at [16]) are instructive:

… [T]here are cases where the question on substantive law could not be finally
resolved at the interlocutory stage. Obviously, the court cannot adjudicate on
disputes of facts going to the merits when it is asked to consider an
application under Order 15 Rule 12. _At the interlocutory stage, all that the
court could do is to assess by reference to the materials and the submissions
before it whether there is sufficient identity of interest amongst those
members so that it would be fair and just to have the action proceeded by way
of representative action._ [emphasis added]

Put simply, in order to satisfy this court that their appeal should be
allowed, all that the Representative Plaintiffs need to do is to make out a
_prima facie_ case that: (a) the “same interest” requirement has been met; and
(b) there is nothing in the facts and circumstances of this case to warrant
the court exercising its discretion to refuse to reinstate Suit 849 as a
representative action. Assuming that the Representative Plaintiffs clear the
first hurdle (apropos the “same interest” requirement), this court, in
deciding on the propriety of exercising its discretion to refuse to reinstate
Suit 849 as a representative action, must guard against wandering into the
realm relating to the _merits_ of the claims pleaded in the suit.

90 We should also address a concern expressed by Mr Adrian Tan (“Mr Tan”),
counsel for Treasure, at the hearing before this court, _viz_ , that some of
the Represented Persons did not even come within the definition of the class
of Claimants, _ie_ , “the 202 other members of the Club whose names are listed
in Schedule 2 [of SOC No 2]”[note: 26] [strikethrough text and underlining in
original omitted]. Mr Tan averred that Treasure had no record of six of the
Claimants ever having been Club members or ever having paid their monthly
subscription fees. Ms Koh Swee Yen (“Ms Koh”), counsel for the Representative
Plaintiffs, countered that all the Claimants held membership cards and had
paid their monthly subscription fees. She further pointed out that Treasure
itself had been able to make reference to the membership numbers of all the
Claimants, including the six Claimants whose membership it was disputing.

91 We would have thought that as the status of only six of the Claimants was
in issue, their inclusion in Suit 849 (as Represented Persons) was a matter
which could have been easily resolved between the parties’ counsel. In any
case, without proposing to make a finding at this interlocutory stage, we are
not persuaded that Treasure’s allegation would be an insurmountable barrier to
our allowing Suit 849 to proceed as a representative action _vis-à-vis_ all
the Claimants if it were otherwise warranted. As mentioned earlier at [37]
above, O 15 r 12(1) is flexible enough such that the court retains its power
to reshape the proceedings at a later stage. Treasure is not foreclosed at the
trial stage from arguing the preliminary point that the aforesaid six
Claimants were not Club members at the material time and therefore did not
fall within the definition of the class of Claimants. Should the trial judge
eventually agree, he or she can then discontinue Suit 849 as a representative
action _vis-à-vis_ those six Claimants.

Whether the “same interest” requirement has been satisfied

The claims in contract

92 We now go on to examine whether the “same interest” requirement has been
satisfied in respect of the Representative Plaintiffs’ claims, beginning with
the claims in contract. As mentioned at [12] above, the Representative
Plaintiffs’ contractual claims fall into two categories – the claim that
Treasure breached the terms of the Novated Membership Agreements by failing to
accord certain membership privileges to the Claimants from January 2007
onwards (“the breach of contract claim”), and the claim that Treasure
repudiated the Novated Membership Agreements on or around 4 February 2008
(“the repudiation claim”). At the hearing before us, Ms Koh averred that the
repudiation claim was the focal point of the Representative Plaintiffs’
contractual claims against Treasure, and also indicated her clients’
willingness to drop the breach of contract claim from Suit 849 (in its
representative form) if necessary. Be that as it may, we shall deal with the
findings of the Judge and the arguments of the parties in relation to both of
these contractual claims.

(1) Preliminary issues relating to the contractual claims

93 As mentioned above at [78(c)], for the “same interest” requirement to be
met, there must be (_inter alia_) significant issues of fact or law common to
all the claimants in a representative action. Therefore, the starting point in
the “same interest” inquiry in relation to the Representative Plaintiffs’
contractual claims is the identification of common issues arising from these
claims.

94 The parties do not dispute that in order to rule on the Representative
Plaintiffs’ contractual claims, the trial judge will first have to determine
whether the Original Membership Agreements with Sijori were novated to
Treasure in or around December 2006 and January 2007 (“the novation issue”),
and if so, what the terms of the Novated Membership Agreements were (“the
terms issue”). These two issues are thus common to all the Claimants in that
the trial judge must decide both issues in respect of all the Claimants in
order to rule on the contractual claims in Suit 849. The parties differ,
however, on the commonality of the Claimants’ _method of proving_ the alleged
novation of the Original Membership Agreements to Treasure and the terms of
the Novated Membership Agreements. Simply put, the Representative Plaintiffs
say that all the Claimants are relying on the same facts and the same evidence
apropos the novation issue and the terms issue, whereas Treasure denies that
that is the case. The ensuing discussion on the commonality of the novation
issue and the terms issue (at [95]–[104] below) should thus be viewed from the
specific perspective of the commonality of the Claimants’ _method of proving_
their case on these two issues.

95 Dealing first with the novation issue, it is trite law that a novation
essentially involves the discharge of the original contract through mutual
agreement and the creation of a new contract where a new party assumes the
rights and obligations of an existing party. As described in _Chitty on
Contracts_ (H G Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2012) at vol 1, para
19-086:

… Novation takes place where the two contracting parties agree that a third,
who also agrees, shall stand in the relation of either of them to the other.
There is a new contract and it is therefore essential that the consent of all
parties shall be obtained: in this necessity for consent lies the most
important difference between novation and assignment.

96 Treasure argues that even on the Representative Plaintiffs’ own case as
pleaded in SOC No 2, not all the Claimants are relying on the same facts to
establish the alleged novation of the Original Membership Agreements to
Treasure since:[note: 27]

… One of [the] facts on novation is [Treasure’s] issuance of complimentary
room vouchers to the Claimants. On the Claimants’ own case …, at least 18 of
the Claimants did not receive complimentary room vouchers. In other words,
these Claimants do not have the same facts on novation as the others.

We are not persuaded by Treasure’s contention as this difference, even if it
is real, is not a particularly significant one. The Representative Plaintiffs
primarily base their claim of novation of the Original Membership Agreements
to Treasure on facts which are common to all the Claimants – namely, the terms
of the OTP and the Transfer Agreement, the December 2006 letters from Treasure
and Sijori to all the Club members (see [9]–[10] above) and the
contemporaneous correspondence between Treasure and Sijori in and around
December 2006.[note: 28] Moreover, the defect raised by Treasure – _viz_ ,
that some Claimants were issued with complimentary room vouchers while others
were not – can be relied upon as additional arguments (as far as those
Claimants who were issued with such vouchers are concerned) to reinforce the
contention that there was indeed a novation of the Original Membership
Agreements from Sijori to Treasure. Alternatively, the defect can easily be
remedied by amending SOC No 2.

97 The requirement that all parties must consent to a novation would appear,
at first glance, to pose some difficulty. It would seem that this is an
element of the novation issue that must be individually proved by each
Claimant and is therefore not suitable for determination by way of
representative proceedings. However, it is clear that the Claimants are all
proceeding on the common basis that their consent to the novation of the
Original Membership Agreements to Treasure was evidenced by the same act, _ie_
, by their making payment of their monthly subscription fees to Treasure from
January 2007 onwards as directed by Treasure’s letters of 16 and 27 December
2006 to all the Club members.[note: 29]_Prima facie_ , nothing on the facts of
the present case suggests that the legal and factual inquiry apropos the
Claimants’ consent to the alleged novation would differ materially as between
the Claimants. In this regard, only a single question arises for determination
at the trial, namely, did the Claimants’ act of paying their monthly
subscription fees to Treasure from January 2007 onwards amount to consent to
the alleged novation?

98 For the aforementioned reasons, we find that the Claimants do share a
common means of proving the alleged novation of the Original Membership
Agreements to Treasure.

99 Turning now to the terms issue, it ought to be emphasised that at this
juncture, the question which this court is interested in is whether the
Claimants share sufficient commonality of interest in their means of proving
the terms of the Novated Membership Agreements, and _not_ whether the terms of
all the Novated Membership Agreements are common. As regards the latter, we
would add that given that the terms of the Novated Membership Agreements
depend in part on the terms of the Original Membership Agreements, and given
that the Claimants did not all fill in the same version of the membership
application form when they applied for Club membership, it is only to be
expected that the terms of the Original Membership Agreements and, in turn,
the terms of the Novated Membership Agreements may not all be the same.

100 The Representative Plaintiffs contend that the Claimants share a common
means of proving the terms of their respective Novated Membership Agreements
as each Claimant is relying on the documents enumerated at [96] above, read
with the terms of his or her Original Membership Agreement, to determine the
terms of the corresponding Novated Membership Agreement. Treasure denies that
that is the position, and, in support of its stance, points to the Judge’s
criticism of the Representative Plaintiffs’ case on the terms issue. The
Representative Plaintiffs initially pleaded (in para 9 of SOC No 1) that the
material terms of the Original Membership Agreements were express (in respect
of those Claimants who had received promotional materials or brochures
accompanying the membership application forms given to them), “and/or”[note:
30] implied for reasons of business efficacy (in respect of those Claimants
who had not received such promotional materials and brochures). The Judge held
that the material terms of the Original Membership Agreements must be either
express or implied, but could not be both express and implied. She was
particularly concerned that Treasure would be placed in an invidious position
when conducting its defence if some of the Claimants had their membership
rights and privileges expressly spelt out in their Original Membership
Agreements, whilst others did not and needed terms to be implied (see the GD
at [30]). Eventually, the words “express and/or implied” were deleted from
para 9 of SOC No 1 and the resultant paragraph (_viz_ , para 9 of SOC No 2)
was limited to pleading that the terms of the Original Membership Agreements
were “express”. Notwithstanding these deletions from para 9 of SOC No 1, it
appears that the Representative Plaintiffs have resurrected their implied
terms argument before us, as can be seen from the following extract from their
written case for this appeal:[note: 31]

… [T]he membership benefits extended to each of the [Claimants] were
effectively the same. Specifically, the [Claimants] argue that, insofar as the
promotion materials or brochures were received by the [Claimants], the terms
and conditions set out in paragraph 9 of [SOC No 2] constituted the express
terms of the [Original] Membership Agreements of those [Claimants]. Where the
promotional materials or brochures were not received, _the same terms would
nevertheless be implied_ into the relevant [Original] Membership Agreements in
order to give them business efficacy. It could not be the case that some
[Claimants] received certain membership benefits which were not available to
others when all of them were granted access to the same facilities upon
presentation of their membership cards. [emphasis in original omitted;
emphasis added in italics]

101 Urging us to accept the Judge’s criticism of the Representative
Plaintiffs’ case on the terms issue, Treasure additionally argues that the
Representative Plaintiffs’ case would be problematic even if _all_ the
Claimants were relying on the terms of the Original Membership Agreements
being implied terms. Treasure submits that in order to determine if a term
should be implied in fact, the court will have to look at the presumed
intention of the contracting parties: see _The Moorcock_ (1889) 14 PD 64 (at
68), which was affirmed locally in, _inter alia_ , _Forefront Medical
Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927. Hence, each
Claimant would have to take the stand to prove the contractual terms in his or
her Original Membership Agreement, and would have to further prove that those
terms were novated to Treasure, thus undermining the representative character
of Suit 849 as a representative action.

102 We do not find Treasure’s arguments persuasive. As noted by this court in
_Foo Jong Peng and others v Phua Kiah Mai and another_ [2012] 4 SLR 1267 at
[34]–[35], in determining whether certain terms should be implied into a
contract, the court is not concerned with the _actual subjective_ intentions
of the contracting parties, but rather, focuses on the contracting parties’
_presumed_ intentions as ascertained from _objective_ evidence. It is thus not
clear how a cross-examination of each of the Claimants (209 in all) will aid
the trial judge in determining the terms issue. As for the Judge’s concern (at
[30] of the GD) that “[t]he [C]laimants would not have the requisite ‘same
interest’ stipulated in [O 15 r 12(1)]” if some of the Claimants relied on the
terms of their Original Membership Agreements being express whilst other
Claimants relied on such terms being implied, we think it will suffice if the
Representative Plaintiffs identify amongst the Claimants who are relying on
the terms of their Original Membership Agreements being express and who are
relying on those terms being implied in fact. Should the trial judge find,
_vis-à-vis_ a Claimant proceeding on the implied terms basis, that the alleged
terms could not be implied in fact, he or she could, at that stage,
discontinue Suit 849 as a representative action in so far as that Claimant is
concerned.

103 More fundamentally, the terms of the Original Membership Agreements form
only part of the factual matrix which the trial judge has to examine in
determining the terms of the Novated Membership Agreements. As a novation
essentially involves the creation of a new contract, it is entirely possible
for the parties to incorporate new terms into the novated contract or vary (in
the novated contract) the terms of the original contract, subject to the usual
requirements of consideration and the consent of all the parties: see _The Law
of Contract in Singapore_ (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy
Publishing, 2012) at para 15.059. Thus, the trial judge, in ascertaining what
the terms of the Novated Membership Agreements are, must also look at the
documents and acts which collectively brought about the Novated Membership
Agreements as those documents and acts may indicate variations of the terms of
the Original Membership Agreements in the Novated Membership Agreements and/or
the addition of new terms in the Novated Membership Agreements.

104 For the above reasons, we find that the Claimants do share a common method
of proving the terms of the Novated Membership Agreements. We make one further
observation – _viz_ , that even if the Representative Plaintiffs’ contractual
claims are allowed to proceed by way of a representative action, Treasure will
_not_ be foreclosed at the trial from arguing that the terms of each
Claimant’s Novated Membership Agreement would depend on the particular version
of the membership application form which that Claimant signed. Should the
trial judge agree with Treasure on this point, we think that O 15 r 12(1)
provides him or her with the option of sub-classing the Claimants according to
which version of the membership application form they signed and allowing
smaller representative actions to proceed in relation to each of the eight
different versions of the membership application form used at the material
time.

(2) The repudiation claim

105 Having dealt with the commonality of the novation issue and the terms
issue, we turn now to consider the Representative Plaintiffs’ contractual
claims proper, beginning with the repudiation claim. The Judge held below that
there could have been no commonality of interest in the repudiation claim
(and, likewise, the breach of contract claim) as the Claimants did not share
common membership privileges, having become Club members at different times
and under different arrangements (see the GD at [31], [41] and [63]).

106 A preliminary point to be made is that the Judge’s finding seems to be
based on the premise that at the trial, the membership privileges conferred on
each Claimant must be proved, and as the membership privileges granted to each
Claimant are not the same, representative proceedings will not be the proper
process. The same premise would appear to apply to the Representative
Plaintiffs’ submission that the same objective membership privileges and
benefits were made available to all the Claimants without any distinction
between Claimants who joined the Club at different times, or paid different
entrance fees, or filled in different versions of the membership application
form.[note: 32]

107 Without pre-empting the trial judge’s findings on the membership
privileges conferred on the Claimants, we are of the view that the lack of
commonality between the Claimants in this regard will _not_ pose an
insuperable obstacle to finding a commonality of interest as regards the
repudiation claim (although, as noted at [110] below, the differences between
the Claimants’ membership privileges may be relevant at the subsequent
assessment of damages if the Representative Plaintiffs succeed on a
representative basis in the repudiation claim).

108 For a start, we find that the Judge was mistaken in construing (at
[69]–[70] of the GD) the Representative Plaintiffs’ case on the repudiation
claim as being based on the 4 February 2008 letter from _Colony_ to the Club
members setting out the offer of a new Club membership contract and the terms
of such new contract, and in concluding, on that basis, that the
Representative Plaintiffs’ case on this claim was factually erroneous. The
crux of the Representative Plaintiffs’ case on the repudiation claim rests on
Treasure’s repudiation of the Novated Membership Agreements by its 4 February
2008 letter to all the Club members, the contents of which evinced (according
to the Representative Plaintiffs) Treasure’s intention to renounce all of its
obligations under the Novated Membership Agreements.[note: 33] The
Representative Plaintiffs’ case on repudiation thus falls into what this court
defined as “Situation 2” in _RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and
another appeal_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 at [93]:

In … Situation 2 …, where a party by his words or conduct, simply _renounces_
its contract inasmuch as it clearly conveys to the other party to the contract
that it _will not perform its contractual obligations at all_ , that other
party (_viz_ , the innocent party to the contract) is entitled to terminate
the contract. [emphasis in original]

Therefore, the key question to be determined apropos the repudiation claim is
what the manifested intentions of Treasure were in sending its 4 February 2008
letter to all the Club members. This in turn requires the court to embark on
an inquiry into what a reasonable man in the position of a Club member would
have inferred from the words in that letter: see _San International Pte Ltd
(formerly known as San Ho Huat Construction Pte Ltd) v Keppel Engineering Pte
Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 447.

109 In other words, had the Claimants brought individual actions against
Treasure for repudiating their respective Novated Membership Agreements, the
one single question which would arise in all these individual actions in
relation to the repudiation claim is: did the 4 February 2008 letter from
Treasure amount to a renunciation of its obligations under the Novated
Membership Agreements and, therefore, a wrongful repudiation of those
agreements? Therefore, even if there are differences in the terms of the
individual Novated Membership Agreements and/or the membership privileges
conferred on individual Claimants, they do not _prima facie_ preclude a
determination of the Representative Plaintiffs’ claim against Treasure for
wrongful repudiation of contract by way of a representative action. In the
light of the foregoing, we do not accept the Judge’s conclusion, and instead
find that the issue of Treasure’s alleged repudiation of the Novated
Membership Agreements was common to all the Claimants.

110 To complete our analysis of the repudiation claim, we turn to examine the
nature of the relief sought. The Representative Plaintiffs pray for
_declaratory_ relief in relation to Treasure’s alleged repudiation of the
Novated Membership Agreements.[note: 34] Such declaratory relief does not
require an assessment of damages on a personal basis in a representative
action, and thus will not offend the “same interest” requirement (see [76]
above). We should, however, add that if the Representative Plaintiffs succeed
(on a representative basis) in the repudiation claim, the differences between
the Claimants’ membership privileges may be relevant at the subsequent
assessment of damages, where it remains entirely open to the assessor to find
that an individual Claimant is only entitled to nominal damages for Treasure’s
repudiatory breach of contract by reason of the terms of his or her Novated
Membership Agreement. It is also only at this subsequent stage – and _not_ at
the present stage of determining whether Suit 849 meets the “same interest”
requirement – that Treasure’s contention that the terms of the Novated
Membership Agreements are critical to the trial judge’s determination of
whether damages are appropriate in the case of each individual Claimant[note:
35] comes into play.

111 In the light of the significant common issues arising from the repudiation
claim and the nature of the relief sought, we find that the “same interest”
requirement has been met and Suit 849 was properly commenced as a
representative action with regard to this claim.

(3) The breach of contract claim

112 Moving on to the second category of contractual claims (_viz_ , the breach
of contract claim), the above analysis of the novation issue and the terms
issue would also be applicable here. In respect of the breach of contract
claim, quite apart from the point that the terms of the Novated Membership
Agreements (including the membership benefits conferred) could be different,
it is also quite unlikely that Treasure’s alleged breaches of the Novated
Membership Agreements will be the same _vis-à-vis_ each of the Claimants as
each alleged breach (_eg_ , failing to accord three nights of complimentary
room stay at the Club per year) would have to be examined in the light of the
circumstances prevailing then to see if there was in fact any actual breach in
relation to the particular Claimant concerned. As is evident from Schedule 4
of SOC No 2 and acknowledged by the Representative Plaintiffs, the
circumstances surrounding Treasure’s alleged breaches of the Novated
Membership Agreements differ as between the Claimants.[note: 36] Moreover,
_vis-à-vis_ (specifically) Treasure’s obligation to offer three nights of
complimentary room stay at the Club yearly, there could not possibly be a
breach by Treasure of this particular obligation in relation to _all_ the
Claimants as some of them, on their own pleaded particulars, did not even
assert that they attempted to make use of their complimentary room vouchers
(_ie_ , to exercise that membership privilege). These are matters of fact
which would have to be gone into and examined individually. Accordingly, we
hold that the breach of contract claim is not a common issue between all the
Claimants.

113 The Representative Plaintiffs suggest that Suit 849 can still proceed as a
representative action _vis-à-vis_ the breach of contract claim as it remains
open to the court to place the Claimants into different baskets for the
purposes of granting the relevant declaratory relief.[note: 37] Sub-classing,
as we have so termed this, is a tempting but ultimately unsatisfactory
solution here. A quick perusal of Schedule 4 of SOC No 2 shows that the
circumstances surrounding Treasure’s alleged breaches of the Novated
Membership Agreements are too varied for the Claimants to be appropriately
sub-classed. We thus concur with the Judge’s decision below that Suit 849
should not be allowed to continue as a representative action where the breach
of contract claim is concerned. That claim will thus have to be pursued by
each Claimant in separate proceedings brought in his or her individual
capacity.

The misrepresentation claim

114 We now turn to consider whether the Representative Plaintiffs’
misrepresentation claim meets the “same interest” requirement. In this regard,
we note that Mr Tan, counsel for Treasure, made the point before us that the
misrepresentation claim is not the Representative Plaintiffs’ main concern in
Suit 849 in its representative form. Even if that were indeed the case, we do
not see how it matters. More importantly, it cannot be denied that the
misrepresentation claim is an expressly pleaded claim in SOC No 2. Treasure
has not applied to strike out that claim on the ground that it is wholly
without merit. It therefore does not lie in Treasure’s mouth to allege that
the misrepresentation claim is not the main claim in Suit 849 in its
representative form.

115 The Representative Plaintiffs’ case on misrepresentation rests on the
Representations as defined at [12] above, _ie_ , the representations made by
Treasure in the 16 December 2006 letter which it addressed and sent to all the
Club members.[note: 38] Treasure does not dispute that it sent that letter. In
our view, the following issues arise from the misrepresentation claim:

(a) whether the Representations were false (“the falsity issue”); and

(b) if the Representations were false:

(i) whether those representations were made to the Claimants;

(ii) whether those representations were made with the knowledge that they were
false, and/or without any genuine belief that they were true, and/or
negligently;

(iii) whether those false representations were material;

(iv) whether Treasure, in making those representations, intended to induce the
Claimants to consent to the novation of their respective Original Membership
Agreements; and

(v) whether the Claimants actually relied on those representations, suffering
damage and/or loss as a result (“the reliance issue”).

116 The parties’ dispute primarily centres on the commonality of the falsity
issue and the reliance issue. As regards the other issues listed above at
[115(b)(i)]–[115(b)(iv)], we note that they are common issues as they are
concerned either with the Representations themselves or with Treasure’s state
of mind in making those representations. The same factual and legal inquiry
required for the determination of those other issues will apply to all the
Claimants in respect of the misrepresentation claim.

117 Treasure contends that the falsity issue is not common to all the
Claimants as the Representations concerned the enjoyment of existing
membership privileges[note: 39] which differed from one Claimant to
another.[note: 40] We disagree. In our opinion, the statement in Treasure’s 16
December 2006 letter (that Club members would be able to continue enjoying the
privileges accorded to them under their existing membership with the Club
provided they paid their monthly subscription fees to Treasure) and the
statement in Treasure’s 27 December 2006 letter (that Club members should pay
their monthly subscription fees to Treasure from January 2007 onwards) are the
crucial statements which the Claimants are relying on in the misrepresentation
claim. The enjoyment of existing membership privileges and the denial of such
privileges relate instead to the breach of contract claim (which, we have
held, is not suitable for determination by way of a representative action). It
is only in relation to the breach of contract claim that the circumstances
pertaining to and the proof required of each Claimant may be different (see
[112]–[113] above). That is not the case in relation to the misrepresentation
claim as, in every instance, Treasure’s letters of 16 December 2006 and 27
December 2006 would be the foundation to prove Treasure’s alleged
misrepresentation.

118 We do not think that any alleged differences in the Claimants’ existing
membership privileges would _prima facie_ be material to the commonality of
the falsity issue. In order to establish the falsity of a representation, the
plaintiff must show that he understood the representation in a particular
sense, and that it was false in that sense: see _Trans-World (Aluminium) Ltd v
Cornelder China (Singapore)_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 501 at [63]. Such understanding
from the words used must be assessed objectively in their factual matrix: see
_Sumitomo Bank Ltd v Banque Bruxelles Lambert SA_ [1997] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 487 at
515. The nub of the Representative Plaintiffs’ case is that the
Representations turned out to be false as the Claimants were effectively
deprived of their existing membership privileges by Treasure’s repudiation of
the Novated Membership Agreements pursuant to its letter of 4 February
2008.[note: 41] Hence, the factual and/or legal inquiry to be made to
substantiate the allegation of misrepresentation will not differ as between
the Claimants – the Representations were made to the Claimants in their
identical capacities as Club members and were contained within a single
document (namely, Treasure’s 16 December 2006 letter to the Club members).
What the Claimants’ existing membership privileges were and the fact that the
Claimants may not have been identically situated _vis-à-vis_ the existing
membership privileges would not be material to the determination of the
falsity issue. In any case, even if there are differences between the
Claimants on this front, that will be a factor which the trial judge could
take into account in exercising his or her discretion as to whether to let
Suit 849 continue as a representative action in respect of all the Claimants
_vis-à-vis_ the misrepresentation claim. The trial judge could also allow Suit
849 to proceed as a representative action with regard to that claim by
splitting it into several representative actions (apropos that claim) through
sub-classing the Claimants as may be appropriate. We therefore find that the
falsity issue is common between all the Claimants.

119 Moving on to the reliance issue, Treasure argues that this issue is fact-
dependent and, therefore, has to be individually proved by each
Claimant.[note: 42] As in the previous question of consent to the alleged
novation of the Original Membership Agreements from Sijori to Treasure, we
think it pertinent to note that _prima facie_ , nothing on the facts of the
present case suggests that the legal and factual inquiry in relation to this
question of reliance would differ materially as between the Claimants. In this
regard, the Representative Plaintiffs, and, indeed, all the other Claimants
too, are proceeding on the same basis – that their reliance on the
Representations was evidenced by the _same_ act of their paying their monthly
subscription fees to Treasure from January 2007 onwards.[note: 43] We
therefore find that the reliance issue is a common one between all the
Claimants.

120 As regards the relief sought by the Representative Plaintiffs for
misrepresentation, it is abundantly clear that the declaratory relief prayed
for[note: 44] will benefit the entire class of Claimants. The question of
assessment of the damages due to each of the Representative Plaintiffs (and
each of the other Claimants) does not arise at this stage.

121 For the above reasons, we find that the Representative Plaintiffs’
misrepresentation claim meets the “same interest” requirement and Suit 849 was
properly commenced as a representative action in respect of this claim. In
view of this and our earlier ruling on the “same interest” requirement _vis-à-
vis_ the repudiation claim, we also find (_per_ our reasoning at [88] above)
that Suit 849 was properly brought as a representative action in respect of
the conspiracy claim, even though we have found that the “same interest”
requirement has not been met in respect of the breach of contract claim. In
short, we hold that Suit 849 was properly constituted as a representative
action in relation to the repudiation claim, the misrepresentation claim and
the conspiracy claim (collectively referred to hereafter as “the Permitted
Claims”), but not in relation to the breach of contract claim.

Whether this court should exercise its discretion to refuse to reinstate Suit
849 as a representative action

122 Having held that the threshold requirement for a representative action has
been met, we now turn to the second stage of the analysis – whether this court
should nevertheless exercise its discretion under O 15 r 12(1) to refuse to
reinstate Suit 849 as a representative action _vis-à-vis_ the Permitted Claims
and thereby affirm the decision of the Judge.

123 Before we embark on such analysis, however, we need to deal with
Treasure’s preliminary point that this appeal should fail _in limine_.
Treasure contends that the Representative Plaintiffs failed to discharge their
burden of providing a basis for this court to intervene in the Judge’s
exercise of her discretion under O 15 r 12(1) to discontinue Suit 849 as a
representative action: see _QBE Insurance Ltd v Sim Lim Finance Ltd_ [1987]
SLR(R) 23. In support of its proposition that the Judge did exercise her
discretion under O 15 r 12(1), Treasure cites [49] of the GD, where the Judge
considered the court’s discretion under O 15 r 12(1) to discontinue an action
as a representative action. Treasure further argues that it is apparent from
the Judge’s reasoning that she was troubled by countervailing considerations
if Suit 849 were allowed to continue in its representative form, and that it
was for those same countervailing considerations that she concluded (at [74]
of the GD) that Suit 849 should be discontinued as a representative action
because “a class action would be a time-consuming, costly but ultimately
fruitless exercise”.

124 We are unable to accept Treasure’s contention that this appeal should fail
_in limine_. Having examined the GD, it is clear to us that the Judge did not
allow Suit 849 to continue as a representative action because, in her opinion,
the “same interest” requirement had not been met, and _not_ because, having
decided that the “same interest” requirement had been met, she then, in the
exercise of her discretion and considering all the other relevant
circumstances, held that she should not allow the suit to continue in its
representative form. This is clear from [50] of the GD. Order 15 r 12(1)
contemplates a two-stage approach (see [29] above). The Representative
Plaintiffs did not satisfy the Judge as to what was needed to move to the
second (discretionary) stage. We are, therefore, in the present case not
interfering with the Judge’s exercise of her discretion under O 15 r 12(1).

125 Having dealt with the aforesaid preliminary point and having held (at
[111] and [121] above) that the Representative Plaintiffs have met the
threshold “same interest” requirement for commencing a representative action
as regards the Permitted Claims, we turn now to the balancing exercise that
must be carried out to determine if this court should exercise its discretion
to refuse to reinstate Suit 849 as a representative action _vis-à-vis_ these
claims (see [81]–[86] above). In this regard, the factors in favour of
reinstating Suit 849 as a representative action in relation to these claims
must be weighed against the prejudice to Treasure which might arise from the
procedural limitations of a representative action.

126 As regards the former, we observe that there will be considerable time and
cost savings for both parties should Suit 849 be reinstated as a
representative action _vis-à-vis_ the Permitted Claims since the factual
inquiry and legal analysis for the determination of the common issues in these
claims would not need to be repeated for each of the individual Claimants.

127 Turning to the possible prejudice to Treasure, we deal first with the
issue of costs canvassed by Mr Tan at the hearing before us. We recognise that
should Treasure successfully defend itself at the trial, an order for costs
can be made only against the Representative Plaintiffs, but not against the
Represented Persons. This, however, will not be an obstacle to the court’s
exercise of its discretion to make such order as will ensure that all the
costs appropriately incurred by Treasure in respect of Suit 849 as a
representative action are recoverable against all the Claimants.
Significantly, Treasure has not raised any concerns about the Representative
Plaintiffs (or any of the Represented Persons) being impecunious; we doubt,
therefore, that there will be any real prejudice to Treasure in this regard.
Mr Tan’s other concern was that should Treasure lose at the trial, it might be
subject to larger costs claims even if the quantum of damages are later
assessed to be very small or even non-existent for a sizeable proportion of
the Claimants. Again, we do not think that this will pose any real problems to
Treasure since its concern can easily be allayed by the court, if it thinks
fit, making no costs orders until all outstanding issues arising from Suit 849
have been resolved. In any event, we would also reiterate the view expressed
by this court in _Lin Jian Wei and another v Lim Eng Hock Peter_ [2011] 3 SLR
1052 and recently affirmed in _Koh Sin Chong Freddie v Chan Cheng Wah Bernard
and others and another appeal_ [2013] SGCA 46 (at [90]) that taxation of costs
in a claim for unliquidated damages should ordinarily not be carried out until
damages have been agreed by the parties or determined by the court.

128 Another contention which Treasure has raised in relation to, specifically,
the repudiation claim is that it might be precluded from raising Claimant-
specific defences should that claim be allowed to proceed by way of a
representative action. In particular, Treasure points out that some of the
Claimants were in arrears with their monthly subscription fees at the material
time and were therefore not entitled to enjoy any membership privileges.[note:
45]

129 Again, we are not persuaded by this contention. Even if some of the
Claimants were indeed in arrears with their monthly subscription fees at the
material time, we do not think that this would _prima facie_ amount to an
absolute defence warranting Treasure’s repudiation of the Novated Membership
Agreements. The issue of subscription arrears could perhaps be better dealt
with by reducing any damages awarded to those Claimants who were in arrears by
the relevant amounts owing. In any event, this is a matter which can be dealt
with at a later stage, _ie_ , at a separate assessment of damages. Moreover,
even if the arrears in monthly subscription fees are found to be an absolute
defence justifying Treasure’s repudiation of the Novated Membership
Agreements, we agree with the Representative Plaintiffs’ submission that such
a Claimant-specific defence can be dealt with by the trial judge if and when
it emerges on the facts. The Claimants against whom this defence is available
can be identified and placed into a different group, in respect of which the
trial judge can make provision or otherwise treat as appropriate. We would
emphasise that the mere possibility that separate defences could be raised
against some of the Claimants is not sufficient to induce this court to
exercise its discretion to refuse to reinstate Suit 849 as a representative
action.

130 A further contention by Mr Tan is that Treasure may be prejudiced as
regards cross-examination and discovery pertaining to versions M4 to M8 of the
membership application form in so far as the Representative Plaintiffs consist
only of those Club members who signed versions M1 to M3 of the application
form. At the close of the hearing of this appeal, without determining whether
there was any merit in this alleged prejudice, we directed the Representative
Plaintiffs’ solicitors to take instructions and confirm if they would be able
to put forward a Representative Plaintiff for each of the eight versions of
the membership application form used at the material time, for instance, by
adding as Representative Plaintiffs those Club members who signed versions M4
to M8. The Representative Plaintiffs’ solicitors have since written to inform
this court that they will be able to do so. This should assuage Treasure’s
fears of being prejudiced on this front.

131 In any case, while we do not think that cross-examination of and/or
discovery from each individual Claimant is really called for, that question,
if it should arise, can appropriately be left to the trial judge. As we see it
now, both parties, in conducting their respective cases, will largely be
relying on documentary evidence in the form of the documents set out at [96]
above and Treasure’s bank records, all of which are already in Treasure’s
possession. Cross-examination of and/or discovery from each of the Claimants
is unlikely to aid Treasure’s case.

132 As regards the misrepresentation claim, as noted earlier, the falsity of
the Representations has to be _objectively_ determined within the factual
matrix. The relevant documentary evidence will already be in Treasure’s
possession. We are thus not persuaded that Treasure will really be prejudiced
by its inability to seek discovery from all the Claimants. In the same vein,
we do not share Treasure’s concern that it will be unduly prejudiced by its
inability to cross-examine each Represented Person as it is unclear why such
cross-examination would be needed and how it would materially advance
Treasure’s case, other than prolonging the trial of Suit 849.

133 All said, it seems to us that the assertion that Treasure might raise
separate defences against the Claimants is more hypothetical than real. In any
case, as alluded to at [118] above, should the trial judge find that the
existing membership privileges did in fact differ as between the Claimants and
that such difference would likely impede a fair disposal of Suit 849, O 15 r
12(1) empowers the trial judge to sub-class the Claimants and direct that
separate representative actions continue for each of the sub-classes of
Claimants. Again, Treasure will not be unduly prejudiced since such a sub-
classing will not be complicated and any increase in costs can be dealt with
by appropriate orders from the court.

134 A final point which we need to address relates to Treasure’s contention
that reinstating Suit 849 as a representative action would prejudice
Treasure’s position concerning the reliance issue in the misrepresentation
claim. We recognise that where false material representations are proved to be
fraudulently made, this gives rise to a rebuttable presumption that the person
to whom the representations were made did rely on them: see _Wee Chiaw Sek
Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng,
deceased) and another_ [2013] SGCA 36 at [42]–[45]. Thus, it could be
plausibly argued that Treasure will be unduly prejudiced in the conduct of its
defence as a result of its inability to cross-examine each Claimant to show
that the Representations neither operated in the mind of a particular
Claimant, nor played a real and substantial part in inducing that Claimant to
act on the Representations.

135 A few points can be made in response to this argument. First, we note that
Treasure itself has not raised anything more than a theoretical possibility of
there being Claimant-specific defences. As mentioned at [70] above, mere
postulations that the defendant may have separate defences against different
claimants do not constitute an insurmountable barrier to allowing a
representative action which has been properly commenced to proceed in its
representative form. Second, we think it worth emphasising that O 15 r 12(1)
is a rule of convenience. It might be that at the trial, certain facts emerge
such that the trial judge deems it unsatisfactory to decide the reliance issue
by way of representative proceedings. We do not think that the trial judge
will be precluded from ordering that the reliance issue be decided together
with any separate and individual assessment of damages for misrepresentation.
While this might pose some inconvenience, we are not at all persuaded that
such hypothetical inconvenience will outweigh the convenience to _both_
parties of having all the other elements of the misrepresentation claim which
are common to the Claimants decided in a representative action. Realistically,
and as a matter of common sense, where (as in the present case) pursuant to
representations made in writing, the addressees acted in compliance therewith
(and such acts of compliance are objectively proved), we do not see what
further evidence is needed to prove reliance. In the context of this case,
this alleged prejudice is simply unreal.

136 Indeed, we think it incumbent upon us to point out that the alternatives
canvassed by Treasure pose difficulties of their own and are more likely to
lead to higher costs and inconvenience. For instance, the suggestion of a test
case will encounter the same problems in the light of Treasure’s own argument
that each individual Claimant has to be treated separately and individually.
Putting it another way, for a test case to be effective, it must also be
representative of all the other Claimants; the same difficulties which
allegedly bedevil Suit 849 as a representative action will therefore be
present in a test case scenario. As for the alternative of joinder of all the
Represented Persons as named plaintiffs in Suit 849, we think this is hardly a
practical solution, bearing in mind that there are 202 Represented Persons in
total. Costs-wise, joinder is a bad suggestion as each of the Represented
Persons, after being joined as a plaintiff, will have to file his or her own
affidavit of evidence-in-chief in support of his or her claim, rendering the
whole proceedings costly and unwieldy – the very outcome which a
representative action is intended to avert.

Conclusion

137 In the premises, we are entirely satisfied that there are no compelling
reasons not to reinstate Suit 849 as a representative action _vis-à-vis_ the
Permitted Claims. The advantages in favour of reinstating Suit 849 in a
representative form far outweigh the alleged downsides, which, to our minds,
are no more than mere speculative possibilities. Accordingly, we allow this
appeal and set aside the order of the Judge. The Representative Plaintiffs
shall have only 75% of the costs here and below because they failed on the
breach of contract claim. However, no taxation of such costs shall be made
until the conclusion of the substantive hearing of Suit 849 (including the
assessment of damages and any appeals therefrom).

138 Leave is also hereby given to the Representative Plaintiffs to:

(a) add any new party as a Representative Plaintiff and/or substitute any of
the existing Representative Plaintiffs with a new party so that there will be
at least one Representative Plaintiff for each of the eight different versions
of the membership application form used by the Claimants to sign up as Club
members; and

(b) make the appropriate consequential amendments to their pleadings following
the substitution of existing parties and/or the addition of new parties.

* * *

[note: 1]See SOC No 2 at pp 61–112.

[note: 2]See the Appellants’ Core Bundle (“ACB”) vol 2A, pp 29–34.

[note: 3]See ACB vol 2A, p 30.

[note: 4]See ACB vol 2A, p 35.

[note: 5]See ACB vol 2A, p 42.

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]See ACB vol 2A, p 44.

[note: 8]See ACB vol 2A, p 45.

[note: 9]See ACB vol 2A, p 46.

[note: 10]See ACB vol 2A, p 48.

[note: 11]See paras 8 and 46 of the Appellants’ Case dated 19 February 2013
(“AC”).

[note: 12]See para 46 of AC.

[note: 13]See para 51 of AC.

[note: 14]See paras 51, 52 and 121 of AC.

[note: 15]See para 104 of AC.

[note: 16]See paras 154–159 of AC.

[note: 17]See para 166 of AC.

[note: 18]See para 53 of AC.

[note: 19]See para 139 of the Respondent’s Case dated 19 March 2013 (“RC”).

[note: 20]See paras 158–163 of RC.

[note: 21]See para 182 of RC.

[note: 22]See paras 201–212 of RC.

[note: 23]See para 67 of RC.

[note: 24]See para 138(a) of RC.

[note: 25]See para 137 of RC.

[note: 26]See para 3 of SOC No 2.

[note: 27]See para 193 of RC.

[note: 28]See paras 138–144 of AC.

[note: 29]See para 23 of SOC No 2.

[note: 30]See para 9 of SOC No 1.

[note: 31]See para 134 of AC.

[note: 32]See para 137 of AC.

[note: 33]See para 161 of AC.

[note: 34]See prayers 2 and 4 at p 25 of SOC No 2.

[note: 35]See para 13 of Drew & Napier LLC’s letter to the court dated 6 June
2013.

[note: 36]See paras 155–156 of AC.

[note: 37]See para 156 of AC.

[note: 38]See paras 17–18 of SOC No 2.

[note: 39]See para 18(a) of SOC No 2.

[note: 40]See para 198 of RC.

[note: 41]See paras 29, 30 and 34(c) of SOC No 2.

[note: 42]See para 197 of RC.

[note: 43]See para 150 of AC.

[note: 44]See prayers 5 and 6 at p 25 of SOC No 2.

[note: 45]See para 185(b) of RC.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

