Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PPG Industries (Singapore) Pte Ltd _v_ Compact Metal Industries Ltd  
[2013] SGCA 23

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 125 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 March 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Nicholas Narayanan (Nicholas & Tan Partnership LLP) for
the appellant; Michael Por Hock Sing and Er Jing Xian Cindy (Michael Por Law
Corporation) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  PPG Industries (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Compact Metal Industries Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 91.]

14 March 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is the defendant’s appeal against the decision of the High Court judge
(“the Judge”) in _Compact Metal Industries Ltd v PPG Industries (Singapore)
Pte Ltd_ [2012] SGHC 91 (“the GD”).

2 Having carefully considered the arguments of both parties, we are of the
view that the Judge’s decision and reasoning ought to be affirmed – with the
exception of two particular issues (_viz_ , that relating to the award of
damages for additional site preliminaries incurred by the plaintiff as part of
the delay costs incurred for late installation of the panels in question, and
that relating to the defendant’s counterclaim). For the reasons set out below,
we allow in part the defendant’s appeal with regard to the first issue, _viz_
, the award of damages to the plaintiff for additional site preliminaries. In
so far as the second issue regarding the defendant’s counterclaim is
concerned, we remit it back to the Judge below for her decision because (as
both parties correctly conceded) the GD does not disclose the Judge’s decision
and reasoning in relation to the defendant’s counterclaim. However, we
respectfully _differ_ from _the reasoning_ (_albeit not the decision_) given
in the GD with regard to _one_ other issue (_viz_ , whether the plaintiff was
entitled to claim from the defendant the liquidated damages that it had to pay
to the main contractor as a result of the defendant’s breach of contract). We
will elaborate on both the point about the additional site preliminaries and
the point about the liquidated damages below. Before proceeding to do so, we
note that the facts have been comprehensively set out by the Judge in the GD
and we will therefore not rehearse any of the facts, save to the extent that
they impact on the points just mentioned.

The award of damages to the plaintiff for additional site preliminaries

3 The damages awarded by the Judge for the additional site preliminaries
represented the costs incurred by the plaintiff’s subsidiary, Façade Master
Pte Ltd (“Façade”), for the additional days of delay in the completion of the
project that were caused by the defendant’s failure to provide paint of a
satisfactory quality. These costs include staff salaries, transportation
costs, equipment costs and utilities bills. The Judge awarded the plaintiff
damages totalling $1,040,662.35 for 273 days’ worth of costs expended on
additional site preliminaries. The Judge accepted, _inter alia_ , the view of
the plaintiff’s expert, Keith Pickavance (“Pickavance”), that the defendant’s
breach of contract caused 273 days of delay in the completion of the project.

4 Before us, the defendant argues that it is inequitable for the Judge to
allow damages for 273 days of delay when the project’s architects, RSP
Architects Planners & Engineers (Pte) Ltd (“RSP”), had granted extensions of
time totalling 168 days to the project’s main contractor, Taisei Corporation
(“Taisei”), and, as such, the project would have been delayed in any event
even if there were no problems with the paint. In support of its position that
the Judge’s decision to award 273 days’ worth of additional site preliminaries
should be upheld by this court, the plaintiff essentially relies on
Pickavance’s view that the paint tonality issue caused a critical delay of 273
days in the completion of the project with no concurrent causes of delay. The
plaintiff also points out that the Judge accepted Pickavance’s view and that
the defendant had made no arguments that challenged the analysis advanced by
Pickavance in his expert evidence.

5 In our view, the sole issue that arises here is that of _causation_. The
but-for test is used to determine factual causation for the purposes of
contract law: see the decisions of this court in _Sunny Metal & Engineering
Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 782 at [63] and _Anti-Corrosion
Pte Ltd v Berger Paints Singapore Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2012] 1 SLR 427
at [39]. Thus, the crucial question is whether the 273 days’ worth of
additional site preliminaries (or part thereof) would not have been incurred
by the plaintiff but for the defendant’s breach of contract. To recast this
question: Whether the 273 days of delay in the completion of the project (or
part thereof) were caused by the defendant’s breach of contract, or by some
other delaying event.

6 In this regard, both parties’ expert witnesses on the issue of delay, namely
Pickavance and Thomas Anthony Harker (“Harker”), proffered diametrically
opposed views as to the cause of the 273 days of delay in the completion of
the project. Pickavance opined that the defendant’s failure to provide paint
of satisfactory quality _solely_ caused the entire 273 days of delay and there
were no concurrent causes of delay. On the other hand, Harker opined that not
a single day of delay was caused by the defendant’s breach of contract.

7 In our view, both experts’ positions are unreasonable and cannot, by any
measure of logic and common sense, be accepted in their entirety (if at all).
It cannot reasonably be said that the defendant’s breach of contract caused
absolutely _no_ delay to the completion of the project, particularly since the
parties had spent several months to achieve a satisfactory quality of the
paint. Harker’s position is, with respect, untenable and unrealistic.

8 On the other hand, it seemed (at least at first blush) that the defendant
could not have been _solely_ liable for the full 273 days of delay, because
there were other delaying events which in all likelihood contributed in some
measure to the 273 days of delay in the completion of the project. The
numerous delaying events for which Taisei sought to obtain extensions of time
from RSP are represented in the breakdown of delaying events appended to an
affidavit filed on behalf of RSP. Out of these delaying events, RSP granted
Taisei extensions of time totalling 168 days for four specific delaying
events. Counsel for the defendant conceded during oral submissions (correctly,
in our view) that two of these delaying events could not be relied upon by the
defendant in the present appeal, _viz_ , “Reinstatement Works to Podium
Granite Cladding at GL 1/F & 5/F” and “Removal of concrete encasements to
Elevation 4 shafts steel structures”, for which a total of 81 days of
extensions of time were granted by RSP to Taisei.

9 We are left with two specific delaying events which are relevant to the
present appeal; they are “No Noisy Work/Stop Work Orders” and “Exceptionally
adverse weather conditions”, for which 78 days and 9 days of extensions of
time, respectively, were granted by RSP. Both delaying events were not
attributable to the defendant’s fault, but in all likelihood did contribute to
the ultimate delay in the completion of the project. If work at the project
site was ordered to stop or weather conditions were so adverse that works
could not proceed, it stands to reason and common sense that these two
delaying events would have consequently caused some measure of delay in the
completion of the project, and it must follow that the defendant should not
have been held liable for the delay in the completion of the project which was
caused by these two delaying events. RSP’s decision to grant Taisei extensions
of time for these two specific delaying events is further acknowledgement that
these two delaying events did cause delays in the completion of the project.
Therefore, we reject Pickavance’s view that there were no concurrent delays in
the completion of the project, for it does not accord with either logic or
common sense. We do not find Pickavance’s explanation to the effect that the
two delaying events did not cause concurrent delay to the completion of the
project persuasive. In particular, in so far as the adverse weather conditions
were concerned, Pickavance’s explanation that it could only have reduced the
degree of acceleration works done and could not have caused delays is plainly
contrary to the ordinary course of nature and common sense. If inclement
weather could have caused acceleration works to be delayed, then, _a fortiori_
, it should naturally follow that the works for the project would have been
delayed as well.

10 At this juncture, we would also like to point out that the opinions of
experts will always remain as opinions and do not bind the court concerned.
This is particularly the case where the expert’s opinion relates to an issue
of mixed fact and law, as is the case here (_ie_ , the issue of causation).
With respect, we found the views of both experts in the present case to be of
limited utility in helping us to address the issue at hand inasmuch as they
both adopted extreme positions which were (as noted above) inconsistent with
both common sense and logic.

11 For the reasons set out above, we are of the view that the defendant should
not be held liable for the entire 273 days’ worth of additional site
preliminaries. The defendant should only be liable for 186 days’ worth of
additional site preliminaries. We therefore allow the defendant’s appeal in
this respect and reduce the damages awarded to the plaintiff for the
additional site preliminaries from $1,040,662.35 (being $3,811.95 multiplied
by 273 days of delay) to $709,022.70 (being $3,811.95 multiplied by 186 days
of delay).

The claim for liquidated damages by the plaintiff

12 As already pointed out above (at [2]), whilst we agree with the Judge that
the plaintiff was entitled to claim from the defendant the liquidated damages
that were paid to the main contractor as a result of the defendant’s breach of
contract, we would respectfully differ from the _reasoning_ she adopted in
arriving at that particular decision.

13 In particular, the Judge held that the _second_ limb of the rule in the
celebrated English decision of _Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch 341; 165 ER
145 (“ _Hadley_ ”) applied and that the plaintiff had satisfied the
requirement of actual knowledge on the part of the defendant under this limb
(see the GD at [105] and [114]). The rule in _Hadley_ was affirmed by this
court in _Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd and
another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“ _Robertson Quay_ ”); _MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd
and another v Fish & Co Restaurants Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2011] 1 SLR
150; and _Out of the Box Pte Ltd v Wanin Industries Pte Ltd_ [2013] SGCA 15.
The relevant reasons as well as rationales were canvassed in some detail in
these decisions and we will therefore not rehearse them in this judgment.

14 The _second_ limb of the rule in _Hadley_ applies, of course, in the
situation of _extraordinary or non-natural_ damage. In order, therefore, to
fix the defendant with liability for the damage or loss arising in this
particular regard, _actual_ knowledge on the part of the defendant must be
shown. As this court observed in _Robertson Quay_ (at [82]), as damage which
falls under the second limb in _Hadley_ does “ _not_ , by its _very nature_ ,
[fall] within the reasonable contemplation of the contracting parties”, it
would, “[i]n the circumstances ... be both _unjust and unfair_ to _impute_ to
them knowledge that such damage or loss would arise upon a breach of contract”
[emphasis in original]. This court then proceeded to observe, as follows
(_ibid_):

_However_ , _if_ the contracting parties, _having had the opportunity to
communicate with each other in advance_ , had _actual_ (as opposed to imputed)
knowledge of _the special circumstances_ which resulted in the “extraordinary”
or “non-natural” damage, then it is _neither_ unjust _nor_ unfair to hold the
contract-breaker liable in damages for such damage. If, _armed with_ such
_actual_ knowledge, the contracting parties do not make express provision in
their contract for what is to happen in the event of a breach of that contract
resulting in “extraordinary” or “non-natural” damage, _then they must be taken
to have agreed that should such damage occur, the contract-breaker would be
liable for such damage_. [emphasis in original]

15 At this juncture, it is pertinent to note that the facts and circumstances
giving rise to the present appeal are _sui generis_. Correspondingly, the
decision should be considered in light of the manner in which the parties had
framed and argued the legal issues.

16 The plaintiff’s claim was for the liquidated damages that Façade had
incurred, Façade being a subsidiary of the plaintiff. It would be immediately
apparent that there is an issue as to whether the plaintiff had suffered a
loss _vis-à-vis_ the claim for liquidated damages. As a consequence, we
requested further written submissions from the parties on this particular
point. In its written submissions, the defendant argued that there was no
evidence that the plaintiff had suffered a loss, and that the appeal should be
allowed on this basis. The defendant further argued that it should be granted
leave to raise this new point at this stage of the proceedings. After
considering the further submissions, we did not think that there was any merit
to the defendant’s objections for the following reasons.

17 First, the issue (relating to the plaintiff’s entitlement to claim on
behalf of its subsidiaries) was raised and considered before the Assistant
Registrar hearing the assessment of damages. The Assistant Registrar, after
hearing the respective parties’ submissions, held that she would proceed on
the basis that the damages suffered by the plaintiff’s subsidiary would be
attributed to the plaintiff, without a breakdown of each subsidiary’s role or
liability in this matter. Although the decision of the Assistant Registrar may
appear unusual at first blush, a brief perusal of the relevant transcripts
suggests that her decision was necessitated by the parties’ conduct in the
litigation. The plaintiff and the defendant had each engaged an expert to deal
with the issue of the delay. The experts proceeded on the basis that the
plaintiff and its subsidiaries (including Façade) were to be considered as a
single entity. Viewed in this context, the decision of the Assistant Registrar
is understandable from a practical perspective. We ought, at this juncture, to
emphasise that this decision should not be construed as in any way diminishing
– let alone abrogating – the separate legal personalities doctrine which is a
fundamental one in company law. Instead, this decision arises as a practical
consequence of the way in which the proceedings were conducted. Indeed, the
Appellant’s Case filed in the present appeal by the defendants was entirely
silent as to whether Compact, as an individual entity, had suffered any loss,
even though the defendant would have known of this point for some years since
the point was raised before the Assistant Registrar hearing the assessment of
damages.

18 Indeed, the fact that this point was not raised until a very late stage in
the appeal was corroborated by the defendant’s further written submissions
(which were filed in response to the queries raised by this court after the
hearing). The defendant sought leave, in this regard, to raise a point of law
as to whether the plaintiff and Façade were to be treated as a single entity
for the purposes of the appeal. We dismiss the defendant’s belated attempts to
introduce this point. First, as already observed, we note that the request for
leave comes at an extremely belated stage. The request came _after_ the
hearing before this court, and only when further written submissions were
sought by the court in this regard. Indeed, the proceedings between the
parties have remained unresolved for close to eight years since the writ was
filed. Second, as was observed by this court in _Susilawati v American Express
Bank Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 737 at [61]–[62], the defendant’s attempt to
introduce a new point late in the day would necessitate an amendment of the
pleadings. This, in turn, would likely require the plaintiff to be given leave
to adduce further evidence on the new point. Given that the point that the
defendant is seeking to raise is not a new point (as it was canvassed before
the Assistant Registrar, a point which was, not surprisingly, emphasised by
the plaintiff in its further written submissions), we think that it would be
prejudicial to allow the application for leave at this extremely belated
stage. As a result, we will proceed to assess the liquidated damages by
construing Compact and Façade as one entity for the purposes of this appeal.

19 In our respectful view, the situation in the context of the present appeal
is _not_ one which concerns extraordinary or non-natural damage. It concerns,
instead, _ordinary_ damage which falls within the _first_ limb of the rule in
_Hadley_. There is thus _no_ requirement of _actual_ knowledge on the part of
the defendant as knowledge of such damage would be _imputed_ to it. The
rationale underlying this was clearly stated by this court in _Robertson Quay_
, as follows (at [81]):

Since everyone (_including the contracting parties_) must, _as reasonable
people_ , be taken to know of damage which flows “naturally” ... from a breach
of contract, the first limb of _Hadley_ does _no_ violence to the original
bargain between the contracting parties who, _ex hypothesi_ , have not
expressly provided for what is to happen in the event of a breach of their
contract. _However_ , _if_ the contracting parties had thought about this
issue, they _would, in all likelihood, have agreed_ that the contract-breaker
should be liable in damages for all such “ _ordinary_ ” damage. It is
therefore neither unjust nor unfair to _impute_ knowledge of such damage to
them ... . Indeed, to argue otherwise would be unjust and absurd as the
logical conclusion of such an argument would be that the contract-breaker
would not be liable for any loss at all. [emphasis in original]

20 Returning to the facts of the present case, as the Judge pertinently
pointed out (see the GD at [110]), “the spectre of liquidated damages is the
bane of every contractor in Singapore and is _part and parcel of the
construction industry as a whole_ ” [emphasis added]. The defendant entered
into the contract aware that the paint ordered by the plaintiff was customised
for use in the project to refurbish the MAS building (see _Compact Metal
Industries Ltd v PPG Industries (Singapore) Ltd_ [2006] SGHC 242 at [109]) and
the parties thus entered into the contract against this backdrop of an overall
tiered contractual structure governing the relationships of the various
contractors involved in the project. Put simply, if a defendant breaches its
contract which consequently causes delay to a construction project, the
defendant must be taken to know that the other party, which is a sub-
contractor to the project, would be liable to the main contractor in
liquidated damages. This is common knowledge within the construction industry
and, hence, justifies the _imputation_ of knowledge in such circumstances.

21 Indeed, it appears to us that, if this head of the _plaintiff’s_ claim is
characterised as extraordinary or non-natural damage, the damage might,
instead, be _too remote_ – given the important requirement (emphasised above)
that _actual_ knowledge must be demonstrated on the part of the defendant if
the damage is _not_ to be found to be too remote. To elaborate, in this case,
the Judge considered, _inter alia_ , knowledge which the defendant had
_actual_ possession of _well after_ the time the contract had been entered
into (see the GD at [111]–[112]) – indeed, at a fairly late stage of the
hearing of the assessment of damages (which was _itself_ well after the
hearing with respect to the issue of _liability_). _However_ , in the
paragraph _immediately preceding_ the paragraphs just referred to (_viz_ , the
GD at [110]), the Judge had, in fact, _already touched on_ the issue of
_imputed_ knowledge which would have resolved the issue of remoteness of
damage based on the _first_ limb of the rule in _Hadley_. This is, in our
view, the correct legal analysis, as pointed out above at [19]–[20].

22 In the circumstances, whilst we agree with the _decision_ of the Judge with
regard to this particular issue, we do so on the basis of the application of
the _first_ limb of the rule in _Hadley_ (_instead_ of the _second_ limb,
which was the basis of the Judge’s reasoning in the court below).

Conclusion

23 In summary, although we allow in part the appeal with regard to the award
of damages to the plaintiff for additional site preliminaries and order that
the issue of the defendant’s counterclaim be remitted back to the Judge for
her decision, we affirm the Judge’s decision and reasoning with regard to all
the other issues. However, we have also explained why, although we agree with
the Judge’s decision with regard to the claim by the plaintiff for liquidated
damages, we do so for _different reasons_.

24 In the circumstances, we order that each party bears its own costs in so
far as this appeal is concerned. The costs orders made by the Assistant
Registrar and the Judge are to stand. The usual consequential orders will
apply.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Mar 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

