Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Koh Sin Chong Freddie _v_ Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others and another
appeal  
[2013] SGCA 46

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals No 63 and 68 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 August 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ragbir Singh s/o Ram Singh Bajwa (Bajwa & Co) for the
appellant in CA 63/2012 and respondent in CA 68/2012; Tan Chee Meng SC, Chang
Man Phing, Yong Shu Hsien and Ng Shu Ping (WongPartnershipLLP) for the
appellants in CA 68/2012 and respondents in CA 63/2012.  
Parties| :|  Koh Sin Chong Freddie — Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 193.]

26 August 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The present cross-appeals arise from an award made at an assessment of
damages by the High Court judge (“the Judge”) on 15 May 2012 in _Chan Cheng
Wah Bernard and others v Koh Sin Chong Freddie_ [2012] SGHC 193 (“the Damages
Judgment”) pursuant to a decision of this court in _Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and
others v Koh Sin Chong Freddie and another appeal_ [2012] 1 SLR 506 (the
“Merits Judgment”). The Judge awarded a total sum of S$420,000 to the four
plaintiffs as damages for defamation with each plaintiff being awarded $70,000
in general damages and $35,000 in aggravated damages.

2 At the close of the hearing on 18 March 2013, we reserved judgment and
directed parties to file further written submissions on three questions:

(a) What is the appropriate approach to take in an assessment of damages for
defamation where the plaintiffs are members of a collective group? Is there
any specific principle of proportionality which the court should have regard
to?

(b) Are there any particular principles which the court should apply in
assessing aggravated damages?

(c) Would this Court be entitled to vary the taxed costs awarded to the
Plaintiffs on the issue of liability pursuant to the Merits Judgment of this
court?

Background

3 Chan Cheng Wah Bernard@Alif Abdullah (“Bernard Chan”), Tan Hock Lay Robin
(“Robin Tan”), Chong Tjee Teng Nicholas (“Nicholas Chong”) and Ho Bok Kee
(“Michael Ho”) were members of the 2007/2008 management committee (“the
previous MC”) of the Singapore Swimming Club (the “Club”) holding the
positions of President, Vice-President, Honorary Treasurer and Facilities
Chairman of the Club respectively. They were the plaintiffs in the action
below, Suit No 33 of 2009 (“the action”). They are the respondents in CA 63 of
2012 and the appellants in CA 68 of 2012. They will hereinafter be referred to
as “the Plaintiffs”.

4 Freddie Koh Sin Chong was defendant in the action and is the appellant in CA
63 of 2012/respondent in CA 68 of 2012. He was elected President of the
2008/2009 management committee of the Club (“the current MC”) at the Club’s
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) held in May 2008 (“the May 2008 Elections”). He
was re-elected as President for a further one-year term at the AGM held in
2009\. He will hereinafter be referred to as “the Defendant”.

5 In the action the Plaintiffs sued the Defendant for defamation. The facts of
the case were set out at length in our Merits Judgment and will not be
repeated here. Briefly, the present dispute arose from two statements (“the
First Statement”, “the Second Statement” and collectively, “the Statements”)
made by the Defendant in the course of an investigation carried out by the
current MC into certain “emergency” expenditure incurred by the previous MC
relating to the purchase of a new water system for the two swimming pools of
the Club (“the TWC Expenditure”). These statements were reflected in the
minutes of meetings of the current MC held on 29 October 2008 and 26 November
2008 (“the Minutes”), which were posted on the notice board of the Club.

6 At the conclusion of the trial to establish liability, the Judge held that
while the statements were defamatory of the Plaintiffs, the Defendant was
successful in his plea of justification. She also held that the statements
were made on an occasion of qualified privilege. On appeal by the Plaintiffs,
we reversed the decision of the Judge and held that the defence of
justification was not made out by the Defendant and that the defence of
qualified privilege was defeated on account of his malice. We further ordered
that damages be assessed by the Judge. Costs for that appeal and for the trial
were awarded to the Plaintiffs on a standard basis.

7 Following the Merits Judgment, the Statements were republished as part of a
narration of events surrounding the TWC Expenditure in a Press Publication
concerning the Club’s matters dated 8 February 2012 (“the Facts Sheet”).

The Decision Below

8 On the nature and gravity of the defamation, the Judge held that the
Statements were grave as they imputed dishonesty on the part of the
Plaintiffs, notwithstanding this court’s finding of minor inaccuracies in the
representations made by the previous MC when it sought ratification of the TWC
Expenditure. However, she also observed that the sting of the charge was
diluted as dishonesty was not imputed to the Plaintiffs individually but to
the previous MC as a whole. Further, the suggested dishonesty related to
persuading members to ratify expenditure which had been incurred on the Club’s
behalf, rather than a more serious level of dishonesty such as the taking of
funds for their own direct financial benefit or the commission of a criminal
offence.[note: 1]

9 The Judge also held that the fact the Plaintiffs, as Club members, were
defamed in the eyes of other Club members by a person holding a position of
authority, was a factor which should enhance the quantum of damages to be
awarded to the Plaintiffs, even though they were not public figures.[note: 2]

10 Emphasis was placed by the Judge on the less than widespread publication of
the defamatory statements. Crucially, she noted that the form of publication
was passive in the sense that the Minutes were simply put on the Club’s notice
board as a matter of course and would not have been read except by members
interested in the Club’s affairs. She further found it likely that the Minutes
did not remain on the board for more than a month. Although she recognised
that the dispute was a live one and the Statements were thus _possibly_
published to quite a number of people, she was not satisfied that the
Plaintiffs had discharged the burden of proving that there was more than a
moderate dissemination of the defamatory statements.[note: 3]

11 Aggravating factors considered by the Judge included the Defendant’s
failure to apologise; the presence of malice as noted by this court in the
Merits Judgment; and the conduct of the Defendant at the trial, in particular
the prolonged and aggressive cross-examination of the Plaintiffs.[note: 4] In
light of these factors and our finding in the Merits Judgment that the
dominant motive of the Defendant in publishing the defamatory statements was
to injure the Plaintiffs, the Judge awarded aggravated damages. However, she
held that the Defendant’s plea of justification was not “bound to fail” as it
succeeded in the first instance and thus could not be considered as a factor
aggravating damages.[note: 5]

12 The Judge also placed no weight on the republication of the Statements in
the Facts Sheet in February 2012, as this took place after the the Plaintiffs
had been vindicated by the Merits Judgment. Hence, the republication would not
have further damaged the Plaintiffs’ reputations.[note: 6]

13 Having considered all these factors as well as the awards given in _Lim Eng
Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another and another appeal_ [2010] 4 SLR 357 (“
_Peter Lim_ ”) and _Arul Chandran v Chew Chin Aik Victor_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 86
(“ _Arul Chandran_ ”), the two precedents which the Judge thought were most
germane to the present case, the Judge awarded each of the Plaintiffs S$70,000
as general damages and S$35,000 as aggravated damages.[note: 7] Both the
Plaintiffs and Defendant have appealed against the Judge’s award, with the
Defendant seeking to reduce it and the Plaintiffs to have it increased.

Issues

14 The issues which arise in the present appeals on the Judge’s assessment may
be categorised as follows:

(a) Whether the Judge erred in her assessment of general damages and/or
aggravated damages;

(b) Whether the same quantum of damages needed to be awarded to each of the
Plaintiffs; and

(c) Whether this Court would be justified in varying the award of damages.

Our decision

Assessing damages where the plaintiffs are part of a collective group defamed

15 As the Plaintiffs in the present case were defamed as members of an
unincorporated group (_ie_ , members of the previous MC), a preliminary point
which we need to address is how damages should be awarded in favour of such a
group.[note: 8]_Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (Patrick Milmo & W V H Rogers
eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2008, 11th Ed) (“ _Gatley on Libel and Slander_ ”) at
para 8.28 states the following in relation to defamation involving
unincorporated associations:

…Where the members of such a group are defamed, each has his own action if
sufficiently identified by the libel. An action for libel will not lie against
an unincorporated association or body of persons in its collective name, for
as an entity it can neither publish not authorize the publication of a libel.
Nor can it sue for it lacks sufficient personality…

Hence where an unincorporated group is defamed, members of the group must
bring an action in defamation in their individual names. There is no concept
of representative action; members of the group may not bring an action in
defamation on behalf of the group or the other members.

16 However, the Defendant submits that the correct approach for the court to
adopt in assessing damages where an unincorporated body is involved is to
assess damages collectively and make a single award to the group.[note: 9]
Apportionment between the individual claimants comprising the group can then
be carried out, taking into account factors such as who was principally
targeted and who within the group was most closely associated with the
defamatory remarks.[note: 10] The Defendant also seeks to distinguish between
the defamation of a strictly organized and homogeneous group which acts
collectively, which he argues was the case here, and the situation where
individuals bring an action in defamation by virtue of their identity with a
group which is the subject of defamation.[note: 11]

17 It seems to us that the Defendant’s submission is not borne out by the
authorities. In the earlier case of _Booth v Briscoe_ (1877) 2 QBD 496 (“
_Booth_ ”), Bramwell J held at 497-498 :

Here _there is no joint damage_. Each man's character, if there is a libel,
has been separately libelled... But although they might all join, I think, as
their damages are several, _their damages ought to have been severally
assessed_ , instead of which, 40s. has been given to the whole of them.
[emphasis added]

_Booth_ concerned eight trustees of a charity who had been libelled by a
letter written and published by the defendant in a newsletter commenting on
the improper management of the charity by the trustees. The court held that
the damage was inflicted on each trustee separately, although the libel
attacked them jointly as trustees. Likewise in the present case,
notwithstanding the defamatory statements harmed the Plaintiffs jointly as
members of the previous MC, damage was inflicted to their _individual_
reputations.

18 Our case law has shown that where several persons in an unincorporated
group are defamed, the correct approach as regards assessment of damages would
be to assess the award due to each plaintiff separately: see for instance _A
Balakrishnan and others v Nirumalan K Pillay_ and others [1999] 2 SLR(R) 462
(“ _Balakrishnan_ ”) which concerned the defamation of a committee of persons
and _TJ System (S) Pte Ltd and Others v Ngow Kheong Shen (No 2)_ [2003] SGHC
217 (“ _TJ System_ ”) which concerned a group of employees being defamed. The
same approach has also been adopted in other common law jurisdictions like
Australia (see _Vlasic and Others v Federal Capital Press of Australia Pty Ltd
and John Fairfax and Sons Ltd_ (1976) 9 ACTR 1 and _Nikolopoulos v Greek
Herald Pty Ltd_ [2003] NSWSC 1060)); and Canada (see _Alberta Union of
Provincial Employees et al v Edmonton Sun et al_ [1986] CarswellAlta 269)).

19 The Defendant seeks to rely on _Bou Malhab v Diffusion Métromédia CMR inc_
[2011] 1 SCR 214 as authority for the proposition that where several persons
are defamed as a group, the assessment of damages due to each of the
plaintiffs should be carried out on a group basis.[note: 12] However, we find
that this case does not support the Defendant’s contention. First, it does not
deal with the assessment of damages but with the threshold question of whether
the claim in defamation was actionable. The impugned remark targeted taxi
drivers in Montreal whose mother tongue was Arabic or Creole. Second, where
the court at [55] referred to “choosing the appropriate recovery method,
whether individual or collective”, the collective recovery method it was
referring to was a class (representative) action and not an assessment of
damages on a group basis as argued by the Defendant. The court in fact
emphasised at [48] and [53] that even for a class action, proof of injury in
respect of each member of the group must be established.

20 The Defendant also seeks to distinguish _Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew and
another and other appeals_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 576 (“ _Tang Liang Hong_ ”) where
this court assessed damages individually, on the basis that the reference
there to “the PAP leaders” would be understood as a reference to the
individual leaders and not a collective group.[note: 13] We think, however,
that this distinction drawn by the Defendant is wholly artificial. According
to the Defendant’s own argument, had the defamatory statements in the present
case referred to “members of the previous MC” instead of just “the previous
MC”, it would have been different and damages could be assessed separately for
each plaintiff. In our opinion, it should not matter how the individuals
comprising the group are referred to— this is purely a matter of semantics.
Reference to the previous MC would naturally refer to the members of the
previous MC. After all, the previous MC was not a separate entity in law.

21 Further, we accept the Plaintiffs’ contention that the assessment of
damages as a group might lead to difficulties in quantification and absurd
results. There is no law which compels all members of a group who have been
defamed to sue in the same action or at the same time. In fact, another two
members of the previous MC have since commenced a defamation action based on
the same defamatory statements following the delivery of the Merits Judgment
by this court.[note: 14] If damages were to be collectively assessed and a
single award granted to the previous MC as a group, other members of the
previous MC could be precluded from commencing any future actions based on the
same statements given that the damages have already been assessed for the
whole of the previous MC and distributed to the existing Plaintiffs.[note: 15]
Moreover, an award made based on a group of eleven persons may lead to an
unfair result of a windfall if distributed only amongst the four
Plaintiffs.[note: 16]

22 In the light of the authorities and for the aforementioned reasons, we find
that the harm caused to the previous MC should not be collectively assessed as
a group with the award being apportioned between the Plaintiffs. The basic
principle as elucidated in _Tang Liang Hong_ at [188] applies— _each_ claimant
who has proven that he has been defamed is entitled to a sum which would
sufficiently compensate him for the harm done to his reputation, as well as to
console him for the distress he suffered from the publication of the
statements.

General damages

23 In _Peter Lim_ this court at [7] enunciated that the following
circumstances are relevant to the determination of the appropriate quantum of
general damages:

a)the nature and gravity of the defamation;

b)the conduct, position and standing of the plaintiff and the defendant;

c)the mode and extent of publication;

d)the natural indignation of the court at the injury caused to the plaintiff;

e)the conduct of the defendant from the time the defamatory statement is
published to the very moment of the verdict;

f)the failure to apologise and retract the defamatory statement; and

g)the presence of malice.

24 This court also held in _Peter Lim_ at [8] (citing Lord Hoffman’s words in
_The Gleaner Co Ltd v Abraham_ [2004] 1 AC 628 at 646) that another relevant
consideration is the intended deterrent effect of the award:

[D]efamation cases have important features not shared by personal injury
claims. _The damages often serve not only as compensation but also as an
effective and necessary deterrent_. The deterrent is effective because the
damages are paid either by the defendant himself or under a policy of
insurance which is likely to be sensitive to the incidence of such claims.
[emphasis added]

The Nature and Gravity of the Defamation

25 Regarding the gravity of a defamatory statement, it was held by Sir Thomas
Bingham MR in _John v MGN Ltd_ [1997] QB 586 (“ _John v MGN_ ”) at 607 that:

…the more closely it touches the plaintiff’s personal integrity, professional
reputation, honour, courage, loyalty and the core attributes of his
personality, the more serious it is likely to be.

Both the Plaintiffs and Defendant argued that the Judge erred in her
assessment of the nature and gravity of the defamatory statements. We will
consider the Plaintiffs’ arguments first.

26 The Plaintiffs submitted that the Judge erred in finding that the
dishonesty imputed by the sting of the libel was less serious as it did not
relate to the taking of funds for the Plaintiffs’ own direct financial benefit
or the commission of a criminal offence. They argued that the dishonesty
imputed by the Statements did in fact allege the commission of a criminal
offence and implied that the Plaintiffs had practised deception on the Club
members in order to obtain the benefit of securing their own re-election as
office bearers.[note: 17]

27 In this regard, it is pertinent to turn to our Merits Judgment, where we
found that the sting of the libel lay in the imputation of _dishonesty and
misconduct_ on the part of the Plaintiffs (at [45]):

In the present case, the sting of the charge is essentially that the Previous
MC had _deliberately misrepresented_ the circumstances relating to the
expenditure on the TWC Package _with the aim of deceiving the Club members
into ratifying the expenditure_. [emphasis in original]

And at [50]:

...However, the sting which the defendant has to justify (see [45] above) is
not so much that there were errors in the Annual Report or its Appendix, but
that _the Plaintiffs had uttered the erroneous statements deliberately,
knowing that they were false and that by such falsehood, the Plaintiffs had
hoped to hoodwink the AGM into ratifying the expenditure_. [emphasis added]

28 We were further cognizant of a paragraph in the Minutes of the meeting of
the current MC held on 26 November 2008 meeting which stated[note: 18]:

(e) President suggested that the discrepancies discovered by the Treasurer be
documented in an addendum to the Special Audit Report to be released to the
general membership. _Should there be findings of any irregularities in
contract award and payment, the matter ought to be reported to the
authorities_. [emphasis added]

We thus held that a reasonably interested member would get the impression that
the previous MC was suspected of wrongdoing and that the Defendant was
prepared to “report them to the authorities if the relevant evidence was
found”.[note: 19] Indeed it transpired that a report to the Corrupt Practices
Investigation Bureau was filed against Michael Ho.[note: 20]

29 It is clear that the defamatory statements struck at the Plaintiffs’
competence and integrity as leaders of the Club and questioned their fitness
for office by implying that the Plaintiffs had set out to deliberately deceive
Club members into ratifying an improper use of Club funds. Further, we observe
that the statements, when read holistically with the aforementioned background
facts, insinuate that the alleged dishonesty verges on some criminal
misconduct on the part of the Plaintiffs. Hence, the Judge was not entirely
correct in holding that the dishonesty imputed did not relate to “criminal
offence”.

30 Nonetheless, we are of the view that the allegation of dishonesty here does
not rise to the level of “extremely dangerous and vicious fraud” as in the
case of _Arul Chandran_ , or “a conspiracy to misappropriate funds amounting
to fraud and gross misconduct” as in the case of _Ei-Nets Ltd v Yeo Nai Meng_
[2004] 1 SLR 153 (“ _Ei-Nets Ltd_ ”) (at [67]). Nor was there an allegation of
bribery as in the case of _Ng Koo Kay Benedict & anor v Zim Integrated
Shipping Services Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 860 (“ _Ng Koo Kay_ ”) (at [23]).
Moreover, there was also no suggestion of any _financial_ benefit to the
Plaintiffs in this case unlike that in _Peter Lim_. In _Peter Lim_ this Court
held at [28] that although there was no allegation of fraud, the statements
nonetheless did suggest that the appellant there had caused the company’s
financial losses through mismanagement for his own financial gain in the form
of excessive dividends. Even if the Plaintiffs’ allegation that the defamatory
statements imputed benefit to the Plaintiffs in the form of securing their re-
election as office bearers was correct,[note: 21] we find that this still
falls below the level of seriousness of obtaining a direct _financial_
benefit.

31 Statements do not exist _in vacuo_. The nature and gravity of the
statements should also be considered against the context in which they were
made. In this regard, we agree with the approach taken by Belinda Ang J in
_Segar Ashok v Koh Fon Lynn Veronica and another suit_ [2010] SGHC 168 (“
_Segar Ashok_ ”), at [100] (citing _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , Vol 18,
(LexisNexis, 2009 Reissue) at para 240.245):

Where there is common knowledge that the relationship between the plaintiff
and the defendant is acrimonious, a reasonable reader would be more likely to
be sceptical about what was stated in the offending publication and to
discount what is said disparagingly of the plaintiff when he knows that the
words were said by his enemy [see _Chiam See Tong v Ling How Doong_ [1997] 1
SLR 648 at [78]].

32 The Defendant contended that the nature and gravity of the defamation was
diluted in the context of “factional interest” and “considerable politicking”
in the Club, wherein a “certain amount of excessive rhetoric and personal
attacks and bad mouthing” were rife.[note: 22] Further, he argued that it was
“common knowledge” that there were two competing camps within the club and
that their relationship after the hotly contested May 2008 Elections was
somewhat “less than cordial”.[note: 23] As such, the reasonable reader would
have taken it as “part and parcel of club politics” and would have been
“sceptical about what was said”.[note: 24]

33 The parties are on common ground that the TWC expenditure was at the time
of the 2008 AGM a highly contentious matter. However, we think it significant
that the Statements were made in MC meetings held 5 to 6 months _after_ the
May 2008 Elections. In particular, the Second Statement was made during a
discussion about the findings of the Special Ad-Hoc Audit Committee tasked
with carrying out an independent review of the TWC expenditure. Significantly,
these statements were not emotional, off-the-cuff statements made in the heat
of battle. On the contrary, it was likely that the Club members would in the
circumstances have accorded the Statements more weight, thus arguably
_compounding_ the gravity of the sting. Further, we find that common knowledge
is not made out here. Unlike in _Segar Ashok_ where the defamation was made to
a small number of close associates who were privy to the plaintiff’s and
defendant’s acrimonious relationship and their ongoing heated exchanges,
dissemination here was to a group of recipients to whom cannot be imputed an
intimate knowledge of the relationship between the Defendant and Plaintiffs.
Thus, we find that there is no basis for the Defendant’s contention that such
an adverse statement would be “taken with a pinch of salt”[note: 25] by the
general membership.

34 For the reasons given above, we reject both the Plaintiffs’ and Defendant’s
submissions that the Judge erred in assessing the nature and gravity of the
defamatory statements.

The Standing, Position and Conduct of the Plaintiffs and Defendant

35 A preliminary issue arose here as regards whether this court should
consider the Plaintiffs’ standing within their individual professions in its
assessment of damages. We note that in _Peter Lim_ the plaintiff claimed that
the libel attacked his professional reputation as a prominent and reputable
businessman. This court agreed and found at [26] that the libel called into
question his competence, integrity and business acumen which damaged his
reputation and standing in his profession.

36 The present case, however, is distinguishable from _Peter Lim_. First, as
the learned Judge below noted at [24] of her judgment, the Plaintiffs did not
ask to be differentiated on the basis of their individual professions. Indeed
the Plaintiffs’ own Statement of Claim appears to have limited their claims to
damage to their reputation and standing in the Club _as members of the
previous MC_.[note: 26] Second, we made no finding in the Merits Judgment as
regards the effect of the libel on the reputation and standing of the
Plaintiffs in their respective professions. On the contrary, we appeared to
limit the sting of the libel to the Plaintiffs’ position as former office
bearers in the Club.[note: 27] Thus, we are of the view that for the purposes
of assessment of damages, we should only take into account the Plaintiffs’
standing and reputation _in the Club_.

37 It is well established that the higher the standing and reputation of the
plaintiff in the community prior to the libel, the greater the measure of
damages that should be awarded. Correspondingly, the word of a defendant in a
high position socially is likely to be accorded more weight, and thus be more
injurious to a plaintiff, than that of a person of humbler status:see Harvey
McGregor, _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2009, 18th Ed) at para
39-064 and _Peter Lim_ at [11]. The courts have differentiated between
categories of plaintiffs for the purpose of determining the amount of damages
to be awarded for defamation. As observed by this court in _Peter Lim_ at
[12]:

Singapore courts have consistently awarded higher damages to public leaders
than other personalities for similar types of defamation because of the
greater damage done not only to them personally, but also to the reputation of
the institution of which they are members. The expression “public leaders” in
this context would be a reference to political and non-political leaders in
the Government and public sector and private sector leaders who devote their
careers and lives to serving the State and the public.

38 Evidently, and the Plaintiffs conceded this, damages awards in cases
involving public leaders such as politicians are inapplicable here.[note: 28]
Nevertheless, the Plaintiffs argued that as well-known personalities in the
Club and former office bearers, they are effectively “public figures” in the
eyes of the Club members.[note: 29] Accordingly, it follows that the Defendant
is also effectively a “public figure” in the Club.

39 The Defendant argues, however, that being an office bearer in the Club was
not indicative of status and standing in the Club. Rather, status and standing
in the Club was best measured by the daily interaction between members of the
Club and the conduct of the individual.[note: 30] He further alleges that the
fact that the Plaintiffs were not re-elected at the 2008 AGM indicated that
they did not have a high standing in the Club at the material time.[note: 31]

40 In our judgment, the contention of the Plaintiffs is more in line with
reason and logic. Given that office bearers, both past and present, are
persons elected by Club members to be leaders and decision-makers of the Club,
the logical conclusion to draw is that they are persons of higher status and
standing in the Club. We would reiterate that the Plaintiffs’ competence and
integrity as leaders in the Club were essentially what the Statements struck
at. Although the Plaintiffs were not re-elected at the 2008 AGM, their status
as former office bearers and long-standing members of the Club remained
unchanged. Needless to say, the Club members would have accorded substantial
weight to the statements of the Defendant, who as President was the highest
authority in the Club at the material time.

41 We thus conclude that the Judge’s finding on this issue should not be
disturbed.

The Mode and Extent of Publication

42 It is trite law that the wider the extent of publication, the greater would
be the harm caused to the plaintiff. The award of damages for defamation
should therefore reflect this. This court in _Peter Lim_ at [33] endorsed the
decision in _Lee Kuan Yew v Vinocur John and others_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 840 where
the amount of damages awarded was increased as the defamatory statements were
published in a publication with wide circulation and of high standing, which
rendered the libellous allegations more likely to be believed.

43 In _Al Amoudi v Brisard and another_ [2007] 1 WLR 113 (“ _Al Amoudi_ ”) at
[33] it was held that there is no presumption in law that substantial
publication has taken place even where the defamatory statements were placed
on a generally accessible Internet website. The extent of publication is
proved either by direct proof or by establishing a “platform of facts” from
which the court could properly infer that substantial publication has taken
place. This proposition was adopted in _Ng Koo Kay_ at [27]. Both the
Plaintiffs and Defendant agreed that the principles elucidated above apply to
the present case and that the burden of proving the extent of publication
would fall on the Plaintiffs.

44 The Plaintiffs rely on several factual findings made in the Merits Judgment
to establish a “platform of facts”:

(a) The unbudgeted TWC expenditure and its subsequent non-ratification was
“widely publicised and hotly debated within the Club”.[note: 32] It is not
disputed that over 2,000 members attended the 2008 AGM, although the Defendant
claims that by the time the vote was taken on the motion to appoint the Audit
Committee only 307 members remained.

(b) Following the 2008 AGM, members were kept updated of the appointment and
work of the Audit Committee investigating the TWC expenditure as well as of
the current MC’s further discussions on the issue through the Minutes.
Information about a dispute between the parties concerning a water system,
which the Merits Judgment referred to as “the NWS Dispute”, was also available
through the Splash magazine distributed to all Club members.[note: 33] In any
event, it was clear that the TWC expenditure remained a live issue up until
the two MC meetings where the Statements were made.[note: 34]

(c) The Minutes that contained the defamatory statements were displayed on the
Club’s notice board and library, where Club members, staff and visitors, could
access them. [note: 35] The Plaintiffs thus claimed that around 10,000 Club
members could form the pool of “general viewership”.

(d) As acknowledged by the Defendant, the Club’s notice board was meant to
“inform members and staff of the Club on issues, discussions and decisions of
the MC affecting or relevant to the Club”.[note: 36] A “reasonably interested
member” would thus have been generally aware of information disseminated on
the Club’s notice boards, including minutes of MC meetings.[note: 37]

45 Although the Plaintiffs did not lead evidence on the length of time the
Minutes remained posted on the board, the learned Trial Judge held in her
Damages Judgment at [25] that:

…generally, minutes posted on the board would be removed when the next set of
minutes was ready. Since MC meetings took place once a month, it is likely
that the minutes did not remain on the board for more than a month.

She further noted at [26], correctly in our view, that “some of those persons
[who had read the minutes] may have informed others of the contents of the
minutes.”

46 While the Plaintiffs assert that the dissemination of the Statements was
wide and that it was similar to what had transpired in _Peter Lim_ , we are
not persuaded that that was so in the present case. What is critically
different is that the main mode of publication in the present case was _via_
posting the Minutes on the Club’s notice board. The publication of the
Statements remained in a single, fixed location which has to be physically
accessed by the viewer. The same applies to the Minutes left in the Club’s
library. Therefore, this is a far more passive mode of dissemination as
compared to the sending of and/or circulation of defamatory statements
directly to member recipients. The present case is clearly distinguishable
from that of _Peter Lim_ where the defamatory statements were sent _directly_
to over 17,000 club members.

47 Further, we must also stress that in order to read the Statements which
were contained in the Minutes, a Club member would have to leaf through the
document posted on the notice board. This, coupled with the inconvenience of
physically accessing the notice board, made it all the more likely that most
of the Club members would have obtained information about the TWC dispute
through other media like the Club’s website or the Splash magazine.

48 We thus find that it could not be properly inferred that substantial
publication had taken place and concur with the Judge’s finding that whilst
publication was wider in this case than in _Arul Chandran_ where it was
limited to the committee of the club concerned, it was definitely far below
the 17,000 figure in _Peter Lim_.[note: 38] We would imagine that in the
nature of things it is likely that only a modest percentage of the members
would have taken the trouble to leaf through and peruse the Minutes which were
posted on the Club’s notice board.

Vindication

49 A prior narrative judgment rejecting a defence of justification and so
holding the libel to be established is capable of providing some vindication
of a claimant’s reputation. This principle was set out in _Purnell v
BusinessF1 Magazine Ltd and another_ [2008] 1 WLR 1 where the Court held at
[29]:

…The effect of such an earlier judgment no doubt depends on all the
circumstances and, generally speaking, the effect in relation to vindication
will I think most likely be marginal. Where there has been a fiercely
contested trial on the facts, perhaps attended with much publicity, and the
defendant’s witnesses have been roundly disbelieved and there is a positive
and unequivocal finding in the claimant’s favour on the merits, those
circumstances will be relevant as amounting to some vindication.

50 We agree with the Defendant that in the light of the findings in our Merits
Judgment there is some vindication for the Plaintiffs. But it does not follow
that just because the court has vindicated the plaintiff in a defamatory
action that therefore the damages should be substantially reduced. Otherwise
the law will unduly favour the defendant – if the defendant wins he pays no
damages and if he loses he need not have to pay substantial damages.

Aggravated Damages

51 The factors to be taken into account for the purposes of determining
aggravated damages are well established. It suffices for us to refer to _Arul
Chandran_ at [55] where this court endorsed the following passage from _Gatley
on Libel and Slander_ where some of the circumstances warranting the award of
aggravated damages are set out:

The conduct of a defendant which may often be regarded as aggravating the
injury to the plaintiff’s feelings so as to support a claim for ‘aggravated’
damages includes a failure to make any or any sufficient apology and
withdrawal, a repetition of the libel; conduct calculated to deter the
plaintiff from proceeding, persistence by way of a prolonged or hostile cross-
examination of the plaintiff... a plea of justification which is bound to
fail; the general conduct either of the preliminaries or of the trial itself
calculated to attract wide publicity; and persecution of the plaintiff by
other means.

52 We reject the Defendant’s contention that an award of aggravated damages is
not made out[note: 39] as being wholly without merit. Even if the NWS Dispute
was not created by the Defendant, it was nonetheless kept alive by his
conducting of a “witch hunt” for the purpose of injuring the Plaintiffs and
“soiling their reputation in the Club”.[note: 40] Following from that we
cannot see how it could be asserted that the Defendant had no quarrel with the
Plaintiffs. Everything shows that he had an agenda of sorts. Furthermore, it
is also untrue that at the trial on liability the Defendant did not accuse the
Plaintiffs of dishonesty. To substantiate this contention, the Defendant cited
his own evidence in cross-examination, where he stated that he had no reason
to believe at the material time that the Plaintiffs had made deliberate
misrepresentations.[note: 41] We note, however, that his evidence was given in
response to queries about his genuine or honest belief in the truth of the
Statements. In this regard, we refer to our findings at [91] of our Merits
Judgment concerning the Defendant’s malice. Finally, the notes of evidence of
the trial show that the Plaintiffs were accused of being on a “campaign of
disinformation”, “massaging the facts” and called “liars” by Defendant’s
counsel.[note: 42] It is thus disingenuous of the Defendant to now seek to
distance himself from the words of his counsel who took instructions from him.

53 Thus, we see no ground to disturb the Trial Judge’s finding that a clear
case for aggravated damages has been made out for the reasons set out at [30]
of the Damages Judgment.

54 We also reject the Defendant’s contention that the Plaintiffs’ provocative
conduct, in particular that of Robin Tan, should mitigate the quantum of
aggravated damages awarded.[note: 43] Amongst several things, the Defendant
alleged that Robin Tan spearheaded a no-confidence motion against him whilst
he was still new in office. This motion was defeated. Undeterred, Robin Tan
also filed criminal defamation charges against the Defendant and some members
of the MC led by the Defendant. The Attorney General eventually had to
intervene to have the cases withdrawn. There was, as the Defendant describes,
a constant “nibbling at the heels”.[note: 44]

55 Damages may be significantly reduced to take into account the claimant’s
conduct, see generally _Campbell v News Group Newspapers Ltd_ [2002] EWCA Civ
1143. However, we observe that neither this court nor the Judge on the merits
had found provocation on the part of the Plaintiffs. As for the other conduct
raised by the Defendant, namely the no confidence motion and criminal
defamation charges, they do not relate to the subject of the Statements and
are therefore not relevant to mitigation. In _Segar Ashok_ it was held at
[101] that “the expressions relied on to show the provocation must relate to
the same subject as the words complained of”. We thus find that the Defendant
has failed to make out a case for reducing aggravated damages on account of
the Plaintiffs’ conduct.

56 It is appropriate at this juncture for us to turn to the Plaintiff’s
contention that the Judge had erred in finding that the Defendant’s plea of
justification was not bound to fail[note: 45], and in failing to take into
account the republication of the First and Second Statements in February
2012.[note: 46] In the Plaintiffs’ submission these should also be regarded as
aggravated factors.

57 A reckless plea of justification that is bound to fail is a classic
aggravating factor as held by this Court in _Peter Lim_ at [38] and in _Arul
Chandran_ at [56]. In fact this appeared to be the main reason for an award of
aggravated damages of $50,000 in _Arul Chandran_ (at [57]).

58 Some guidance as to the circumstances where it could reasonably be said
that a justification plea is bound to fail can be obtained from _Bonnard v
Perryman_ [1891] 2 Ch 269. In that case, it was held at 284 that the defence
of justification which is bound to fail is one which, “on the facts which may
be before them, the jury may find to be wholly unfounded”. To put it another
way (at 288), “there must be strong _prima facie_ evidence that the statement
is untrue”. These propositions have been applied by our High Court in _Kwek
Juan Bok Lawrence v Lim Han Yong_ [1989] 1 SLR(R) 675 at [4].

59 We are conscious that in the Merits Judgment this court had said that the
Defendant had:

…effectively admitted that he _did not know of any basis_ to allege that the
erroneous statements were deliberately made with that aim in mind. In the
circumstances, we could not see how it can be said that the sting in the two
defamatory statements has been justified.[note: 47] [emphasis added]

and further:

…[t]his explains why the Defendant fought so hard to urge the Judge to find
that the two Statements did not bear the defamatory sense attributed by the
Judge to them.[note: 48]

60 Nonetheless, we are of the view that this finding must be balanced against
the fact that there was a long trial on the merits and the Defendant succeeded
in making out the defence of justification at the first instance.
Subsequently, we also had to deal with the arguments pertaining to the defence
of justification at length in the Merits Judgment. We therefore do not think
it fair to say that the defence was one that is “wholly unfounded” or to adopt
the language of striking out applications, “plainly and obviously legally and
factually unsustainable”: see _The “Bunga Melati 5”_ [2012] 4 SLR 546 at [42].
We thus do not find that the Judge was wrong in refusing to regard the failed
plea of justification as a factor to be taken into account when assessing
aggravated damages.

61 We now move to consider the Plaintiffs’ contention in relation to the
republication of the defamatory statements. Evidence may be led of subsequent
publications in respect of which no separate action has been brought where
they substantially repeat the same imputation and help to prove the existence
of a malicious motive or establish the existence of malice: see _Collins
Stewart Ltd v The Financial Times (No 2)_ [2005] EWHC 262 (QB) (“ _Collins
Stewart Ltd_ ”) and _Clarke (t/a Elumina Iberica UK) v Bain_ [2008] EWHC 2636
(QB).

62 However, we are not persuaded that this particular republication is
evidence of the Defendant’s “unrepentant persecution”[note: 49] of the
Plaintiffs in light of the _context_ in which republication was made. As
observed earlier at [7] above, the defamatory statements were republished in a
Facts Sheet as part of a narration of events surrounding the unbudgeted
expenditure starting from 2007 up to this court’s decision on the merits of
the suit. It was essentially a historical account of events. At most, the lack
of apology included in the publication shows a lack of remorse which the Judge
had already taken into account. We are thus of the view that the Judge’s
findings on this issue cannot be faulted.

Proportionality

63 The English Court of Appeal recently reiterated in _Cairns v Modi_ [2013] 1
WLR 1015 at [24], that “[t]he process of assessing damages [for defamation] is
not quasi-scientific and there is rarely a single “right” answer.” Be that as
it may, we think it is worth repeating the dictum of this court in _Tang Liang
Hong_ at [158]:

However, we wish to stress that damages, even for defamation, should fall
within a reasonable bracket so that what is awarded represents _a fair and
reasonable sum which is proportionate to the harm and injury occasioned to the
victim who has been unjustly defamed_ [emphasis added]

This court further expressed the need to guard against the trend of allowing
defamation damages to rise with each successive case and stressed that damages
awarded should fall within a reasonable bracket.With this in mind, we turn now
to consider the question of proportionality in the context where a group is
being defamed.

Where the plaintiffs are part of a collective group

64 We have previously held at [15]-[22] above that damages should be severally
assessed even where the plaintiff is part of a collective group defamed. A
further question which arises in this group context is _whether the harm and
injury occasioned to each claimant should be moderated by virtue of the fact
that the sting of the libel had affected them as a group_. The Defendant
submits that that should be the case, as a multiplicity of individual actions
for group defamation could potentially expose a defendant to liability
severely out of proportion to the harm that has actually been inflicted on
each claimant.

65 The above question has not been expressly addressed by our courts. In _Tang
Liang Hong_ , this court noted at [188] that the multiplicity of victims
defamed by a single defamatory statement _would not in itself_ justify the
moderation or lowering of damages. The question was also not considered in
_Balakrishnan_. Jurisprudence on the point from other jurisdictions is also
lacking; no explicit consideration was given to the size of the group in the
award of damages in the abovementioned group defamation cases cited at
[18].[note: 50]

66 Gary Chan in “A Tort Analysis of Group Defamation: Defining and Refining
_Knuppfer_ [_sic_]” (2006) 14(2) TLJ 176 observed at para 3 that “the adverse
impact on the reputation of the individual member may be ‘diluted’ or
‘submerged’ where a large group is targeted by the defamatory publication”. In
this regard, it is settled law that the size of the group is a relevant
consideration in determining whether the threshold requirement that the
defamatory words against a group complained of can reasonably be understood as
being published “of and concerning the plaintiff” has been met in order to be
actionable at the instance of the individual: see _Knupffer v London Express
Newspaper Ltd_ [1944] AC 116 (“ _Knupffer_ ”) at 124 _per_ Lord Porter.
_Knupffer_ has been endorsed locally in the case of _DHKW Marketing and
another v Nature’s Farm Pte Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 774 at [18].

67 Several American cases like _Brady v Ottoway Newspapers_ 445 NYS (2d) 786
have held that a determination of the threshold question would require an
assessment of the “intensity of suspicion” that the defamatory statements
could reasonably be thought to create in the mind of a person that the words
refer to the plaintiff. In _Butler v Southam Inc_ [2001] NSCA 121 (_“Butler_
”), a Canadian case, the Court of Appeal of Nova Scotia considered the
“intensity of suspicion” approach. Pertinently, it observed at [68] that:

…Assessing the intensity of this suspicion is helpful because it tends to
focus the analysis on _the strength of the link between the allegedly
defamatory words and the individual plaintiff’s reputation_. This, in turn,
helps ensure that as the judge rules on the outer limits of permissible
recovery in defamation, the analysis is rooted firmly in the law’s fundamental
purpose, the protection of the plaintiff’s personal reputation. [emphasis
added]

68 As the court in _Butler_ pointed out, this inquiry is consistent with the
decision in _Knupffer_. There, Lord Porter provided a list of relevant
considerations to guide the determination of whether a statement about a group
libels an individual member of it (_Knupffer_ at 124). The considerations,
which include the size of the group and the generality and extravagance of the
allegations, relate to the strength of the link between the allegedly
defamatory words and the individual plaintiff’s reputation. Contrary to the
Plaintiffs’ assertion,[note: 51] such an inquiry would not contradict the
principle that the law of defamation focuses on the individual’s hurt and
damaged reputation.

69 The pertinent issue in _Butler_ and _Knupffer_ was whether the strength of
the link between the defamatory statement and the plaintiffs’ reputation was
so weak that any adverse impact on the individual’s reputation was so diluted
as to fall below the threshold of legal recognition. We see no reason why,
even where legal recognition has been established, those same factors should
not be taken into account at the assessment of damages stage. On the contrary,
it seems to us that a court can only properly assess the harm and injury
occasioned to the individual plaintiff (and by extension the appropriate
quantum of damages to award) when it takes those factors into account. In this
regard, we are not persuaded by the Plaintiffs’ contention that the reduced
effect of a group defamation, if any, would be achieved in their words “by
limiting the number of claimants for a single libel, [and that] this would
have adequately addressed the issue of proportionality of damages to the harm
done by the libel.”[note: 52] We see two real problems with this contention or
approach. First, it seems to completely disregard the fact that where a group
is defamed, each plaintiff must still fulfil the legal recognition requirement
and only when he has done so will the court turn to the question of assessment
of damages. Second, we do not see how a court can deprive an individual, who
is not a party before the court, from later suing for defamation arising from
the same statement, so long as he can satisfy the threshold legal recognition
requirement. This will run counter to all principles of justice.

70 We think it pertinent to emphasise Lord Porter’s observation in _Knupffer_
at 124 that, “[e]ach case must be considered according to its own
circumstances”. The size of the group is just one of several considerations or
factors and is hardly conclusive. For example, the sting and damage to the
reputation of persons from a defamatory statement that a committee were all
child-sex offenders would not be diluted in any way by reason of the
allegation being made against a group. Conversely, the sting of a defamatory
statement that a committee was slipshod in reviewing a tender because they
were pre-occupied with getting re-elected might well be diluted because the
reasonable reader knows that a statement was made about the quality of the
claimants’ work as a group, and that there are likely to be different degrees
to which the statement applies to each member. It is the nature of the sting
which will be critical.

71 Applying the abovementioned principle to the facts of the present case, we
concur with the Judge’s decision that given that the size of the group cannot
be said to be small, and the fact that no member of the previous MC was
singled out for attack by the statements, it should follow that the harm
occasioned to each plaintiff would have been less than if the statements had
only defamed one specific plaintiff.

In the assessment of aggravated damages

72 We next consider whether the principle of proportionality should apply to
the assessment of aggravated damages.

73 In their further submissions, the Plaintiffs cited damages awards from
various common law jurisdictions in support of the proposition that there is
no requirement that aggravated damages should be a fixed proportion of general
damages:[note: 53]

(a) Singapore: In _Arul Chandran_ and _Peter Lim_ , aggravated damages
constituted 50% of the general damages. However, in _Ng Koo Kay_ , aggravated
damages were fixed at 40% of the general damages.

(b) Canada: In _Myers v Canadian Broadcasting Corp_ 2001 CarswellOnt 2037, the
amount of aggravated damages awarded amounted to 75% of the general damages
awarded. In _Leenen v Canadian Broadcasting Corp_ 2001 CarswellOnt 2011, the
amount of aggravated damages awarded was 87.5% of general damages.

(c) Hong Kong: It was expressly stated in _Sin Cho Chiu v Tin Tin Publication
Development Ltd & Another_ [2002] HKEC 50 (at [11]) that there is no fixed
proportion between general and aggravated damages. Other cases demonstrate a
varying proportion. In _Au Yee Ming Ivan v Ng Fei Tip_ [2010] HKEC 1319, the
aggravated damages awarded were 67% that of general damages. In _Lee Ching v
Lau May Ming_ [2007] HKCU 714, the amount of aggravated and general damages
awarded were similar.

74 It is clear from the above authorities that courts in Singapore and various
other common law jurisdictions do not subscribe to any rule that aggravated
damages must be a fixed proportion of general damages. Be that as it may, we
are nonetheless of the view that there should be some semblance of
_proportionality_ between the quantum of general damages and aggravated
damages awarded.

75 Aggravated damages, like general damages, are also compensatory in nature.
In the Australian case of _Buckley v Herald & Weekly Times Pty Ltd_ [2009]
VSCA 118, the court stated at [10]:

…any amount of aggravated damages awarded would to some extent be informed by
the base level of any compensatory damages awarded; for, in principle,
_aggravated damages are damages to compensate for the aggravation of loss to
the plaintiff_. [emphasis added]

This appears to suggest that aggravated damages are awarded in order to
compensate the enhanced hurt suffered by the plaintiff: see also _Gatley on
Libel and Slander_ at para 9.15. Caution, therefore, has to be exercised
against double counting or otherwise over-compensating the plaintiff because
the distress, humiliation and injury to feelings for which aggravated damages
are awarded to compensate the plaintiff, are matters that may also properly be
taken into account in awarding basic compensatory damages: see _Carter-Ruck on
Libel and Privacy_ (Alastair Mullis gen ed) (Butterworths, 6th Ed, 2010) at
para 15.36.

76 Courts in both the United Kingdom and in Australia appear to have taken
this to heart. See for example _Collins Stewart Ltd_ , per Gray J at [24] and
_Habib v Radio 2UE Sydney Pte Ltd (No 4)_ [2012] NSWDC 12 (“ _Habib_ ”). In
_Habib_ , the court observed at [430]:

In assessing this amount for aggravated damages I am mindful of the need to
take care to avoid overlap of general compensatory damages and aggravated
damages, both being forms of compensatory damages, as that could lead to over-
compensation. Were it not for that factor, my assessments of the separate
amounts for aggravated damages would have been significantly increased in this
case.

77 We endorse the view articulated in _Habib_ that our courts should tread
cautiously when determining the appropriate amount of aggravated damages to
award. Ultimately, even where aggravated damages are appropriate, the total
figure for both general and aggravated damages should not exceed fair
compensation for the injury suffered by the claimant, see _Thompson v
Metropolitan Police Commissioner_ [1998] QB 498. Aggravated damages are meant
to compensate for the aggravation of the injury; they are not an arbitrary
top-up unrelated to the desire of the court to compensate the plaintiff for
the aggravation.

Different Awards to Multiple Plaintiffs

78 We now consider the contention raised by the Defendant that the Plaintiffs
should not each be awarded the same amount of damages since the evidence
showed that Bernard Chan, the first Plaintiff and the President of the
previous MC, had borne the brunt of the remarks.[note: 54] The Defendant
relies on _Tang Liang Hong_ where this court held at [171]:

As found by the learned judge (at [112] of his judgment), and we agree, all
the utterances made by Mr Tang were mainly directed at Mr Goh and Mr Lee.
Thus, in so far as these plaintiffs are concerned, we do not think that there
was very much aggravation of the defamations in question, and the element of
aggravated damages would not be considerable. For this reason and on the basis
of what we have held in [132]–[143], we are of the opinion that the awards to
them should in each case be moderated.

79 As has been reiterated throughout this judgment, damages awarded to each of
the Plaintiffs would have to be proportionate to the harm and injury actually
occasioned to him. It logically follows from this that different awards of
damages may be made to multiple plaintiffs. However, we find that the
Defendant has not proven his contention that Bernard Chan bore the brunt of
the defamatory statements. On the contrary, the Defendant admitted that the
defamatory remarks did not single out any member of the previous MC since the
defamatory statements targeted the MC as a whole. [note: 55] It is irrelevant
that Bernard Chan was the most active in defending the libellous allegations
since the issue is really whether the sting of the libel could be equally
imputed to all of them, which is the case here. Thus we find that no case has
been made out for different awards for the different claimants.

Conclusion on assessment of damages

80 The general principle guiding an appellate court in varying the damages
awarded by the judge below was set out in _Arul Chandran_ at [51], citing
_Associated Newspapers Ltd v Dingle_ [1964] AC 371 at 393:

An appeal court rejects his figure only in “very special” or “very
exceptional” cases. Such cases are embraced by the formula that the judge must
be shown to have arrived at his figure either by applying a wrong principle of
law or through a misapprehension of the facts or for some other reason to have
made a wholly erroneous estimate of the damage suffered…

The question, therefore, is whether this was a very special or exceptional
case or the Judge had arrived at a wholly erroneous estimate of the damages
suffered by the Plaintiffs.

81 It is further trite law that when assessing damages, the court should have
sufficient regard to precedents as they provide a broad guideline for the
exercise: see _Goh Chok Tong v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin and another action_
[1998] 2 SLR(R) 971 at [57] (“ _Goh Chok Tong_ ”). As was observed by Belinda
Ang J in _Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party and others and another
suit_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 642 at [73]:

Broadly appropriate comparable cases can, if used with discretion, provide
some guidance on the appropriate amount of damages to award in a particular
case. This approach is especially useful in promoting a rationally sustainable
and coherent regime for damages for libel, and, as a corollary, in avoiding
“the grossly exorbitant awards so often made by juries in other jurisdictions”
(_per_ Thean JA in [_Tang Liang Hong_]... at [158]).

82 The Judge found that the precedents of _Peter Lim_ and _Arul Chandran_ were
the “most relevant” in her assessment of the appropriate amount of damages for
the present case. While we note that it is true that there is a common factor
between _Peter Lim_ and _Arul Chandran_ on the one hand and the present case
on the other in the sense that they all concerned squabbles that occurred in
clubs, it seems to us that she did not give sufficient weight to the
differentiating factors which she herself recognised, namely, the limited
extent of publication, the fact that no attack was made on the plaintiffs’
professional reputations, and the fact that the Statements referred to the MC
as a whole and did not ascribe specific blame to the individual Plaintiffs.

83 In _Peter Lim_ , this court awarded damages totalling $210,000 to the
plaintiff, comprising $140,000 as general damages and $70,000 as aggravated
damages. Emphasis was placed on the extensive publication of the defamatory
statements and the fact that the statements attacked his professional
reputation as a prominent and reputable businessman. These were factors that
were clearly absent in our case.

84 In _Arul Chandran_ , the plaintiff was awarded $100,000 as general damages
and $50,000 as aggravated damages. Here, although the publication of the
defamatory statements was extremely limited, the statements were extremely
grave and had attacked the claimant’s professional reputation as a lawyer and
imputed criminal conduct on his part. Moreover, the attacks in both _Peter
Lim_ and _Arul Chandran_ were not in relation to a group in general but in
relation to the specific plaintiff. Furthermore, the defendant in each of
those cases had recklessly raised a plea of justification. These circumstances
explain why relatively large general and aggravated damages were awarded in
each case although the extent of dissemination was very limited.

85 Instead, we are of the view that the awards in _Ng Koo Kay_ and _Goh Chok
Tong_ are more appropriate precedents for this court to consider. As in the
present case, the gravity of the defamation in _Ng Koo Kay_ whilst fairly
serious had not been extensively disseminated. The court awarded the plaintiff
$25,000 in general damages and $10,000 in aggravated damages. In _Goh Chok
Tong_ , we observe that the plaintiffwas a political figure of far higher
standing than the Plaintiffs in the present case and yet the court only
awarded a sum of $100,000 by way of general damages and another $10,000 in
aggravated damages. Nonetheless we do think that a larger quantum of
aggravated damages than those awarded in these two cases would be justified in
the present case on account of the Defendant’s clear malice.

86 In our judgment, the Judge has come to a “wholly erroneous” estimate of the
damages to be awarded. For the reasons given above and bearing in mind the
need to guard against over-compensation, we find that an award of $50,000 to
each Plaintiff, comprising $35,000 as general damages and $15,000 as
aggravated damages would be fair and adequate. To this extent, the Defendant’s
appeal is allowed. Accordingly the Plaintiffs’ appeal is dismissed.

Costs

87 The final award of damages in this judgment in favour of the Plaintiffs,
was $50,000 each, well within the jurisdiction of the Subordinate Courts. The
question that follows is whether the individual amounts recovered by joint
plaintiffs should be aggregated to determine the scale of costs applicable in
the present case. Several authorities suggest that that should not be done. In
_Gallivan v Warman_ [1930] WN 96 (“ _Gallivan_ ”), the plaintiffs, who were
husband and wife, sued the defendant in the High Court for damages for
negligence following a motor accident where the wife was injured. The action
was transferred to the county court and the defendant paid into court 45
pounds to meet the claim of the wife and 5 pounds for the husband. The
plaintiffs accepted the payments. The county court judge refused to grant High
Court costs because the plaintiffs each recovered less than 50 pounds.

88 _Gallivan_ was followed in _Haile & Others v West_ [1940] 1 KB 250, where
the English Court of Appeal held that in respect of the claims of co-
plaintiffs, even though they arose from the same transaction, the amount
recovered by each should not be aggregated to determine the appropriate costs
order to be made because each of the plaintiffs had a separate cause of
action. In the circumstances, the appropriate scale of costs was to be, in the
words of Scrutton LJ, “upon the footing that each individual ha[d] brought a
separate action” (at 256). The court did not accept the co-plaintiffs’
contention that an action by the co-plaintiffs was a single action resulting
in one judgment, and there should therefore be one order as to costs.
_Gallivan_ was also followed by the Supreme Court of Victoria, Australia in
the case of _Brien v Watts_ [1964] VR 673.

89 In the light of these authorities, and in accordance with the spirit that a
party should not have to incur costs other than what is warranted by the
substance or magnitude of the claim, we hold that each of the Plaintiffs
would, in principle, only be entitled to costs on the Subordinate Courts scale
appropriate to the quantum of damages awarded to him in the present judgment.

At the liability stage

90 It will be recalled that in the Merits Judgment this court granted costs to
the Plaintiffs as regards the appeal and the trial on liability. Following
that judgment, the Plaintiffs proceeded to raise their bills of costs and have
them taxed without waiting for the assessment of damages. In _Lin Jian Wei v
Lim Eng Hock Peter_ [2011] 3 SLR 1052 (“ _Lin Jian Wei_ ”) this court clearly
expressed the view that trial costs in claims for unliquidated damages should
ordinarily not be assessed before damages have been agreed or determined. The
rationale for this practice is apparent from Appendix 1 to O 59 of the Rules
of Court (R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) which provides that the taxing
registrar in determining the proper amount to be allowed as costs “shall have
regard to the principle of proportionality” as well as, inter alia, “where
money or property is involved, its amount or value”. This provision clearly
suggests that there is an incontrovertible link between the costs to be
awarded and the judgment amount. This point was also underscored in _Lin Jian
Wei_ at [76]:

Further, though this is not an absolute rule, the concept of proportionality
requires that there ordinarily be some correlation between the quantum of
damages awarded and the costs taxed.

91 Here, before the assessment of damages was heard, the Plaintiffs drew up
their bills of costs in respect of the trial and appeal relating to liability
(“liability stage”) and had them taxed. Before the Assistant Registrar, the
plaintiffs were awarded $802,500 for the trial and $102,500 for the appeal. On
review, the Judge reduced the costs for trial to $602,500 and left undisturbed
the amount awarded for the appeal. Thus the taxed costs came up to a total of
$705,000. The Defendant has paid up the total amount of the taxed costs to the
Plaintiffs.

92 The question which we now need to address is whether we should allow the
taxed costs for the liability stage (already paid) to remain in the light of
the quantum of damages which we have awarded to each of the Plaintiffs and the
views which we have expressed above at [89] that each of the Plaintiffs should
only be entitled to costs according to the Subordinate Courts scale
appropriate to damages awarded to each. We note that sometime in January 2012
when the Plaintiffs raised their bills of costs in respect of the liability
stage and sought to have the bills taxed, the solicitors for the Defendant
requested that the taxing of the bills be deferred until damages had been
assessed, stating that it would be “premature” and also drew the Plaintiffs’
attention to what was said in _Lin Jian Wei_. Nevertheless, the Plaintiffs
insisted on proceeding with the taxation. In the circumstances, we had some
concerns and requested the parties to make further submissions on the issue.

93 While recognising that he had already paid the taxed costs for the
liability stage, the Defendant submitted that the question of costs was still
open for review by this court in the light of its decision in the present
appeal as to the appropriate quantum of damages which each of the Plaintiffs
was entitled to. He advanced two bases for making this submission. The first
was pursuant to s 37(5) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007
Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) and the second was the inherent jurisdiction of the court
under O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court.

94 Section 37(5) of the SCJA provides that at the hearing of an appeal, this
court may “give any judgment, and make any order which ought to have been
given or made, and make such further or other orders as the case requires”.
Reading this provision in the context of s 37 as a whole it is clear that the
powers enumerated in s 37(5) should generally be confined to the issues raised
in the appeal. The Defendant argues that the phrase “make such further or
other orders as the case requires” in the provision gives this court the power
to set aside the two taxed bills of costs if the circumstances so warrant in
the light of the damages awarded by this court to each of the Plaintiffs.

95 Section 37(5) of the SCJA is identical to s 69(4) of the Court of
Judicature Act 1964 (Act 91) (Malaysia) (“CJA 1964”). This is because the
origin of our SCJA was the CJA 1964. When Singapore was a part of Malaysia,
the CJA 1964 also became part of the law of Singapore. In _Tsoi Ping Kwan v
Medan Juta Sdn Bhd & Anor_ [1996] 3 MLJ 367, the Malaysian Court of Appeal
opined that “the power conferred by s 69(4) [of the CJA 1964]is confined to
making ancillary orders that would have the effect of completely giving the
remedy which this court intends to give when either allowing or dismissing an
appeal”. In expressing this view, the court relied on the earlier case of
_Rama Chandran v The Industrial Court of Malaysia and Anor_ [1997] 1 MLJ 145
(“ _Rama Chandran_ ”), where the Malaysian Federal Court, in holding that the
dismissal of a workman was wrongful, went on (pursuant to r 51(4) of the Rules
of the Supreme Court 1980 (Malaysia), a rule _in pari materia_ with s 69(4) of
the CJA 1964) to award compensation instead of remitting the case back to the
Industrial Court for follow-up action. The court held that “justice demands
that to avoid further delay and expense, [it] determine[s] the consequential
relief rather than remitting the case to the Industrial Court for that
purpose”. _Rama Chandran_ was also followed in _Harris Solid State (M) Sdn Bhd
v Bruno Gentil s/o Pereira & Ors_ [1996] 3 MLJ 489, another case involving
industrial dispute where the Malaysian Court of Appeal affirmed the decision
of the High Court which held that the award of the Industrial Court was wrong
in ruling that the dismissal of the workmen by the employers was justified. In
dismissing the appeal of the employers, the Malaysian Court of Appeal, unlike
the High Court, ordered the workmen’s reinstatement instead of remitting the
case to the Industrial Court for re-adjudication. In varying the High Court
order, the Malaysian Court of Appeal relied on the powers conferred under s
69(4) of the CJA 1964.

96 In the Indian case of _Ganesh Ram v Baikunthesh Prasad Singh And Ors_ AIR
1951 Pat 291 (“ _Ganesh Ram_ ”) which concerned the then O 41 r 33 of the
Indian Civil Procedure Code 1908 (which rule was worded similarly to s 69(4)
of the CJA 1964 and our own s 37(5) of the SCJA), the court said (at [10]):

The rule has been newly introduced in the Code of 1908. Its object is clearly
to enable the court to do complete justice between the parties. Its terms are
very wide and in a proper case it gives the appellate court ample discretion
to pass any decree or make any order to prevent the ends of justice from being
defeated. Having regard to the wide language of the rule, it is not expedient
to lay down any hard and fast rule regarding its true scope. Involving as it
does an exercise of judicial discretion, the question whether the court should
exercise the powers in a particular case would no doubt depend upon the
special facts and circumstances of the case. It may be conceded that the
discretion is not to be exercised in an arbitrary manner nor in such a way as
to abrogate the other provisions of the Code with respect to the institution
of appeals and cross-objections and the like. But there is ample authority for
the view that the power contained in r 33 extends to those cases where as a
result of the appellate court`s interference with the decree in favour of the
appellant, _further interference is required in order to adjust the rights of
the parties in accordance with justice, equity and good conscience_ (see, for
instance, Jawahar Banu v. Shujaat Hussain Beg, 43 ALL 85 : (A. I. R. (8) 1921
ALL 367) and Gangadhar v. Banabashi, 22 C. L. J. 390: (A. I. R. (1) 1914 cal.
722). [emphasis added]

97 A similarly worded provision to s 37(5) may be found in O 59 r 10(3) of the
then English Rules of the Supreme Court (SI 1776 of 1965) (“ERSC”) (also
similar to O 57 rr 13(3) and (4) of our Rules of Court), which related to the
powers of the Court of Appeal when hearing an appeal. It read:

The Court of Appeal shall have power to draw inferences of fact and to give
any judgment and make any order which ought to have been given or made and to
make such further or other order as the case may require.

98 In _Nicholls v Nicholls_ [1997] 1 WLR 314 (“ _Nicholls_ ”), the English
Court of Appeal examined a line of cases concerning defects in the application
for a committal order. The Court of Appeal held (at 326) as regards O 59 r
10(3) ERSC, read together with s 13(3) of the Administration of Justice Act
1960, that it:

…give[s] a court the power to rectify procedural defects both in the procedure
leading up to the making of the committal order and after a committal order
has been made. Like any other discretion, the discretion provided by the
statutory provisions, must be exercised in a way which in all the
circumstances best reflects the requirements of justice.

While this statement referred to “procedural defects”, it should in no way be
taken to mean that O 59 r 10(3) of the ERSC only empowered the rectification
of procedural defects. That reference must be read in the context of that case
which concerned procedural defects. The important thing to note in that
statement is that the discretion conferred by O 59 r 10(3) of the ERSC “must
be exercised in a way … best reflects the requirement of justice”. This
principle uttered in _Nicholls_ is very similar to what was expressed in
_Ganesh Ram_ that “further interference is required in order to adjust the
rights of the parties in accordance with justice, equity and good conscience”
(see [96] above).

99 As far as our own authorities are concerned, there is the case of _Hoban
Steven Maurice Dixon and another v Scanlon Graeme John & others_ [2007] 2
SLR(R) 770 which the Defendant also relies on. That was an oppression action
under the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) where the court made what was
essentially a consent order to enable one party to buy out the shares of the
other party (“buy-out order”). The buy-out was not effected due to a dispute
as to valuation. When the matter eventually came before this court, it held
that the buy-out order could not be implemented and was inoperative and,
pursuant to the powers conferred under ss 37(5) and (6) of the SCJA, made the
consequential order that the parties were to be “restored to the _status quo
ante_ ” as if the buy-out order “had never been made” (at [46]).

100 The powers conferred on this court under s 37(5) of the SCJA are broad and
those powers may be exercised when the justice of the case calls for it. It is
a facilitative provision to enable the Court of Appeal to make such
consequential orders as the justice of the case requires. We should not seek
to circumscribe what those circumstances may be before this court would invoke
s 37(5) of the SCJA.

101 Reverting to the present case, we have, at [89] above, ruled that in view
of the reduced damages which we have granted to each of the plaintiffs, costs
should be awarded to them according to the Subordinate Courts’ scale. As we
have mentioned before, the two bills, notwithstanding the objection of the
Defendant, were proceeded to be taxed at the insistence of the Plaintiffs. In
the light of our decision in this judgment, it is clear that the bills were
taxed on a wholly erroneous footing. Justice cries for intervention on the
part of this court. While setting aside the two taxed bills was not a specific
point raised in the appeal, it is clearly a consequential matter on which this
court is entitled to make the necessary adjustment following our decision on
the appeal on damages. Pursuant to the powers conferred under s 37(5) of the
SCJA, we would accordingly set aside the two taxed bills. In view of this
decision, we do not think there is any need for us to proceed to examine the
second basis advanced by the Defendant to interfere in the two taxed bills
_ie_ , the inherent jurisdiction of the court under O 92 r 4 of the Rules of
Court.

Judgment

102 In the result, the Defendant’s appeal in CA 63 of 2012 is allowed to the
extent that the quantum of damages awarded to each Plaintiff is reduced to
$50,000; $35,000 being general damages and $15,000, aggravated damages. The
Plaintiffs’ appeal in CA 68 of 2012 is dismissed. As regards the question of
costs of the assessment and this appeal, we note that the Defendant has, to
some extent, succeeded in the appeal; on the other hand, the Defendant raised
a number of points which were not successful and in any case, he would
ordinarily have been liable for some part of the costs of the assessment. In
all the circumstances, we think the fairest order would be for each party to
bear its own costs for both the present appeals as well as for the assessment
of damages before the Judge.

103 As for the two taxed bills which we at [101] have set aside, instead of
directing that the bills be re-taxed, we think it more expedient for this
court to fix the quantum after hearing the parties. For this purpose, a date
will be set for the parties to appear before us. The payment already made by
the Defendant pursuant to the two taxed bills shall be regarded as payment
towards account. The appropriate refund should be made by the Plaintiffs to
the Defendant after this court has fixed the amount of reasonable costs for
the liability stage.

* * *

[note: 1][23] Damages Judgment

[note: 2][24] Damages Judgment

[note: 3][25]-[26] Damages Judgment

[note: 4][27] Damages Judgment

[note: 5][30] Damages Judgment

[note: 6]Ibid.

[note: 7][31] Damages Judgment

[note: 8][45] Merits Judgment

[note: 9][13] Defendant’s Further Submissions

[note: 10][15] Defendant’s Further Submissions

[note: 11][13] Defendant’s Further Submissions

[note: 12][12] Appellant’s Further Submissions in CA 63/2012

[note: 13][8] Appellant’s Further Submissions in CA 63/2012

[note: 14][20] Appellants’ Further Submissions in CA 68/2012

[note: 15][22] Appellants’ Further Submissions in CA 68/2012

[note: 16][20] Appellants’ Further Submissions in CA 68/2012

[note: 17][64]-[78] Appellants’ Case (“AC”) in CA 68/2012

[note: 18]Appellants’ Core Bundle (“ACB”) in CA 68/2012 at p 126

[note: 19][38] Merits Judgment

[note: 20][92] Merits Judgment

[note: 21][70] AC in CA 68/2012

[note: 22][15] Appellant’s Case (“AC”) in CA 63/2012

[note: 23][20] AC in CA 63/2012

[note: 24][21] AC in CA 63/2012

[note: 25][17] AC in CA 63/2012

[note: 26][13]-[14] Plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim (“SOC”)

[note: 27][45] Merits Judgment

[note: 28][85] AC in CA 68/2012

[note: 29]Ibid.

[note: 30][83] AC in CA 63/2012

[note: 31][85] AC in CA 63/2012

[note: 32][27] Merits Judgment

[note: 33][26] Merits Judgment

[note: 34][27] Merits Judgment

[note: 35][39] Merits Judgment

[note: 36][22] Defence Amendment No. 2; [26] Merits Judgment

[note: 37][26] Merits Judgment

[note: 38][26] Damages Judgment

[note: 39][71]-[73] AC in CA 63/2012

[note: 40]See generally [94] and [96] CA Merits Judgment

[note: 41]Notes of Evidence for 16 and 17 March 2010 [see Bundle of Documents
and Authorities]

[note: 42]See pp 169-179, Volume 2 Appellant’s Core Bundle CA 68 of 2012

[note: 43][77]-[81] AC in CA 63/2012

[note: 44][77]-[79] AC in CA 63/2012

[note: 45][152]-[158] AC in CA 68/2012

[note: 46][159]-[165] AC in CA 68/2012

[note: 47][66] Merits Judgment

[note: 48][84] Merits Judgment

[note: 49][164] AC in CA 68/2012

[note: 50][40], [44], [47] and [50] Appellants’ Further Submissions in CA
68/2012

[note: 51][18] Appellants’ Further Submissions in CA 68/2012

[note: 52][13] Appellants’ Further Submissions in CA 68/2012

[note: 53][68]-[72] Appellants’ Further Submissions in CA 68/2012

[note: 54][87]-[93] AC in CA 63/2012

[note: 55][82] and [88] AC in CA 63/2012

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

