Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Abdul Kahar bin Othman  
[2013] SGHC 222

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 8 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jean Chan, Lim How Khang and Wong Woon Kwong (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Johan Bin Ismail (Johan Ismail
& Company) and Abdul Rahman Bin Mohd Hanipah (J.R.B. Law LLP) for accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Abdul Kahar bin Othman  
  
[**LawNet Editorial Note** : In Criminal Reference No 6 of 2013, the Court of
Appeal quashed the High Court judge's finding that the respondent was a
courier and remitted the case back to the judge for a fresh determination. See
[2014] SGCA 59.]

[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision (and to the decision in
[2013] SGHC 222) in Criminal Appeal No 4 of 2015 was dismissed by the Court of
Appeal on 1 October 2015. See [2016] SGCA 11.]

24 October 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused faced two charges, one of trafficking not less than 26.13g of
diamorphine and one of trafficking not less than 40.64g of diamorphine,
offences under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) and punishable under s 33 of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). On 27 August 2013, I
convicted the accused and handed down a written judgment explaining my reasons
for doing so (_Public Prosecutor v Abdul Kahar bin Othman_ [2013] SGHC 164).
Prior to 1 January 2013, when a number of legislative amendments came into
effect, a sentence of death would have been mandatory upon such a conviction.
However, the newly-enacted s 33B of the Act provides that, in certain
circumstances, a sentence of death that would have been mandatory will no
longer be so. Accordingly, I adjourned the question of sentencing to a later
date.

2 I have in _Public Prosecutor v Chum Tat Suan_ [2013] SGHC 221 (“ _Chum Tat
Suan_ ”) described what the Act calls the “[d]iscretion of court not to impose
sentence of death” in s 33B, and I do not propose to repeat myself. I need
only say that, in order for the accused to bring himself within either of the
two sets of circumstances in which the death penalty is not mandatory, he must
prove on a balance of probabilities that his involvement in trafficking drugs
was restricted to transporting, sending or delivering the drugs and/or
offering to do so and/or doing or offering to do acts preparatory to or for
the purpose of transporting, sending or delivering the drugs. As in _Chum Tat
Suan_ I will for convenience use the term “courier” to refer to a person whose
involvement in trafficking drugs was restricted to those activities.

3 The evidence in this case showed that the accused might not have just
transported, delivered, or sent the drugs. I would go further and say that, on
the evidence before me, I am satisfied that the accused’s involvement in
trafficking went beyond transporting, sending or delivering them. The CNB
found in the accused’s bedroom a stained metal spoon, pocket digital scale and
a packet of red rubber bands, and the accused admitted that the items belonged
to him and that he used them to repack drugs into smaller packets. I have no
doubt that this was the true state of affairs. It would also explain an
otherwise inexplicable fact, that of the sum of $69,169 which he had and the
sum of about $100,000 which was in the bank account of his 76-year-old
unemployed mother. It is difficult to believe that one involved only in
transporting, sending or delivering drugs would be able to amass sums of money
in these amounts. However, this is not the conclusive consideration.

4 Although I find that the accused person’s involvement here went beyond
transporting, sending, or delivering the drugs, in fairness to the accused
person, he must know what had lain beyond “transporting, sending, or
delivery”. Does that include or exclude “re-packing” or must the prosecution
show that the courier was paid not for transporting but obtained a commission
or a similar kind of profit? The Act does not set out what the extra acts
involve, and so the courts will have to define those circumstances or acts
that take the accused beyond the role of a “courier”. Although re-packing and
collecting payment might be considered acts beyond transporting, delivering or
sending, I do not think that Parliament intended to exclude such ancillary
acts as acts beyond those that define a “courier”. Thus, although I find that
the accused did more than just transporting, delivering or sending, this
accused is caught in the cusp of a new law that concerns life and death. In
this exceptional situation, the accused ought to be given the benefit of the
doubt at least until counsel can advance their arguments as to what is and
what is not beyond “transporting, delivering or sending”, and the courts (or
Parliament) have expressed the law clearly so that an accused knows what that
law is that he has been accused of offending. These issues were considered by
the High Court in _Public Prosecutor v Abdul Haleem bin Abdul Karim and
another_ [2013] 3 SLR 734, but the opinion provided therein at [52]–[55],
while helpful, is in my opinion of too narrow a scope to constitute fair
warning of what acts will bring an accused person beyond “transporting,
delivering or sending”.

5 Further, in _Chum Tat Suan_ , I referred to some potential problems in the
new procedure consequent upon the enactment of s 33B of the Act. Those
considerations apply with equal force in this case. Although the evidence in
this case is not as equivocal as that in _Chum Tat Suan_ , I will hold
nevertheless that the accused here had acted as a “courier” only. I would
caution that in future cases, the courts might consider the possession of vast
sums of money beyond the means of the accused as evidence of his (the accused)
acting more than just a courier. The explanation of the accused in this case
was borderline but in view of the fact that his was among the first cases
under the new provisions, I am giving him the benefit of doubt.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

