Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sculptor Finance (MD) Ireland Ltd _v_ Media Development Authority of
Singapore  
[2013] SGHC 23

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 713 of 2012/P  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 January 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Blossom Hing and Mohan Gopalan (Drew & Napier LLC) for
the Applicant; Kenneth Lim Tao Chung, Goh Zhuo Neng and Cai Chengying (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the Creditor.  
Parties| :|  Sculptor Finance (MD) Ireland Ltd — Media Development Authority
of Singapore  
  
24 January 2013|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 Originating Summons No 713 of 2012/P (“OS 713”) was an application by
Sculptor Finance (MD) Ireland Limited (“the Applicant”) under s 137 of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) for an extension of time to register with
the Accounting & Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) the charges created
by RGM Group Pte Ltd (“RGPL”) and RGM Media (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“RMSPL”)
under a Deed of Charge dated 3 August 2011 in favour of the Applicant
(hereinafter referred to as “the Charges”).

2 The Applicant sought the following orders in OS 713:

(a) That time for lodgement of the Charges be extended for a further 30 days
from the date of the order;

(b) That the omission to register the Charges be rectified;

(c) That the order shall be without prejudice to:

(i) Any liability already incurred by RGPL or RMSPL or any of the officers of
RGPL or RMSPL in respect of the default in lodgement for registration; and

(ii) The rights of any person claiming any interest in the property charged
pursuant to any of the Charges if such interest was acquired before the time
of the actual registration of the relevant Charge; and

(d) Such further or other relief, orders or directions deemed fit.

3 The Media Development Authority of Singapore, a creditor of RGPL (“the
Creditor”), was represented at the hearing before me. After hearing counsel
for the Applicant and the Creditor, I granted the Applicant’s application and
ordered that the costs of the application be borne by RGPL and RMSPL. I also
made the further order that in the event of winding up, the liquidator of RGPL
and/or RMSPL is at liberty to apply to set aside my orders within 12 weeks of
his appointment or such extended period as the court may order. The Creditor
has appealed against my decision.

The facts

4 The Applicant is an investment fund company incorporated in Ireland. RGPL
and RMSPL are companies incorporated in Singapore. RMSPL is wholly owned by
RGPL. RGPL is wholly owned by One North Entertainment Limited (“ONEL”), a
company formerly listed on the Australian Securities Exchange. The Creditor is
a body corporate established under the Media Development Authority of
Singapore Act (Cap. 172).

5 Between August and December 2011, the Applicant, together with two other
investment fund companies known as Sculptor Finance (AS) Ireland Limited and
Sculptor Finance (SI) Limited (collectively referred to as “the Sculptor
Entities”), subscribed for a total of AUD $4,000,000 worth of convertible
bonds (“the Bonds”) issued by ONEL. Pursuant to a Deed of Charge dated 3
August 2011, RGPL and RMSPL each granted the Charges to the Applicant to
secure all monies owing to the Sculptor Entities under or in relation to the
Bonds. The Applicant holds the benefit of the Charges on trust for itself and
the other two Sculpture Entities. The Charges are in the nature of fixed
charges and floating charges over certain assets of each of the chargors.

6 It was undisputed that the Charges fell within the scope of s 131(3) of the
Companies Act (concerning charges which are registrable). Section 131(1)
provides that the failure to register such charges within 30 days would render
them void against the liquidator and any creditor of the company. S 131(1) of
the Companies Act reads:

**Registration of charges**

131.—(1) Subject to this Division, where a charge to which this section
applies is created by a company there shall be lodged with the Registrar for
registration, within 30 days after the creation of the charge, a statement
containing the prescribed particulars of the charge, and if this section is
not complied with in relation to the charge the charge shall, so far as any
security on the company’s property or undertaking is thereby conferred, be
void against the liquidator and any creditor of the company.

7 Since the Charges were created on 3 August 2011, they should have been
registered with ACRA by 2 September 2011. The Applicant, however, did not do
so as it did not have advice on Singapore law at the time that charges were
created and was therefore unaware of the need to register the Charges. It was
only when the Applicant appointed Singapore lawyers in May 2012 that the
Applicant discovered that the Charges required registration and that this had
not been done by RGPL or RMSPL. There was, however, an approximately two-month
delay by the Applicant in taking any action (see [9] below).

8 On 27 June 2012, ONEL announced that its board of directors had approved the
disposal of the whole of its interest in RGPL to Special Solutions Pty Ltd
(LFF).

9 On 26 July 2012, approximately two months after being aware of the need to
register the Charges (see [7] above), the Applicant filed OS 713 seeking the
orders set out at [2] above. Notice of OS 713 was provided to the Creditor
because the Applicant, having done a search on LawNet, became aware of pending
proceedings brought by the Creditor against RGPL. Notice of OS 713 was also
provided to ONEL as the Applicant was aware that ONEL had filed a judicial
management application in respect of RGPL in Originating Summons No 421 of
2012 (“OS 421”). ONEL eventually sought leave to withdraw OS 421, which I
granted on 28 September 2012. The Creditor opposed the Applicant’s application
in OS 713 and filed a winding-up application against RGPL on 28 September 2012
in Companies Winding Up No 158 of 2012/H.

The issues to be decided

10 As a preliminary point, counsel for the Applicant submitted that leave of
court under s 227C of the Companies Act was not needed to commence OS 713. The
said provision reads as follows:

**Effect of application for a judicial management order**

**227C**. During the period beginning with the making of an application for a
judicial management order and ending with the making of such an order or the
dismissal of the application —

...

(c) _no other proceedings and no execution or other legal process shall be
commenced or continued_ and no distress may be levied _against the company_ or
its property _except with leave of the Court_ and subject to such terms as the
Court may impose.

[emphasis added]

The Applicant relied on Millett J’s comments in _In re Barrow Borough
Transport Ltd_ [1990] 1 Ch 227 (“ _Barrow_ ”) at p 232D-F to make its case:

In my judgment, an application for an extension of time under the Companies
Act 1985 for the registration of a charge cannot be described as “proceedings
against the company or its property”. It is an application which can equally
well be made by the company, and which normally is made by the company while
it is a going concern. I would not unless compelled to do so construe the Act
as imposing an obligation upon a creditor to apply to the court for leave to
register out of time. A double-barrelled application for leave is an
absurdity. In my judgment, the Insolvency Act 1986 does not require it.

Counsel for the Creditor did not pursue this point at the hearing before me. I
agreed with Millett J’s views in _Barrow_ that leave of court was not needed
to commence OS 713 and proceeded to hear the parties on the substantive issues
of the case.

11 The central issue in this dispute was whether this court should, given the
factual matrix as at the date of the hearing on 5 October 2012, grant the
Applicant an extension of time to register the Charges and order that the
register be rectified pursuant to s 137 of the Companies Act. S 137 of the
Companies Act provides as follows:

**Extension of time and rectification of register of charges**

**137.** The Court, on being satisfied that the omission to register a charge
(whether under this or any corresponding previous written law) within the time
required or that the omission or mis-statement of any particular with respect
to any such charge or in a statement of satisfaction was _accidental or due to
inadvertence or to some other sufficient cause or is not of a nature to
prejudice the position of creditors or shareholders or that on other grounds
it is just and equitable to grant relief_ , may on the application of the
company or any person interested and on such terms and conditions as seem to
the Court just and expedient (including a term or condition that the extension
or rectification is to be without prejudice to any liability already incurred
by the company or any of its officers in respect of the default) order that
the time for registration be extended or that the omission or mis-statement be
rectified.

[emphasis added]

12 To exercise its powers to grant an extension of time and rectification of
the register, the court must be satisfied that at least one of the grounds set
out in s 137 of the Companies Act is made out. In other words, the Applicant
must show that the omission to register the Charges was:

(a) Accidental;

(b) Due to inadvertence;

(c) Due to some other sufficient cause;

(d) Is not of a nature to prejudice the position of creditors or shareholders;
or

(e) That on other grounds it is just and equitable to grant relief.

Counsel for the Applicant specifically relied only on grounds (b) and (e) to
make its case. I will address both grounds below.

The ground of inadvertence

13 Counsel for the Applicant submitted that the Applicant’s ignorance of the
requirement for registration in Singapore law amounted to “inadvertence” for
the purposes of s 137 of the Companies Act. Two cases revolving around the
English equivalent of s 137 of the Singapore Companies Act were cited in
support of this proposition. The first case was _In Re The Mendip Press
(Limited)_ (1901) 18 TLR 37 (Ch D) (“ _The Mendip_ ”). In _The Mendip_ , the
company’s secretary was imperfectly acquainted with the provisions of the
English Companies Act with regard to the requirement of registration of
debentures. Buckley J held that this amounted to “inadvertence” and granted
the company an extension of time to register the debenture. Similarly, in _Re
Heathstar Properties Ltd_ [1996] 1 WLR 993 (Ch), the chargee’s solicitors had
advised the chargee that its charge did not require registration, so the
chargee was unaware of the need to register its charge. Plowman J held that
this fact amounted to “inadvertence” under the equivalent provision in the
English Companies Act.

14 In response, counsel for the Creditor made two main arguments. First, it
was submitted that the Applicant had failed to particularise its explanation
for omitting to register the Charges as was required by law (see: _In re Kris
Cruisers Limited_ [1949] 1 Ch 138 at p 140 (“ _Re Kris_ ”), _Re Public Bank
Bhd_ [2001] 6 MLJ 330 at p 337I and William James Gough, _Company Charges_
(Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1996) at p 763). Second, it was submitted that the
claim of inadvertence by the Applicant was inherently incredible. It was
argued that the present case ought to be distinguished from _Re Kris_ and _PD
Manufacturing International Pte Ltd v ING Bank NV_ [1999] SGHC 236 (“ _PD
Manufacturing_ ”) since the Applicant’s claim of inadvertence by reason of
being unaware was different from inadvertence arising out of: (a) a belief
that some other person would take care of the registration (as was in the case
of _Re Kris_); and (b) a belief that a charge is not a security interest to
which s 131 of the Companies Act applies (as was in the case of _PD
Manufacturing_). Counsel for the Creditor also made the following points in
arguing that the Applicant’s claim was incredible:

(a) Since the same obligation to register charges exists under Australian
company law, and given that the Applicant had in fact created several charges
under Australian law under the same Bond Deed Poll, the Applicant ought to
have been alive to the possibility of a similar requirement of registration of
the Charges under Singapore law and/or the necessity of obtaining advice in
relation to the same;

(b) The Applicant had been advised by an Australian law firm which prepared
and drafted the Charges and the Bonds;

(c) It is difficult to believe that an investment fund company like the
Applicant did not carry out basic due diligence by seeking advice on Singapore
law on the formalities concerning the Charges;

(d) The Applicant had been put on notice of RGPL’s financial difficulties and
disputes with the Creditor as early as 2011;

(e) As a matter of practice, the lender (_ie_ , the Applicant) will undertake
the registration of the security (_ie_ , the Charges), and it is the borrower
(_ie_ , RGPL) which will authorise the registration of the security by the
lender. A close reading of Condition 12.1(b) of the Bonds reveals that such a
practice was adopted by the Applicant as well as RGPL and RMSPL:

**12.1 Affirmative undertakings**

The Issuer must:

(b) **authorisations** : maintain, and procure that its Subsidiaries maintain,
all Authorisations necessary to be maintained by it to ensure the legality and
enforceability of the Bonds Documents and the priority of the Security or
required for the conduct of its business or ownership of its Secured Property.

[emphasis in original]

(f) Even if the Applicant truly believed that Condition 12.1(b) imposed a
positive obligation on RGPL and RMSPL to register the Charges, it ought to
have sought confirmation from them that it had been done.

15 Having considered the arguments by both parties, I held that the ground of
inadvertence was made out. I was of the view that the Applicant had
sufficiently particularised its explanation for omitting to register the
Charges (_ie_ , that it was simply unaware of the need for registration). I
was not persuaded on the facts that the Applicant had known about the
requirement for registration. I agreed with the English decisions in _Re The
Mendip_ and _Re Heathstar_ that not being aware of the requirement for
registration suffices as inadvertence for the purposes of s 137 of the
Companies Act. Where the two cases which counsel for the Creditor relied on
were concerned, namely _Re Kris_ (where there was a mistaken belief that some
other person would take care of the registration) and _PD Manufacturing_
(where there was a mistaken belief that the charge was not a security interest
to which s 131 of the Companies Act applied), I did not think that the present
case ought to be distinguished from those two cases as there was, in all three
cases, the common and crucial element of inadvertence in the sense of an
oversight and/or a mistake as to the requirement for registration.

16 For these reasons, I allowed the application. However, in the interests of
not prejudicing the creditors of RGPL and RMSP in the event of winding up (see
below at [24]), the grant of the application was subject to the liquidator’s
liberty to apply to set aside my orders in the event of winding up.

The “just and equitable” ground

17 Counsel for the Applicant relied on the alternative argument that the
application should be allowed on the “just and equitable ground” even if the
ground of inadvertence was not made out. Counsel for the Applicant submitted
that the obligation to register the Charges rested not on the Applicant but on
RGPL and RMSPL as chargors and it would not be “just and equitable” for the
Applicant to be prejudiced by the failure of RGPL and RMSPL to fulfil their
obligation. Support was drawn from three sources to make this point. First, it
was submitted that s 132 of the Companies Act contemplates that it is the
chargor which is under the obligation to register a charge. The said provision
reads:

**Duty to register charges**

132.—(1) Documents and particulars required to be lodged for registration in
accordance with section 131 may be lodged for registration _by the company
concerned or by any person interested in the documents_ , but if default is
made in complying with that section the company and every officer of the
company who is in default shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on
conviction to a fine not exceeding $1,000 and also to a default penalty.

(2) Where registration is effected by some person other than the company, that
person shall be _entitled to recover from the company the amount of any fees
properly paid by him on the registration_.

[emphasis added]

Second, counsel for the Applicant relied on Lim Teong Qwee JC’s statement at
[12] of _PD Manufacturing_ that “[i]t is the company that is required to
register the charge and it is the company that is in default”. Lastly, counsel
for the Applicant relied on Clause 4.2(f) of the Deed of Charge read with
Clause 11(m) of the Bonds. The two clauses are reproduced below:

**4** **Representations and warranties, undertakings**

...

**4.2** **Undertakings**

(f) Each Chargor must ensure that no Event of Default occurs ...

**11** **Events of Default**

A bondholder ... and any Bondholder acting with the authority [of] the
Bondholders ... may give notice to the Issuer that the Bonds held by the
Bondholder ... are, and the Bonds shall accordingly thereby immediately
become, due and repayable at the Default Redemption Price if any of the
following events (each an **Event of Default**) shall have occurred:

...

(m) any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of
any necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence,
order, recording or registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled
or done in order (a) to enable the Issuer or any Subsidiary lawfully to enter
into, exercise their respective rights and perform and comply with its
obligations under the Bond Documents, (b) to ensure that those obligations are
legally binding and enforceable, and (c) to ensure that each Security creates
the security interests contemplated by its terms and has the intended
priority, is not or has not been taken, fulfilled or done;

...

[emphasis in original]

18 In response, counsel for the Creditor submitted that it would not be just
and equitable to allow late registration of the Charges for three main
reasons. First, as alluded to earlier at [14(e)], the Creditor took the
position that it is the practice of the industry for the lender, not the
chargor, to undertake registration. Second, it was argued that the winding up
of RGPL was not only imminent, but inevitable, so it would not be just or
equitable to allow the late registration of the Charges. Third, it was argued
that this ground was not made out in view of the Applicant’s delay in
commencing OS 713 only on 26 July 2012 despite becoming aware of the need to
register the Charges as early as May 2012.

19 I was of the view that it would be just and equitable to grant the
application subject to the liquidator’s liberty to apply to set aside the
registration of the Charges. I agreed that the obligation to register the
Charges fell on RGPL and RMSPL as chargors and that it would not be just and
equitable for the Applicant to be prejudiced by the failure of RGPL and RMSPL
to fulfil that obligation. Even if there is a practice in the industry for the
lender and not the chargor to undertake registration, the legal responsibility
ultimately still lies with the chargor.

20 On the issue of prejudice arising from the imminent winding up of RGPL, I
agreed with the Applicant that there was no absolute certainty at the time of
the hearing that a liquidation of RGPL would actually occur as it still
remained possible for RGPL to restructure its debt through a scheme of
arrangement or some other rehabilitation process. The fact that RGPL’s sole
shareholder, ONEL, had made an announcement to the effect that its directors
had approved the disposal of the whole of its interest in RGPL (see [8]
above), did not necessarily diminish the possibility of RGPL restructuring.
Despite the announcement, ONEL had not, at the material time, disposed of its
entire equity interest in RGPL and continued to be RGPL’s sole shareholder.
Furthermore, the business of one of RGPL’s subsidiaries, RGM Artist Group Pty
Ltd, was still operational and generating revenue.

21 While winding up was not necessarily imminent or inevitable, it was
nevertheless clear on the facts that winding up was a real possibility. I was
thus of the opinion that it would be just and expedient to grant the
application subject to the liquidator’s rights to set the registration aside
in the event of winding up. I came to this conclusion after considering two
lines of cases that seemed to point to different conclusions.

22 In the English case of _In re LH Charles & Company Ltd_ [1935] WN 15 (Ch
D), such an order was granted even though a notice had been sent out to all
members to convene a meeting regarding the winding up of the company.
Similarly, in the Singapore case of _PD Manufacturing_ , the court granted a
similar order in relation to an insolvent company to provide for the
eventuality of winding up. However, in another line of cases, the courts have
refused to grant similar orders. A closer examination of these cases though,
revealed significant distinguishing factors. For example, in _In re Resinoid &
Mica Products Ltd_ [1983] 1 Ch 132 (“ _Resinoid_ ”), Lord Denning MR was
influenced not only by the fact that winding up was imminent but also by the
fact that the chargees failed to register the charge even after the loan in
question had been in default for almost 20 months (see _Resinoid_ at p
133D-E). In the case of _In Re Ashpurton Estates Ltd_ [1983] 1 Ch 110 (“
_Ashpurton_ ”), the Court of Appeal was swayed not just by the imminence of
the winding up but also by the conduct of the applicant. The applicant became
aware that its charge was not registered when it should have been but
nevertheless chose to enforce it by selling the charged properties as it had
been advised that an application to extend time to register the charge might
alarm the company and precipitate a liquidation (see _Resinoid_ at p 121D-E).
In the words of Lord Brightman, “the court ... should look askance at a
chargee who deliberately defers his application in order to see which way the
wind is going to blow” (see _Resinoid_ at p 132B).

23 Having considered the two lines of cases, I was of the view that while
liquidation is a relevant factor that the court is entitled to take into
account, the fact of imminent liquidation does not necessarily preclude the
court from granting an extension of time. My conclusion is in accord with the
views of Hoffmann J in _Re Braemar Investments Ltd_ [1989] 1 Ch 54 (“
_Braemar_ ”) at p 62A-F:

Mr. Bannister submitted that the effect of Lord Denning’s remarks [in
_Resinoid_] was that, as a general rule, an application for extension when
winding up is imminent should be refused. _I do not think that Lord Denning
M.R. was intending to pay down such a rule. His statement that the application
was far too late was, in my view, made in the context of the facts of the case
before him._ In [_Ashpurton_], Lord Brightman treated [_Resinoid_] only as
authority for the proposition that the imminence of liquidation was a relevant
factor. It was a ground on which the registrar had been entitled to exercise
his discretion against the applicant. _It does not suggest that he should
regularly or even ordinarily do so. There are a number of cases in which
orders have been made when liquidation was imminent and there is nothing in
[Ashpurton] to suggest that they involved an improper exercise of the
discretion._ As a matter of strict law an application to extend time is not
too late if the registration can be effected before the liquidation actually
commences. The court may, as a matter of discretion, on particular facts
decide that it is too late at an earlier date, but _the overriding question
must be whether it would be just and equitable to grant the leave_.

[emphasis added]

24 I decided to grant the application subject to the liquidator’s right to set
aside the registration in the event of winding up as I was of the view that
such an order would be just and equitable in all the circumstances. If the
winding up application is eventually granted, my orders would enable the
liquidator to apply to set aside the registration and to render the Charges
void. There would be no prejudice to the other creditors of RGPL. In the
alternative scenario that the winding up application is dismissed, there would
also be no prejudice to other creditors of RGPL. This is because s 131 of the
Companies Act, which voids unregistered charges, does not come into play if
there is no winding up (see _Ng Wei Teck Michael v Oversea-Chinese Banking
Corp Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 778 at [31] to [35] and _Power Knight Pte Ltd v
Natural Fuel Pte Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 82 at [38]). If I did not allow the
application, the Applicant would suffer prejudice since it had lent a
substantial amount of money on the basis that it was secured by the Charges.
It would be prejudicial for the Applicant to lose that security merely because
RGPL and RMSPL failed in their statutory and contractual obligations to ensure
that those Chargers were fully enforceable especially in the event of winding
up.

25 The Applicant had delayed for about two months before commencing OS 713.
While this was a relevant factor to consider, it did not carry much weight in
the overall balance. I was still inclined to exercise my discretion to allow
the application, subject to the liquidator’s liberty to apply to set aside my
orders in the event of winding up. This condition would preserve the position
for both parties. After all, there may eventually be no need for the
liquidator to apply to set aside the orders after he has had the opportunity
to study the true state of affairs.

Conclusion

26 For the above reasons, I allowed the application with costs to be borne by
RGPL and RMSPL. In the event of winding up, the liquidator is at liberty to
apply to set aside my orders (in respect of the application and of costs)
within 12 weeks of his appointment or such extended period as the court may
order.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jan 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

