Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Automobile Association of Singapore _v_ Management Corporation Strata
Title Plan No 918 and another matter  
[2013] SGHC 214

Case Number| :| Originating Summonses Nos 911 and 1074 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chan Hock Keng, Suegene Ang and Chong Yong Hui
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff in OS 911/2012 and defendant in
OS1074/2012; Wong Siew Hong and Poonaam Bai (Eldan Law LLP) for the defendant
in OS911 and plaintiff in OS1074/2012; Gokul Haridass (M Rama Law Corporation)
on a watching brief.  
Parties| :|  Automobile Association of Singapore — Management Corporation
Strata Title Plan No 918  
  
22 October 2013|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This was a dispute concerning the use of the car park at the AA Centre on
River Valley Road. The parties involved are the management corporation and a
subsidiary proprietor of the AA Centre. Two originating summonses were filed
in connection with the dispute. The management corporation, which I shall
refer to as the “MCST”, is the defendant in Originating Summons No 911 of 2012
(“OS 911/2012”) and is the plaintiff in Originating Summons No 1074 of 2012
(“OS 1074/2012”). The subsidiary proprietor is the Automobile Association of
Singapore, which I shall refer to as “AAS”. It is the plaintiff in OS 911/2012
and the defendant in OS 1074/2012.

2 The core question in this dispute is whether certain by-laws governing the
use of the car park (the “By-Laws”) at the AA Centre are valid and thus
binding on the MCST. OS 911/2012 was the AAS’s application for, _inter alia_ ,
a declaration that the By-Laws are valid and for injunctions restraining the
MCST from taking a course of conduct which was said to contravene the By-Laws.
OS 1074/2012 was the MCST’s application for, _inter alia_ , a declaration that
the By-Laws are void or otherwise invalid. After hearing both applications on
10 July 2013, I granted OS 911/2012 and dismissed OS 1074/2012. As the MCST
has appealed against my decision (in Civil Appeal No 91 of 2013), I shall now
set out my reasons.

Background facts

3 The AA Centre is a 14-storey mixed-use development comprising 30 strata
lots. AAS owns and occupies two strata lots which it uses for commercial
purposes. These two strata lots encompass the entirety of the first to sixth
storeys. The remaining 28 strata lots correspond to 28 residential units
spread over the seventh to fourteenth storeys. AAS owns 3,128, or 78.2%, of
the 4,000 shares in the common property, and the remaining 872 shares are held
by various subsidiary proprietors of the 28 residential units.

4 The By-Laws were passed by special resolution at an Extraordinary General
Meeting (“the EGM”) of the MCST held on 25 July 2003. The vote, measured in
share value, was 3,448 for to 232 against. The main thrust of the By-Laws was
that the 94 car park spaces in the AA Centre would be allocated among the
subsidiary proprietors in proportion to their respective share values. 28 car
park spaces were allocated to the subsidiary proprietors of the 28 residential
units, _ie_ , one car park space per residential unit, and the remaining 66
car park spaces were allocated to AAS. Car park labels were issued for the
purpose of putting this scheme of allocation into effect: one label for every
car park space allocated to a subsidiary proprietor, which meant, for
instance, that 66 car park labels were issued to AAS.

5 The 94 car park spaces in the AA Centre span five basement levels. There are
21 spaces on Deck 1B, and a total of 73 spaces on Decks 2A, 2B, 3A and 3B. The
By-Laws provided that the 21 spaces on Deck 1B would be marked “RESERVED” in
red and set aside for the exclusive use of vehicles with car park labels on a
“first-come-first-available” basis. The remaining 73 spaces on the other four
levels were open not only to vehicles with car park labels but also to
visitors to the AA Centre, likewise on a “first-come-first-available” basis.
However, parking in these 73 spaces from midnight to 7 am was, in the absence
of prior arrangement between the MCST and the relevant subsidiary proprietor,
restricted to vehicles with car park labels.

6 I turn now to the relatively recent events giving rise to the dispute. By
way of a letter dated 21 August 2012, the MCST informed the subsidiary
proprietors of the AA Centre that it was “renewing” the car park labels. By
this the MCST meant that, from 1 September 2012, the old car park labels would
no longer be in use, and any vehicles using the old labels parked at the
spaces marked “RESERVED” would have their wheels clamped. The letter went on
to state that the new car park labels would be issued to the subsidiary
proprietors based on an allocation of one car park space per strata lot owned
or occupied by that subsidiary proprietor. Hence, under the new scheme
described in the letter of 21 August 2012, AAS would be allocated just two car
park spaces and correspondingly be issued only two car park labels. AAS
complained that this contravened the By-Laws, under which it would enjoy an
allocation of 66 car park spaces.

7 AAS further complained that the MCST also contravened the By-Laws by putting
into effect measures designed to restrict access to and use of the car park.
These measures consisted of imposing a one-hour time limit on parking for
visitors to the AA Centre and enforcing it by clamping the wheels of vehicles
which exceeded that limit, imposing a $150 fee for releasing the wheel clamps,
and installing chains in a manner which prevented cars from being driven down
from Deck 1B to Decks 2A, 2B, 3A and 3B. Accordingly, in OS 911/2012, AAS
sought injunctions restraining the MCST from putting such measures into
effect.

8 In the various affidavits filed in support of the two originating summonses,
each party alleged instances in which the other party’s behaviour was
unreasonable or even unlawful. While these allegations are connected to the
dispute before this court, and are helpful insofar as they facilitate
understanding of the underlying grievances and motivations of the parties and
of how and why their relationship descended to such an acrimonious state, I do
not think that there is a need to address the allegations in detail as they
are not relevant to the issues this court had to decide.

The Issues

9 Some legislative background is necessary at this juncture. Before 1 April
2005, s 41 of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) (“LTSA”)
laid down the procedure by which a management corporation would make by-laws
for, _inter alia_ , regulating the management of common property. On 1 April
2005, however, s 41 and other provisions of the LTSA were repealed, and the
legislative provisions relating to the making of by-laws which were formerly
to be found in the LTSA were re-enacted, with amendments, as ss 32 and 33 of
the new Building Maintenance and Strata Management Act (Cap 30C, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“BMSMA”). As to the by-laws made under the superseded LTSA regime,
transitional provisions were put in place, in the form of para 14 of the
Fourth Schedule to the BMSMA, to govern the survival or otherwise of those by-
laws after 1 April 2005.

10 In this case, the By-Laws were passed at a time when s 41 of the LTSA was
still in force. It was passed by special resolution at a meeting of the MCST,
as required by s 41(3) of that statute, which reads:

**41.** —(3) A management corporation may, under a special resolution, make
by-laws, not inconsistent with the by-laws set out in the First Schedule, for
regulating the control, management, administration, use and enjoyment of the
subdivided building and the common property.

Although s 41 of the LTSA was repealed on 1 April 2005, the existing by-laws,
including the By-Laws, continued in force after that date by operation of para
14(1) of the Fourth Schedule to the BMSMA, which reads:

14.—(1) Subject to this paragraph, every by-law that was made in respect of
any parcel comprised in a strata title plan under the former provisions by a
management corporation continued by the operation of paragraph 10 and that was
in force immediately before 1st April 2005 shall continue in force and be
deemed to have been made under section 32 or 33 of this Act.

It therefore appears, at least on the surface, that the By-Laws are valid and
bind the MCST.

11 The MCST raised, to my understanding, two arguments against the validity of
the By-Laws. First, it argued that the By-Laws are invalid/void because they
were not lodged with the Commissioner of Buildings (the “Commissioner”) within
30 days of the passing of the special resolution, as required by the LTSA.
Second, the MCST argued that it terminated the By-Laws, with reasonable notice
given, by way of the letter of 21 August 2012, in compliance with the BMSMA.

12 The MCST’s two arguments furnish a convenient structure for my decision.
Hence, these grounds of decision focus on the two arguments.

Are the By-Laws invalid/void for having been lodged out of time?

13 The special resolution approving the By-Laws was passed on 25 July 2003.
Under s 41(12) of the LTSA, the MCST was obliged to lodge a copy of the By-
Laws with the Commissioner within 30 days of that date. The provision reads:

**41.** —(12) A copy of every by-law made by the management corporation and
every modification or amendment of any by-law for the time being in force,
certified as a true copy under the seal of the management corporation, shall
be lodged by the management corporation with the Commissioner within 30 days
of the passing of the resolution by the management corporation approving the
making of such by-law or any modification or amendment of any existing by-law.

14 The MCST’s first argument was that this obligation was not met. It relied
on two pieces of evidence. The first was a letter dated 20 August 2003, from
the MCST’s agent to the Commissioner, which enclosed the By-Laws and which had
on it a “RECEIVED” stamp dated 12 September 2003. The second was a letter
dated 26 September 2003, from one Zhang Zhi Bin writing on behalf of the
Commissioner to the MCST, in which Mr Zhang alluded to the first letter as
having been “received by us on [12 September 2003]”. The MCST argued that on
the basis of this evidence the By-Laws had been lodged on 12 September 2003,
more than 30 days after the passing of the special resolution.

15 I did not accept the MCST’s argument. Instead, I accepted AAS’s argument
that the evidence was equivocal as to whether the By-Laws were lodged out of
time, given that the first letter relied on by the MCST, although marked with
a “RECEIVED” stamp dated 12 September 2003, was dated 20 August 2003, a date
within 30 days of the passing of the special resolution. I did not think that
the second letter buttressed the MCST’s argument in any way, since it merely
restated the fact that the letter was dated 20 August 2003 but marked as
received on 12 September 2003.

16 I accepted the argument of AAS that the burden was on the MCST to prove
that the By-Laws were lodged more than 30 days after the special resolution
was passed. Section 108 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) provides
that when any fact is especially within the knowledge of a person, the burden
of proving that fact is upon him. Since it was the MCST’s obligation to lodge
the By-Laws with the Commissioner, I was of the view that the date on which
such lodgement took place was a fact especially within the MCST’s knowledge.
Thus it was for the MCST to prove that the lodgement took place out of time.
However, the evidence relied on by the MCST was not sufficiently unambiguous
to discharge that burden of proof. On this basis alone, the MCST’s first
argument failed.

17 I should add that even if it could be shown that the By-Laws were lodged
with the Commissioner after the expiry of the 30-day period, I am not sure
that the By-Laws are, for that reason alone, void. Section 41(13) of the LTSA
provides that a by-law shall not come into force until a copy is lodged with
the Commissioner. The exact words of the provision are:

**41.** —(13) Any by-law, and any modification or amendment of any existing
by-law, made by the management corporation shall not come into force until a
copy thereof has been lodged with the Commissioner.

On the one hand it can be argued that s 41(12) of the LTSA renders invalid any
purported lodgement of a by-law after the expiry of the 30-day period, with
the consequence under s 41(13) that the by-law never comes into force. On the
other hand, while lodgement out of time might expose the management
corporation and its council members to criminal sanctions and a fine under s
120(1) of the LTSA, it does not affect the validity of the lodgement and hence
does not prevent the by-law from coming into effect whenever it is lodged,
however late that might be. As neither party argued this point, I express no
preference for either view.

Were the By-Laws terminated by the letter dated 12 August 2012?

18 The MCST’s second argument was that it was entitled to terminate the By-
Laws with reasonable notice, and that it did precisely that by announcing in
the letter of 21 August 2012 its intention to implement a new scheme of
allocating car park spaces. The MCST relied on para 14(4) of the Fourth
Schedule to the BMSMA, which provides, in relation to by-laws made under the
superseded LTSA regime, that any by-law which grants a subsidiary proprietor a
right of exclusive use and enjoyment of, or special privileges in respect of,
any common property would be terminable on reasonable notice after 1 April
2005, unless the management corporation otherwise resolves by unanimous
resolution. For convenience I set out that provision in full:

14.—(4) Where, immediately before 1st April 2005, a subsidiary proprietor of a
lot was entitled, pursuant to former section 41 of the Land Titles (Strata)
Act repealed by this Act, a right of exclusive use and enjoyment of, or
special privileges in respect of, any common property, the subsidiary
proprietor for the time being of the lot shall continue to be entitled to that
right or those special privileges in accordance with the terms of the by-law,
and any such by-law shall be terminable on reasonable notice unless the
management corporation otherwise resolves by unanimous resolution.

19 The premise behind this second argument of the MCST must be that the By-
Laws granted AAS, or some other subsidiary proprietor, a right of exclusive
use and enjoyment of, or special privileges in respect of, the common property
that is the car park. However, I failed to see how this premise could be
correct. As AAS argued, being allocated 66 car park spaces did not equate to
having exclusive use of 66 car park spaces. The 21 car park spaces marked
“RESERVED” on Deck 1B and the other 73 spaces were on a “first-come-first-
available” basis, meaning that no one particular space was earmarked for the
exclusive use of any one subsidiary proprietor. In effect, each subsidiary
proprietor could use the entire car park. As to whether the By-Laws granted
AAS “special privileges” in respect of the car park, I did not think that they
did. AAS was allocated 66 car park spaces out of 94, which meant that it was
allocated approximately 70.2% of the car park spaces in the AA Centre. It was,
without doubt, allocated many more spaces than the other subsidiary
proprietors, but this must be seen in the context of AAS’s majority share
value of 78.2%. I would not venture to define exhaustively what does or does
not constitute “special privileges”, but in my opinion a scheme that allocates
car park spaces to subsidiary proprietors in a manner proportionate to their
share values is not one which grants any subsidiary proprietor “special
privileges”.

20 Since the By-Laws granted AAS neither exclusive use of nor special
privileges in respect of the car park, para 14(4) of the Fourth Schedule to
the BMSMA has no application. It follows that the MCST was not entitled to
terminate the By-Laws with reasonable notice. The MCST’s second argument thus
failed.

21 It was open to the MCST to implement the new scheme of allocating car park
spaces described in their letter of 21 August 2012, provided that they did so
by means of a special resolution, as required by s 32(3) of the BMSMA. But, as
became clear only at the hearing, there was no such special resolution as the
AAS had been led to believe. Indeed, there was not even a general meeting
convened for the purpose of taking a vote on the new scheme of allocation.
Hence, the By-Laws were not superseded by any new scheme of allocation.

22 There are two further points that should be dealt with before I conclude.
The first additional point arose because the MCST sought a declaration in OS
1074/2012 that it “has the right, power and duty to manage and administer all
the common property comprised in the AA Centre, including the car park”. I
dismissed OS 1074/2012 in its entirety, but that should not be taken to mean
that the MCST does not have such right, power and duty, for it undoubtedly
does. In my view, what the MCST was seeking was a declaration that it had a
_carte blanche_ to manage the common property as it deems fit. That cannot be
the case. The MCST must manage the property in accordance with all by-laws in
effect, which in this case includes the By-Laws.

23 The second additional point concerned the relationship between the By-Laws
and the by-laws prescribed by regulations under the BMSMA. The prescribed by-
laws are set out in the Second Schedule to the Building Maintenance (Strata
Management) Regulations (S 192/2005). By operation of s 32(2) of the BMSMA
read with para 14(1) of the Fourth Schedule, the By-Laws cannot be
inconsistent with the prescribed by-laws. AAS accepted that the MCST adopted
the prescribed by-laws by special resolution, as required by para 14(3) of the
Fourth Schedule to the BMSMA, at an Annual General Meeting held on 20 April
2006. The problematic by-law in the prescribed by-laws is the following one:

**Vehicles**

2.—(1) A subsidiary proprietor or an occupier of a lot shall not —

(_a_)park or leave; or

(_b_)permit any invitees of the subsidiary proprietor or occupier to park or
leave,

any motor vehicle or other vehicle on the common property except with the
prior written approval of the management corporation.

24 At first glance, it would appear that the By-Laws are inconsistent with
this particular prescribed by-law. More than that, any by-law which permitted
parking as of right even in a designated car park would seem to be
inconsistent with this prescribed by-law. That, however, would be an absurd
position. In my view, the prescribed by-law must be interpreted as not
applying to any part of the common property which has been designated as a car
park. I find support for this view in _Poh Kiong Kok v Management Corporation
Strata Title Plan No 581_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 617, a decision of Chan Sek Keong J,
at [16]. The By-Laws pertain wholly to the use of a car park, and accordingly,
in my opinion, they are not inconsistent with the by-laws prescribed by the
BMSMA regulations and adopted by the MCST.

Conclusion

25 For the foregoing reasons, I held that the By-Laws are valid and binding on
the MCST, and granted the declarations and injunctions sought by AAS. I
further ordered that damages be assessed by the Registrar. I awarded costs of
OS 911/2012 to AAS, together with the costs of the interim injunction that I
had previously granted (on 2 October 2012) pending the hearing of the two
originating summonses. I made no order for the costs for OS 1074/2012.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

