Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lee Siew Lin _v_ Oh Choon  
[2013] SGHC 25

Case Number| :| Divorce Transferred No 5661 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 January 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Christopher Teh (Teh Yip Wong & Tan) for the plaintiff;
Tan Aye Cheng (A C Shone & Co) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lee Siew Lin — Oh Choon  
  
28 January 2013|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

1 This judgment deals with the claim of Lee Siew Lin (“the wife”) to a share
in the matrimonial assets and maintenance for herself post-divorce. After
hearing the parties, I essentially awarded 74% of the matrimonial assets to Oh
Choon (“the husband”) and 26% to the wife. This division was effected by my
order to the husband to transfer his share in 15A Kalidasa Avenue, Singapore
789394 (“the matrimonial home”) to the wife within 6 months. The husband was
allowed to retain his share in 63 Thong Soon Green, Singapore 787369 (“63
Thong Soon Green”). In addition, the parties were allowed to retain the moneys
in their respective bank and CPF accounts and other assets in their own names.

2 With respect to the claim for maintenance, I awarded a lump sum of $5,000 to
the wife.

3 The husband has appealed against my decision regarding the transfer of the
matrimonial home to the wife. I now set out my reasons.

Introduction

4 The parties were married on 2 August 1993. The husband was a businessman. He
has recently retired from his catering business while the wife currently works
as a laundry assistant. The husband moved out of the matrimonial home in June
1999 and the wife commenced divorce proceedings in November 2010. Interim
judgment for divorce (“the decree _nisi_ ”) was granted on 20 October 2011 on
the basis that the parties had lived apart for a continuous period of at least
4 years. The parties have no children.

5 After the husband moved out of the matrimonial home in June 1999, he visited
his wife monthly to give her $1,200 in cash as maintenance until October 2010.
From November 2010 until April 2011, he paid her the maintenance money via
cheques.

Disputed matrimonial assets

6 The parties held opposing views on two specific issues relating to the
composition of matrimonial assets:

(a) Whether 63 Thong Soon Green, Singapore 787369 formed part of the
matrimonial assets; and

(b) Whether Block 365 Clementi Avenue 2, #04-493, Singapore 120365 formed part
of the matrimonial assets.

7 The wife’s position was that both properties should form part of the
matrimonial assets. Unsurprisingly, the husband asserted that neither property
should be regarded as a matrimonial asset.

The operative date for determination of the matrimonial assets (“the operative
date”)

8 Section 112(10)(b) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the
Charter”) defines the term matrimonial asset as an “asset of any nature
acquired during the marriage by one party or both parties to the marriage”.

9 As observed by the Court of Appeal in _Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy
and another appeal_ [2011] 2 SLR 1157 (“ _Yeo_ ”) at [32], there is no “fixed
date for the purposes of determining what assets would fall within the pool of
matrimonial assets and what would not”. The Court of Appeal in _Yeo_ at [39]
then suggested four possible dates which may be adopted as the operative date:

(a)

The date of separation;

(b)

The date on which the petition of divorce is filed;

(c)

The date on which a decree _nisi_ is granted; or

(d)

The date of hearing of ancillary matters.

10 The Court of Appeal in _Yeo_ went on to note (also at [39]) that “of the
four possible cut-off dates, it seems to us that generally speaking _it would
be sensible to apply either the date of the decree nisi or the date of the
hearing of the ancillary matters._ Much would depend on the fact situation.”
[emphasis added].

11 The husband’s case was that the operative date should be the date of
separation (_i.e._ June 1999). He asserted that after leaving the matrimonial
home, he faced financial difficulties and thus there was no common pool of
monies which he could have used to purchase the properties.

12 As I understood it, the husband was basically contending that at the time
he left the matrimonial home in June 1999, he had hardly any money. He worked
hard subsequently and accumulated his savings over a period of more than 10
years before he could afford to purchase 63 Thong Soon Green in April 2010.
Since this property was bought with money he accumulated only after the date
of separation, this property should not form part of the matrimonial assets
and the operative date for determination of the pool of matrimonial assets
should therefore be the date of separation and not any later date. Should the
operative date be the date on which the petition of divorce was filed (_i.e._
November 2010) or the date on which the decree _nisi_ was granted (_i.e_. 20
October 2011), then all his efforts in accumulating assets for himself would
have gone into the pool of matrimonial assets for division and would not be
exclusively for his own benefit. That would seem inequitable and detrimental
to his interest.

13 On the facts of this case, the parties appeared to be contented with their
state of separation for more than 10 years without either party taking any
active steps to end the marriage by commencing divorce proceedings early and
settling their financial affairs quickly by having the ancillary matters
expeditiously dealt with. There were also no steps taken at any time during
the long period of separation to make clear to each other that the pool of
matrimonial assets would crystallise at the date of separation, and thereafter
any accumulation of assets would accrue to each party individually and ought
not to be taken as part of the matrimonial assets henceforth. Without clear
evidence of such an agreed arrangement or common understanding between the
parties, I was not prepared to adopt the date of separation as the operative
date. Any accumulation of assets by the efforts of either party during the
separation would continue to fall into the pool of matrimonial assets. The
parties would be taken to have continued accumulating matrimonial assets
jointly on the basis that the marriage was still legally subsisting though
they were separated. In the present circumstances, it would be sensible to
adopt the date of the decree _nisi_ (_i.e._ 20 October 2011) as the operative
date. In my view, adoption of this operative date would not bring about an
unjust outcome.

63 Thong Soon Green, Singapore 787369

14 Accordingly, I decided that 63 Thong Soon Green, a private terrace house,
was part of the matrimonial assets because the property was purchased by the
husband on 14 April 2010, before the operative date. The moneys used by him to
finance the purchase of this property in his own name would have originated
from the matrimonial moneys accumulated before the operative date.

Block 365 Clementi Avenue 2, #04-493, Singapore 120365

15 I decided that the flat did not form part of the matrimonial assets. The
flat was held in one Liew Kwai Lin’s sole name. Despite the wife’s allegations
that the husband paid for the flat, there was no evidence before me to support
her allegations.

Division of matrimonial assets

The law

16 The duty of the court in the division of matrimonial assets is to consider
all the circumstances of the case including the following factors as provided
in s 112(2) of the Charter:

(a) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(b) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

(c) the needs of the children (if any) of the marriage;

(d) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependant of either party;

(e) any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce;

(f) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(g) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(h) the matters referred to in s 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

17 The above factors are non-exhaustive and a wide discretion is conferred
upon the court in order to achieve a just and equitable division of the
matrimonial assets (see _Tan Hwee Lee v Tan Cheng Guan and another appeal and
another matter_ [2012] 4 SLR 785 at [41] and _Yeo_ at [76]).

18 A broad brush approach which takes into account both financial and non-
financial contributions should be used in achieving a just and equitable
division of matrimonial assets (_Yeo_ at [78]; _NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743
(“ _NK v NL_ ”)). However, this does not mean that the court will meticulously
investigate every minute sum each party has paid or incurred (_NK v NL_ at
[26]; _Yeo_ at [78]). Ultimately, the broad brush approach is “about feel and
the court’s sense of justice” (_Yeo_ at [76] and [81]).

Factors in the division of matrimonial assets

19 After considering the evidence presented before me, I decided on a 76:24
division of the matrimonial assets for the following reasons.

The length of the marriage

20 The parties had been married for 18 years although the husband moved out
after six years of marriage. After the husband moved out, the parties still
maintained contact through the husband’s monthly visits to the matrimonial
home and his provision of $1,200 in monthly maintenance to his wife.

21 Previous cases have established that “in a short and childless marriage,
the division of matrimonial assets will usually be in accordance with the
parties' direct financial contributions as non-financial contributions will be
minimal” (_Ong Boon Huat Samuel v Chan Mei Lan Kristine_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 729
(“ _Ong_ ”) at [28]; _Wang Shi Huah Karen v Wong King Cheung Kevin_ [1992] 2
SLR(R) 172 (“ _Wang_ ”) at [15]). However, I note that the effective length of
the marriages in _Ong_ and _Wang_ (_viz._ 19 months and one year respectively)
were significantly shorter than the present case. Accordingly, I gave due
consideration to both the financial and non-financial contributions of the
parties in the present case.

Financial contributions

22 It was common ground between the parties that the husband had made
significant financial contributions towards the marriage. He paid for the cost
of purchasing, renovating, furnishing and maintaining the matrimonial home. He
also paid for the utilities until February 2012 and had given the wife a
monthly maintenance of $1,200 until April 2011. In contrast, the wife had paid
for some household and grocery expenses during the marriage.

23 The parties also did not dispute the fact that the husband had been drawing
a significantly higher income than the wife. The wife earned $900 a month as a
laundry assistant while the husband had retired from his catering business.
The following figures from the husband’s Notice of Assessment provide a
general indication of the husband’s level of income in the past:

Year of Assessment |  Total Income  
---|---  
2009 |  $62,509.00  
2010 |  $67,909.00  
2011 |  $74,192.00  
  
  

Non-financial contributions

24 The wife claimed that she frequently assisted in the commercial kitchen of
the husband’s catering business while the husband disputed the frequency of
her assistance. I decided on a balance of probabilities that the wife had
provided substantial assistance to the husband’s catering business. Even
though the couple had no children, I did note that the wife had carried out
household chores and had looked after the matrimonial home.

The Division

25 Having considered the above factors, I adopted a broad brush approach and
awarded the husband effectively 74% of the matrimonial assets and the wife 26%
of the matrimonial assets. In my view, this division was on the whole just and
equitable. The assets were ordered to be divided as follows:

Wife |  Value |  Husband |  Value  
---|---|---|---  
Matrimonial home |  $640,000.00 |  63 Thong Soon Green ($2,480,000 valuation - $673,650.10 outstanding loan) |  $1,806,349.90  
Cash |  $11,764.81 |  Cash |  $17,302.28  
CPF Monies |  $106,890.08 |  CPF Monies |  $166,325.81  
Shares |  $2,310.00 |  Car ($179,000 - $74,073.05) |  $104,926.95  
|  |  Insurance Policies |  $39,005.00  
Total: |  $760,964.89 |  Total: |  $2,133,909.80  
Division: |  26.29% |  |  73.71%  
  
  

Lump sum maintenance for the wife

26 Bearing in mind the delays experienced by the wife in obtaining maintenance
from the husband and the desire of the retired husband to have a clean break,
I awarded a lump sum of $5,000 as maintenance for the wife, who is still
working. This lump sum maintenance would have been significantly higher had
the proportion of matrimonial assets given to the wife been any lower than the
percentage allocated to her of 26.29% of the total pool of matrimonial assets
of $2,894,874.60, which amounted to $760,964.89.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jan 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

