Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd _v_ Shiok Kim Seng (trading as IKO
Precision Toolings) and another appeal  
[2013] SGCA 6

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 76 of 2012 and Civil Appeal No 78 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 January 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA; Sundaresh Menon JA (as he then was)  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chia Swee Chye Kelvin (Samuel Seow Law Corporation) for
the appellant in CA 76 of 2012 and the respondent in CA 78 of 2012; Eugene Tan
Kon Yeng and Eng Cia Ai (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent in CA 76 of
2012 and the appellant in CA 78 of 2012  
Parties| :|  Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd — Shiok Kim Seng (trading as IKO
Precision Toolings)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2012] 3 SLR 595.]

18 January 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the Judgment of the Court):

Introduction

1 The present cross appeals arise out of an assessment of damages, which had
first been heard before the Assistant Registrar (“the AR”). Both parties
appealed against the AR’s decision to the High Court Judge (“the Judge”). The
Judge’s decision on the assessment of damages appeal was delivered on 31 May
2012 and this included an addendum that he provided after hearing further
arguments. That decision is reported as _Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd v
Shiok Kim Seng (trading as IKO Precision Toolings)_ [2012] 3 SLR 595 (“the AD
Decision”). In the AD Decision, the Judge referred to an earlier judgement
that he himself had delivered after hearing the trial of the matter which
dealt with the issue of liability. It was pursuant to the earlier judgement
that damages came to be assessed. The earlier judgment is reported as _Lim
Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd v Shiok Kim Seng (trading as IKO Precision
Toolings)_ [2011] 1 SLR 433 (“the Original Decision”).

Facts

Parties to the dispute

2 Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd (“Lim Contractors”) is the developer of
Alpha Industrial Building (“the Building”) and the owner of the premises known
as unit #05-11 (“the Premises”) in the Building. The managing director of Lim
Contractors is one Lim Chin Leong (“Mr Lim”).

3 Shiok Kim Seng (“Mr Shiok”) was the tenant of the Premises from January
2005. Although the lease expired at the end of 2008, Mr Shiok remained in
possession of the Premises until September 2010. Before renting the Premises,
Mr Shiok had run a business as a middleman trading in precision tooling. When
he decided to go into the business of manufacturing precision tooling he
required new premises, which for his purposes, had to have a floor area of at
least 517 m2. This was the context in which he leased the Premises. He has now
vacated the Premises and his business has ceased. He is also facing several
bankruptcy petitions.

Background to the dispute

4 Lim Contractors and Mr Shiok entered into the following written tenancy
agreements (collectively referred to as the “Tenancy Agreements”):

(a) An agreement dated 9 December 2004 (“the First Tenancy Agreement”), under
which Lim Contractors agreed to lease the Premises to Mr Shiok for two years
(from 1 January 2005 to 31 December 2006) at a monthly rent of $3,200 (not
inclusive of GST).

(b) An agreement signed sometime in March 2007 (“the Second Tenancy
Agreement”), under which Lim Contractors agreed to rent the Premises to Mr
Shiok for two years (the term was to begin retrospectively on 1 January 2007
and was to expire on 31 December 2008) at the same monthly rent of $3,200 (not
inclusive of GST).

5 In the Original Decision, the Judge found that Mr Lim had made two
representations to Mr Shiok which had induced the latter to take a lease of
the Premises from Lim Contractors. These representations were:

(a) that a mezzanine floor could be built to substantially increase the floor
area of the Premises (see the Original Decision at [13]) (“the First
Representation”); and

(b) that the Premises could be purchased by Mr Shiok (see the Original
Decision at [26] and [29] to [30]) (“the Second Representation”).

The First Representation and the Second Representation are collectively
referred to as “the Representations”.

6 Pursuant to the Representations, Mr Shiok constructed a mezzanine floor in
the Premises. The contractor that he engaged for this work was Heng Loong
Construction, of which Mr Lim was a partner. The renovation work (which
included the cost of constructing the mezzanine floor) took five or six months
and cost $106,176.03 (see the Original Decision at [6]). The addition of the
mezzanine floor almost doubled the usable space at the Premises from
approximately 270 m2 to 539 m2. This suited Mr Shiok’s purposes, since, as
noted above, he required a floor area of at least 517 m2to enable him to
conduct the business of manufacturing precision tools (see above at [3]).
Following the construction of the mezzanine floor, Mr Shiok operated his
business from the Premises.

7 The mezzanine floor was subsequently found to be irregular by the Building
and Construction Authority (“BCA”) as it caused the gross floor area to exceed
the permitted limit and was contrary to planning regulations. Despite being
required to do so, Mr Shiok was unwilling to remove or otherwise regularise
the mezzanine floor. On 4 November 2009, Lim Contractors obtained a Court
order permitting it to enter the Premises and take the necessary steps to
remove the mezzanine floor. The mezzanine floor was eventually removed on 29
and 30 January 2010.

8 As to the Second Representation, the Judge found that there had been some
attempt by Mr Shiok to raise the subject of a purchase in 2006 at which time,
on Mr Lim’s initiative, it was deferred until 2007 following the anticipated
issuance of the Certificate of Statutory Completion (“CSC”) of the Premises
(see the Original Decision at [29]). But Mr Shiok never took steps to enforce
the asserted right to purchase the Premises and by the time of the Original
Decision, the Judge found that Mr Shiok was in no position to exercise any
such right (see the Original Decision at [33]).

9 Moreover, it is significant to note that by the time the Second Tenancy
Agreement was entered into in March 2007, the reference to the possible sale
of the Premises that had been in the First Tenancy Agreement had changed.

10 In the First Tenancy Agreement, clause 3(d) provided as follows:

3\. THE LANDLORD hereby agrees with THE TENANT as follows:-

...

(d)During the term of the Tenancy, THE LANDLORD agrees not to sell THE SAID
PREMISES to any purchasers other than THE TENANT at the predetermined sale
price of **Singapore Dollars Four Hundred Sixty Two Thousnd And Fifty Four
Only (S$462,054.00) or at S$159.00 per sqft** , exclusive of GST and stamp
duty which are payable by THE TENANT. All rental payable shall be calculated
till the date of sale completion.

[emphasis original]

In the Second Tenancy Agreement, clause 4(i) provided:

During the term of the Tenancy, THE LANDLORD agrees not to sell THE SAID
PREMISES to any purchasers other than THE TENANT at the sale price which will
be determined after the CSC.

[emphasis added]

11 It may be noted that under each of the Tenancy Agreements, Lim Contractors’
agreement, such as it was, was only for the duration of the respective term of
the Tenancy created thereunder. Further, under the Second Tenancy Agreement,
there was no longer an agreement even as to price. The Judge did not find that
the Second Tenancy Agreement was vitiated in any way though he accepted Mr
Shiok’s evidence that “he felt constrained to some extent by the investment he
already put into the unit” to agree to the Second Tenancy Agreement (see the
Original Decision at [31]).

12 We return to the significance of these facts a little later but it is
sufficient for the moment for us to note that the Judge found that Mr Lim’s
representations to Mr Shiok gave rise to a proprietary estoppel (see the
Original Decision at [30]). To satisfy the proprietary estoppel, the Judge
concluded that an award of damages would be appropriate. In effect, the Judge
made an order for equitable compensation, the quantum of which was to be
assessed by the Registrar. The Judge further offered the following guidance as
to what he had in mind:

33 ... an award of damages to put Mr Shiok _into the position he would be in
had he not entered into the two tenancy agreements_. This would reverse any
detriment he has suffered, as well as take into account any benefit he had
enjoyed as a result of entering into the tenancy agreements. ...

...

36 ...

(b) Mr Shiok is entitled to damages to be assessed to _restore him to the
position he would be in had he not entered into the two tenancy agreements_.
The registrar is to assess the totality of rental, renovations and mezzanine
floor payments made by him against the totality of benefits received by him in
connection with the first tenancy until the date of vacation of the premises.
Subject to this overriding aim, the assessing registrar should consider,
_inter alia_ , the amount of money Mr Shiok spent on renovating and improving
the unit, including the building and removal of the mezzanine floor and the
profits from his business conducted therein. I appreciate that a precise
measure would not be possible – any evidential difficulties should be resolved
in an equitable manner and in the spirit of my judgment.

[emphasis added]

13 The Judge had thus concluded in the Original Decision that the equity that
he found had arisen in favour of Mr Shiok was to be satisfied by an award of
compensation designed to restore the parties to the position they would have
been in if the Tenancy Agreements had never been entered into, rather than by
an order compelling the sale of the Premises to Mr Shiok. The guidance that
the Judge gave in this regard contemplated an account being taken of all the
losses Mr Shiok made while he was at the Premises and an assessment of what
profits he may have made had he conducted his business elsewhere. Although the
Judge had invited the parties to come back to him should they have required
any clarification, in the event they did not take this up.

14 Neither party appealed against the Original Decision. It follows that it is
no longer open to Lim Contractors to challenge the Judge’s finding that an
equity had arisen in favour of Mr Shiok by reason of the Representations. Nor
is it open to either party to challenge his decision that this was to be
satisfied if at all by an award of equitable compensation with the aim of
restoring Mr Shiok to the position he would have been in had he not entered
into the Tenancy Agreements. The Judge also ordered Mr Shiok to vacate the
Premises within six weeks of the date of the Original Decision, failing which
he was to pay Lim Contractors double rent at the rate of $6,400 per month (see
the Original Decision at [36(a)]).

15 The matter then came before the AR for the assessment of damages. The
learned AR assessed the quantum of damages at the sum of $1,048,100. Both
parties appealed against the AR’s decision (“the Registrar’s Appeals”).

Decision Below

16 The Registrar’s Appeals were heard by the Judge. In the AD Decision, the
Judge varied the AR’s decision and ordered Lim Contractors to pay Shiok the
following sums (see the AD Decision at [32], [33] and [35]):

(a) the cost of renovating the Premises including the installation of the
mezzanine floor which he assessed as amounting to $188,817.98;

(b) compensation for the loss of opportunity to purchase the Premises, which
the Judge quantified at a sum of $46,205.40;

(c) costs for the various legal actions that Mr Shiok had been exposed to and
particularised as follows:

(i) cost of hearing the Registrar’s Appeals fixed at $8,000 (inclusive of
disbursements);

(ii) cost of the hearing before the AR to be paid by Lim Contractors to Mr
Shiok to be taxed if not agreed;

(iii) costs for all other related legal actions fixed at $3,000; and

(d) simple interest of 5.33% per annum to be payable on items (a) and (b)
above starting from 8 October 2008, being the date on which Mr Shiok filed his
defence and counterclaim. No interest was payable on item (c).

17 Both parties appealed against the AD Decision. Civil Appeal No 76 of 2012
(“CA 76/2012”) is Lim Contractors’ appeal and Civil Appeal No 78 of 2012 (“CA
78/2012”) is Mr Shiok’s appeal.

Issues before this Court

18 The following issue arises in CA 78/2012:

(a) On the basis that the Court assessing damages is obliged to assess it in
accordance with the terms of the Original Decision, whether the Judge had
impermissibly departed from the Original Decision; and if he did, what should
follow from this (“the First Issue”).

19 The following issue arises in both CA 76/2012 and CA 78/2012:

(a) What is the appropriate assessment of the compensation, if any, that is to
be awarded to Mr Shiok (“the Second Issue”).

20 We begin with the First Issue as this involves a determination of the basis
upon which the award of damages is to be assessed. We then move to consider
the Second Issue, which is the actual assessment of damages.

The First Issue

21 Mr Shiok contends that in this case, the Court tasked with assessing the
damages was obliged to do so in accordance with the terms of the Original
Decision and the directions and principles that were set out therein. For
present purposes, those principles have been set out and summarised at [12]
and [13] above. This much was uncontroversial.

22 The fact that an assessing court is obliged to adhere to any principles
laid down by the trial court for the assessment has been recognised, for
instance, in _Ho Yew Weng Alan James v Poh Eng Wah Mark t/a Sg Vehicles
Trading_ [1997] SGHC 179 at [9]:

Where judgment is given for damages to be assessed they will be assessed by
the registrar unless provision is made by the judgment as to how they are to
be assessed. See O 37 r 1(1) [of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed)]. The registrar must assess the damages in accordance with the terms of
the judgment. He cannot disregard the judgment and the assessment of damages
is not an occasion for him to set it aside or vary it in any way. Appeals from
his decision and the decision of the district judge are no different in this
respect.

23 In _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis,
2009) at para 37/1–6/8 (“ _Singapore Court Practice_ ”) the learned
commentators expand on this as follows:

Issues of liability are regarded as having been determined and will not be
revisited at the hearing of the assessment of damages ... the registrar must
assess the damages in the context of the judgment. He is not at liberty to
vary or modify the judgment in any way (_How Yew Weng, Alan James v Poh Eng
Wah Mark t/a Sg Vehicles Trading_ (DCA No 50 of 1996, para 9).

24 Although the Judge in hearing the Registrar’s Appeals was doing so “as if
it arose before him for the first time” (see _Singapore Court Practice_ at
para 37/1–6/14) and was thus not bound by the AR’s decision, the Judge was
nonetheless bound by his own judgment in the Original Decision.

25 It is therefore unsurprising that the parties are in agreement on this
threshold point. The divergence between them is instead on the question of
whether the Judge had in fact departed from the Original Decision when he
delivered the AD Decision; and if he had, what follows from this in terms of
the actual assessment of the appropriate compensation.

Mr Shiok’s case

26 Mr Shiok’s case on this is that the Judge had departed from the terms of
the Original Decision in assessing damages. Instead of assessing damages on
the basis of restoring Mr Shiok to the position that he would have been in had
he not entered into the Tenancy Agreements, as he had determined and ordered
in the Original Decision, the Judge decided in the AD Decision that the equity
in question would be best satisfied by an award that reimbursed Mr Shiok for
the cost of installing the mezzanine floor, and compensated him for the loss
of opportunity to purchase the Premises and for the costs that he incurred in
these proceedings. According to Mr Shiok, the Judge in the AD Decision
pronounced an “altogether different remedy” from that which he had
contemplated in the Original Decision.[note: 1]

27 In particular, Mr Shiok submits that the Judge wrongly considered his loss
of profits to be an irrelevant factor in the AD Decision at [31], when
earlier, in the Original Decision at [36(b)], he had directed the registrar to
take into account business profits or losses in assessing the appropriate
measure of compensation.

Lim Contractors’ case

28 In reply, Lim Contractors emphasised that the AD Decision had been made by
the same Judge as had made the Original Decision, and that he was thus best
placed to know and delimit the terms of the Original Decision and would have
been fully mindful of the importance of not exceeding those terms.

29 Regarding Mr Shiok’s claim for business losses, Lim Contractors argued that
this claim had neither been pleaded nor presented to the Judge during trial
and thus could not have been one of the claims allowed by the Judge in the
Original Decision. As such, the Judge did not depart from the Original
Decision when he rejected Mr Shiok’s claim for the alleged business losses, as
this head of claim had not in fact been contemplated by the Original Decision.

Analysis

30 As we have noted above, because neither party had appealed against the
Original Decision, it is _res judicata_ and the Judge was bound by it. In
order to determine whether the Judge departed from the Original Decision, it
is necessary to compare its terms against the AD Decision.

31 The references in the Original Decision at [33] and [36(b)] (reproduced
above at [12]) to restoring Mr Shiok to the position he would have been in had
he not entered into the Tenancy Agreements are framed in terms of reliance
loss. The reliance-based approach to quantifying a loss looks to what the
plaintiff’s position would have been had the defendant not made the relevant
representations or had the plaintiff not acted upon them. By contrast, the
expectation-based approach looks to what the plaintiff’s position would have
been had the defendant actually acted in accordance with the representations.

32 However, in the AD Decision at [8] and [11] the Judge appeared to have
reopened the issue. He noted that neither the expectation- nor reliance-based
approach was determinative and that he could take into account the different
bases to arrive at an “intermediate figure”. In particular, the Judge said as
follows at [11] and [12] of the AD Decision:

11 Therefore, to summarise, the authorities suggest that I am not bound by any
specific measure in quantifying the amount of compensation to be awarded. Mr
Shiok’s expectations and reliance are certainly relevant factors which I would
take into account, but these factors are not determinative. Ultimately, the
court would have to look at all the circumstances of the case in order to
arrive at a proportionate award that would satisfy the equity raised by the
estoppel. The court has discretion to adopt whichever measure (or any
intermediate figure) that it considers to be the most appropriate sum given
the facts of the case.

12 With the above principles in mind, I shall now address the quantum of
compensation that would in my view sufficiently satisfy the equity raised by
the proprietary estoppel claim.

33 While the Judge was undoubtedly correct to summarise the effect of the
authorities he cited at [9] and [10] of the AD Decision as standing for the
general proposition that a court fashioning a remedy to satisfy the equity in
favour of the plaintiff is not bound by any specific measure in quantifying
the amount of compensation, he appears to have overlooked the fact that he had
already made a determination affecting this in the Original Decision. This was
not a case without any prior binding pronouncement on the approach that was to
be taken in the assessment. On the contrary, the Judge had already made a
determination which continued to bind him.

34 It is evident from a perusal of the rest of the AD Decision, in particular
at [13] to [31], that the Judge departed from the terms of the Original
Decision. Specifically, whereas in the Original Decision the Judge had decided
on equitable compensation being framed under a reliance-based approach, in the
AD Decision, the Judge instead awarded:

(a) reliance losses for the money spent by Mr Shiok on the renovation carried
out by Mr Shiok shortly after entering into the First Tenancy Agreement; and

(b) expectation losses for Lim Contractors’ failure to sell the Premises to Mr
Shiok.

35 In the premises, the Judge said he considered it inappropriate to examine
the loss of actual or potential profits.

36 However, the fact that the Judge did depart impermissibly from the Original
Decision is not the end of the matter, as Mr Shiok contended before us. This
is because any assessment of equitable compensation in accordance with the
terms and parameters laid down in the AD Decision would also have been subject
to certain implicit, even if not explicit, limits.

37 In particular, these limits in the present case would have included the
following:

(a) Any award of compensation could only extend to the losses causally linked
to the Representations and would not properly have included losses that Mr
Shiok would have incurred in any case. Specifically:

(i) Mr Shiok would not be able to claim damages for losses incurred from being
at the Premises save to the extent that such losses were caused by the
Representations. This was what the Judge was trying to remedy and, ultimately,
_all_ that he could legitimately remedy;

(ii) It follows from this that Mr Shiok would not be able to claim damages for
losses that he would have incurred in any event regardless of whether he was
operating at the Premises or elsewhere; and

(iii) Equally, if Mr Shiok had benefits that were peculiar to being at the
Premises that he would not have had at some other premises, he would have had
to account for those benefits against any damages that he was in principle
entitled to receive from Lim Contractors.

(b) The Judge ordered that the equity would be satisfied by a remedy that was
fashioned on the basis of an award of damages. This was an order for equitable
compensation and would hence always be subject to the equitable rules that
govern the assessment of just what compensation would in the event be
_equitable_.

38 The Judge observed at [3] of the AD Decision that “[o]nce the court
determines that a proprietary estoppel claim has been established, the Court
is faced with the unusual task of fashioning an appropriate remedy to satisfy
the equity”. This much is correct, but it bears emphasis that it is the equity
that the Court aims to satisfy, rather than the claimant’s expectations (see
_Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR(R)
292 (“ _Hong Leong_ ”) at [244] citing _Jennings v Rice_ [2003] 1 P & CR 100
at 245):

The equity does not arise from the claimant’s expectations alone, but from the
combination of expectations, detrimental reliance and the unconscionableness
of allowing the [representor] to go back on the assurances.

39 The key to the Court’s response is flexibility, to ensure that the remedy
is appropriate to the equity in each case, and in this venture the Court may
consider _all_ the relevant circumstances, including considerations of
proportionality between the remedy and the detriment which is its purpose to
avoid (see _Hong Leong_ at [240] to [249]).

40 In so doing, the court will take a ‘minimalist approach’ (see _Gillett v
Holt_ [2000] 1 Ch 210 at 237):

The court’s aim is, having identified the maximum [extent of the equity], to
form a view as to what the minimum required to satisfy it and do justice
between the parties.

41 A corollary of the minimalist approach is that where the equity has been
satisfied by enjoyment and is therefore exhausted, no further remedy may lie
(see _Hong Leong_ at [249]).

42 From the foregoing authorities, the following principles may be extracted:

(a) Upon the equity arising, its value and how it should be satisfied are
matters for the Court’s discretion;

(b) In exercising this discretion, the Court should have regard to all the
circumstances, including the expectation upon which the plaintiff has acted
and the specific detriment he has suffered;

(c) In fashioning the remedy the Court must ensure proportionality between the
expectation, the detriment and the remedy;

(d) The Court must recall that its task is to satisfy the equity that it
considers has arisen. It follows that the strength of the equity will be a
relevant consideration. This is another way of looking at the “maximum extent
of the equity” which the remedy must satisfy;

(e) The Court should also be mindful of the great flexibility it has at its
disposal in fashioning the appropriate remedy. It may give effect to the
parties’ expectations (common or otherwise); or it may limit the remedy to
maintain an element of proportionality, or because it considers that the
equity has been satisfied by enjoyment or even exhausted;

(f) Subject to the above, the Court’s aim, having identified the maximum
extent of the equity, is to do the minimum required to satisfy it.

(a) See _Hong Leong_ at [240], [244] to [249] and authorities cited there.

43 We apply these principles to the assessment of damages in the present case
to the extent they have not been excluded by the determination already made by
the Judge in the Original Decision. Here, the Judge had decided that the
equity is to be satisfied by an award of compensation that has as its
overriding aim to restore Mr Shiok to the position he would be in had he not
entered into the tenancy. But in assessing this, it remained necessary for the
Court to ensure that the remedy would be proportionate and would go no further
than the minimum required to satisfy the maximum extent of the equity.

The Second Issue

44 During the hearing before us, counsel agreed that something of a broad
brush approach was appropriate in this case.

Analysis

45 The AR’s decision in our judgment serves to be a useful starting point
because he had endeavoured to assess the compensation in faithful adherence to
the various principles laid out in the Original Decision.

46 Before the AR, the parties had agreed on a two-step approach:[note: 2]

(a) First, Mr Shiok was to be restored to the position he would have been in
if he had never entered into the First Tenancy Agreement. To do this, the
expenses he actually incurred and the profits he actually enjoyed were
calculated. Based on the AR’s calculations, this yielded a net loss of
$848,443.43.

(b) Next, Mr Shiok’s position was projected on the basis of a hypothetical
2010 position in which he had not rented the Premises at all. The AR found
that in this event, Mr Shiok would nonetheless have embarked on a tool
manufacturing business, and would have rented an alternative premises of at
least 517m2, which would then have obviated the need for him to build the
mezzanine floor. But Mr Shiok would have incurred a higher rent on this
hypothesis from having to pay for larger premises. Lim Contractors provided
unchallenged evidence that the hypothetical rent would have been higher than
the rent Mr Shiok actually paid (see the AR’s decision at [41]). Having
deducted the difference in hypothetical rent and actual rent and having added
the cost of construction of the mezzanine floor to the hypothetical profits,
the AR derived a sum of $199,656.57.[note: 3] We note that the AR did not
provide any additional compensation for the loss of the chance to purchase the
Premises. This was also the Judge’s approach in the Original Decision (at
[36(b)]).We agree with this approach as to include such compensation would
have led to double counting, given that Mr Shiok was to be put in the position
of not having entered into the Tenancy Agreements at all.

(c) Adding the two sums together, the AR found that Mr Shiok was entitled to a
total sum of $1,048,100 in damages.

47 This was well and good, but the initial difficulty with the AR’s decision
is that it went on to assess damages up until 2010. In doing so, the AR did
not take into account a number of critical facts. First, the assessment
ignored the fact that all of Mr Shiok’s losses were incurred in 2009 and 2010.
This much was common ground between the parties. But by that stage, when the
losses were actually incurred by Mr Shiok, the Second Tenancy Agreement had
ended and Mr Shiok was holding over the Premises without any legal right to do
so.

48 At the point of the expiry of the Second Tenancy Agreement, Mr Shiok had
not taken any steps to enforce whatever rights he may have had under clause
3(d) of the First Tenancy Agreement. The Judge was prepared to find that what
had been contemplated under that Agreement was an option to purchase but for
the fact that both Mr Lim and Mr Shiok had testified that clause 3(d)
accurately reflected the position they had agreed on (see the Original
Decision at [26]). Clause 3(d) contained no more than a pre-emption right for
the duration of the term created under the First Tenancy Agreement. But even
taking it at its highest, an option to purchase (if that is what it in fact
was) counts for nothing if it has not been exercised by the time of its
expiry. Moreover, whatever right had been conferred under the First Tenancy
Agreement had been markedly diluted under the Second Tenancy Agreement (see
[9] to [11] above).

49 In these circumstances, it is unclear how any losses incurred by Mr Shiok
after the expiry of the lease could be for Lim Contractors’ account. While the
AR found that the Original Decision suggested that damages were to be assessed
for the period until 2010, we disagree. It is true that the Judge did say the
assessment was to cover the totality of the payments and benefits up to the
date Mr Shiok vacated the Premises. However, the Judge also said that the
overriding aim of the assessment was to restore Mr Shiok to the position he
would be in had he not entered into the two Tenancy Agreements. In our
judgment, if this was the overriding aim of the assessment, then on a proper
reading of the Original Decision the quantum of compensation could not
legitimately have extended to the losses sustained in the period beyond the
expiry of the lease.

50 If the assessment contemplated in the Original Decision had ended at the
end of 2008, by remaining at the Premises for the duration of the Tenancy and
assuming that he would have been just as successful in his business if he had
operated out of other premises, Mr Shiok’s position would indeed have been
somewhat worse than had he never leased the Premises. Although he would, on
the AR’s assessment, have incurred additional rent of $57,072 for the four
year period of the duration of the lease had he taken alternative premises,
against this he incurred a sum of $78,822.03 for the cost of installing the
mezzanine floor at the Premises. Thus in net terms, he had to spend an
additional amount of $21,750.03 by being at the Premises. It is true that Mr
Shiok in fact expended a total amount of $188,817.98 for the renovations that
he carried out at the Premises (see [16(a)] above), but he would have been
expected to incur some part of the cost of these renovations (beyond the sum
of $78,822.03 spent on constructing the mezzanine floor) at any alternative
location. However, regard should also be had to the rental paid by Mr Shiok
for the six months when he was carrying out the renovations and did not have
the use of the Premises. This amounts to $19,200. In total, he appears to have
been worse off by an amount of around $41,000 at the low end (being the
aggregate of $21,750.03 and $19,200), and around $151,000 at the high end if
the other renovation costs are factored in. However, as noted above, on no
basis would it have been appropriate to factor the full extent of the other
renovation costs.

51 Aside from the fact that the AR’s assessment included Mr Shiok’s losses
after the expiry of the Second Tenancy Agreement, there were yet other
difficulties. It was unclear for instance what effect the global financial
crisis of that time had on these losses. For instance, would Mr Shiok have
incurred these losses as a consequence of the grim global economic
circumstances in 2009 and 2010 regardless of where his business was situated?

52 Mr Shiok’s principal complaint was that his main customer Asian Electronic
Technology Pte Ltd (“Asian Electronic”) withdrew its business from Mr Shiok
because once he lost the use of the mezzanine floor in 2009, he would not have
been in a position to fulfil their orders. But Mr Shiok knew at all times that
the Second Tenancy Agreement would expire at the end of 2008, and absent a
commitment on Lim Contractors’ part to extend the lease or to sell the
Premises to him, it was incumbent on him to find alternative premises. This he
never did and in the event, **_that_** was the reason he was not in a position
after 2008 to service Asian Electronic’s requirements.

53 Over and above all this, the AR did not consider the element of
proportionality, presumably because this was not highlighted by the Judge. But
as we have earlier noted, this is always a critical consideration for the
Court in fashioning a remedy appropriate to the equity in each case. Mr Shiok
accepts that the AR did not explicitly consider the principle of
proportionality. However, he argues that a distinction should be drawn between
(i) the grant of the remedy itself (where proportionality is a relevant
consideration); and (ii) the assessment of the compensation which is to
satisfy the equity (where he contends proportionality is no longer a separate
or relevant consideration). According to Mr Shiok, the Judge must be taken to
have already considered the requirement of proportionality in fashioning the
remedy of damages on a reliance basis instead of allowing Mr Shiok to purchase
the Premises (with the effect that Mr Shiok’s expectation of purchasing the
property with the uninterrupted use of the mezzanine floor would not be
fulfilled), and on this basis it was argued that there was no further
requirement for the AR to consider proportionality at the time of assessment.

54 We reject this as illogical. The Court is _throughout_ exercised in coming
to a decision on the appropriate remedy to satisfy the equity. The _type_ of
remedy should be proportionate, and where the remedy is compensation, the
_quantum_ of the remedy must also be proportionate. There is no basis in
principle or in logic for coming to any different view. In fact, where
compensation is determined to be the appropriate remedy, the quantum of
damages will often be the issue that is of most interest to the parties. There
is no reason at all to artificially insulate this crucial aspect of the
exercise from the requirement of proportionality. Significantly, the Judge had
noted at [33] of the Original Decision that if on the assessment, “Mr Shiok
was in fact better off after the two tenancy agreements, then he would have
suffered no detriment, and justice would have been served”.

55 In coming to a view on proportionality, the following facts are relevant:

(a) The equity in this case was relatively weak to begin with. The Judge was
unsure of the terms of the representation that had been made (see the Original
Decision at [30]); and further, he considered that the equity had at least
partially been satisfied by the grant of the Second Tenancy Agreement (see the
Original Decision at [31] and [32]). The unresolved ambiguity as to the terms
of the representation is not unimportant. If the representation had been
confined to the First Tenancy Agreement, which expired without any option for
the sale of the Premises having been exercised (assuming in Mr Shiok’s favour
that this is what he had), Mr Shiok would have lost any right he had to
purchase the Premises. Significantly, as we have already observed, the terms
of the Second Tenancy Agreement were different on this point and under that
Agreement there was no longer _any_ enforceable right to purchase the Premises
since it expressly provided that the price at which any transaction would be
concluded would have to be agreed. There was no suggestion that the Second
Tenancy Agreement was vitiated in any way.

(b) Insofar as the equity rested on the representation that Mr Shiok could
purchase the Premises, aside from the foregoing facts, it is significant that
although the Judge said that he would have been prepared to find that an
option to purchase the Premises had probably been granted under the First
Tenancy Agreement (even though it had been framed as a pre-emptive right of
refusal) and further that the Mr Shiok tried to initiate discussion for the
purchase in 2006 but was delayed by Mr Lim (see the Original Decision at [15]
to [17], [26], and [29]), the fact is that while Mr Shiok had called for and
obtained a valuation report with a view to purchasing the Premises in 2005,
and even assuming he had communicated with Mr Lim to purchase the Premises in
2006, he did nothing further to assert or exercise a right of purchase.
Moreover, whatever significance may be placed on these events, the position in
favour of Mr Shiok was significantly diluted when the parties entered into the
Second Tenancy Agreement (see above at [55(a)]).

(c) Moreover, in fact, it appears that Mr Shiok was not actually in a position
to purchase a unit of the requisite size (see the AR’s decision at [12]).

(d) It is also significant that quite apart from whether Mr Shiok was able to
afford purchasing the Premises, the truth ultimately is that he would never
have proceeded with the purchase if the Premises did not come with the
mezzanine floor. This is because he needed the additional area that the
mezzanine floor provided in order to have the capacity to conduct a tool
manufacturing business. Therefore, once the mezzanine floor had to be
demolished, Mr Shiok would no longer have been interested in the purchase.

(e) Unfortunately for Mr Shiok, the mezzanine floor was as a matter of law
liable to be demolished. The decision on whether or not the mezzanine floor
was a permissible structure lay with the BCA and it was never within Lim
Contractors’ control.

(f) Had Mr Shiok somehow completed the purchase of the Premises prior to 2007
and then been required to demolish the mezzanine floor, in all likelihood he
would have been left with no remedy at all. He would still have lost Asian
Electronic as a customer, and suffered the consequential business losses. As
it transpired, he in fact enjoyed the use of the Premises with no increase in
rent for more than five years.

(g) Insofar as the equity was founded on the representation that a mezzanine
floor could be built, by October 2005 Mr Shiok was aware that there was a
problem with the mezzanine floor because the valuers he had engaged to value
the property so as to enable him to consider an offer had told him so.
Moreover, the actual amount Mr Shiok spent on the mezzanine floor was
$78,822.03; and after this expenditure, he enjoyed an extension of the lease
and then stayed on thereafter for a further period. The mezzanine floor was
eventually demolished in January 2010 and by then it had been enjoyed by Mr
Shiok for more than four years. Any equity in this regard had therefore been
significantly spent.

56 In the circumstances, we find that the sum arrived at by the AR at the end
of his assessment would have been grossly disproportionate to the strength of
Mr Shiok’s equity, the extent of his reliance, the benefits already enjoyed by
him, and the strength of any real expectation he may have had; and also having
regard to the improbability that Mr Shiok would have been in a position to
exercise any right to purchase the Premises or that it would ultimately have
suited his purpose.

57 In our judgment, having regard to both the modest scope of the maximum
extent of the equity that arose in Mr Shiok’s favour, as well as the Judge’s
decision that it was best satisfied by an award of compensation, the equity
would be satisfied by an award in Mr Shiok’s favour that amounted to 10% of
the amount assessed by the AR.

58 On this basis Mr Shiok will get a fraction of the amount assessed by the
Registrar, _viz_ , ($848,443.43 + $199,656.57) x 10% = $104,810. This also
seems reasonable having regard to the extent to which Mr Shiok’s position
really was worse off by entering into the Tenancy Agreements. The Judge
observed at [29] of the Original Decision that Mr Shiok’s actions in spending
a sum in excess of $100,000 on the renovations which took almost six months to
complete were inexplicable if all he really had was a two year term at a
monthly rent of $3,200. Other things being equal and limiting the assessment
of the extent to which he was worse off by taking the lease of the Premises up
to the end of the Second Tenancy Agreement, the extent to which Mr Shiok was
worse off is represented by a monetary value of somewhere between $40,000 and
$151,000 (see above at [50]). As against this, Mr Shiok would have incurred
some renovation costs with any other premises. Moreover he has had the benefit
of the Premises and the mezzanine floor for a period of more than four years.
Hence, the maximum possible extent of the equity in his favour that has yet to
be satisfied would be sufficiently reflected by an order for compensation in
the amount we have indicated.

59 We accordingly order Lim Contractors to pay Mr Shiok the following sums:

(a) compensation assessed at the sum of $104,810; and

(b) simple interest of 5.33% per annum to be payable on this amount from 19
August 2010, being the date of the Original Decision.

60 We also order that Lim Contractors is to pay Mr Shiok 25% of costs of the
hearing before the AR which are to be taxed if not agreed. Lim Contractors is
also to pay Mr Shiok the costs of the trial before the Judge which culminated
in the Original Decision. Save as aforesaid each party is to bear its own
costs.

61 In the result, we dismiss Mr Shiok’s appeal and partially allow Lim
Contractors’ appeal but make no order as to the costs of the appeals. Each
party is therefore to bear its own costs of the appeals.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Case (“AC”) in CA 78/2012 at para 39

[note: 2]ACB in CA 76/2012 Vol II at p 109 para 26

[note: 3]ACB in CA 76/2012 Vol II at p 115 para 44

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Jan 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

