Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ang Tin Gee _v_ Pang Teck Guan  
[2013] SGHCR 26

Case Number| :| Suit No 697 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Justin Yeo AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Lai Kwok Seng (Lai Mun Onn & Co) for the Plaintiff; Mr
Leslie Yeo Choon Hsien (Sterling Law Corporation) for the Defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ang Tin Gee — Pang Teck Guan  
  
7 November 2013|  
---|---  
  
Justin Yeo AR:

1 This court is called upon to take accounts arising out of the decision of
Belinda Ang J (“the Judge”) in _Ang Tin Gee v Pang Teck Guan_ [2011] SGHC 259
(“ _Ang Tin Gee_ ”).

Background to this matter

Background facts

2 The background facts are found in _Ang Tin Gee_ , and need only be briefly
mentioned in this judgment. Mdm Ang Tin Gee (“the Plaintiff”) and Mr Pang Teck
Guan (“the Defendant”) are partners in a business called Japco TG
International Enterprise (“Japco”). Japco was registered by the parties
sometime on or around 25 July 1996. Prior to registration, they had discussed
the terms of the partnership and an agreement governing the terms was signed
by the parties on 3 August 1996.

3 As Japco was not performing well, a business called Office Consumables
Supplies (“OCS”) was registered on 3 March 2000 by the Defendant as a sole
proprietorship. OCS served as the “selling arm” of Japco: Japco would buy
office consumable products, OCS would purchase those products from Japco and
sell them. Under this “business model”, OCS was the significant buyer of
Japco’s products. Although Japco continued to sell its products to other
customers, such third party sales formed only a small part of Japco’s revenue.
Both Japco and OCS operated from the same premises.

4 Japco’s overdrafts in two United Overseas Bank (“UOB”) accounts (_viz_ , UOB
Account No 101-XXX-XXX-3 (“UOB Account No 1”) and UOB Account No 101-XXX-XXX-1
(“UOB Account No 2”)) were the sources of funds to finance the business
operations of Japco and OCS. The Judge noted that Japco and OCS operated in a
manner in which Japco funded OCS’s start-up costs and operating expenses (_Ang
Tin Gee_ at [26]). It is common ground that Japco’s Balance Sheet and Profit
and Loss Statement for each financial year were prepared by the Defendant and
that he would give them to the Plaintiff for her tax returns (_Ang Tin Gee_ at
[27]). These arrangements continued until the parties fell out on or about 7
April 2006 (_Ang Tin Gee_ at [36] and [41]).

The decision in Ang Tin Gee

5 The Judge heard a 10-day trial of the action (7-9, 14-17, 21-22 March 2011
and 3 May 2011), and rendered an 80-page judgment, which included two detailed
schedules setting out (a) the difference between the sales of Japco and the
purchases of OCS from September 2000 to 7 April 2006 (“Schedule 1”) and (b)
OCS’s profit and loss accounts for the same period (“Schedule 2”). In summary,
the Judge made the following orders in the last paragraph of the judgment, of
which only order (1) was the subject of the present taking of accounts (_Ang
Tin Gee_ at [150]):

(1) I find in favour of the plaintiff and make the following orders:

a) A declaration that the plaintiff and defendant were equal partners of
Japco;

b) An order that the defendant renders an account to the plaintiff of OCS’s
operating expenses from 26 March 2002 to 31 December 2006 that were paid by
Japco but not repaid or reimbursed by OCS;

c) An order for payment by the defendant to Japco of all moneys found to have
paid by [Japco] for OCS’s operating expenses on the taking of such account
ordered in para (b) hereof;

d) An order that the defendant renders an account to the plaintiff of OCS’s
gross profits from 26 March 2002 to 31 December 2006;

e) An order that the defendant renders an account to the plaintiff of OCS’s
net profits from 26 March 2002 to 31 December 2006 on the taking of such
account ordered in paras (b) & (d) hereof;

f) An order for payment by the defendant to Japco of all net profits of OCS on
the taking of such account ordered in para (e) hereof;

g) That to give effect to the dissolution of the partnership there be a final
accounting between the plaintiff and defendant as partners of Japco on the
assets and liabilities of the partnership including what is due between the
partners, and in doing so to take into account the plaintiff’s capital
contribution;

h) Costs in relation to the taking of accounts and the issue of interest are
to be reserved to the Registrar taking the accounts; and

i) There shall be liberty to apply.

(2) I further declare that the plaintiff is entitled to a contribution from
the defendant of a half share in any sum she may be liable to pay UOB in
respect of UOB Account No 1 and UOB Account No 2.

(3) The defendant’s counterclaim is dismissed.

(4) The defendant is to pay the plaintiff costs of the action and counterclaim
to be taxed if not agreed.

Procedural Overview

6 The taking of accounts in this case involved a complex accounting exercise
which required six days of trial across two tranches. Each side had one
factual witness (_ie_ the parties themselves) and one expert witness. The
expert witnesses, Ms Chan Wing Yan (“Ms Chan”) for the Plaintiff and Mr Cheng
Soon Keong (“Mr Cheng”) for the Defendant, are experienced Certified Public
Accountants. Each expert witness had put in an expert’s report prior to the
first tranche of trial (“Ms Chan’s First Report” and “Mr Cheng’s Report”
respectively).

7 At the first tranche of trial, counsel for the Defendant, Mr Leslie Yeo (“Mr
Yeo”) had substantially cross-examined Ms Chan on her First Report, when
counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Lai Kwok Seng (“Mr Lai”), applied for leave for
Ms Chan to file a supplementary affidavit to clarify certain matters that had
arisen in the course of cross-examination. Although Mr Yeo objected to the
filing of the fresh affidavit, he recognised that Ms Chan’s position appeared
– after cross-examination – to be very close to the Defendant’s position. As
such, he noted that the possibility of settlement was increased by the
prospect of Ms Chan putting in a fresh supplementary affidavit. Ms Chan
indicated that she would need one month to put in the supplementary affidavit.
The supplementary affidavit was eventually filed on 18 February 2013. It
enclosed a supplementary report prepared by Ms Chan (“Ms Chan’s Second
Report”). At the hearing on 21 February 2013, Mr Yeo sought leave for Mr Cheng
to file a reply affidavit to reply to matters in Ms Chan’s Second Report. Mr
Lai agreed that Mr Cheng should have an opportunity to do so. However, no
reply affidavit was filed in the end. At the hearing on 27 March 2013, Mr Yeo
confirmed that having had further discussions with Mr Cheng, he had come to
the view that a reply affidavit was not necessary. Mr Yeo instead filed
written submissions and sought to challenge Ms Chan’s Second Report for going
beyond the scope of the leave granted by the court. Mr Lai maintained that he
was not in a position to respond to Mr Yeo’s arguments at that hearing without
input from Ms Chan, and that he would need time to consider the technical
accounting points raised by Mr Yeo (who, it should be added, had formulated
his arguments with the benefit of Mr Cheng’s advice over a period of more than
one month). As such, a further adjournment was sought, resulting in the second
tranche of trial eventually resuming in late April 2013.

8 At the second tranche of trial, Mr Lai raised a preliminary issue of _res
judicata_ and/or issue estoppel regarding certain responses given by Mr Cheng
during cross-examination. I reserved my decision on _res judicata_ and/or
issue estoppel at that stage in view that the parties’ experts were already
before me and the cross-examination of Ms Chan had already been completed. The
fact that the cross-examination of Mr Cheng was permitted to proceed thus
would not preclude me from deciding that the evidence he gave was inadmissible
and/or irrelevant to the taking of accounts on the grounds of _res judicata_
and/or issue estoppel. After four days of trial in the second tranche, parties
sought time to consider the notes of evidence before putting in their
submissions. Given the complexity of the matter and the undeniably poor state
of Japco’s and OCS’s accounts, much time was needed for the parties and their
respective experts to unravel the accounts and formulate their submissions. I
ordered the submissions to be exchanged sequentially (with the Defendant going
first) rather than simultaneously, so as to ensure that parties crossed swords
on the relevant issues in the submissions. The parties eventually required a
total of four months to put in one set of submissions and reply submissions
each.

9 At the hearing on 23 October 2013, I indicated to Mr Yeo and Mr Lai that I
was minded to grant them a final opportunity to seek the Judge’s clarification
of _Ang Tin Gee_ prior to the rendering of this judgment. This is because in
the respective written submissions, they had fundamentally disagreed on the
interpretation of _Ang Tin Gee_ , and this fundamental disagreement had an
important impact on the issue of _res judicata_ and/or issue estoppel. In this
regard, it should be noted that the Judge had expressly granted parties the
liberty to apply (see [150(1)(i)] of _Ang Tin Gee_).

10 However, both Mr Yeo and Mr Lai indicated that they did not intend to seek
any clarification from the Judge. Although they substantially disagreed on the
ambit of the Judge’s order, they were both of the view that the decision in
_Ang Tin Gee_ was clearly in favour of their respective interpretations. They
expressed a preference for me to render my decision first, and that they would
take whatever consequences flowed from electing for this course of action. I
therefore rendered this judgment on 7 November 2013.

Issues before this court

11 Pursuant to [150(1)] of _Ang Tin Gee_ , this court had to make the
following determinations:

(a) The amount paid by Japco for OCS’s operating expenses from 26 March 2002
to 31 December 2006 (“the Relevant Period”) that was not repaid or reimbursed
by OCS (“the Operating Expenses Issue”);

(b) The amount of OCS’s gross and net profits for the Relevant Period (“the
Profits Issue”); and

(c) The final accounting between the Plaintiff and Defendant as partners of
Japco on the assets and liabilities of the partnership including what is due
between the partners, taking into account the Plaintiff’s capital contribution
(“the Final Accounting Issue”).

12 However, before turning to determine the above issues, I pause to make some
preliminary observations on the expert evidence.

The expert evidence

13 I found both experts to be credible and experienced professionals who
provided their genuine professional opinions to the court. Although the
methods they employed differed and they expressed differences of opinion, most
of these differences stemmed from the significant amount of missing source
documents in this case, as well as the different starting points that they had
been instructed to adopt (which were, in turn, based on the respective
parties’ interpretation of _Ang Tin Gee_). I elaborate on both points.

Missing source documents

14 There was a significant amount of missing source documents in this
accounting exercise. In Ms Chan’s First Report, she noted that the following
documents were missing or incomplete:

i) OCS and Japco’s general ledger or accounting books including cash book,
sales and purchases records, payment vouchers, cash transactions, _etc_ ;

ii) Japco’s balance sheet as at 31 December 2006;

ii) [_sic_] supporting documents for OCS and Japco sales for FY 2002 to FY
2005 (FY 2006 sales invoices were incomplete);

iii) supporting documents for OCS and Japco operating expenses for FY 2002 to
FY 2005 (FY 2006 supporting documents for expenses were incomplete);

iv) bank statements of Japco and OCS from 31 March 2002 to 31 December 2004.

15 Similarly, Mr Cheng noted that the following key information and documents
were not furnished:

a) Japco’s balance sheet as at 31 December 2006,

b) OCS and Japco invoices for FY 2002 to 2005 (ie only 2006 sales invoices and
purchase invoices were made available),

c) documents or supports for FY 2002 to 2005 operating expenses shown in the
financial statements of Japco and OCS submitted to IRAS,

d) remainder of FY 2006 supporting documents for operating expenses (ie
documents furnished are insufficient to support the operating expenses figures
shown in the FY 2006 profit and loss statements furnished to IRAS),

e) bank statements of Japco and OCS for the period from 31 March 2002 to 31
December 2004, and

f) OCS and Japco’s accounting records including books for recording
transactions, cash books, general ledgers etc to show the accounting entries,
balances and details of sales, purchases, payments and receipts transactions.

16 In view of the limitation of information, Ms Chan took the position that
the financial statements submitted to the Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore (“IRAS”) were the best alternative documents to be used in support
of her computations, for the following reasons:[note: 1]

(a) The financial statements submitted to IRAS would have, under normal
circumstances, been submitted within 4.5 months of the respective financial
year-ends (_ie_ by 15 April of the respective years) and therefore should have
been based on some source documents which were probably still on hand with the
Defendant at that time; and

(b) Taxpayers have an obligation of voluntary disclosure if they discover
material errors in the financial statements which were submitted to IRAS. No
such disclosure has been made by the Defendant except as noted by an IRAS
officer in a letter dated 27 October 2006 on an incorrect calculation of
depreciation.

17 Mr Cheng, on the other hand, adopted the following approach in determining
the accounts:

(a) With regard to the sales, cost of sales and gross profits, Mr Cheng based
these on the figures shown in Japco and OCS financial statements furnished
that were submitted to IRAS for financial year (“FY”) 2002 to 2006.[note: 2]
As Mr Cheng only had supporting documents for FY 2006, he attempted to
ascertain the consistency of the supporting documents with the amount
submitted to IRAS in FY 2006. He thereafter compared the FY 2006 figures with
that for the preceding years, for the purpose of observing the comparability
of the figures reported for each year and to obtain a sense of whether the
trends established reflected what the Defendant believed to be the appropriate
sales and cost figures.

(b) With regard to operating expenses, due to the limitation of information
and the lack of explanation for fluctuations in operating expenses of the
financial statements submitted to IRAS, Mr Cheng took the view that it would
be prudent to present only the operating expenses that could be reasonably
supported by computation or information furnished.[note: 3]

Different starting points

18 With regard to the different starting points that the experts had been
instructed to adopt, Ms Chan had been instructed to adhere to the decision in
_Ang Tin Gee_ by assuming that certain findings of the Judge were not to be
revisited or contradicted at the taking of accounts. Indeed, she answered
certain questions in cross-examination by stating that some of her conclusions
were made, not based on her independent taking of accounts, but rather, in
reliance on certain findings in _Ang Tin Gee_.

19 In contrast, Mr Cheng preferred to approach the taking of accounts, in the
words of Mr Yeo, “purely on the accounts” and based on his professional
opinion as an accountant.[note: 4] The following passage from the cross-
examination of Mr Cheng illustrates this point:[note: 5]

Court: |  So … you disagreed with [the Judge’s] computation as well as some of the statements that she had made because you had a different way of analysing it as a professional?  
---|---  
A: |  Yes, Your Honour.  
… |   
Court: |  I also think that it is well established that … everybody here was looking at the same documents.  
A: |  Mm.  
Court: |  And Justice Ang came up with version A but you think that that is probably not correct. You are entitled to that because you are a professional.  
A: |  Yes, Your Honour.  
  
  

20 Mr Cheng adopted this approach because he had been instructed that his
expert opinion only needed to be consistent with [150] of _Ang Tin Gee_ and
not necessarily with the rest of the judgment. As Mr Yeo clarified during the
cross-examination of Mr Cheng, Mr Cheng had been instructed to look at the
“four paragraph judgment” at [150] of _Ang Tin Gee_ rather than the rest of
the judgment:[note: 6]

Yeo:And---but even after having given us your indication, Your Honour, my---my
learned friend has not referred so far to what I will call the _four paragraph
judgment of Justice Ang_ … which is paragraph 1 comprising of (a) to … (i),
paragraph 2, paragraph 3 and paragraph 4. Instead he chooses to look at the
Judgment as being a 149 paragraph. So we---as far as _my instructions to Mr
Cheng_ is concerned, is look at the Judgment. And as far as we are concerned,
_the Judgment is paragraph 1 to 4_.

[emphasis added]

21 I now turn to address the issues set out in [11] above.

The Operating Expenses Issue

22 The Judge ordered the Defendant to render an account of OCS’s operating
expenses for the Relevant Period that were paid by Japco but not repaid or
reimbursed by OCS (_Ang Tin Gee_ at [150(1)(b)]), and that the Defendant pay
to Japco all of such monies (_Ang Tin Gee_ at [150(1)(c)]).

23 Based on the evidence before the Judge at trial, the Judge derived the
figure of $394,012.74 as OCS’s operating expenses paid for by Japco for the
period September 2000 to 7 April 2006 (see Schedule 2). It should be noted
that this period largely overlaps with the Relevant Period. As such,
conceptually, the approach to be taken would be to exclude the accounts for
year 2000 to 25 March 2002, and to include the accounts from 8 April 2006 to
31 December 2006 (see also [69] below).

The expert evidence on the Operating Expenses Issue

24 As alluded to in [16]-[17] above, both experts took different approaches
towards calculating OCS’s operating expenses for the Relevant Period.

Ms Chan’s approach

25 In Ms Chan’s First Report, Ms Chan found the operating expenses of OCS for
the Relevant Period to be $393,050.96.[note: 7] In Ms Chan’s Second Report,
she totalled the operating expenses of OCS from 26 March 2002 to 7 April 2006
(instead of 31 December 2006), and obtained a figure of $336,171.87. However,
she noted that the salaries of OCS employees for December 2005 and from 1
January 2006 to 7 April 2006 were paid directly from OCS’s bank account as
reflected in the bank statements. As such, she deducted the amount of $11,170
and $16,622 for OCS’s payment of salaries for those periods.[note: 8] She also
noted that based on the landlord’s statement of accounts, the amount of
$2,010.59 in rent was borne by OCS. As such, she derived a figure of
$306,369.28 (being $336,171.87 less the sum of $11,170, $16,622 and $2,010.59)
for the Relevant Period.[note: 9]

26 Mr Lai was keen to emphasise that Ms Chan’s findings in the Second Report
(which arguably deviated from the decision in _Ang Tin Gee_) were made merely
for the sake of completeness, pursuant to questions raised by Mr Yeo in the
first tranche of cross-examination. In Mr Lai’s view, all the inquiry court
was tasked to do pursuant to _Ang Tin Gee_ was to work in reliance on Schedule
2 to make a finding on the amount of OCS’s expenses for the Relevant Period,
and that this must be the amount repaid to Japco. As such, Mr Lai concluded in
his written submissions that given the Judge’s finding that Japco had borne
_all_ of OCS’s operating expenses, the Defendant had to account to Japco for
the amount of $393,050.96.

Mr Cheng’s approach

27 Mr Cheng approached the question of OCS’s operating expenses from a
different angle. He began by finding $235,568.00 to be the “common expenses”
(_ie_ expenses shared by Japco and OCS) but paid for by Japco. He proceeded to
apportion the amount that OCS ought to repay for the operating expenses by
using a percentage of contribution of OCS and Japco to the total gross profit
of the two entities (which, in Mr Cheng’s view, would be computed in the OCS-
Japco ratio of 59:41), resulting in $138,985.00 being the amount that the
Defendant had to account to Japco. As an aside, Mr Cheng added that in
addition to the $138,985.00 that OCS had to account to Japco, OCS had its own
operating expenses of $310,304.00. In other words, the necessary conclusion of
Mr Cheng’s approach is that OCS’s overall operating expenses for the Relevant
Period amounted to $449,289.00 (being $138,985.00 plus $310,304.00). I would
note, at the outset, that the approach taken by Mr Cheng on determining OCS’s
share of operating expenses – _viz_ looking to common expenses and
apportioning them in the ratio 59:41 – did not appear consonant with the
methodology adopted by and the findings of the Judge.

28 Mr Cheng then went on to suggest that OCS had made regular payments to
Japco for its purchases from 26 March 2002 to 28 December 2006, which totalled
$4,542,218.00.[note: 10] However, he verified only the payments in 2005 and
2006, as OCS’s and Japco’s bank statements for FY 2002 to FY 2004 were not
furnished. Cheng claimed that as the total purchases made by OCS amounted to
$4,370,925.00, there had been an excess of payments over purchases of
$171,293.00 (being $4,542,218.00 less $4,370,925).[note: 11] After deducting
other payments for fund transfer from OCS to Japco (totalling $11,110.00) as
these payments were not for purchases or operating expenses, Mr Cheng
submitted that the excess payments totalling $160,183.00 in fact constituted
payment for OCS’s share of operating expenses. He further claimed that given
that the amount of excess payment ($160,183.00) exceeded the amount of OCS’s
share of operating expenses ($138,985.00), OCS had already more than paid for
its share of the operating expenses, and therefore that no further payment to
Japco would be required.[note: 12]

Preliminary issue: res judicata and/or issue estoppel

29 As mentioned at [8] above, Mr Lai raised the preliminary issue of _res
judicata_ and/or issue estoppel at the second tranche. Mr Lai repeatedly
emphasised that the figures provided by the Defendant and/or Mr Cheng should
not be considered if they contradicted the figures or findings made by the
Judge in _Ang Tin Gee_. The issue that arose was therefore whether the
Defendant was precluded, on the grounds of _res judicata_ and/or issue
estoppel, from revisiting certain findings of the Judge (“the Preliminary
Issue”)

30 There were three key areas on which the Preliminary Issue was contested, as
follows:

(a) First, the figures stated in Schedules 1 and 2 of _Ang Tin Gee_ , and
whether these figures were binding on the inquiry court.

(b) Second, the finding of the Judge that Japco had completely funded OCS’s
start-up costs and operating expenses (see [26], [28], [69], [70], [71], [79]
and [103] of _Ang Tin Gee_), and whether this finding was binding on the
inquiry court. As it is important to note the precise findings made by the
Judge, the relevant extracts from the mentioned paragraphs are reproduced
here:

26 … This is consistent with the plaintiff’s position that their agreement was
that **_Japco would fund the start-up costs and the operating expenses of
OCS_**. The **_defendant did not refute this allegation_**. Interestingly, the
**_defendant admitted in cross-examination that Japco had funded OCS’s start-
up costs and operating expenses_** , and Japco paid the suppliers upfront. …

…

28 … How the **_defendant’s admission that Japco funded OCS’s start-up costs
and operating expenses_** affects his defence will also be discussed later.

…

69 … In my judgment, this defence is disingenuous. **_It is an attempt to blur
the reality of the situation that for close to six years the office consumer
business conducted in OCS was a component of the partnership business with
Japco providing the funding. The unassailable fact evidence that the defendant
made used of Japco’s resources, funds and bank overdrafts for the business of
OCS without repaying those operating expenses through OCS’s sales receipts
which were retained by the defendant_**. The upshot of this defence, if true,
is that the defendant had wrongfully misappropriated Japco’s moneys and that
he would be liable to the partnership for the moneys taken. Again, even if
this defence is sustainable, the only reasonable interpretation that one can
put on the overall evidence is that the defendant had not been completely open
with the plaintiff in the management and control of the business activities of
both entities, and that the defendant’s conduct in his dealings with the
plaintiff was calculated to put the plaintiff off the scent that **_OCS’s
business operations was entirely funded for free by Japco_**. …

…

70 **_I find that there is unassailable evidence that the office consumables
business conducted in OCS was a component of the partnership business with
Japco providing the funding_** for the following reasons: first, **_Japco
completely, funded OCS’s start-up costs and operations_** ; second, the manner
in which capital was injected into OCS and in which its purchases and stocks
were financed; third, the state of documentation between the parties.

…

71 On the first point, **_the defendant conceded that Japco completely funded
OCS’s start-up costs and all its operations, from rental expenses, season
parking, utilities bills, telephone and fax expenses, OCS’s business brochures
and calendars and name cards, to even the smallest expense such as the supply
of distilled water in OCS’s office_**. Despite this admission, there were
times when the defendant tried to change his testimony. …

…

79 In addition to the two main points above (ie, the arrangements by which
Japco purchased supplies and sold them on to OCS and **_the fact that Japco
funded OCS in every single aspect of its operations_**), there is plenty of
other evidence that shows that Japco and OCS operated as partnership
businesses. …

…

103 It is important to note that other than for OCS’s payment of purchases
(the exact quantum is not proven), **_the start-up costs and yearly operating
expenses of OCS were paid by Japco and not by OCS_**. Yet, OCS disclosed in
the Profit & Loss Statements for the period 2000 to 2006 operating expenses
incurred by the business such as salaries, CPF, rental and other miscellaneous
expenses that amounted to a sum of $394,012.74 (see Schedule 2 of this
Judgment). To this end, as between the plaintiff and the defendant, **_it is
reasonable to conclude, since the expenses were not paid by OCS_** , the
entity’s profits were in reality, the gross profits which he took for himself.
…

[emphasis added in bold italics; footnotes omitted]

(c) Third, the dismissal by the Judge of the counterclaim relating to OCS’s
alleged overpayment for purchases from Japco (see [101] and [132]-[136] of
_Ang Tin Gee_), and whether the Defendant could re-assert at the taking of
accounts that (i) OCS had overpaid for purchases from Japco, and (ii) that
these repayments constituted payment for OCS’s operating expenses. The
relevant extracts from the mentioned paragraphs are reproduced here:

101 As stated earlier …, Mr Yeo for the defendant argues that Japco did not
finance OCS. To repeat, his reasoning is as follows: for those years that OCS
was behind in the payments, he agrees that Japco financed OCS; however, at the
end of the day, OCS had overpaid Japco (based on the Defendant’s Table) and as
such Japco did not finance OCS. I make two comments here. Mr Yeo’s submissions
do not address the defendant’s admission that Japco paid for the start-up
costs and operating expenses of OCS (see above …). Second, Mr Yeo’s
submissions, at best, are directed at OCS’s purchases. I have already
commented on the unreliability of the Defendant’s Table on the amount of
purchases and the amount of payments

…

132 As stated above …, the Defendant’s Table documented these alleged
overpayments from OCS to Japco between 1996 and 2006. I have already commented
on the discrepancies in the figures presented in the Defendant’s Table.
Significantly, **_these claims for overpayment were never reflected
anywhere_** , for example, in (i) the 30 March 2006 Statement; or (ii)
subsequent meetings held to discuss Japco’s winding up of its business.

133 More crucially, as established above …, there are no invoices pertaining
to OCS’s purchases from Japco, so **_the purchase figures in the Defendant’s
Table are completely without support_**. When asked in re-examination how he
arrived at these figures, the defendant’s explanation was incomprehensible,
even to his own counsel.

134 ** _The defendant therefore had no evidence at all that he or OCS had made
overpayments for goods bought from Japco_**. Indeed, as held above … in
relation to the plaintiff’s action for an account, **_it is not even clear
whether OCS paid Japco for all the goods Japco purchased on its behalf_**.

135 Even more egregiously, it was demonstrated at several points during cross-
examination that several cheques referred to by the defendant as evidence of
OCS’s overpayment to Japco were  _not even OCS cheques but cheques from third
parties._

136 I therefore **_dismiss this counterclaim as well_**.

[footnotes omitted; emphasis in original, emphasis added in bold italics]

Parties’ Arguments

31 On the Preliminary Issue, Mr Yeo attempted to draw a distinction between
what he referred to as the “four paragraph judgment” at [150] of _Ang Tin Gee_
and the body of the judgment itself. According to Mr Yeo, only [150] of _Ang
Tin Gee_ was binding on the inquiry court. Mr Yeo submitted that in order to
decide whether there should be an order for accounts and inquiries, the
Plaintiff had to establish at trial that there was a _prima facie_ case that
there are discrepancies in the partnership accounts and therefore that
accounts had to be taken.[note: 13] He further argued that the findings in
_Ang Tin Gee_ were relevant to establishing the _prima facie_ case, but that
the Defendant should not be bound by the figures decided by the Judge in _Ang
Tin Gee_ , for the following related reasons:

(a) First, the Judge was not required to make a decision on the actual
accounts and did not have the relevant expert evidence to enable the Judge to
do so.[note: 14] As such, the Judge had not made a finding on the accounts, as
a finding on the accounts was the responsibility of the inquiry court;[note:
15]

(b) Second, the Judge had ordered for accounts to be taken by the inquiry
court, on the terms stated in [150] of _Ang Tin Gee_. The figures in the other
parts of _Ang Tin Gee_ should not be adopted as it would make a mockery of the
accounting exercise.[note: 16] If the Judge’s findings were treated as
“conclusive”, it would no longer be necessary for the present taking of
accounts;

(c) Third, [150(1)(b)] of _Ang Tin Gee_ stipulates that the account would be
for operating expenses “that were paid by Japco but not repaid or reimbursed
by OCS”; as such, the Defendant should be entitled to revisit, at the taking
of accounts, the amounts paid by Japco and the amounts repaid or reimbursed by
OCS.

32 In summary, therefore, Mr Yeo accepted that while the Judge’s order in
[150] of _Ang Tin Gee_ was _res judicata_ given that the Defendant had not
filed any appeal against the decision, he was nonetheless entitled to revisit
the figures and findings of the Judge at the taking of accounts stage, because
the figures and findings utilised by the Judge were not meant to be conclusive
on the issue of accounts.[note: 17]

33 Mr Lai disagreed entirely with Mr Yeo. He raised two main arguments in this
regard:

(a) First, the Defendant was trying to _revisit_ issues that had been
previously determined. Mr Lai pointed out (i) that Mr Cheng had admitted that
the version of accounts he presented was based on professional opinion and
“common sense”, rather than on the findings of the Judge in the _Ang Tin Gee_
;[note: 18] and (ii) that Mr Yeo had categorically stated, in response to a
question from this court, that the Judge’s “conclusion is wrong… [b]ecause she
relied on inaccurate figures”. Based on these points, Mr Lai argued that the
Defendant was trying to “start the matter afresh” and “re-open issues that had
already been determined between the parties at a 10-day trial of
action”.[note: 19] In Mr Lai’s view, the doctrine of _res judicata_ and/or
issue estoppel precluded the Defendant from doing so.

(b) Second, the Defendant was trying to _appeal_ against _Ang Tin Gee_ through
the backdoor.[note: 20] Mr Lai submitted that Mr Cheng was trying to overturn
the decision of the Judge with his professional opinion.[note: 21] In Mr Lai’s
view, if Mr Cheng or the Defendant felt that the Judge had rendered the
decision in _Ang Tin Gee_ based on inaccurate financial statements which
resulted in a wrong decision, the Defendant ought to have appealed against the
decision instead of proceeding to the taking of accounts.[note: 22]

34 Relying on the above, Mr Lai argued that the inquiry court did not have the
jurisdiction to revisit findings made by the Judge. He also emphasised that
“the inquiry court does not sit as the Court of Appeal”.[note: 23] In this
regard, Mr Lai cited the recent Court of Appeal decision of _Lim Chin San
Contractors Pte Ltd v Shiok Kim Seng (trading as IKO Precision Toolings) and
another appeal_ [2013] SGCA 6 (“ _Lim Chin San_ ”) as well as an earlier
authority _Lim Teck Cheng v Wyno Marine Pte Ltd (in liquidation)_ [1999] SGCA
74 (“ _Lim Teck Cheng_ ”).

The law

(1) Brief overview on the doctrine of _res judicata_

35 The law discourages re-litigation of the same issues except by means of an
appeal (_Arthur JS Hall v Simmons, Barratt v Ansell (t/a Seddon (a firm)_),
_Harris v Scholfield Roberts & Hill (a firm)_ [2000] 1 AC 615 at 701 _per_
Lord Hoffmann; and see _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 12 (Butterworths
LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2009) at para 1166). The rationale is straightforward: it
is not in the interests of justice that there should either be a re-trial of a
case potentially resulting in conflicting judicial decisions, or that there
should be collateral challenges to judicial decisions. Indeed, there is a
danger, not only of unfairness of the parties concerned, but also the broader
problem of bringing the administration of justice into disrepute. The doctrine
of _res judicata_ has been used to address these problems.

36 In _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“ _Goh Nellie_ ”),
Menon JC (as he then was) provided a thorough and instructive exposition on
the doctrine of _res judicata_ and its three conceptually distinct principles
(_viz_ , “cause of action estoppel”, “issue estoppel” and “abuse of process”).
In the present case, the relevant _res judicata_ principle is that of issue
estoppel.

(2) Issue estoppel

37 Issue estoppel prevents the re-litigation of an issue which the court has
already determined on the merits in previous proceedings between the same
parties (_Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong (Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan
Foreign Trade Co Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“
_Wing Joo Loong_ ”) at [165]). In _Goh Nellie_ at [18], Menon JC adopted the
elaboration provided by Diplock LJ (as he then was) in _Thoday v Thoday_
[1964] P 181:

‘[I]ssue estoppel,’ is an extension of the same rule of public policy. … If in
litigation upon one such cause of action any of such separate issues as to
whether a particular condition has been fulfilled is determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction, either upon evidence or upon admission by a party to
the litigation, neither party can, in subsequent litigation between one
another upon any cause of action which depends upon the fulfilment of the
identical condition, assert that the condition was fulfilled if the court has
in the first litigation determined that it was not, or deny that it was
fulfilled if the court in the first litigation determined that it was.

38 In _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation of Strata Title
Plan No 301_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 at [14] (also cited in _Wing Joo Loong_ at
[165]), the Court of Appeal held that four requirements must be fulfilled
before issue estoppel may be established:

(a) First, there must be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits of the
issue which is said to be the subject of an estoppel (“Requirement (A)”);

(b) Second, the judgment must be by a court of competent jurisdiction
(“Requirement (B)”);

(c) Third, the parties in the two actions that are being compared must be
identical (“Requirement (C)”); and

(d) Fourth, there must be identity of subject matter in those two actions
(“Requirement (D)”).

39 As Requirements (B) and (C) are not in contention in the present case, I
need only elaborate on Requirements (A) and (D). I thereafter turn to analyse
the two Court of Appeal cases cited by Mr Lai.

(A) Requirement (A): Final and conclusive judgment on the merits of the issue
which is said to be the subject of an estoppel

40 Requirement (A) provides that there must be a final and conclusive judgment
on the merits of the issue which is said to be the subject of an estoppel.
This principle applies also to subsequent proceedings in the same suit, such
as in the present case. In _Manganmal Jhamatmal Lalwani v NE Vickerama_ [1999]
3 SLR(R) 149 (“ _Manganmal_ ”), Rajendran J followed Diplock LJ’s approach in
_Fidelitas Shipping Co Ltd v V/O Exportchleb_ [1966] 1 QB 630 (“ _Fidelitas_
”) at 642C-D, _viz_ that:

[w]here the issue separately determined is not decisive of the suit, the
judgment upon that issue is an interlocutory judgment and the suit continues.
Yet I take it to be too clear to need citation of authority that the parties
to the suit are bound by the determination of the issue. **_They cannot
subsequently in the same suit advance argument or adduce further evidence
directed to showing that the issue was wrongly determined_**. [emphasis added]

41 A further extract from _Fidelitas_ , not cited in _Manganmal_ , provides
further elaboration (_Fidelitas_ at 642E-F):

This is but an example of a specific application of the general rule of public
policy, _nemo debet bis vexari pro una et eadem causa_ [which means no one
shall be harassed twice for the same cause]. The determination of the issue
between the parties gives rise to what I ventured to call in _Thoday v.
Thoday_ an "issue estoppel." It operates in subsequent suits between the same
parties in which the same issue arises. _A fortiori_** _it operates in any
subsequent proceedings in the same suit in which the issue has been
determined_**. [emphasis added]

42 It is clear from the above that issue estoppel may arise when a particular
issue has been determined by a court at the liability stage of a bifurcated
trial (see also the two Court of Appeal decisions at [44] _et seq_). The
important question, however, remains that of the precise issues that have been
determined by the liability court. This is because issue estoppel “cannot
begin to be established unless it can be ascertained with some degree of
precision what it was that the dominant judgment… decided” (_Wing Joo Loong_
at [169], citing _Turner v London Transport Executive_ [1977] ICR 952 at 966).

(B) Requirement (D): identity of subject matter with prior decision

43 Under Requirement (D), the subject matter of the two actions being compared
must be identical. _Goh Nellie_ identified three “discrete conceptual strands”
which could be considered in determining whether Requirement (D) is fulfilled:

(a) First, the prior decision _must traverse the same ground_ as that in the
subsequent proceeding, and the facts and circumstances giving rise to the
earlier decision must not have changed (_Wing Joo Loong_ at [167], citing _Goh
Nellie_ at [34]).

(b) Second, the previous determination in question must have been fundamental
and not merely collateral to the previous decision (_Wing Joo Loong_ at [167],
citing _Goh Nellie_ at [35]). The court should adopt a “commonsensical
perspective” in ascertaining whether the question was fundamental to the
previous decision, “balancing between the important public interest in
securing finality and in ensuring that the same issues are not repeatedly
litigated on one hand, and on the other, the private interest in not
foreclosing a litigant from arguing an issue which, in substance, was not the
central issue decided by a previous court” (_Goh Nellie_ at [37]).

(c) Third, the issue which is said to be the subject of an estoppel “should be
shown in fact to have been raised and argued” (_Wing Joo Loong_ at [167],
citing _Goh Nellie_ at [38]). The relevant principle is that where the issue
has in fact been directly covered by the earlier decision, it will be caught
by issue estoppel (_Goh Nellie_ at [41]).

(C) The decisions of _Lim Chin San_ and _Lim Teck Cheng_

44 Two Court of Appeal decisions, _viz_ the decisions of _Lim Chin San_ and
_Lim Teck Cheng_ , deal expressly with the proposition that the assessing
court and/or the inquiry court in a bifurcated trial is bound, by the
principle of issue estoppel, from re-visiting findings of the court. Each of
these decisions will be analysed in turn.

45 In _Lim Chin San_ , the Court of Appeal was concerned with a situation
where the High Court had made a finding at the liability stage but
subsequently departed from its decision at the assessment stage. In brief, in
the initial liability decision of _Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd v Shiok
Kim Seng_ [2011] 1 SLR 433 (“ _Lim Chin San (Liability)_ ”), the High Court
found that a proprietary estoppel arose on the facts and that an award of
damages would be appropriate, leaving the quantum of the equitable
compensation to be assessed by the assessing court. As neither party appealed
against _Lim Chin San (Liability)_ , it was no longer open to any party to
challenge the High Court’s finding that an equity had arisen in favour of one
of the parties (_Lim Chin San_ at [14]). At the assessment stage, the High
Court departed from the reliance-based approach it had ordered in _Lim Chin
San (Liability)_ , instead opting to assess damages based on reliance losses
(for the money spent by the respondent) and expectation losses (for the
appellant’s failure to sell certain premises to the respondent).

46 The Court of Appeal in _Lim Chin San_ reiterated, at [22], the High Court
decision of _Ho Yew Weng Alan James v Poh Eng Wah Mark t/a SG Vehicles
Trading_ [1997] SGHC 179, which states as follows:

… The registrar must _assess the damages in accordance with the terms of the
judgment_. He _cannot disregard the judgment_ and the assessment of damages is
_not an occasion for him to set it aside or vary it in any way_. … [emphasis
added]

47 The Court of Appeal also cited, at [23], _Singapore Court Practice 2009_
(Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009) at para 37/1-6/8:

Issues of liability are regarded as having been determined and _will not be
revisited_ at the hearing of the assessment of damages … the registrar must
_assess the damages in the context of the judgment_. He is _not at liberty to
vary or modify the judgment in any way_ … . [emphasis added]

48 The Court of Appeal found that, on the facts of the case, there was a
“prior binding pronouncement on the approach that was to be taken in the
assessment” (_Lim Chin San_ at [33]). The Court of Appeal also found that the
High Court had departed impermissibly from the terms of _Lim Chin San
(Liability)_ , which was “ _res judicata_ and the Judge was bound by it” (_Lim
Chin San_ at [30]). In this regard, although the Court of Appeal did not
specify which of the three distinct _res judicata_ principles applied, it
appears that the Court of Appeal was relying on the issue estoppel principle.

49 It should be noted that _Lim Chin San_ concerned a trial bifurcated into
liability and assessment of damages tranches, rather than a taking of accounts
scenario (as in the present case). Nonetheless, Mr Lai argued that reasoning
by analogy, the principles enunciated in _Lim Chin San_ were applicable to the
present case. I note, however, that there is a potential distinction between
_Lim Chin San_ and the present case. In _Lim Chin San (Liability)_ , the High
Court had set out the precise _measure_ of assessment of damages in clear
terms. As such, the Court of Appeal in _Lim Chin San_ was not dealing with the
situation where another court had already made certain binding _findings of
fact_ in earlier proceedings, as is the scenario in the present case.

50 I turn next to _Lim Teck Cheng_ , which is more directly relevant as it
concerns the taking of accounts. In _Lim Teck Cheng_ , the Court of Appeal was
faced with the issue of whether the ultimate contract price for the sale of a
ship had been determined by the High Court in Suit 2274/1993 (“Suit 2274”). In
Suit 2274, the High Court found that a particular vessel was sold at
$13,120,000, stating that:

A comparison of the respective contracts between Wyno and Hong Lam, and Hong
Lam and AES will show that Hong Lam had made a profit of over S$3,000,000.
_Lim maintained throughout his cross-examination that Hong Lam did not make
such a huge profit. He testified that although the contract for WM103
specified the contract price of S$13,120,000 Hong Lam only received about
$10,000,000. There was no record of the variation in price and at one point,
Lim explained the reduction as having arisen from various changes to the
construction of the vessel. I find his account to be totally unbelievable and
can only conclude that Hong Lam received the contract price for WM102 and
WM103 in full from AES_. All documents were in the possession of Hong Lam and
it would have been within their means to produce a proper audit of their
accounts concerning the contract payments. This was not done. On another
instance, under cross-examination, Lim stated that the contract price with AES
was inflated in order to deceive IFM. That might well be so, and it underlines
the difficulty the court had in finding the truth in this witness. [emphasis
added]

51 At the taking of accounts stage, the appellant sought to admit the evidence
of an auditor to show that the final contract price for the sale of that
vessel was less than $13,120,000. On appeal against the High Court’s decision
on the taking of accounts, the Court of Appeal noted that the trial judge had
“specifically made his findings” (_Lim Teck Cheng_ at [16], referring to the
extract reproduced at [50] above). The Court of Appeal emphasised that the
applicable principle in a scenario where a particular binding finding of fact
is challenged in subsequent proceedings is that of issue estoppel, citing the
case of _Fidelitas_ at 640 where Lord Denning MR held that:

… But within one cause of action, there may be several issues raised which are
necessary for the determination of the whole case. _The rule then is that,
once an issue has been raised and distinctly determined between the parties,
then, as a general rule, neither party can be allowed to fight that issue all
over again_. [emphasis added]

52 The Court of Appeal found that, on the facts, the evidence of the auditor
could, with reasonable diligence, have been obtained for the main trial, and
that there was no good reason for allowing the evidence to be admitted at the
subsequent stage of the taking of accounts (_Lim Teck Cheng_ at [24]). The
Court of Appeal relied on issue estoppel and held that the appellant was
estopped from re-opening the issue of the price at which the vessel was sold
because the price had already been finally determined in Suit 2274 (_Lim Teck
Cheng_ at [18]).

Decision on the Preliminary Issue

53 Mr Yeo raised a general point that if the Judge’s findings in _Ang Tin Gee_
were “conclusive”, there would be no need for the present taking of accounts
(see [31(b)] above). This argument is flawed. There is clearly still a role of
the inquiry court because the Judge’s observations and findings did not
foreclose the issue of the quantum of OCS’s operating expenses _in the
Relevant Period_. Indeed, read holistically, the Judge’s intention appears to
be that the inquiry court is to carry out the exercise summarised at [23]
above, rather than to revisit all the facts found by the Judge.

54 As mentioned at [42] above, with regard to the principle of issue estoppel,
the important question is the precise issues that have been determined by the
liability court. I turn now to consider whether issue estoppel arises with
regard to each of the three findings of the Judge listed at [30] above, _viz_
:

(a) First, the figures stated by the Judge in Schedules 1 and 2;

(b) Second, the finding of the Judge that Japco had completely funded OCS’s
start-up costs and operating expenses; and

(c) Third, the dismissal by the Judge of the counterclaim relating to OCS’s
alleged overpayment for purchases from Japco.

55 I am of the view that the Defendant is precluded from re-visiting the three
areas just mentioned. The Judge’s order at [150] of _Ang Tin Gee_ must clearly
be read together with the other paragraphs of the judgment which give it its
context; when so read, it is clear that the Defendant was in effect
impermissibly attempting to re-visit or appeal against the decision of the
Judge at the stage of taking of accounts.

56 In this regard, I find that the principle of issue estoppel precludes the
Defendant from revisiting the findings of the Judge. Both Requirements (A) and
(D) are made out for each of the three areas. The issues in each of the three
areas were clearly traversed in _Ang Tin Gee_ , not just in the 10-day trial
before the Judge, but also as evident from the face of the detailed written
judgment rendered (see [30] above and the extracted paragraphs reproduced
there). The parties had adduced evidence on those issues, and their respective
counsel had submitted upon the same. It cannot be said that the Judge’s
decisions on those issues were merely “collateral” to the real issues,
particularly because both experts in the taking of accounts had access to the
same documents that had been placed before the Judge. Indeed, Mr Cheng agreed,
in cross-examination, that there was “no new evidence”,[note: 24] although he
emphasised that he would have analysed the material differently form the
Judge. This, I emphasise, is no justification for revisiting the Judge’s
decision at the taking of accounts stage.

57 I further elaborate on each of the three areas as follows:

(a) First, with regard to the figures stated by the Judge in Schedules 1 and
2, the Judge had deliberately and carefully tabulated Schedules 1 and 2 to
reflect her findings on the figures based on the evidence before her at the
trial. The figures were calculated based on evidence put before the court by
both parties. The Defendant was unable to show that the Judge had not intended
to make any factual findings based on the figures; indeed, based on the
carefully reasoned judgment in _Ang Tin Gee_ , the contrary position – that
the Judge had intended to make binding findings of fact – appears more
plausible.

(b) Second, with regard to the finding of the Judge that Japco had completely
funded OCS’s start-up costs and OCS’s operating expenses, the Judge had also,
on no less than seven clear instances (see [30(b)] above), expressly stated
that Japco had paid for _all_ of OCS’s operating expenses; indeed, the Judge
found at [71] of _Ang Tin Gee_ that the Defendant _conceded_ the same. On this
point, I note that Mr Cheng raised a query as to what the Defendant might have
meant when he conceded that Japco had entirely “funded” OCS. The following
exchange in the cross-examination of Mr Cheng illustrates this point:

Court: |  I have looked through Justice Belinda Ang’s judgment as well. There are some points which I think Mr Lai will bring you to because he has been emphasising that to Mr Pang. … That says for example Japco completely funded … OCS.  
---|---  
A: |  Yes, Your Honour.  
Court: |  Would your conclusions mean that Justice Ang’s statements are incorrect?  
Cheng: |  Based on my conclusion, er, the---it depends on what Mr Pang mentioned by “funded.”  
Court: |  Okay.  
A: |  May I explain, Your Honour?  
Court: |  Okay.  
A: |  Because during the 2002 to 2005 period, a lot of the expenses are still incurred under Japco.  
Court: |  Okay.  
A: |  And also Japco definitely make all the purchases. The---the---in other words, OCS uses the facilities that are signed under the agreement with Japco with the third parties or the suppliers.  
Court: |  Okay.  
A: |  So in that context, Japco is the party that incurred all the cost and expenses.  
Court: |  Okay.  
A: |  That itself would probab---would probably be what Mr Pang mentioned as OCS is funded by Japco. The question is whether has Japco been paid for all the expenses that it has incurred on behalf of OCS, the seco---the question is also whether OCS has enough money to pay Japco---  
Court: |  Okay.  
A: |  \---for all these expenses that incurred on behalf.  
Court: |  Okay.  
A: |  So that is what I set out to do to confirm whether that in itself had happened or not. That’s the reason why I said that I could not go 100% with Justice Belinda Ang’s, er, er, numbers.  
  
  

(a) Of course, it is not for Mr Cheng to explain what the Defendant may have
meant in making the mentioned concession, _a fortiori_ when the Judge had
already made a finding on what she interpreted the Defendant to be saying.
There is therefore no reason for me to depart from the clear findings of the
Judge regarding Japco’s financing of _all_ of OCS’s operating expenses.

(c) Third, the Judge had in unequivocal terms dismissed the counterclaim
relating to OCS’s alleged overpayment for purchases from Japco, (see [30(c)]
above). Having chosen not to appeal against that decision, the Defendant
cannot now attempt to prove, at the taking of accounts, that there was in fact
overpayment made by OCS to Japco. The approach taken by Mr Cheng on assessing
_notional_ repayments, based on the assumption that any payments _in excess_
of OCS’s payment for purchases would automatically be considered as repayment
for OCS’s operating expenses, goes against the Judge’s finding at trial that
that there was “no evidence at all that [the Defendant] or OCS had made
overpayments for goods bought from Japco”, and that the Defendant’s
explanation as to how he had arrived at the figures was “incomprehensible,
even to this own counsel” (_Ang Tin Gee_ at [133]). Indeed, based precisely on
this finding, the Judge dismissed the counterclaim on overpayments for goods
bought from Japco. It would clearly be a contradiction of the Judge’s decision
if this court should find, on the very same evidence, that OCS had overpaid
Japco. Having not appealed against the dismissal of the counterclaim on
overpayment, which the Defendant clearly could have done if he was
dissatisfied with the said dismissal, he cannot now be heard to petition the
inquiry court to effectively overrule the Judge’s decision on the
counterclaim.

58 For completeness, I wish to address Mr Yeo’s comment that he could not have
appealed against the Judge’s decision because the Defendant accepted the
decision in _Ang Tin Gee_ (_viz_ , that accounts had to be taken). Although Mr
Yeo neither pushed this point any further nor cited any authority for his
submission, he may be alluding to the principle that appeals are against
orders, not reasoned judgments. In _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong & Anor_
[1997] 2 SLR(R) 862 (“ _Lee Kuan Yew_ ”), the Court of Appeal noted (at
[24]-[25]):

24 The argument was flawed because it is a well-established principle that an
appeal lies against the order (that is, the outcome) made by the judge, and
not the reasons he gives for his decision: see _Lake v Lake_ [1955] P 336.
Therefore, if the outcome is accepted by the parties but not the reasons,
there can be no appeal against the order. This is so even if the reasons in
support of that outcome are absurd. So, if a judge had allowed the deletion
because he did not like the colour of Tang's hair, Tang could not appeal
against the substantive order to delete if he did not dispute the outcome,
however ridiculous the reasons might be.

25 This distinction between the outcome and the reasons given for the outcome
was crucial. Since there could be no appeal against the reasons when the
outcome was not contested, this meant that the reasons given by the judge need
not necessarily be accepted and therefore binding and no longer open to
challenge. It followed that, if the reasons later had an impact on the costs
order, then the way was still open to argue against these reasons to oppose
the order of costs. We could not see how else a costs order could ever be
challenged if it were otherwise. Accordingly, this court could not be bound as
contended by Mr Davinder Singh, and it must be free to examine whether there
was an abuse of process.

[emphasis added]

59 The _Lee Kuan Yew_ case was cited in _Singapore Civil Procedure 2013_ vol 1
(G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2013) (“ _Singapore Civil
Procedure_ ”) at para 57/1/7:

**Appeals are against orders, not reasoned judgments** – Appeal lies against
the order made by the judge, not against the reasons he gave for his decision
(_Lake v. Lake_ [1955] [1955] P.336; [1955] 2 All E.R. 538, CA; _Lee Kuan Yew
v Tang Liang Hong & Anor_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 862, CA). Thus a party who has
succeeded in obtaining, or, as the case may be, resisting, all relief sought
cannot appeal even though he disagrees with the reasons which the judge has
given for deciding all points in his favour. On the other hand, if a party has
succeeded in obtaining, or resisting, only part of the relief sought, he can,
of course, appeal against the order to the extent that he was unsuccessful.

60 However, I did not think that the _Lee Kuan Yew_ decision and the extract
from _Singapore Civil Procedure_ further Mr Yeo’s case, for the following
three reasons:

(a) First, it is clear from the last sentence of the extract from _Singapore
Civil Procedure_ that Mr Yeo could have appealed against the Judge’s dismissal
of the counterclaim on overpayment. Indeed, the issue of overpayment turned
out to be key in the Operating Expenses Issue, particularly because the heart
of the Mr Cheng’s approach involves reliance on the purported overpayment as a
surrogate for determining OCS’s purported reimbursement to Japco for Japco’s
payment of OCS’s operating expenses.

(b) Second, the cited propositions relate to an appeal against the _reasons_
for a decision, not _findings of fact_. Mr Yeo did not cite any authority for
the position that a party is precluded from appealing against a finding of
fact that may have an impact on the assessment or taking of accounts stage of
a bifurcated trial.

(c) Third, and in any event, _even if_ Mr Yeo had been precluded from
appealing on the three findings at [30] above, this would not in and of itself
prevent an issue estoppel from arising. The fact is that the Judge’s decision
on those three findings remains a final and conclusive judgment on the merits
of those issues. Mr Yeo did not cite any authority for the proposition that
issue estoppel only arises if a party has enjoyed a right of appeal from a
particular decision. An argument that issue estoppel does not arise simply
because the Defendant has not had an opportunity to appeal against certain
findings of fact in _Ang Tin Gee_ is, with respect, conceptually incorrect and
arguably a _non sequitur_ one. Indeed, taken to its logical conclusion, such
an argument would mean that issue estoppel can never arise in a situation
where a court’s first instance decision is a final decision from which no
appeal is possible (_eg_ matters stated in the Fourth Schedule to the Supreme
Court of Judicature (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed), or indeed, any interlocutory
application taken out at first instance in the Court of Appeal). This cannot
be so.

61 Mr Cheng’s recognition that his version of the accounts was based on his
professional opinion rather than on the findings of the Judge,[note: 25] as
well as Mr Yeo’s submission that the Judge’s “conclusion is wrong… [b]ecause
she relied on inaccurate figures”, are instances of a party attempting,
impermissibly, to depart from a liability judgment that it had chosen not to
appeal against. In view of the points canvassed in the preceding paragraphs,
this is the wrong forum for the Defendant to mount an attack on the Judge’s
findings. In this regard, I note that the present case is very similar to the
case of _Lim Teck Cheng_ , where the Court of Appeal held that a finding of
fact made by the High Court at the liability stage was binding at the
subsequent taking of accounts. Mr Yeo did not cite any reason as to why the
case of _Lim Teck Cheng_ should not be followed here, save for an argument
that the Judge did not make any reference to figures or calculations in [150]
of _Ang Tin Gee_. In my view, it is incorrect to characterise the Judge’s
decision as, or limit the Judge’s decision to, a “four paragraph judgment”. I
accordingly find that the Defendant is precluded from re-visiting the three
areas mentioned in [30] above.

Decision on the Operating Expenses Issue

62 Having found, on the Preliminary Issue, that the Defendant is precluded
from re-visiting the three findings mentioned in [30] above, I turn to
determine the Operating Expenses Issue.

63 In my view, the approach taken by Ms Chan coheres better with the decision
in _Ang Tin Gee_. As mentioned above, Ms Chan relied on the Financial
Statements submitted to IRAS. In Ms Chan’s First Report, she derived a figure
of $393,050.96 for OCS’s operating expenses (see [16] above). This was a
reasonable method to utilise in view of the limitation of information noted
above. As mentioned at [25] above, Ms Chan subsequently modified her position
in her Second Report, where she suggested that it may not be correct to
attribute _all_ payments for OCS’s operating expenses to Japco. She therefore
deducted certain sums for salaries that OCS had paid as well as for rental of
the premises, and derived the figure of $306,369.28.

64 It may well be that Ms Chan’s revised figure would more accurately
represent the amount that Japco paid for OCS’s operating expenses. Be that as
it may, as I have already noted above, the taking of accounts is not the
proper forum for revisiting the Judge’s findings of fact. Given the clear
findings of the Judge in _Ang Tin Gee_ , I am constrained to agree with Mr Lai
and find that Japco had paid for _all_ of OCS’s operating expenses in the
amount of $393,050.96. In this regard, it is useful to note that the Judge had
arrived at the figure of $394,012.74 for OCS’s operating expenses for the
period September 2000 to 7 April 2006. Mr Lai’s submission that OCS’s
operating expenses for the Relevant Period amounted to $393,050.96 seemed
patently plausible in light of the Judge’s decision.

65 I pause to note that _even if_ I were to consider the Defendant’s approach
in revisiting findings of fact _vis-à-vis_ the Operating Expenses Issue, the
Defendant failed to prove that there was any reimbursement or repayment to
Japco from OCS. It will be recalled that Mr Cheng took the approach of
assessing _notional_ repayments, based on the assumption that any payments _in
excess_ of OCS’s payment for purchases would automatically be considered as
repayment for OCS’s operating expenses. While this may ordinarily be a
plausible approach to adopt, in the specific factual matrix of the present
case, this approach is fundamentally unsound. It is based on the _assumption_
that _any excess_ in OCS’s payment for purchases necessarily goes towards
repayment or reimbursement for OCS’s expenses. There is no cited basis for
this assumption beyond Mr Cheng’s mere assertion. Indeed, the Judge had
already considered and dismissed such an approach (see [101] of _Ang Tin
Gee_). Furthermore, _w_ hile Mr Cheng emphasised that he had vouched the 2005
and 2006 payments to actual bank documents, this is insufficient to prove the
extent of payment that OCS had made to Japco during the Relevant Period, let
alone the extent of _overpayment_. The Defendant’s failure to produce the
2002-2004 bank statements means that he failed to satisfy his burden of
proving the payments (or re-payments) claimed. Therefore, _even on Mr Cheng’s
own approach_ (of reckoning excess payments as notional repayments for
operating expenses), the Defendant has _failed to prove_ that there were
indeed such excess payments, and accordingly failed to prove any payment or
repayment for OCS’s operating expenses.

66 I therefore find that the amount paid by Japco for OCS’s operating expenses
for the Relevant Period that was not repaid or reimbursed by OCS is the amount
of $393,050.96.

67 On a related note, Mr Lai attempted to go one step further than merely
claiming for OCS’s operating expenses. He pointed out that OCS had recognised
the capital contribution of $20,000 in its balance sheet since 2002. On the
basis of the Judge’s findings that Japco had completely funded OCS’s start-up
costs, Mr Lai argued that the Defendant must account for $20,000 to
Japco.[note: 26] I did not agree with Mr Lai’s claim, for two reasons:

(a) First, it went beyond the ambit of the Judge’s order, which sought an
accounting of monies paid for OCS’s _operating expenses_ , rather than start-
up costs.

(b) Second, Ms Chan’s own evidence is that the accepted accounting practice is
that if there is a loss then there is no issue of the capital being repaid to
the partners.[note: 27] On Ms Chan’s own figures, OCS was in a negative net
asset position. As such, it would follow that Japco and/or the Plaintiff
cannot now claim for the capital, if any, that was provided at the
commencement of OCS’s operations.

The Profits Issue

68 The Judge ordered the Defendant to render an account of OCS’s gross and net
profits for the Relevant Period (_Ang Tin Gee_ at [150(1)(d),(e)]), and that
the Defendant pay to Japco all net profits of OCS (_Ang Tin Gee_ at
[150(1)(f)]).

69 The Judge had found that OCS’s profits were “in reality, the gross profits
which [the Defendant] took for himself” (_Ang Tin Gee_ at [103]). The Judge
also found that the sum of $398,324.09 was the total amount of unaccounted
gross profits, up until 7 April 2006 (_Ang Tin Gee_ at [103]; see also
Schedule 2). The Judge further ordered that “[p]recisely what the profits
after 7 April 2006 are should be the subject of further account by the
defendant trading as OCS until end of 31 December 2006” (_Ang Tin Gee_ at
[110]). It follows that the role of the inquiry court is to determine the
total amount of OCS’s gross profits based on the figure of $398,324.09 less
the amount of profits from September 2000 to 25 March 2002 plus the amount of
profits from 8 April 2006 to 31 December 2006 (see also [23] above).

70 Both experts used the same method for calculating OCS’s gross profits, _ie_
total sales amount _less_ the cost of goods sold. Based on the financial
statements submitted to IRAS for FY 2002 to FY 2006 (see [17(a)] above), Mr
Cheng calculated the gross profits of OCS for the Relevant Period to be about
$476,205.00.[note: 28] I accepted this figure as I saw no reason to disagree
with his calculation. In this regard, it should be noted that Ms Chan arrived
at the figure of $480,644.86,[note: 29] which presents only a very minor
deviation from Mr Cheng’s figure.

71 With regard to OCS’s net profits, both experts again used the same method,
_ie_ gross profits _less_ operating expenses. Relying on her figures for gross
profits ($480,644.86) and OCS’s operating expenses ($393,036.87), Ms Chan
derived the net profit figure of $87,607.99.[note: 30] Mr Cheng relied on his
figures for gross profit ($476,205.00) and OCS’s operating expenses
($449,289.00), and derived the net profit figure of $26,916.00. I agreed with
the methodology adopted by the experts. Based on the figures I have found
above (_viz_ OCS’s gross profits of $476,205.00 and operating expenses of
$393,050.96), I find that OCS’s net profits amount to $83,154.04.

72 Accordingly, pursuant to the order given in [150(1)(f)] of _Ang Tin Gee_ ,
the Defendant is to pay Japco the net profits of OCS amounting to $83,154.04.

The Final Accounting Issue

73 The Judge ordered that to give effect to the dissolution of the
partnership, there be a _final accounting_ between the Plaintiff and the
Defendant as partners of Japco on the assets and liabilities of the
partnership including what is due between the partners, and in doing so to
take into account the Plaintiff’s capital contribution (_Ang Tin Gee_ at
[150(1)(g)]).

Methodology for the Final Accounting Issue

74 Broadly speaking, both experts appeared to take the same approach of
adopting, as the starting point, Japco’s financial position on 31 December
2006. Both experts also held the view that [150(2)] of _Ang Tin Gee_ was not
within the ambit of the taking of accounts, a view which I agreed with.
However, they derived very different conclusions from their respective final
accounting exercises.

75 For the final accounting, Mr Yeo, building on Mr Cheng’s Report, submitted
that the Plaintiff had to account to the Defendant for the amount of $60,154,
as shown in the following table:

|  **Japco**  
---|---  
**Description** |  **ATG** |  **PTG** |  **Total**  
|  S$ |  S$ |  S$  
**Bank O/D balance as at 31 Dec 2006** |  (137,452) |  (137,452) |  (274,904)  
**Partner’s withdrawals** |  (77,298) |  77,298 |  -  
**Total** |  (214,750) |  (60,154) |  (274,904)  
  
  

[_footnotes omitted_]

76 There did not seem to be any basis to utilise this method for determining
the final accounts. Mr Yeo started from the position that Japco’s liability
owing to the UOB overdraft balance as at 31 December 2006 of $274,903.49
(reflected in the rounded figure of $274,904 in the above table) was the
eventual negative net asset financial position of Japco. He explained that
given that Ms Chan’s figure for negative net assets of Japco ($236,434.08) was
close to the overdraft balance, it would be fair to simply “zero-rize”
everything because there were presently no more monies in Japco.

77 I did not agree with Mr Yeo’s approach. His approach appeared to disregard
the fact that payments had been made to Japco in UOB Account No 1, amounting
to $34,381.95. The approach also ignored the fact that Japco had cash in bank
of $4,087.46. Furthermore, there was absolutely no evidence that the Plaintiff
had taken $77,298.00 by way of partners’ drawings. To this, should be added my
earlier finding that the Defendant had to account to Japco for OCS’s operating
expenses in the amount of $393,050.96 – the inclusion of this component alone
would significantly alter the outcome of the final accounting exercise.

78 I preferred Ms Chan’s approach to tabulating Japco’s eventual final
position. Ms Chan formulated a revised balance sheet of Japco as at 31
December 2006 in Appendix T of her Second Report. The balance sheet provided
as follows:

**_Japco’s balance sheet as at 31 December 2006_**

|  _Notes_ |  _As at 31/12/2006_ _S$_ |   
---|---|---|---  
**Current assets** |  |  |   
Debtors |  1 |  34,381.95 |   
Stock |  |  - |   
Cash in bank |  2 |  4,087.46 |   
|  |  38,469.41 |   
**Current liabilities** |  |  |   
GST Payable |  |  - |   
Creditors |  |  - |   
Bank overdraft |  3 |  274,903.49 |   
|  |  274,903.49 |   
**Net current assets** |  |  (236,434.08) |   
**Net assets** |  |  (236,434.08) |   
|  |  |   
**Financed by:** |  |  |   
Capital from Ang Tin Gee |  4 |  124,041.88 |   
Retained earnings |  5 |  (335,690.88) |  *  
**Total equity** |  |  (211,649.00) |   
|  |  |   
Variance between “Net Assets” and “Equity” |  (24,785.08) |  *  
  
  

[_notes omitted_]

79 Relying on Ms Chan’s balance sheet, Mr Lai pointed out that there were
unaccounted differences in the balance sheet in the sum of $24,785.08 (being
the variance between “Net Assets” and “Equity”).[note: 31] However, he could
not provide any explanation for the variance, and all that he could say was
that the fact that there was a variance meant that the Defendant had to
account for it. In this regard, I note that both experts are agreed that the
difference could have materialised for many possible reasons. For example, Ms
Chan noted that stock in Japco could have been sold without invoicing, stock
in Japco could have been misappropriated or unaccounted for due to the lack of
proper segregation of duties for the operations of Japco and OCS, the absence
of serialised invoicing and proper payment systems between Japco and OCS which
resulted in the inability to determine if Japco’s invoices were complete or if
full payment had been made by OCS, _etc_.[note: 32] Given the poor state of
the accounts, as well as the multitude of possible reasons for the variance, I
did not see any basis to order the Defendant to bear the said variance.

80 At the hearing before me on 23 October 2013, Mr Yeo pointed out that as a
separate order regarding the bank overdraft of $274,903.49 had been made
pursuant to [150(2)] of _Ang Tin Gee_ , the overdraft should not be considered
for the purposes of the final accounting as there would be “double counting”.
Mr Yeo added, separately and for the avoidance of doubt, that the Defendant
was willing to paying his half-share of the bank overdraft with interest
pursuant to [150(2)] of _Ang Tin Gee_.

81 Mr Lai initially disagreed with this approach, pointing out that both Mr
Cheng and Ms Chan had agreed that the prayer under [150(2)] of _Ang Tin Gee_
was separate from the accounting exercise. However, he subsequently
reconsidered his position and noted that if the Defendant had already been
ordered to repay his share of the overdraft pursuant to [150(2)] of _Ang Tin
Gee_ , he would have no objections to the overdraft figure being removed from
the balance sheet so as to avoid double counting in the accounting exercise
under [150(1)] of _Ang Tin Gee_.

82 I agreed with Mr Yeo’s analysis on the possible risk of “double counting”.
If the bank overdraft was to be included when deriving Japco’s final financial
position for the purposes of the final accounting exercise, there would be
“double counting” because (a) the Plaintiff’s own evidence is that she had
already paid up her half-share of the bank overdraft as at 31 January 2012;
and (b) the Defendant had already been ordered to pay up his half-share,
including interest, pursuant to [150(2)] of _Ang Tin Gee_. It would not be
logical to take into account the bank overdraft one more time when
apportioning Japco’s assets between the parties, _inter alia_ because this has
already been accounted for in [150(2)] of _Ang Tin Gee_.

83 Despite this, it should be emphasised that I am not re-writing Japco’s
balance sheet for the purposes of the final accounting exercise. I am merely
making the practical point that if the overdraft liability has already been
considered under [150(2)] of _Ang Tin Gee_ , it ought not be accounted for
again under [150(1)]. This does not change the fact that Japco was a loss-
making enterprise.

84 I turn now to deal with several heads of claim put forward by Mr Lai for
the purposes of the final accounting exercise, before providing a final figure
that must be accounted for by the Defendant to the Plaintiff.

Other heads of claim in the Final Accounting Issue

85 There were several heads of claim that Mr Lai submitted had to be factored
in for the final accounting between the Plaintiff and the Defendant. I will
address each of these heads in turn and provide brief reasons for my decision
on each head.

Unaccounted difference between “sales of Japco” and “purchases of OCS”

86 Mr Lai submitted that the difference between “sales of Japco” and
“purchases of OCS” should be considered in the final accounting. According to
Ms Chan’s First Report, the said difference was $217,511.87, but the amount
was reduced to $109,093.32 in Ms Chan’s Second Report, after Ms Chan took into
consideration third party sales for FY 2004, FY 2005 and from 1 January 2006
to 7 April 2006.[note: 33]

87 Mr Yeo submitted that it was not within the scope of the Judge’s order for
the Defendant to account for the unaccounted difference between the sales of
Japco and purchases of OCS.[note: 34]

88 While on the figures stated by Ms Chan there is indeed a discrepancy
between the “sales of Japco” and “purchases of OCS”, there are many possible
reasons for this discrepancy. The discrepancy could have arisen from third
party sales that have not been identified yet (as was the case in Ms Chan’s
First Report). It could also have arisen because Japco’s bank statements for
FY 2002 to FY 2003 did not appear to have been considered and more third party
sales may have been made. Furthermore, Ms Chan noted that there were cheque
deposits in Japco’s bank account where the sources of funds were not
determinable due to the lack of supporting documents, which amounted to
$24,852.34 from FY 2004 to FY 2006.[note: 35] There is also the possibility of
Japco sales not being recorded correctly, especially given the poor state of
the accounts and the haphazard way in which the businesses were run. In my
view, it would be speculative for me to decide that any discrepancy _must_ be
attributed to the Defendant. As such, I do not make any order regarding the
unaccounted difference between “sales of Japco” and “purchases of OCS”.

Unaccounted stock

89 The Plaintiff claimed that there was $168,450.32 of unaccounted stock in
Japco.[note: 36] This is because there was a figure of negative $168,450.32 in
stock, in 2006.[note: 37] According to the Plaintiff, much of the unaccounted
stock came from the significant amount of $201,000.93 closing stock in 2005
which was not brought forward as opening stock in 2006.[note: 38] Mr Lai
pointed out that the only explanation given by the Defendant was that there
was an error in recording which had perpetuated since the year 2000. Mr Lai
queried as to why the Defendant had not disclosed such errors in the financial
statements when the statements were submitted to IRAS.[note: 39] Mr Lai went
on to argue that the discrepancy in the stock figures, and in particular, the
“variance in opening stock” of $201,000.93 from 2005 to 2006 meant that the
Defendant had misappropriated the stock.[note: 40] The Plaintiff claimed only
for an account of $168,450.32 of unaccounted stock (_ie_ the gross loss in
2006),[note: 41] because Ms Chan was of the view that the discrepancy of
$168,450.32 remained unaccounted for, and could have been sold without
invoicing by Japco or otherwise misappropriated.[note: 42]

90 Mr Lai further suggested that taking the gross profit margin of Japco into
account (Ms Chan derived the figure of about 6.8%, while Mr Cheng derived the
figure of about 6.7%), the amount of $11,454.62 (being 6.8% x $168,450.32)
would be the profit attributable to Japco on the unaccounted stock of
$168,450.32.[note: 43]

91 Mr Yeo argued that, on the Defendant’s evidence, Japco never kept such
large amounts of stocks because Japco was a trading business and not a
stockist, and that the error had perpetuated since the year 2000.[note: 44] On
the further claim of profit on the unaccounted stock, Mr Yeo argued that this
was not within the ambit of Judge’s orders.[note: 45]

92 It is not appropriate for me to decide on whether the $210,000.93 (or
$168,450.32) worth of stock was indeed misappropriated by the Defendant. The
Judge’s order seeks a _final accounting_ on the assets and liabilities of the
partnership, which, in my view, means that the inquiry court is to take a
snapshot of Japco’s financial position and to apportion the assets and
liabilities between the Plaintiff and the Defendant with a view to dissolution
of the partnership. The Judge did not order an accounting for each and every
variance during the term of the partnership. The Plaintiff may well feel
aggrieved that some stock may have gone missing (on which I make no finding).
However, in the final accounting exercise, the inquiry court is interested
only to give effect to the dissolution of the partnership. I therefore do not
consider whether the “missing stock” was indeed misappropriated by the
Defendant, and make no order on whether the Defendant has to repay the value
of the stock.

93 For completeness, as I have rejected the claim on unaccounted stock, I
necessarily also reject the claim for profit on the unaccounted stock. I
should add that the claim for profit on the unaccounted stock was a wholly
speculative one.

Plaintiff’s capital contribution

94 Mr Lai pointed out that the Judge had held, at [68] of _Ang Tin Gee_ , that
the Plaintiff’s capital contribution of $124,041.88 and the Defendant’s nil
contribution to the capital of the partnership would be taken into this
consideration.[note: 46] As such, he submitted that the Defendant must repay
the Plaintiff the amount of the Plaintiff’s capital contribution of
$124,041.88 less the Plaintiff’s 50% share of Japco’s net loss (if any).

95 While it is true that the Judge ordered that the Plaintiff’s capital
contribution to Japco be taken into account, Ms Chan’s own evidence is that
the accepted accounting practice is that if there is a loss then there is no
issue of the capital being repaid to the partners (see [67(b)] above).[note:
47] Mr Lai acknowledged that his expert has taken such a position, but still
proceeded to question the Defendant on whether the Defendant ought to repay
the $124,041.88 capital contribution. Mr Lai was, unsurprisingly, unsuccessful
in extracting an answer from the Defendant – it was, after all, really a
question of law and accounting. While Mr Lai tried to explain that he was
proceeding “… in equity, of grounds of fairness, I’m just asking the witness
whether in common sense way, whether he should put in the [$124,041.88] so
that the holding can be spread out.”,[note: 48] he did not provide any
accounting or legal basis for proceeding on this line of argument.

96 Mr Lai emphasised that the Judge had ordered that the Plaintiff’s capital
contribution to Japco be taken into account. However, it should be noted that
the Judge had explained (at [67] of _Ang Tin Gee_):

67 … Therefore, the fact that the defendant never made any capital
contributions as per the premise of the Partnership Agreement, does not
detract from the partnership being an equal one. However, it  _does_ affect
the division of capital between the partners on a  _final settlement of
accounts_.  _Lindley’s_ commentary on s 24(1) is apposite and I gratefully
adopt it (at para 17-07):

If it be proved that the partners contributed the capital of the partnership
in unequal shares it is presumed that, in the absence of an agreement to the
contrary,  _on a final settlement of accounts_ , the capital of the business
remaining after the payment of outside debts and liabilities, and of what is
due to each partner for advances, will, subject to all proper deductions, be
divided amongst the partners in the proportions in which they contributed it
and not equally. [emphasis added]

97 It is clear from the extract cited by the Judge that the division of
capital between the partners in the proportion which they contributed would
only take place if there is “capital of the business remaining after the
payment of outside debts and liabilities, and of what is due to each partner
for advances”. As it is undisputed that Japco had an overall negative net
asset position, it would not be possible to take the Plaintiff’s capital
contribution into account. I therefore reject the claim for the Defendant to
account for the Plaintiff’s capital contribution to Japco of $124,041.88.

Summary of the final accounting exercise

98 I summarise the final accounting exercise in the following table, which
builds on the table proposed by Ms Chan in both of her reports. It should be
noted that parties had agreed on including the figures regarding shortfall of
payment for stock from OCS at $139.95,[note: 49] as well as the Plaintiff’s
remaining share of contribution to UOB Account 2 of $731.72.

**Description** |  **Amount ($)** |  **Claim ($)**  
---|---|---  
**Computation 1 – Claims Relating to OCS**  
OCS’s operating expenses during the Relevant Period |  393,050.96 |  393,050.96  
OCS’s net profits during the Relevant Period |  83,154.04 |  83,154.04  
Total |  |  476,205  
**Computation 2 – Claims Relating to Japco**  
Claims from OCS |  |  476,205 (_from Computation 1_)  
Shortfall of payment for stock |  |  139.95   
Total |  |  476,344.95  
**Final Accounting – Claims due from Defendant to Plaintiff**  
Total claims relating to Japco (Plaintiff has 50% claim)  |  476,344.95 (_from Computation 2_) |  238,172.48  
Share of Japco’s net assets (Plaintiff has 50% claim) ** After removing the overdraft of $274,903.49 from consideration as the overdraft has already been dealt with in [150(2)] of _Ang Tin Gee_ |  38,469.41 |  19,234.71  
_Less_ Plaintiff’s remaining share of contribution to UOB Account 2 |  |  (731.72)  
**Total** |  |  **256,675.47**  
  
  

99 I therefore order, pursuant to [150(1)(g)] of _Ang Tin Gee_ , that the
Defendant is to pay the Plaintiff the sum of $256,675.47 with interest.

100 On the issue of the payable interest on the sum of $256,675.47, at the
hearing on 23 October 2013, parties agreed on the rate of 5.33% per annum from
the date of the writ (_ie_ 25 March 2008) to the date of full payment.

101 On the issue of costs, Mr Yeo and Mr Lai agreed that it would be better
for them to address the court on costs at a further hearing given the lengthy
procedural history of this accounting exercise. I therefore reserved the issue
of costs to a later date.

* * *

[note: 1]Ms Chan’s First Report at p 6 para 3.3 (Plaintiff’s Bundle of
Affidavits 8 Jan 2013 at p 40)

[note: 2]Mr Cheng’s Report at p 16 para 4.4(a) (Mr Cheng’s Affidavit dated 1
Oct 2012 at p 16)

[note: 3]Mr Cheng’s Report at p 16 para 4.4(b) (Mr Cheng’s Affidavit dated 1
Oct 2012 at p 16)

[note: 4]Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 63

[note: 5]Notes of Evidence, Day 3 p 135 lines 22 to 25, Notes of Evidence, Day
3 p 136 lines 6 to 13

[note: 6]Notes of Evidence, Day 3 p 133 lines 19 to 29

[note: 7]Ms Chan’s First Report at p 13 para 4.2.2 (Plaintiff’s Bundle of
Affidavits 8 Jan 2013 at p 47)

[note: 8]Ms Chan’s Second Report at p 3 para 2.2 (Ms Chan’s Supplementary
Affidavit dated 18 Feb 2013 at p 7)

[note: 9]Ms Chan’s Second Report at p 3 table 9 (Ms Chan’s Supplementary
Affidavit dated 18 Feb 2013 at p 7)

[note: 10]Mr Cheng’s Report at p 23 para 5.18 (Mr Cheng’s Affidavit dated 1
Oct 2012 at p 28)

[note: 11]Mr Cheng’s Report at p 23 para 5.18 (Mr Cheng’s Affidavit dated 1
Oct 2012 at p 28)

[note: 12]Mr Cheng’s Report at p 24 para 5.20 (Mr Cheng’s Affidavit dated 1
Oct 2012 at p 29)

[note: 13]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 56

[note: 14]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 57

[note: 15]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 59

[note: 16]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 58

[note: 17]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 60

[note: 18]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 3

[note: 19]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 1

[note: 20]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 13

[note: 21]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 11

[note: 22]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 13

[note: 23]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 51

[note: 24]Notes of Evidence, Day 3 p 103 line 25 to p 104 line 9; and Notes of
Evidence, Day 3 p 136 lines 6 to 9

[note: 25]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 3

[note: 26]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 95

[note: 27]Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 22

[note: 28]Mr Cheng’s Report at p 17 table 4 (Mr Cheng’s Affidavit dated 1 Oct
2012 at p 22)

[note: 29]Ms Chan’s Second Report at p 9 (Ms Chan’s Supplementary Affidavit
dated 18 Feb 2013 at p 13)

[note: 30]Ms Chan’s Supplementary Affidavit dated 18 Feb 2013 at p 24

[note: 31]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 100

[note: 32]Ms Chan’s Second Report at p 13 para 4.4.3 (Ms Chan’s Supplementary
Affidavit dated 18 Feb 2013 at p 17)

[note: 33]Ms Chan’s Second Report at p 4 Table 10 (Ms Chan’s Supplementary
Affidavit dated 18 Feb 2013 at p 8)

[note: 34]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 47

[note: 35]Ms Chan’s Second Report at p 4 para 2.7 (Ms Chan’s Supplementary
Affidavit dated 18 Feb 2013 at p 8)

[note: 36]Ms Chan’s Second Report at p 7 para 3.8 (Ms Chan’s Supplementary
Affidavit dated 18 Feb 2013 at p 11)

[note: 37]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 101

[note: 38]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 100

[note: 39]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 102

[note: 40]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 102

[note: 41]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 102

[note: 42]Ms Chan’s Second Report at p 7 para 3.8 (Ms Chan’s Supplementary
Affidavit dated 18 Feb 2013 at p 11)

[note: 43]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 104

[note: 44]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 50(c)

[note: 45]Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 25

[note: 46]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 106

[note: 47]Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 22. Notes of Evidence, Day 1 p
37 lines 18 to 20

[note: 48]Notes of Evidence, Day 2 p 138 lines 30 to 32

[note: 49]Ms Chan’s Supplementary Affidavit dated 18 Feb 2013 at p 102

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

