Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sigrid Else Roger Marthe Wauters _v_ Lieven Corneel Leo Raymond van den
Brande  
[2013] SGHC 256

Case Number| :| Divorce Transferred No 3195 of 2009 (Summonses Nos 4285 & 5164
of 2012 and Summonses Nos 3882 & 5502 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The plaintiff/wife in-person; Bernice Loo Ming Nee and
Darren Chan Eng Jin (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the defendant/husband.  
Parties| :|  Sigrid Else Roger Marthe Wauters — Lieven Corneel Leo Raymond van
den Brande  
  
22 November 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties are Belgian nationals who were married on 25 February 1992. The
plaintiff/wife is 50 years old and the defendant/husband is 57 years old. They
have two children who are 21 and 19 years old. The wife filed for divorce on
25 June 2009. Interim judgment was granted on 11 June 2010 and the ancillary
matters came before me. On 1 November 2011, I handed down a written judgment:
_Sigrid Else Roger Marthe Wauters v Lieven Corneel Leo Raymond van den Brande_
[2011] SGHC 237. I ordered that the pool of matrimonial assets, with an
approximate value of $2.2 million, be divided equally between the parties. I
also ordered that the maintenance order made on 28 April 2010 in the Family
Court continue to stand. This order obliged the husband to pay the wife $7,800
a month as maintenance for her and their two children, in addition to direct
payment of various other sums to the relevant third parties for, _inter alia_
, rental, utilities bills and school fees.

2 On 24 August 2012, the wife applied to vary the maintenance order by way of
Summons No 4285 of 2012. The husband, in turn, likewise applied to vary the
maintenance order by way of Summons No 5164 of 2012 filed on 8 October 2012.
The husband also sought other orders in his application, a few of which
concerned a property that the parties owned in Bali (the “Bali Property”)
valued at $1,249,277.87. This was the single most valuable asset in the pool
of matrimonial assets that was divided equally between the parties. I heard
the two summonses together in chambers. On 28 February 2013, I ordered that
maintenance be varied to a sum of $14,000 a month to be paid to the wife, of
which $7,000 was for her rental expenses. I adjourned the outstanding issues,
including that of the Bali Property, to a later date. Parties returned on 10
April 2013 and a week later on 17 April 2013 I gave my decision on the
outstanding issues. I ordered that the Bali Property be sold within six
months, that the husband have sole conduct of the sale, and that the wife hand
over to him the originals of certain documents to facilitate the sale, namely,
the title deeds, building permit and proof of land tax payment. I also granted
parties liberty to apply.

3 On 24 July 2013, the wife filed Summons No 3882 of 2013 and sought one of
two alternative orders in relation to the Bali Property. The first option
proposed was that she be given sole authority to sell the Bali Property, the
proceeds from the sale to be divided equally between the parties, with the
husband’s share kept in an escrow account with the court and applied towards
the monthly maintenance payments of $14,000 to the wife until it was
exhausted, after which he would make the monthly payments from his other
funds. The second option was that the husband’s share of the Bali Property be
transferred to the wife, in exchange for her forgoing her maintenance payments
for 43 months, after which time the husband would resume payment of $14,000 a
month. The wife also alleged that the husband had not met his maintenance
obligations and sought payment of the arrears. On 22 October 2013, the husband
filed an application of his own, Summons No 5502 of 2013. I shall describe and
deal with the orders which he sought later in this judgment. I heard both
summonses in chambers on 5 November 2013.

4 The main issue in these two summonses was that of the Bali Property. Insofar
as the wife’s request that the husband’s share of the Bali Property be
transferred to her, I decline to make an order in those terms. In my order of
17 April 2013 I took the view that it was not feasible to effect such a
transfer because the wife was not in a position to pay the $624,638.94 being
the value of the husband’s share. I did not think that the wife ought to be
allowed to pay this sum by setting it off against her maintenance payments of
$14,000 a month. That would be tantamount to ordering a lump sum maintenance
payment, which I did not think was appropriate because I accepted that the
husband was not cash-rich, the Bali Property being the parties’ main asset. I
do not think that the situation has changed since I made my order of 17 April
2013. The wife remains in no position to purchase the husband’s share, and the
husband’s liquidity problems appear to persist. In the circumstances I am of
the view that the Bali Property must be sold and the proceeds divided equally
between the parties. I decline to grant the wife’s application for an order
that the husband’s share of the proceeds from the sale of the Bali Property be
held in escrow and applied towards his maintenance obligations to her. I am
not satisfied that it is necessary to give her security in this manner,
because the husband appears to have shown a readiness to meet his obligations
notwithstanding his late payments.

5 The question that follows is how then the sale of the Bali Property should
be effected. The husband argues that it is not open to the wife to seek sole
conduct of the sale by invoking the liberty to apply which formed part of my
17 April 2013 order. I do not agree. As I said in _Koh Ewe Chee v Koh Hua
Leong and another_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 943 at [4]–[5], liberty to apply is meant
to “supplement the main orders in form and convenience only so that the main
orders may be carried out”. In the present case, the main order was that the
Bali Property be sold and the proceeds divided equally. It would not be open
to parties to apply to vary this, _eg_ , to apply for an order that one
party’s share be transferred to the other, under the rubric of liberty to
apply. However, my order of 17 April 2013 that the husband has sole conduct of
the sale was no more than an order supplementing the main order and enabling
it to be carried out. To change that 17 April 2013 order would not be to
change or vary the main order. Therefore the wife was not precluded from
invoking liberty to apply to seek sole conduct of the sale.

6 In my judgment, the wife should now be given sole conduct of the sale. There
was some dispute as to whether the originals of the title deeds, building
permit and proof of land tax payment were needed to effect the sale — these
were documents that the wife refused to hand over to the husband. Each party
adduced some evidence that the originals were required or not required. Given
this state of affairs, I think it would be most convenient to give the wife
sole conduct of the sale, since she has the originals in her possession.
Furthermore, as I understand, the wife is presently living in the Bali
Property. This should make it even more convenient for her to make the
necessary arrangements for the sale. I do not think I should alter my decision
just because the husband worries that the wife might conduct the sale in a
manner designed to secure some secret profit for herself. Such is the mutual
distrust between them that whichever party has conduct of the sale, the other
will allege that there is a risk of unsavoury conduct. According to my 17
April 2013 order the Bali Property was to have been sold within six months.
This has not been done. I think that I should cut down on the latitude that I
gave parties initially and so I order that the Bali Property be sold within
three months of the date of the release of this judgment. This should assuage
the husband’s concern that the wife might deliberately hinder or delay the
sale in order to keep the Bali Property for herself. I order that the wife be
reimbursed out of the sale proceeds for reasonable expenses incurred in
improving the condition of the Bali Property to an extent sufficient for it to
be sold. Having made these orders, I decline to grant the defendant’s
applications for, first, a penal notice to be included in my 17 April 2013
order; second, an order that the wife hand over the originals of the documents
mentioned above; and third, an extension of time of six months in which to
sell the Bali Property.

7 As to my maintenance order of 28 February 2013, the husband applied to
suspend the $7,000 monthly rental component until the wife secures a rented
residence. The wife acknowledged at the hearing before me that she has been
living in the Bali Property, although it is not clear when she started doing
so. I accept that while she is living there she does not need to pay rent. But
I am not inclined to make any retrospective adjustments to the maintenance
amount because it would be difficult to determine when these adjustments
should have begun to take effect. I am also not inclined to make any
prospective adjustments, because she will have to move out of the Bali
Property in three months at the latest, and while she is making arrangements
to sell the Bali Property she might not be able to live in it. Hence I order
that the husband is to continue paying $14,000 a month to the wife. He also
asked for liberty to make his monthly payments on any day of the month in
question. I decline to grant such liberty on the basis that the wife ought to
have certainty as to when she will receive her monthly maintenance. But I
order that he be obliged to make payment on the 15th day of each month instead
of the first. At the hearing on 5 November 2011, the wife informed me that the
husband had paid only $7,000 for the month of September 2013, and had not yet
paid at all for the months of October and November. I order that the husband
make good these arrears.

8 The husband applied for an order that the wife furnish an account of what
she did to the furniture and household items in the parties’ former
matrimonial home, so that the proceeds from the sale of these items might be
divided equally between the parties. I decline to grant an order in those
terms. These items should have been included in the pool of matrimonial assets
for division when the ancillary matters were first heard and decided upon in
2011. It is too late to include them at this juncture.

9 I decline to grant the husband leave to adduce the affidavit which he filed
in support of Summons No 5502 of 2013 as his response affidavit to Summons No
3882 of 2013. On 16 September 2013 I gave clear directions that he was to file
his affidavit in the latter summons by 30 September 2013, which he failed to
do. He ought not to be allowed to get around his failure to meet that deadline
by filing an affidavit in a fresh summons and adducing it in the other
summons. Further, the defendant’s affidavit filed on 22 October 2013 is 69
pages long and contains far too many paragraphs that are not depositions of
fact but submission, some of which in language that counsel would not be
allowed to use in court — such as “grossly disgusted with the plaintiff”.
Counsel is reminded that they are responsible for the affidavits filed by
their clients and witnesses for matters that are opinion and submission (other
than the opinion of the deponent that explains his actions). In future,
counsel may be made to pay the costs personally of having the affidavit
expunged and a fresh one filed. I would also order that paragraphs 7 to 11 and
pages 15 to 19 of the wife’s affidavit filed in support of Summons No 3882 of
2013 be expunged. I accept that husband’s argument that these paragraphs and
pages pertained to “communications in the course of negotiations genuinely
aimed at settlement of a dispute” — I use here the words of Andrew Ang J in
_Cytec Industries Pte Ltd v APP Chemicals International (Mau) Ltd_ [2009] 4
SLR(R) 769 at [14] — which meant that the communications were protected by
“without prejudice” privilege and ought not to have been referred to in the
wife’s affidavit.

10 Finally, there was the issue of the Mercator insurance policy that the wife
raised. It was undisputed that the husband’s obligation to pay the wife
€4,514.26 in connection with this insurance policy remained outstanding. I
order that this sum be set off against the husband’s share of the proceeds
from the sale of the Bali Property. I make no orders as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

