Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ling Mang Khong Stanley _v_ Teo Chee Siong and others (Yeo Boon Hwa, third
party)  
[2013] SGHC 58

Case Number| :| Suit No 752 of 2007 (Registrar's Appeal No 459 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 March 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mark Goh and Andrew Goh (Mark Goh & Co) for the
plaintiff; Deepak Natverlal (Maximus Law LLC) for the defendants; Dominic Chan
(Characterist LLC) for the third party.  
Parties| :|  Ling Mang Khong Stanley — Teo Chee Siong and others (Yeo Boon
Hwa, third party)  
  
7 March 2013|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 Tee Chee Siong (“the first defendant”), and Christopher Goh Wee Min (“the
second defendant”) (hereinafter referred to collectively as “the defendants”)
were the appellants in Registrar’s Appeal No 459 of 2012 (“the Appeal”) in
Suit No 752 of 2007, in which Yeo Boon Hwa (“the third party”) was the
respondent. The defendants appealed against the decision of the assistant
registrar (“the AR”) made on 12 November 2012 allowing the third party’s
application in Summons No 5071 of 2012 (“the Striking-Out Application”) to
strike out the defendants’ statement of claim against him. As the defendants
have filed a notice of appeal (in Civil Appeal No 159 of 2012) against my
dismissal of the Appeal, I shall now set out the grounds for my decision.

The background

2 Ling Mang Khong Stanley (“the plaintiff”), the first and second defendants
and the third party were shareholders in Anewtech Systems Pte Ltd (“the third
defendant”). The crux of the dispute between the plaintiff and the three
defendants centred on a meeting on 7 April 2007 (“the Meeting”) at which the
first and second defendants allegedly misled the plaintiff into selling his
shares in the third defendant for a low price without disclosing that there
were Taiwanese investors scheduled to invest in the third defendant, which
would have more than tripled the third defendant’s share price.

3 The plaintiff commenced proceedings against the three defendants on 30
November 2007 based, _inter alia_ , on breach of fiduciary duties/trust as
directors, misrepresentation, deceit and conspiracy to injure. The plaintiff
also obtained an Anton Piller order on 4 December 2007 against the first and
second defendants. In the execution of the Anton Piller order on the first and
second defendants, the desk of the second defendant at the office of the third
defendant at No 1026 Tai Seng Avenue #03-3544, Singapore, was raided on 10
December 2009 and documents belonging to the third defendant were taken away
by the supervising solicitor for the Anton Piller order. I should add that the
Anton Piller order itself was not extended to the third defendant even though
its documents were seized. The defendants commenced third party proceedings
against the third party thereafter.

4 The plaintiff’s claim was struck out in Registrar’s Appeal No 165 of 2010,
but the plaintiff was successful in his appeal against that decision. Pursuant
to the order made by the appellate court on 10 November 2011 in Civil Appeal
No 20 of 2011 (“the CA Order”): (a) the order of court striking out the
plaintiff’s claim was set aside; (b) the plaintiff’s claim against the third
defendant was discontinued; (c) the Anton Piller order effected against the
third defendant was discharged with costs to be paid by the plaintiff; and (d)
an inquiry was ordered to be held to determine whether the third defendant had
sustained any damage by reason of the Anton Piller order and, if so, what
damages the plaintiff ought to pay pursuant to his undertaking in the Anton
Piller order. The inquiry, however, was ordered to be stayed until after the
trial between the plaintiff and the defendants.

5 After the CA Order, the plaintiff amended and narrowed his claim to one of
misrepresentation. The defendants amended and filed their statement of claim
against the third party on 9 July 2012. On 3 October 2012, the third party
filed the Striking-Out Application.

The decision below

6 The AR held that there was no authority that supported the proposition that
an application for striking out should be dismissed on the ground that it was
made close to trial. The third party’s consent to the amendments made to the
defendants’ statement of claim against him did not result in his being
estopped from making the Striking-Out Application.

7 The defendants alleged that the third party had conspired with the plaintiff
to bring a frivolous claim against them, and that he had collaborated with the
plaintiff, thereby obtaining an Anton Piller order without disclosing to the
court their wrongful and collateral purpose. The AR held that those claims
were no basis for the defendants to seek an indemnity or a contribution from
the third party pursuant to O 16 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the Rules”).

8 Accordingly, the AR struck out the defendants’ statement of claim against
the third party on the ground that it did not disclose a reasonable cause of
action.

The defendants’ case

9 In the Appeal, the defendants raised several arguments as to why the AR’s
decision was wrong. First, the Striking-Out Application was made at a late
stage of the proceedings and no valid reasons had been given by the third
party for such lateness.

10 Second, the third party was estopped from making the Striking-Out
Application because he had consented to the amendments to the defendants’
statement of claim against him.

11 Third, leave to amend should have been granted to the defendants to rectify
any particulars lacking in their statement of claim against the third party.

12 Fourth, the defendants were entitled to a contribution from the third party
because the third party had been present at the Meeting where the alleged
misrepresentations took place; hence, he was a joint tortfeasor.

13 Fifth, the third party had colluded with the plaintiff to injure the
defendants by seeking an Anton Piller order and commencing the current action
against the defendants.

14 Sixth, even though the plaintiff had elected to discontinue his claim
against the third defendant, that did not preclude the third defendant from
continuing to be a defendant in respect of the third party proceedings.

15 Lastly, the third party’s intention by the Striking-Out Application was to
cause the trial dates to be vacated and this amounted to an abuse of process.

The Third Party’s case

16 The third party, on his part, presented seven arguments as to why the AR’s
decision should be upheld. First, the defendants’ claim against him for
malicious prosecution was unsustainable because:

(a) a civil suit could not form the subject matter of a claim for malicious
prosecution;

(b) the main action had not been completed; and

(c) the right party for the defendants to sue _vis-à-vis_ their claim for
malicious prosecution should be the plaintiff and not the third party.

17 Second, the defendants’ claim in the third party proceedings that the third
party had poached their business, suppliers and clients formed the subject
matter of another claim in District Court Suit No 1993 of 2008 (“the DC
Suit”). Allowing this claim to be the basis of the third party proceedings in
the present action would amount to multiplicity of proceedings and an abuse of
process.

18 Third, the defendants’ claim of conspiracy by the plaintiff and the third
party in commencing a malicious prosecution was equally unsustainable because:

(a) the plaintiff’s claim had not yet been adjudicated and hence, it could not
be said that the plaintiff’s claim was frivolous and/or that the predominant
purpose of the claim was to injure the defendants; and

(b) the defendants’ claim that the third party poached their business,
suppliers and clients was the subject matter of the DC Suit. (It should be
noted that this argument has no bearing on the defendants’ claim on
conspiracy.)

19 Fourth, in respect of the plaintiff’s claim in misrepresentation, the
defendants could not claim contribution from the third party because the
common law did not allow any contribution from a fellow tortfeasor. Further,
it was not disputed that the third party had kept quiet at the Meeting and did
not owe any duty to convey any information to the plaintiff.

20 Fifth, the defendants’ claim of conspiracy by the plaintiff and the third
party in obtaining the Anton Piller order was obviously unsustainable because
the Court of Appeal had ordered the plaintiff to pay damages to the third
defendant for any loss occasioned by the Anton Piller order, although the
inquiry was to be postponed pending the outcome of the trial of the main
action.

21 Sixth, the third defendant was no longer a party to the main proceedings.
There was therefore no basis for the third defendant to claim an indemnity
and/or contribution from the third party.

22 Lastly, the defendants’ claim was scandalous, frivolous, vexatious or an
abuse of process as it was meant to dissuade the third party from testifying
for the plaintiff. Exposing the third party to civil liability for being a
witness for the plaintiff was against public policy as it would deter honest
witnesses from testifying in court.

The law

23 Under O 16 r 1 of the Rules, a defendant may initiate third party
proceedings against a person who is not already a party to the action (“the
proposed third party”) if the defendant:

(a) claims against the proposed third party any contribution or indemnity;

(b) claims against the proposed third party any relief or remedy relating to
or connected with the original subject matter of the action and substantially
the same as some relief or remedy claimed by the plaintiff; or

(c) requires that any question or issue relating to or connected with the
original subject matter of the action should be determined not only as between
the plaintiff and the defendant, but also as between either or both of them
and the proposed third party.

Only O 16 r 1(1)(_a_) (_viz_ , a claim for contribution or indemnity), as
pleaded by the defendants, was relevant in the Appeal.

24 A right to contribution usually arises as between joint debtors, joint
contractors, joint trustees, joint sureties or joint wrongdoers, and it may be
created by statute (_Singapore Civil Procedure 2013_ (G P Selvam gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2013) at para 16/1/2). A right to claim contribution is
created by s 15 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed), which states that
“any person liable in respect of any damage suffered by another person may
recover contribution from any other person liable in respect of the same
damage, whether jointly with him or otherwise”.

25 A right to an indemnity may arise by express contract or from some statute,
or it may be implied from some principle of law (_Singapore Civil Procedure
2013_ at para 16/1/3). Proceedings on a third party notice may, at any stage
of the proceedings, be set aside by the court under O 16 r 6 of the Rules. The
principles applicable to an application to set aside a third party notice are
the same as those governing the determination of an application to strike out
a plaintiff’s claim under O 18 r 19 of the Rules or under the inherent
jurisdiction of the court (_Lee Kuan Yew v Nair Devan (Straits Times Press
(1975) Ltd and another, third parties)_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 757).

My decision

Preliminary issues

26 As preliminary issues, the defendants argued that the Striking-Out
Application should not be allowed because: (a) of the third party’s delay in
filing the application; and (b) the third party had consented to the
amendments to the defendants’ statement of claim against him.

27 It should be noted, however, that O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules provides that a
striking-out application may be made at any stage of the proceedings. The rule
states:

The Court may _at any stage_ of the proceedings order to be struck out ... any
pleading ... [emphasis added]

28 While an application to strike out a pleading should be made as soon as
possible, a late application is not doomed to failure (_Tapematic SpA v Wirana
Pte Ltd and another_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 44 at [66], approved in _Orient Centre
Investments Ltd and another v Société Générale_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 566 at [61]).

29 Although the third-party notice in the present case was filed on 30 January
2008, the plaintiff’s claim based on misrepresentation only became clear on 15
November 2011 when the plaintiff’s statement of claim (Amendment No 4) was
filed following the CA Order. In the plaintiff’s statement of claim (Amendment
No 4), the causes of action were for breach of contract, breach of the
memorandum and articles of the third defendant and oppression under s 216 of
the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). The defendants’ statement of claim
(Amendment No 6) against the third party following the plaintiff’s statement
of claim (Amendment No 4) was only filed as late as 9 July 2012, while the
defendants’ amended defence to the latter statement of claim was filed on 24
July 2012.

30 Even though the defendants’ allegations against the third party in their
statement of claim (Amendment No 6) against him were not entirely different
from the allegations in their earlier statements of claim against him, the
positions of both the plaintiff and the defendants had to be known before the
third party knew what claims he had to meet and whether to apply for a
striking out of those claims. This is because the defendants’ claim against
the third party was essentially for a contribution and/or an indemnity under O
16 r 1(1)(_a_) of the Rules. Since there were significant changes in the
plaintiff’s cause of action and since the Striking-Out Application was filed
on 3 October 2012, less than two months after the close of pleadings (on 7
August 2012), the Striking-Out Application was not made too late. An
application to strike out the defendants’ statement of claim against the third
party before 9 July 2012 would have been premature.

31 As for the defendants’ argument that the Striking-Out Application should
not be allowed because the third party had consented to the amendments to the
defendants’ statement of claim against him, there was no basis for such an
argument. This was not a case of _res judicata_ – there was no previous
similar application. Neither was this a case of issue estoppel because the
issue of whether the defendants’ claim should be struck out under O 18 r 19 of
the Rules was not decided when the defendants’ statement of claim against the
third party was amended.

Conspiracy

32 The defendants claimed that the third party had conspired with the
plaintiff to commence a frivolous claim against them and to obtain an Anton
Piller order against them. Even if that was true, it is not a recognised
ground for bringing third party proceedings under O 16 r 1 of the Rules
against the third party. Any conspiracy between the plaintiff and the third
party does not give the defendants a right to contribution or indemnity
against the third party. In other words, the defendants’ claim against the
third party, in so far as it was based on O 16 r 1(1)(_a_) of the Rules, was
legally unsustainable.

33 The defendants’ claim did not come under O 16 r 1(1)(_c_) of the Rules
either. As held in _Nganthavee Teriya (alias Gan Hui Poo) v Ang Yee Lim
Lawrence and others_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 361 at [37], it is a requirement of this
rule that “the issues on which it is sought to have a determination between
the defendant and the proposed third party must already be issues in the
action between the plaintiff and the defendant”. In the present case, the
defendants did not seek to counterclaim against the plaintiff in an action for
conspiracy. Therefore, O 16 r 1(1)(_c_) of the Rules would not assist the
defendants.

34 As for the defendants’ claim in conspiracy in relation to the plaintiff’s
conduct in bringing a frivolous claim against them, the proper course would be
for the defendants to commence an action against the plaintiff and the third
party for conspiracy after the present proceedings have concluded. For one, it
will then be clearer whether the plaintiff has a legitimate claim. If the
plaintiff’s claim in the present action fails, it may well support the
defendants’ claim in conspiracy, _viz_ , that the plaintiff launched a
frivolous claim against them with the predominant purpose of injuring them.

35 As regard the two defendants’ claim in conspiracy based on the plaintiff’s
conduct in obtaining an Anton Piller order against them, the plaintiff had
undertaken to compensate the defendants for any loss sustained by the granting
of such an order. However, the Court of Appeal only awarded the third
defendant damages to be assessed and paid by the plaintiff. Therefore, no
claim could lie against the third party unless the plaintiff was unable to
meet the claim for damages when assessed.

36 Further, where a party commences a new action in respect of a claim which
was the subject matter of previous proceedings, it is liable to be struck out
for abuse of process unless that party can show a good reason to justify the
commencement of the new action (_Syed Ahmad Jamal Alsagoff v Harun bin Syed
Hussain Aljunied_ [2011] 2 SLR 661 at [42]). In so far as the defendants’
claim against the third party related to the alleged poaching of their
business, suppliers and clients, whether in the form of conspiracy or breach
of confidence and restrictive covenants, that is already the subject of the
pending DC Suit. As the defendants’ claim did not come under O 16 r 1 of the
Rules, their statement of claim against the third party should be struck out.

Concurrent tortfeasor

37 The defendants argued that the third party was a concurrent tortfeasor with
the plaintiff. However, this was not pleaded in their statement of claim
against the third party. The portion of their statement of claim which seemed
to allude to the third party being a concurrent tortfeasor merely stated at
para 2.2:

…The Defendants would aver that if the 1st and 2nd Defendants are in breach of
any purported duty to the Plaintiff and/or have misrepresented as alleged or
otherwise, which is denied, the Third Party (at the material time a
shareholder, and a confidante of the Plaintiff) had also participated,
acquiesced and consented to many of the events in issue as General Manager of
the 3rd Defendant, and personally financially benefited from the Plaintiff’s
exit from the 3rd Defendant as General Manager of the 3rd Defendant. The 1st
and 2nd Defendants herein claim a full indemnity against the Third Party for
the frivolous claims brought by the Plaintiff against them which the Plaintiff
himself has orchestrated and conspired with.

38 There were several problems with the above pleading. Notably, the
defendants did not claim that the third party was a concurrent tortfeasor with
the plaintiff by participating in any misrepresentation to the plaintiff.
Instead, the defendants claimed an indemnity against the third party “for the
frivolous claims brought by the plaintiff against them which the plaintiff
himself has orchestrated and conspired with” on the ground that the third
party had “participated, acquiesced and consented to many of the events in
issue as General Manager of the 3rd defendant, and [had] personally
financially benefited from the plaintiff’s exit”. In other words, the
defendants alleged that the third party had knowledge of the entire
transaction, knew that the plaintiff’s claim was frivolous, and yet conspired
with the plaintiff to bring about the claim. The third party could have
expected a claim by the defendants against him for conspiracy, but he would
have been taken by surprise by the novel claim that he was a concurrent
tortfeasor with the plaintiff.

39 Further, any particulars stated in the defendants’ statement of claim
against the third party relating to any participation of the third party did
not suggest that the defendants were contending that the third party
participated in the alleged misrepresentations to the plaintiff. Paragraph 5
of the defendants’ statement of claim (Amendment No 6) against the third party
pleaded:

...

l. The Third Party had full knowledge of the terms on which the 2nd Defendant
purchased the shares of the Plaintiff;

m. The Third Party was aware, as it had been agreed, that the 2nd Defendant
would thereafter re-transfer some of the Plaintiff’s shares to the 1st
Defendant and the Third Party equally;

n. The shares were accordingly re-transferred and the agreements executed and
stamped;

o. The Third Party was the one who computed the mechanics of the re-transfer
and assigned himself the full uplift of the Plaintiff’s portion of the
investment gain. Therefore the Third Party benefited disproportionately from
the Plaintiff’s exit as the General Manager of the 3rd Defendants;

...

40 The defendants could not have pleaded that the third party participated in
any misrepresentation by the defendants to the plaintiff because the
defendants’ defence was that there were no such misrepresentations as alleged
by the plaintiff. What was pleaded by the defendants in para 5(o) and para 8
of their statement of claim (Amendment No 6) was that the third party
benefited disproportionately from the plaintiff’s sale of his shares to the
second defendant. I do not see the relevance of that allegation to the issue
of being a concurrent tortfeasor.

41 Order 18 r 19 of the Rules gives the court the discretion to allow an
amendment of a statement of claim as an alternative to striking it out. As was
held _in Ching Mun Fong (executrix of the estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v
Liu Cho Chit and another appeal_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 53 at [12], the court’s
general approach to an application to strike out a statement of claim is to
“consider if the deficiency or defect therein, on the basis of which the
application was made, could be cured by an amendment, and would prefer to
allow an amendment rather than to take the drastic course _of striking it
out”._ In this case, I did not think the defendants’ statement of claim
(Amendment No 6) could be improved by further amendments.

42 As shown in the above analysis at [26]–[36], the various grounds which the
defendants sought to rely on to challenge the Striking-Out Application were
unmeritorious. Coupled with the absence of a claim that the third party was a
concurrent tortfeasor with the plaintiff in the defendants’ statement of claim
against him and the lack of particulars which could support such a claim, the
totality of the circumstances suggested that the defendants’ purpose in
launching third party proceedings against the third party was not to seek a
contribution or an indemnity from him, but to dissuade him from testifying for
the plaintiff, knowing that the third party was a key witness to what
transpired at the Meeting where the alleged misrepresentations took place.

43 The commencement of third party proceedings for a collateral purpose other
than the legitimate pursuit of a remedy is an abuse of process (_Lonrho PLC
and Others v Fayed and Others (No 5)_ [1993] 1 WLR 1489; and _Gabriel Peter &
Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649).
Accordingly, the defendants’ statement of claim (Amendment No 6) against the
third party was struck out as I did not allow further amendments to that
statement of claim. Should the trial of the main action reveal facts which
could support a legitimate claim by the defendants for contribution or
indemnity against the third party, the defendants are at liberty to commence
proceedings afresh against the third party to claim a contribution or an
indemnity.

Conclusion

44 For the reasons set out earlier, I dismissed the Appeal with costs fixed at
$5,000 to the third party, excluding disbursements on a reimbursement basis.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Mar 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

