Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AZS and another _v_ AZR  
[2013] SGHC 102

Case Number| :| Divorce No 3090 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal Subordinate Courts
No 212 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 May 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gulab Sobhraj and Low Wan Kwong Michael (Crossbows LLP)
for the defendant/appellant; Ferlin Jayatissa and Bernard Chiu (Lexcompass
LLC) for the plaintiff/respondent.  
Parties| :|  AZS and another — AZR  
  
9 May 2013|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the defendant husband (“the Husband”) against the
district court’s decision to dismiss the Husband’s application for a stay of
divorce proceedings filed by the plaintiff wife (“the Wife”) on 26 June 2011
on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. After hearing the parties, I allowed
the appeal on 12 April 2013. I now give the grounds for my decision.

Material facts

2 The parties were married in France in 2000. The parties and their son are
French nationals, the Wife having become a French national in 2006. The
Husband and the son also have Swedish nationality.

3 The parties presently reside in Singapore, although they are not permanent
residents. The Husband currently holds an employment pass in Singapore while
the Wife and the son hold dependant passes. Before the parties relocated to
Singapore in 2006, they had lived in several different countries where the
Husband worked. Of all these countries, the parties have stayed in Singapore
for the longest period of time. The son was born in Singapore in 2010 and has
resided in Singapore ever since, with a few visits to Paris and Beijing
(China).

4 Prior to their marriage, the parties signed a pre-nuptial agreement in
France. This pre-nuptial agreement was not expressly governed by French law,
but made numerous references to the French Civil Code. Significantly, the pre-
nuptial agreement provided for the maintenance of separate property by each
spouse, _ie_ , each spouse was entitled to keep the property that he or she
subsequently acquired.[note: 1] It was not disputed that the parties had no
immovable property in Singapore; they only possessed immovable property in
France and China.[note: 2]

5 There was some dispute between the parties over their future plans in
Singapore. The Husband averred that their stay in Singapore was transient,
given the family’s previous trend of relocating to wherever he could secure
employment and the fact that the parties were not even Singapore permanent
residents.[note: 3] On the other hand, the Wife argued that the Husband
intended to stay in Singapore, given that he had recently been promoted and
had also renewed the family’s respective passes in Singapore. She also
expressed her desire to remain and bring up the son in Singapore in the light
of their settled routine and social support network here.[note: 4]

6 There are concurrent divorce proceedings taking place in Singapore and
France. The Husband commenced divorce proceedings in France on or about 27
April 2012. The relevant papers for the French proceedings were served on the
Wife on 22 June 2012. Meanwhile, the Wife had attempted to commence divorce
proceedings in Singapore on 14 June 2012; however the filing was rejected by
the court registry due to the lack of specific information. The Wife then re-
filed the divorce suit in Singapore on 26 June 2012, after she was served with
the Husband’s French divorce papers. Subsequently, the Singapore courts made
interim orders on maintenance and custody arrangements: an order for
maintenance of the Wife and the son was made in August 2012 (after an original
maintenance order made in March 2012 was varied on appeal), while an order
granting the Husband interim access to the son was made in July 2012.[note: 5]
Both of these orders were interim orders pending the hearing on ancillary
matters in the parties’ divorce proceedings.

7 The Husband averred that he had no intention of avoiding the Singapore
interim orders, and that the French court hearing the divorce would enforce
these orders on maintenance and custody arrangements.[note: 6] According to
the Husband, he had asked the French court to “mirror” the Singapore interim
orders and not to take jurisdiction over the son. As such, the only issue that
would be raised in France would be the division of matrimonial assets
(although the Husband’s French counsel also gave evidence that under French
law, maintenance would stop upon pronouncement of the divorce and that the
judge would fix a lump-sum compensatory allowance for the poorer
spouse).[note: 7]

8 The Husband exhibited a new document from the French court that was not
available at the time of the hearing below. On 30 November 2012, a Non-
Reconciliation Order (“the French NRO”) was issued by the French court
pursuant to a hearing attended by both parties on 16 October 2012. The French
NRO addressed the following points:

(a) The parties’ agreement on the provisional maintenance of the Wife and the
son in accordance with the interim order made by the Singapore district
court.[note: 8] The Husband was also to pay the Wife an _ad litem_ provision
of €10,000 for her legal fees.[note: 9]

(b) The parties’ agreement to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts on
“parental responsibility and maintenance obligations relating to the
child”.[note: 10]

(c) The parties’ agreement to the jurisdiction of the French court on the
maintenance obligations between the spouses. As for the applicable law on this
issue, the French judge determined that French law would apply.[note: 11]

9 Significantly, the French NRO also stated that the parties had agreed to
French jurisdiction and to the application of French law to the divorce:[note:
12]

\- _for the divorce_ :

_Jurisdiction_

**Both husband and wife agree on the jurisdiction of the French courts** by
virtue of article 3-1 b) of the regulation known as “Brussels II bis” of 27
November 2003, which bases this jurisdiction on the common nationality of both
husband and wife, that is to say French nationality.

_Legislative Jurisdiction_

By virtue of article 309 of the civil code, the divorce is governed by French
law when both husband and wife have French nationality.

**The husband and wife agree on the application of French law.**

[emphasis added in bold]

Decision below

10 The district judge below dismissed the Husband’s application for a stay of
the Singapore divorce proceedings on 23 November 2012. The reasons for this
decision can be summarised as follows:[note: 13]

(a) The real and connecting factors are in Singapore since the parties are
living here with no apparent plans to relocate. Enforcement of maintenance or
court orders will hence have to take place in Singapore. Conversely, none of
the parties have a real connection with France other than their citizenship.
Nationality _per se_ is of limited significance.

(b) On the issue of divorce, all the witnesses pertaining to the Husband’s
adultery (_eg_ , the co-defendant, the private investigator) are based in
Singapore.

(c) Interim orders for custody and maintenance issues have already been made
in Singapore, and the Husband has participated in and agreed to abide by these
orders. Although the Husband has sought a “mirroring” of the Singapore interim
orders in France, this does not mean that the French court will ultimately do
so and matters may have to be re-litigated _de novo_ , resulting in a waste of
costs and duplicity of proceedings.

(d) The fact that the matrimonial properties are situated in China and France
is not critical. Singapore courts have consistently dealt with the division of
worldwide assets in ancillary hearings.

(e) Similarly, Singapore courts are able to take into account the pre-nuptial
agreement in the division of matrimonial assets.

The applicable law

11 The applicable test to determine if divorce proceedings should be stayed in
Singapore on the grounds of _forum non conveniens_ is the test enunciated in
_Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“the _Spiliada_
test”): see _VH v VI and another_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 742 and _Mala Shukla v
Jayant Amritanand Shukla (Danialle An, co-respondent)_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 920 (“
_Mala Shukla_ ”). The _Spiliada_ test consists of two stages:

(a) **Stage one** : The party seeking the stay (_ie_ , the Husband) must show
that there is another available forum that is _clearly or distinctly more
appropriate_ than Singapore to determine the dispute. The court will take into
consideration connecting factors, such as factors affecting convenience or
expense (_eg_ , availability of witnesses), the law governing the transaction
and the places where the parties reside or carry on business.

(b) **Stage two** : If there is another forum which is _prima facie_ more
appropriate, the court will ordinarily grant a stay, unless there are special
circumstances by reason of which justice requires that a stay should
nevertheless be refused. At this stage, the burden shifts to the plaintiff to
show such special circumstances.

12 The _Spiliada_ test is essentially a factors-based test; the weight to be
placed on the various factors varies with the specific factual matrix of the
case (_BDA v BDB_ [2013] 1 SLR 607 (“ _BDA_ ”) at [24]). In _BDA_ , a case
involving maintenance proceedings, it was also noted that the court exercises
a discretion in determining whether Singapore is a _forum non conveniens_ and,
as such, an appellate court should be slow to interfere unless the judge had
misdirected himself on a matter of principle, or had taken into account
matters which he ought not to have taken into account, or had failed to take
into account matters which he ought to have taken into account, or his
decision was plainly wrong (_BDA_ at [23]).

13 In a case of _lis alibi pendens_ where there are simultaneous proceedings
elsewhere, this is an important factor to be taken into account under the
_forum non conveniens_ doctrine, as it raises issues of duplication of
resources and conflicting judgments (_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , vol 6(2)
(LexisNexis, 2009) (“ _Halsbury’s_ ”) at para 75.094. In such a case, the
choice is between trial in Singapore _plus_ trial abroad (if a stay is
refused), and trial abroad (if the stay is granted) (Cheshire, North &
Fawcett, _Private International Law_ (Oxford University Press, 14th Ed, 2008)
at p 55). The weight to be given to the fact of existence of parallel
proceedings depends on the circumstances of the case. Some pertinent
considerations include the degree of overlap of issues and parties and the
degree to which the respective proceedings have been advanced; however, little
or no weight will be given to foreign proceedings if they were commenced for
strategic reasons (_Halsbury’s_ at para 75.094). Thus, the fact that there are
existing proceedings in another jurisdiction can be a decisive but not an
automatic factor in favour of a stay; all depends on the circumstances of the
case (_Mala Shukla_ at [40]).

14 I now turn to apply the _Spiliada_ test to the present facts.

Analysis

Stage 1: Whether France is a more appropriate forum than Singapore

15 The district judge did not err in finding that the parties’ French
nationality was of limited significance and that greater weight should be
given to the fact of the parties’ residence in Singapore as a connecting
factor. As stated in _BDA_ at [29], nationality _per se_ is of limited
significance; residency and/or domicile are better indicators of the strength
of a party’s connection to a particular forum. Indeed, the Husband has spent
little of his adult life either residing or working in France; the son has
also spent very little time on French soil.[note: 14] In contrast, the parties
have lived in Singapore for the last six or seven years. The Wife also stated
in her affidavits that she only acquired French citizenship in 2006 in order
to visit her in-laws more easily and to oblige the Husband.[note: 15] Thus, in
the light of the parties’ residence in Singapore, the Husband had a greater
evidential burden to adduce other convincing countervailing factors in favour
of a stay (_BDA_ at [24]).

16 However, the jurisdiction of the court is not based on the nationality and
residence of the parties alone; great weight should also be attached to the
location of the subject matters in dispute (_Eng Liat Kiang v Eng Bak Hern_
[1995] 2 SLR(R) 851 at [34]). The first task was thus to determine the subject
matters in dispute in this case.

17 In my opinion, the dispute in the present proceedings really revolved
around the pre-nuptial agreement. The fact that the Husband’s adultery took
place in Singapore and that the evidence on this issue was located in
Singapore was not a significant factor. The Husband’s adultery was not a
disputed fact; the Husband had expressly acknowledged his relationship with
the co-defendant in his affidavits.[note: 16] In any case, the Wife could
adduce (by way of evidence) the private investigators’ report in the French
proceedings if needed.[note: 17]

18 As for the ancillary matters, the Husband’s position seemed to be that the
“mirroring” requests made to the French court would dispose of the maintenance
and custody issues, such that the only issue open to adjudication by the
French court would be the division of matrimonial assets. As this would
primarily involve an examination of the pre-nuptial agreement made in France
and under French law, France would be a better forum. The Wife conceded that
the issues regarding the pre-nuptial agreement should be adjudicated in
France[note: 18], but argued that issues pertinent to custody arrangements and
maintenance should be heard by the Singapore courts, given that parties are
resident here.[note: 19] The Wife’s assertions were not wholly without merit,
given that it was unclear at this stage whether the French court would
ultimately uphold the Singapore interim orders.[note: 20] In particular, I
also noted that the issue of the Wife’s maintenance might remain an issue
before the French court, in the light of the Husband’s own evidence that under
French law, the Wife would receive a lump-sum compensatory allowance in lieu
of maintenance upon the pronouncement of the divorce.

19 Nevertheless, it should be noted that the French court in the French NRO
upheld the Singapore interim order on maintenance (albeit provisionally) and
also did not take jurisdiction over custody and maintenance issues vis-à-vis
the son, stating that there was an agreement between the parties on this
matter. Moreover, the Wife’s evidence indicated that parties were mostly in
agreement on the custody arrangements for the son (joint custody of the son
with care and control to the Wife).[note: 21] Conversely, the validity and
voluntariness of the pre-nuptial agreement was contested. Presumably, the Wife
also contested the Husband’s stay application because the parties believed
that the pre-nuptial agreement (which is not favourable to the Wife) would be
given greater weight in a French court than in a Singapore court.[note: 22]
The pre-nuptial agreement was thus the main subject matter in dispute.

20 While the district judge was correct to state that pre-nuptial agreements
(even those governed by foreign law) could be considered by a Singapore court
in the division of matrimonial assets (_TQ v TR and another appeal_ [2009] 2
SLR(R) 961), the Wife did acknowledge that the fact that the Singapore courts
may be required to rule upon the parties’ pre-nuptial agreement was a
pertinent factor in favour of a stay of the Singapore proceedings.[note: 23]
Proof of French law would likely be necessary as the pre-nuptial agreement
made references to the French Civil Code. Where the Wife contested her
voluntariness in signing the pre-nuptial agreement, witnesses in France would
also need to be called. As the Wife’s own French counsel conceded, the
validity of the pre-nuptial agreement and the competence of the French notary
who facilitated its making were not issues for adjudication in the Singapore
courts.[note: 24]

21 Although the district judge was also correct in stating that the Singapore
courts could deal with the division of worldwide assets in ancillary hearings,
some emphasis should also be placed on the fact that the matrimonial
properties are located in foreign jurisdictions. For instance, in _Mala
Shukla_ , the fact that the parties there had immovable property in India but
not Singapore was a pertinent factor in favour of a stay (_Mala Shukla_ at
[54]). Similarly here, the fact that the parties have immovable property in
France but not Singapore should be a supporting factor for a stay of the
Singapore proceedings.

22 As this case involved concurrent divorce proceedings in Singapore and
France, the doctrine of _lis alibi pendens_ came into play as another factor
in favour of a stay. The Husband had filed for divorce in France in April
2012; the Wife then commenced divorce proceedings in Singapore on 14 June
2012, although it should be noted that the French papers were only served on
her on 22 June 2012 and that she had applied for maintenance of herself and
the son in March 2012.[note: 25] There was a significant overlap between these
two proceedings; both addressed issues relating to the parties’ divorce and
ancillary matters, in particular division of matrimonial property. A
significant difficulty for the Wife was that she had apparently submitted to
the jurisdiction of the French court and its application of French law to the
divorce in the proceedings that culminated in the French NRO (see [9] above).
This was contrary to her contention before the district judge that she was
only entering an appearance and did not submit to the jurisdiction of the
French court.[note: 26] Moreover, as pointed out by the Husband, the Wife
sought additional relief from the French court in the NRO proceedings, for
example, an _ad litem_ provision for her litigation costs in France, the
return of her jewellery as well as the appointment of a notary to draw up a
plan for the liquidation of the matrimonial regime.[note: 27] It thus seemed
that the Wife was pursuing concurrent divorce proceedings in _both_ France and
Singapore.

23 Looking at the various factors in totality, France was clearly the more
appropriate forum to hear this matter. While I agreed with the Wife that the
parties’ residence in Singapore favoured the hearing of matters relating to
custody of the son and maintenance in Singapore, the other factors in favour
of France as the appropriate forum were overwhelming. I was reinforced in my
decision by the statements made by Lee Seiu Kin JC in _Low Wing Hong Alvin v
Kelso Sharon Leigh_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 993 at [21]:

... In my view it is more important that the same court consider and decide
these matters [_ie_ , divorce and ancillary matters such as custody and
access] than to divide the issues to be decided in separate courts simply
because the assets are in another jurisdiction. ...

24 As such, the burden of proof shifted to the Wife to show that this court
should nonetheless refuse to exercise its discretion to stay the proceedings.

Stage 2: Whether there are special circumstances warranting refusal of a stay

25 Although the Wife made no specific submissions on this issue, some possible
arguments as gleaned from her affidavits were as follows:

(a) The Wife was prejudiced since she was not fluent in French, the language
in which the French proceedings would be conducted.[note: 28]

(b) Proceedings in France would be a burden on the Wife, who was financially
dependent on the Husband. The need to appear in French court and its related
expenses would also impede the Wife’s efforts to find gainful employment in
Singapore.[note: 29]

(c) Proceedings in France would cut the Wife and the son off from their social
networks in Singapore.[note: 30]

26 The Husband raised the following points in response:

(a) The Wife was not prejudiced by the divorce proceedings taking place in
France as she was ably represented by French counsel and also had the benefit
of translation services.[note: 31]

(b) As for Wife’s litigation expenses, the Husband had proposed to pay for the
Wife’s airfare and also a daily allowance while she was in France.[note: 32]
Moreover, the French NRO required the Husband to pay the Wife €10,000 for her
litigation costs.

(c) According to the Husband’s French counsel, the Wife no longer needed to
appear in person before the French court. Even if her attendance was required,
she could be heard through a rogatory commission to the French Consulate in
Singapore.[note: 33]

27 Thus, there were no special circumstances by reason of which justice
required that a stay of the Singapore divorce proceedings be refused.

Conclusion

28 In the light of the above, I allowed the Husband’s appeal and ordered that
the divorce proceedings in Singapore be stayed. I made no order as to costs.

* * *

[note: 1]H1, p 16 (Husband’s affidavit dated 1 Aug 2012).

[note: 2]H1 at [17]-[18].

[note: 3]Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 5 Feb 2013 at [8].

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 22 Nov 2012 at [19(iv)] and
[25].

[note: 5]W1 at [8.41], [8.43] and [8.46] (Wife’s affidavit dated 21 Aug 2012);
H2, pp 15-16 (Husband’s affidavit dated 5 Oct 2012).

[note: 6]H1 at [16].

[note: 7]DW1 at [21] (Alexandre Boiche’s affidavit dated 10 Oct 2012).

[note: 8]H6, p 7 (Husband’s affidavit dated 15 Jan 2013).

[note: 9]_Ibid_ , pp 10–11.

[note: 10]_Ibid_ , p 9.

[note: 11]_Ibid_ , pp 7-9.

[note: 12]_Ibid_ , p 2 at [5] and p 8.

[note: 13]W3 (see Wife’s affidavit dated 4 Jan 2013); pp 36-38 of Notes of
Evidence dated 23 Nov 2012.

[note: 14]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 22 Nov 2012 at [19(i) and
(ii)].

[note: 15]_Ibid_ at [19(iii)].

[note: 16]H2 at [7.3(i)].

[note: 17]W1 at [8.28].

[note: 18]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 22 Nov 2012 at [24].

[note: 19]_Ibid_ at [23(ii) and (iii)].

[note: 20]DW1 at [12].

[note: 21]W1 at [8.46].

[note: 22]DW1 at [20]; W4 at [8.4] (Wife’s affidavit dated 25 Jan 2013); W3,
pp 27-28; Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 22 Nov 2012 at [24].

[note: 23]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 22 Nov 2012 at [24].

[note: 24]PW1 at [10.9] (Diane Sussman’s affidavit dated 29 Oct 2012).

[note: 25]W2 at [7.2] (Wife’s affidavit dated 31 Oct 2012); W1, pp 32-33.

[note: 26]W3 at [21].

[note: 27]H6, pp 9-11.

[note: 28]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 22 Nov 2012 at [27].

[note: 29]_Ibid_ at [19(vi)].

[note: 30]_Ibid_ at [25].

[note: 31]Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 5 Feb 2013 at [11] and [23.1].

[note: 32]_Ibid_ at [11].

[note: 33]Defendant’s Submissions dated 5 Feb 2013 at [23.3].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 May 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

