Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Kishore Shewaram Mohinani _v_ Padmabai d/o Ramchand Ladharam  
[2013] SGHC 223

Case Number| :| Divorce Petition No 2404 of 1996 (Registrar's Appeal from
Subordinate Courts No 720008 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Manoj Nandwani and Eric Liew (Gabriel Law Corporation)
for the appellant; Tan Yew Cheng (Leong Partnership) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Kishore Shewaram Mohinani — Padmabai d/o Ramchand Ladharam  
  
24 October 2013|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the Family Court to dismiss an
application by the appellant/husband to rescind a maintenance order made in
1996 in the parties’ divorce that he pays the respondent/wife $2,000 per
month. The husband is 64 years of age while the wife is 58. They are both
presently unemployed. Their two children are 35 and 33 years of age. The
husband’s ground for applying to rescind the maintenance order was that the
wife recently inherited half of an estate valued at an estimated $1.8 million.
The husband argued that this increase of about $900,000 in the wife’s wealth
was a “material change in the circumstances” calling for a rescission of the
maintenance order. The Family Court dismissed his application on the basis
that he had not made full and frank disclosure of his assets. He appealed and
the appeal came before me. The wife was not represented at the hearing on 3
April 2013. Two weeks later I delivered my decision. I allowed the appeal and
ordered rescission of the maintenance order as sought by the husband. Within
the next few days the wife instructed counsel who then wrote in seeking to
make further arguments. I allowed the request for further arguments and heard
these arguments on 9 September and 7 October 2013.

2 Having heard further arguments, I remain of the view that the wife’s
inheritance counts as a “material change in the circumstances” calling for a
downward variation of the maintenance order. This is because the inheritance
enhances to a not insubstantial extent her ability to meet her expenses, and
correspondingly warrants modifying in the husband’s favour his obligation to
enable her to meet her expenses. In her submissions, the wife cited to me
three authorities purportedly in support of her position that there was no
“material change in the circumstances”, but I fail to see how any of those
authorities advance her case. The question before me was not about what would
constitute a “material change in the circumstances” justifying an increase
rather than decrease in maintenance. In _Chua Chwee Thiam v Lim Annie_ [1989]
1 SLR(R) 426, Chan Sek Keong J held that maintenance in that case ought to be
reduced because there was clear evidence as to a deterioration in the
husband’s financial situation since the maintenance order was made. This does
not support Miss Tan’s argument on behalf of the wife because it does not
follow from the decision of Chan J that an adverse change in the husband’s
circumstances is the only ground for reducing a maintenance order. In _Morris
Richard Neil v Morris Carolina Hernandez_ [2012] SGHC 177, Lai Siu Chiu J held
that reducing maintenance to $1 was not justified because the husband had not
adduced sufficient evidence that the wife was employed. I cannot see how this
decision of Lai J helps the wife, because it surely does not follow that
maintenance may only ever be reduced when it is shown that the wife is
employed. The circumstances of both parties ought to be considered in order
that the impact and significance of the change can be more accurately
measured.

3 However, I am now of the view that the maintenance order should not be
rescinded entirely but should instead be varied downwards. The increase of
$900,000 in the wife’s wealth is certainly substantial, but it is a one-off
gain and is not so large that she is set for life, so to speak. She is
currently 58 years old, and assuming an average life expectancy of 85 for
Singaporean women (see _Wan Lai Cheng v Quek Seow Kee and another appeal and
another matter_ [2012] 4 SLR 405 at [89]), $900,000 works out to $33,333 a
year and less than $2,800 a month for the notional remaining 27 years of her
life, which is not a large amount. In particular, I am mindful that as she
grows older her medical-related expenses might increase, and perhaps even
increase significantly. I am also mindful that the judge below was of the
opinion that the husband was not forthright in declaring his assets. In this
regard, I have no grounds to disagree with the court below and will take this
factor into account. I think that his failure to make full and frank
disclosure of his assets is relevant, in that given this failure to disclose,
I would infer against him that he is in a position to continue making monthly
maintenance payments of under $2,000 to the wife.

4 For these reasons, I vary my previous order having heard further arguments
and order that the husband henceforth pay the wife maintenance of $1,000 per
month.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

