Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Comptroller of Income Tax _v_ BKW and another  
[2013] SGHC 205

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 204 of 2013 (Summons No 1499 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Patrick Nai, Jimmy Goh and Michelle Chee (Inland Revenue
Authority of Singapore (Law Division)) for the applicant; Jonathan Lee (Rajah
& Tann LLP) on watching brief for the first respondent; Renganathan
Nandakumar, Noelle Seet and Guo Longjin (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for the
second respondent.  
Parties| :|  Comptroller of Income Tax — BKW and another  
  
4 October 2013|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This was an application by the second respondent, [R] Ltd, in Summons No
1499 of 2013 (“SUM 1499”) to set aside the order in Originating Summons No 204
of 2013 (“OS 204”) which directed the first respondent, [BKW], to release to
the Comptroller for transmission to the Indian tax authorities certain
information, documents and bank records concerning [R] Ltd. After hearing the
parties, I dismissed [R] Ltd’s application. I now set out the grounds for my
decision.

Factual background

2 On 4 March 2013, the Comptroller of Income Tax (“the Comptroller”) filed OS
204 pursuant to s 105J of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the
Income Tax Act”). This application followed a letter requesting for
information dated 28 December 2012 by Mr K Ramalingam, the Joint Secretary
(Foreign Tax and Tax Research II) of the Central Board of Direct Taxes of the
Department of Revenue of India (“the Competent Authority of India”). This
letter of request (“the EOI Request”) was made pursuant to the Agreement
between the Government of the Republic of Singapore and the Government of the
Republic of India for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of
Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income which entered into force on 27
May 1994 (“the Singapore-India DTA”). Specifically, the EOI Request was made
under Art 28 of the Singapore-India DTA (“Art 28”), a provision for the
purposes of exchange of information (“EOI”) in relation to the administration
and enforcement of tax issues in Singapore and India. (Art 28 was amended by
the Second Protocol signed on 24 June 2011, which came into force on 1
September 2011.)

3 An affidavit was filed on 4 March 2013 in support of OS 204 by Koh Eng Chuan
(“Koh”), a senior tax investigator with the Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore. In this affidavit, Koh recounted the following important assertions
relating to [R] Ltd made by the Competent Authority of India to justify the
EOI Request:

(a) In the course of investigations into the tax affairs of an Indian company,
[S], the Indian tax authorities conducted a raid and search at the office
premises of [S] in Mumbai, India. In an office safe under the control of two
employees of [S], a loose piece of paper was found bearing certain information
regarding [R] Ltd’s Singapore bank account with [BKW] (“the Paper”).

(b) When confronted with the Paper, the joint managing director of [S] gave
evasive replies about the nature of the entries made on the Paper. According
to the Indian tax authorities, it was understood that when money was
transferred from [S] to [R] Ltd’s bank account in Singapore, [S] received an
equivalent sum of cash in Indian Rupees within India. The Indian tax
authorities noted that the Paper contained particulars of transactions taking
place outside India which were not meant to be reflected in the regular
account books of [S].

(c) In view of the above, the information requested in the Comptroller’s
application would assist the Competent Authority of India in:

(i) identifying the person in India who made the cash payments to [S]
equivalent to the amounts deposited by [S] into [R] Ltd’s bank account; and

(ii) ascertaining the details of hidden transactions which have potential
income tax implications for [S] under Indian tax legislation.

Koh stated his belief that the EOI Request was justified in the circumstances
of the case and was not contrary to the public interest under s 105J(3) of the
Income Tax Act. Koh further averred that the EOI Request complied with the
requirements set out in the Eighth Schedule of the Income Tax Act.

4 In the same affidavit, Koh exhibited a photocopy of the Paper, which
contained the following information:

(a) The name and address of [BKW] in Singapore. The bank was described as the
“RECEIVING BANK”.

(b) The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (or SWIFT)
code of [BKW].

(c) The name, address and account number of the correspondent bank in New
York.

(d) The beneficiary’s name listed as [R] Ltd.

(e) [R] Ltd’s bank account number.

(f) The handwritten figure of “800”.

I note that the Paper did not actually contain “particulars of transactions
taking place outside India” as asserted by the Indian tax authorities (see
[3(b)] above). However, the information on the Paper did suggest that there
was a connection between [S] and [R] Ltd (see [16]–[17] below).

5 On this basis, the Comptroller’s application in OS 204 sought, _inter alia_
, an order requiring [BKW] to produce the complete bank records and all
information and documents relating to [R] Ltd’s bank account (“the Bank
Account”) from 1 April 2010 to 18 March 2011, including but not limited to the
following:

(a) All documents pertaining to the opening of the Bank Account.

(b) All documents executed by the account holder and beneficial owner in
relation to the Bank Account, including all documents in relation to the
history of changes of the name, address and any other matters of the account
holder and beneficial owner.

(c) Bank account statements for the Bank Account, including all documents and
records indicating the dates, amounts and reference numbers of deposits and
withdrawals in respect of the Bank Account.

6 At an _ex parte_ hearing on 14 March 2013, I granted an order in terms of
the Comptroller’s application in OS 204 (“the Order”).

7 Subsequently, [R] Ltd filed SUM 1499 praying for, _inter alia_ , a discharge
of the Order. On 4 July 2013, I reserved judgment after hearing the parties’
full arguments in SUM 1499. Two weeks later on 18 July 2013, I dismissed [R]
Ltd’s application to set aside the Order.

8 Before I analyse the merits of this application, it would be appropriate to
set out the following brief facts about [R] Ltd. [R] Ltd was incorporated in
the British Virgin Islands on 17 May 2007. It has one corporate director and
one corporate shareholder. [R] Ltd is in the business of coal trading and
investing in securities and financial products.

9 I would also mention at this point that the procedural framework for EOI
requests has been set out comprehensively in _Comptroller of Income Tax v BJY_
[2013] SGHC 173 (“ _Comptroller v BJY_ ”) at [9]­–[18]. I therefore do not
propose to set out the framework again in the present case.

The issue

10 The issue before me was whether the Order granted in OS 204 ought to be set
aside on the ground that the conditions in s 105J(3) of the Income Tax Act for
granting the Order had not been satisfied.

Analysis

The conditions to be satisfied before an order is granted

11 Before making an order sought under s 105J of the Income Tax Act, the court
must first be satisfied that the two conditions under s 105J(3) are met.
Sections 105J(2) and (3) of the Income Tax Act read as follows:

(2) If, on such an application, the High Court is satisfied that the
conditions referred to in subsection (3) are fulfilled, it may make an order
that the person who appears to it to have possession or control of the
information to which the application relates shall ?

(_a_)make a copy of any document containing the information and provide the
copy to an authorised officer for him to take away; or

(_b_)give an authorised officer access to the information,

within 21 days from the date of the order or such other period as the Court
considers appropriate.

(3) The conditions referred to in subsection (2) are as follows:

(_a_)the making of the order is justified in the circumstances of the case;
and

(_b_)it is not contrary to the public interest for a copy of the document to
be produced or that access to the information be given.

12 These two conditions will be considered in turn and applied to the facts of
the present case.

Was the making of the Order justified in the circumstances?

13 In deciding whether the making of an order for the disclosure of
information under s 105J of the Income Tax Act is justified in the
circumstances, the court will have regard to the internationally agreed
standard on EOI for the administration or enforcement of domestic tax laws
(_Comptroller v BJY_ at [23]). This internationally agreed standard is
reflected in the requirements of the Eighth Schedule of the Income Tax Act and
in most of the recently signed or amended DTAs (_Comptroller v BJY_ at [24]).
In the present case, the following principles were considered:

(a) The requested information must be foreseeably relevant for carrying out
the provisions of the DTA or to the administration or enforcement of the
requesting State’s domestic tax laws (_Comptroller v BJY_ at [27]–[28]). This
standard of foreseeable relevance only requires a reasonable possibility that
the information will be relevant at the time a request is made. Whether the
information, once provided, actually proves to be relevant is immaterial
(_Comptroller v BJY_ at [29]).

(b) No disclosure will be made of trade, business, industrial commercial or
professional secrets or trade processes (“Business Secrets”) (_Comptroller v
BJY_ at [35]–[37]).

14 Applying the first of these principles, I found that the requested
information was foreseeably relevant to the administration or enforcement of
Indian tax law. The taxpayer under investigation, [S], was clearly identified.
The purpose of the EOI Request was also sufficiently elaborated upon: the
Competent Authority of India needed the information to identify the person in
India making cash payments to [S] and ascertain details of hidden transactions
that might have potential income tax implications for [S] under domestic
Indian tax law. In particular, the requested account-opening documents might
shed light on the personalities involved in the operation of the Bank Account
and the movement of funds out of Singapore. This, together with the requested
bank statements, would enable the Indian tax authorities to ascertain the
existence and details of hidden transactions (see [3(c)(ii)] above) affecting
[S]’s tax liability in India.

15 Counsel for [R] Ltd, Mr Nandakumar, sought to argue that there was no
evidence of any connection or actual dealings (business or otherwise) between
[S] and [R] Ltd.

16 In my judgment, the information on the Paper regarding the Bank Account was
significant. It contained all the details necessary for a transfer of funds,
including SWIFT and bank codes. The level of detail contained in the Paper,
viewed together with the fact that the Paper was found in [S]’s safe under the
control of [S]’s associate vice president and his subordinate, was sufficient
to establish a connection between the tax investigations on [S] and the Bank
Account. Although the existence of actual dealings between [S] and [R] Ltd
would have strengthened the Comptroller’s case, this was not a prerequisite
for an order under s 105J of the Income Tax Act. As mentioned, the relevant
inquiry was whether disclosure was justified in the circumstances, taking into
account the foreseeable relevance of the information requested. In this case,
the Comptroller was not required to establish the existence of actual
transactions when it sought the very information required to establish the
existence of the transactions.

17 Moreover, the highly suspicious circumstances of this case fortified my
view that the requested information was foreseeably relevant. Neither the
employees of [S] nor [R] Ltd could offer any explanation regarding the
provenance of the Paper. Given that the Paper was found in a safe of two
trusted [S] employees and on [S]’s premises, I found the lack of any
explanation regarding the Paper highly suspicious. In the circumstances, I
could not accept the submission that there was no connection or relationship
between [S] and [R] Ltd.

18 Mr Nandakumar further submitted that the identity and bank details of [R]
Ltd’s customers were confidential and amounted to trade secrets. He argued
that disclosure of their identities and bank account details would inevitably
prejudice [R] Ltd’s relations with its customers and undermine its goodwill,
reputation and business.

19 While it was true that no disclosure would be made of Business Secrets
under Art 28(3)(c) of the Singapore-India DTA, Mr Nandakumar was unable to
demonstrate how the identity and bank details of [R] Ltd’s customers fell
within the scope of Business Secrets as contemplated in the Singapore-India
DTA. It would be useful at this juncture to set out the observations made by
this court in _Comptroller v BJY_ on the definition of Business Secrets (at
[37]–[38]):

37 No doubt, protection must be accorded to Business Secrets, since disclosure
of such information may cause irreparable prejudice to the owner of the
information. However, given that s 105J was implemented to bring Singapore in
line with the internationally agreed Standard on EOI, it follows that what
constitutes the scope of Business Secrets must be determined with this purpose
in mind. The OECD Commentary at para 19.2, in this regard, is helpful:

19.2 In most cases of information exchange no issue of trade, business or
other secret will arise. A trade or business secret is generally understood to
mean facts and circumstances that are of considerable economic importance and
that can be exploited practically and the unauthorised use of which may lead
to serious damage (e.g. may lead to severe financial hardship). _The
determination, assessment or collection of taxes as such could not be
considered to result in serious damage_. _Financial information, including
books and records, does not by its nature constitute a trade, business or
other secret. In certain limited cases, however, the disclosure of financial
information might reveal a trade, business or other secret. For instance, a
request for information on certain purchase records may raise such an issue if
the disclosure of such information revealed the proprietary formula used in
the manufacture of a product_. The protection of such information may also
extend to information in the possession of third persons. For instance, a bank
might hold a pending patent application for safe keeping or a secret trade
process or formula might be described in a loan application or in a contract
held by a bank. In such circumstances, details of the trade, business or other
secret should be excised from the documents and the remaining financial
information exchanged accordingly. [emphasis added]

38 It can be seen that the OECD Commentary views narrowly the scope of
Business Secrets which would be protected from disclosure under the EOI
regime. This must be right in order for the EOI scheme not to be rendered
ineffectual. Business Secrets that qualify for protection from disclosure must
constitute the exception and not the norm.

[emphasis in original]

20 Applying the definition of Business Secrets discussed above, I was unable
to accept Mr Nandakumar’s submission. I found that the information relating to
[R] Ltd’s customers was not akin to the character or nature of patent
applications or secret trade formulae and did not fall within the narrow scope
of Business Secrets protected from disclosure under Art 28(3)(c) of the
Singapore-India DTA. I would add that Mr Nandakumar was unable to show how the
disclosure of [R] Ltd’s customer information might lead to severe financial
hardship beyond the general assertion that disclosure of [R] Ltd’s customer
information would undermine its goodwill, reputation and business.

21 Furthermore, the strict confidentiality obligations placed on the Indian
tax authorities under Art 28(2) of the Singapore-India DTA would serve to
allay any concerns regarding prejudice arising from the disclosure of
information:

2\. Any information received under paragraph 1 by a Contracting State shall be
treated as _secret_ in the same manner as information obtained under the
domestic laws of that State and shall be disclosed only to persons or
authorities (including courts and administrative bodies) concerned with the
assessment or collection of, the enforcement or prosecution in respect of, the
determination of appeals in relation to the taxes referred to in paragraph 1,
or the oversight of the above. _Such persons or authorities shall use the
information only for such purposes_. … [emphasis added]

22 In conclusion, I found that it was justified to order the disclosure of the
requested information.

Was the making of the Order contrary to public interest?

23 Section 105J(3)(_b_) of the Income Tax Act provides that the court must be
satisfied that the making of an order under s 105J(2) is not contrary to the
public interest. The definition of public interest was discussed at length in
_Comptroller v BJY_ at [43]–[46]:

43 … The definition of “public interest” was addressed by the Minister during
the Parliamentary Debates (at cols 1620–1621):

**_… “Public interest” under the Act covers the same grounds as “public
policy” as stated in the internationally agreed Standard_**. The
internationally agreed Standard has the concept of “public policy” or what
they call in French, ordre public. **_It covers especially national security
interests, or sensitive information held in the vital interests of the
requested country_** … “Public interest”, as used in the Act, does not depart
in substance from what is envisaged under the internationally agreed Standard,
under its public policy provision. [emphasis added in bold italics]

44 In accordance with the internationally agreed Standard, Art 28(3)(c) of the
Singapore-India DTA provides that Singapore is not obligated to supply
information the disclosure of which is contrary to public policy. The OECD
commentary (at para 19.5) further explains this limitation with regard to EOI
as only being relevant in “extreme cases”:

… such a case could arise **_if a tax investigation in the requesting State
were motivated by political, racial, or religious persecution_**. The
limitation may also be invoked where the information constitutes a state
secret, for instance sensitive information held by secret services the
disclosure of which would be contrary to the vital interests of the requested
State. **_Thus, issues of public policy_** _(ordre public)_**_rarely arise in
the context of information exchange between treaty partners_**. [emphasis
added in bold italics]

45 Therefore, what constitutes public interest for the purposes of s
105J(3)(_b_) ought to be interpreted in a manner consistent with the
Minister’s explanation referred to at [43] above and the OECD Commentary. My
view is that public interest in this context does not extend to giving another
layer of protection for: (a) information that is protected from disclosure
under s 47 of the Banking Act and s 49 of the Trust Companies Act; or (b)
Business Secrets. With regard to the former, the very fact that s 105J(1)
permits the Comptroller to apply to court for an order granting access to such
protected information must mean that the making of such order cannot _ipso
facto_ be against the public interest. Otherwise, the condition in s
105J(3)(_b_) would render s 105J(1) nugatory.

46 As regards the latter, (_ie_ , Business Secrets), the position is already
stated at [35]–[40] above. Business Secrets are protected from disclosure to
the Competent Authority of India and that is all there is to it. Where, in the
context of a s 105J(1) application, the information sought is not only
protected from disclosure under s 47 of the Banking Act or s 49 of the Trust
Companies Act, but is also a Business Secret, the court should decline to make
an order for such information to be disclosed simply because by reason of its
being a Business Secret, it would not be justified in the circumstances to so
order (_ie_ , the condition in s 105J(3)(_a_) would not be met) and not
because it is contrary to the public interest.

[emphasis in original]

24 As mentioned above at [18], Mr Nandakumar submitted that the requested
information was confidential information that amounted to a trade secret. Mr
Nandakumar also submitted that the Indian tax authorities had not shown why
production of the documents requested would not be contrary to public
interest.

25 This submission was misconceived on two levels. First, Mr Nandakumar’s bare
assertion that the Indian tax authorities had failed to show why the Order was
not contrary to public interest did not advance [R] Ltd’s case in any
meaningful way because the burden of proving that the Order was contrary to
the public interest was actually on [R] Ltd. Second and on a more fundamental
level, the making of the order under s 105J(2) of the Income Tax Act was
plainly not contrary to public interest. For example, it did not, by any
stretch of the imagination, prejudice Singapore’s national security interests.
Nor has it been suggested that the Indian tax authorities’ investigations was
motivated by political, racial or religious considerations.

Conclusion

26 For the above reasons, I dismissed [R] Ltd’s application and ordered costs
of $3,500 to the Comptroller.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

