Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Marplan Private Limited _v_ Attorney-General  
[2013] SGHC 80

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 166 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 April 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Glen Koh (Glen Koh) for the applicant; Khoo Boo Jin and
Linda Esther Foo Hui Ling (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the non-party.  
Parties| :|  Marplan Private Limited — Attorney-General  
  
16 April 2013|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 This was an _ex parte_ application for leave pursuant to O 53 r 1 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) for judicial review to
quash Lee Seiu Kin J’s decision in District Court Appeal No 24 of 2012 (“the
Appeal”) which had commenced as Magistrate’s Court Suit No 8131 of 2010 (“the
Suit”).

2 I dismissed the application and now give my reasons.

Background facts

3 The Suit was a claim on a supply and installation contract for gymnastics
products supplied to Raffles Gymnastics Academy (S) Pte Ltd (“the
Respondent”). Marplan Private Limited (“the Applicant”), was the plaintiff
supplier at trial. One issue in dispute was the contractual purchase price of
the gymnastics products. There were two sets of February invoices, reflecting
different prices. The Applicant claimed that there had been a manufacturer’s
price increase reflected in the set of February invoices which indicated a
higher contractual price (“the Higher February Invoices”). The Respondent
claimed that there had been no such price increase, but rather, that a 30%
discount had been agreed and applied to the contract price, and reflected in
the second set of February invoices.

4 The district judge held that the Higher February Invoices evidenced the
parties’ agreement on the purchase price. The district judge ordered, _inter
alia_ , that the Respondent pay the Applicant the balance purchase price of
$45,656.85 in respect of the main claim.

5 The Respondent appealed and Lee J allowed the appeal on the basis that the
Applicant had failed to discharge his burden of proof. In his decision dated
23 November 2012, Lee J found that evidence showing a manufacturer’s price
increase would have been in the Applicant’s control, but the Applicant had
chosen not to disclose such evidence. Lee J drew an adverse inference from the
Applicant’s non-disclosure of documents evidencing the price increase and
found that the Applicant had not discharged its burden of proof in the Suit.
Further, he found that the district judge’s finding had been based on
equivocal evidence. Lee J then reduced the judgment sum by $26,366.38.

6 On 14 January 2013, the Applicant applied to Lee J for leave to appeal to
the Court of Appeal, but was refused. In its skeletal arguments for leave, the
Applicant submitted:

(a) That the Respondents had in their possession, custody or power, evidence
relevant to the case which they had withheld or suppressed from both the
appellate and trial courts;

(b) Lee J erred when he found that the district judge had based his decision
on equivocal evidence, as the district judge had given six reasons why he made
the finding that there had been a manufacturer’s price increase; and

(c) An agreement for a discount, if made, would have been in contravention of
s 5(_a_) of the Prevention of Corruption Act and illegal, or would have been
void for uncertainty or lack of consideration.

7 On 21 January 2013, the Applicant took out Summons No 430 of 2013, seeking
leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal against Lee J’s decision allowing the
Appeal _and_ his decision refusing leave to appeal. After it was pointed out
to the Applicant by Sr Asst Registrar Cornie Ng, during a pre-trial
conference, that Lee J’s decision refusing leave to appeal was final, it filed
Originating Summons No 166 of 2013 (“the Application”) to quash Lee J’s
decision. The Application was filed and served on the Attorney-General
pursuant to O 53 r 1(3) of the Rules.

The judicial review claim

8 The Application asserts two grounds for judicial review:

(a) Lee J erred in drawing an adverse inference as the Applicant’s only reason
for failing to adduce evidence of the price increase was because it thought it
was unnecessary and the trial judge had dismissed the Respondent’s specific
discovery request for those documents. Accordingly, Lee J’s inference of fact
that there was no price increase was unreasonable; and

(b) Lee J erred when he found that the district judge had based his decision
on equivocal evidence as the evidence was only equivocal because the
Respondents had suppressed evidence. This second ground is the same as [6(a)]
and [6(b)] above, which were grounds of appeal canvassed before Lee J during
the application for leave to appeal.

9 The Applicant also argued that it had exhausted all other available remedies
as leave to appeal had been refused.

My decision

10 The test for granting leave to apply for a quashing order was summarised by
Philip Pillai J in _Lim Mey Lee Susan v Singapore Medical Council_ [2011] SGHC
131 (at [3]). Leave is not granted unless the court is satisfied that:

(a) The matter complained of is susceptible to judicial review;

(b) The Applicant has sufficient interest in the matter; and

(c) The material before the court discloses an arguable or _prima facie_ case
of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the public law remedies sought
by the applicant.

11 There was no question that the Applicant had a sufficient interest in the
matter and it remained for me to assess whether the matter complained of was
susceptible to judicial review and whether the material presented disclosed an
arguable case of reasonable suspicion in favour of judicial review.

Whether the matter is susceptible to judicial review

Susceptibility to judicial review of the decision-making body

12 I found that the decision of a High Court judge acting in that capacity is
not reviewable.

13 The function of a Quashing Order is explained in _Singapore Civil
Procedure_ , vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 2013) at para 53/1/3:

A Quashing Order is mainly used to control unlawful exercises of power _by
inferior courts, tribunals_ and other public bodies by quashing decisions
which are reached in excess or abuse of power. [emphasis added]

14 A broad overview of case law shows that where there is a serious or grave
breach of natural justice occurring in a Magistrate’s (or inferior) court and
which results in a criminal conviction, both a right to appeal _and_ in
serious cases, a right of judicial review may be granted. There is, however,
no record of judicial review ever being granted for a superior court.

15 The notion that the supervisory jurisdiction of the court only applies to
inferior tribunals is also established in the common law. Lord Diplock’s dicta
in _Re Racal Communications Ltd_ [1981] AC 374 (at 384) which was quoted with
approval by the Court of Appeal in _Wong Hong Toy v Public Prosecutor_ [1987]
SLR(R) 213 (at [51]), sums up the common law position:

... The High Court is not a court of limited jurisdiction and its
constitutional role includes the interpretation of written laws. ... There is
simply no room for error going to [the Judge’s] jurisdiction, nor, as is
conceded by counsel for the respondent, is there any room for judicial review.
_Judicial review is available as a remedy for mistakes of law made by_**
_inferior courts and tribunals only._**_Mistakes of law made by judges of the
High Court acting in their capacity as such can be corrected only by means of
appeal to an appellate court; and if, as in the instant case, the statute
provides that the judge’s decision shall not be appealable, they cannot be
corrected at all_. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

16 I should add that even with inferior courts, judicial review is reserved
only for the most extreme situations where it would be “ludicrous” to deny
parties the remedy of review, for example, where a man was convicted without
the court having heard his evidence: see _The King v Wandsworth Justices, ex
parte Read_ [1942] 1 KB 281. In Singapore, almost all such cases would fall
within the court’s powers of criminal revision in the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed). Moreover, _none_ of the considerations set out at [14]
above apply to the present case.

17 Even if the common law position were in doubt (which it is not), s 27(1) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) makes
clear that the supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction of the High Court is
only available over subordinate courts. It reads as follows:

**27.** —(1) In addition to the powers conferred on the High Court by this Act
or any other written law, the High Court shall have general supervisory and
revisionary jurisdiction over all _subordinate courts_.

[emphasis added]

18 During the hearing before me, counsel for the Applicant, Mr Glen Koh (“Mr
Koh”), attempted to argue that s 27(4) of the SCJA further extended this
jurisdiction to cases involving appeals from the Subordinate Courts to the
High Court. Section 27 reads as follows:

**27.** —(1) In addition to the powers conferred on the High Court by this Act
or any other written law, the High Court shall have general supervisory and
revisionary jurisdiction over all subordinate courts.

(2) The High Court may in particular, but without prejudice to the generality
of subsection (1), if it appears desirable in the interests of justice, either
of its own motion or at the instance of any party or person interested, at any
stage in any matter or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, in any
subordinate court, call for the record thereof, and may remove the matter or
proceeding into the High Court or may give to the subordinate court such
directions as to the further conduct of the matter or proceeding as justice
may require.

(3) Upon the High Court calling for any record under subsection (2), all
proceedings in the subordinate court in the matter or proceeding in question
shall be stayed pending further order of the High Court.

(4) The High Court shall, when exercising (or deciding whether to exercise)
its supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction under subsection (1) or powers
under subsection (2) in relation to any matter which concerns a case where the
High Court has heard and determined an appeal from a subordinate court, have
regard to whether that matter was, or could reasonably have been, raised in
that appeal.

19 Mr Koh’s argument was wholly wrong-headed. Sub-section (1) clearly states
that the High Court’s general supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction shall
be over _subordinate courts_. Sub-section (2) gives the High Court the power
to call for the record of any matter in a _subordinate court_ and/or transfer
cases in the _subordinate court_ to the High Court. Both of these sub-sections
deal _specifically with the subordinate courts_. Section 27(4) cannot be read
disjunctively from ss 27(1) and 27(2). The need to have regard to whether a
matter was, or could reasonably have been, raised in an appeal before the High
Court _only applies_ where a High Court is exercising its supervisory and
revisionary jurisdiction over a subordinate court. All s 27(4) does is to
introduce a further set of considerations to judicial review of _subordinate
court decisions_ which had been determined on appeal to the High Court.

20 Section 27(4) is in line with the common law understanding of the
interaction between an appeal and a judicial review. The position in relation
to judicial review where a statutory right of appeal exists is succinctly
summarised in _De Smith’s Judicial Review_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2007) at
para 16-018:

... Judicial review is essentially a mechanism to be used where there is no
statutory right of appeal. In almost all cases the Administrative Court will
regard a statutory appeal, whether to a court or a tribunal, as a proper
substitute for judicial review, though exceptional circumstances may dictate
otherwise.

21 An applicant is expected to raise both a challenge of legality _and_ merits
on appeal given that if:

... the error in law or procedural unfairness was cured in the appeal, then
the result of the appeal would render the issue as to the impact of the error
of law or procedural unfairness in the first trial academic ...

see _Regina v Peterborough Magistrates’ Court, ex parte Dowler_ [1997] QB 911
(at 923). Section 27(4) helps to strain out cases where an applicant is merely
seeking to re-litigate an issue which can, and ought, to have been raised on
appeal to a superior court. It follows the traditional view that the
appropriate place for reviewing a decision of a superior court is by way of
appeal and not judicial review. It is _not_ authority for the proposition that
a superior court is susceptible to judicial review.

22 The High Court is part of the Supreme Court, the superior court of record;
see s 3, SCJA. It exercises appellate civil and criminal jurisdiction. As a
superior court, its decisions are not susceptible to judicial review.
Sinnathuray J opined in _Abdul Wahab bin Sulaiman v Commandant, Tanglin
Detention Barracks_ [1985–1986] SLR(R) 7 (at [14]):

... Where courts are expressly declared by statute to be superior courts, it
is _beyond doubt_ that the High Court has no supervisory jurisdiction over
them. _Their decisions cannot be subject to review by the High Court_. ...
[emphasis added]

23 Section 9 of the SCJA states:

**Constitution of High Court**

**9**. The High Court shall consist of —

(_a_) the Chief Justice; and

(_b_) the Judges of the High Court.

24 Section 2 of the SCJA defines a “Judge of Appeal” as including “the Chief
Justice and a Judge of the High Court sitting as a judge of the Court of
Appeal under section 29(3)”. While the Court of Appeal has a different
appellate jurisdiction, there appears to be no distinction in the SCJA between
the High Court and the Court of Appeal in terms of its status as a superior
court. The High Court and the Court of Appeal are treated as a unitary Supreme
(and superior) court where Judges of the High Court may sit as a judge of the
Court of Appeal under s 29(3) of the SCJA, and Judges of Appeal may sit in the
High Court under s 10(3) of the SCJA.

25 Accepting the Applicant’s proposition that a right of judicial review lies
against a High Court decision (whether by way of review by another High Court
Judge or by the Court of Appeal) would be tantamount to saying that the
superior court of Singapore can exercise supervisory jurisdiction over itself.
This makes nonsense of the word “supervisory”. In _Bright Impex v Public
Prosecutor_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 961 (“ _Bright Impex_ ”), it had been ordered by
the district judge that the goods the petitioner had acquired be forfeited
under s 130(1)(_c_) of the Customs Act (Cap 70, 1995 Rev Ed). The petitioner’s
appeal was dismissed by the High Court. He then applied to the High Court to
exercise its powers of revision under s 266 of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) to reverse the forfeiture order. Yong Pung How CJ
dismissed the application and held (at [13] and [14]):

13 ... The general supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction of the High Court
as prescribed in s 27(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act [Cap 322] is…
_limited to jurisdiction over the Subordinate Courts_. ...

14 … What the petitioner was seeking in effect was for the High Court to
exercise its power of revision _over a decision made by_** _its own court_**.
From the definition of ‘subordinate courts’ in the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act and the wording of s 266(1) of the CPC, _it is clear that the High Court
does not have the power to exercise its powers of criminal revision over a
decision of the Subordinate Court which had already been upheld on appeal by
the High Court_. The petition for revision could have been dismissed on this
basis alone.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

26 Quoting _Bright Impex_ (at [14]) with approval in _Tee Kok Boon v Public
Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 398 (also in the context of criminal revision),
Tay Yong Kwang J further elaborated (at [15]):

I agree entirely with the above statement which I apply to the factual
situation in the present application. Each High Court has co-ordinate
jurisdiction and one High Court cannot profess to exercise revisionary or
supervisory jurisdiction over another. Even the Court of Appeal does not have
powers of judicial review over the High Court. ...

27 Tay J had applied the same principle in the context of setting aside
summary judgment in _Poh Soon Kiat v Hotel Ramada of Nevada (trading as
Tropicana Resort & Casino)_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 756 (“ _Poh Soon Kiat_ ”). Tay J
reasoned that if there were conflicting positions taken by the High Court in
different cases touching on the same issue, parties would be able to use the
guise of setting aside to resurrect cases and persuade a court of coordinate
jurisdiction to side with one High Court’s position over another. Tay J found
that this would go against the need for orderly administration of justice and
finality. He concluded (at [30]):

What I have said applies with even greater force to the contention that the
learned judicial commissioner might have made the wrong finding of fact due to
the paucity of evidence in the O 14 proceedings. No High Court sits in an
appellate, revisionary or supervisory jurisdiction over another High Court.

28 What the Applicant sought to do in the present application is similar to
what the applicant in _Poh Soon Kiat_ sought, _viz_ , to challenge the
evidence on which the High Court Judge based his decision and to introduce
further evidence which had not been provided, although it could and should
have been, at trial. Tay J’s comments in _Poh Soon Kiat_ (at [25]) on the
implication of allowing such applications are apposite in this context:

... Disgruntled unsuccessful litigants who have lost their appeals or lost
their right to appeal (or in decisions which are final and cannot be appealed
against) may be encouraged to lodge back-door appeals under the guise of fresh
proceedings to set aside regularly-obtained judgments on the ground of
illegality by pleading some substantive provision of law which could and
should have been raised as an issue in the earlier proceedings. ...

29 Given that the Supreme Court cannot exercise supervisory and revisionary
jurisdiction over itself, nor a High Court review a decision of a court of
coordinate jurisdiction, I found that there was no scope to judicially review
Lee J’s decision. The Application could have been dismissed on this basis
alone.

Susceptibility to review of the subject matter

30 I further found that the substance of the Application was wholly unsuited
for judicial review.

31 The _raison d’etre_ of judicial review is different from that of an appeal.
While an appeal relates to the merits of the decision, judicial review is an
attack on the tribunal’s _manner_ of decision-making (including whether there
has been an abuse of discretion or breach of natural justice, irrationality,
Wednesbury unreasonableness or bad faith). Put another way, an appeal asks
whether a decision is correct while judicial review asks whether a decision is
invalid. V K Rajah J opined in _Wong Keng Leong Rayney v Law Society of
Singapore_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 934 (“ _Rayney Wong_ ”) (at [79]):

… there is a clear distinction between the powers that a superior court
exercises in judicial reviews and appeals. While judicial reviews and appeals
are two avenues that an unsatisfied party in an inferior tribunal may have
recourse to, they are separate and distinct in so far as they are designed to
address two different  _types_ of wrongs that the tribunal may commit.
Judicial review is almost invariably limited to examining,  _inter alia_ ,
whether the tribunal has exceeded its jurisdiction, whether there has been an
abuse of discretion or a failure of natural justice, and whether the tribunal
has acted irrationally, unreasonably or in bad faith. In other words, it
hinges on the legality of the decision. An appeal, on the other hand has a
wider scope: an appellate court may in limited circumstances evaluate the
substantive merits of the decision arrived at by the tribunal ... the
reviewing court cannot substitute its decision for that of the administrative
body under review. [emphasis in original]

32 In other words, if the Application does not concern the manner in which the
decision was made or suggest that the decision was made _ultra vires_ the
tribunal’s powers, then it is not susceptible to judicial review.

33 The Application seeks an order “that the [district judge’s] judgment in
[the Suit] be affirmed in whole”. This would require the court to substitute
the district judge’s decision for that of the appellate courts. This belongs
in the domain of an appeal and not of judicial review.

34 Moreover, the grounds which are raised have to do with the substance of Lee
J’s decision. The Applicant’s first ground for judicial review was to question
the substantive conclusions which Lee J drew from the evidence before him. The
Applicant’s second ground for judicial review repeated the grounds of appeal
raised before Lee J in the application for leave. This claim was essentially
that evidence had been suppressed. This was not a complaint about Lee J’s
decision or even about his manner of decision-making, but was a complaint
about the Respondent’s conduct.

35 The Applicant cannot use judicial review to impugn the conduct of the
Respondent. The Applicant was seeking to challenge the _findings_ that were
made by Lee J, implicitly inviting the reviewing court to perform the task of
making fresh findings. In other words, the Applicant was seeking to impeach
Lee J’s decision because it was incorrect, _not_ because it was invalid.
Judicial review is a wholly inappropriate vehicle for this effort. As V K
Rajah J explained in _Rayney Wong_ (at [79]), “The reviewing court may declare
that the task has been performed badly in law but it cannot take the further
step of actually performing the task itself.”

36 Accordingly, I found that the substance of the Application was not
susceptible to judicial review. For this reason as well, leave should not be
granted to allow the Application to proceed.

Whether there was an arguable case of reasonable suspicion

37 In view of the foregoing, there was no need to delve into the question
whether there was an arguable or _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in
favour of granting the remedy sought. Suffice it to say that, in any event, I
also found that there was no arguable case of reasonable suspicion in relation
to the _manner_ of Lee J’s decision-making.

Abuse of process

38 I should add that I found the Application to be egregious and an abuse of
process. The Applicant had two and a half bites of the proverbial cherry. It
brought its suit before the district judge and was heard fully on the merits.
The chance to appeal was open to both the Applicant and the Respondent and
heard before the High Court. The Applicant then applied to Lee J and made
submissions on why it should be allowed to appeal. Its skeletal arguments,
including supporting documents for the hearing on leave to appeal, ran into
185 pages. It was given the opportunity to canvass arguments before leave was
refused. This was wholly unlike a situation where there was no opportunity to
appeal and where judicial review may be the _only means_ of supervising an
inferior court or tribunal. The fact that the Applicant lost for the first
time before the High Court did not alter the fact that it had had numerous
opportunities to make its case known _and_ to produce evidence which could
properly dispose of the case.

39 Under s 34(2)(_a_) read with s 34(2B) of the SCJA, a refusal to give leave
to appeal is final. This was a streamlined process intended to strain out
hopeless appeals. The concern that this streamlining process was unduly
restrictive had already been raised and addressed during the Parliamentary
debates for the amendment of the SCJA in 2010\. _The Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Reports_ (18 October 2010) vol 87 at cols 1388–1389 on the
Second Reading of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Bill, states:

The next concern that Ms Lim raises is the fact that now the High Court Judge
becomes the final gatekeeper for all leave applications. First of all, I think
it is important to put this amendment in its proper perspective and to bear in
mind that the requirement to apply for leave to appeal usually applies only to
the second tier of appeals, that is, the Court of Appeal. As I mentioned
earlier, the majority of interlocutory applications are fixed before an
Assistant Registrar and, as Mr Hri Kumar has reminded us, would enjoy one tier
of appeal to the High Court Judge. Similarly, in a substantive case, cases
which are commenced in the High Court can be appealed to the Court of Appeal
as of right. Those that require leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal are
those which commenced in the Subordinate Courts and, for these cases, they
would already have enjoyed a one-tier of appeal to the High Court either as of
right, if the amount is more than $50,000; or with leave of, first, the court
hearing a case, say, of $40,000, whether it is Magistrates’ or District Court;
and if leave is turned down, a second bite of the cherry – asking the High
Court for leave. I would suggest that – even though Ms Lim does speak strongly
about it – the impact of the amendment may not be such a big one.

40 Parliament’s intention is very clear: the High Court Judge, as the first
tier of appeal, is to be the final gatekeeper for leave applications of a
particular type. The Applicant’s case falls within this band of cases, and Lee
J’s decision in the Appeal was final.

41 The Application was, in essence, a “back-door appeal”. I have already noted
Tay J’s comments in _Poh Soon Kiat_ on the need for finality and preventing
such back-door appeals (see [28] above). The _dicta_ of the High Court of
Australia in _Burrell v The Queen_ (2008) 82 ALJR 1221 (at [15]) is also
useful in explaining the importance of maintaining finality:

... “A central and pervading tenet of the judicial system is that
controversies, once resolved, are not to be reopened except in a few, narrowly
defined, circumstances.” That tenet finds reflection in rules concerning the
bringing of an action to set aside a final judgment on the ground that it was
procured by fraud and in doctrines of res judicata and issue estoppel. The
principal qualification … is provided by the appellate system. But in courts
other than the court of final resort, the tenet also finds reflection in the
restrictions upon reopening of final orders after they have been formally
recorded.

42 I also noted that this application was a back-door means of introducing
further evidence. The Applicant had filed a new affidavit on 21 January 2013
furnishing evidence of the manufacturer’s price increase. There is already a
provision under the SCJA to ask for further arguments and evidence to be
admitted. This would also have to go through Lee J as the High Court Judge who
decided the Appeal. In either case, bringing by judicial review what should
have been brought by way of appeal or an application for further arguments
under s 28A of the SCJA is an abuse of process. If the motivation is to
circumvent the discretion of the High Court Judge hearing the case, then this
is also a clear circumvention of the purpose of the SCJA.

Conclusion

43 I found that the Application was entirely hopeless and an abuse of process.
I accordingly dismissed the Application and awarded costs of $500 as sought by
the Attorney-General.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Apr 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

