Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Adnan bin Kadir  
[2013] SGCA 34

Case Number| :| Criminal Reference No 3 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 June 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; V K Rajah JA; Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Lit Cheng and Wong Woon Kwong (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the applicant; Abraham Vergis and Clive Myint Soe (Providence
Law Asia LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Adnan bin Kadir  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 1 SLR 276.]

28 June 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This criminal reference arose from a decision of the High Court in _Adnan
bin Kadir v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] SGHC 196 (“the Judgment”). In the light
of the Judgment, the Public Prosecutor (“the PP”) referred the following
question of law of public interest (“the Question”) to this court pursuant to
s 397(2) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”):

Whether, in the case of a prosecution for an offence under section 7 of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Chapter 185, 2008 Rev Ed), the Prosecution bears the
burden of proving, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the accused imported the
controlled drug _for the purpose of trafficking_.

[emphasis in original]

Background

2 The Respondent, Adnan bin Kadir, pleaded guilty in the District Court to
importing 0.01g of diamorphine (a Class A controlled drug), which is an
offence under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the
MDA”). Section 7 states:

**Import and export of controlled drugs**

**7.** Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person
to import into or export from Singapore a controlled drug.

3 In mitigation, the Respondent asserted, _inter alia_ , that he had imported
the drugs for his own consumption. The Prosecution disputed this assertion but
argued that it did not, in any event, qualify the Respondent’s guilty plea.
The senior district judge agreed and sentenced the Respondent to the mandatory
minimum punishment of 5 years’ imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane (as
prescribed under s 33 read with the Second Schedule of the MDA). This was on
account of the Respondent’s lack of antecedents, his early plea of guilt, and
the relatively small amount of drugs involved. With his consent, a second
charge of importing methamphetamine was taken into consideration for the
purpose of sentencing.

4 The Respondent then appealed against the sentence imposed. To support his
appeal, he filed a mitigation plea in which he reiterated that he had brought
the drugs into Singapore for his own consumption. The High Court held that s 7
required the Prosecution to prove, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the accused
imported the drugs concerned for the purpose of trafficking. Since this was
not proven by the Prosecution, the High Court set aside the Respondent’s
conviction and remitted the case to the District Court for a new trial. The
effect of the Judgment is that for there to be an offence under s 7, the
Prosecution must also prove, in addition to the act of importing, that the
drugs were imported for purposes of trafficking.

Our decision

Setting the scene

5 The answer to the Question hinges on how the word “import” in s 7 should be
interpreted. The starting point for construing the word “import” is the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IA”). Section 2(1) of the IA
states:

**Interpretation of certain words and expressions**

**2.** —(1) In this Act, and in every written law enacted before or after 28th
December 1965, the following words and expressions shall … have the meanings
respectively assigned to them unless there is something in the subject or
context inconsistent with such construction or unless it is therein otherwise
expressly provided:

…

“import”, with its grammatical variations and cognate expressions, means to
bring or cause to be brought into Singapore by land, sea or air;

…

6 Thus, s 2(1) of the IA gives the word “import” its plain ordinary meaning,
_viz_ , the bringing of an object into the country. This definition does not
require that the object must be brought into Singapore for any particular
purpose before it would qualify as an act of importation. Therefore, if this
is the correct interpretation of the term “import”, then the answer to the
Question would be “No”.

7 Section 2(1) states that the definitions in the IA _shall_ apply unless the
written law expressly provides otherwise or unless “there is something in the
subject or context inconsistent with such construction”. Since the MDA does
not expressly assign a different meaning to the word “import”, the key
question is whether the meaning given by the IA is inconsistent with the
subject or context of the MDA.

8 What does “subject or context” mean? The word “context” is defined by the
learned author of _Bennion on Statutory Interpretation_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed,
2008) as follows (at p 588):

For the purpose of applying the informed interpretation rule, the context of
an enactment comprises, in addition to the other provisions of the Act
containing it, the legislative history of that Act, the provisions of other
Acts _in pari materia_ , and all facts constituting or concerning the subject-
matter of the Act.

This broad definition is consistent with s 9A(2) of the IA, which allows
courts to consider any extrinsic material that would assist in ascertaining
the meaning of a statutory provision. We would therefore adopt this definition
in relation to the word “context” in s 2(1) of the IA. As for the word
“subject”, it is clear that the MDA is a law enacted by Parliament as a
demonstration of Singapore’s determination (and in fulfilment of her
international obligations) to suppress the illicit importation into and
exportation from Singapore of controlled drugs and the illicit trafficking of
the same. In the words of the Privy Council in _Ong Ah Chuan and another v PP_
[1979-1980] SLR(R) 710 (“ _Ong Ah Chuan_ ”) at [38], it is a law “to prevent
the growth of drug addiction in Singapore by stamping out the illicit drug
trade”.

9 The question then is whether there is anything in the MDA, or the relevant
extrinsic materials, that is inconsistent with the meaning of “import” given
by the IA, thereby suggesting that Parliament had in mind a different meaning
when it used the word “import” in s 7 of the MDA. In deciding this question,
three things must be borne in mind.

10 First, s 2 of the Dangerous Drugs Act (Cap 151, 1970 Rev Ed) (“the DDA”),
which was one of the predecessors of the MDA, defined “import” as “to bring,
or to cause to be brought into Singapore by land, air or water, otherwise than
in transit”. However, when the DDA was repealed and the MDA enacted in its
place in 1973, Parliament chose to remove this definition without inserting a
new one in its place. This suggests that Parliament had consciously decided to
let the term be defined in accordance with s 2(1) of the IA. The High Court
agreed with this view (at [18] of the Judgment).

11 Second, Parliament has seen it fit to expressly provide in s 5(2) of the
MDA that a person commits the offence of trafficking in a drug if he has that
drug in his possession “for the purpose of trafficking”:

**Trafficking in controlled drugs**

**5.** —(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a
person, on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not
that other person is in Singapore —

(_a_) to traffic in a controlled drug;

(_b_) to offer to traffic in a controlled drug; or

(_c_) to do or offer to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
trafficking in a controlled drug.

_(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking._

[emphasis added]

As the Deputy Public Prosecutors (“the DPPs”) have submitted, if Parliament
had intended that for importation to be an offence under s 7 there must also
be an intent to traffic, it could easily have made this clear by including
words such as “for the purpose of trafficking” in s 7, as was done in s 5(2)
above. However, that was not done.

12 Third, the word “import” appears in no fewer than 72 statutes, and in a
significant number of these, Parliament gave “import” a custom definition that
is different from that in the IA. In some statutes, “import” was expressly
defined to _exclude_ the bringing of goods into Singapore for a particular
purpose. For example, in the Sale of Drugs Act (Cap 282, 1985 Rev Ed),
“import” is defined in s 2 as follows:

“import”, with its grammatical variations and cognate expressions, means to
bring or cause to be brought into Singapore by land, water or air from any
place which is outside Singapore _but does not include the bringing into
Singapore by water or air of any goods which it is proved to be_** _intended
to be taken out of Singapore_** _on the same vessel or aircraft on which they
were brought into Singapore without any landing or transhipment within
Singapore_ ; ...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

We would also refer to the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed), where the
word “import” is not defined in the statute but the offence-creating section
specifies that importation is only an offence when done for a particular
purpose:

**Importing or selling, etc., goods with falsely applied trade mark**

**49.** Any person who —

_(a) imports into Singapore_ **_for the purpose of trade or manufacture_** _;_

...

any goods to which a registered trade mark is falsely applied shall, unless he
proves that —

(i) having taken all reasonable precautions against committing an offence
under this section, he had, at the time of the commission of the alleged
offence, no reason to suspect the genuineness of the mark and on demand made
by or on behalf of the prosecution, he gave all the information in his power
with respect to the persons from whom he obtained the goods; or

(ii) he had acted innocently,

be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $10,000 for each goods or thing to which the trade mark is falsely
applied (but not exceeding in the aggregate $100,000) or to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding 5 years or to both.

[emphasis added in bold and bold italics]

Thus, where Parliament intended for a different definition of import to apply,
or where it wished to restrict the scope of the offence of importation, it has
made this clear in the statutes concerned. The question before us is whether
the MDA is an exception to this practice.

13 With this background in mind, we now turn to consider the Question.

The Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs 1961

14 A substantial part of the Judgment was devoted to discussing the Single
Convention on Narcotic Drugs 1961 (“the Single Convention”), which Singapore
acceded to on 15 March 1973. After a careful analysis, the High Court
concluded that the Single Convention “was not intended to oblige Party States
to criminalise the mere physical transfer of drugs from one Party State to
another Party State” and therefore does not require him to interpret s 7 of
the MDA to that effect (at [27]).

15 But even assuming that this conclusion is correct, that is not the end of
the question. As noted in the Judgment (at [30]), Article 39 of the Single
Convention expressly provides that Party States are not precluded from
adopting stricter laws than those required by it. The question therefore is
whether Parliament had intended to adopt stricter drug laws than as required
by the Single Convention. If that was indeed Parliament’s intention then it
would not be appropriate to rely upon the Single Convention to curtail or
limit the scope of the MDA.

The case law

Cases on the applicability of the IA’s definition of “import”

16 Our courts have repeatedly and consistently applied the IA’s definition of
“import” to s 7 of the MDA.

17 In _PP v Ko Mun Cheung and another_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 226 (“ _Ko Mun Cheung
(HC)_ ”), the accused persons were charged under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 1985 Rev Ed) (which is identical to s 7 of the present MDA) for
importing diamorphine into Singapore. In their defence, they argued that they
had intended to carry the drugs to Amsterdam; they only broke their journey in
Singapore for convenience and not with a view to disposing of the drug in
Singapore or delivering it to any person in Singapore. The High Court, then
consisting of two judges for the trial of capital cases, rejected this
argument and explained as follows:

22 On this evidence, your counsel has submitted that you have not committed
the offence of importing the drug into Singapore under s 7 of the Act but only
of being in possession under s 5 thereof. The submission is valid only if the
word “import” in s 7 has a meaning which restricts it to bringing something
into Singapore as its ultimate destination. _The DPP has referred us to two
decisions which support the contrary view that the word “import” in s 7 should
be given its ordinary and natural meaning of bringing something into a
country_ , **_whatever the purpose may be_** _and whether or not it is the
ultimate destination thereof_** _._** In _R v Geesman_ (1970) 13 CRNS 240, a
Quebec Sessions Court found the accused guilty of importing hashish into
Canada under s 5(1) of the Narcotic Control Act 1960-61 when he was arrested
by the customs authorities at Dorval Airport, Montreal after arriving from
Spain with ten pounds of hashish strapped to his body which he had intended to
transport to British Columbia and then across the border to the United States.
_Section 5(1) is similar to s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 1985 Rev
Ed), and neither law contains a definition of the word “import”. The President
of the court gave the word its ordinary and natural meaning, ie to bring or
cause to be brought in something from a foreign country._ His Honour was able
to ascertain the intention of the Canadian Parliament as to the scope of that
word by reference to Canada having ratified the United Nations’ Single
Convention on Narcotic Drugs (1961), Art 1, s 1(M) of which defines the word
“import” to mean the transfer of drugs from one state to another state. ...

...

24 _In our view, the reasoning in_ R v Geesman _is applicable to ascertaining
the meaning of the word “import” in s 7 of the Act._ Singapore has also
ratified the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs. The Misuse of Drugs Act is
not a law which is concerned with customs duty but a law enacted by Parliament
as part of Singapore’s efforts to suppress the illegal importation into and
exportation from Singapore of controlled drugs as defined in the Misuse of
Drugs Act.

25 Furthermore, the DPP has drawn our attention to s 2 of the Interpretation
Act (Cap 1, 1985 Rev Ed) which defines the word “import”, with its grammatical
variations and cognate expressions, to mean, “to bring or cause to be brought
into Singapore by land, sea and air”. _The definition is clear and
unambiguous. We do not see any reason for not applying the statutory
definition to the said word in the Misuse of Drugs Act._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The convicts’ appeal was dismissed by the Court of Criminal Appeal in _Ko Mun
Cheung and another v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 887 (“ _Ko Mun Cheung (CA)_ ”). The
court held as follows:

19 Counsel for AMK submitted that the definition of “import” in the
Interpretation Act was inapplicable to the Act as that definition was
inconsistent with the provisions of the Act. ...

20 We were unable to see any reason why the definition of “import” in the
Interpretation Act should not apply to the word “import” in the Act. We
accordingly agree with the decision of the trial judges that as the two
appellants had (knowingly) brought the diamorphine in question into Singapore,
they had contravened s 7 of the Act. ...

18 In _PP v Ng Kwok Chun and another_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 159, the issue was
whether the accused persons were guilty of importing drugs under s 7 by
bringing the drugs into the transit lounge of Changi Airport. Defence counsel
argued that s 7 would only be violated if the drugs had crossed the customs
area; there was no importation into Singapore if the drugs remained in the
transit area. The High Court rejected this argument, stating (at [23]):

In our view, the words “import into Singapore” as used in the Act is not
intended to bear the narrow and uniquely specialised meaning for which defence
counsel contended. To subscribe to the view advocated by counsel for Ng would
negative its purport and be a construction contrary to the intention of the
Legislature. Our view is therefore in tandem with the opinion expressed by
Chan Sek Keong J in [_Ko Mun Cheung (HC)_] ([21] supra), and _we are of the
view that the word “import” must include the bringing in of any merchandise
from a foreign country for sale_** _or use_** _in Singapore as well as for
transhipment or distribution overseas._ It follows therefore that bringing
drugs from elsewhere into Singapore albeit into the transit lounge of the
Singapore airport with a view only to proceeding to another destination would
fall within the scope and ambit of the word “import” as used in s 7 of the
Act.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

On appeal, the Court of Criminal Appeal in _Ng Kwok Chun and another v PP_
[1992] 3 SLR(R) 256 (“ _Ng Kwok Chun (CA)_ ”) affirmed the High Court judgment
and held that the definition of “import” in the IA applied to the MDA:

21 The problems caused by the proliferation of the availability of narcotic
drugs have to an extent been addressed by the United Nations in the form of
the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs 1961 (“the Convention”). The
Convention was ratified and acceded to by Singapore on 14 April 1973 and it is
not disputed that the Act (which was passed as Act No 5 of 1973) is intended
to give effect to Singapore’s obligations under the Convention. Article
1(1)(m) of the Convention defines “import” as follows:

‘Import’ and ‘export’ mean in their respective connotations the physical
transfer of drugs from one state to another state, or from one territory to
another territory of the same state.

22 There is nothing in this definition that gives “import” any narrower
meaning than the meaning ascribed to it by the Interpretation Act (Cap 1). _It
is clear that Parliament intends to give effect to its international
obligations, and “import” in s 7 of the Act must have the same meaning as that
given by the Interpretation Act (Cap 1)._

[emphasis added]

19 The argument adopted by defence counsel in _Ng Kwok Chun_ was repeated in
_Tse Po Chung Nathan and another v PP_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 308 (“ _Nathan Tse_ ”).
Once again, it was rejected by the Court of Criminal Appeal, which held as
follows (at [18]):

The objects of our MDA are clear, namely, to eradicate drug abuse and drug
trafficking. There is a clear and simple definition of the word “import” in
our Interpretation Act. There is nothing in the context or subject of the MDA
which demands that that definition should not be applied to the MDA.

20 More recently, in _Tan Kiam Peng v PP_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Tan Kiam Peng_
”), this court applied the IA’s definition of “import” to s 7 of the MDA,
albeit without further comment (at [56]–[57]).

21 _Ko Mun Cheung (CA)_ , _Ng Kwok Chun (CA)_ and _Nathan Tse_ were discussed
in the Judgment. Essentially, the High Court distinguished the three cases on
the basis that the issue of personal consumption did not arise and was not
specifically addressed in those cases (at [34], [37] and [38]). Instead, the
courts were addressing the argument that the offence of importation under s 7
of the MDA was not established where the accused who brought the drugs into
Singapore was merely passing through with the ultimate aim of distributing the
drugs in another country.

22 While we agree that the issue of personal consumption did not arise in
those cases, the clear _ratio_ of those cases (as we have reproduced above)
was that the word “import” in s 7 of the MDA should bear the plain meaning
given by s 2(1) of the IA. It is _because_ “import” is defined in this way
that it did not matter whether the drugs were only brought into Singapore in
transit – the offence of importation was constituted the moment the drugs were
brought physically into Singapore, and the fact that the drugs never left the
restricted area of the transit lounge at the airport was immaterial. In our
view, if this _ratio_ is correct, then it must also apply to the question of
whether the drugs have to be brought into Singapore for the purposes of
trafficking in order for s 7 to bite. We cannot apply the IA’s definition of
“import” in transit cases but jettison it in cases where drugs are imported
for the purpose of personal consumption. As a matter of logic, if it is
immaterial to the offence of importation under s 7 that the drugs were brought
into Singapore only temporarily with a view to bringing them out to another
country, then it also should not matter that the drugs were brought into
Singapore for personal consumption. For the purposes of s 7, the critical act
is the bringing into Singapore of the drugs; the further intention of the
person who brought the drugs in Singapore is wholly immaterial and cannot
alter the fact that the person has imported the drugs into Singapore.

23 Of course, the Court of Appeal is not bound by its previous decisions:
Practice Statement (Judicial Precedent) of the Court of Appeal [1994] 2 SLR
689, and we acknowledge that it may well be desirable to reconsider whether
the IA’s definition of “import” should continue to apply to the MDA in the
light of new fact situations. As this court noted in _Lee Chez Kee v PP_
[2008] 3 SLR(R) 447 (at [122]):

... the courts should never shy away from re-examining the interpretation of
any statutory provision ... if it is found that the existing interpretation is
not satisfactory or is plainly wrong. The fact that the existing
interpretation has been around for a long time does not preclude the courts
from re-examining such interpretation, if the doctrine of _stare decisis_ is
not offended.

Cases on the issue of personal consumption

24 In _Tan Kheng Chun Ray v PP_ [2012] 2 SLR 437 (“ _Ray Tan_ ”), the accused
had pleaded guilty to, _inter alia_ , two charges under s 7 of the MDA
involving the importation of 14.99g of diamorphine and 1.12g of
methamphetamine. The issue was whether the one-transaction rule applied so
that the sentences for both charges should run concurrently, given that the
diamorphine was imported for the purpose of trafficking while the
methamphetamine was imported for the accused’s own consumption. This court
held that it did, stating (at [17]):

The Judge in the present case considered that the one-transaction rule did not
apply in respect of the First and Second Charges because the drugs in respect
of each of the two charges were imported for different purposes: the
diamorphine was imported for the specific purpose of passing on to a drug
courier whilst the metamphetamine [_sic_] was imported for the Appellant’s own
consumption ... On closer analysis, however, such reasoning yields, with
respect, counterintuitive results. We elaborate by considering a hypothetical
situation. If the Appellant had imported the methamphetamine for the purpose
of passing it on to a drug courier (the same purpose for which he had imported
the diamorphine), the one-transaction rule would apply in his favour. _This,
in our view, would be an unsatisfactory application of the one-transaction
rule because importing drugs for the purpose of trafficking is more serious
than importation of drugs for one’s own consumption._ Such a view is founded
upon the fact that trafficking in drugs generally carries stiffer penalties as
compared to possession and/or consumption of drugs (see the Second Schedule to
the Act for the prescribed penalties). **_Given that it is trite that motive
in committing an offence is a relevant sentencing consideration_** (see, for
example, the Singapore High Court decision _of Zhao Zhipeng v PP_ [2008] 4
SLR(R) 879 at [37]), it would, with respect, be wrong, on the facts of this
particular case, to reject the one-transaction rule and sentence a less
culpable offender to a more severe sentence...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

25 The High Court distinguished this case (at [41] of the Judgment) on the
basis that the defence of personal consumption was not raised and addressed by
the court in _Ray Tan_. It further noted that although the court had said that
an accused’s motive for committing an offence is a relevant sentencing
consideration, it did not say that motive is _irrelevant_ for other purposes
(by which the High Court presumably meant the purpose of conviction). With
respect, we have some difficulty with this distinction: the issue of whether
motive is a relevant factor in sentencing would not even have arisen if the
offence itself is not established. In other words, if the importation of drugs
for the purpose of personal consumption is not an offence under s 7, then
there would be no need to even consider whether an accused who imported drugs
for this purpose would merit a lesser sentence. Therefore, although the court
did not explicitly address the defence of personal consumption in _Ray Tan_ ,
it had at least _implicitly assumed_ that it was not necessary for the
Prosecution to establish that the importation of the drugs must be for the
purposes of trafficking before there could be an offence under s 7. However,
we acknowledge that the court in _Ray Tan_ did not expressly consider whether
an intent to traffic was a necessary element of an offence under s 7.

26 The defence of personal consumption _was_ directly addressed in _PP v Majid
bin Abdul Rahman_ [2007] SGDC 222 (“ _Majid_ ”). In that case, the accused was
charged with importing 1.23 grams of diamorphine. He argued that he was not
guilty of importation because the drugs were meant for his own consumption and
not for delivery to anyone else. However, the district judge rejected this
argument, stating (at [4]–[6]):

4 It was the submission of the defence that even though High Court in [_Ko Mun
Cheung (HC)_] had ruled that the statutory definition of the word “import” in
Section 2 of the Interpretation Act Cap 1 ... should apply to the word
“import” in the Misuse of Drugs Act, the accused in this case, because of the
fact that the amount of controlled drugs that he brought into Singapore was
only 1.23 grams and because of the drugs were meant for his own consumption
should only be considered to have “transported” the controlled drug, and “mere
transportation of drug will not amount to trafficking unless it is shown that
it is to be delivered to some third person” ([_Ong Ah Chuan_]).

5 There was nothing wrong with learned counsel’s submission with regard to the
definition of “transport” in the context of the definition of “trafficking” in
Section 2 of the Misuse of Drugs Act. Unfortunately for the accused in this
case, the charge against him was not for an offence under Section 5 of the
Misuse of Drugs but for an offence of “importing” under Section 7 of the
Misuse of Drugs.

6 The social object to the Misuse of Drugs Act is to prevent the growth of
drug addiction in Singapore and the legislature has seen it fit to provide for
different penalties for possession, trafficking, importing and other offences
under the Act. Counsel for the defence was wrong when he submitted that “the
punishments prescribed for trafficking and importing are identical”. Whilst
the minimum punishments for importing and trafficking in Class A drugs are
similar, the minimum punishments for importing and trafficking in Class B and
Class C drugs are not the same. The minimum punishments for importing Class B
and Class C drugs are higher than for trafficking in the similar drugs ... _As
mentioned earlier, the High Court in [Ko Mun Cheung (HC)] has ruled on the
definition of “import” in the Misuse of Drugs Act and there was absolutely no
reason for the court to agree with defence counsel that an offence under
Section 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act would not be committed unless the
importer intended to deliver the controlled drug to other parties._

[emphasis added]

27 In the Judgment (at [45]), the High Court characterised the district
judge’s decision in _Majid_ as follows:

In _Majid_ , the district judge relied on three reasons in holding that there
is a difference in kind between the offence of trafficking and the offence of
importation. The first reason was that the case law on trafficking was
irrelevant because the charge against the accused was that of importation and
not trafficking. The second reason, which can be dismissed immediately as
erroneous (see [34] above), was that the High Court in _Ko Mun Cheung (HC)_
([32] supra) decided, implicitly, that personal consumption was not a defence
to the offence of importation. The third reason was that the offence of
importation carries a higher punishment than trafficking in relation to Class
B and Class C controlled drugs, and therefore they are different offences.

In our view, however, the main basis for the district judge’s decision was
that _Ko Mun Cheung (HC)_ had ruled that the definition of “import” in the IA
applies to s 7 of the MDA. As we have noted at [6] above, if the IA’s
definition applies, then the accused’s purpose for bringing drugs into
Singapore is irrelevant to the question of whether he had imported drugs
within the meaning of s 7. Thus, _Ko Mun Cheung (HC)_ (together with cases
like _Ng Kwok Chun (CA)_ and _Nathan Tse_) _had_ indeed decided – implicitly –
that trafficking is not an element of the offence of importing under s 7. Thus
personal consumption cannot be a defence to the offence of importation, and we
respectfully have to disagree with the High Court that the district judge’s
“second reason” in _Majid_ was erroneous.

28 We turn next to consider the relevance of the cases on drug trafficking.

Cases on drug trafficking

29 In deciding that s 7 refers only to importation for the purpose of
trafficking, the High Court drew support from the reasoning in _Ong Ah Chuan_
, _Lau Chi Sing v PP_ [1988] 2 SLR(R) 451 (“ _Lau Chi Sing_ ”) and _Ng Yang
Sek v PP_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 816 (“ _Ng Yang Sek_ ”), three cases that have
interpreted the word “traffic” in the MDA.

30 The word “traffic” is defined in s 2 of the MDA as follows:

“traffic” means —

(_a_) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(_b_) to offer to do anything mentioned in paragraph (_a_),

otherwise than under the authority of this Act, and “trafficking” has a
corresponding meaning;

31 Given that s 2 of the MDA defines traffic to include acts such as
“transport” which might not be done for the purpose of trafficking (_eg_ a
person might be transporting drugs back home for his own consumption), the
question was whether the acts listed in s 2 must be done for the purpose of
trafficking in order to constitute the offence of trafficking under s 5 of the
MDA. In _Ong Ah Chuan_ , the Privy Council held that the answer was “Yes”. It
reasoned as follows (at [10]):

Even apart from any statutory definition, _the ordinary meaning of the verb
“to traffic”, in the particular context of trafficking in goods of any kind,
imports the existence, either in fact or in contemplation, of at least two
parties: a supplier and a person to whom the goods are to be supplied. This
concept, involving transfer of possession is reflected in the statutory
definition itself. Of the seven verbs used to describe the various kinds of
overt acts which constitute trafficking “transport” is sandwiched between
“sell, give, administer” which precede it, and “send, deliver or distribute”
which follow it._ All of these other verbs refer to various ways in which a
supplier or distributor, who has drugs in his possession, may transfer
possession of them to some other person. “Transport”, although it must involve
possession of the drugs by the person who transports them, is the only member
of the heptad of verbs that is not inconsistent with the retention of
possession of the drugs by him after their transport. It must mean moving the
drugs from one place to another; it may mean moving them also to another
person but it need not do so. Whether it bears the wider or the narrower
meaning depends upon the context in which the verb appears. _In their
Lordships’ view the immediate context of the verb “transport”, to which
attention has been drawn, attracts the maxim noscitur a sociis. This, and the
fact that it appears in the definition of the verb to “traffic”, of which the
natural meaning in the context of trafficking in goods involves dealings
between two parties at least, and that the evident purpose of the Act is to
distinguish between dealers in drugs and the unfortunate addicts who are their
victims, all combine to make it clear that “transport” is not used in the
sense of mere conveying or carrying or moving from one place to another but in
the sense of doing so to promote the distribution of the drug to another._
Supplying or distributing addictive drugs to others is the evil against which
s 3 with its draconian penalties is directed.

[emphasis added]

32 The Privy Council’s decision was adopted by this court in _Lau Chi Sing_ ,
where the accused was charged with drug trafficking by transporting drugs from
Geylang to Changi Airport for the purpose of distributing them in Amsterdam.
Relying on _Ong Ah Chuan_ , he argued that he was not guilty of trafficking
because he did not transport drugs with the intent of distributing them in
Singapore. The court affirmed the correctness of _Ong Ah Chuan_ but rejected
the accused’s reliance on it (at [8]–[9]):

8 In our judgment the decision in [_Ong Ah Chuan_] does not support the
proposition submitted by counsel. The Privy Council in that case had drawn a
distinction between the transportation of drugs intended to be retained solely
for the transporter’s own consumption as contrasted with those intended to be
delivered to someone else whether it be the actual consumer or a distributor
or another dealer. It is only in the latter case that the offence of
trafficking is committed. In making his submission that the delivery or
transfer of possession of the drugs must also be intended to take place in
Singapore, counsel for the appellant had, in our view, sought to impose an
additional ingredient to the offence of trafficking, which is warranted
neither by the Privy Council decision nor by the provisions of the Act. ...

9 In our opinion counsel for the appellant had misunderstood the Privy Council
decision in [_Ong Ah Chuan_]. The reference to the purpose for which drugs are
being transported was a commonsensible one and was made for the sole reason
that otherwise the mere act of transporting drugs would amount to the offence
of trafficking under the Act even though the drugs are intended for the
transporter’s own consumption. _Such a result would be repugnant to the
ordinary meaning of the word “traffic” and to the structure of the Act which
draws a distinction between the offence of possession and that of trafficking,
the latter being punishable with far heavier penalties including, in certain
cases, death._

[emphasis added]

33 The Privy Council’s reasoning in _Ong Ah Chuan_ was also applied in _Ng
Yang Sek_. In that case, the accused, a practitioner of Chinese medicine, was
found to possess a total of 17,405.1g of opium containing 165.59g of morphine
and was charged with trafficking. The High Court found that the accused had
intended to use the opium to produce medicinal plasters and not to supply it
to drug addicts. Nonetheless, the High Court held that the accused’s intent to
sell, give or administer the plasters to potential patients fell within the
meaning of “trafficking” and sentenced him to death. On appeal, this court
substituted the accused’s conviction for trafficking with that for possession,
explaining its decision as follows (at [35]–[37] and [41]):

35 The central issue raised in this appeal therefore is the definition of
“trafficking”. As previously mentioned, the trial judge took a literal
approach to this question. Before us, the DPP argued that, even if the
definition attributed to the term “administer” by the trial judge was wrong,
the appellant by his own admission was “selling” or “giving” the opium in the
form of medicinal plasters. As also mentioned previously, the crucial issue
was whether the appellant’s avowed purpose for the opium took his actions out
of the meaning of “trafficking”.

36 Although there are no authorities directly on point, in the seminal case of
[_Ong Ah Chuan_], the Privy Council declined to interpret the s 2 definition
of “trafficking” literally. It was stated by their Lordships that the mere
physical conveyance of drugs is not “transporting” under s 2 if it is not
accompanied by the ultimate purpose that the drugs be distributed (see also
_Tan Meng Jee v PP_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 178). The underlying rationale of these
cases is that, if the law does not give these verbs such an interpretation,
there is no distinction between drug dealers and drug addicts engaged in the
physical transporting of drugs, the one for distribution and the other for his
own consumption. ...

37 _Perhaps another example to illustrate why the courts should not invariably
adopt a literal approach concerns the term “administer”. The plain meaning of
this term need not envisage the transfer of the drug to another person. The
appellant could administer the drug to himself and on the face of the s 2
definition, this would be considered “trafficking” as well. The obvious
absurdity of such a result precludes its occurrence. Yet another example is
the case where a person is arrested outside a neighbourhood police post with
the controlled drugs and he manages to rebut the presumption in s 17 by
establishing that his intent was to surrender the drugs to the authorities.
Surely in such a case that person is not in the act of “giving” the drugs in
the sense used by the s 2 definition? The point is that the application of the
plain meaning of the s 2 definition of “trafficking” can, and in certain
circumstances must, be construed in the light of the purpose of the
legislation to avoid injustice._

...

41 Parliament, as the trial judge correctly pointed out, had “foreseen the
need for a very strict control on the possession and movement of drugs to
Singapore and also within it”. However, in our opinion, this does not lead
inexorably to the conclusion that what the appellant was guilty of doing was
“trafficking”. That he was in possession of a controlled drug and therefore
guilty of an offence under s 8 of the Act is, in our opinion, not in doubt.
_However, whether he was engaged in “trafficking” is an altogether different
question. It is clear to us that the appellant does not fall within the class
of offenders which Parliament had in mind when it enacted s 5 of the Act. The
opium in the appellant’s possession was never meant or even remotely
contemplated to be used in a manner associated with drug addiction._ ...

[emphasis added]

34 The above extracts show that the courts had three reasons for deciding that
the acts listed in the s 2 definition of “traffic” (in particular the word
“transport”) had to be performed for the purpose of trafficking to sustain a
trafficking charge:

(a) The word “transport” in s 2 is sandwiched between other verbs such as
“sell, give, administer” and “send, deliver or distribute” that imply a
transfer of possession between two parties. Applying the maxim of _noscitur a
sociis_ , the word “transport” must mean transport for the purpose of
distribution to someone else.

(b) The verbs in s 2 are used to define the word “traffic”, which in its
ordinary and natural meaning involves dealings between two or more parties. To
define those verbs broadly to include cases where there is no intent to give
the drugs to another person would be repugnant to the ordinary meaning of
“traffic”.

(c) The offence of trafficking is meant to target the mischief of supplying or
distributing drugs to others as part of the drug trade. Persons who are merely
transporting drugs between two locations with no intent of distributing them
to others, or persons who do not distribute the drugs in a manner associated
with drug addiction (_eg_ the distribution of medicinal plasters containing
opium) do not fall within the mischief targeted by the offence.

35 It can immediately be seen that the first two reasons do not apply in the
present case. Unlike “transport” in s 2, the word “import” in s 7 is not
surrounded by any words that would cast on it a different complexion. Further,
the plain and ordinary meaning of “import” is (as defined in s 2 of the IA) to
bring something into a country. The word “import” is not used to define any
other word – nor is any other word used to define it – that would suggest a
departure from this ordinary meaning.

36 As for the third reason, it is applicable here only if the offence of
importation were directed solely at the mischief of drug trafficking. But if
it were, then there would be no reason to constitute importation as a separate
offence; after all, those who import drugs for the purpose of trafficking
would always be concurrently guilty of trafficking and can be charged under s
5.

37 In our opinion, too much reliance was placed by the High Court on the views
expressed in _Ong Ah Chuan_ when the issue under consideration in _Ong Ah
Chuan_ and that in the present case are distinct. In the former, the issue
related to the word “traffic” as defined in the MDA and, in particular, the
word “transport” in that definition. In the present case, the issue concerns
the word “import” as defined in the IA. If drugs are not intended to be
transferred from one person to another, but are intended to be for personal
consumption, there can be no question of any trafficking – one cannot traffic
with oneself. There has to be two parties. Thus the Privy Council in _Ong Ah
Chuan_ held that “transport” should be construed accordingly. On the other
hand, “import” is a simple English word whose sense is not in doubt, _ie_ the
bringing of a thing into the country. It does not suggest the involvement of
another party.

38 In this regard, it is instructive to consider a case where the word
“import” _was_ given a more restrictive meaning than that prescribed in the
IA. In _Trade Facilities Pte Ltd and others v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 7 (“ _Trade
Facilities_ ”), the respondents were charged with selling and importing
counterfeit Hennessy XO cognac contrary to s 73 of the Trade Marks Act (Cap
332, 1992 Rev Ed) (“the 1992 TMA”) (s 73 of the 1992 TMA has since been
amended and is now s 49 of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)).
Section 73 of the 1992 TMA stated:

Any person who imports, sells or exposes or has in his possession for sale or
for any purpose of trade or manufacture, any goods or thing to which a
counterfeit trade mark is applied or to which a registered trade mark is
falsely applied, shall... be guilty of an offence...

The question arose as to how the word “imports” in that provision should be
interpreted. Chief Justice Yong Pung How (“Yong CJ”) noted in _obiter_ that
the meaning of “imports” in s 73 was not necessarily as wide as that given in
s 2(1) of the IA – it referred to the act of bringing goods into Singapore
_for the purpose of trade or manufacture_. The relevant paragraphs are
reproduced below:

54 Counsel for the respondent’s argument was that as liquor are dutiable
goods, the meaning assigned to the word “import” by s 3(1) of the Customs Act
(Cap 70) should apply. In my view, this argument has no merit. The Customs Act
is concerned with the imposition of customs duties. Thus, whether something is
dutiable or not is of utmost importance. The Trade Marks Act has nothing to do
with customs duties. Whether something is dutiable or not is therefore
irrelevant. It cannot be the case that there is one test for “import” under s
73 for dutiable goods and another for non-dutiable goods.

55 There is therefore nothing in the subject or context of s 73 which requires
the use of the special meaning assigned to the word “import” in the Customs
Act. In coming to this conclusion, I have kept in mind the consideration that
Singapore also relies on entrepot trade. There may thus be very good policy
reasons why Singapore should or should not police the transhipment of goods
bearing counterfeit trade marks or the like as they pass through Singapore’s
free trade zone. However, that is something that Parliament must deal with. If
Parliament is of the view that transhipments through Singapore should not be
caught by s 73, then it is open to it to amend the Act by expressly
incorporating the Customs Act definition of “import” into the Act.

56 _That is not to say that the meaning of “import” in s 73 is necessarily as
wide as that provided for in s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act._ If the word
“import” in s 73 means simply to bring or to cause to be brought into
Singapore, then it would appear that any person who brings into Singapore a
counterfeit branded handbag, wallet, watch or the like would have committed an
offence under s 73. He or she would then have the burden of proving on a
balance of probabilities the defences provided for in s 73. Thus, a
Singaporean vacationing with her family in, say Hong Kong, who visits Stanley
and purchases a counterfeit branded handbag from one of the stalls there will
run foul of s 73 if she takes it with her when she returns with her family to
Singapore. I cannot imagine that Parliament intended such an absurd result.

57 Section 73 states that an offence is committed by a person if he “imports,
sells or exposes or has in his possession for sale or for any purpose of trade
or manufacture” the offending articles. _In my view, s 73 is directed at
persons who deal in the course of business, in one way or another, in goods to
which a counterfeit trade mark is applied or to which a registered trade mark
is falsely applied. It is not aimed at the consumer who uses or merely
possesses these goods._ Similarly, it cannot be invoked against the same
consumer when he brings the offending article into Singapore merely because he
happens to have purchased it abroad. Thus, the words “for sale or for any
purpose of trade or manufacture” applies equally to the word “import” in s 73.
_A person therefore does not “import” something into Singapore within the
meaning of the word in s 73 of the Act unless it is done for the purpose of
sale or for any purpose of trade or manufacture._

[emphasis added]

39 As Yong CJ pointed out, the word “imports” in s 73 of the 1992 TMA appeared
as part of the phrase “imports, sells or exposes or has in his possession _for
sale or for any purpose of trade or manufacture_ ”, and it was plain from the
text of s 73 alone that the section was meant to target those who imported
counterfeit goods for the purpose of sale, trade or manufacture. Consequently,
Yong CJ was able to conclude that the meaning of the word “imports” in the
context of s 73 was narrower than that provided in the IA. But as we have
already observed (at [35] above), unlike the 1992 TMA, there is nothing in the
MDA to suggest that the word “import” in s 7 should be given a special or
narrower meaning.

Indian cases interpreting the word “import”

40 We have also derived assistance from several Indian cases in which the word
“import” was interpreted. The word “import” is not defined in the Indian
equivalent of our IA, the General Clauses Act (Act No 10 of 1897) (India), and
the Supreme Court of India has had multiple opportunities to determine the
meaning of that term as used in various statutes.

41 In _Organon (India) Ltd v Collector of Excise_ (1995) Supp (1) SCC 53 (“
_Organon_ ”), the issue was whether s 5 of the Opium Act (Act No 1 of 1878)
(India) (“the Opium Act”) allowed the State of Madhya Pradesh to levy and
collect duty as a condition for permitting the export of poppy husks from
Madhya Pradesh when the said export was not an export from one State to
another State within India but an export across the customs frontier of India
to another country. The court’s discussion of that issue is not pertinent for
present purposes; what is relevant is its view that the definition of “import”
and “export” in the Opium Act does not require an element of sale (at [9] and
[20]):

9\. The expressions ‘import’ and ‘export’ have been defined in the Opium Act
to “mean respectively to bring into, or take out of, a State otherwise than
across any customs frontiers”. ...

...

20\. ...Section 5 of the Opium Act empowers the State Government to do two
things, viz., (i) to make Rules permitting absolutely or subject to the
payment of duty or to any other conditions, the possession, transport,
import/export and sale of opium and (ii) to make Rules regulating the
aforesaid matters relating to opium in the whole or any specified part of the
territories administered by such Government. The matters specified in Section
5 are the very same as are specified in Section 4, viz., possession,
transport, import/export and sale. (We have already pointed out that import
and export as defined in the Opium Act does not mean import into or export
from India but import into or export out of a particular State otherwise than
across any customs frontiers.) In other words, Section 5 empowers the State
Government to permit inter alia export of opium subject to such conditions,
including payment of duty, as it may deem appropriate to impose, as part of
control and regulation over opium. **_Another feature to note is that import
or export, as defined in the Opium Act, does not necessarily involve the
element of sale. It is not necessary that the import or export should be
occasioned by or result in a sale. Mere movement from one State to another is
sufficient to constitute export or import, as the case may be, within the
meaning of the Act so long as such movement is not across the customs
frontiers. (Sale of opium is dealt with separately from import/export under
Sections 4 and 5.)_** Now coming to the other Act, taking opium out of India
across the customs frontiers is “export from India” within the meaning of the
Dangerous Drugs Act and is governed by Section 7 of the Dangerous Drugs Act
and the Rules made thereunder. The Rules under the Dangerous Drugs Act,
referred to hereinbefore, specifically provide only two ports from which opium
can be exported by sea. They are Bombay and Calcutta. Therefore, any opium to
be exported by sea has to first reach either Bombay or Calcutta. Thus, while
movement within India from one State to another (not involving crossing of any
customs frontiers) is governed by the Opium Act, the movement across the
customs frontiers is governed by the Dangerous Drugs Act. **_In all these
matters, the element of sale is irrelevant. It is not one of the requirements.
Mere movement of goods is enough. The movement may be the result of sale or
may not be; that is immaterial._** Therefore, so far as the movement of poppy
husks from Mandsaur District in Madhya Pradesh to the Bombay Port in
Maharashtra is concerned, it is an export within the meaning of the Opium Act.
It is export from the State of Madhya Pradesh to the State of Maharashtra. The
“export from India” begins only from the Port of Bombay and is governed by the
Dangerous Drugs Act. ...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

42 In _Gramophone Co of India Ltd v Birendra Bahadur Pandey_ (1984) 2 SCC 534
(“ _Gramophone_ ”), the Supreme Court had to decide how “import” should be
interpreted for the purposes of copyright legislation. Under s 51(b)(iv) of
the Copyright Act (Act No 14 of 1957) (India), copyright in a work was deemed
to be infringed where a person “imports (except for the private and domestic
use of the importer) into India” any infringing copies. The issue arose as to
whether a person, by bringing infringing copies through India into Nepal, had
“imported” infringing copies into India. The Supreme Court held that the word
“import” means “bringing into India from outside India”, and that it is not
limited to importation for commerce only, but also includes importation for
transit across the country (at [27], [29] and [32]):

27\. The question is what does the word “import” mean in Section 53 of the
Copyright Act? The word is not defined in the Copyright Act though it is
defined in the Customs Act. But the same word may mean different things in
different enactments and in different contexts. It may even mean different
things at different places in the same statute. It all depends on the sense of
the provision where it occurs. Reference to dictionaries is hardly of any
avail, particularly in the case of words of ordinary parlance with a variety
of well-known meanings. Such words take colour from the context. ...

...

29\. It was submitted by the learned counsel for the respondents that where
goods are brought into the country not for commerce, but for onward
transmission to another country, there can, in law, be no importation _. It
was said that the object of the Copyright Act was to prevent unauthorised
reproduction of the work or the unauthorised exploitation of the reproduction
of a work in India and this object would not be frustrated if infringing
copies of a work were allowed transit across the country. If goods are brought
in, only to go out, there is no import, it was said. It is difficult to agree
with this submission though it did find favour with the Division Bench of the
Calcutta High Court, in the judgment under appeal._**_In the first place, the
language of Section 53 does not justify reading the words “imported for
commerce” for the words “imported”. Nor is there any reason to assume that
such was the object of the Legislature._** We have already mentioned the
importance attached by international opinion, as manifested by the various
international conventions and treaties, to the protection of copyright and the
gravity with which traffic in industrial, literary or artistic property is
viewed, treating such traffic on par with traffic in narcotics, dangerous
drugs and arms. In interpreting the word “import” in the Copyright Act, we
must take note that while the positive requirement of the Copyright
Conventions is to protect copyright, negatively also, the Transit Trade
Convention and the bilateral Treaty make exceptions enabling the Transit State
to take measures to protect copyright. If this much is borne in mind, it
becomes clear that the word “import” in Section 53 of the Copyright Act cannot
bear the narrow interpretation sought to be placed upon it to limit it to
import for commerce. It must be interpreted in a sense which will fit the
Copyright Act into the setting of the international conventions.

...

32\. We have, therefore, no hesitation in coming to the conclusion that the
word “import” in Sections 51 and 53 of the Copyright Act means “bringing into
India from outside India”, that it is not limited to importation for commerce
only, but includes importation for transit across the country. Our
interpretation, far from being inconsistent with any principle of
international law, is entirely in accord with International Conventions and
the Treaties between India and Nepal. And, that we think is as it should be.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

43 The decision in _Gramophone_ may usefully be contrasted with the case of
_Central India Spinning and Weaving and Manufacturing Company Ltd v Municipal
Committee, Wardha_ [1958] SCR 1102 (“ _Central India Spinning_ ”). Section
66(1)(o) of the C.P. and Berar Municipalities Act 1922 (Act No 2 of 1922)
(India) empowered the municipalities to impose “a terminal tax on goods or
animals imported into or exported from the limits of a municipality”. The
Supreme Court held that phrase “terminal tax” indicated that the bringing of
goods into a municipality in transit to another municipality did _not_ count
as an “import” within the meaning of s 66(1)(o) (at 1108, 1111, 1113, 1116 and
1121):

The respondent's counsel sought to support his argument by referring to the
following cases decided by various Indian High Courts where the words “import”
and “export” were construed as meaning “bring in” or “take out of or away
from” and it was also held that goods in transit are also covered by the words
“imported into” or “exported from”

...

**_In none of these cases was the argument as to the qualification stemming
from the use of the words “terminal tax” considered nor was the signification
of the word “terminal” as a prefix to the word tax discussed._**

...

By giving to the words “imported into or exported from” their derivative
meaning without any reference to the ordinary connotation of these words as
used in the commercial sense, the decided cases in India have ascribed too
general a meaning to these words which it appears from the setting, context
and history of the clause was not intended. _The effect of the construction of
“import” or “export” in the manner insisted upon by the respondent would make
railborne goods passing through a railway station within the limits of a
Municipality liable to the imposition of the tax on their arrival at the
railway station or departure therefrom or both which would not only lead to
inconvenience but confusion, and would also result in inordinate delays and
unbearable burden on trade both inter State and intra State. It is hardly
likely that that was the intention of the legislature. Such an interpretation
would lead to absurdity which has, according to the rules of interpretation,
to be avoided._

...

It is also a recognised principle of construction that general words and
phrases however wide and comprehensive they may be in their literal sense must
usually be construed as being limited to the actual objects of the Act. There
is no evidence that the actual object of the Act in the present case was to
extend the powers of the Municipalities to imposing the tax on articles which
were in the course of transit.

...

We are, therefore, of the opinion that the terminal tax under s. 66(1)(o) is
not leviable on goods which are in transit and are only carried across the
limits of the Municipality, and would therefore allow this appeal, reverse the
decision of the Nagpur High Court.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

44 These cases provide an excellent illustration of the circumstances that
courts have taken into account when interpreting the word “import”. First,
where the word has been expressly defined by the legislature, courts would be
slow to read into it other requirements that do not appear in the definition
(_Organon_). Second, other words in the statute might suggest that Parliament
had a more restricted meaning of “import” in mind (_Central India Spinning_).
Conversely, where there is no material to support the view that Parliament had
a different meaning of “import” in mind, courts have been unwilling to depart
from its plain meaning of bringing something into the country (_Gramophone_).

45 We now turn to consider whether there is anything in the parliamentary
speeches on the MDA to indicate that Parliament had intended for a different
meaning of “import” to apply.

Parliamentary speeches on the MDA

46 The predecessor of the MDA was the Misuse of Drugs Act 1973 (Act 5 of 1973)
(“the 1973 MDA”). The objects behind the enactment of the 1973 MDA were
explained in Parliament by the then Minister for Home Affairs and Education,
Mr Chua Sian Chin (“Mr Chua”), as follows (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (16 February 1973) vol 32 at cols 414–418):

This Bill is a consolidation of the Dangerous Drugs Act enacted in 1951 and
the Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act of 1969. It also incorporates additional
provisions to provide for a firm and extensive control on certain dangerous
and harmful drugs of addiction as well as heavier penalties. These drugs,
defined as ‘controlled drugs’ in this Bill, are known to the pharmacologist as
hallucinogens, narcotic analgesics, central nervous system stimulants and
tranquillisers. The Dangerous Drugs Act was enacted about 21 years ago and the
controls provided therein are grossly inadequate for the 70’s, with the
introduction of a host of new drugs of medical value if properly used.

Control has been brought in line with those in force in other countries
closely concerned with the spread of the addictive use of such drugs within
their own countries and the increased international traffic which supplies
such demands. The different categories of control as recommended by the United
Nations have been incorporated into this Bill.

...

The ill-gotten gains of the drug traffic are huge. The key men operating
behind the scene are ruthless and cunning and possess ample funds. They do
their utmost to push their drugs through. Though we may not have drug-
trafficking and drug addiction to the same degree as, for instance, in the
United States, we have here some quite big-time traffickers and their pedlars
moving around the Republic selling their evil goods and corrupting the lives
of all those who succumb to them.

_They and their trade must be stopped. To do this effectively, heavy penalties
have to be provided for trafficking._ Clause 15 specifies the quantities of
controlled drugs which, if found in the possession of a person unless the
contrary is proved, will be presumed to be in his possession for the purposes
of trafficking.

The Second Schedule to the Bill shows the various penalties for offences
committed under the Bill. For unauthorised traffic in a Class A controlled
drug, for example, morphine, opium, heroin, the maximum sentence is 20 years
or $40,000 or both, and ten strokes of the rotan. The heaviest penalty will
apply to those convicted of unauthorised trafficking in a Class A controlled
drug to persons under the age of 18 years. For this offence a maximum penalty
of 30 years or $50,000 or both, and 15 strokes of the rotan, and a minimum
penalty of five years or $10,000 or both, and three strokes of the rotan have
been provided. The existing law on dangerous drugs provides for the offence of
trafficking, but there is no distinction as regards the age of the person to
whom the drugs are sold. The penalties for the offence of trafficking in the
existing law are $10,000 or five years, or both. These penalties are obviously
totally inadequate as deterrents.

...

Members of this House will, however, note that it is not all punishment
written into this Bill. _A clear distinction has been made between the drug
addict and the trafficker and pedlar._ I am moving an amendment at the
Committee Stage to remove the provision of a minimum sentence of two years for
a second or subsequent offence for smoking, self-administering or consuming a
controlled drug as provided in the Second Schedule to clause 29, which was
inserted as a result of an oversight. For those addicts who wish to stop this
vicious habit, there are provisions under clause 33(3) for them to volunteer
for treatment at an approved institution. Any statement given for the purpose
of undergoing treatment will not be admissible as evidence against him in any
subsequent prosecution. Anyone who has been addicted to any of the controlled
drugs and especially those who have had their first acquaintance with such a
drug can take advantage of this provision to have himself rehabilitated. ...

[emphasis added]

47 The 1973 MDA was amended in 1975 via the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Act
(Act 49 of 1975) to enhance the penalties for various offences. Most
significant was the introduction of the mandatory death sentence for those
found guilty of manufacturing, importing or trafficking in large quantities of
specified drugs. Mr Chua justified the amendments on the following basis
(_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (20 November 1975) vol 34
at cols 1381–1382):

Heroin is one of the most potent and dangerous drugs. In the first half of
1974 only nine out of 1,793 drug abusers arrested consumed heroin. In the
corresponding period this year 1,007 out of 1,921 drug abusers arrested
consumed heroin. Thus the number of heroin abusers arrested increased by
almost 112 times in 12 months. This is an explosive increase by any reckoning.
Equally significant is the fact that the number of traffickers arrested for
dealing in heroin had also increased from six in the first half of 1974 to 26
in the corresponding period this year.

_These statistics show clearly that existing penalties under the Misuse of
Drugs Act, 1973, have not been a sufficient deterrence to traffickers._ In
1974 the Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act was invoked to detain
traffickers and financiers, and 31 major traffickers and financiers have been
detained so far. Despite this threat of indefinite detention, trafficking is
still rife. This is because it is lucrative and syndicates are prepared to
look after the interests of traffickers and their dependants whenever they are
caught and imprisoned.

Clause 13 of this Bill, _therefore_ , seeks to amend the Second Schedule of
the Misuse of Drugs Act, 1973, so that the death penalty will be imposed for
the unauthorised manufacture of morphine and heroin irrespective of amounts
involved. _The death penalty will also be imposed for the unauthorised import,
export or trafficking of more than 30 grammes of morphine or more than 15
grammes of heroin._

[emphasis added]

48 On the basis of these ministerial speeches, the High Court ruled that the
IA’s definition of “import” (which would preclude the defence of personal
consumption) is incompatible with the legislative purpose of the MDA to
“maintain the distinction between the more harmful activity to the general
public of a drug trafficker and the less harmful activity of a drug addict
bringing in drugs for his own consumption” (the Judgment at [50]).

49 Likewise, counsel for the Respondent, Mr Abraham Vergis (“Mr Vergis”), has
referred extensively to ministerial speeches on the MDA to make the point that
Parliament has consistently equated drug importation with drug trafficking.
For example, Mr Vergis cites the following comments made by Deputy Prime
Minister and Minister for Home Affairs, Mr Teo Chee Hean (“DPM Teo”), on the
2012 amendments to the MDA (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(9 July 2012) vol 89):

To restrict supply, we have adopted a highly deterrent posture against drug
trafficking. In 1975, we introduced the death penalty as a punishment for drug
trafficking. Under our laws, anyone who traffics drugs is liable for the death
penalty, from syndicate leaders, to distributors, to couriers who transport
drugs, and pushers who sell drugs, as long as the quantity of drugs involved
is above the stipulated thresholds.

...

_Therefore, we will maintain the mandatory death penalty for drug traffickers,
in most circumstances. In particular, the mandatory death penalty will
continue to apply to all those who manufacture or traffic in drugs_ – the
kingpins, producers, distributors, retailers – and also those who fund,
organise or abet these activities. By their actions in the drug trade, these
offenders destroy many lives. They know they are dealing with drugs and the
consequences of their actions if they are caught and convicted.

[emphasis added]

Another example is taken from the second reading of the Misuse of Drugs
(Amendment) Bill (Bill 27 of 2012), where DPM Teo said (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (12 November 2012) vol 89):

_We will enhance punishments for repeat drug traffickers._ Currently, there
are enhanced punishment provisions for repeat drug consumption in the MDA.
However, there is no enhanced punishment for repeat trafficking offences.
Clause 13 amends section 33 by providing enhanced punishments for a person who
commits a subsequent offence under section 5(1), that is, trafficking _or
section 7, that is, importation or exportation._

[emphasis added]

50 While we acknowledge that these ministerial statements show that the main
concern of Parliament in imposing deterrent sentences was to combat drug
trafficking, the question that remains is still whether they necessarily show
that Parliament had intended s 7 of the MDA to apply _only_ to persons who
import drugs for the purposes of trafficking. Having carefully considered the
relevant speeches, it is our view that no such inference can really be drawn.
The reason why Mr Chua and DPM Teo appear to have equated drug importation
with drug trafficking is because they were discussing the imposition of the
mandatory death penalty for the trafficking and importation of large
quantities of drugs. Under the MDA, individuals who deal with such large
quantities of drugs are presumed to be trafficking in them, and it is
therefore understandable for the ministers to have used “trafficking” as
shorthand to refer to both trafficking and importation. In our judgment, their
speeches do not amount to a clear expression of Parliament’s intention to
ascribe a special meaning to the word “import” in s 7 of the MDA that is
different from that in s 2(1) of the IA.

51 Furthermore, while it is true that Parliament intended to draw a
distinction between drug traffickers and drug addicts, it does not necessarily
follow that those who import drugs for the purpose of personal consumption
should not be convicted under s 7. The distinction could still be maintained
by convicting such offenders under s 7 but imposing more lenient sentences on
them than that imposed on offenders who import larger quantities of drugs for
the purpose of trafficking (subject to the mandatory minimum sentences, which
we will turn to shortly). There is no inherent inconsistency between the IA’s
definition of “import” and the legislative intent behind the MDA as expressed
in Parliament.

The MDA’s scheme of punishments

Differences in the penalties for trafficking and importation

52 The following table sets out the penalties for the possession, importation
and trafficking of Class A drugs, Class B drugs, Class C drugs and diamorphine
(see the Second Schedule of the MDA):

Offence |  Punishment  
---|---  
Class A drug |  Class B drug |  Class C drug |  Diamorphine  
Possession – s 8(a) |  Maximum 10 years and $20,000 (minimum 2 years for second or subsequent offence of possession)  
Trafficking – s 5 |  Maximum 20 years and 15 strokes Minimum 5 years and 5 strokes |  Maximum 20 years and 10 strokes Minimum 3 years and 3 strokes |  Maximum 10 years and 5 strokes Minimum 2 years and 2 strokes |  10-15g: Maximum 30 years or life and 15 strokes Minimum 20 years and 15 strokes >15g: Death  
Importation – s 7 |  Maximum 30 years or life and 15 strokes Minimum 5 years and 5 strokes |  Maximum 30 years or life and 15 strokes Minimum 5 years and 5 strokes |  Maximum 20 years and 15 strokes Minimum 3 years and 5 strokes |  10-15g: Maximum 30 years or life and 15 strokes Minimum 20 years and 15 strokes >15g: Death  
  
  

53 It can be seen that the penalties for drug importation are generally
harsher than those for drug trafficking. In the view of the High Court, this
is a reason to read s 7 narrowly to mean the bringing of drugs into Singapore
for the purpose of trafficking. It reasoned as follows (at [53]–[54]):

53 What then of the third reason given by the district judge in _Majid_ ([43]
supra) that the offence of importation is different and distinct from the
offence of trafficking because the punishment for the first offence is higher
than the second offence with respect to Class B and Class C controlled drugs?
Why should there be a difference in the punishments and how can this
difference be accounted for except on the basis that they are two entirely
different offences? ... _In my view, a reasonable explanation for the
difference, and one that goes to the heart of the law in combating the spread
of drug consumption within a State, is that the physical transfer of drugs
from one State into another State increases the stock of drugs in the second
State and thereby potentially increases the harm to its residents in making
available for trafficking more drugs than before._**_Therefore, the offence of
importation is potentially more harmful than the offence of trafficking an
existing stock or supply of drugs which reduces that stock or supply over
time._** As the exportation of drugs to another State is the mirror image of
importation (with the difference being one of perspective), the same
explanation applies equally to the offence of exportation.

54 However, the higher potential harm of importation as compared to
trafficking does not justify interpreting the offence of importation as being
distinct from the offence of trafficking which is not committed where the
accused person transports drugs for the purpose of personal consumption (as
the Privy Council held in [_Ong Ah Chuan_]). First, Parliament had clearly
intended to distinguish between drug dealers and drug addicts (see [50] above)
and it is consistent with, and would further, this intention to interpret the
offence of importation as being committed only where the accused person had
imported the drugs for the purpose of trafficking. _Secondly, the higher
potential harm of importation only arises where the drugs are in fact imported
for the purpose of trafficking. ... The extent of the harm caused by such
importation depends on the purpose of the importation._**_Ex hypothesi, there
is no increase in the stock of drugs for trafficking if the accused person
imports for personal consumption._**

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

54 While we agree with this rationale for penalising cross-border trafficking
more severely (_viz_ , because it increases the stock of drugs available for
trafficking in Singapore), we do not see why the same rationale should not
apply where drugs are imported for personal consumption. This is because there
_is_ a difference between a person who obtains drugs from within Singapore for
his own consumption and a person who imports drugs from overseas for the same
purpose – in the former case, the stock of drugs within Singapore available
for trafficking is _reduced_ , while in the latter, the stock of drugs is
unchanged and remains available for the use of other drug addicts. There is
thus a rational basis for prescribing heavier penalties for those who import
drugs for their own consumption vis-à-vis those who obtain such drugs from
within Singapore for their own consumption and thereby deplete the local stock
of drugs.

55 Furthermore, the DPPs have suggested other reasons (in our view rightly)
for the heavier penalties on drug importation. As they point out in their
written submissions:

[It] should not be assumed that drug trafficking within Singapore is
necessarily more harmful than moving drugs across national borders for
personal consumption. Drugs may be cheaper and more readily available outside
Singapore. The enforcement efforts to render it difficult for addicts to
obtain drugs locally may be thwarted if the penalties for bringing drugs into
Singapore are not sufficiently severe to deter addicts from seeking to bring
in their own drug supplies from other countries.

56 It is also possible that the legislature considers the prospect of fresh
drugs infiltrating Singapore’s borders to be such a great menace that it
justifies the blanket imposition of tough penalties to deter drug importation,
regardless of the purpose for which they are imported. Evidence of this
attitude can be found in the following statement by Mr Chua while moving the
Misuse of Drugs Bill 1972 (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(16 February 1973) vol 32 at col 415):

Singapore, by its geographical position and development, is now a strategic
centre of communication and international trade. Whilst welcoming trade,
visitors and tourists, _we must at the same time be constantly on the alert
for the trafficker, the addict and the hidden consignment of controlled
drugs._

[emphasis added]

During the debate over the 1975 amendments to the MDA, Mr Chua again
emphasised Singapore’s vulnerability to cross-border drug flows (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (20 November 1975) vol 34 at cols
1381–1382):

Singapore, as it is situated, is in _a rather vulnerable position_. The
“Golden Triangle” straddling Thailand, Laos and Burma, which is the source of
supply of narcotics, is not far from Singapore. Being a busy port, an
important air communication centre and an open coastline easily accessible
from neighbouring countries, it _makes detection of supplies of narcotics
coming in difficult_.

[emphasis added]

57 Consequently, there are plausible reasons to impose harsher penalties on
the act of importation even where the drugs are brought in for purposes other
than trafficking, and it would not be correct to assume that Parliament
regarded drug importation as merely an aggravated form of trafficking.

The significance of a mandatory minimum sentence for drug importation

58 Mr Vergis emphasised that a conviction for drug importation – regardless of
the amount imported – carries a mandatory minimum sentence of 5 years’
imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane (for Class A drugs), as compared to the
sentencing benchmark of about 12 months for the possession of small quantities
of a Class A drug (_eg_ 0.01g of diamorphine, the amount that the Respondent
was charged with importing). He submitted that Parliament could not have
intended to visit such severe punishments on drug consumers who bring trace
amounts of drugs into Singapore for their own consumption. To buttress his
submission, Mr Vergis referred us to three foreign cases where the courts had
to interpret legislation governing the exportation, importation and possession
of drugs. While the courts in all three cases construed the provisions
expansively (_ie_ in a manner that was less favourable to the accused), they
appeared to be influenced by the fact that the offences in question did not
carry a minimum penalty.

59 In _Attorney General v Lau Chi-sing_ [1987] HKLR 703, the Hong Kong Court
of Appeal had to decide whether a person taking drugs out of Hong Kong for his
own consumption was guilty of trafficking in drugs, an offence under s 4 of
the Dangerous Drugs Ordinance (Cap 134) (HK) (“the DDO”). Section 2 of the DDO
defined “trafficking” to include exporting a dangerous drug from Hong Kong,
while “export” was defined as “to take or cause to be taken out of Hong Kong
or any other country, as the case may be, by land, air or water”. The court
held by a majority that the answer was in the affirmative. Silke JA explained
the court’s decision as follows (at 707–708):

I accept Mr. McCoy’s submission that [_Ong Ah Chuan_] can be distinguished
from this instant case. Our definition of “trafficking” starts with reference
to importing and exporting, goes on to consider procuring, supplying and then
refers to:

“or otherwise dealing in or with the dangerous drug”

It is not a case, as in the Singapore legislation, of a word being, as Lord
Diplock put it, “sandwiched between verbs” which referred to various ways in
which a supplier or distributor who has drugs may transfer possession of them
to some other person.

The definition of “export”, combined with the terms of the definition of
trafficking as I construe them, extends, in the Hong Kong context, Lord
Diplock’s “ordinary meaning of the verb to traffic”.

...

The Ordinance is intended to deal with all offences concerning dangerous
drugs. If a person takes or causes to be taken dangerous drugs out of Hong
Kong then he is exporting them and it matters not that he intends to use the
unlawful substance for his own consumption once he leaves the Territory. _It
is in my view clear that while quantity may go to mitigation of sentence, it
is not a defence to the charge once the knowing possession and the taking out
have been proved_...

It follows therefore that a conviction for exporting should have been come to
in this case but _it was open to the trial judge, if he believed that this
substantial quantity was in fact for the Respondent’s own consumption, to
reflect that belief in sentencing the offender._

[emphasis added]

60 In _United States of America v Robert Alan Probert_ 737 F Supp 1010 (ED
Mich, 1989) (“ _Robert Probert_ ”), the issue was whether Title 21 United
States Code Section (“21 USC §”) 952(a), which makes it unlawful to import
drugs into the United States, covers the situation where an individual imports
drugs for his personal use. 21 USC § 951(a)(1) defines the term “import” as
“any bringing in or introduction of such article into any area (whether or not
such bringing in or introduction constitutes an importation within the meaning
of the tariff laws of the United States)”. The defendant contended that 21 USC
§ 952(a) was meant to prohibit importation for a commercial purpose only. The
court disagreed, holding as follows (at 1007):

The language of the statute is clear and unambiguous. It prohibits the
“bringing in,” 21 USC § 951, of any controlled substance into the United
States. For this Court to add to the plain meaning of the statute a
requirement that such “bringing in” be for a “commercial purpose,” as
suggested by defendant, would, in this Court’s opinion, be adding language to
the statute that plain and simply is not there.

It is not the function of this Court to legislate. _If it was the intent of
Congress to apply Section 952 to only those individuals who import for
commercial purposes, Congress could have easily and clearly said so._ Congress
has in other legislation, distinguished between conduct that only involved
possession and conduct which involved more than possession.

...

In adopting the legislation prohibiting the importation of controlled
substance in Schedule II, Congress has set forth the penalty, and in setting
forth the penalty, Congress set forth no minimum penalty. Congress has, with
regard to other statutes, set forth a minimum penalty. _Had Congress set forth
a significant minimum penalty, this Court might be more persuaded that
Congress was intending only to reach those seriously involved in drug
trafficking._

At the time it adopted this law, Congress left it to the Court to impose the
appropriate sentence. In arriving at the appropriate sentence, the Court
could, of course, consider, among other factors, as the U.S. Attorney has
acknowledged, the extent of the defendant’s involvement in the crime.

I recognize that, since the adoption of this statute, sentencing guidelines
have been adopted and that to some extent these guidelines affect or play a
part in the sentencing. _However, at the time this legislation was passed,
there was nothing, in this Court’s opinion, that would restrict the Court’s
determination whether to impose a minimum penalty for a minor involvement or a
maximum penalty for a significant involvement._

[emphasis added]

61 Finally, we were referred to _Warner v Metropolitan Police Commissioner_
[1969] 2 AC 256\. The issue there was whether the accused had violated s 1(1)
of the Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act 1964 (c 64) (UK) – which made it
unlawful for a person to “have in his possession” a prohibited substance –
where he was in possession of a parcel and knew that it contained something,
but did not know that it contained prohibited drugs. The House of Lords held
that he had. However, Lord Pearce noted as follows (at 306):

Had there been a minimum penalty imposed, as under the Canadian Act considered
in Beaver v. The Queen [1957] S.C.R. 531, that would have been a strong
argument in favour of the offence not being absolute. But here there is no
minimum penalty. In an appropriate case the judge may inflict no penalty.

62 We agree that the presence of a minimum penalty is relevant to deciding how
a penal provision should be construed – where the provision could reasonably
be read in two or more different ways, the fact that it carries a harsh
minimum penalty might persuade a court that Parliament had intended for the
narrower construction to prevail. However, where the disputed word or phrase
is not only plain and unambiguous in itself, but has further been expressly
assigned its plain meaning by an interpretation section or statute (as is the
case with the word “import” in s 7 of the MDA), it becomes more difficult for
the court to conclude that Parliament did not intend for those words to be
given their plain meaning. As Rajah JA observed in _PP v Low Kok Heng_ [2007]
4 SLR(R) 183 (“ _Low Kok Heng_ ”) at [52], “it is crucial that statutory
provisions are not construed, in the name of a purposive approach, in a manner
that goes against all possible and reasonable interpretation of the express
literal wording of the provision”.

63 Consequently, the evidence of contrary legislative intent will have to be
very compelling in order for a court to depart from the ordinary meaning of
such a provision. In the present case, although we accept that it might appear
harsh to apply the mandatory minimum sentence of 5 years and 5 strokes to
someone who brings small quantities of heroin into Singapore for his own
consumption, it is not, in our judgment, so inexplicable or unreasonable as to
compel the conclusion that Parliament must have intended s 7 of the MDA to
apply only to those who import drugs for the purpose of trafficking. It must
be noted that Parliament appears to have considered the question of mandatory
minimum sentences very carefully. As DPM Teo noted during the debate on the
2012 amendments to the MDA (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(14 November 2012) vol 89):

Sir, when Parliament sat in 1975 to consider the drug problem, they were faced
with a serious drug situation which was threatening to overwhelm Singapore.
They weighed the damage that drugs and those who traffic in drugs were doing
to our society. They decided to institute tougher laws and penalties, coupled
with strong enforcement.

...

Sir, as Mr Shanmugam has pointed out, _it is the responsibility of Parliament
to decide what acts should be criminalised, and the importance and emphasis to
be placed on each crime._ Based on the seriousness of the crime, and the
damage it does to society and to the victims, Parliament then provides an
appropriate penalty framework. _For some serious crimes, due to the potential
harm that they cause and to register society’s disapprobation, it is necessary
to send a deterrent signal by providing for minimum or mandatory sentences.
This, by their nature, limits the degree of discretion that the courts have in
deciding on sentences. Severe penalties are not something which the Government
chooses to impose lightly, but only after careful consideration of the nature
of the act and consequences of doing so._

[emphasis added]

64 We do not think that the court should rewrite the law just because the
sentence imposed on the Respondent on account of the regime of minimum
sentence may appear harsh on the present facts (as the quantum of the drugs
imported was so minute). How the word “import” in s 7 should be interpreted
should not depend on the weight of the drugs that happen to be involved in a
given case. It would be seen from the statement of DPM Teo above that
Parliament had carefully calibrated the sentences it prescribed for the
various offences, including the regime of minimum sentences. Parliament having
deliberately adopted the definition of “import” set out in the IA would have
appreciated that the minimum sentence would be applied even where the
importation was in relation to a minute quantity of drugs. There is nothing in
the parliamentary debates which suggests that Parliament had regarded the act
of importing drugs into Singapore for personal consumption as being less
pernicious than trafficking in Singapore. What is clear from all the
statements made by the ministers in Parliament over the years is that we have
toughened our stand in our fight against the scourge of drugs. We would
reiterate (see [11] above) that if it was Parliament’s intention for
trafficking to be a necessary element of the offence of importation under s 7,
it could easily have so provided (see also the views of US court in _Robert
Probert_ quoted in [60] above).

The strict construction rule

65 Mr Vergis submitted that, applying the strict construction rule, any
ambiguity in s 7 of the MDA should be resolved in favour of the accused. This
is especially so in the light of the fact that s 7 carries extremely harsh
penalties.

66 In _Low Kok Heng_ , Rajah JA explained that the strict construction rule
should only be used as a last resort where all other interpretive tools (in
particular, the purposive approach) have failed to resolve the ambiguity in a
provision (at [38] and [57]):

38 The modern local position on the construction of penal statutes is
appositely summarised by Yong Pung How CJ in _Forward Food Management_ [[2002]
1 SLR(R) 443] at [26] in the following terms:

[T]he strict construction rule is only applied to ambiguous statutory
provisions as a tool of last resort. The proper approach to be taken by a
court construing a penal provision is to first consider if the literal and
purposive interpretations of the provision leave the provision in ambiguity.
It is only after these and other tools of ascertaining Parliament's intent
have been exhausted, that the strict construction rule kicks in in the accused
person's favour.

To my mind, this is decidedly the most appropriate approach to adopt,
particularly in the light of the principle of statutory construction of
statutes endorsed by Parliament in the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev
Ed), as discussed below.

...

57 To summarise, s 9A of the Interpretation Act mandates that a purposive
approach be adopted in the construction of all statutory provisions, and
allows extrinsic material to be _referred to, e_ ven where, on a plain
reading, the words of a statute are clear and unambiguous. The purposive
approach takes precedence over all other common law principles of
interpretation. However, construction of a statutory provision pursuant to the
purposive approach stipulated by s 9A is constrained by the parameters set by
the literal text of the provision. _The courts should confine themselves to
interpreting statutory provisions purposively with the aid of extrinsic
material within such boundaries and assiduously guard against inadvertently
re-writing legislation._ Counsel should also avoid prolonging proceedings
unnecessarily by citing irrelevant extrinsic material to support various
constructions of a statutory provision; this would be tantamount to an abuse
of the wide and permissive s 9A(2) of the Interpretation Act. The general
position in Singapore with respect to the construction of written law should
be the same whether the provision is a penal or civil one. _Purposive
interpretation in accordance with s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act is the
paramount principle of interpretation even with respect to penal statutes; it
is only in cases where penal provisions remaining ambiguous notwithstanding
all attempts at purposive interpretation that the common law strict
construction rule may be invoked._

[emphasis added]

67 In our view, there is simply no scope for the strict construction rule to
operate in this case. As we have said, the meaning of s 7 of the MDA is plain
and unambiguous on its face. Moreover, the word “import” is expressly defined
in s 2(1) of the IA, and we have decided that there is no basis for departing
from this definition. Consequently, neither the purposive approach nor the
strict construction rule would allow us to construe s 7 as requiring the
importation of drugs to be for the purpose of trafficking.

Can it be a defence that the accused did not import drugs for the purpose of
trafficking?

68 In the alternative, Mr Vergis submitted that even if the intent to traffic
cannot be read as an element of the offence of drug importation, we should at
least hold that it is a good _defence_ to a s 7 charge for the accused to
prove that the drugs were imported for a purpose other than trafficking. Here,
it is apposite to refer to s 107 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed):

**Burden of proving that case of accused comes within exceptions**

**107.** When a person is accused of any offence, the burden of proving the
existence of circumstances bringing the case within any of the general
exceptions in the Penal Code (Cap. 224), or within any special exception or
proviso contained in any other part of the Penal Code, or in any law defining
the offence, is upon him, and the court shall presume the absence of such
circumstances.

69 In our judgment, although it appears to be an attractive compromise to hold
that proof that drugs were not imported for the purpose of trafficking is a
defence to a s 7 charge, to do so would amount to judicial legislation, since
no such proviso or exception can be found in the MDA. Any reform in this
regard will have to come from Parliament.

Conclusion

70 For the above reasons, we hold that the Question should be answered in the
negative, _viz_ , s 7 of the MDA does _not_ require the Prosecution to prove
that the accused imported the controlled drug for the purpose of trafficking
in order to secure a conviction under that section.

71 Under s 397(5) of the CPC, this court, in hearing and determining any
questions referred, may make such orders as the High Court might have made as
this court considers just for the disposal of the case. Accordingly, we set
aside the orders at [66] of the Judgment (where the High Court set aside the
Respondent’s conviction and remitted the case to the District Court for a new
trial) and dismiss the Respondent’s appeal against his sentence, given that
his sentence of 5 years’ imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane is the
mandatory minimum sentence for his offence of importing a Class A drug.

72 Finally, we would like to thank the DPPs and counsel for the Respondent
(who took on this case _pro bono_) for their able assistance in this case.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jun 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

