Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Diamond Exchange of Singapore _v_ Singapore Diamond Exchange Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHCR 10

Case Number| :| Suit No 984 of 2012; Summons No 1281 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 April 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Eunice Chua AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Ying Sin Daniel (Joyce A Tan & Partners) for the
Plaintiff; Wong Siew Hong and Poonaam Bai (Eldan Law LLP) for the Defendant.  
Parties| :|  Diamond Exchange of Singapore — Singapore Diamond Exchange Pte
Ltd  
  
3 April 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
AR Eunice Chua:

1 This application raised the novel question of when security of costs should
be ordered against a not-for-profit society under s 36(1) of the Societies Act
(Cap 311, 1985 Rev Ed). There have been no reported cases on this provision of
the Societies Act since it was introduced in 1982.

Facts

2 The plaintiff, Diamond Exchange of Singapore, is a trade association
registered as a society in Singapore since 20 August 1976. It seeks to, _inter
alia_ :

promote and foster all aspects of the trade, commerce and business of
wholesale importers and exporters of diamonds and other precious and semi-
precious stones, pearls and jewellery and any allied business in Singapore and
to consider all matters affected or concerning such trade, commerce and
business and generally to watch over and protect the interest of its members
engaged in the business.[note: 1]

3 The plaintiff’s members are manufacturers, dealers, wholesalers, retailers
and individuals in the trade of diamonds, other precious and semi-precious
stones, pearls and jewellery.

4 On 21 November 2012, the plaintiff commenced suit against the defendant,
Singapore Diamond Exchange Pte Ltd, for passing off and on the ground that the
defendant’s name is a colourable imitation of the plaintiff’s name under s 55
of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed). On 11 March 2013, the defendant
filed an application to seek security in the sum of $35,000 against the
plaintiff for costs up to completion of discovery.

5 The defendant relied on the following pieces of circumstantial evidence to
justify invoking the court’s discretion to order security for costs: (a) the
plaintiff is a not-for-profit organisation; (b) the plaintiff’s membership has
since 1987 declined from 73 members to 43 in 2011; (c) the amount of fees
payable by the plaintiff’s members for subscriptions each year has not been
disclosed by the defendant; (d) the plaintiff’s income is primarily from
member’s subscriptions; and (e) the plaintiff’s latest annual return available
from the Registry of Societies was from 2010.

6 The president of the plaintiff, on behalf of the plaintiff, responded on
affidavit to emphasise the strengths of the plaintiff’s claim against the
defendant and to state that the factors relied on by the plaintiff were
“neither here nor there”, did not set out a complete picture, or were non-
issues. The president of the plaintiff did not produce the plaintiff’s
accounts or say that the plaintiff held sufficient assets to pay the costs of
the defendant if the defendant were successful in its defence. Rather, he
stated that the plaintiff was a trade association whose members were involved
in the trade of _diamonds_ , and that he had “every confidence that the
[plaintiff] will remain solvent and will continue to fully function regardless
of the outcome of [the] action”.[note: 2] He also stated that each of the
members of the plaintiff was a “quality member with many years of reputable
trading history” and that collectively they were “well able to fund the
activities of the [plaintiff], including the present action”.[note: 3] He
admitted that the plaintiff had been late in filing its annual returns with
the Registry of Societies but that it had since done so.

Background to s 36(1) of the Societies Act

7 Section 36(1) of the Societies Act states:

Where a registered society or any of its officers purporting to act on its
behalf is plaintiff in any action or other legal proceeding, the court having
jurisdiction in the matter may, if it appears by credible testimony that there
is reason to believe that the society or the officer will be unable to pay the
costs of the defendant if successful in his defence, require sufficient
security to be given for those costs and stay all proceedings until the
security is given.

8 This section was introduced by the Societies (Amendment) Bill 1982 (Act 16
of 1982) (“the Amendment Bill”). During the second reading speech of the
Amendment Bill in Parliament, the purpose of s 36(1) was described as follows
(_Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (27 July 1982) vol 42
cols 56–58):

The purpose of this Bill is to amend the Societies Act so as to empower the
court, where proceedings are instituted by a registered society, to require it
to furnish sufficient security for costs that might be incurred by the
defendant in such proceedings. …

Mr Speaker, Sir, it is common knowledge that costs will have to be paid in any
civil litigation. The party that loses his case in court will normally have to
pay the costs of not only his, but that of the other party. _If the court's
order is not observed then, as the law stands at present, any judgment against
a registered society can only be enforced by writs of execution against the
assets of the society. However, there are instances where the successful party
has not been able to recover the costs from the plaintiff. This means that if
a society institutes legal proceedings but it does not have the assets or
funds to meet the costs of such proceedings, a defendant who successfully
defends an action brought against him by a society would be unable to recover
his costs from the society._

This is not an academic issue. We have the recent example of a political
party, the Workers Party, which instituted defamation proceedings against an
individual, Mr Tay Boon Too, a former Member of Parliament, and the Attorney-
General (representing the former Department of Broadcasting). The plaintiff
lost its defamation case against the defendants but did not fully pay the
costs awarded to the defendants. Execution and garnishee proceedings taken by
one of the defendants to realize a sum of about $25,000 as costs due to him
showed that the plaintiff society had only $18.47 in its bank account. I think
we are all familiar with the fact that an Order of Court was applied for and
obtained for the appointment of an Official Receiver, in whose hands will be
placed the assets of the party and who will be charged with the responsibility
of getting the assets of the party and paying out its just and lawful debts.
In spite of having such a paltry sum in its bank account and still being
deeply in debt, that society nevertheless had again brought another defamation
suit, as we know, against the Second Deputy Prime Minister, which, if it were
to lose, would render it liable to pay another large sum of money in costs.

_The citizens of Singapore must be protected from such acts of
irresponsibility on the part of the societies or any of its officials acting
on its behalf. Rights must be accompanied by responsibilities. The right to
seek redress in our courts is open to all; but it must be accompanied by a
responsibility to comply with the awards and orders of the court._

This amending Bill does not shut off or preclude any party from resorting to
justice in accordance with the law. Although access to the courts must always
be made available to all to pursue their just claims and grievances, we must
_ensure at the same time that defendants who have been successful in warding
off unjustifiable and unreasonable claims and who have been unjustifiably
dragged to court, should not be left without a hope of recovering the costs
that they have been made to incur._ The present Bill seeks to _prevent such
abuse of our legal process by a registered society instituting legal
proceedings without a care as to whether it has the means to meet the costs of
the legal action_.

[emphasis added]

9 In short, the Amendment Bill was directed at giving defendants in actions
brought by societies an avenue to ensure that their costs, if their defence
was successful, would be recoverable. This is particularly where a society has
demonstrated that it does not have sufficient means to meet orders for costs
yet commences subsequent proceedings.

10 It is also important to note the context in which s 36(1) of the Societies
Act operates. Under s 35(_d_) of the Societies Act, “no judgment in any suit
against a registered society shall be put into force against the person or
property of any officer or member of the society but _only against the
property of the society_ [emphasis added]” except as otherwise provided in s
36 of the Societies Act. In the event that the court orders security for costs
under s 36(1) of the Societies Act, s 36(2) provides that where the amount of
the security is not sufficient to pay the costs of the defendant, a defendant
may then hold the “officers of the society who approved the institution of the
action or legal proceeding” and “any person who, on subsequently becoming an
officer of the society, does not take any reasonable measure for the purpose
of seeking the discontinuance of the action or legal proceeding” jointly and
severally liable.

11 In other words, s 36 of the Societies Act not only allows a defendant to
apply to court to obtain security for its costs against a society, it permits
the successful defendant to enforce its entitlement to costs against officers
of the society who had approved the action or legal proceeding or new officers
who do not take reasonable measures to discontinue the action or legal
proceeding.

Principles governing the application of s 36(1) of the Societies Act

12 Both parties agreed that the discretion of the court to order security for
costs against a society is similar to the manner the discretion is applied in
the context of a company pursuant to s 388(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed) because that provision is _in pari materia_ with s 36(1) of the
Societies Act.

13 Section 388(1) of the Companies Act states:

Where a corporation is plaintiff in any action or other legal proceeding the
court having jurisdiction in the matter may, _if it appears by credible
testimony that there is reason to believe that the corporation will be unable
to pay the costs of the defendant if successful in his defence_ , require
sufficient security to be given for those costs and stay all proceedings until
the security is given. [emphasis added]

14 Analogising from _Creative Elegance Sdn Bhd v Puay Kim Seng and Anor_
[1999] 1 SLR(R) 112 at [13], once the condition in s 36(1) of the Societies
Act is satisfied (_ie_ , it appears by credible testimony that there is reason
to believe that the society will be unable to pay the costs of the defendant
if successful in his defence), the court’s discretion is invoked and the court
will consider all the circumstances to decide whether it is just to order the
plaintiff to provide security for costs and the extent of such security.

Whether the condition for invocation of the court’s discretion to order
security for costs is satisfied

15 Where the parties disagreed was whether the same considerations for
determining that the condition for invoking the court’s discretion to order
security for costs applied to a company and a society.

The parties’ arguments

16 The defendant relied on _Frantonios Marine Services Pte Ltd and another v
Kay Swee Tuan_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 224 (“ _Frantonios Marine Services_ ”) for the
proposition that the court would consider the:

cash position and the financing and credit facilities available to the
plaintiff …, its assets and liabilities (both current and long term),
including any enforceable legal debts or obligations owing by third parties …
but not some non-legally binding offers or avenues of financial assistance …
from interested third parties or based on some kind of goodwill.

17 Accordingly, the defendant argued that the statement of the plaintiff’s
officer on affidavit that the members of the plaintiff would be able to fund
the litigation was of no consequence because under s 35(_d_) of the Societies
Act, a judgment can only be enforced against the property of the society and
not its members. Since the plaintiff had offered no evidence to demonstrate
that it had sufficient assets to meet any liability for costs, there was
sufficient evidence to satisfy the condition for invoking the court’s
discretion to order security for costs.

18 The plaintiff, on the other hand, argued that a society could not be judged
by the same standards as a company because it was not a profit-making
organisation. The plaintiff emphasised the illustrative example used by then
Minister of State for Law and Home Affairs, Prof S Jayakumar, during the
second reading of the Amendment Bill of a political party commencing a second
defamation lawsuit when it had been unable to meet the costs of the successful
plaintiff in a first defamation lawsuit (see [8] above) as a paradigm example
of the type of mischief that the Amendment Bill was intended to cure. The
plaintiff noted that Prof Jayakumar, in responding to comments, stated that
the majority of societies, to the best of his knowledge, had paid due regard
to the legal and judicial process in Singapore but that it was necessary to
introduce the amendment to prevent other societies from following in the ways
of the political party in question.

19 Accordingly, the plaintiff argued that the condition for the court’s
discretion to be invoked would only be fulfilled where there was some history
of non-payment of costs, where the society is insolvent, where there was
evidence of some abuse of the court’s process by the society or other such
exceptional circumstances. The plaintiff also argued that the defendant’s
reliance on s 35(_d_) of the Societies Act was misconceived as it applied only
to the enforcement of a judgment in any suit against a registered society.
According to the plaintiff, a society’s members could be held liable for debts
or other liabilities of a society since a society did not enjoy any limited
liability protection.

My decision

20 In my view, the defendant had not succeeded in showing by way of credible
testimony that there is reason to believe that the plaintiff will be unable to
pay its costs if it were successful in its defence.

21 The defendant’s reliance on _Frantonios Marine Services_ was not
appropriate in the present case. The company in question in that case was one
that had ceased to carry on business and had no sources of income. It had
staved off liquidation and bankruptcy proceedings by paying its debts through
instalments and progress payments and with moneys from two interested third
parties who had no intention of allowing the company to become insolvent. The
company had also argued that it still had tremendous goodwill despite its cash
flow problems. The High Court’s observations (quoted at [15] above) had to be
considered in this context.

22 On the facts, there was no evidence that the plaintiff owed any debts or
was facing dissolution. Rather, the plaintiff had been in existence since 1976
and, on the evidence, continues to operate. It is true that its primary income
comes from member subscriptions and that the number of its members had reduced
by 30 between 1987 and 2011, leaving it with 43 members as at 2011. However,
unlike measuring a company’s ability to pay costs based on its earnings, one
cannot measure a trade association’s equivalent ability by its membership
subscription and income. A reduction in the number of members may be caused by
a myriad of factors and that fact on its own is neither here nor there,
particularly where the membership in the trade association remained sizeable.
It must further be borne in mind that a trade association, unlike a company,
does not aim to earn income and it would not be fair to apply the same
yardstick of income to measure the viability of a trade association.
Similarly, a company depending on third-party financing cannot be compared to
a trade association depending on its members to fund its activities. The
former clearly signals the company’s impecuniosity, the latter is no such
signal as the source of a trade association’s funds would usually be its
members.

23 However, I note at this juncture that I accepted the defendant’s argument
(at [19] above) that in the event that it was successful in its defence, it
would only be able to take enforcement action against the property of the
plaintiff to satisfy any award of costs and not against individual members of
the plaintiff. The plaintiff offered me no authority to support the
proposition that members of a society may be liable for the debts or
liabilities of a society because societies did not have limited liability.
Further, I did not see any analogy between partnerships or sole
proprietorships and societies in this respect given the different regimes
these entities operated within. The Societies Act had vested registered
societies with sufficient legal personality to sue and be sued (see _Chen
Cheng and another v Central Christian Church and another appeal_ [1995] 3
SLR(R) 806) and also to hold property whether through trustees or through its
governing body (see s 35(_a_) of the Societies Act), in my view, there was no
basis to hold members of a society responsible for the liabilities of a
society unless specified by the Societies Act.

24 The only piece of circumstantial evidence relied on by the defendant that
may indicate an inability to pay costs on the part of the plaintiff was that
the plaintiff had been late in filing its annual returns and audited accounts,
and had not produced its audited accounts to the court in evidence. As
observed by the Assistant Registrar in _Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd v
Revitech Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 230 at [12]–[13] (“ _Ho Pak Kim Realty_ ”), in
the context of deciding an application for security for costs under s 388(1)
Companies Act application, it may well be possible for the dereliction of duty
to file audited accounts to constitute circumstantial evidence sufficient to
meet the condition for credible testimony and thus require the plaintiff to
produce counter-evidence to show that it is in a solvent financial position.

25 This principle can apply to the present context. However, on the totality
of the circumstances of this case, I am not prepared to place so much weight
on the plaintiff’s late filing of its annual returns and its failure to
produce its audited accounts in evidence. I note that in _Ho Pak Kim Realty_ ,
the company in question had failed to file audited accounts for four years and
that the court had also taken into account the company’s delay in making good
previous costs orders and the fact that the costs were paid by a third party
rather than the plaintiff. Here, although the plaintiff has been curiously shy
in producing its audited accounts, it had filed them (albeit late) and was no
longer in breach of its obligations under the Societies Act in that regard.
Further, the plaintiff’s president has on affidavit given evidence that the
plaintiff’s members are prepared to fund the legal action of the plaintiff and
also suggested how the plaintiff may obtain such funds from its members. This
is therefore a different situation from _Ho Pak Kim Realty_.

26 Accordingly, I find that the defendant has failed to show by way of
credible testimony that there is reason to believe that the plaintiff will be
unable to pay the costs of the defendant if successful in its defence.

Whether the court should exercise its discretion to order security for costs

27 In respect of the second stage of the enquiry as to when the court would
exercise its discretion to order security for costs, the parties were largely
in agreement that the principles applicable to ordering security for costs
under O 23 of the Rules of Court and s 388(1) of the Companies Act would
similarly apply, _ie_ , the court would have regard to all the circumstances
of the case to determine if it was just to make the order.

The parties’ arguments

28 The defendant argued that the court should exercise its discretion to order
security for costs under s 36 of the Societies Act given that the plaintiff
had failed to offer any evidence to demonstrate its ability to pay the
defendant’s costs.

29 The plaintiff argued that it was not necessary for it to offer such
evidence given that the defendant had not satisfied the condition to adduce
credible testimony. Nevertheless, the plaintiff urged the court to consider
that its claim had a good prospect of success and that the defendant had
failed to place any material before the court to enable the court to come to a
view on an appropriate quantum to be ordered as security.

My decision

30 Given my finding on the first issue, it was strictly not necessary to
decide the second issue of whether the court should exercise its discretion to
grant security for costs. However, for the sake of completeness, I note that
even if the first issue had been answered affirmatively, I would not have
exercised my discretion to grant security for costs against the plaintiff.

31 The fact that there was credible testimony that a plaintiff may not be able
to pay a successful defendant’s costs did not mean that an order for the
payment of security of costs should naturally follow barring exceptional
circumstances. Although this principle has been applied in _Frantonios Marine
Services_ to companies, it would set the bar too low for societies. The
practical effect of such a principle would be to require all societies, which
generally were not profit-making or holders of substantial property, to
provide security for costs in order to bring a claim. This would also be
inconsistent with the illustrative example used in and the tenor of the second
reading speech of the Amendment Bill, where the focus had been placed, as
argued by the plaintiff, on situations where there was some history of non-
payment of costs, where the society is insolvent, and where there was evidence
of some abuse of the court’s process by the society.

32 In considering whether security for costs ought to be ordered against a
society, the court had to consider the totality of the circumstances and
balance the risk to the defendant that it may not be able to recover its costs
from the plaintiff society, against allowing the plaintiff society to proceed
with its claim and have its day in court without having to be put through the
process of raising funds to meet an order for security for costs. In striking
this balance, the court would take into account the established factors
relevant to the court’s exercise of discretion, such as whether the
plaintiff’s claim was _bona fide_ and not a sham, whether the plaintiff has a
reasonably good prospect of success, whether the application for security was
being used oppressively, whether the application for security is made at a
late stage of the proceedings, _etc_ (see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2013_ ,
vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2013) at paras 23/3/5 and 23/3/19).

33 On the facts, taking into account the expressed willingness of the
plaintiff to raise funds from its members who were persons of substance, that
it was not disputed that the plaintiff’s claim was _bona fide_ and not a sham,
that on a perusal of the pleadings and the evidence before me the plaintiff
had a reasonably good prospect of success, and that the defendant had not
offered any other reasons to justify an order for security or costs or the
quantum sought apart from reiterating its arguments in respect of the
fulfilment of the condition in s 36(1) of the Societies Act, I would not have
exercised my discretion to order security for costs.

Conclusion

34 For the above reasons, I dismissed the application for security for costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim at paragraph 2.

[note: 2]Affidavit of Hathiramani Suresh Mulchand filed on 22 March 2103 at
paragraph 24.

[note: 3]Affidavit of Hathiramani Suresh Mulchand filed on 22 March 2103 at
paragraphs 25–26.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Apr 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

