Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Low Tuck Kwong _v_ Sukamto Sia  
[2013] SGCA 61

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 173 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Davinder Singh SC, Tony Yeo, DK Rozalynne PG Dato Asmali
and Meryl Koh Junning (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant; Giam Chin Toon
SC, Tan Hsuan Boon, Lim Meng Ern Kevin and Tang Suen Sim Jacqueline (Wee Swee
Teow & Co) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Low Tuck Kwong — Sukamto Sia  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 1 SLR 1016.]

8 November 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court, which is reported
at _Low Tuck Kwong v Sukamto Sia_ [2013] 1 SLR 1016 (“the Judgment”). The
action was started by the appellant Low Tuck Kwong (“the Appellant”) against
the respondent Sukamto Sia (“the Respondent”) following the publication of
letters sent in 2008 by the Respondent in Indonesia to various persons and the
subsequent republications of those letters in Indonesia and Singapore to other
persons and various media. In brief, the contents of these letters alleged
that the Appellant and the Respondent had sometime in 1995 or 1996 entered
into an agreement whereby for the provision of some money, the Appellant would
give to the Respondent half of the shares of the coal mining company he was
intending to set up if he was successful in securing this deal. The Respondent
therefore claimed ownership over 50% of the shares of the Appellant’s coal
mining company and threatened legal action if his demands were not acceded to.
These letters were published in the shadow of an impending Initial Public
Offering (“IPO”) of the Appellant’s coal mining company. As a result,
disclosures were made about the Respondent’s claims to various parties
involved in the IPO process and to the investing public, thereby causing
republications of the Respondent’s words.

2 The Appellant claimed against the Respondent in defamation and in malicious
falsehood. The High Court judge (“the Judge”) dismissed the Appellant’s claims
and it is from this decision that the Appellant appeals. A counterclaim
brought by the Respondent against the Appellant for breach of contract,
proprietary estoppel, constructive trust, breach of fiduciary duty and money
had and received was also dismissed by the Judge. No cross-appeal was filed by
the Respondent.

Facts

The parties to the dispute

3 The Appellant is the president commissioner and controlling shareholder of
PT Bayan Resources Tbk (“PT Bayan”), a coal mining company listed on the
Indonesian Stock Exchange (“the IDX”). The Respondent is a businessman. The
two were close friends until 1997, after which they had an irreconcilable
falling out.

Background to the dispute

4 In 2007, PT Bayan started preparing for its IPO on the IDX. In relation to
the IPO, PT Trimegah Securities Indonesia Tbk (“PT Trimegah”) was the domestic
lead managing underwriter, Merrill Lynch (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Merrill Lynch
Singapore”) (which was assisted by PT Merrill Lynch Indonesia (“Merrill Lynch
Indonesia”)) was the sole book runner and the lead international selling
agent, and Macquarie Capital (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Macquarie Singapore”) was
the co-lead manager and the international selling agent.

The 1st and 2nd Letters of 10 and 15 July 2008 respectively

5 On 10 July 2008, the Respondent’s Indonesian lawyers, M/s Hotman Paris &
Partners (“HPP”) sent a letter to the Appellant and PT Bayan (“the 1st
Letter).[note: 1] This letter was in Bahasa Indonesia and a translation of it
is as follows (where the translations provided by the Appellant and the
Respondent differ materially, the Appellant’s translation is in italics and in
brackets while the Respondent’s translation is underlined):

|  Law Firm HOTMAN PARIS & PARTNERS |   
---|---|---  
… 10 July 2008 To,  
**PT BAYAN RESOURCES** [address] |  **Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong** [address]  
|  **Subject: LEGAL NOTICE** |   
Dear Sir, We are acting on behalf of **SUKAMTO SIA** on the basis of a
**Special Power of Attorney dated the 9 (Ninth) of July 2008**. We herewith
wish to **STRONGLY WARN Mr. DATO’ LOW TUCK KWONG** and **PT BAYAN RESOURCES
AND ITS COMPANY GROUP** to **SURRENDER AND RETURN** to our client the 50%
(fifty percent) minimum of all the shares and interest in PT Bayan Resources
and its company group. This **LEGAL NOTICE** is based on the following **LEGAL
FACTS** :  
1. |  In 1995 and at the beginning of 1996 Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong was facing a financial crisis.  
2. |  After his financial failure, Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong persuaded our client to _invest and facilitate_ [_invest and provide facilities_] in the business of Coal Mining in Indonesia. Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong convinced our client that if our client _invests and facilitates the establishment of the coal mine_ [_invested and provided the facilities for the coal mining establishment_], Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong would guarantee that the investment would be worth a minimum of 500,000,000.00 USD (five hundred million US dollars) within 7 to 8 years, especially when the coal mining company was listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange. On the basis of that proposal, our client was persuaded by Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong to _fund and facilitate the investment of the coal mine_ [_invest and provide facilities for the coal mining business_] and Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong did receive the money from our client to fund and to get the concession rights to the coal mine. Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong promised that our client would get 50% (fifty percent) of all the shares in the coal mining company. In light of their friendship and seeing Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong’s grave financial condition at the time, our client funded and facilitated the establishment of the coal mining company for Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong, including acquiring the concession rights to the coal mine, which was then established under the name PT Bayan Resources.  
Therefore, in accordance with the above legal facts, we **ARE DEMANDING THE
RIGHT TO 50% (FIFTY PERCENT) OF THE SHARES IN PT BAYAN RESOURCES AND ITS
ENTIRE COMPANY GROUP WITH THE CONSEQUENCES THAT IF OUR CLIENT’S RIGHTS ARE NOT
DELIVERED IN THE NEAR FUTURE, OUR CLIENT WILL BRING A CIVIL AND CRIMINAL SUIT
AGAINST MR. DATO’ LOW TUCK KWONG, PT BAYAN RESOURCES AND ITS COMPANY GROUP**.
Thank you for your kind attention to this matter. … [emphasis in bold in
original; emphasis in italics and underline added]  
  
  

6 PT Bayan’s lawyers M/s Soenardi Richard Sekutu (“SRS”) wrote back on 14 July
2008, asking for a copy of the Special Power of Attorney referred to in the
1st Letter (“the SRS Letter”).[note: 2] They received no response.

7 On 15 July 2008, HPP sent a second letter to the Appellant, PT Bayan and SRS
(“the 2nd Letter”),[note: 3] which was, save in one immaterial aspect,
identical to the 1st Letter.

The 3rd Letter of 21 July 2008

8 On 21 July 2008, HPP sent a third letter to (a) the Chief of the Indonesian
Capital Market and Financial Institutions Supervisory Agency (“BAPEPAM”), the
Indonesian capital market regulator; (b) the Director in Chief of the IDX; (c)
PT Trimegah; (d) Merrill Lynch Indonesia at a Jakarta address; and (e) PT
Macquarie Securities Indonesia and PT Macquarie Konsultan at an Jakarta
address identical to that of Merrill Lynch Indonesia (“the 3rd Letter”).[note:
4] This 3rd Letter enclosed the 1st Letter, the SRS Letter and the 2nd Letter.
This 3rd Letter was likewise in Bahasa Indonesia and a translation of it is as
follows (where the translations provided by the Appellant and the Respondent
differ materially, the Appellant’s translation is in italics and in brackets
while the Respondent’s translation is underlined):

**Law Firm**

**HOTMAN PARIS & PARTNERS**

…

July 21, 2008

To

**Capital Market Executive Agency(Bapepam)** [address] Att: … Chief [Head] **Merrill Lynch** Stock Exchange Building Jakarta Tower I 18th Floor Jenderal Sudirman St. Kav. 52-53 Jakarta 12190 |  **Indonesian Stock Exchange** [address] Att: … Director in Chief [Managing Director] **Trimegah Securities** **Indonesia Ltd., Tbk** [address]  
---|---  
  
  

**Macquarie Securities** [stamp]

Stock Exchange Building Jakarta Tower I

8th Floor

Jenderal Sudirman St. Kav. 52-53

Jakarta 12190

**Macquarie Consultants**

Stock Exchange Building Jakarta Tower I

8th Floor

Jenderal Sudirman St. Kav. 52-53

Jakarta 12190

**SUBJECT:** **Request to restrain Bayan Resources Ltd. from going public
(Initial Public Offering IPO) due to the ongoing dispute over ownership of
Bayan Resources Ltd. with our Client**

Dear Sirs,

We are acting on behalf of **SUKAMTO SIA** on the basis of a **Special Power
of Attorney dated 9 (Nine) July 2008**.

Through this letter, we are requesting that The Capital Market Executive
Agency, the Indonesian Stock Exchange, Merrill Lynch Indonesia, Trimegah
Securities Indonesia Ltd., Macquarie Securities, Macquarie Consultants
**SUSPEND THE PROCESS OF GOING PUBLIC (INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING) OF BAYAN
RESOURCES LTD. BECAUSE AT THE PRESENT TIME BAYAN RESOURCES LTD. AND ITS ENTIRE
COMPANY GROUP AS WELL AS MR DATO’ LOW TUCK KWONG (THE OWNER OF BAYAN RESOURCES
LTD.) ARE INVOLVED IN A LEGAL DISPUTE WITH OUR CLIENT** on the following
grounds:

1\. Whereas, for your information, **OUR CLIENT IS THE PARTY THAT FUNDED AND
FACILITATED** Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong in establishing the coal mining
company, including getting the concession rights to the coal, now called Bayan
Resources Ltd.

2\. From the start, Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong tried to convince our client that
if our client invests and facilitates in the establishment of the coal mine,
Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong guarantees that the investment would be worth a
minimum of USD 500,000,000.00 (five hundred million United States dollars)
within 7 to 8 years, especially when the coal mining company is listed on the
Indonesia Stock Exchange.

3\. Whereas, on the basis of that proposal, our client was persuaded by Mr.
Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong to _fund and facilitate the investment in_ [_invest and
provide facilities for_] the coal mining company and Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong
did receive the money from our client to fund and to get the concession rights
to the coal mine. Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong promised that our client would get
50% (fifty percent) of all the shares in the coal mine.

4\. Finally, in light of their friendship and seeing Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck
Kwong’s grave financial condition at that time, our client _funded and
provided facilities_ [_invested and provided funds_] for Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck
Kwong to fund the development of the coal mining company, including to get the
concession rights to the coal, which was then established under the name Bayan
Resources Ltd. and its company group.

However, it turned out that Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong **NEVER GAVE** the rights
to 50% (fifty percent) of the shares in Bayan Resources Ltd. and its entire
company group to our client, the investor and Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong **NEVER
INFORMED NOR ASKED PERMISSION** from our client pertaining to a plan for Bayan
Resources Ltd. to go public.

Whereas our client has issued a warning to Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong through a
Legal Notice No. 0175/0425.01/MA dated 10 July 2008, but as of now there has
been no response from Bayan Resources Ltd. and Mr. Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong, and
we have only received a letter from Bayan Resource’s Legal Counsel, which
**DID NOT REPLY** in any material way to our Legal Notice.

On the basis of the above-mentioned facts, we wish to inform you that **IN THE
NEAR FUTURE OUR CLIENT WILL SEEK ALL UNYIELDING LEGAL ACTIONS, IN CIVIL OR
CRIMINAL LITIGATION VENUES AGAINST BAYAN RESOURCES LTD. AND ITS ENTIRE COMPANY
GROUP, INCLUDING AGAINST MR DATO’ LOW TUCK KWONG PERSONALLY**.

And

Therefore we are requesting that the Capital Market Executive Agency,
Indonesia Stock Exchange, Merrill Lynch Indonesia, Trimegah Securities
Indonesia, Ltd., Macquarie Securities and Macquarie Consultants **PROHIBIT
BAYAN RESOURCES LTD. AND THE ENTIRE COMPANY GROUP FROM GOING PUBLIC (INITIAL
PUBLIC OFFERING) SO AS NOT TO CAUSE ANY LOSSES TO A THIRD PARTY AND TO AVOID
ANY LAWSUITS BY OUR CLIENT**.

Thank you for your kind attention to this matter.

…

**Attachment:**

\- Legal Notice dated July 10, 2008 No.0175/0435.01/MA

\- Legal Notice dated July 15, 2008 No.0177/0425.01/MA

\- Legal Notice dated July 14, 2008 No.SRS/20- 34/111/VII/2008

[emphasis in bold in original; emphasis in italics and underline added]

The republications

9 According to the Appellant, the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Letters (collectively, “the
Letters” or “the Indonesian Publications”) were, as a result of their primary
publication by the Respondent, republished in Indonesia and in Singapore.

10 The Appellant averred that the extent of the republication in Indonesia was
as follows:

(a) the 1st Letter and the 2nd Letter from PT Bayan to BAPEPAM on 18 July
2008[note: 5] and the 1st Letter from the Appellant to BAPEPAM on 18 July
2008;[note: 6]

(b) the 3rd Letter from Merrill Lynch Singapore to PT Bayan;[note: 7] and

(c) the Letters or their summarised content in, but not limited to, two
Indonesian newspapers, _Suara Pembaruan_ on 5 August 2008[note: 8] and _Bisnis
Indonesia_ on 6 August 2008,[note: 9] and PT Bayan’s Indonesian Final
Prospectus (“the Indonesian Final Prospectus”) dated 6 August 2008[note: 10]

(a) (collectively, “the Indonesian Republications”).

11 The Appellant further averred that the extent of the republication in
Singapore was as follows:

(a) the 1st Letter from the Appellant to Merrill Lynch Singapore and the 3rd
Letter from Merrill Lynch Indonesia to Merrill Lynch Singapore;[note: 11] and

(b) the Letters or their summarised content in PT Bayan’s Pricing Supplement
to the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and PT Bayan’s International Final
Offering Memorandum[note: 12]

(a) (collectively, “the Singapore Republications”).

The eventual IPO

12 According to the Appellant, the immediate result of the 3rd Letter was that
BAPEPAM informed PT Bayan’s IPO advisors that they “would have to clear any
disputes on the shares before the IPO could proceed”.[note: 13] The Appellant
and PT Bayan were advised by the IPO advisors to remove his planned vendor
shares offer and these were replaced by vendor shares offered by other
shareholders. On 24 July 2008, PT Bayan accordingly informed BAPEPAM and IDX
that the Appellant would withdraw his shares from the IPO vendor shares sale,
and that other PT Bayan shareholders would sell more shares to make up the
shortfall. On 4 August 2008, BAPEPAM issued an Effective Statement which
allowed the IPO to proceed. The IPO was launched on 12 August 2008, four days
later than originally planned and without the Appellant’s vendor shares.

The parties’ respective cases

13 The Appellant’s claims in the court below were in the torts of defamation
and malicious falsehood. It was the Appellant’s case that the Indonesian
Publications, the Indonesian Republications and the Singapore Republications
were defamatory. The Appellant’s case as pleaded was that in their natural and
ordinary meaning, the words complained of held the following meanings, _viz_ ,
that the Appellant:[note: 14]

(a) having induced the Respondent to invest in a coal mining business, now
known as PT Bayan, in return for 50% of the shares of that business, has
reneged on his part of the bargain;

(b) is seeking to mislead the public in relation to his shareholding in PT
Bayan (“the first extended meaning”); and

(c) has therefore acted dishonourably and has committed a crime (“the second
extended meaning”).

The Appellant’s further and alternative claim in malicious falsehood was that
the words complained of were false and that they were publish maliciously by
the Respondent.[note: 15]

14 It was claimed that as a result of the above:

(a) the Appellant’s reputation was damaged and he suffered hurt, distress and
embarrassment;

(b) the Appellant was not able to sell 375,000,000 vendor shares in the IPO at
the price of 5,800 rupiah per share for 2.175 trillion rupiah; and

(c) the Appellant lost the opportunity to use and invest 2.175 trillion
rupiah.

15 The Respondent’s pleaded case was essentially that there was a common
understanding with the Appellant, to whom he had in 1995 given S$3m to “invest
and facilitate” the Appellant’s establishment of an Indonesian coal mining
business, on the basis that if it was established, he would have a 50% share
in the business and if not, he would return the amount (“the Common
Understanding”).[note: 16] He thus denied the defamation and the malicious
falsehood. It was also on the basis of the truth of this Common Understanding
that he advanced his counterclaim for breach of contract, proprietary
estoppel, constructive trust, breach of fiduciary duty and money had and
received. As noted above, these counterclaims were dismissed by the Judge and
no appeal has been filed in respect of them.

The decision below

16 As some of the torts alleged were committed in Indonesia, the action having
been brought in Singapore, it was common ground that the double-actionability
rule applied. In respect of the claims in defamation for the Indonesian
Publications and the Indonesian Republications, and the claim in malicious
falsehood, all of which were committed in Indonesia, the Judge held that the
double-actionability rule in _Boys v Chaplin_ [1971] AC 356 as applied in
Singapore in _JIO Minerals FZC and others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd_ [2011] 1
SLR 391 at [88] required that the Appellant show that they were actionable
under both Singapore and Indonesian law. In respect of the Singapore
Republications, the Appellant was only required to show that they were
actionable in Singapore (see the Judgement at [16]). This meant that assuming
the required actionability is made out, to avoid liability, the Respondent had
to show, in respect of the Indonesian Publications and the Indonesian
Republications, that he has a defence under either Singapore law or Indonesian
law, and, in respect of the Singapore Republications, that he has a defence
under Singapore law.

17 As is evident, there were many discrete issues which fell to the Judge to
decide. These issues straddled both Singapore law and Indonesian law. Where
the issues engaged questions of Indonesian law, the Judge heard expert
evidence given by Indonesian lawyers who testified on behalf of the respective
parties.

18 It is also relevant to state that the trial of the matter was bifurcated by
an Order of Court dated 22 October 2009 pursuant to O 33 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”) for damages to be assessed
separately from liability. Consequently, the Judge only had to decide issues
relating to liability and so did not address issues relating to the assessment
of damages.

The Judge’s findings on the defamation claim

19 Given the nature of the present claim and the many factual and legal sub-
issues which arise from it, the Judge’s findings on the defamation claim are
numerous. Where necessary, we will elaborate on the Judge’s findings, but for
the most part we only set out in a summarised and tabular form the findings of
the Judge which are relevant for the purposes of this appeal. The Judge’s
findings were:

(a) In respect of actionability under Singapore law and Indonesian law and
accordingly whether the double actionability rule is satisfied, the Judge
found:

|  Singapore Law |  Indonesian Law |  Result  
---|---|---|---  
_The Indonesian Publications_ |  Actionable[note: 17] |  Actionable[note: 18] |  Maintainable  
_The Indonesian Republications_ |  Actionable[note: 19] |  Actionable[note: 20] |  Maintainable  
_The Singapore Republications_ |  Actionable[note: 21] |  Not Applicable |  Maintainable  
  
  

(b) The Judge held that to an ordinary reasonable person using his general
knowledge and common sense, and in the context of an imminent IPO, the
defamatory meaning of the Indonesian Publications is that the Appellant and
the Respondent had some private arrangement or understanding to account for
and deliver 50% of PT Bayan’s shares, which the Appellant had not performed,
_viz_ , the first pleaded meaning as advanced by the Appellant (see above at
[13(a)]), and that this would tend to lower the Appellant in the estimation of
right-thinking members of society generally or impute a lack of
integrity.[note: 22] The Judge rejected the first extended meaning, that is,
that the Appellant was seeking to mislead the public in relation to his
shareholding, _viz_ , the second pleaded meaning as advanced by the Appellant
(see above at [13(b)]).[note: 23] The Judge did not deal with the second
extended meaning, that is, that he had acted dishonourably and had committed a
crime (see above at [13(c)]).

(c) Having regard to the principle that “the antidote” must be taken with “the
bane” (see _Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another_ [2009] 2 SLR(R)
1004 (“ _Lim Eng Hock Peter_ ”) at [92]), and having regard to the fact that
most of the Indonesian Republications contained denials of and responses to
the Respondent’s claim, the Judge held that the Indonesian Republications
(save for the republication of the 3rd Letter by Merrill Lynch Singapore to PT
Bayan) carries a third level defamatory meaning as defined in _Chase v
Newsgroup Newspapers Ltd_ [2003] EMLR 218 (“ _Chase_ ”).[note: 24] In other
words, that there were reasonable grounds f+or investigating if the Appellant
had an agreement or understanding with the Respondent which he had not
performed, as alleged by the Respondent and as denied by the Appellant. As
regard the republication of the 3rd Letter by Merrill Lynch Singapore to PT
Bayan, the Judge was of the view that because this contained the full text of
the 3rd Letter and nothing more, it carried the same defamatory meaning as the
3rd Letter. The Judge was of the view that the Respondent is responsible for
the Indonesian Republications as they were the natural and probable result of
the Indonesian Publications.[note: 25]

(d) As regard the Singapore Republication, the Judge held that there was no
evidence that the 3rd Letter was sent to Merrill Lynch Singapore.[note: 26]
The Judge then found that the rest of the Singapore Republications (save for
the republication of the 1st Letter by the Appellant to Merrill Lynch
Singapore), carried the third defamatory meaning as defined in _Chase_.[note:
27] The republication of the 1st Letter by the Appellant to Merrill Lynch
Singapore was held to hold the same defamatory meaning as the 1st Letter, as
it contained the full text of it without more.[note: 28] Again, these findings
were premised on the Judge’s holding that these republications were the
natural and probable result of the Indonesian Publications.[note: 29]

(e) On the applicability of the defences, the Judge found:

|  Singapore Law |  Indonesian Law  
---|---|---  
Singapore Law Defences  
_Justification_ |  Does not apply[note: 30] |  -  
_Absolute Privilege_ |  Does not apply[note: 31] |  -  
_Qualified Privilege_ |  Applies[note: 32] |  -  
Indonesian Law Defences  
_Public Interest Defence_ |  - |  Does not apply[note: 33]  
_Necessary Defence_ |  - |  Does not apply[note: 34]  
  
  

(f) The defence of qualified privilege applied because the “duty-interest”
test in _Adam v Ward_ [1917] AC 309 at 334 (“ _Adam v Ward_ ”) was
satisfied.[note: 35] It was accepted that if it was shown that the
publications were made by the Respondent with malice, this would defeat the
defence of qualified privilege. In this respect the Judge found that the
Respondent believed in the truth of his claim as alleged in the Indonesian
Publications,[note: 36] and that as a result of such honest belief on the
Respondent’s part, the Appellant did not satisfactorily prove the malice that
would defeat the defence.[note: 37]

Since the defence of qualified privilege in Singapore law applied to the
Indonesian Publications and Republications, and the Singapore Republications,
the Judge held that the claim in defamation failed and it was for that reason
dismissed.

20 For completeness, the Judge also dealt with the issue of the heads of
relief available to the Appellant for the tort of defamation under Singapore
law and Indonesian law as follows:

|  Singapore Law |  Indonesian Law  
---|---|---  
_General damages_ |  Yes |  Only to the extent it was caused by damage to reputation; therefore, excludes loss of profit/ opportunity[note: 38]  
_Special damages_ |  Did not decide[note: 39] |   
_Aggravated damages_ |  No[note: 40] |  Yes[note: 41]  
_Injunction_ |  No[note: 42] |  Yes[note: 43]  
  
  

The Judge’s findings on the malicious falsehood claim

21 The Judge also found that the Appellant did not prove falsehood[note: 44]
and malice (for the same reasons explained at [19(f)] above)[note: 45]
required to found the claim in malicious falsehood under Singapore law.
Accordingly, the Judge did not consider whether the tort is actionable under
Indonesian law. The claim in malicious falsehood was thus dismissed.

The present appeal

22 In Civil Appeal No 173 of 2012, the Appellant appeals against several
aspects of the Judge’s dismissal of his claim:

(a) First, _vis-à-vis_ the claim in defamation, the Appellant takes issue with
the Judge’s refusal to accept that the words complained of had the first and
second extended meanings.

(b) Second, he disputes that the defence of qualified privilege attaches to
the Indonesian Publications, Indonesian Republications and Singapore
Republications (collectively, “the Publications and Republications”) and
appeals against the Judge’s rejection of his assertion that the Publications
and Republications were published with actual malice which would defeat the
defence. The issue of malice is relevant also to the Appellant’s claim in
malicious falsehood.

(c) Third, the Appellant appeals against the Judge’s finding that he had not
proved falsity in respect of the Indonesian Publications and consequently in
respect of the Indonesian Republications and Singapore Republications as well.

(d) Fourth, the Appellant makes submissions on the issue of causation of
special damage under both the defamation and the malicious falsehood claims.
This issue was not addressed by the Judge.

(e) Fourth, the Appellant appeals against the Judge’s findings on the
available heads of relief under both the defamation and the malicious
falsehood claims. Under the defamation claim, the Appellant argues that he is
entitled to aggravated damages and an injunction; under the malicious
falsehood claim, he argues that he is entitled to an injunction and a
declaration.

(f) Fifth, the Appellant appeals against the Judge’s finding under Indonesian
law that in a claim in defamation, he is not entitled to damages for loss of
opportunity. Two arguments are advanced for such purpose. One, it is argued
that a claim in defamation can be brought in Indonesia under both Arts 1372
and 1365 of the Indonesian Civil Code, and not only the former, which was the
finding of the Judge. Under Art 1365, the Appellant argues that he is entitled
to damages for loss of opportunity. Two, it is argued that damages available
under Art 1365 are also available in a claim under Art 1372.

(g) Last, the Appellant submits that the tort of malicious falsehood is
actionable under Indonesian law.

23 It bears mention that in response, the Respondent does not seek to reverse
the aspects of the Judge’s findings which are adverse to him. He only makes
submissions seeking to uphold the aspects of the Judge’s findings against
which the Appellant has appealed.

The issues in this appeal

24 In our view, the main issues in this appeal may be summarised as follows:

(a) What is the natural and ordinary meaning of the words complained of?

(b) Were the Publications and Republications made on occasions of qualified
privilege?

(c) Are the words complained of false and were they published maliciously?

(d) What are the reliefs available to the Appellant if his claims are made
out?

What is the natural and ordinary meaning of the words complained of?

The threshold for appellate intervention

25 The parties took diametrically opposed views as to what the threshold for
appellate intervention in respect of findings of a trial judge as to the
natural and ordinary meaning of defamatory words should be. Quite
unsurprisingly, the Appellant takes a more liberal view on the scope for
appellate intervention and suggests that an appellate court is in as good a
position as a trial judge in making such a determination. This is because, it
is argued, it is simply a matter of reading the words and determining in the
light of the well-established principles of interpretation the natural and
ordinary meaning an ordinary reasonable person would understand the words to
bear (citing _Evans on Defamation in Singapore and Malaysia_ (Keith R Evans
gen ed) (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2008) (“ _Evans on Defamation_ ”) at pp 21–22).
In contrast, the Respondent advocates a more restrictive approach. In _Skuse v
Granada Television Limited_ [1996] EMLR 278 (“ _Skuse_ ”) at 287, the English
Court of Appeal, while recognising that this was not an exercise based on the
assessment of the reliability of witnesses and that the material before the
appellate court is the same as that before the trial judge, held that an
appellate court nevertheless ought not to disturb the trial judge’s finding
unless it was “quite satisfied [that] he was wrong”.

26 In our view, the two contrasting positions put forth are much ado about
nothing. A plain reading of _Evans of Defamation_ understates the case,
whereas the decision in _Skuse_ does not in fact state the position as being
quite so extreme. While in Singapore our judges are the sole deciders of fact
and law, this does not mean that the distinction between the two no longer
holds true. It is therefore incorrect to assume that an appellate court would
be willing to interfere in this respect as readily as it would in respect of
questions of law. It remains that a trial judge’s finding on the natural and
ordinary meaning of the words complained of is a finding of fact. We
acknowledge the difficulties a trial judge faces in making such
determinations. Salmon LJ put it quite candidly in _Slim and Others v Daily
Telegraph Ltd and Others_ [1968] 2 QB 157 (“ _Slim v Daily Telegraph_ ”) at
187:

I am very conscious of the difficulty which a judge faces in trying to
ascertain the meaning which the ordinary layman would attribute to words which
he reads in his newspaper. Much of a judge’s time is spent in construing
statutes and legal documents—an apparently similar task to the one which now
confronts us, but a task which, in reality, requires a different technique.
There have been many differences of judicial opinion even on the question of
what words are capable of meaning to the ordinary layman, see, e.g., _Lewis v.
Daily Telegraph Ltd_. The principles are easy to formulate but difficult to
apply. They were never better formulated than they were in _Capital and
Counties Bank v. Henty_ nor perhaps ever worse applied. It was there held that
the words complained of were incapable of meaning to ordinary men that the
bank was in financial difficulties, yet they caused a run on the bank whose
customers, presumably, were ordinary men. If it is difficult to decide whether
words are capable of a defamatory meaning, it is still more difficult to
decide what they in fact are likely to mean to the ordinary layman.

27 Due deference should sensibly be accorded to a trial judge’s finding as to
the natural and ordinary meaning of the words complained of. Accordingly, it
is not sufficient for an appellant merely to show that one meaning is
_preferable_ to another. An appellate court will not intervene and disturb a
trial judge’s finding in this respect unless it is satisfied that the he was
wrong. On the other hand, the requirement plainly does not amount to the same
high threshold as in the case where a factual finding is made by a trial judge
on an assessment of oral evidence.

The first and second extended meanings of the Indonesian Publications

That the Appellant was seeking to mislead the public

28 The Appellant contends that in addition to the Judge’s finding that the
Indonesian Publications bear the natural and ordinary meaning that there was a
legal dispute between the parties relating to the PT Bayan shares, _ie_ , that
they had a private arrangement under which the Appellant was to account for
and deliver 50% of the shares and the Appellant had not performed, the Judge
ought also to have found that they carried the meaning that the Appellant was
seeking to mislead the public in relation to his shareholding in PT Bayan.
Reliance is placed by the Appellant on the context in which the Indonesian
Publications were made. The Appellant argues that given the context of an
imminent IPO, which is an initial public offering to the public in which the
Appellant was represented to be the controlling shareholder of PT Bayan, the
ordinary reasonable person would understand the Indonesian Publications to
mean that the Appellant was seeking to mislead the public.

29 This meaning which the Appellant advances is not plain from the language of
the Indonesian Publications themselves. The Appellant’s argument must be that
the meaning is derived by way of an inference, _ie_ , on the basis that “the
ordinary reasonable reader … can read between the lines and draw inferences”
(see _Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others v Koh Sin Chong Freddie and another
appeal_ [2012] 1 SLR 506 (“ _Chan Bernard_ ”) at [18(c)]). This meaning was
rejected by the Judge, albeit summarily, without detailed reasons.
Nevertheless, the Judge perhaps ought not to be faulted in this regard,
bearing in mind that the difficulties involved and realities of making such a
determination (see _Slim v Daily Telegraph_ , above at [26]) and given that
such a determination is ultimately an exercise drawing on the Judge’s
experience as to the workings of the mind of a layman. The Appellant’s
arguments may, in the light of the fact that the letters were sent to IPO
professionals, appear convincing. IPO professionals, in this context, may be
more ready to infer the meaning that the Appellant is asserting, and most
certainly more readily than the ordinary reasonable person. That however, is
not the applicable test. The test here is what the _ordinary reasonable
person_ would infer in the given context of an IPO.

30 At the hearing before us, counsel for the Appellant, Mr Davinder Singh SC
(“Mr Singh”) sought to persuade us specifically that the 3rd Letter (see above
at [8]) held the extended defamatory meaning by emphasising two particular
aspects of it. First, it was emphasised that in the 3rd Letter, it is stated
that the Appellant had not obtained the authorisation of the Respondent to
proceed with the IPO. Second, in the 3rd Letter, the Respondent demands that
the addressees not proceed with the IPO, and threatens that he would otherwise
take legal action against them. On the basis of these specific words, Mr Singh
submitted that the Appellant’s first extended meaning as pleaded is “no more
and no less” than what is stated in the 3rd Letter. We do not see how Mr
Singh’s reliance on these specific words in the 3rd Letter adds anything. Mr
Singh’s first point was that it could be inferred from the suggestion that the
Appellant had not obtained authorisation from the Respondent that the
Appellant had misled the public as to the true shareholding of the company
because PT Bayan could only have reached that stage of the IPO thus far if the
Appellant had the requisite shareholding to authorise it. We do not think that
it is right to say that this is something an ordinary reasonable reader should
be taken as capable of inferring. In so far as Mr Singh’s reliance on the
threat of legal proceedings against the addressees of the 3rd Letter should
they fail to accede to the demand to halt the IPO process reinforces the first
point, the same can be said of it.

31 It is apparent to us that much of the Appellant’s argument on this issue
rode, albeit subtly so, on the fact that the Indonesian Publications were sent
to and read by persons familiar with the IPO context. If, however, this was
his case, the claim would have been more plausible had he pleaded an innuendo
instead of relying on the natural and ordinary meaning of the words. In
pleading an innuendo, the Appellant would prove certain extrinsic facts and
that these extrinsic facts were known to the readers. In the present context,
these extrinsic facts may include the legal and regulatory context of an IPO,
the documents already published in the IPO process up till the point in time
that the Indonesian Publications were made, and also the specialised knowledge
of IPO professionals. In our view, the extended meaning that the Appellant
seeks to attribute to the Indonesian Publications requires the reader to have,
amongst other things, the knowledge of these extrinsic facts. This, however,
was not the Appellant’s pleaded case.

32 In _Chan Bernard_ (at [26]), this Court held that the context of the
statements in question included previous annual general meetings of the
Singapore Swimming Club and the issues discussed therein, as well as previous
publications, and thus the ordinary reasonable reader was held to be a
“reasonably interested Club member” [original emphasis omitted] with such
knowledge. Accordingly, it was held that the statement in question held the
defamatory meaning that the plaintiff had deliberately misled club members.
This raises the issue in the present case as to where the line between the
context of a publication and extrinsic facts supporting an innuendo lies. Sir
Brian Neill _et al_ , _Duncan and Neill on Defamation_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed,
2009) (“ _Duncan and Neill_ ”) at para 5.20 notes that there are _dicta_
suggesting that regard must be had to the particular class or group of people
to whom the words were published. In our view, however, this goes towards the
level of care and attention the reader would pay in reading and interpreting
the words complained of. The knowledge of such class of persons is quite a
separate consideration altogether. In _Gordon Berkeley Jones v Clement John
Skelton_ [1963] 1 WLR 1362 at 1370–1371, the Judicial Committee of the Privy
Council explained what is meant by the natural and ordinary meaning:

The ordinary and natural meaning of words may be either the literal meaning or
it may be an implied or inferred or an indirect meaning: any meaning that does
not require the support of extrinsic facts passing beyond general knowledge
but is a meaning which is capable of being detected in the language used can
be a part of the ordinary and natural meaning of words. … The ordinary and
natural meaning **_may therefore include any implication or inference which a
reasonable reader guided not by any special but only by general knowledge_**
and not fettered by any strict legal rules of construction would draw from the
words. [emphasis added in bold italics and underline]

The test is whether what is being relied on can fairly be treated as part of
the ordinary reasonable person’s “general knowledge”. We are of the view that
the first extended meaning that the Appellant argues that the Letters bear is
not a meaning which can be reached without, _inter alia_ , an appreciation of
the legal and regulatory context of an IPO, and this is not something which
can be taken as within the “general knowledge” of the ordinary reasonable
person even in the IPO context. For these reasons, we reject the Appellant’s
arguments for the first extended meaning, that is, that the Appellant was
seeking to mislead the public.

That the Appellant had committed a crime

33 As we have noted, the Judge did not, in the Judgment, deal with the
Appellant’s second extended meaning, that is, that the Appellant had acted
dishonourably and committed a crime. To begin, it was not clear to us what the
Appellant meant when he pleaded that the words held the meaning that he had
committed a crime. It was unclear from the pleadings whether such crime
referred to the alleged failure of the Appellant to honour the alleged
promise, or whether it was the act of misleading of the public. When queried,
Mr Singh clarified that it was the latter.

34 This meaning is likewise not express from the plain words of the Letters.
For the same reasons we reject the first extended meaning that the Appellant
was seeking to mislead the public, we would also reject this second extended
meaning. We do not think that the ordinary reader would infer such a meaning.
This meaning requires several logical steps. First, since the crime alleged is
premised on the act of misleading the public, this meaning cannot be sustained
because, as we have already explained above, we do not accept that the Letters
carry the meaning of the Appellant having misled or seeking to mislead the
public. Second, there needs to be an understanding of the fact that to so
mislead the public is a crime. It is not apparent that an ordinary reasonable
reader with only the appropriate general knowledge would come to this meaning.
We were specifically referred by Mr Singh to that fact that in all three
Letters, it is stated that the Respondent would seek to bring “criminal suit”
against the Appellant if his demands were not acceded to. In our view, the
mere mention of the words “criminal suit” does not necessarily impute the
meaning that a crime had been committed. The use of those words must be
examined in the context of the entirety of each letter. The 1st Letter and the
2nd Letter were written as legal demands addressed to PT Bayan and the
Appellant. In this context, we do not think that the fact that the words
“criminal suit” are used at in the penultimate paragraph of the two letters
plainly impute the meaning that a crime had been committed. The “criminal
suit” is described as a possible consequence of the Appellant not acceding to
the Respondent’s request to deliver up 50% of the shares in PT Bayan. The mere
statement that criminal suit will be brought against the Appellant does not
mean that a crime _had been_ committed. As regard the repetition of the same
in the 3rd Letter, it also does not impute the meaning that the Appellant
argues that it does.

35 Finally, the Appellant relies on a passage in the cross-examination of the
Respondent at the trial below. When cross-examined by Mr Singh, the Respondent
admitted that when he said he was going to start “criminal suit”, he
understood it to mean that a crime had been committed:[note: 46]

Q:Then what do you mean when you say that you’re going to start criminal
litigation in this letter and the earlier letters when you said you will bring
criminal suit?

…

Court:What do you understand by “criminal proceedings”?

…

A:Criminal proceedings, that means you report to the police authority.

Court: _That means a crime has been committed_?

A: _Yeah, something like that, yes_.

[emphasis added]

36 It is trite law in Singapore that the meaning intended by the publisher is
irrelevant for the purposes of determining what meaning the words complained
of bear. This is because the test is an objective one (see _Chan Bernard_ at
[18(b)]). This principle, founded on venerable authority (see _E Hulton & Co v
Jones_ [1910] AC 20 at 23, _Cassidy v Daily Mirror Newspapers, Limited_ [1929]
2 KB 331 at 354), makes eminent sense. Just as a defendant is not allowed to
defend himself by showing that he did not intend to defame, a plaintiff does
not succeed in his claim for defamation merely because the defendant
acknowledges an intention to defame. All depends on the words actually used.
Diplock LJ in _Slim v Daily Telegraph_ (at 172) explained:

… What is the “natural and ordinary meaning” of words for the purposes of the
law of libel? _One can start by saying that the meaning intended to be
conveyed by the publisher of the words is irrelevant._ However evil the
imputation upon the plaintiff’s character or conduct he intended to
communicate, it does not matter if, in the opinion of the adjudicator upon the
meaning of the words, they did not bear any defamatory meaning. However
innocent an impression of the plaintiff's character or conduct the publisher
of the words intended to communicate, it does not matter if, in the opinion of
the adjudicator upon the meaning of words, they did bear a defamatory meaning.
… [emphasis added]

37 We therefore reject the contention that the Letters carried the meaning
that the Appellant had committed a crime.

The natural and ordinary meaning of the republications

38 At this juncture, we note that the reason the Respondent is responsible for
the Indonesian and the Singapore Republications (if proven) even though they
may not have been made by him personally is because they were the natural and
probable consequence of the Indonesian Publications (see _Goh Chok Tong v
Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 46 at [127]) (see also the
Judgment at [39] and [44]). This has not been challenged on appeal.

The republication of the 3rd Letter to Merrill Lynch Singapore in Singapore

39 We first deal with the finding of the Judge that the Appellant had not
proven that there was a republication of the 3rd Letter from Merrill Lynch
Indonesia to Merrill Lynch Singapore in Singapore (see the Judgment at [42]).
The Judge said that there was no evidence of such republication. The Appellant
pointed us to an email sent from Merrill Lynch Indonesia to Merrill Lynch
Singapore[note: 47] to substantiate its assertion. The Respondent, on the
other hand, does not dispute that the email was sent, but instead argues that
such an email should not be taken as a republication in Singapore because this
was, he says, a mere “forwarding” of documents from one employee to another
within a global organisation, with no distinction between the various Merrill
Lynch offices located in different countries.[note: 48]

40 We are unable to accept the Judge’s holding that there was no evidence of
such republication. The email cited is clearly such a republication. We
therefore reject the Respondent’s argument. In the law of defamation, each
communication of a defamatory matter to a publishee is taken as a separate
publication, such that if a letter is read by a series of persons in turn, in
truth, a series of publications take place (see _The Duke of Brunswick and
Luneberg v Harmer_ (1849) 14 QB 185 and _Berezovsky v Michaels and Another_
[2000] 1 WLR 1004 at 1012). _Duncan and Neill_ (at para 8.07) observe that in
practice, a plaintiff sues in respect of all the communications as though they
constitute a single publication and the number of individual communications is
taken as relevant to the issue of damages. The Respondent’s argument that
internal communication within a global entity cannot be considered a
republication is inconsistent with this analysis. We cannot agree with the
Respondent. Even within an organisation, each communication is in truth a
publication in itself.

41 We therefore find that there was in fact a republication of the 3rd Letter
to Merrill Lynch Singapore in Singapore. As this republication contained the
full text of the 3rd Letter without more, its meaning must be that of the 3rd
Letter itself.

The natural and ordinary meaning of the Indonesian and the Singapore
Republications: the third defamatory meaning in Chase?

42 The Judge held that the Indonesian republication of the 3rd Letter by
Merrill Lynch Singapore to PT Bayan and the Singapore republication of the 1st
Letter by the Appellant to Merrill Lynch Singapore which comprised of the text
of the 3rd Letter and 1st Letter respectively without more, hold the meanings
of the 3rd and 1st Letters accordingly (see the Judgment at [38] and [44]
respectively). We would say the same of the Singapore republication of the 3rd
Letter from Merrill Lynch Indonesia to Merrill Lynch Singapore (see above at
[41]). As for the other Indonesian and Singapore Republications (which we will
refer to as “the republications in question”), the Judge held that they hold
the third defamatory meaning in _Chase_ , _viz_ , that there are grounds for
investigating whether the Appellant had an agreement or understanding with the
Respondent which had not been performed (see the Judgment at [38] and [44]
respectively). In _Chase_ , the English Court of Appeal held, _per_ Brooke LJ
(at [45]):

The sting of a libel may be capable of meaning that a claimant _has in fact
committed_ some serious act, such as murder. Alternatively it may be suggested
that the words mean that there are _reasonable grounds to suspect_ that he/she
has committed such an act. A third possibility is that they may mean that
_there are grounds for investigating_ whether he/she has been responsible for
such an act. [emphasis added]

43 The Appellant argues for a higher level of defamatory meaning in respect of
the republications in question than the third defamatory meaning in _Chase_.
It is argued that these republications carried the first defamatory meaning in
_Chase_ , that is, that the Appellant had in fact committed what is stated.
The Judge’s determination was made after an application of the principle that
a publication must be looked at as a whole (see _Chan Bernard_ at [18(e)]) and
that in considering the impression conveyed by the alleged libel, any
“antidote” must be taken together with “the bane” (see _Lim Eng Hock Peter_ at
[92]). The republications in question contain denials of the allegations made
by the Respondent. It was for this reason that the Judge held that they only
bore the third defamatory meaning in _Chase_. To this, the Appellant contends
that the “antidote” in this case was not sufficient to offset the “bane”.
According to the Appellant, this is because, in the ordinary course of things,
the ordinary reasonable reader would expect PT Bayan and the Appellant to deny
the allegations, and so the “sting” would not be attenuated by the
denials.[note: 49]

44 We do not disagree with the Appellant that “the mere presence of a denial
of a defamatory charge does not necessarily prevent the article being
defamatory” (see _Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (Patrick Milmo and WVH Rogers
eds) (Thomson Reuters (Legal) Limited, 11th Ed, 2008) (“ _Gatley_ ”) at para
3.31). This approach, however, is not as straightforward as the Appellant
seems to say it is. Samuels JA, sitting in the Court of Appeal of New South
Wales in _Morosi v Broadcasting Station 2GB Pty Ltd_ [1980] 2 NSWLR 418(n) at
419–420 lucidly explained how the antidote must be weighed up against the bane
in such an exercise:

… But in a case such as this the material already contains a defamatory
imputation; and the inquiry is to whether that effect is overcome by
contextual matter of an emollient kind so as to eradicate the hurt and render
the whole publication harmless.

… It follows that, in a case such as the present, what is involved is
essentially the weighing up and comparison of bane and antidote, to repeat
Baron Alderson’s evocative formula [in _Chambers v Payne_ (1835) 2 Cr M & R
156 at 159]. **_It is a question of degree and competing emphasis._** … **_It
may be easier to arrive at an answer where the publication contains an express
disclaimer, as in_****Stubbs Ltd v Russell …**** _, or where the antidote
consists in a statement of fact destructive of the ingredients from which the
bane has been brewed_**.

[emphasis added]

45 Merely pointing out that the denials in the republications in question were
made by PT Bayan and the Appellant is not sufficient to lead to the conclusion
that these denials, as “antidotes”, are completely ineffective in removing or
ameliorating the defamatory sting of a statement. The court still has to
embark on the exercise of carefully weighing what exactly was said. The fact
that what is claimed as an antidote was said by the Appellant himself or by PT
Bayan is _a_ factor going towards is effectiveness, but in the final analysis,
it is an evaluation of the actual words of the antidote which is of primary
importance.

46 First, we examine the republication of the 1st and 2nd Letters by PT Bayan
to BAPEPAM in Indonesia. Attached to these letters was a cover letter by PT
Bayan. The relevant part of the letter reads:[note: 50]

5.It is known that BAYAN was established in 2004 and hereby BAYAN clearly
states of absence of legal relationship, in written and verbal manner, with
SUKAMTO SIA.

6.BAYAN hereby also clearly states that none of the companies under BAYAN
group has any connection, in written and legal manner, with SUKAMTO SIA.

7.The information / data provided by BAYAN based upon the Registration
Statement for Initial Public Offering of BAYAN as stated in Letter No.: […],
dated […] is accurate and complete. Hence, BAYAN shall be fully and legally
accountable for accuracy of the respective information / data as stated in the
prevailing laws and regulation including but not limited to capital market
regulations.

In this cover letter, PT Bayan denies the allegations made by the Respondent.
On a close reading, it is apparent that in so denying, PT Bayan asserts that
it has no connection with the Respondent and that it shall be legally
accountable for the accuracy of the information it has provided.

47 Second, we examine the 1st Letter sent by the Appellant to BAPEPAM.
Likewise, a cover letter was attached. It stated the following:[note: 51]

That I, Dato’ Low Tuck Kwong hereby deny the accuracy of the claim stated in
the WARNING LETTER [1st Letter] and I would take legal responsibility for my
statement in accordance with the prevailing laws and regulations including but
not limited to capital market regulations.

Not only does the Appellant deny the allegations in the 1st Letter, he further
states that he would take legal responsibility for the statements he had made
for the IPO thus far.

48 Third, we examine the republications in the two Indonesian newspapers[note:
52] and the Indonesian Final Prospectus.[note: 53] In these republications,
there is a paragraph denying the allegations and also stating that PT Bayan
did not have any relations with the Respondent. The Indonesian Final
Prospectus also further explains the Appellant’s history with the Respondent
in respect of their dealings in a Hong Kong company, the result of which was a
judgment given against the Respondent causing a worldwide freezing injunction
to be ordered against him. Last, the same is so in respect of the Singapore
Republications, _viz_ , the statements made in Bayan’s Pricing Supplement and
International Final Offering Memorandum.[note: 54] In addition, it is stated
that PT Bayan and the Appellant intend to “vigorously defend [the
Respondent’s] claims against him”.

49 What is apparent from the above is that the denials in the republications
examined (at [46]–[48]) were more than “mere denials”. The text accompanying
these republications all purport to provide at least some factual basis or
reason for denying the allegations. At the lowest, it is stated that PT Bayan
has no relation to the Respondent. In others, they go so far as to provide a
historical account of the relationship between the Respondent and the
Appellant. The Indonesian Final Prospectus is a case in point, and what is
said there could even be read as suggesting that the Respondent was actuated
by some ulterior motive in making his allegations, thereby removing some of
the sting of the defamatory words. The fact that PT Bayan and the Appellant
have stated that they are prepared to bear responsibility for statements that
they have made also go some way towards supporting the denials. To the extent
that the denials in these republications were not mere bare denials, it can be
concluded that (to use the language of Alderson B and Samuels JA (see above at
[44])) the “antidote” is not completely ineffective in destroying the
“ingredients from which the bane has been brewed”.

50 We are also mindful that the Judge did not hold that the “antidote” in this
case was to completely remove the defamatory sting. All the Judge held was
that the republications in question carried a lower defamatory meaning, that
is, the third and not the first defamatory meaning in _Chase_. In our
judgment, the Appellant has not persuaded us that this finding of the Judge
was wrong.

51 In this regard, the Appellant’s appeal against the finding of the Judge
that the relevant Indonesian and Singapore Republications carried only the
third defamatory meaning in _Chase_ is dismissed.

Were the Publications and Republications made on occasions of qualified
privilege?

Is the subjective frame of mind of the Respondent relevant to whether
qualified privilege attaches?

52 The essence of the first part of the Appellant’s arguments in this respect
is that the Respondent’s state of mind is relevant to the question of whether
the defence of qualified privilege attaches. The Appellant claims that the
Respondent knew that the statements made in the Publications were false and so
the defence of qualified privilege does not attach. It is clear in our view
that the subjective state of mind of the Respondent would be a factor towards
showing malice. The ordinary framework of analysis in this area of the law is
to ask first, whether the publications were made on an occasion of qualified
privilege, and, second, whether such defence is defeated by the plaintiff
being able to show that the defamatory statements were made with express
malice. The effect of proving express malice in the context of the defence of
qualified privilege was described by Bankes J in _Smith v Streatfeild and
Others_ [1913] 3 KB 764 at 769–770 as such:

… The principle upon which the law of qualified privilege rests is, I think,
this: that where words are published which are both false and defamatory the
law presumes malice on the part of the person who publishes them. _The
publication may, however, take place under circumstances which create a
qualified privilege. If so, the presumption of malice is rebutted by the
privilege, and_ … _the plaintiff has to prove express malice on the part of
the person responsible for the publication. The effect of proving express
malice is sometimes spoken of as defeating the privilege._ … [A]lthough the
occasion remains a privileged occasion, the privilege afforded by the occasion
ceases to be an effective weapon of defence. … Qualified privilege is a
defence only to the extent that it throws on the plaintiff the burden of
proving express malice. Directly the plaintiff succeeds in doing this the
defence vanishes, and it becomes immaterial that the publication was on a
privileged occasion. … [emphasis added]

In the modern law of libel and slander, the concept of presumed malice no
longer holds much sway, and today, it is simpler to just say that a defendant
is liable for the publication of a defamatory statement without cause or
excuse (see _Gatley_ at para 17.2). Nevertheless, it remains that the issue of
malice is one posterior to the issue of qualified privilege attaching. The
Appellant’s suggestion that the Respondent’s subjective frame of mind when
publishing the 3rd Letter is relevant to whether qualified privilege attaches
seems to us to be conflating the two-step analysis.

53 In support of his suggestion, the Appellant relies on Simon Brown LJ’s
comment in _Fraser-Armstrong v Hadow_ [1995] EMLR 140 (“ _Fraser-Armstrong_ ”)
at 143. _Fraser-Armstrong_ was a case involving the question of whether a
statement made in a reply to a public attack was covered by the defence of
qualified privilege. There, the claimant had made various allegations against
his employer company. After he was dismissed, the first and second defendants
wrote a letter to a magazine explaining that the claimant was dismissed
because he was incompetent, had waged a personal vendetta against the company
and had harassed and threatened the staff. The claimant sued the two
defendants and the magazine for libel. It was argued that they could not rely
on the defence of qualified privilege because their motives for publishing the
comments were improper as they knew that his criticism of them was
justifiable. Simon Brown LJ said:

… I cannot accept that anyone enjoys a privilege to protect himself against a
justifiable attack upon his own character or conduct. If, therefore, the
plaintiff can show that he was defamed by the defendants for the purpose of
undermining what they knew to be his perfectly valid criticism of the first
and second defendants’ business, that would seem to me to destroy any question
of privilege. _It would either demonstrate that no such privilege properly
arises in the first place or it would defeat the defence by a successful reply
of malice, it matters not which_. [emphasis added]

Simon Brown LJ’s first rationalisation of his holding was that the privilege
does not even arise because of the defendants’ state of mind. It is this
suggested analysis that the Appellant seeks to persuade us to apply. This
suggestion, however, was roundly rejected by this Court in _Jeyasegaram David
(alias David Gerald Jeyasegaram) v Ban Song Long David_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 712 at
[45], which preferred the orthodox analysis that the defence of privilege is
defeated by the proving of express malice. This Court was of the view (at
[44]) that Simon Brown LJ’s first rationalisation would create a possible
chilling effect on self-defence generally, and would encourage future
litigants to concentrate solely on the justifiability of the attack instead of
considering other equally important aspects of the defence. The first
rationalisation of Simon Brown LJ is also doubted by _Duncan and Neill_ at
para 16.22, footnote 5, in which it is pointed out that the test of qualified
privilege is, in the first instance, an objective test.

54 It is unclear to us why the Appellant is relying on such an argument. The
main point that the Appellant is making is that the Respondent knew that the
statements he made were false. This is relevant to the issue of malice, so, in
our view, there is no need for him to seek to conflate the two and to cloud
the analysis. The second part of the Appellant’s argument is that the
Respondent had a countervailing duty to refrain from making the publications
and therefore qualified privilege does not attach. This countervailing duty
the Appellant seeks to rely on is, he says, a duty under Indonesian and
Singapore law not to make false or misleading statements to the capital
markets regulators negligently or knowingly. Reference was made to the
relevant Singapore legislation and expert evidence was brought to prove such a
duty under Indonesian law. Under this analysis, the Appellant again asserts
that the Respondent knew that the allegations made in the Letters were false.
It may be that the first part of the Appellant’s argument merely segues to
this second part of his argument. If that is the case, it is unnecessary
because that principle (if valid in Singapore law), is a standalone principle
quite separate from the _Fraser-Armstrong_ proposition. We now turn to
consider that principle.

Regard to a countervailing duty on the Respondent to refrain from publication

55 If a defendant has a countervailing duty to refrain from publication, does
that take him out of the protection of the defence of qualified privilege? The
Appellant argues that the Respondent has a duty under both Indonesian and
Singapore capital markets law not to make false or misleading statements to
the regulators knowingly or negligently. This would of course be dependent on
the Appellant showing that the Respondent’s 3rd Letter is false and
misleading. He relies on two English Court of Appeal cases for the proposition
that a countervailing duty not to publish would take a defendant outside the
protection of the defence of qualified privilege.[note: 55] These are the
cases of _Wood v Chief Constable of the West Midlands Police_ [2005] EMLR 20
(“ _Wood_ ”) and _Clift v Slough Borough Council and another_ [2011] 1 WLR
1774 (“ _Clift_ ”). The Respondent’s attempt to distinguish these two cases as
involving the application of, _inter alia_ , the European Convention on Human
Rights (“the ECHR”) which does not apply in Singapore, while broadly correct,
does not, with respect, fully address the legal issue at hand.

56 In _Wood_ , a police officer wrote letters to people involved in the motor
insurance business which were defamatory to the claimant (who was in the
business of salvaging motor vehicles) as the letters carried the meaning that
the claimant had aided and abetted in the commission of numerous criminal
offences including stealing motor vehicles. This was done before the trial for
the alleged offences had even been heard. In this regard, the English Court of
Appeal, _per_ May LJ (at [63]–[65]), considered that the duty of the police in
England not to disclose damaging information other than for the purpose and
extent necessary for the performance of their public duties, _ie_ , the
principle established in _Regina v Chief Constable of the North Wales Police
and Others, Ex parte Thorpe and Another_ [1999] 1 QB 396 (known as “the
_Thorpe_ principle”), and that to make such statements was in breach of the
applicable police regulations. It was accordingly concluded that the defence
of qualified privilege could not attach. In _Clift_ , a local authority, after
a less than pleasant telephone conversation with the claimant, entered her
onto a “violent persons register” and forwarded it to employees and a number
of (both public and private) partner organisations (at [7]). The English Court
of Appeal, _per_ Ward LJ, considered that in so doing, the local authority,
being a public authority, was in breach of s 6 of the Human Rights Act 1998 (c
42) (UK) (“the HRA”) read with Art 8 of the ECHR and so was actually precluded
from making the publications it did. For that reason, it was held that there
could be no foundation for a claim to qualified privilege.

57 In both _Wood_ and _Clift_ , the countervailing duties not to publish were
owed by public bodies. The question thus is whether the principle is one
confined in its application to public authorities (and even at that, it is one
established under English law but has not fallen to be decided in Singapore
yet), or whether it extends to private individuals in respect of private
duties as well. A close reading of the two cases suggests that it does not
extend to private individuals. May LJ in _Wood_ (at [58]) took pains to
emphasise that the duty in question on the police, _ie_ , the _Thorpe_
principle, was one resting “on a _fundamental rule_ of good public
administration _which the law must recognise_ ” [emphasis added]. In _Clift_
(at [31]–[32]), Ward LJ was of the view that the issue raised in _Wood_ and
_Clift_ was special in that the defendants were “public authorities with
public duties to perform” and accordingly distinguished the case of _Kearns v
General Council of the Bar_ [2003] 1 WLR 1357 where that was not the case. It
is apparent that in applying the principle, the courts in both cases were
motivated by a policy-driven need to support and uphold standards of good
public administration. Because the matter is not before us, we express no view
as to whether the principle has application in Singapore. Be that as it may,
it is also possible to read the case of _Clift_ even more narrowly. Ward LJ
(at [46]) further founded his decision on the basis of s 6 of the HRA which he
said obliged the _court itself_ to act in accordance with an ECHR right.
Therefore, the court had to give effect to Art 8 of the ECHR as it arose
squarely in that case.

58 In our judgment, the Respondent’s duty under Indonesian and Singapore
capital markets law not to publish the statements (if it applies at all)
cannot be a duty which would prevent him from relying on the defence of
qualified privilege. First, there is no policy reason why this particular
private duty, as opposed to a duty owed by public authorities underpinned by
the policy of good public administration and the ECHR, should trump the social
policy behind the defence of qualified privilege. As observed by Parke B in
_Toogood v Spyring_ (1834) 1 CM & R 181 at 193, the law recognises that
certain statements “are protected for the common convenience and welfare of
society”. That the defence of qualified privilege is itself underpinned by
social policy is also expressed by Lord Diplock in _Horrocks v Lowe_ [1975] AC
135 (“ _Horrocks_ ”) at 149C–E:

The public interest that the law should provide an effective means whereby a
man can vindicate his reputation against calumny has nevertheless to be
accommodated to the competing public interest in permitting men to communicate
frankly and freely with one another about matters with respect of which the
law recognises that they have a duty to perform or an interest to protect in
doing so. … For in all cases of qualified privilege there is some special
reason of public policy why the law accords immunity from suit—the existence
of some public or private duty, whether legal or moral, on the part of the
maker of the defamatory statement which justifies his communicating it or of
some interest of his own which he is entitled to protect by doing so.

This conclusion is especially so given the standard under the capital markets
laws the Appellant is relying on is, in his own submission, one of negligence
at its lowest. To therefore apply it in this context would be inconsistent
with the principle that carelessness in arriving at a belief in the words
complained of is not malice capable of defeating privilege (see _Horrocks_ at
150B–E; this proposition being derived from the social utility and policy of
the defence itself). Second, it remains open to the capital markets regulators
to take action against the Respondent if the statements were in fact in breach
of such capital markets laws. Whereas in _Clift_ the HRA imposed on the
English court the obligation to give effect to Art 8 of the ECHR, there is
nothing which obliges us to take up and exercise the prosecutorial powers of
the regulators to give effect to such duty under such laws. Finally, the
duties of the public authorities in both _Wood_ and _Clift_ were owed to the
claimants. In the present case, the duty which the Appellant seeks to invoke
is not one owed to him either directly or indirectly. If the Appellant cannot
in the ordinary course outside of this defamation suit invoke such right
against the Respondent, we do not think that there is justification in
allowing him to take advantage of it here in what is a private proceeding
between private individuals.

59 As we have alluded above, the Appellant’s reliance on the Respondent’s
knowledge of the falsity of the statements in the Letters is a matter relevant
to the issue of malice. There is nothing stopping the Appellant from relying
on it as such. We will consider this matter further, below. At this juncture,
it suffices us to say that we do not think the Appellant’s appeal against the
Judge’s finding that the defence of qualified privilege attaches, at least for
the purposes of the first instance of the analysis, should be allowed.

Are the copies of the 3rd Letter sent to parties other than BAPEPAM protected
by qualified privilege?

60 The next part of the Appellant’s argument is that in so far as the 3rd
Letter was sent to IDX, PT Trimegah, the Jakarta office of Macquarie and the
Jakarta office of Merrill Lynch Indonesia, these are not covered by the
defence of qualified privilege because these entities do not or did not have
any regulatory powers which could be invoked, so that they did not have a duty
or an interest in receiving it.[note: 56] This was because the 3rd Letter was
sent for the stated purpose of procuring a suspension or prohibition of the
IPO. In our judgment, the Appellant has adopted too formalistic a view of the
duty-interest test in _Adam v Ward_ ([19(f)] _supra_) at 334, _per_ Lord
Atkinson:

[A] privileged occasion is … an occasion where the person who makes a
communication has an interest, or a duty, _legal, social, or moral_ , to make
it to the person to whom it is made, and the person to whom it is so made has
a corresponding interest or duty to receive it. [emphasis added]

Whether the recipients had a duty or interest to receive the communication is
not measured strictly by the legal powers they may exercise upon receipt. The
Judge explained (at [67] of the Judgment) how each recipient of the 3rd Letter
had an interest (not necessarily legal) in receiving it.

61 If the Appellant’s contention is that in respect of these recipients other
than BAPEPAM the letter ought not to have included a demand that the IPO
process be suspended or stopped, we also do not accept such a contention. The
authorities are settled in as much as the inclusion of irrelevant or
unnecessary material in a communication would not take it out of the scope of
qualified privilege; any excessive statement would simply be treated as
evidence going towards showing malice and should be analysed as such (see
_Nevill v Fine Arts and General Insurance Company, Limited_ [1895] 2 QB 156 at
170, _per_ Lord Esher and _Horrocks_ at 151).

62 Finally, the Appellant remarks in passing an objection on the ground that
the Indonesian office of Macquarie was not involved in the IPO. We do not
think that this objection is persuasive. The law accepts that sometimes, in
making a communication covered by qualified privilege, it may reach an
audience without the necessary duty or interest in relation to the subject
matter. In such a case, the question is whether such communication was
reasonably warranted by the exigency of the occasion (see _Duncan and Neill_
at para 16.19). The result is that an ancillary or incidental privilege
attaches. The Judge made a finding of fact (at [67] of the Judgment) that in
PT Bayan’s Preliminary Offering Memorandum, “Macquarie” was described by only
its logo and nothing more. In the circumstances, it was not unreasonable for
the Respondent to have sent the 3rd Letter to the Indonesian office of
Macquarie. The Appellant has not challenged this finding of the Judge in this
appeal.

Summary

63 In summary, we do not find that there is occasion for us to disturb the
Judge’s finding that the Indonesian Publications were made on occasions of
qualified privilege. This being so, the _prima facie_ position is that the
Respondent can rely on the defence in relation to the republications as well.
The issue of malice defeating the defence will be dealt with further, below.

Are the words complained of false and were they published maliciously?

64 What is in issue here is the existence of the “Common Understanding” (see
above at [15]) as alleged by the Respondent in the Letters. The Appellant
seeks to show that there was no Common Understanding and so the words
complained of were false. The falsity of the words complained of and whether
they were published maliciously go to several different issues. First, falsity
may be a factor towards proving express malice, which would defeat the defence
of qualified privilege under the defamation claim. Second, falsity of the
words and malicious publishing thereof, if made out, are elements under the
tort of malicious falsehood under which the Appellant also claims.

Are the words complained of false?

65 The Judge held that on the evidence before him, he was unable to find one
way or the other whether the case of the Common Understanding was either true
or false (see the Judgment at [53]). As the Judge noted, the only piece of
documentary evidence available was a cheque for S$3m issued by the Appellant
to the Respondent dated 25 April 1996 (“the Cheque”). To begin, it is
necessary to set out in some detail the Respondent’s case. He says that
sometime in 1995, the Appellant approached him for S$3m to facilitate the
establishment of a coal mining business in Indonesia, with the representation
that if the business was established, he would be given a 50% share of the
shareholding, or, if it was not, the Appellant would return the money to him.
He says that the Appellant issued the Cheque to him as “assurance” that he
would get his money back. He says that the Cheque was actually issued in 1995
but post-dated to 1996. He was subsequently informed by the Appellant in early
1996 that the coal mining business did not take off and that he would return
the money. It was only on 29 June 2008 when he overheard the Appellant’s name
being mentioned by a friend, one Mr Christopher Clower (“Clower”), in relation
to a prospective IPO that he made enquiries and learned that the Appellant has
successfully set up PT Bayan. It was this which, he says, precipitated the
sending of the Letters.

66 In contrast, the Appellant denies that he had received S$3m from the
Respondent. The Appellant said that the Cheque was given to the Respondent to
allow him to raise money to satisfy certain debts he owed various parties,
including the Appellant. The Appellant accepts that the Respondent’s failure
to make out the justification defence (_ie_ , the truth of the words
complained of) does not _ipso facto_ mean that he has made out falsity.

67 After a review of the record, we are of the view that the Appellant has
satisfied his burden of proving on a balance of probabilities that the words
complained of in the Letters as to the existence of the Common Understanding
are false. We do not agree with the Judge’s conclusion that on the evidence
before him, the Common Understanding was neither true nor false (see above at
[65]). Counsel for the Respondent, Mr Giam Chin Toon SC (“Mr Giam”) sought to
uphold the Judge’s conclusion by arguing that under our law of evidence, a
fact may either be proved, disproved, or not proved (see ss 3(3)–3(5) of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), respectively; _Loo Chay Sit v Estate of
Loo Chay Loo, deceased_ [2010] 1 SLR 286 at [20] and _Cooperatieve Centrale
Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as Rabobank International), Singapore
Branch v Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR 63 at [35]). In an action
for defamation, the burden of proof lies on the defendant to prove the truth
of the matter to make out the defence of justification. In this regard, the
Judge found that the Respondent had not proven the existence of the Common
Understanding (see the Judgment at [46]–[53]) for the purposes of his plea of
justification. This, therefore, means that the falsity of the defamatory words
is _presumed_ , but this does not equate to _proof_ of falsity. The burden
still lies on the Appellant, for the purposes of his claim in malicious
falsehood, to prove falsity. It is on this analysis that, as a matter of
_theory_ , the Judge’s conclusion is possible, _viz_ , that the truth and the
falsity of the matter both lie in the realm of being “not proved”. We agree,
however, with the recent observation of Tugendhat J in _Cruddas v Calvert &
Ors_ [2013] EWHC 2298 (QB), that from experience, the balance is seldom so
finely tuned in these matters of burden of proof in this context. Tugendhat J
noted in that case which involved claims in both defamation and malicious
falsehood (at [200]–[201]):

200\. I have already held that all three meanings were untrue in the meanings
which the Court of Appeal held they bore for the purposes of the claim in
libel. I recall that in libel the burden of proving truth lies on the
defendant, whereas in malicious falsehood the burden of proving falsity lies
on the claimant. So _it would be theoretically possible for the Defendants to
have failed in proving truth for the purposes of the libel claim, and for Mr
Cruddas [the claimant] to fail in proving falsehood for the claim in malicious
falsehood_.

201\. However, _it is the experience of judges in practice that the burden of
proof is very rarely decisive of the outcome of an action_. In the present
case it is not because of the burden of proof that I have decided that the
defence of truth failed for the purposes of the libel action. I would have
reached the same conclusion if the burden of proof had lain on Mr Cruddas. Mr
Cruddas has more than satisfied me that the three meanings were all false.

[emphasis added]

Put shortly, we disagree with the Judge’s conclusion that the present case is
such an exceptional case.

68 We now set out the reasons for our conclusion that the Appellant _has
proven_ on a balance of probabilities that the words complained of are false.

Inconsistencies in the Respondent’s assertions

69 First, the Respondent’s evidence on various occasions and on oath in court
proceedings in Singapore and in Hong Kong were inconsistent with his
assertions in the Letters of an investment based on the Common Understanding.
These instances of evidence on oath both preceded and followed the Letters in
time.

70 Sometime in early 1996, the Appellant and other shareholders in a listed
company in Hong Kong known as China Development Corporation Limited (“CDC”)
sold their shares to Dynasty Line Limited (“Dynasty”), a company owned by the
Respondent. The Respondent failed to meet certain payments for the shares and
the Appellant started to press him for payments. Two handwritten letters from
the Appellant to the Respondent dated 23 January 1997 and 6 November 1997
pressing for payments were produced by the Appellant.[note: 57]

71 Action No 9505 of 1999 was subsequently filed in the High Court of Hong
Kong by the Appellant and the other shareholders against Dynasty for the
monies owing to them. On 13 June 2000, the Respondent filed a witness
statement. In this witness statement, he says that “in late 1995, [he]
advanced S$3,000,000 to [the Appellant] which was secured by a post dated
cheque issued by [the Appellant] in [his] favour”.[note: 58] He annexed the
said post dated cheque. The Respondent sought to offset this S$3m against the
claim against Dynasty. Next, Companies Winding Up Proceedings No 382 of 2007
was brought by the Appellant in the High Court of Hong Kong to wind up
Dynasty. In response, the Respondent made an affirmation on 14 January 2008.
In this affirmation, he repeats the same story he stated in the 13 June 2000
witness statement that he had made a S$3m advance to the Appellant which ought
to be set off against the monies owing.[note: 59] What is highly pertinent to
us is that in both these instances, there was no mention of the S$3m being
part of an investment entitling him to a half-share in PT Bayan.

72 It was only in an affidavit affirmed 28 October 2008, after these
proceedings had commenced, that the Respondent first tied the S$3m to being an
investment in the coal mining business which entitled him to a half-share in
PT Bayan.[note: 60] This affidavit was filed to support his application for
the present proceedings to be stayed on the ground of _forum non conveniens_.
This account was also then repeated when he filed his defence and
counterclaim. This in our view was in itself not particularly damning because
the Respondent’s explanation was that he had previously thought that the coal
mining business never took off, and so he was previously under the belief that
he was entitled to treat the S$3m as a loan (see above at [65]).[note: 61]

73 However, in his response to Suit No 256 of 2010 brought by the liquidators
of Dynasty against the Respondent for breach of his fiduciary duties as a
director in the High Court of Singapore, the Respondent returned to his
earlier version of events. In his defence in that action[note: 62] and in an
affidavit dated 21 September 2010,[note: 63] the Respondent again asserted
that there was a S$3m sum he had advanced to the Appellant which ought to be
offset against the purchase price of the CDC shares. Not only were these
documents filed after he had allegedly learned of the existence of PT Bayan,
they came after the affidavit and defence and counterclaim alleging the S$3m
as an investment were filed in these proceedings. When queried by Mr Singh in
the proceedings below as to why there was this inconsistency, the Respondent
had no answer.[note: 64]

74 During the hearing before us, Mr Singh further pointed out that the figure
of S$3m was not mentioned in any of the Letters. Given the details the
Respondent had thought to include in the letters, one could have expected that
he would also include at least a mention of the S$3m figure there; that fact
being such a central aspect of his claim. Mr Singh submitted that this showed
that tying the S$3m figure and the Cheque to the alleged investment was
conjured by the Respondent only after these proceedings were commenced against
him.

75 Further, the Respondent’s testimony on the source of the S$3m, which he
says came in the form of cash kept in a safe in his office, was dubious, to
say the least. When asked to produce the bank statement corroborating the
withdrawal of this sum, the Respondent changed tack and asserted that he
received the sum in cash from a “Peter Lim”.[note: 65] There was no receipt
confirming this or evidence from this individual adduced. He subsequently
changed his story again and claimed that the S$3m was spare cash lying around
in his office. The Respondent was then unable to plausibly explain why he
would have kept in his office such a large amount of cash.

76 In our view, these incomprehensible inconsistencies tended to suggest that
there was no such investment and so more likely than not no Common
Understanding.

The Respondent’s inaction for 13 years

77 Secondly, as pointed out by the Appellant, the Respondent’s inaction for a
period of 13 years is difficult to accept. Even on the basis that the
Respondent was labouring under the impression that the coal mining business
did not materialise and so the S$3m was to be taken as a loan, he did not for
13 years seek to recover it. This was despite coming under severe financial
pressure in the many proceedings against him over the years, starting from the
two letters written by the Appellant in 1997 and the law suits which followed.
In addition, bankruptcy proceedings were brought against the Respondent in the
late 1990s which resulted in him filing for bankruptcy protection in Hawaii,
USA. Pertinently, the S$3m was not listed in the statements he had to make
declaring his assets and liabilities.

78 In respect of enforcing the Common Understanding itself, _viz_ , to his
share of 50% of the shareholding of PT Bayan, the Respondent’s case is, of
course, that he was simply not aware that the coal mining business had been
successfully established and that he instructed his Indonesian lawyers to do
so immediately upon learning about it in 2008.[note: 66] The problem with this
is that it is difficult to imagine that the Respondent, a sophisticated
investor, could be ignorant of PT Bayan for so many years.[note: 67] In our
view, this is especially so given the Respondent was embroiled with the
Appellant in continuing legal disputes over many years over the sale and
purchase of certain shares and it was not as if they had each disappeared from
one another’s lives. Given such a relationship between the parties, it is hard
in our view to conclude that the Respondent did not know of the existence of
PT Bayan between 1997 and 2008. That he sat on the alleged Common
Understanding for so many years without seeking to enforce his alleged rights
under it suggests it did not really exist.

The evidence as to the circumstances of the alleged investment

79 Finally, we find the manner in which the Respondent said he came to give
the Appellant the S$3m with the latter agreeing in return to give him a half-
share of a coal mining business also inherently implausible.

80 To begin, the Respondent said that all that happened was that the Appellant
had asked him for the S$3m and offered the half-share in the coal mining
business and that he readily agreed because they were good friends at the
time. To our minds, it was strange that for such an important investment, the
Respondent had not made any inquiries into what exactly he was investing in.
Neither was there any evidence of any discussion as to the details of the coal
mining business which the Appellant was going to set up and the nature of the
coal mining concession he was going to acquire in Indonesia. The Respondent
sought to explain that given the extremely good terms he was on with the
Appellant, he would have lent the money without question. He also said that
the Appellant had orally assured him that the coal mining business would be
worth some US$500m. This may be so, but this on the other hand raises
questions from the Appellant’s point of view. It is difficult to believe that
the _quid pro quo_ for the Respondent investing S$3m could imaginably be a
half-share of something envisaged to be worth half a billion US dollars.
Further, the Respondent’s account of the Common Understanding was that if the
coal mining business did not pan out, the investment would instead be treated
as a loan and the Appellant would have to return him the S$3m. This was in
essence an agreement under which the Respondent had very little to lose and
much more to gain than reasonably imaginable.

Conclusion

81 For these reasons, we find that the Judge erred in failing to accept that
the Appellant had proven on a balance of probabilities that the words
complained of, _viz_ , the existence of the Common Understanding, are false.

Were the words complained of published with malice?

82 The Appellant submitted that in the present case, the falsity of the words
complained of is highly probative of knowledge of falsity on the part of the
Respondent.[note: 68] Knowledge of falsity or lack of belief in the truth of
the words complained of in turn proves express malice (see _Horrocks_ at
149–150 ; _Hytech Builders Pte Ltd v Goh Teng Poh Karen_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 236
at [39]).

83 However, the Judge found that the Respondent “believed that he had a claim
against [the Appellant] and that his claims in the Indonesia Publications were
true” and so found no malice (see the Judgment at [66] and [70]).

84 The Appellant’s argument must be that given the nature of the facts in
issue, the Respondent’s assertion of belief in the words complained of is so
unreasonable that the court must reject his contention that he holds it. Such
an analysis is not without support and is endorsed by _Gatley_ (at para
17.18), in which the editors cite to Lord Herschell’s speech in _William
Derry, JC Wakefield and others v Sir Henry William Peek, Baronet_ (1889) 14
App Cas 337 at 375–376 (which was a case involving the tort of deceit) on this
issue of belief:

I can conceive many cases where the fact that an alleged belief was destitute
of all reasonable foundation would suffice of itself to convince the Court
that it was not really entertained …

Further, in _Greers Ltd v Pearman and Corder Ltd_ (1922) 39 RPC 406 at 417,
_per_ Scrutton LJ (a case on malicious falsehood) (cited in _Gatley_ at para
21.8):

Honest belief in an unfounded claim is not malice _. But the nature of the
unfounded claim may be evidence that there was not an honest belief in
it._**_It may be so unfounded that the particular fact that it is put forward
may be evidence that it is not honestly believed_**. [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

85 As we have noted, the first obstacle for the Appellant to surmount is the
Judge’s finding that the Respondent held an honest belief in the truth of his
claim. The Judge relied on (a) his actions in instructing Singapore and
Indonesian lawyers and acting on the latter’s advice to make the Publications;
(b) his issuance of a Power of Attorney to HPP; (c) his meeting with Clower in
2008 wherein he first discovered the existence of PT Bayan; (d) his further
independent enquiries including obtaining a copy of PT Bayan’s draft
prospectus dated July 2008; (e) instructing HPP to make the Publications; and
(f) his conduct and demeanour under cross-examination (see the Judgment at
[66]). Unfortunately, we agree with the Appellant that the Judge’s reasoning
was plainly wrong.[note: 69] These facts (save for the point on the
Respondent’s conduct and demeanour under cross-examination) are not
unequivocal of an honest belief in the truth of the claim by the Respondent.
That a person instructs lawyers to advance a claim does not necessarily prove
his honest belief in it. Even taken together, these factors listed by the
Judge do not, with respect, lead to the conclusion he reached. It is trite
that an appellate court will give due deference to a trial judge’s assessment
of a witness’s conduct and demeanour. But, in the present case, if the
Appellant is right that the claim was false and of a nature such that to
believe it was so unreasonable, then the proper inference that the court must
draw must be that the Respondent did not hold any honest belief in the truth
of it, no matter how convincing he may have seemed on the stand to the Judge.

86 As the Respondent was _directly involved_ in the events relating to the
Common Understanding, the Appellant is correct in asserting that this was “not
a case where there was the realistic possibility of a faulty but honest
recollection of the alleged event in question”.[note: 70] The Common
Understanding either _existed_ or _did not exist_. If there was no Common
Understanding, which was something between the Appellant and the Respondent
solely, there is no reason for the Respondent to believe it to exist. The
Respondent’s objection to this analysis on the ground that this means that
mere proof of falsehood leads to the conclusion of malice[note: 71] overstates
the case. We make this conclusion only on the facts of this case given the
nature of the subject matter in the words complained of. This does not create
any independent legal principle of general application contrary to the
accepted principle that mere proof of falsity is not sufficient to establish
malice. As described by _Gatley_ (at para 21.8), “the law here merely follows
the normal approach to drawing inferences about a person’s knowledge, belief
or intention”.

87 We accordingly find that the Appellant had established that the words
complained of were published by the Respondent with express malice.

Effect of these conclusions

88 At this juncture, we pause to take stock of what our above findings mean to
the Appellant’s claims against the Respondent in this appeal. Given that we
find that the words complained of were false, and that they were published by
the Respondent with express malice, it follows that:

(a) the defence of qualified privilege is defeated in respect of the
Publications and the Republications; and

(b) if causation of special damage is made out (see below at [103] _et seq_),
the tort of malicious falsehood is also made out under Singapore law.

The defamation claim

Conclusion in respect of liability for defamation

89 On the basis of the above, we make the following determinations on the
Appellant’s claim in defamation:

(a) we reject the appeal against the Judge’s findings in relation to the
meanings held by the words complained of;

(b) we allow the appeal against the Judge’s finding that there was no
Singapore republication of the 3rd Letter to Merrill Lynch Singapore in
Singapore and hold that the content of this republication bore the same
meaning as the 3rd Letter itself; and

(c) we allow the appeal against the Judge’s finding that the defence of
qualified privileged was defeated by express malice.

Accordingly, the Respondent is liable for defamation.

The relief available under the defamation claim

General damages and aggravated damages

90 It follows from our finding that liability for defamation has been made out
that the Appellant is entitled to general damages. These would comprise the
recognised heads of damage claimable as general damages, _viz_ , for injury to
reputation, injury to feelings, and for vindication (as set out in _Arul
Chandran v Chew Chin Aik Victor_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 86 (“ _Arul Chandran_ ”) at
[53]). These will fall to be assessed by a High Court judge.

91 The Judge’s conclusion that no aggravated damages for the claim in
defamation should be granted even if defamation was made out was largely
premised on the basis that the publications were not made with malice and that
they were not false (see the Judgment at [80]). We would note that the
Respondent has not since making the publications apologised for them. We have
found that the words complained of were false, that the Respondent knew they
were false, and that he was actuated by express malice in making the
publications. Further, the Respondent wrongly maintained the truth of his
false allegations through the trial of the matter via his plea of
justification and now in the arguments made on appeal. These are all matters
of a defendant’s conduct and state of mind which the court will consider in
deciding whether aggravated damages ought to be awarded (see _Koh Sin Chong
Freddie v Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others and another appeal_ [2013] SGCA 46
at [51] and _Arul Chandran_ at [55], citing _Gatley on Libel and Slander_
(Patrick Milmo & WVH Rogers eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 1998) at pp
212–213). The Respondent does not proffer any other reason for the refusal of
relief in the form of aggravated damages.[note: 72] We thus find that the
Appellant is entitled to aggravated damages (as a component of general
compensatory damages). These will also be assessed by a High Court judge.

Special damages

92 The Appellant claimed special damages to be assessed under his claim in
defamation. He said that he suffered these when he was not able to sell
375,000,000 vendor shares in the IPO at a price of 5,800 rupiah per shares
(amounting to 2.175 trillion rupiah). He thus claimed:[note: 73]

(a) the sum of 2.175 trillion rupiah or its equivalent sum in Singapore
dollars at the rate of exchange on 12 August 2008 at 6,505 rupiah to S$1,
amounting to S$334,358,186.01;

(b) further and/or alternatively, interest on 2.175 trillion rupiah or
S$334,358,186.01, pursuant to s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed);

(c) further and/or alternatively, damages for currency exchange loss on the
sum of 2.175 trillion rupiah; and

(d) further and/or alternatively, damages for the loss of opportunity to use
and/or invest 2.175 trillion rupiah, including the loss of opportunity to buy
back his shares.

93 The Judge held that special damages may be awarded in an action for
defamation (see the Judgment at [81]) and the Respondent did not and does not
now on appeal dispute this.

94 We accept as a general proposition that a plaintiff is not precluded from
claiming special damages in an action for defamation; the authorities say that
an award for special damage may be made on top of that for general damage.
However, the availability of such an award is not as wide as the Appellant’s
pleadings allege it to be, _ie_ , all consequential pecuniary loss. What is
meant by “special damage” in this context must be properly understood. As long
ago as in the case of _Ratcliffe v Evans_ [1892] 2 QB 524 (“ _Ratcliffe v
Evans_ ”) at 529, Bowen LJ declared the use of the term “special damage” as
one “which, intelligible enough in particular contexts, tends, when
successively employed in more than one context and with regard to different
subject-matter, to encourage confusion in thought”. It is true that to
constitute special damage the loss must be pecuniary, _ie_ , it must be loss
capable of estimation in money’s worth, but the converse is not true: not all
manner of pecuniary losses fall within the scope of special damage. This
appears to be a conceptual misunderstanding on the part of the Appellant in
the present case.

95 In _Ratcliffe v Evans_ , Bowen LJ explained that in actions such as the
present, where the wrong is actionable _per se_ , special damage is used to
denote the particular damage which a claimant suffers beyond general damage
(at 528):

At times (both in the law of tort and of contract) it is employed to denote
**_that damage arising out of the special circumstances of the case which, if
properly pleaded, may be superadded to the general damage which the law
implies in every breach of contract and every infringement of an absolute
right_** : see _Ashby v. White_. In all such cases the law presumes that
_some_ damage will flow in the ordinary course of things from the mere
invasion of the plaintiff’s rights, and calls it general damage. **_Special
damage in such a context means the particular damage (beyond the general
damage), which results from the particular circumstances of the case_** , and
of the plaintiff’s claim to be compensated, for which he ought to give warning
in his pleadings in order that there may be no surprise at the trial.
[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics and
underline]

96 That special damage in this context is so limited and does not extend to
all manner of consequential loss also explains the observation in Harvey
McGregor, _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2009) (“ _McGregor
on Damages_ ”) at para 39-034, that an award of special damages in an action
for libel while possible is somewhat extraordinary:

Again apart from the three regular heads of injury to reputation, injury to
feelings and vindication, there is pecuniary loss. This is a clear head of
damage but it cannot be said to be a regular one in this field. There are a
few old cases. In _Evans v Harries_ , an action for slander of the claimant in
his business of an innkeeper, the claimant recovered for a general falling off
of custom, while in _Harrison v Pearce_ , an action for libel upon the
proprietors a newspaper, damages were awarded in respect of the resulting
general decline in the newspaper’s circulation; and more specific losses, as
of particular contracts, particular employments, particular hospitality, may
also be allowed if properly pleaded and proved. **_However, modern libel cases
where pecuniary loss is specifically claimed are virtually impossible to find,
the tendency being to claim simply for damage to reputation_** _tout court_**
_in the hope, frequently, of a very large general award_**. [emphasis added in
bold italics]

The propensity of claimants to claim simply for damage to reputation _tout
court_ stems from the fact that any special damages which are claimable in an
action for libel must, in our judgment, be in any case losses referable to the
damage to reputation; in other words, it refers to particular damage in the
nature of those recognised as claimable as general damage. What is meant by
special damage ought properly be called ‘particular’ or ‘actual’ damage, this
being in contradistinction to the ‘presumptive’ damage the court awards when
one claims general damage.

97 Limiting what may be claimed as special damage in this context is both
commonsensical and supported by policy. The old English case of _William
Allsop and Hannah, his Wife v Thomas Allsop_ (1860) 5 H & N 534 (“ _Allsop v
Allsop_ ”) is instructive. The claim in _Allsop v Allsop_ was for damages
relating to a married woman’s illness which resulted from her being slandered.
These were held by the court to be too remote to be recoverable. We agree with
_McGregor on Damages_ (at para 6-082) in that the first two bases upon which
the case was decided were under the law at the time accepted but no longer
hold water today: first, that psychiatric injury as opposed to physical injury
were too remote to claim, and second, that the damage in that case was too
remote because it depended upon the peculiarities and temperament of the
particular individual. However, the third basis remains relevant. This was the
ground that loss through ill health was not within the scope of protection of
tort in question, even though it resulted in a pecuniary loss. Particularly,
Martin B remarked (at 539) that “[t]he law is jealous as to actions for mere
words”. _McGregor on Damages_ (at para 6-082) explains this third basis as
such:

What was at the back of the court’s mind seems to have been **_the need to
confine such slander actions within strictly defined limits_** , so that
resulting ill health did not ground recovery because it was not an interest
protected by the tort. Whether this conclusion was sound, in view of the fact
that the loss was a pecuniary one, may be doubted; but **_it is basically a
matter of policy_** , and this remains the one ground upon which _Allsop v
Allsop_ could be supported today. [emphasis added in bold italics]

98 We agree. The tort of defamation is not one which protects all kinds of
interests and so not all kinds of losses are recoverable. By their nature,
certain kinds of losses are, as a matter of policy, simply too remote to be
recovered in an action for defamation. The tort of defamation primarily
protects a person’s reputation (see _Gatley_ at para 1.1) and so grants relief
for damage to a plaintiff’s reputation, the injury to his feelings and also
provides a vindicatory effect. Where therefore the loss resulting from the
publication of the words complained of is not referable to such protected
interests, such loss is not claimable even if the publication was factually
causative of it; it therefore does not include _all_ consequential pecuniary
loss.

99 In the present case, the Judge had found, and we agree, that given the
Publications and Republications held the meanings they were found to hold,
they would tend to lower the Appellant in the estimation of right-thinking
members of society generally or impute a lack of integrity. It was not this
lowering of the Appellant in the estimation of right-thinking members of
society generally or the imputation of a lack of integrity, _ie_ , the damage
to his reputation, which caused the Appellant not to be able to sell his
vendor shares in the IPO. Rather, it was because of the concerns which the
capital markets regulators had with the _allegations_ found _in_ the 3rd
Letter which led to the Appellant having to, he says, remove his vendor shares
from the sale. This is not a loss, even if it can be proven, which is
protected by the tort of defamation. It would be a different matter in a case
where defamatory materials were published calling a trader dishonest (whether
in the way of his trade or otherwise). He may as a result suffer a fall in
custom because of customer shunning him having heard of his reputation of
being dishonest. In such a case, the plaintiff may either claim for a loss of
reputation generally, or, if he can specifically prove so, the fall in custom
resulting from the damaged reputation as special damages, such loss being the
particular loss he suffered in his circumstances. Significantly, the Appellant
also seeks to claim such loss in his action for malicious falsehood. It may
well be that such losses are more appropriately claimed under that separate
tort which protects a different interest from the tort of defamation; to allow
recovery in the action for defamation would also obviate the need of the
Appellant to show that he satisfies the conditions on which he can claim in
the tort of malicious falsehood. We will examine this claim again when we
discuss it in the context of malicious falsehood (see below at [103] _et
seq_).

100 We accordingly find that under Singapore law, the Appellant is not
entitled to the special damages he seeks. Given our judgment in this regard,
the issue relating to whether such special damages of the sort the Appellant
is claiming are claimable under Indonesian law in an action for defamation for
the purposes of satisfying the double actionability rule (see above at [16])
is moot. This was a major bone of contention between the parties and their
expert witnesses on Indonesian law in the proceedings below. We appreciate the
extensive submissions made by the parties in their respective written cases on
this specific issue, but as there is no necessity for us to decide this issue,
we make no comment on it or on the Judge’s findings in this respect.

Injunction

101 The Judge concluded that even if defamation had been made out, there was
no need for the court to grant an injunction restraining “any repetition of
the slander or of similar imputations” because there was no evidence to give
rise to any apprehension of further publication by the Respondent (see the
Judgment at [82]). The Appellant’s case seems to be that because the
Respondent was actuated by malice, there are _ipso facto_ grounds to fear
further publications and so a real risk that he will do so.[note: 74] The
Appellant’s arguments are unsupported by authority. In addition to the fact
that there was no evidence of the danger of further publications, it may also
be noted that there is no evidence that in the four years since the
Publications and Republications, the Respondent had made further publications
of the same. We therefore do not think that it is necessary to order an
injunction in the present case.

The malicious falsehood claim

Liability in malicious falsehood

102 Given we have found that the elements of falsity and malice have been made
out by the Appellant (see above at [81] and [87] respectively), his claim in
malicious falsehood in Singapore law will be established if special damage is
proven, this being an element of the tort without which the claim cannot stand
(see _WBG Network (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Meridian Life International Pte Ltd
and others_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 727 (“ _WBG Network_ ”) at [74]).

Proving special damage

103 The Appellant pleaded the following in respect of special damage for the
purposes of his malicious falsehood claim (mirroring the claim for the same
under the tort of defamation (see above at [92])):[note: 75]

23\. Further, as a result of [the Respondent’s] malicious and false
publication of the Words (in the Defamatory Letters), [the Appellant] was not
able to sell 375,000,000 shares in PT Bayan Resources at the Initial Public
Offer Share Price of Rp5,800. [The Appellant] would have received a total
amount of Rp 2.175 trillion (Indonesian Rupiah). As such, [the Appellant]
suffered loss and damage, which include _inter alia_ , special damage of Rp
2.175 trillion (Indonesian Rupiah) or the equivalent sum in Singapore dollars
at the rate of exchange on 12 August 2008 at 6,505 Rp to S$1 amounting to
S$334,358,186.01.

24\. Further, and/or alternatively, [the Appellant] claims interest on the
special damage of Rp 2.175 trillion (Indonesian Rupiah) or the equivalent sum
in Singapore dollars at the rate of exchange on 12 August 2008 at 6,505 Rp to
S$1 amounting to S$334,358,186.01, pursuant to Section 12 of the Civil Law Act
(Cap. 43).

25\. Further, and/or alternatively, [the Appellant] claims damages for
currency exchange loss on the sum of Rp 2.175 trillion (Indonesian Rupiah).

26\. Further, and/or alternatively, such loss and damage include the loss of
opportunity to use and/or invest Rp 2.175 trillion (Indonesian Rupiah) which
[the Appellant] would have received if he was able to sell 375,000,000 of his
shares in PT Bayan Resources at the Initial Public Offer Share Price of
Rp5,800. Such loss of opportunity to use and/or invest include, _inter alia_ ,
the loss of opportunity to buy-back his shares.

104 Whereas such losses are not claimable as special damage under the tort of
defamation (see above at [99]), they are claimable in an action for malicious
falsehood. The tort of malicious falsehood as it is commonly known today is of
an entirely different character from an action for defamation. W Blake Odgers
and Robert Ritson, _A Digest of the Law of Libel and Slander and of Actions on
the Case for Words Causing Damage_ (Stevens and Sons, Limited, 6th Ed, 1929)
at p 66 describes such actions thus:

We pass [from the preceding discussion on defamation] now to words of an
entirely different character—to words, that is, which are not defamatory of
any individual, which do not injure the reputation of any one, either
personally or in the way of his profession or trade, but _which were intended
to cause, and which did cause, pecuniary loss to some one_. No action of libel
or slander will lie for such words. But _when a defendant either knows or
ought to know that special damage will happen to the plaintiff if he writes or
speaks certain words, and he writes or speaks those words, desiring and
intending that such damage shall follow, or recklessly indifferent whether
such damage follows or not, then, if the words be false, and if such damage
does in fact follow directly from their use, an action on the case will lie_.
And in such an action on the case it is the plaintiff who must prove that the
words are false, that they were published by the defendant with some degree of
malice, and that actual damage has ensued. [emphasis added]

It has been said that the “true legal aspect” of the tort may be described as
being an “[action] for _unlawfully causing damage_ ” [emphasis added]; and it
is for this reason that “damage is the gist of the action” (see _The Royal
Baking Powder Company v Wright, Crossley & Co_ (1901) 18 RPC 95 at 104, _per_
Lord Halsbury LC, and see also _Ratcliffe v Evans_ at 527).

105 In the Appellant’s statement of claim (at paras 23–25, see above at
[103]), the Appellant pleaded as special damage the _entire value_ of the PT
Bayan shares which were withdrawn from the IPO.[note: 76] In respect of these
pleaded heads of special damage, we dismiss the claim in malicious falsehood
because causation of such loss has not been made out. It quite simply cannot
by any stretch of the imagination be shown that a direct and natural
consequence of the false words was that loss amounting to the _entire value_
of the shares would be suffered by the Appellant. This was as though the false
words caused the shares to become worthless. Quite aside from the fact that we
cannot accept that such loss as pleaded is a direct and natural consequence of
the publications, it was also disclosed in the evidence brought below that the
Appellant was in fact able to sell his shares in a private sale not long after
the IPO. Approximately 300m shares were sold by the Appellant to another
shareholder.[note: 77] This clearly showed that the publication of the false
words did not cause the shares to become worthless.

106 In our view, the Appellant’s real loss, if any, was what was pleaded in
para 26, _ie_ , the loss of opportunity to invest in the money he would have
gotten had he sold his PT Bayan shares at the IPO as planned.[note: 78] The
crux of the contention between the parties is whether the Respondent’s acts
had caused such loss. The Judge declined to address this issue, taking the
view that this was a matter which was to be decided at the assessment of
damages stage of the proceedings (see the Judgment at [81]). The parties are
not in dispute that this was a matter on which the Judge ought to have made a
determination. This was not least because special damage is, as we have noted,
an element of the tort of malicious falsehood, without which the tort cannot
stand and liability cannot be held to have been made out. Given the Judge did
not undertake the task of evaluating the evidence relating to this issue and
did not make any determination thereon, it is incumbent on us to do so now.

107 The Appellant’s case is that following the Publications to BAPEPAM,
BAPEPAM informed PT Bayan that it would have to “clear” any dispute over the
shares of PT Bayan before the IPO could proceed.[note: 79] As a result of
this, the Appellant says he had “no choice” but to withdraw his vendor shares
from the IPO. It was on this basis, he says, that BAPEPAM issued the Effective
Statement which allowed the IPO to proceed.[note: 80] The Respondent, on the
contrary, argued that there was no causal link between the Publications and
the special damage alleged because BAPEPAM did not impose on the Appellant and
PT Bayan the requirement that he removed his vendor shares. Instead, he says,
this was done on his own accord or by PT Bayan’s management on the advice of
its IPO underwriter PT Trimegah.[note: 81]

108 The test of causation of special damage in the tort of malicious falsehood
is simply that such damage must have been the natural and probable (or, in
different parlance but meaning the same thing, direct and natural) result of
the words (see _Palmer Bruyn & Parker Pty Limited v Keith Parsons_ (2001) 208
CLR 388). In this regard, we find that the Appellant has established the
necessary causal link in the present case. Kwan Jenny Quantero (“Quantero”), a
director and shareholder of PT Bayan, gave evidence as to the events which
followed the publications.[note: 82] On 21 July 2008, representatives from PT
Bayan, PT Trimegah, PT Bayan’s lead managing underwriter, which was
responsible for liasing with BAPEPAM, and PT Bayan’s lawyers met with
representatives of BAPEPAM. They informed BAPEPAM that the Appellant had
assured PT Bayan that the Respondent’s allegations were false, and that PT
Bayan was not connected in any way to the Appellant. They were informed by
BAPEPAM that they would have to clear any disputes on the PT Bayan shares
before the IPO could proceed. PT Trimegah met with the representatives of
BAPEPAM a second time and PT Trimegah then advised that the only way for the
IPO to proceed was for the Appellant’s shares to be removed from the vendor
shares offering. This advice was acted upon.

109 We accept the evidence put forward by the Appellant and find that the
publication of the false words was the natural and probable cause of the need
to remove the Appellant’s vendor shares from the IPO. The Respondent suggests
that the Appellant and PT Bayan could have taken other courses of action than
to remove the Appellant’s vendor shares to assuage BAPEPAM’s concerns for
BAPEPAM to allow the IPO to proceed. These are, however, nothing more than
speculative suggestions on his part. We accept the evidence that from the
meetings with BAPEPAM, Quantero, the IPO advisors and in particular PT
Trimegah understood that BAPEPAM would only allow the IPO to proceed if they
took the course that they did.

110 In the light of all of the above, we find that the Appellant has made out
the causation of special damage in the present case. As we have noted, this is
confined to the Appellant’s pleading that as a result of the false words, he
was not able to sell his vendor shares at the IPO and that he suffered a loss
of opportunity to use and/or invest in the money he would have otherwise
gotten.

Relying on s 6(1)(a) of the Defamation Act

111 In the alternative, the Appellant seeks to rely on s 6(1)(_a_) of the
Defamation Act (Cap 75, 1985 Rev Ed) which reads as follows:

**6.** —(1) In any action for slander of title, slander of goods or other
malicious falsehood, it shall not be necessary to allege or prove special
damage —

(_a_) if the words upon which the action is founded are calculated to cause
pecuniary damage to the plaintiff and are published in writing or other
permanent form …

112 The question in the present case is whether the words complained of were
“calculated to cause pecuniary damage to the plaintiff”. The words “calculated
to” have been interpreted by the Singapore High Court in _DHKW Marketing and
another v Nature’s Farm Pte Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 774 (“ _DHKW Marketing_ ”) at
[39] to mean “likely to produce the result” (see also _Gatley_ at para 21.13).
We agree with the High Court’s interpretation of this phrase in _DHKW
Marketing_. We would further note by way of observation that in _Customglass
Boats Ltd and Another v Salthouse Brothers Ltd and Another_ [1976] RPC 589 (“
_Customglass Boats_ ”) at 603, Mahon J in the Supreme Court of New Zealand
interpreted s 5 of the New Zealand Defamation Act 1954 (NZ), which is _in pari
materia_ to our s 6 and the original s 3 of the Defamation Act 1952 (c 66)
(UK). Mahon J similarly interpreted and held that “calculated” is equivalent
to “likely”. The New Zealand legislation has since been amended and now speaks
of the same in more direct terms (and consistently with the judicial
interpretation in _Customglass Boats_). Section 5 of the Defamation Act 1992
(NZ) states:

In proceedings for slander of title, slander of goods, or other malicious
falsehood, it is not necessary to allege or prove special damage if the
publication of the mater that is the subject of the proceedings is _likely to
cause_ pecuniary loss to the plaintiff. [emphasis added]

113 If the provision applies, a plaintiff would not need to prove specific
pecuniary loss but instead the court will infer the existence of such loss.
The result is that the damages will be “at large” (see _McGregor on Damages_
at para 40-013). In other words, even if the plaintiff is unable to bring
evidence to prove that he has _actually_ suffered the loss, that does not mean
that he can recover only nominal damages as that would be to render s 6(1)
nugatory (see _Joyce v Sengupta and Another_ [1993] 1 WLR 337 at 346–347 and
_WBG Network_ at [86]).

114 For the same reasons we have adopted above (at [105]), we cannot conclude
that the words complained of in the present case were likely to produce the
result that the Appellant’s shares would be rendered worthless. However, we
accept that the sending of the Letters is one which was likely to produce the
result of pecuniary loss as pleaded at para 26 of the Appellant’s statement of
claim (see above at [103]). We come to this conclusion bearing in mind, among
other things, the context of the listing exercise, the content of the Letters,
and the fact that they were sent so close to the proposed launch date of the
IPO. In the circumstances, we are satisfied that the Appellant’s claim in
malicious falsehood in so far as it relates to para 26 of his pleadings falls
within s 6(1)(_a_) of the Defamation Act.

Actionability under Indonesian law

115 Whether the tort of malicious falsehood is actionable under Indonesian law
for the purposes of the double actionability rule was not determined by the
Judge in the light of his conclusion that the tort was not made out under
Singapore law.

116 Mr Giam in the court below expressly conceded in the course of cross-
examining the Appellant’s expert witness on Indonesian law, Dr Frans Hendra
Winarta (“Dr Winarta”), that what is known as malicious falsehood in Singapore
is actionable under Indonesian law.[note: 83] Despite this, in his closing
submissions below, the Respondent attempted to argue otherwise. In the light
of counsel’s concession, and the fact that as a result, Dr Winarta was not
cross-examined on his expert opinion on this issue, we do not think that it is
appropriate for the Respondent to now attempt to row back from the position
taken and argue that it is not actionable under Indonesian law. We accordingly
accept the conclusion that the tort of malicious falsehood is actionable under
Indonesian law.

Conclusion in respect of liability for malicious falsehood

117 In the light of malice and falsity having been proven by the Appellant,
and considering the causation of special damage in the nature of the loss of
opportunity to invest the money the Appellant would have had had he been able
to sell his vendor shares at the IPO having been established, or, in the
alternative, on the application of s 6(1)(_a_) of the Defamation Act, we find
that liability for malicious falsehood is made out.

The relief available under the malicious falsehood claim

Damages

118 The Appellant is entitled to the special damage as pleaded in para 26 of
its statement of claim. In the alternative, such damage in para 26 may be
inferred pursuant to s 6(1)(_a_) of the Defamation Act and the Appellant is
entitled to an award on this basis. However, recovery is only allowed to the
extent these claims do not overlap: there should not be double recovery. These
damages will be assessed by a High Court judge.

Injunction

119 For the same reasons we decline to order an injunction for the Appellant’s
claim in defamation (see above at [101]), we also do not think it necessary to
order it under the claim in malicious falsehood.

Declaration

120 The Appellant seeks, in respect of his claim in malicious falsehood, a
declaration that the words complained of were false. Specifically, he seeks a
declaration that:[note: 84]

the [Respondent] did not give money to the [Appellant] in 1995 or 1996 for
investment in the coal mining business as alleged by the [Respondent] in the
Defamatory Letters, and the [Respondent] is therefore not entitled to any
shares in PT Bayan Resources.

This issue was not dealt with by the Judge. The correct question to ask first,
in our view, is whether the relief of a declaration is available under
Singapore law in a claim such as the present.

121 The issue of whether a declaration of falsity can be granted in a libel
action was considered by the English High Court in _Loutchansky v Times
Newspapers Ltd (No 6)_ [2002] EMLR 44 (“ _Loutchansky_ ”). Gray J concluded in
the negative. The facts of _Loutchansky_ may be relevant to understanding the
decision. There, the claimant, Mr Loutchansky, sued for libel and the
defendant’s defence was that of qualified privilege, specifically, the
_Reynolds_ privilege (_ie_ , that established in English law in _Reynolds v
Times Newspapers Ltd and others_ [2001] 2 AC 127). He thus sought to amend his
particulars of claim to seek a declaration that the words complained of were
false, saying that he had no interest in concerning himself with the matters
arising from a consideration of the _Reynolds_ privilege, but rather, wanted
to establish falsity to vindicate his reputation. Gray J (at [3]) gave four
reasons refusing permission to amend the particulars of claim. First, a
declaration may be granted only in respect of _an existing legal right_
(citing _Nixon v Attorney-General_ [1930] 1 Ch 566). Contrary to Mr
Loutchansky’s argument, there is no legal right to a good reputation.
Accordingly, there was no legal right to sustain the grant of a declaration.
Second, to grant a declaration of falsity even where the defendant succeeded
in their defence would subvert the balance sought to be maintained by the
defence. Third, there would be an opening of the floodgates, such that
newspapers would need to consider whether they, other than pleading the
_Reynolds_ privilege, ought also to expend monies defending a claim of
falsity. Last, the court would be loath to grant a declaration which may be
used worldwide where evidence in relation to the truth or falsity would not
have been fully considered.

122 It is Gray J’s first reason which is relevant to the analysis because the
Appellant is seeking the declaration of falsity on the basis of his claim in
malicious falsehood and not defamation. It is the position in Singapore as
well that declaratory relief can only be granted in respect of _legal rights_
(see _Salijah bte Ab Latef v Mohd Irwan bin Abdullah Teo_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 233
(“ _Salijah_ ”) at [17], as approved by this Court in _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v
Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd and another appeal_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112). If
under the tort of defamation the Appellant cannot obtain a declaration of
falsity because there is no legal right to good reputation, we likewise do not
see how the Appellant can contrive a legal right capable of supporting a grant
of declaratory relief in a claim in malicious falsehood. In _Jameel (Yousef) v
Dow Jones & Co Inc_ [2005] QB 946, the English Court of Appeal came to the
same conclusion as the High Court in _Loutchansky_. Lord Phillips of Worth
Matravers MR (at [67]) thought that at the end of a libel action, an award of
substantial damages provides vindication to the plaintiff, and so the court
does not have to make a declaration that the words complained of were false.
This reasoning in the context of defamation extends, in our view, to the tort
of malicious falsehood as well. The Appellant, succeeding in his claim in
malicious falsehood, a tort concerned with remedying the unlawful causing of
damage (see above at [104]), is fully compensated, leaving nothing requiring
the grant of a declaration of falsity. It is simply not sufficient for the
Appellant to say that declaration should be granted “to make clear to the
world” that what the Respondent alleged happened in 1995 or 1996 did not
happen and that the Respondent was not entitled to shares in PT Bayan.[note:
85] The Appellant’s reliance on _Loudon v Ryder (No 2)_ [1953] 1 Ch 423 (“
_Loudon_ ”) where a declaration was granted in an action for slander to title
does not assist his case, as there, in the specific context of slander to
title (which is a specific species of action and not the general action for
malicious falsehood), the _legal right_ in question was the _title to
property_ , and it was that which supported the grant of a declaration.

123 At common law, no such declaratory relief is available in a claim for
malicious falsehood generally.

124 Because declaratory relief is a discretionary remedy, the court may not
grant it where it will not give “relief” in the real sense (see _Salijah_ at
[17]). Therefore, in addition to the above, it may be useful to consider that
there are several factors pointing towards the court _not_ granting
declaratory relief in any event. First, as noted, the Appellant’s reputation
will be vindicated by an award of damages for the torts of both defamation and
malicious falsehood. Secondly, in making out his claim in malicious falsehood,
there is already a determination of falsity by the court. Last, the
Respondent’s counterclaim against the Appellant for the shares in PT Bayan has
already been litigated in this action below and no appeal against the Judge’s
dismissal of it was filed, and so is _res judicata_ , such that there is no
need to further protect the Appellant by way of a declaration of falsity to
make clear that the Respondent is not entitled to shares in Bayan. In
contrast, in the case of _Loudon_ , the court found (at 428) that the
defendant was going to continue to make false assertions that the plaintiff
did not have title to her property – it was this which required the court to
make a declaration.

Conclusion

125 For all the reasons we have set out above, we allow the appeal in so far
as we find that the Respondent is liable in the tort of defamation. However,
we reject the appeal against the Judge’s findings as to the natural and
ordinary meanings of the words complained of. We also find liability in
malicious falsehood. The damages available to the Appellant, under these two
torts, to the extent that we have found are claimable, will be assessed by a
High Court judge. Taking into account the conduct of these proceedings, we
award the costs of the appeal and the costs of the trial to the Appellant.
These are to be taxed if not agreed. There will also be the usual
consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part B6) at pp 171–175; Record of
Appeal (Volume III) (Part A5) at pp 254–257.

[note: 2]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part B6) at pp 177–181; Record of
Appeal (Volume III) (Part A5) at pp 259–263.

[note: 3]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part B6) at pp 183–188; Record of
Appeal (Volume III) (Part A5) at pp 265–269.

[note: 4]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part B6) at pp 190–198; Record of
Appeal (Volume III) (Part A6) at pp 4–24.

[note: 5]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part A1) at pp 37–55.

[note: 6]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part A1) at pp 27–36.

[note: 7]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume 2) at p 137.

[note: 8]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part A1) at pp 107–108.

[note: 9]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part A1) at pp 109–110.

[note: 10]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part A1) at pp 111–116.

[note: 11]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume 2) at p 137.

[note: 12]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part A1) at pp 98–100.

[note: 13]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part A1) at p 5 (Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief of Kwan Jenny Quantero affirmed on 17 July 2012 at para 8).

[note: 14]Record of Appeal (Volume II) (Part 1) at pp 10 _et seq_ (Statement
of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 13).

[note: 15]Record of Appeal (Volume II) (Part 1) at pp 10 _et seq_ (Statement
of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 20).

[note: 16]Record of Appeal (Volume II) (Part 1) at pp 101–102 (Defence and
Counterclaim (Amendment No 5) at paras 8(e)–(f)).

[note: 17]Judgment at [18]–[24].

[note: 18]Judgment at [25]–[32].

[note: 19]Judgment at [37]–[39].

[note: 20]Judgment at [40]–[41].

[note: 21]Judgment at [42]–[44].

[note: 22]Judgment at [23].

[note: 23]Judgment at [24].

[note: 24]Judgment at [38].

[note: 25]Judgment at [39].

[note: 26]Judgment at [42].

[note: 27]Judgment at [44].

[note: 28]Judgment at [44].

[note: 29]Judgment at [44].

[note: 30]Judgment at [46]–[53].

[note: 31]Judgment at [54]–[61].

[note: 32]Judgment at [62]–[72].

[note: 33]Judgment at [74]–[75].

[note: 34]Judgment at [76].

[note: 35]Judgment at [62].

[note: 36]Judgment at [66].

[note: 37]Judgement at [70].

[note: 38]Judgment at [85].

[note: 39]Judgment at [81].

[note: 40]Judgment at [80].

[note: 41]Judgment at [86].

[note: 42]Judgment at [82].

[note: 43]Judgment at [86].

[note: 44]Judgment at [92].

[note: 45]Judgment at [92].

[note: 46]Appellant’s Case at para 37; Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume 2) at
pp 21–22.

[note: 47]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume 2) at p 137.

[note: 48]Respondent’s Case at paras 37–38.

[note: 49]Appellant’s Case at para 53.

[note: 50]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part A1) at pp 37–55.

[note: 51]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part A1) at pp 27–36.

[note: 52]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part A1) at pp 107–108; Record of
Appeal (Volume V) (Part A1) at pp 109–110.

[note: 53]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part A1) at pp 111–116.

[note: 54]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part A1) at pp 98–100.

[note: 55]Appellant’s Case at paras 82–87.

[note: 56]Appellant’s Case at para 88.

[note: 57]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part A4) at pp 292–295; Record of
Appeal (Volume III) (Part A5) at pp 4–5.

[note: 58]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume 3) at p 3.

[note: 59]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume 3) at p 33.

[note: 60]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part B3) at pp 12–14.

[note: 61]Respondent’s Case at paras 79, 81 and 83.

[note: 62]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume 3) at pp 8–9.

[note: 63]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume 3) at pp 39–42.

[note: 64]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part C4) at pp 197–200 (Transcript of
Proceedings (of 17 August 2012) at p 89 ln 8 – p 92 ln 16).

[note: 65]Appellant’s Core Bundle (Volume 3) at pp 103–104.

[note: 66]Respondent’s Case at para 88.

[note: 67]Appellant’s Case at para 167.

[note: 68]Appellant’s Case at paras 107 and 120.

[note: 69]Appellant’s Case at paras 123 _et seq_.

[note: 70]Appellant’s Case at para 107.

[note: 71]Respondent’s Case at para 70.

[note: 72]Respondent’s Case at para 148.

[note: 73]Record of Appeal (Volume II) (Part 1) at pp 38–39 (Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 6) at paras 19A–19D).

[note: 74]Appellant’s Case at para 247.

[note: 75]Record of Appeal (Volume II) (Part 1) at pp 43–45 (Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 6) at paras 23–26).

[note: 76]Record of Appeal (Volume II) (Part 1) at pp 43–45 (Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 6) at paras 23–35).

[note: 77]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part B5) at p 149 (Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief of Sukamto Sia affirmed on 17 July 2012 at para 178).

[note: 78]Record of Appeal (Volume II) (Part 1) at pp 44 (Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 6) at para 26).

[note: 79]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part A1) at p 5 (Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief of Kwan Jenny Quantero affirmed on 17 July 2012 at para 8).

[note: 80]Appellant’s Case at para 232.

[note: 81]Respondent’s Case at paras 141–143.

[note: 82]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part A1) at pp 4–5 (Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief of Kwan Jenny Quantero affirmed on 17 July 2012 at paras
5–11).

[note: 83]Appellant’s Case at para 291; Appellant’s Core Bundle Volume 4 at pp
89–90 (Transcript of Proceedings (of 24 August 2012) at p 66 ln 18 – p 67 ln
21).

[note: 84]Record of Appeal (Volume II) (Part 2) at p 3–95 (Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 6) at p 39 para (2)).

[note: 85]Appellant’s Case at para 252.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

