Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PT Bakrie Investindo _v_ Global Distressed Alpha Fund 1 Ltd Partnership  
[2013] SGCA 51

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 1 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 September 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Suresh Damodara (Damodara Hazra LLP) for the appellant;
Hri Kumar Nair SC and Emmanuel Duncan Chua (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  PT Bakrie Investindo — Global Distressed Alpha Fund 1 Ltd
Partnership  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 2 SLR 429.]

25 September 2013|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 As the late Lord Denning MR aptly put it, “[w]ords are the lawyer’s tools of
trade” (see Lord Denning, _The Discipline of Law_ (Butterworths, London, 1979)
(“ _The Discipline of Law_ ”) at p 5). The reason for this is clear; as the
learned Master of the Rolls proceeded to observe (_ibid_):

The reason why words are so important is because words are the vehicle of
thought. When you are working out a problem on your own – at your desk or
walking home – you think in words, not in symbols or numbers. When you are
advising your client – in writing or by word of mouth – you must use words.
There is no other means available.

2 However, words – or in the context of the present appeal, _a_ word – might
not always be clear. There are various reasons for this. The same word might –
without even beginning to consider the context in which the word itself is
used – have completely different meanings (take, for example, the word “toast”
which may mean “bread in slices browned on both sides by radiant heat” _or_ “a
person … or thing in whose honour a company is requested to drink” _or_ “a
call to drink or an instance of drinking in this way” (see _The Concise Oxford
Dictionary of Current English_ (Clarendon Press, Oxford, 8th Ed, 1990) at p
1281)). In addition, a word with a certain specific meaning might nevertheless
mean different things in different contexts. Again, Lord Denning put it well
when he referred to difficulties stemming from what he termed “the infirmity
of the words themselves” (_The Discipline of Law_ at p 5). But courts must
nevertheless arrive at considered (and definite as well as clear) decisions in
accordance with logic, principle and context in the case at hand. They must,
in this regard, utilise all relevant legal materials. And they must, of
course, assiduously avoid the approach of Humpty Dumpty in Lewis Carroll’s
_Through the Looking-Glass_ (Macmillan & Co, London, 1871) (a sequel to the
same author’s equally famous book, _Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland_
(Macmillan & Co, London, 1865)); in particular, the court cannot make the word
mean what _it_ chooses it to mean. Again, to cite Lord Denning (albeit from
another book, _The Closing Chapter_ (Butterworths, London,1983) at p 58):

So in the allegory Humpty Dumpty makes the word mean just what _he_ chooses it
to mean. When he does that, he is riding for a fall. He does fall and is
broken in pieces. We all know the nursery rhyme … [emphasis in original]

3 However, as just mentioned, ascertaining the meaning of words is not always
an easy task in practice. Indeed, the late Prof Glanville Williams wrote a
famous article almost seven decades ago, which has stood the test of time and
whose title is self-explanatory – “Language and the Law”. It is a veritable
_tour de force_ from both theoretical as well as practical points of view,
exploring virtually every aspect of language and the law (including even the
emotive function of words). However, the quantity as well as quality of the
various difficulties resulted in an unprecedented _five part_ article
comprising a total of 87 pages and spanning two volumes of _The Law Quarterly
Review_ (see (1945) 61 LQR 71, 179, 293 and 384, as well as (1946) 62 LQR 387)
– merely underscoring the immense difficulties concerned.

4 The present appeal was another (albeit more specific as well as modest)
instance of the difficulties encountered with the meaning of words (or rather,
as already mentioned, _a_ word). As we shall see, the sole issue in this
appeal against the decision of the judge (“the Judge”) in _Global Distressed
Alpha Fund I Ltd Partnership v PT Bakrie Investindo_ [2013] 2 SLR 429 (“the
GD”) centred on the meaning of the word “execution” in O 67 r 10(2) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”). In particular, do
examination of judgment debtor proceedings (“EJD”) come within the meaning of
the word “execution” for the purposes of O 67 r 10(2) of the Rules (“O 67 r
10(2)”)? Order 67 r 10 itself reads as follows:

(1) Execution shall not issue on a judgment registered under the [Reciprocal
Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264)] or [Reciprocal
Enforcement of Foreign Judgments Act (Cap 265)] until after the expiration of
the period which, in accordance with Rule 5(2), is specified in the order for
registration as the period within which an application may be made to set
aside the registration or, if that period has been extended by the Court,
until after the expiration of that period as so extended.

**_(2)_** _If an application is made to set aside the registration of a
judgment_ , **_execution_** _on the judgment shall not issue until after such
application is finally determined._

(3) Any party wishing to issue execution on a judgment registered under the
[Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264)] or
[Reciprocal Enforcement of Foreign Judgments Act (Cap 265)] must produce to
the Sheriff an affidavit of service of the notice of registration of the
judgment and any order made by the Court in relation to the judgment.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

5 The Judge answered in the negative and an appeal was brought against this
decision. We dismissed the appeal and now give the detailed grounds for our
decision.

The proceedings below

6 The Appellant is an investment holding company incorporated in the Republic
of Indonesia. In 1996, it underwrote US$50m worth of guaranteed notes issued
by one of its subsidiaries. When the subsidiary was unable to make good on
those notes at maturity, the Appellant entered into a composition plan with
the creditors which was ratified by the courts in Jakarta. On 16 November
2009, the Respondent purchased US$2m of the distressed notes from a prior
holder and commenced proceedings on the Appellant’s guarantee on 14 December
2009 in the Commercial Court of England and Wales. Judgment was entered in the
Respondent’s favour on 17 February 2011 for the sum of US$2m with interest to
be assessed. Default costs totalling £205,327.98 were also awarded on 10 June
2011. These two orders are collectively referred to herein as “the UK
Judgment”.

7 The UK Judgment was registered as a judgment of the High Court of Singapore
pursuant to s 3 of the Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act
(Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed) (“RECJA”) on 18 July 2011 (“the Registration Order”).
Following from this, the Respondent obtained an order to examine one Robertus
Bismarka Kurniawan (“Mr Kurniawan”), the former Chairman of the Appellant’s
Supervisory Board, as to the Appellant’s assets (“the EJD Order”). On 31
August 2012, the Appellant applied to set aside both the Registration Order
and the EJD Order (“the Setting Aside proceedings”).

8 The present appeal arose from the Appellant’s request for the examination of
Mr Kurniawan to be adjourned until the Setting Aside proceedings were finally
disposed of by the Court of Appeal. On 21 November 2012, the assistant
registrar (“AR”) dismissed the Appellant’s application for the examination to
be adjourned. On 17 December 2012, the Appellant’s appeal against the AR’s
decision was dismissed by the Judge below. The GD was issued on 20 January
2013.

The issues

9 The Appellant appealed against the GD which dealt with the following issues:

(a) Whether an EJD comes within the meaning of the word “execution” for the
purposes of O 67 r 10(2) (“Issue 1”)?

(b) Whether an application to set aside a registration of a foreign judgment
registered under the RECJA is considered “finally determined” for the purposes
of O 67 r 10(2) if the application is pending hearing before the Court of
Appeal (“Issue 2”).

10 The main issue was Issue 1. Indeed, in the court below, as the Judge had
resolved that particular issue in the Respondent’s favour, his decision on
Issue 2 (as he acknowledged in the GD at [33]) was, strictly speaking, _obiter
dicta_.

11 Before proceeding to consider each of the issues _seriatim_ , it is
important – for reasons which will become apparent in a moment – to consider a
preliminary procedural point.

A preliminary procedural point

12 There was a preliminary procedural point which, as we shall see, was of
crucial importance. This arose from the Respondent’s submission to this court
that the Appellant’s appeal in the present case required leave from the Judge
and that, in the circumstances, as no leave had in fact been obtained, the
notice of appeal must be struck out. Whether the Respondent’s submission
succeeded depended on whether the application to adjourn the EJD was an
“interlocutory application”. Paragraph (_e_) of the Fifth Schedule to the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) provides that:

Except with the leave of a Judge, no appeal shall be brought to the Court of
Appeal in any of the following cases:

…

(_e_) where a Judge makes an order at the hearing of any _interlocutory
application_ other than an application for any of the following matters:

(i) for summary judgment;

(ii) to set aside a default judgment;

(iii) to strike out an action or a matter commenced by a writ of summons or by
any other originating process, a pleading or a part of a pleading;

(iv) to dismiss an action or a matter commenced by a writ of summons or by any
other originating process;

(v) for further and better particulars;

(vi) for leave to amend a pleading;

(vii) for security for costs;

(viii) for discovery or inspection of documents;

(ix) for interrogatories to be varied or withdrawn, or for leave to serve
interrogatories;

(x) for a stay of proceedings.

[emphasis added]

13 The Respondent’s argument in this particular regard was a straightforward
one: the Appellant had applied only for an _adjournment_ of the EJD which had
been granted in favour of the Respondent and the Appellant’s substantive
argument against the EJD Order was, _inter alia_ , the subject of a separate
appeal before this court as part of the Setting Aside proceedings (which
appeal was, in fact, also recently dismissed without any written grounds in
Civil Appeal No 145 of 2012). In the circumstances, the Respondent argued that
the dismissal of the application for an adjournment was an order made at the
hearing of an interlocutory application – for which leave to appeal was
required but not obtained. We found much force in this argument, having regard
not only to the Judge’s own view in this case (see the GD at [1] and [7]) but
also to the Setting Aside proceedings just mentioned. Indeed, it did not make
sense that the Appellant would mount a similar (and substantive) attack on the
EJD Order in two simultaneous sets of proceedings. It was then clear, in our
view, that the application before the Judge was an interlocutory application
which did not finally determine (as to which see the decisions of this court
in _Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 525
at [12]–[15] and _Dorsey James Michael v World Sport Group Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3
SLR 354 (“ _Dorsey James Michael_ ”) at [90] (the latter commenting on this
court’s decision of _OpenNet Pte Ltd v Info-Communications Development
Authority of Singapore_ [2013] 2 SLR 880 (“ _OpenNet Pte Ltd_ ”))) any of the
Appellant’s claims under the Setting Aside proceedings. As such the notice of
appeal in the present case ought to have been struck out and the Appellant’s
appeal had to fail on this ground alone. However, as detailed arguments in
both written and oral forms were presented to us and as the legal issues in
question (in particular Issue 1) were significant ones, we will nevertheless
proceed to address them accordingly.

Our decision

Issue 1

The crux of our decision

14 A point of some importance, in our view, was in fact referred to briefly by
the Judge (see the GD at [31], also quoted below at [25]): that the
application for an EJD order, whilst implemented via O 48 of the Rules, is not
mentioned in O 45 of the Rules which is a general rule setting out the various
modes by which a judgment or order for the payment of money may be _enforced_.
In so far as a judgment or order for the payment of money (_not_ being a
judgment or order for payment of money _into Court_) is concerned, O 45 r 1(1)
refers to the following modes of execution: writ of seizure and sale,
garnishee proceedings, the appointment of a receiver as well as (where O 45 r
5 applies) an order of committal. And, in so far as a judgment or order for
the payment of money _into Court_ is concerned, O 45 r 1(2) refers to the
following modes of execution: the appointment of a receiver and (where O 45 r
5 applies) an order of committal. Like the application for an EJD order
(which, as mentioned, is implemented via O 48), all these various modes of
execution are also elaborated upon in separate orders in the Rules themselves.
_However_ , as already mentioned, it is significant, in our view, that _an
EJD_ order is _not_ included within the specific modes of execution mentioned
in O 45 r 1(1)–(2). The reason for this is clear from _the nature and
functions_ of an _EJD_ itself.

15 Indeed, in Form 99 of the Rules (relating to the affidavit in support of an
application for an EJD order), it is stated at para 3 that the application is
“[i]n order to enable the plaintiff to decide upon _the methods to employ to
enforce_ the said judgment” [emphasis added]. Indeed, as Prof Jeffrey Pinsler
points out in his leading treatise on civil procedure in Singapore, _Singapore
Court Practice 2009_ (LexisNexis, 2009), at para 48/1/1:

The rules provide a process for the examination of the judgment debtor so that
information as to his means may be obtained _for the purpose of_**
_determining the appropriate mode of enforcement_**. (In _Re Sassoon Ezekiel_
[1933] MLJ 245, at 246, the process was said to be ‘** _discovery in aid of
execution_** ’.). … The official process of examination is _useful because it
may_** _confirm and supplement_** _any existing_** _information_** _which the
judgment creditor might have by allowing him to_** _obtain additional or new
information_** _which may be available_** _in aid of enforcement_**. [emphasis
added in italics and bold italics]

16 It is clear, in our view, that an EJD order is _not – in and of itself –_ a
_mode of execution_ of a judgment. It is intended to aid the judgment creditor
(here, the Respondent) in garnering additional _information_ which might – or
might not – result in the implementation of actual _execution_ of the judgment
concerned (see also the decision of the English Chancery Division reported in
_Republic of Costa Rica v Strousberg_ (1880) 16 Ch D 8 (“ _Costa Rica v
Strousberg_ ”) at 10, _per_ Malins VC, which was overturned on appeal but not
on this point; the GD at [26]–[30], citing the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Fagot v Gaches_ [1943] 1 KB 10; the Singapore High Court decision
of _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Thye Nam Loong (S) Pte Ltd_ [1994] SGHC 262; as
well as the Straits Settlements (Singapore) decision of _Re Sassoon Ezekiel_
[1933] MLJ 245 (the last-mentioned decision which was in fact cited by Prof
Pinsler (see above at [15]))). In other words, an EJD order does not _effect_
the judgment of the court but it may render that judgment more _effective_. It
is also worth noting that in the UK, the EJD order is provided for under Part
71 of the Civil Procedure Rules 1998 (SI 1998 No 3132) (UK), the preamble to
which states that it contains “rules which provide for a judgment debtor to be
required to attend court to provide information, _for the purpose of_**
_enabling_** _a judgment creditor to enforce a judgment or order against him_
” [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]. Further, such an order can be
obtained even where the enforcement of the judgment has been stayed (see
_Civil Procedure_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 2013) at para 71.2.8 citing the
English High Court decision of _Sucden Financial Ltd v Fluxo-Cane Overseas
Ltd_ [2009] EWHC 3555 (QB), 4 December 2009, unreported).

17 In the circumstances, an EJD is _quite different from_ the _bankruptcy
notice_ which was the focus of the Singapore High Court decision of _Re Cheah
Theam Swee, ex parte Equiticorp Finance Group Ltd and another_ [1996] 1 SLR(R)
24 (“ _Cheah Theam Swee_ ”), wherein it was held that a bankruptcy notice did
fall within the meaning of “execution” under s 3(3)(_b_) of the RECJA, which
provides that:

(_b_) the registering court shall have the same control and jurisdiction over
the judgment as it has over similar judgments given by itself, but _in so far
only as relates to execution under this section_ ; [emphasis added]

18 Indeed, _unlike_ an EJD, a bankruptcy notice is the first legal step
towards the _enforcement_ of the judgment itself by way of a securing of the
judgment debtor’s assets; viewed in this light, it is not unlike the modes of
enforcement already referred to above at [14] (for example, a writ of seizure
and sale as well as garnishee proceedings). Whilst, however, it is true that a
bankruptcy notice would entail more than what is involved when the traditional
modes of execution are concerned, this does not detract from the fact that the
issuance of a bankruptcy notice _includes_ the _same_ purpose as the
traditional modes of execution. This is a critical distinction, especially
since the Appellant had relied almost solely on _Cheah Theam Swee_ in
attempting to make out its case in the context of the present appeal. Whilst
it could be argued that an EJD might also lead ultimately to a securing of the
judgment debtor’s assets, this is _not_ its _predominant_ purpose which is (as
we have just noted) the garnering of additional _information_ and which is, in
our view, _one prior step removed_ when compared to the issuance of a
bankruptcy notice. Looked at in this light, it is our view that there is in
fact a real distinction between an EJD on the one hand and the issuance of a
bankruptcy notice on the other.

19 This is also borne out by the historical development of the two orders. The
direct ancestry of the EJD procedure can be traced to s 60 of the Common Law
Procedure Act 1854 (17 & 18 Vict c 125) (UK), which provided that a judgment
creditor could apply to the court for an order that the judgment debtor be
orally examined in relation to any debts owing. Prior to this, the oral
examination of the judgment debtor did not appear to be part of the procedure
of either the common law or chancery courts (see _Costa Rica v Strousberg_ at
9, _per_ Malins VC). However, a similar order was available in the Court of
Bankruptcy established by the Bankruptcy Court (England) Act 1831 (1 & 2 Will
IV c 56) (UK). In the 18th century, imprisonment for debt was a common means
of enforcement against judgment debtors (on which see William Cornish _et al_
, _The Oxford History of the Laws of England_ vol 12 (Oxford University Press,
2010) at pp 797–803). The hardship of such an enforcement mechanism prompted
numerous reforms, including the passage of the Execution Act 1844 (7 & 8 Vic c
96) (UK) which allowed judgment debtors to file a Petition for Protection from
Process so as to prevent his committal or continued detention. Section 5 of
the Act gave the Commissioner of the Court of Bankruptcy a broad power to
compel the attendance of the petitioner (and also _inter alia_ his wife,
creditors, and any other person in possession of the petitioner’s property) to
be examined regarding his person, trade, business, calling, dealings or
property in this connection. It would therefore appear that a variant of this
procedure was adopted into the wider apparatus of the common law courts in
1854. Subsequently, in the Debtors Act 1869 (32 & 33 Vic c 62) (UK), it was
provided that imprisonment for debt could only be imposed if it could be shown
that the judgment debtor had the means to pay but refused or neglected to do
so. Section 5(2) of that Act provided for the examination of the judgment
debtor on oath for this purpose. Indeed, our present Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20,
2009 Rev Ed) also provides for the examination of the bankrupt under s 83(1),
in relation to which the EJD procedure under O 48 of the Rules can be
considered a distant cousin. Thus it can be seen that the modern day EJD
procedure has its origins as an _ancillary_ process to bankruptcy proceedings
whereby an EJD has always been both instrumental and anterior to execution.

20 However, in fairness to the Appellant, this is not the end of the matter in
so far as this appeal is concerned because it could be argued that the
analysis just set out is consistent with a _narrow_ reading of the word
“execution” in O 67 r 10(2), whereas the approach Warren L H Khoo J adopted in
_Cheah Theam Swee_ constituted a _broad_ reading of the same word (albeit in
the context of s 3(3) of the RECJA). The learned judge’s reasoning in this
regard was as follows (at [20]–[26]):

20 What then is the effect of [s 3(3)(_b_) of the RECJA], where it is provided
that the registering court has the same control and jurisdiction over the
registered judgment as it has over its own judgments, “but in so far only as
relates to the execution under this section”?

21 As pointed out by the learned editors of _Halsbury's Laws of England_ vol
17 (Butterworths, 4th Ed) at para 401, the word “execution” can mean one of
two things. In its wide sense, it signifies the enforcement of or giving
effect to the judgments or orders of courts of justice. In its narrower sense,
it means the enforcement of those judgments or orders by a public officer
under the various modes of execution provided by rules of court, such as writs
of _fi fa_ , possession, delivery.

22 It seems to me that in the context of s 3 of the Act and the Act as a
whole, it is more than likely that the word “execution” in para (_b_) [of s
3(3) of the RECJA] has the wider meaning, rather than the narrower. Since the
Act, or s 3, does not refer to the various modes of execution of a registered
judgment, it is difficult to construe the words “execution under this section”
as meaning execution in the narrower sense.

23 It appears to me that para (_b_) [of s 3(3) of the RECJA] can easily be
read _as merely intending to enact the rule that a defendant who desires to
impeach the original judgment must do so in the originating court, and not in
the registering court._ This impression is reinforced by the existence of the
provisions in the previous two subsections of the Act. Firstly, under sub-s
(1), the registering court has to satisfy itself that it is just and
convenient that the judgment should be enforced in Singapore. Secondly, it is
provided that a judgment should not be registered if any of the circumstances
set out in sub-s (2) applies. _The purpose of para (b) of sub-s (3), it seems
to me, is that once a judgment has passed the hurdles set out in sub-ss (1)
and (2), and has been registered, it_** _must be given effect according to its
terms_** _. No proceedings to impeach its validity are to be allowed. In other
words the judgment debtor is not permitted to go behind the judgment any
more._

24 Paragraph (_b_) [of s 3(3) of the RECJA] _gives the registering court the
same control and jurisdiction over the registered judgment as if it was a
judgment of its own_. **_Without the words “but in so far as relates to the
execution under this section”, it might be open to the judgment debtor to
argue that the registering court has the jurisdiction to entertain proceedings
to impeach the registered judgment, on ground such as that the original court
had made a mistake of fact or of law. The purpose of adding this qualification
in para (b), it seems to me, is to forestall this possibility, so that once
the judgment has passed the hurdle set out in sub-ss (1) and (2), it is to be
treated as final and conclusive. If the judgment debtor wishes to challenge it
on any ground not set out in those subsections, he has to go before the
originating court, and not the registering court. In other words, the
intention of para (b) of sub-s (3) is to confer a jurisdiction on the
registering court to carry out the terms of the registered judgment, once it
has been registered, and to entertain all proceedings to that end, but not
proceedings seeking to go back on the judgment._**

25 It follows that when considering the question whether bankruptcy
proceedings may be taken on a registered judgment on the strength of sub-s (3)
[of s 3 of the RECJA], the question to be asked is not whether such
proceedings are a form of “execution” in the sense, for example, that a writ
of seizure and sale is a form of execution. _The relevant question, rather, is
whether they are proceedings properly taken on the registered judgment as a
final and conclusive judgment, as opposed to proceedings seeking to impeach
the existence or validity of the judgment._

26 For these reasons, I would hold that on a proper construction of these
provisions of the Act a bankruptcy notice can be founded upon a judgment
registered under the Act.

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

21 With respect, we are of the view that the judge in _Cheah Theam Swee_ ,
whilst correct in adopting a broad reading of the word “execution” in s
3(3)(_b_) of the RECJA, had stated that reading rather _too_ broadly.
Consistent with the analysis set out above (at [16]–[18]), the _predominant
purpose_ of the proceedings concerned must be to _ultimately_ achieve what the
more traditional forms of execution mentioned in O 45 r 1(1)–(2) of the Rules
(referred to above at [14]) would accomplish. This is not, in fact,
inconsistent with Khoo J’s own conclusion (_Cheah Theam Swee_ at [24],
extracted in the preceding paragraph) to the effect that s 3(3)(_b_) of the
RECJA was “to confer a jurisdiction on the registering court _to carry out the
terms of the registered judgment_ , once it has been registered, _and to
entertain all proceedings to that end_ , but not proceedings seeking to go
back on the judgment” [emphasis added]. Put simply, the phrase “all
proceedings” _must have, as the final objective, the enforcement_ of the
judgment concerned in the so-called _narrower_ sense. Even allowing for the
fact that certain proceedings _might_ involve _other_ matters, it is, in our
view, clear that, at the very least, the _predominant purpose_ of such
proceedings must be to _ultimately_ give effect to the _enforcement_ of the
judgment in the _narrower_ sense which is encompassed within the more
traditional modes of execution referred to above.

22 If the less radical approach (from predominant purpose) set out in the
preceding paragraph had been adopted by Khoo J in _Cheah Theam Swee_ , the
_same_ result would have been arrived at by the court, albeit without the use
of the much broader approach which the learned judge utilised in that case and
which stretched unduly (or even, with respect, distorted) the meaning of
“execution”. However, as just alluded to, we agree with Khoo J to the extent
that, given the nature and function of not only the RECJA but also the
Reciprocal Enforcement of Foreign Judgments Act (Cap 265, 2001 Rev Ed)
(“REFJA”) as well as O 67 r 10(2), a _slightly_ broader reading of “execution”
in the manner just described would be appropriate. The need for a slightly
broader reading is, in fact, buttressed by the reasoning of Lai Kew Chai J in
the Singapore High Court decision of _Re Tan Patrick, ex parte Walter Peak
Resorts Ltd (in receivership)_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 379 (“ _Re Patrick Tan_ ”)
where the learned judge had to consider the same issue (_viz_ , whether a
bankruptcy notice fell within the purview of the word “execution” in s 3(3) of
the RECJA). In this regard, Lai J was of the view that the use of the more
general word “proceedings” in s 4(2)(_b_) of the old Reciprocal Enforcement of
Foreign Judgments Act (Cap 265, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the old REFJA”) (now s
4(4)(_b_) of the REFJA) (which _would_ cover a bankruptcy notice) was to be
read with s 4(2)(_d_) (now s 4(4)(_d_) of the REFJA) of the same Act, in which
the phrase “so far as only as relates to execution” in s 3(3)(_b_) of _the
RECJA_ had been omitted. The learned judge arrived, in the circumstances, at
the conclusion (at [14]) that there was nothing in s 4(2) of _the old REFJA_
“which limits the jurisdiction of the courts over foreign judgments registered
under the REFJA to matters relating to execution”. Lai J then proceeded to
observe thus (at [16]):

Although structured differently, the relevant provisions of the REFJA and the
RECJA are couched in similar enough terms to make it clear that the two Acts
_were meant to_** _complement_** _one another_. **_That being so and for the
sake of consistency, it is necessary to bring the two Acts in line with each
other. Given that s 4 of the REFJA cannot be interpreted to exclude the issue
of a notice of bankruptcy from the jurisdiction of the registering court, it
follows that the jurisdiction of the courts under the RECJA ought not to be
restricted to strict matters of execution._** For this reason, I was of the
view that we should not follow the cases of _In re Watson_ and _In re A
Bankruptcy Notice_ ... In my view, therefore, s 3(3)(_b_) [of the RECJA] ought
not to limit the otherwise general operation of s 3(3)(_a_) [of the RECJA].
Quite clearly, para (_a_) contemplates bankruptcy proceedings and if para
(_b_) is read independently of para (_a_), then there is no reason why it
should operate to limit the scope of para (_a_). [emphasis added in italics
and bold italics]

Although Lai J utilised the above reasoning in arriving at his conclusion that
a bankruptcy notice fell within the purview of s 3(3)(_b_) of the RECJA, we
are respectfully of the view that, whilst such reasoning is helpful in the
manner just outlined, it cannot – in and of itself – constitute the main (let
alone sole) reason for the conclusion just mentioned.

23 Returning to the issue at hand, although a _slightly broader_ reading of
the word “execution” in s 3(3)(_b_) of the RECJA is necessary (albeit not as
broad as that suggested by Khoo J in _Cheah Theam Swee_), a _balanced_
approach is nevertheless imperative and, to this end, the criterion ought, in
our view (and for the reasons set out above), to be that centring on the
predominant purpose of the proceedings concerned. Looked at in this light, it
is clear that an EJD clearly does _not_ fall within the ambit of “execution”
as the _predominant purpose_ of such proceedings is the garnering of
additional _information_ which might – or might not – result in the
implementation of actual _execution_ of the judgment concerned (see also above
at [16]). In the circumstances, therefore, it follows that the word
“execution” does _not_ include an EJD for the purposes of O 67 r 10(2).

24 However, in fairness to Khoo J in _Cheah Theam Swee_ , to the extent that a
bankruptcy notice does _not_ lead _immediately_ to the enforcement of the
judgment concerned, it could be said that regarding a bankruptcy notice as
falling within the ambit of “execution” is a “broader” reading of sorts. That
having been said, as already explained above (at [17]), the situation in which
a bankruptcy notice is issued is still _quite distinct from_ an EJD which is
_(at best) much more distantly related to “execution” as it is traditionally
conceived_. However, this “distant” relationship is not wholly irrelevant and
might yet raise an alternative argument for the actual approach adopted by
Khoo J in _Cheah Theam Swee_. And it is to a consideration of that possible
alternative argument that our attention must now turn.

A more literal interpretation?

25 As alluded to at the outset of these grounds of decision, there remain
(further) problems of _language_ with regard to the word “execution”.
Notwithstanding the analysis which we have just proffered, we do note that –
from a strict linguistic (or perhaps, more appropriately, literal) perspective
– it might also be (and has been) argued that the word “execution” might
include any step taken pursuant to actual execution of the judgment concerned.
Indeed, the Judge was alive to this possibility in the court below, but
concluded thus (see the GD at [31]–[32]):

31 It is true that an EJD can only be ordered once judgment has been obtained
by the judgment creditor. **_In that sense_** , an EJD **_is a step_** taken
towards the enforcement of a judgment because it is a post-judgment proceeding
that furthers the successful plaintiff’s interest in obtaining the fruits of
his judgment. **_Yet, the proposition that an EJD is a thing apart from the
typical forms of execution is supported by the structure of the Rules. Order
45, which deals with the methods of enforcing judgments, refers to various
writs of execution, garnishee proceedings, the appointment of a receiver and
an order of committal as means by which a judgment can be enforced. In this
regard, the application for an EJD is notably absent from O 45 and is instead
found in O 48._**

32 On this basis, even if “execution” should take on the wide meaning, then
**_unless_** it is construed in its _loosest_ sense to include _any step_
taken towards the enforcement of a judgment, I am of the view, having regard
to the nature of an EJD, that it would still not fall within “execution” in O
67 r 10(2).

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics and
underlined bold italics]

26 Hence, the Judge arrived at the conclusion that this (literal) reading
ought to be rejected by referring – as has this court – to the rather
_different_ nature of an EJD, compared to procedures which, in point of fact,
effect actual execution of the judgment concerned. We would only add that the
rejection of this (literal) reading is buttressed by a _purposive_ reading of
O 67 r 10(2) as well. It is, of course, true that, depending on the precise
legislation (or part thereof) in question, the literal language could well
_coincide_ with the purpose of the same. _However_ , where there is a conflict
between the literal language on the one hand and the purpose of the
legislation (or part thereof) on the other, it is clear that the latter must
prevail (and see, for example, s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev
Ed); the seminal Singapore High Court decision of _PP v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4
SLR(R) 183 at [39]–[57]; as well as the recent decisions of this court in
_OpenNet Pte Ltd_ , especially at [15] and _Dorsey James Michael_ at
[16]–[20]).

The purposive interpretation trumps the literal interpretation

27 Turning then to broader considerations which are consistent with a
purposive approach towards O 67 r 10(2), it is clear, in our view, that the
predominant purpose of “execution” in this rule must (as we have explained
above) have, as its _ultimate_ objective, _the execution of the judgment
concerned in its traditional sense. Only then would the purpose of not only O
67 r 10(2) but also the RECJA and the REFJA be fulfilled. Any other
interpretation would result in a failure of substantive purpose inasmuch as
both the RECJA and the REFJA are intended to give effect to the foreign
judgment concerned and this can only be accomplished by the Singapore court
not (as Khoo J emphasised in_ Cheah Theam Swee _) by re-opening the
substantive merits of that judgment but, rather, by proceedings which will
lead to actual execution of the judgment itself._ Indeed, we would add that,
even allowing for the delay incurred by the judgment creditor (the Respondent
in the present appeal) if an EJD is postponed until a setting aside
application is finally determined, there is also the prospect of judicial time
and court resources being wasted if it transpires upon examination that the
judgment debtor is a man of straw. Conversely, if the judgment creditor were
permitted to examine the judgment debtor during the pendency of the setting
aside proceedings, it might elect not to contest those proceedings if it
becomes apparent that there are no worthwhile assets for execution in
Singapore. From an institutional perspective, therefore, it is clear that the
early conduct of an EJD would be preferable. However, it should be noted that
there are some loose ends to be tied up.

Some loose ends

28 At this juncture, we have some comments on the Judge’s observation that the
Appellant had “used the wrong starting point” inasmuch as it (the Appellant)
ought to have compared O 67 r 10(2) with s 4(5) of the REFJA instead as the
former had “[adopted] the wording” of the latter (see the GD at [21]). The
following (and further) observations by the Judge (at [20]–[22]), which will
figure in the analysis that follows, might also be usefully set out at this
point:

20 [Counsel for the Appellant] submitted that O 67 must be consistent with and
facilitative of its empowering statute (_ie_ , the RECJA) and therefore the
meaning of “execution” in O 67 r 10(2) must have the same meaning as
“execution” in the RECJA (as interpreted by _Re Cheah Theam Swee_). For this
submission, he relied on Warren Khoo J’s dicta (at [22]):

Since [RECJA], or s 3 [RECJA], does not refer to the various modes of
execution of a registered judgment, it is difficult to construe the words
‘execution under this section’ as meaning execution in the narrower sense.

21 However, [counsel for the Appellant’s] argument appears to have used the
wrong starting point. Even if his argument is accepted in principle, given
that O 67 r 10 adopts the wording of s 4(5) of the REFJA (see [19] above), the
analysis should perhaps have started with the meaning of “execution” in the
REFJA and not the RECJA.

22 It seems clear from _Patrick Tan_ that s 4(4) of the REFJA, like s 3(3) of
the RECJA, deals with the _scope_ of the Singapore court’s jurisdiction over a
foreign judgment, as opposed to purely procedural matters, which is what s
4(5) of the RECJA (and correspondingly, O 67 r 10) deals with. It is therefore
not necessarily the case that “execution’ should bear the same meaning in s
4(5) of the REFJA and in O 67 r 10.

29 The Judge was of the view that the meaning of the word “execution” should
have been analysed by reference to _the REFJA instead of the RECJA_ (see the
GD at [20]). Adopting such an approach, he was of the further view (citing _Re
Patrick Tan_) that s 4(5) of the REFJA (and, correspondingly, O 67 r 10(2))
dealt with “purely procedural matters” (see the GD at [22]) – whereas s 3(3)
of the RECJA (which was, it will be recalled, interpreted in _Cheah Theam
Swee_) and s 4(4) of the REFJA dealt with “the _scope_ of the Singapore
court’s jurisdiction over a foreign judgment” [emphasis in original] (see
_ibid_). The Judge then reasoned that, because of the distinction just
mentioned, the word “execution” in s 4(5) of the REFJA (and, correspondingly,
in O 67 r 10(2)) would not necessarily bear the same meaning as that in s 3(3)
of the RECJA (which, it will be recalled, was given a _broad_ reading by Khoo
J in _Cheah Theam Swee_).

30 He then proceeded (see the GD at [24]) to demonstrate that whilst s
4(4)(_d_) referred to “execution”, s 4(4)(_b_) of the REFJA referred to
“proceedings” and that in _Re Patrick Tan_ , Lai J had (as noted above at
[22]) held that the word “proceedings” in what is now s 4(4)(_b_) of the REFJA
“encompasses bankruptcy proceedings”. The Judge then proceeded to observe as
follows (see _ibid_):

24 … Clearly, such an interpretation of “proceedings” is broad enough to cover
an EJD as well. The question then is this: in the light of the broad
construction of “proceedings” in s 4(4) of the REFJA, was it still necessary
to construe the word “execution” in s 4(4) of the REFJA widely in order to
demarcate the boundaries of the court's jurisdiction in relation to foreign
judgments registered under the REFJA? It would seem, therefore, that unlike
the case of s 3(3)(_b_) of the RECJA, nothing in the plain language of s 4(2)
of the REFJA requires “execution” to have a wide meaning in order to give
effect to the legislative intention of the REFJA.

31 We would respectfully note that there is no reason in principle why, even
in s 4(4) of the REFJA, the word “execution” should not be construed in a
somewhat broader sense (as explained above at [21]–[23]).

32 We also note the following observations by the Judge in the court below
(see the GD at [25]):

25 One must also have sufficient regard for the context in which “execution”
is used in O 67 r 10 (and correspondingly in s 4(4) of the REFJA), _ie_ , the
words “execution ... shall not issue”. On a plain and natural reading of the
provision, the word “issue” in relation to “execution” is likely to be
shorthand for the issuing of a writ of execution or such other enforcement
procedures which have similar consequences for the judgment debtor as a writ
of execution. If so, this lends itself to the narrow construction of
“execution” and an EJD (the nature of which is discussed below) would not fall
within this narrow meaning.

33 With respect, the observations set out in the preceding paragraph – to a
large extent – _assume what precisely needs to be proved_. In our view, that
proof finds its source in ascertaining (as we have above at [21]–[23]) _the
precise nature and function of “execution” which, as we have sought to
demonstrate, admits of only one clear approach and which therefore excludes an
EJD in the context of, inter alia, O 67 r 10(2). It is also significant that
the Judge, again in the observations set out in the preceding paragraph,
refers (in the final sentence) to the nature of an EJD, which is the central
topic of the next part of his judgment and which centres precisely around the
nature and function of “execution” itself._ Put simply, both sets of
observations by the Judge (quoted above at [28] and [32]) are, with great
respect, unpersuasive and disregarding them does not detract – in any way –
from the Judge’s own analysis and (more importantly) conclusion to the effect
that the word “execution” does _not_ include an EJD for the purposes of O 67 r
10(2) (see the GD at [26]–[32]). Indeed, we are in total agreement with the
Judge to the extent that he relies, in the main at least, on the nature and
function of “execution” as explored in its legislative context (see _ibid_) as
it is consistent with our own analysis above (at [21]–[23]).

No prejudice to the judgment debtor

34 The (more general) issue remains as to whether undue prejudice to the
judgment debtor (here, the Appellant) would ensue if the approach set out
above is adopted. This issue is not an unimportant one since it brings into
focus the question of _fairness_ to the judgment debtor as the Judge’s
conclusion on Issue 1 has been affirmed. In our view, there would be no such
prejudice because the judgment debtor would always be free to apply to the
court for _a stay_ of the EJD.

Conclusion

35 It is clear, therefore, that, based on logic and principle as well as a
purposive approach, the word “execution” (as demonstrated in our analysis of
Issue 1) does _not_ include an EJD for the purposes of O 67 r 10(2), and we
therefore found in favour of the Respondent in so far as Issue 1 was
concerned.

Issue 2

36 As in the court below, in the light of our decision on Issue 1 above, it
was unnecessary to decide Issue 2. This was particularly the case because the
Appellant had – correctly, in our view – focused on Issue 1. It also seems to
us that a definitive ruling with regard to this particular issue would be more
appropriate in a later case, although we would observe that the Judge’s
reasoning and conclusion on this issue (see the GD at [33]–[44]) seem to us to
be quite persuasive.

Conclusion

37 For the reasons set out above, we dismissed the appeal with costs of
$25,000 (including disbursements) to be awarded to the Respondent, and the
usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Sep 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

