Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Victorine Noella Wijeysingha  
[2013] SGHC 63

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 87 of 2012 (DAC No 60801-60803 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 March 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Navin S. Thevar (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
appellant; Peter Keith Fernando (Leo Fernando) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Victorine Noella Wijeysingha  
  
19 March 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The respondent Victorine Noella Wijeysingha was acquitted of three charges
under s 6(a) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed)
(“POCA”) of corruptly obtaining gratification from one Tan Kok Keong (“Tan”),
the managing director of Kok Keong Landscape Pte Ltd (“KKL”), as an inducement
for showing favour to KKL in relation to her principal’s affairs by being
lenient in the supervision of contractual works performed by KKL and by
assisting KKL in avoiding any delay in the completion of its works. The Public
Prosecutor (“PP”) appealed against the acquittal on all three charges.

2 The three charges against the respondent involved the sums of $1,500, $1,000
and $1,500 that the respondent had received from Tan on three occasions in
November 2008, January 2009 and March 2009 respectively when she was acting as
a Resident Technical Officer (Landscape) (“RTO”) for landscaping works along
Orchard Road carried out by the Singapore Tourism Board (“STB”). The STB’s
landscaping works were contracted to one Expand Construction Pte Ltd
(“Expand”) and the softscaping works were further subcontracted to TKK. The
STB also engaged one Arborculture Pte Ltd (“Arborculture”) to provide arborist
services, and the appellant was subsequently appointed by Arborculture as the
RTO on a subcontract basis. Under the contract between the STB and
Arborculture, the respondent was responsible for inspecting and certifying
TKK’s works for compliance with the relevant contractual specifications and
reporting to the STB, National Parks (“NParks”) and architects of the overall
project. The Prosecution’s case at trial was that the respondent had been
overly strict in her supervision of the works and was in a position to cause
delays to TKK’s completion of the contractual works. Sometime in November
2008, the respondent allegedly told Tan that she could help to “take care” of
the job and requested Tan to “cover” her. Tan agreed to “cover” her by making
payments of $1,500 a month. These payments were therefore purportedly
solicited from Tan by the respondent for the purpose of inducing her to be
lenient in her supervision. The respondent did not dispute receiving the
payments, but claimed that Tan had made the payments for additional services
that she had provided to TKK prior to her appointment as the RTO. The District
Judge held that the Prosecution had failed to prove beyond reasonable doubt
that the respondent had corruptly intended to solicit and accept payments from
Tan as inducements for her to exercise leniency in her supervision.

3 Before me, the Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) submitted that the court’s
primary inquiry under s 6(a) should be the recipient’s state of mind. The
District Judge had therefore misdirected herself in law by placing undue
weight on Tan’s evidence on whether he had intended the payments to be made
for the purpose of inducing the respondent to show leniency in her supervision
and approval of the contractual works, and by failing to accord sufficient
weight to other evidence that indicated the respondent’s belief that the
payments had been made for such purpose. The DPP further relied on s 9(1) of
the POCA, which provides as follows:

**9**.—(1) Where in any proceedings against any agent for any offence under
section 6(a), _it is proved that he corruptly accepted, obtained or agreed to
accept or attempted to obtain any gratification, having reason to believe or
suspect that the gratification was offered as an inducement or reward_ for his
doing of forbearing to do any act or for showing or forbearing to show any
favour or disfavour to any person in relation to his principal’s affairs or
business, _he shall be guilty of an offence under that section notwithstanding
that he did not have the power, right or opportunity to do so_ , show or
forbear or that he accepted the gratification _without intending to do so_ ,
show or forbear or _that he did not in fact do so_ , show or forbear or that
the act, favour or disfavour was not in relation to his principal’s affairs or
business.

[emphasis added]

The DPP contended that s 9(1) sets out the legal position that a charge is
made out under s 6(a) once the Prosecution proves that the accused received
gratification believing or suspecting that the gratification was an inducement
for him or her to show favour to another in relation to the principal’s
business, notwithstanding whether the accused actually could do so or did so.

4 Section 6(a) is concerned with corrupt bargains – there must be an
objectively corrupt element in the transaction and guilty knowledge on the
part of the recipient in accepting the gratification: _Kwang Boon Keong Peter
v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 211 at [32]. I agree with the submissions
of the DPP that the focus of s 6(a) is on whether the accused accepted the
gratification as an inducement knowing or believing it to be for a corrupt
purpose, but the onus in every case is on the Prosecution to prove this _mens
rea_ element beyond reasonable doubt. The relevant intention of the accused
may be inferred from all the surrounding circumstances, including the facts
relating to whether the person offering the gratification could and would have
subjectively intended to offer an inducement, whether both parties believed
that the object of the inducement could be carried out, and whether the object
was in fact carried out. The subjective intention of the accused in accepting
or obtaining the gratification need not, and in many cases, cannot, be
assessed in isolation. Section 9(1) does not qualify the requisite elements in
s 6(a) and the requirement that guilty knowledge must be proven by the
Prosecution; this section provides that the guilty knowledge is directed
towards the acceptance of the corrupt bargain and that an offence under s 6(a)
does not require the actual or intended performance of the purpose of the
corrupt bargain. Section 9(1) therefore applies after the elements of the s
6(a) offence have been _prima facie_ satisfied, and does not limit the scope
of the court’s inquiry in s 6(a) in relation to the inferences that may be
drawn from all the relevant facts.

5 Turning to the merits of the appeal, there is, in my judgment, no basis for
me to interfere with the decision of the District Judge. I do not agree with
the DPP’s argument that the District Judge had misdirected herself in law by
considering the corrupt intent underlying the payments from Tan’s perspective.
The three charges against the respondent were framed in the following precise
terms:

You...did corruptly accept for yourself a gratification… as an inducement for
showing favour to KKL in relation to your principal’s affairs, to wit, _by
being lenient in your supervision of the work performed by KKL and by
assisting KKL in avoiding any delay in the completion of its works_ and you
have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 6(a) of the
Prevention of Corruption Act, Cap. 241.

[emphasis added]

The District Judge therefore proceeded on the narrow basis that the
Prosecution’s theory of guilt hinged on whether it could be proven, beyond
reasonable doubt, that the respondent had corruptly solicited the payments as
inducements for her to be lenient in her supervision of KKL’s work. It is
clear from the Grounds of Decision (the “GD”) that the District Judge was
aware that the key inquiry was (at [49] of the GD):

... whether the evidence supported the inference of a _corrupt intent on the
part of the [respondent]_ and also whether this was done with a _corrupt
knowledge_. [emphasis added]

In my view, the District Judge was entitled to take a broad approach to this
question by considering the totality of the evidence, including Tan’s
intentions in making the payments. The District Judge considered Tan’s
intentions as part of the overall assessment of whether the respondent could
plausibly be said to have had the requisite guilty knowledge in soliciting the
payments, and reached a reasonable conclusion on the evidence that a corrupt
arrangement and guilty intent were not proven as neither party was, based on
the surrounding events at the material time, likely to have intended for the
respondent to be lenient or have believed that the respondent had the scope to
exercise leniency (at [56]–[57] of the GD). This was an inference of fact on
the respondent’s intentions based on the plausibility of the Prosecution’s
case, and I do not think that this finding can be impugned on the basis that
the District Judge had embarked on her analysis from the incorrect legal
starting point.

6 I also do not accept the DPP’s submission that the District Judge’s findings
of fact in relation to the respondent’s intentions in accepting the payments
were against the overwhelming weight of the evidence. First, I do not think
that the District Judge’s finding (at [54]–[55]) of the GD) that Tan had not
been motivated to pay the respondent in order to induce her to be lenient in
her supervision was unsubstantiated. The evidence adduced at trial, while
slightly vague and at times inconsistent, indicates on balance that Tan’s
overall subjective understanding of “leniency” was not that the respondent
would approve works that otherwise fell short of the contractual
specifications, but that she would help to look after the site and provide
assistance and advice to his workers on what had to be done if problems were
encountered on-site. Second, I am not persuaded by the DPP that the inferences
that the District Judge drew on the respondent’s intentions were erroneous and
against the clear weight of the evidence. The District Judge held that the
objective evidence did not fully support the Prosecution’s events of how and
when the respondent had approached Tan to “cover” her (at [44] of the GD), and
doubted (at [56]–[58] of the GD) whether the respondent would plausibly have
corruptly solicited payments for her to be lenient in her supervision when the
evidence indicated that she was always strict in her inspections and that both
parties believed that the respondent was not able to exercise leniency due to
the overall oversight of the STB and NParks. The selected fragments of
evidence on the respondent’s intentions that the DPP emphasised before me do
not unambiguously evince the respondent’s express belief that the payments
were made for some corrupt purpose. Read in the context of the particular line
of questioning during cross-examination, the respondent’s affirmative answers
to whether Expand (and by extension, Tan) wanted her to be lenient were
directed towards the specific instance of a particular dispute the respondent
had with Expand when she had refused to approve Expand’s landscaping works.
These remarks cannot be construed as clear admissions of her belief that Tan
wanted her to be lenient in her supervision of TKK’s works in exchange for the
payments. It cannot be disputed that the respondent had the power to be
“lenient” (in a broad sense) in that she had the power to delay approval from
the STB, but there is no clear and unmistakable evidence on whether the
respondent accepted the payments believing them to be inducements for her to
show leniency in her supervision. The DPP has not shown why the evidence
unequivocally contradicts the inferences that the District Judge drew, and I
do not see a compelling reason for me to depart from these findings of fact on
the respondent’s intentions. I agree with the District Judge that there were
many unexplained elements in the defence, and I also had some reservations in
accepting the District Judge’s evaluation of the significance of the SMS sent
by the respondent enquiring when Tan would “pass [her] the monthly for
Orchard” and her finding of fact in relation to the timing of the conversation
when the respondent had allegedly made the request for Tan to make payments to
“cover” her. Notwithstanding my misgivings on these aspects, I do not think
that they substantially undermine the District Judge’s conclusion that the
Prosecution’s evidence fell short of proving the crucial element of the
respondent’s guilty knowledge at the time the payments were solicited or
accepted. I am therefore of the view that the District Judge correctly gave
the benefit of the doubt to the respondent.

7 For the above reasons, I find that the Prosecution has failed to show that
the District Judge erred in either law or fact and accordingly dismiss the
appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Mar 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

