Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Teo Wai Cheong _v_ Crédit Industriel et Commercial and another appeal  
[2013] SGCA 33

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 59 and 94 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 May 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chelva Rajah SC and Tham Lijing (Tan Rajah & Cheah), Sean
Lim Thian Siong and Gong Chin Nam (Hin Tat Augustine & Partners) for the
appellant; Manoj Sandrasegara, Smitha Menon, Aw Wen Ni, Mohamed Nawaz, Daniel
Chan, Jonathan Tang and Edmund Koh (WongPartnership LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Teo Wai Cheong — Crédit Industriel et Commercial  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 3 SLR 1149.]

17 May 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This litigation, between the appellant Teo Wai Cheong (“Teo”) and the
respondent Crédit Industriel et Commercial (“the Bank”) has had a long and
tortuous history. This is the third time that the matter has reached the Court
of Appeal. As will become evident, the need for much of this arduous journey
stemmed from the Bank’s abject failure to make proper discovery. The first
time the matter came before us, in Civil Appeal No 113 of 2009, we dealt with
an interlocutory application, brought by Teo, for further discovery. On that
occasion, we allowed Teo’s appeal and ordered the Bank to make further
discovery. The trial of the matter followed and it lasted 16 days (“the First
Trial”). The Judicial Commissioner who heard the trial (“the First Trial
Judge”) found in favour of the Bank and his judgment is reported at _Crédit
Industriel et Commercial v Teo Wai Cheong_ [2010] 3 SLR 1149. Dissatisfied,
Teo appealed against the First Trial Judge’s judgment in Civil Appeal No 99 of
2010. We reserved judgment on that occasion and subsequently, in the course of
reviewing the record, we noted that further documents which seemed relevant
had not been disclosed. We accordingly exercised our power under s 37(4) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) and directed the
Bank to produce these documents, which the Bank duly did (“the newly disclosed
evidence”). On perusing the newly disclosed evidence, it became evident that
we could not conclude that the findings of the First Trial Judge would have
been unaffected had he had the same opportunity to consider the newly
disclosed evidence. We accordingly set aside that judgment and ordered a new
trial. Our unreported judgment may be found at _Teo Wai Cheong v Crédit
Industriel et Commercial_ [2011] SGCA 13 (“the CA 99/2010 Judgment”). The
retrial lasted some 23 days (“the Retrial”), at the end of which, a High Court
Judge (“the Retrial Judge”) found in favour of the Bank; his judgment is
reported at _Crédit Industriel et Commercial v Teo Wai Cheong_ [2012] 3 SLR
287 (“the Retrial Judgment”). There are now two appeals before us arising from
the Retrial.

The Background

The facts

2 The Bank is a French bank registered as a foreign company in Singapore. It
carries on a private banking business in Singapore. Teo is a former private
banking client of the Bank. A relationship manager known as Ng Su Ming (“Ng”)
managed Teo’s account. Ng had been Teo’s relationship manager, even before Teo
opened his account with the Bank, when she had worked at Citibank Singapore
(“Citibank”). The relationship had started in 2004 and when Ng left Citibank
for the Bank in 2006, she persuaded Teo to transfer his business and to open a
private banking account with the Bank.

3 Initially, Teo dealt in foreign exchange options, equity notes and shares.
In June 2007, Teo was introduced by Ng to what was, at that time, a new
financial product known as “equity accumulators”. The parties do not dispute
the essential features of an accumulator.

4 With an accumulator, an investor agrees to accumulate a certain specified
quantity of shares of a specified counter from a counterparty over an agreed
period (“the agreed period”). This undertaking is fixed at a price which
reflects a discount to the market price at which that counter is trading at
the beginning of the agreed period. This market price is called the “Initial
Price” and the discounted price is known as the “Forward Price” or the “Strike
Price”. The investor’s obligation, which is to acquire an agreed number of
shares on each trading day for the duration of the agreed period, may be
prematurely terminated by agreement. However, if the market price of the
shares rises above a certain specified price, known as the “Knock-Out Price”,
the accumulator is automatically terminated. This serves to cap the loss of
the counterparty. As long as the market price is above the Strike Price but
below the Knock-Out Price, the investor is obliged to purchase the specified
quantity of shares at the Strike Price. In doing so, the investor will be
accumulating shares at a discount to the prevailing market price. Once the
Knock-Out Price is struck, the transaction ends. On the other hand, where the
market price falls below the Strike Price, the investor is obliged to purchase
_double_ the previously agreed quantity of shares (“the Doubling Effect”) at
the Strike Price. In such circumstances, the investor is incurring losses
because the Strike Price is no longer at a discount to the market price, and
for good measure, the losses are doubled as a result of the Doubling Effect.
This might explain why, as was noted by the First Trial Judge, these
instruments were colloquially called “I’ll kill you later” by finance industry
professionals. Another term which bears explaining is the “Maximum
Obligation”. Assuming the accumulator does not get knocked-out, the investor’s
Maximum Obligation under the accumulator in dollar terms is the cost of
purchasing double the specified quantity of shares at the Strike Price for
each day of the entire period of the transaction. The Maximum Obligation is
derived on the basis of the market price being below the Strike Price for the
entire period of the transaction, on which premise, the Doubling Effect would
have been triggered.

5 It is common ground between the parties that the usual course of conduct and
communications between Ng and Teo with respect to the placement and updating
of the status of Teo’s orders for a particular accumulator was by way of
telephone conversations and Short Message Services (“SMSes”). This typically
involved the following:

(a) Prior to obtaining Teo’s instructions for a particular accumulator, Ng
would call the Private Banking Advisory department of the Bank (“PBA”) to
obtain the required pricing information on the accumulator, including the
market price at the time of the query, the indicative Strike Price, and the
indicative Knock-Out Price.

(b) Ng would then convey this information to Teo, and might also include the
recommendations of research analysts relevant to the particular share counter.

(c) According to the Bank, Ng would obtain from Teo specific instructions on
the range of the indicative Initial Price, the range of the indicative Strike
Price, the range of the indicative Knock-Out Price and the range of the
Maximum Obligation that he was agreeable to (although Teo denies this
particular step).

(d) Upon receiving Teo’s instructions, Ng would contact PBA to place the order
with the Bank’s counterparties.

(e) Sometimes, Ng would combine the orders of several clients and place a
single consolidated order with PBA. In such instances, upon PBA fulfilling the
whole or part of the consolidated order, Ng would allocate to each client
his/her proportionate entitlement.

(f) After PBA had successfully placed the order with the Bank’s
counterparties, Ng would be informed.

(g) A Customer Service Officer under Ng’s charge would then key the orders
allocated to each client into the Bank’s system.

(h) As a standard practice, the Bank would send confirmation notes and term
sheets detailing the terms of the accumulators entered into by Ng and PBA on
Teo’s behalf to his residential address. On each occasion that shares were
subsequently acquired pursuant to an accumulator, confirmation notes
evidencing this would also be sent to him. It would typically take around two
and a half weeks from the date of the transaction for these notes to be
processed and received by Teo and the Bank’s other customers.

6 Between 20 July 2007 and 3 October 2007, twenty equity accumulators were
purchased and booked under Teo’s account with the Bank. These transactions and
the terms of these accumulators are listed in the table below:

Table of Accumulators

No |  Trade date |  Share counter |  Initial price (S$) |  Strike price (S$) |  Knock-out price (S$) |  Maximum obligation  (S$) |  Knock-out date  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
1 |  20.07.07 |  Noble Group Ltd (“Noble”) |  1.85 |  1.6558 |  1.8870 |  1,496,181 |  23.07.07  
2 |  25.07.07 |  Noble |  1.93 |  1.7688 |  1.9686 |  1,069,770 |  24.09.07  
3 |  01.08.07 |  Keppel Corp Ltd (“Keppel”) |  13.10 |  11.9734 |  13.3620 |  663,805 |  03.08.07  
4 |  13.08.07 |  Keppel |  12.40 |  11.3832 |  12.6480 |  691,188 |  27.08.07  
5 |  15.08.07 |  Keppel |  12.10 |  11.0352 |  12.3420 |  670,057 |  23.08.07  
6 |  10.09.07 |  Keppel |  13.00 |  11.7650 |  13.2600 |  1,071,556 |  12.09.07  
7 |  13.09.07 |  DBS Group Holdings Ltd (“DBS”) |  19.60 |  17.7380 |  19.9920 |  1,795,086 |  19.09.07  
8 |  13.09.07 |  DBS |  19.90 |  18.0095 |  20.2980 |  1,822,561 |  20.09.07  
9 |  18.09.07 |  DBS |  19.10 |  17.4383 |  19.6730 |  2,179,788 |  19.09.07  
10 |  25.09.07 |  Neptune Orient Ltd (“NOL”) |  5.15 |  4.5320 |  5.3045 |  917,277 |  01.10.07  
11 |  25.09.07 |  Cosco Corp Ltd (“Cosco”) (1st) |  5.35 |  4.6920 |  5.5105 |  2,374,152 |  26.09.07  
12 |  27.09.07 |  China Energy (“CE”) (1st) |  1.41 |  1.2803 |  1.4523 |  97,1748 |  28.09.07  
13 |  01.10.07 |  Cosco (2nd) |  6.90 |  6.0720 |  7.1070 |  1,530,144 |  02.10.07  
14 |  01.10.07 |  CE (2nd) |  1.6701 |  1.5198 |  1.7202 |  1,148,969 |  02.10.07  
15 |  02.10.07 |  CE (3rd) (established at 9:36am) |  1.7950 |  1.6335 |  1.8489 |  823,284 |  N.A.  
16 |  02.10.07 |  CE (4th) (established at 9:22am) |  1.7946 |  1.6017 |  1.8305 |  1,614,514 |  N.A.  
17 |  02.10.07 |  CE (5th) (established at 9:14am) |  1.8109 |  1.6162 |  1.8471 |  1,629,130 |  N.A.  
18 |  02.10.07 |  CE (6th) (established in two tranches at 11:39am and 11:56am) |  1.74 |  1.5834 |  1.7922 |  1,979,250 |  N.A.  
19 |  03.10.07 |  CE (7th) |  1.68 |  1.5238 |  1.7304 |  4,571,400 |  N.A.  
20 |  03.10.07 |  Sembcorp Marine |  5.30 |  4.7753 |  5.459 |  3,128,777 |  18.10.07  
  
  

7 The dispute between the parties was in respect of the accumulators set out
in the entries numbered 15 to 19 of the Table of Accumulators, _viz_ , the
Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh China Energy (“CE”) Accumulators
(collectively, “the Disputed Accumulators”). These accumulators were
established on 2 and 3 October 2007.

The Bank’s claim against Teo and his defence and counterclaims

8 The Bank in these proceedings claimed against Teo a sum of S$2,782,803.66,
being the amounts outstanding for CE shares delivered pursuant to the Disputed
Accumulators. In addition, the Bank claimed against Teo a sum of
S$3,625,393.11, being the cost it incurred in closing out the Disputed
Accumulators with its counterparties. In the alternative, the Bank claimed
against Teo the amount of S$6,408,196.77 (which is the sum of the aforesaid
amounts of S$2,782,803.66 and S$3,625,393.11), being what it says was a loan
it extended to Teo when he failed to make payments of the demanded sums. The
Bank also claimed interest on the loan amounting to S$51,323.06.

9 Teo’s defence to the Bank’s claim was a simple one: he did not order the
Disputed Accumulators; they were therefore not authorised and accordingly, he
was not liable for them. This litigation at its heart therefore turned on a
single factual issue: whether Teo had given Ng the necessary instructions and
so authorised entering into the Disputed Accumulators. The Bank did have an
alternative argument: that by reason of Teo’s silence and conduct, he was
estopped from denying that he had authorised Ng to enter into the Disputed
Accumulator transactions.

10 We mention in passing that this was not a case involving any allegation by
Teo of the Bank “mis-selling” him these financial products. Although in his
Defence and Counterclaim, Teo counterclaimed against the Bank that it had
breached its statutory duty under s 27 of the Financial Advisers Act (Cap 110,
2007 Rev Ed) (“FAA”) in recommending the accumulators without “reasonable
basis”, this was never pursued by Teo at first instance either at the First
Trial or the Retrial, or before us. Moreover, no mention was made of it in the
Appellant’s Case filed for the appeal.

11 Finally, Teo counterclaimed against the Bank for an account of the monies
set off and assets realised and liquidated by the Bank for the purpose of
effecting payment said to be due under the Disputed Accumulators.

Nature of the evidence at the trials

12 The evidence at the First Trial and at the Retrial focussed mainly on three
areas:

(a) First, there was the background to the establishment of the Disputed
Accumulators and the nature of Teo’s relationship and working arrangements
with the Bank and with Ng. In essence, this was to understand the process by
which the undisputed accumulators (the entries numbered 1 to 14 of the Table
of Accumulators at [6] above) were ordinarily processed by Ng and the Bank for
Teo.

(b) Second, the evidence dealt with what had happened on 2 and 3 October 2007
when the Disputed Accumulators were actually entered into. Particular
attention was placed on the phone calls between Teo and Ng, during which,
according to the Bank, Teo had authorised establishing the Disputed
Accumulators. Much of the evidential difficulties faced in this case stemmed
from the fact that Ng had a practice of using her personal handphone when
making such calls. Had she instead used the landline provided for her use by
the Bank, in accordance with the Bank’s internal Compliance Manual, these
conversations would have been recorded and the evidential difficulties could
largely have been avoided.

(c) Last, evidence was led as to Teo’s behaviour after 3 October 2007. The
Bank argued that this was consistent with his having authorised the Disputed
Accumulators. Teo, unsurprisingly, contended otherwise.

The drawbacks in the evidence in both the First Trial and the Retrial

13 There were significant drawbacks in the evidence in both the instances that
this case was tried. It cannot seriously be disputed that the First Trial was
conducted with the Bank not having properly fulfilled its discovery
obligations. In Civil Appeal No 99 of 2010, we noted that certain transcripts
of telephone conversations and other documents in the possession of the Bank
had not been disclosed, and those which were, had material portions
redacted.[note: 1] Counsel for the Bank had informed us that the redactions
had not been objected to by Teo’s counsel, and moreover had been accepted by
the First Trial Judge as validly redacted on the ground that these were
necessary to avoid any contravention of s 47 of the Banking Act (Cap 19, 2008
Rev Ed) (“the Banking Act”).

14 However, it was the Bank’s case that Ng had a practice of consolidating the
orders of different clients (see [5(e)] above), and the Bank had to rely on
such consolidation having actually occurred to overcome the fact that the
orders allegedly placed on Teo’s instructions did not correspond in time or in
terms with the sequence in which Ng had placed orders with PBA. For this
reason, we held in Civil Appeal No 99 of 2010 that the evidence relating to
the orders placed by the other clients was relevant and liable to be
discovered.[note: 2] This evidence was also considered relevant because it
appeared that one or some of Ng’s other clients had also disputed that they
had authorised Ng to purchase CE accumulators which had been placed as part of
a consolidated order. We further concluded that the Bank’s belief that these
documents were privileged from disclosure by reason of s 47(1) of the Banking
Act was erroneous because the disclosure of records where the clients were
only referred to anonymously as “Client A”, “Client B” and/or “Client C” would
not give rise to a prohibited disclosure of “customer information” under the
Act.[note: 3] The Bank was thus directed to disclose these further materials.

The evidence not disclosed at the First Trial

15 The new evidence was disclosed in due course. Some of this turned out to be
highly relevant. As it transpired, the new evidence also revealed that there
had been a quite separate breach by the Bank of its discovery obligations, as
other material documents were produced which were potentially prejudicial to
it and had not previously been disclosed. The following gives a flavour of
some of the more important documents disclosed, amongst material that covered
more than 2,700 pages, following our direction in Civil Appeal No 99 of 2010:

(a) First, documents that we had specifically contemplated, namely,
transcripts and documents relating to the phone calls between Ng and the other
clients, were disclosed. These dealt with the way in which orders were
processed on 2 and 3 October 2007 and the instructions and discussions Ng had
with these clients in relation to the Disputed Accumulators;

(b) Second, transcripts of taped phone conversations between Ng and other
employees of the Bank in relation to the events of 2 and 3 October 2007 were
disclosed. Some transcripts of such phone conversations that had occurred on 2
and 3 October 2007 had been disclosed at the First Trial; but the Bank only
now disclosed further transcripts of conversations which took place after 3
October 2007;

(c) Third, a _draft_ email dated 19 November 2007, which Ng wrote but never
sent to Teo was disclosed. Although the contents of this email were perhaps
ambiguous, it might have contradicted Ng’s evidence and should have been
available to be put to her during cross-examination;

(d) Fourth, internal correspondence between Ng and the Bank’s credit
department was disclosed. In brief, these documents showed that after 3
October 2007, the Bank’s credit department had sent Ng daily reminders and
requests for her to get Teo to top up his account, which had become under-
margined as a result of the accumulators entered into on 2 and 3 October 2007.
Her conduct in the wake of this pressure was inexplicable and undoubtedly
invited many questions;

(e) In addition, a “Watchlist and Provisions Report as at 30 November 2007”,
an internal bank document describing the status of their position _vis-à-vis_
Teo, was disclosed.

16 It was unsatisfactory, to say the least, that these disclosures had not
been made by the time of the First Trial. We do recognise the candour of those
responsible for making these further disclosures which went beyond the precise
scope of the orders we had made in Civil Appeal No 99 of 2010. However, it
must be said even so, that this did not displace the unfortunate consequences
of the earlier breaches. Moreover, it also did not significantly obviate the
evidentiary difficulties occasioned by the fact that Ng had persisted in not
using the landline provided by the Bank in transacting with Teo. We will
comment separately on some of these documents in due course as well as on the
bearing they have on the issues in these appeals.

Ng’s non-attendance at the Retrial

17 As already noted (above at [1]), in light of the newly disclosed evidence,
we ordered a retrial of the matter.[note: 4] Unfortunately, this was not the
end of the evidentiary difficulties that have plagued this litigation. Because
the sole issue in this case turns on whether Teo had authorised Ng to enter
into the Disputed Accumulators in the course of their phone calls on 2 and 3
October 2007 and these phone calls were not recorded, Ng was a crucial
witness. Furthermore, much of the newly disclosed evidence involved Ng, who
alone was in a position to speak to many of these documents and attest to
their effect. Most unfortunately, when the Retrial was set down for hearing,
the Bank was unable to produce Ng to testify. The Bank accordingly applied
pursuant to s 33 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the EA”) to admit
in the Retrial, Ng’s affidavits of evidence in chief as well as the oral
evidence she gave at the First Trial. The Retrial Judge acceded to this
application and on the basis of Ng’s evidence given at the First Trial, found
in favour of the Bank.

The issues in this appeal

18 Following the decision of the Retrial Judge to admit the evidence and so to
find in favour of the Bank, Teo brought two appeals before us:

(a) Civil Appeal No 94 of 2012 is his appeal against the Retrial Judge’s
decision pursuant to s 33 of the EA to admit all the evidence given by Ng at
the First Trial.

(b) Civil Appeal No 59 of 2012 is his substantive appeal, against the Retrial
Judge’s finding that Teo had authorised the Disputed Accumulators and
accordingly giving judgment in favour of the Bank. This would also entail
consideration of the Retrial Judge’s dismissal of Teo’s counterclaim.

Civil Appeal No 94 of 2010

The application pursuant to s 33 of the EA

19 When the Bank found it could not locate Ng, it applied on the first day of
the Retrial for leave to admit Ng’s affidavits of evidence in chief and her
oral evidence from the First Trial pursuant to s 33 of the EA. Section 33 of
the EA provides as follows:

**Relevancy of certain evidence for proving in subsequent proceeding the truth
of facts therein stated**

33\. Evidence given by a witness in a judicial proceeding, or before any
person authorised by law to take it, is relevant for the purpose of proving in
a subsequent judicial proceeding, or in a later stage of the same judicial
proceeding, the truth of the facts which it states, when the witness is dead
or cannot be found or is incapable of giving evidence, or is kept out of the
way by the adverse party, or if his presence cannot be obtained without an
amount of delay or expense which under the circumstances of the case the court
considers unreasonable subject to the following provisions:

(_a_)the proceeding was between the same parties or their representatives in
interest;

(_b_)the adverse party in the first proceeding had the right and opportunity
to cross-examine; and

(_c_)the questions in issue were substantially the same in the first as in the
second proceeding.

_Explanation_ —A criminal trial or inquiry shall be deemed to be a proceeding
between the prosecutor and the accused within the meaning of this section.

20 According to the Bank, Ng had left Singapore to reside in Dubai and despite
its efforts, it could not locate her. In support of its application, Jean-Luc
Anglada (“Anglada”), the Bank’s regional manager, affirmed an affidavit
detailing the Bank’s attempts to locate and contact her (“the s 33
Affidavit”).[note: 5] These efforts included the following:

(a) attempting to contact her at her Dubai and Singapore phone numbers and
through her e-mail address;

(b) visiting her parents’ residence in Singapore where she had previously
resided and speaking to her father;

(c) issuing a subpoena for Ng to testify and attempting (unsuccessfully) to
serve it on her at her Singapore address;

(d) visiting the restaurant in Dubai where Ng was last known to be working but
finding that she no longer worked there;

(e) sending a letter by courier to her last known address in Dubai and having
it returned undelivered;

(f) doing the same to her parent’s residence with the same result;

(g) visiting her parents’ residence once more but to no avail;

(h) placing an advertisement in the Straits Times and an English language
newspaper in Dubai; and

(i) seeking advice from legal counsel in Dubai who advised that there was no
procedure under Dubai law to compel her to testify even assuming she could be
found.

21 There are two requirements under s 33 which the Bank had to show were
fulfilled. The first was that the witness “[could] not be found”. The second
was that the provisos to s 33 were satisfied, though in this regard, it was
only proviso (_b_), _ie_ , that “the adverse party in the first proceeding had
the right and opportunity to cross-examine” the deponent, that was in issue
between the parties.

22 The Retrial Judge concluded that both requirements had been met and
admitted Ng’s affidavits of evidence in chief and oral evidence from the First
Trial into evidence. The Retrial Judge was of the view that contrary to Teo’s
submission, the first of the two requirements mentioned above did not impose
on the Bank an obligation to expend its “best efforts” to locate Ng; rather,
the threshold was one of “due diligence”.[note: 6] The Retrial Judge
considered that the Bank’s search had been undertaken with due diligence, and
that there was nothing to show that its search had not been carried out _bona
fide_. As to the second requirement, the Retrial Judge held, contrary to Teo’s
submission, that he had had a sufficient “right and opportunity to cross-
examine” Ng during the First Trial, notwithstanding that Ng had not been
cross-examined on the newly disclosed evidence which was not then
available.[note: 7] The Retrial Judge thought that to completely exclude Ng’s
evidence would be unacceptable, and that the better approach was to admit the
evidence but accord it the appropriate weight having regard to whether it was
consistent with the newly disclosed evidence.

The underlying policy of s 33 of the EA

23 Section 33 of the EA provides that in the prescribed circumstances,
evidence given by a witness in a judicial proceeding or before any person
authorised by law to take such evidence is relevant for the purposes of
proving in a subsequent judicial proceeding the truth of the facts it states.
In our judgment, s 33 represents an exceptional jurisdiction and so its
requirements must be strictly satisfied before it may be invoked. In
_Chainchal Singh v Emperor_ AIR 1946 PC 1, Lord Goddard noted the same saying
(at [4]):

Where it is desired to have recourse to this section on the ground that a
witness is incapable of giving evidence, that fact must be proved, and proved
strictly. _It is an elementary right of an accused person or a litigant in a
civil suit that a witness who is to testify against him should give his
evidence before the Court trying the case which then has the opportunity of
seeing the witness and observing his demeanour and can thus form a better
opinion as to his reliability than is possible from reading a statement or
deposition_. It is necessary that provision should be made for _exceptional
cases_ where it is impossible for the witness to be before the Court, and _it
is only by a statutory provision that this can be achieved_. _But the Court
must be careful to see that the conditions on which the statute permits
previous evidence given by the witness to be read are strictly proved._
[emphasis added]

24 Section 33, in common with the EA as a whole, has its origins in the
English common law (see Sir James Fitzjames Stephen, _A Digest of the Law of
Evidence_ (MacMillan and Co Ltd, 12th Ed, 1936) at pp 52–53). This section
traces its origins to the 19th century case of _Wright v Doe d Tatham_ (1834)
1 Ad & El 3, amongst others. Various theories have been advanced to
rationalise the reception of such evidence, including a suggestion that the
rule is _sui generis_. In our view, the rule operates within an overall
framework that is designed to ensure that, as far as possible, the best
evidence is placed before the court while permitting narrow exceptions where
necessary and to the extent that there are sufficient safeguards to assure the
reliability of the evidence. It will usually be the case that the best
evidence will require the presence and oral testimony of the witness
concerned. Where for some reason this is not possible, such as in the
circumstances prescribed in s 33, then hearsay evidence may be resorted to.
Under s 33, the hearsay evidence concerned is of a specific sort, namely that
which had been given at a previous “judicial proceeding” or “before any person
authorised by law to take it”. As with all exceptions to the rule against
hearsay evidence, this is subject to certain preconditions. These
preconditions in s 33 are found in the requirement that the witness be
practically unavailable and in the three provisos to the section.

25 How do these provisos ensure the reliability of such hearsay evidence? This
can be answered by reference to the rationale underlying them. It is a truism
that cross-examination plays a fundamental role in the common law’s
adversarial process for getting to the truth. The jurist John Henry Wigmore
went so far as to declare that “it is beyond any doubt the greatest legal
engine ever invented for the discovery of the truth” (see John Henry Wigmore,
_A Treatise on the Anglo-American System of Evidence in Trials at Common Law_
(1905) (“ _Wigmore on Evidence_ ”) at para 1367). The three provisos to s 33
preserve to the greatest extent possible, the security ordinarily afforded by
the law through the process of cross-examination to a party against whom
hearsay evidence is sought to be adduced. Garrow B in _The Attorney General v
Davison_ (1825) M’Cel & Y 160 at 169 explained the rationale for this as such:

In order to affect any party by oral or written testimony, an opportunity
should be allowed to him of checking or correcting it by cross-examination.
The purpose of a cross-examination is to explain something not yet understood:
to elicit something which was not the intent of the examination in chief.

26 Accordingly, where the three provisos are satisfied, the statement may be
admitted even though it is hearsay in the strict sense. As further amplified
in V Kesava Rao, _Sir John Woodroffe & Syed Amir Ali’s Law of Evidence_
(Butterworths Wadhwa, 18th Ed, 2009) at p 2133:

In Anglo-Saxon jurisprudence, all depositions of witnesses must satisfy the
following tests, namely: (a) they must be taken under oath or solemn
affirmation; and (b) when deposing the witness must be brought face to face to
the party against whom he is deposing in open court, so that he may be cross-
examined by the latter. This security is termed by Bentham as confrontation.
This was established long ago, ‘the other side ought [not] to be deprived of
the opportunity of confronting the witnesses and examining them publicly,
which has always been found the most effectual method of discovering the
truth.’ The main and essential purpose of confrontation is to secure for the
opponent the opportunity of cross-examination. The opponent demands
confrontation, not for the idle purpose of gazing upon the witness, or of
being gazed upon by him, but for the purpose of cross-examination and
obtaining immediate answers. There is, however, a secondary advantage to be
obtained by the personal appearance of the witness; the judge and jury are
enabled to obtain the elusive and incommunicable evidence of a witness’s
deportment while testifying, and a certain subjective moral effect is produced
upon the witness.

When, therefore, a statement has already been subjected to cross-examination
and is, hence admitted as in this case [under s 33 of the EA], it comes in
because the rule is satisfied and not because an exception to the rule is
allowed.

27 The provisos are cumulative in the sense that they must all be met. Proviso
(_b_) is there to ensure that the machinery of cross-examination was
effectively available to test the deposition. Proviso (_a_) requires that the
_party_ against whom the deposition is sought to be used in the present
proceedings was the same opposing party in the previous proceedings and
proviso (_c_) ensures that the _issues_ in the previous and the present
proceedings are substantially the same. These latter two provisos are
necessary because, as explained in _Wigmore on Evidence_ (at para 1386):

Unless the issues were then the same as they are when the former statement is
offered, the cross-examination would not have been directed to the same
material points of investigation, and therefore could not have been an
adequate test for exposing inaccuracies and falsehoods. Unless furthermore,
the parties were the same in motive and interest, there is a similar
inadequacy of opportunity, for the present opponent cannot be fairly required
to abide by the possible omissions, negligence, or collusion, of a different
party, whose proper utilization of the opportunity he has no means of
ascertaining.

28 In the light shed by these authorities, we consider the applicability of s
33 in this case.

The “cannot be found” requirement

29 To succeed in its application, the Bank must first satisfy the court that
the witness “cannot be found”. Before the Retrial Judge, the parties took
contrasting positions as to what sort of search this requirement entails. The
Bank submitted that what this called for was the exercise of “due diligence”
in trying to locate the witness. On the other hand, Teo submitted that the
Bank ought to have expended its “best efforts” and that the efforts of the
Bank (see [20] above) were insufficient. On appeal before us, Teo seemingly
accepted the “due diligence” standard though he nonetheless maintained that
the Bank had not in fact done enough to satisfy this standard. Teo submitted
that an entity such as the Bank ought, among other things, to have engaged
private investigators in Singapore and in Dubai, which they did not do.[note:
8]

30 On this, we are broadly in agreement with the Retrial Judge. It would be
unfair to say that the efforts undertaken by the Bank were not reasonably
sufficient or did not constitute the application of due diligence. It would
undoubtedly have been sensible of the Bank to engage private investigators who
would have detailed the measures they took to locate Ng. But this particular
failure does not obviate the need for us to view in the round the efforts the
Bank did apply. This was not a case where Teo could make good any suggestion
that the Bank’s efforts were not _bona fide_ ; and, there was nothing to
suggest that the Bank was trying to avoid locating Ng. We therefore agree with
the Retrial Judge that this requirement was satisfied on the facts.

31 However, for the guidance of future applicants, we must emphasise that
although the “due diligence” standard was satisfied in this case, the evidence
that was filed by the Bank to demonstrate that it had exercised due diligence
could have been better in several respects. In particular, the s 33 Affidavit
would have benefitted from the inclusion of more details as to the specific
steps and efforts that had been undertaken by the Bank. For example, the s 33
Affidavit referred to different individuals within the Bank who were trying to
locate Ng, but did not always identify who these individuals were. Nor was it
specified just what instructions had been given to each of them. Such details
would have been helpful to the court in coming to a conclusion as to whether
the applicant had in fact exerted reasonable diligence. To give one specific
example, Anglada deposed in the s 33 Affidavit that a representative of the
Bank “visited Café Paparotti, a restaurant in Dubai where Ms Ng was last known
to be working at... [h]owever, [the Bank’s] representative was told that Ms Ng
no longer works at the said restaurant”.[note: 9] Nothing in the s 33
Affidavit reveals who this representative was or who the representative had
spoken to at the restaurant. If the representative had spoken to the manager
of the establishment, this would have gone further towards showing reasonable
diligence than if he had spoken to a dishwasher and stopped the enquiry there.
Nor was it specified whether the representative had asked whoever was spoken
to whether he or she knew of Ng’s present whereabouts. Although we do not hold
these gaps in the s 33 Affidavit against the Bank, these examples illustrate
the level of particularity that should be provided to the court to enable it
to assess whether due diligence had been applied in the search for the missing
witness.

32 Furthermore, where an application under s 33 is envisaged as a possibility,
it would ordinarily be sensible to apprise the opposite party of the measures
that have been or are being taken to locate the witness and to invite any
comments or suggestions from that party. It may be noted that the interests
would generally be convergent in such circumstances.

The “right and opportunity to cross-examine” proviso

The rationale and the relevant principles

33 The principal issue in respect of this requirement in the present case is
whether Teo could be said to have had the “right and opportunity to cross-
examine” Ng at the First Trial notwithstanding the fact that the newly
disclosed evidence was not available at that time. Counsel for the Bank
submitted that because Ng had been cross-examined by Teo’s counsel for 6 days
during the First Trial, this in itself, without regard to the availability of
the newly disclosed materials, meant that the requirement was amply satisfied.

34 We do not agree. The “right and opportunity to cross-examine” must refer to
more than just the process of cross-examination having been available at the
earlier proceedings. Even if there had been a physical opportunity to cross-
examine the witness, if for some reason that opportunity was in fact
materially impaired, then it cannot be said to have in fact existed for the
purpose of satisfying this proviso to s 33. The right and opportunity to
cross-examine must have been an effective one because it serves the crucial
function of affording the party against whom hearsay evidence is sought to be
used the security he would otherwise have had but for the fact that the
witness cannot now be found (see above at [25]). Such security must be real
and not illusory. This is also borne out by the other provisos which taken
together establish that the previous opportunity to cross examine the witness
must in essence have been on a similar substantive footing as would have been
the case if the witness had in fact been present in the later proceedings.

35 To the extent that the previous right and opportunity to cross-examine the
witness was materially impaired in some way, it will then be relevant to
consider why this was so. Where this was due to the cross-examiner’s own
conduct of the examination, it will not be a legitimate objection to the
admissibility of that evidence (see _Wigmore on Evidence_ at para 1390).
However, the position would be quite different at the other end of the
spectrum where the previous cross-examination was materially impaired by the
act or omission of the very party who is seeking in the later proceedings to
admit the earlier evidence. Although it does not appear that the application
of s 33 to this precise scenario has been judicially considered, the
authorities suggest a general principle that can guide us. An examination of
three examples in the sundry list of circumstances under which the previous
cross-examination has been taken to have failed provided in _Wigmore on
Evidence_ will bear this out. _Wigmore on Evidence_ (at paras 1390–1392)
states as follows:

§1390. **Failure of Cross-examination through the Witness’ Death or
Illness**... (1) Where the witness’ _death_ or _lasting illness_ would not
have intervened to prevent cross-examination but for the _voluntary act_ of
the witness himself or the party offering him – as, by a postponement or other
interruption brought about immediately after the direct examination, it seems
clear that the direct testimony must be struck out.

...

§1391. **Failure of Cross-examination through the Witness’ Refusal to Answer
or the Fault of the Party offering him.** (2) Where the witness, after his
examination in chief on the stand, has refused to submit to cross-examination,
the opportunity of thus probing and testing his statement has substantially
failed, and his direct testimony should be struck out.

...

§1392. **Non-Responsive Answers; General or “Sweeping” Interrogatories.** (3)
Where a deposition is taken on _written interrogatories_ filed before-hand,
and the witness in an answer to a _direct_ interrogatory departs from the
subject of the question, the cross-examiner may be virtually deprived of
cross-examination, because by not anticipating this answer he will not have
framed his cross-interrogatories to probe the witness on the subject. This
objection is obviously applicable to written interrogatories only; but to that
extent it has a just foundation...

(4)`A direct interrogatory may be so _general_ or “ _sweeping_ ” as to enable
the witness, while responsively answering, to range over a variety of topics
whose tenor the cross-examiner cannot by possibility have anticipated. In this
way, for the same reason just noted, he may be substantially deprived of his
right...

36 In our judgment, these are particular manifestations of the general
principle that where the earlier cross-examination can be shown to have been
materially impaired and this was caused or even materially contributed to by
the act or omission of the witness himself or of the party seeking to invoke s
33, it cannot then be said that the requirement prescribed in that section, of
there having been the “right and opportunity to cross-examine”, has
nonetheless been fulfilled. This follows from the fact, as we have noted, that
s 33 represents an exceptional jurisdiction, and in invoking it, the court is
bound to consider whether justice is being done as between _both_ parties to
the litigation.

37 The foregoing principle will apply with even greater force where the party
seeking to invoke s 33 has committed an act or omission in relation to an
obligation that is directly relevant to maximising the opportunity to cross-
examine. It is this aggravated application of the rule that arises in this
case.

The Bank’s breach of its discovery obligations

38 When the Bank failed to disclose the newly disclosed evidence at the First
Trial, it was in breach of its discovery obligations. At the hearing of the
present appeals, we asked counsel for the Bank to explain the reason for this
breach. We were told that the Bank was not aware of, or rather had overlooked,
the existence of _some_ of the documents; while _others_ were not disclosed on
the basis of legal advice. After the hearing, we invited the Bank to clarify
this further. We also invited the Bank to consider waiving privilege and
disclosing any legal advice it might have received on the issue of discovery
and disclosure of the relevant documents.[note: 10]

39 In its reply to the court,[note: 11] the Bank through its solicitors stated
as follows:

(a) In respect of documents relating to Client A, who before the commencement
of the First Trial had suggested to Teo that Ng had also entered into
unauthorised trades for him, these were not disclosed pursuant to legal advice
rendered by its solicitors who took the view that this was in the nature of
similar fact evidence and hence irrelevant. In any event the Bank was not in a
position to disclose them without Client A’s consent;[note: 12]

(b) In respect of documents relating to the orders of Clients A, B and C whose
orders were consolidated with Teo’s orders, the Bank on its own, took the view
that because the fact of consolidation had not been challenged in the
pleadings, these documents were not relevant. The Bank did not seek or receive
legal advice on these documents;[note: 13]

(c) In respect of the documents showing that after 3 October 2007, the Bank’s
internal credit department sent daily reminders to Ng pressing her to get her
clients to regularise their under-margined positions, the Bank took the view,
without advice, that these were generated as part of its standard operating
procedure and hence irrelevant;[note: 14]

(d) In respect of the transcripts and related documents of the subsequent
conversations between Ng and other Bank employees in relation to the events of
2 and 3 October 2007, the Bank said that it (presumably referring to those
having conduct of the litigation) did not know these existed until a further
review was undertaken following our directions in Civil Appeal No 99 of
2010.[note: 15]

40 From these clarifications, it was evident that the Bank’s breaches of its
discovery obligations arose from positive steps and decisions it had taken and
in the main these were misconceived. In respect of at least two categories of
documents (see [39(b)] and [39(c)] above), the Bank had decided not to
disclose these on its own initiative. Although counsel for the Bank described
this as “inadvertence”, to put it at its lowest, a litigant, especially one
with the sort of institutional support that might be expected of the Bank,
runs a risky and dangerous course when it chooses not to implement even
elementary steps to ensure that it has complied with its discovery
obligations. As for documents evidencing the conversations that took place
between Ng and the other employees of the Bank, its excuse is that it did not
know these documents existed at the time of the First Trial. We find this
difficult to accept. First, we note that some transcripts of conversations
that took place on 2 and 3 October 2007 had been disclosed. It is unclear to
us, in this light, how or why the later transcripts were missed. Second, these
documents surfaced upon a “review” done following our orders in Civil Appeal
No 99 of 2010. This suggests that had the Bank done the same review before the
First Trial, these documents would have surfaced. No explanation was
forthcoming as to why this had not been done. Finally, although there is no
suggestion that its breaches of its discovery obligations was the result of
its receiving incorrect advice from its solicitors, we would point out that
even if that were so, the Bank would have remained responsible for this _vis-
à-vis_ its counterparty to the litigation (see _Vernon v Bosley (No 2)_ [1997]
3 WLR 683 at 698F–G).

41 Discovery is a fundamental rule in our system of litigation. In the plain
language of Sir John Donaldson MR in _Davies v Eli Lilly & Co and Others_
[1987] 1 WLR 428 (“ _Eli Lilly_ ”) at 431, litigation is conducted “cards face
up on the table”. There are several reasons for this cardinal principle of
litigation. The broad rationale of any system of discovery is said to be the
just and efficient disposal of litigation (see Paul Matthews & Hodge M Malek
QC, _Disclosure_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2012) (“ _Disclosure_ ”) at para
1.02; and see also the comments of Donaldson MR in _Naylor v Preston Area
Health Authority_ [1987] 1 WLR 958 (“ _Naylor_ ”) at 967E). The just and
efficient disposal of litigation can only be achieved by ensuring that parties
disclose the relevant evidence before any hearing of the matter, thus allowing
counsel and the parties to evaluate the strength of their respective cases,
clarify the issues between them, reduce surprises at the trial and encourage
settlement (see _Disclosure_ at para 1.02). Such a philosophy recognises that
although our system remains an adversarial one, it is not one that condones a
litigant winning on “tactical considerations” alone (see _Naylor_ at 967B).

42 Donaldson MR in _Eli Lilly_ (at 431) additionally explains that the
principle that litigation is to be conducted with “cards face up on the table”
helps ensure that “real justice between opposing parties” is done. Unless the
court has before it _all_ the relevant information, such an object cannot be
achieved. In our view, this principle is equally designed to ensure that a
party has an effective and unimpaired opportunity to conduct its cross-
examination. Without the relevant evidence disclosed before the hearing of a
matter, a litigant cannot be said to be in a position to adequately prepare
his cross-examination and so to effectively test a witness’s testimony.

43 The responsibility for ensuring proper discovery falls not only on the
litigant but on his lawyers as well. In _Myers v Elman_ [1940] AC 282 (“
_Myers v Elman_ ”) at 322, Lord Wright explained that a client cannot
ordinarily be expected to realise the entire scope of his discovery
obligations without the aid and advice of his solicitor. As officers of the
court, solicitors owe a special duty to the court to properly explain to their
clients what these obligations are. They also owe a duty of involvement in and
supervision of the disclosure process. We recognise that solicitors might, as
a result, find themselves in an unenviable position _vis-à-vis_ their clients.
As Lord Atkin observed in _Myers v Elman_ (at 304):

It is a subject which undoubtedly often presents difficulties to a solicitor,
who in quite ordinary disputes finds it difficult to convince his client that
business documents, as well as documents which the client considers private
and confidential, must be disclosed.

44 Nevertheless, because this duty is owed to the court and exists for the
purpose of ensuring the proper administration of justice, it remains incumbent
on solicitors, in good conscience, to act in diligent compliance with it (see
_Public Trustee and another v By Products Traders Pte Ltd and others_ [2005] 3
SLR(R) 449 at [26]–[36]). Should the solicitor find that he is unable to
obtain his client’s cooperation in this respect, he must cease to act for that
client (see _Myers v Elman_ at 293–294, 317).

45 What then are the practical applications of this duty of the solicitor?
Lord Atkin explained it thus in _Myers v Elman_ (at 304):

He is at an early stage of the proceedings engaged in putting before the Court
on the oath of his client information which may afford evidence at the trial.
Obviously _he must explain to his client what is the meaning of relevance_ :
and equally obviously _he must not necessarily be satisfied by the statement
of his client that he has no documents or no more than he chooses to disclose.
If he has reasonable ground for supposing that there are others, he must
investigate the matter;_ but he need not go beyond taking reasonable steps to
ascertain the truth. He is not the ultimate judge, and if he reasonably
decides to believe his client, criticism cannot be directed to him. [emphasis
added]

46 As noted above, when we asked the Bank to clarify the reasons for its non-
disclosure of important documents at the First Trial, we invited it to
consider waiving privilege and disclosing the legal advice it received on the
question of discovery and disclosure of the relevant documents. This included
the initial letter that was sent to the Bank setting out its discovery
obligations. We were told that the Bank was advised “generally” on its
discovery obligations, and two emails sent by the Bank’s solicitors to its in-
house counsel and Head of Legal and Compliance were produced.[note: 16] In
these emails, the solicitors stated, similarly on both occasions:[note: 17]

Pursuant to Order 24 of the Rules of Court of Singapore, either party to a
Suit in Singapore (i.e., the Plaintiffs or the Defendant) is obliged to
disclose all documents on which either party relies on or will rely on and
which are in the party’s possession, custody or power and this would include:

(i)Documents which adversely affect his own case;

(ii)Documents which adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii)Documents which support another party’s case.

47 We would have serious concerns if this was the _full_ extent of the legal
advice rendered by the solicitors to the Bank on the question of discovery,
since in effect, it entailed little more than a perfunctory reference to O 24
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) without more. Merely
informing the client of the terms of O 24 does _not_ discharge a solicitor’s
duty to the court in connection with discovery. In _Woods v Martins Bank Ltd_
[1959] 1 QB 55 at 60, Salmon J held that a solicitor is duty bound, as an
officer of the court, to carefully go through the documents disclosed by the
client in order to ensure that, as far as possible, no relevant documents have
been omitted. We accept that this may have to be tempered in appropriate
cases, particularly where the volume of electronic or other documents might
necessitate some degree of considered, informed and adequately supervised
delegation. But there was nothing to suggest that this was such a case.
Moreover, we would have expected that in advising the Bank, its solicitors, as
professional advisors having expert knowledge of the relevant legal and
factual issues likely to arise in such litigation, would at the very least
have identified classes or types of documents that the Bank should search for
and produce. Further, the solicitors would also have been expected to examine
what the Bank in fact produced and consider, in this light, what classes of
documents seemed to be missing.

48 The Bank in the present case is a large corporate entity with many
employees and working parts. How does a solicitor’s duty in respect of his
client’s disclosure operate where the client is a corporate being? In _Koh
Teck Hee (trading as Mui Teck Heng Garments & Trading Co) v Leow Swee Lim
(trading as Meyoung Trading)_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 328 (at [21]), K S Rajah JC
adopted the opinion of Megarry J in _Rockwell Machine Tool Co Ltd v E P Barrus
(Concessionaires) Ltd and Others_ [1968] 1 WLR 693 (at 694) that the
solicitor’s duty extends to ensuring that knowledge and appreciation of the
scope of the discovery obligations are passed on to any in the corporation who
might be affected by it. We respectfully agree. As to how and what it means in
practical terms to discharge such a duty, the advice of the learned authors in
_Disclosure_ (at para 18.08) is instructive:

Where the client is a business organisation, a visit to its premises will be
useful also to gain an insight to the way the business is administered, how
and when documents are generated, and the personalities of the people
involved. All of this knowledge will assist the solicitor, both in locating
documents which may be subject to the disclosure obligation, and in dealing
with any queries on, or criticisms of, the client’s disclosure once given.
This will save time and costs later. ... In some cases it may be a good idea
to circulate all relevant employees giving general information about the
disclosure process, and enquiring whether any relevant files or documents are
or have been held by them.

49 As we have stated (at [47] above), we do not think that the two emails
disclosed could have been the full extent of the advice on discovery rendered
to the Bank by its solicitors. On the other hand, we simply do not know
whether the solicitors here had taken all the steps they ought to have. Of the
newly disclosed documents, the documents in the second, third and last classes
of documents (as identified in the solicitors’ letter, see [39] above) appear
to us to be the sort that would likely have emerged had the solicitors taken
the appropriate steps we have set out above. Further, we would be surprised
and concerned if the commercial staff of the Bank felt able to form their own
view as to the relevance and discoverability of the orders of Clients A, B and
C without obtaining any legal advice on the matter, including from the Bank’s
in-house legal team. Even, a simple investigation into the daily operations of
the Bank should have revealed that the Bank’s credit department generated
daily margin chasers and their relevance should have been readily apparent to
the in-house lawyers and the solicitors. These observations as to what would
or could have been done in respect of the disclosures in this case are, in the
final analysis, somewhat hypothetical and speculative. Because the issue is
not before us, we say no more about the solicitors’ conduct of the discovery
in this case, but we take this opportunity to remind all solicitors of the
special duty they owe us in this aspect of administering justice.

The “right and opportunity to cross-examine” was materially impaired by the
non-disclosure of the newly disclosed evidence

50 Teo’s “right and opportunity to cross-examine” Ng at the First Trial was
materially impaired by the Bank’s non-disclosure of the newly disclosed
evidence. Much of the newly disclosed evidence was potentially prejudicial to
the Bank’s case that the Disputed Accumulators were authorised.

51 For instance, in respect of the daily chasers sent by the Bank’s credit
department to Ng pressing her to get Teo to top up his account, which was
under-margined as a result of the Disputed Accumulators, it was telling that
Ng did not respond for several days despite the mounting pressure.
Significantly, Ng also did nothing to convey this reminder to Teo. This
omission is inexplicable if the transactions were authorised. Moreover, some
correspondence or other documents that evidenced conversations between Ng and
her colleagues in relation to the events of 2 and 3 October 2007 revealed that
she was lying to them and this was simply inconsistent with the transactions
in question being fully authorised, as was the Bank’s case.

52 The newly disclosed evidence would undoubtedly have been used by Teo’s
counsel in his cross-examination of Ng at the First Trial had it been
available then. Had Ng not been able to satisfactorily explain these
documents, it would have gravely undermined Ng’s testimony and the Bank’s case
that the Disputed Accumulators were fully authorised.

53 Counsel for the Bank submitted that the Bank too was prejudiced by Ng’s
unavailability to testify at the Retrial as she might well have had a good
explanation for the evidence, which at first blush might appear prejudicial to
the Bank’s case. This might well be so, but it was the Bank’s own breach of
its discovery obligations that led to this. Moreover, the policy behind s 33
of the EA is to ensure reliability of the evidence where the best evidence, in
this case Ng actually testifying at the Retrial, is not available. It was not
just in these circumstances to proceed, as counsel for the Bank submitted, by
admitting Ng’s testimony and then balancing the potential prejudice to Teo by
giving that testimony the appropriately discounted weight.

54 In the circumstances, we hold that the cross-examination of Ng at the First
Trial was materially impaired and this was brought about by the Bank’s breach
of its discovery obligations. Accordingly, we hold that proviso (_b_) to s 33
was not satisfied in this case.

Our decision in Civil Appeal No 94 of 2012

55 We therefore hold that insofar as Ng’s evidence in her affidavits of
evidence in chief and oral testimony at the First Trial relates to facts which
are disputed between the parties, they are not admissible under s 33 of the EA
and are thus to be excluded. Specifically, the evidence is excluded for the
purpose of proving what happened on and after 2 and 3 October 2007. As Teo did
not dispute that the evidence may be admitted to prove background facts, _viz_
, the events before 2 and 3 October 2007, we allow it to stand to this extent.

56 We accordingly allow the appeal in Civil Appeal No 94 of 2012.

Civil Appeal No 59 of 2012

The Bank’s case

57 Counsel for the Bank submitted that the Bank’s case could stand even if
Ng’s affidavits of evidence in chief and oral testimony at the First Trial
were not admitted pursuant to s 33 of the EA in relation to the contested
facts and specifically, the events of 2 and 3 October 2007 and thereafter.
Counsel for the Bank listed the following facts in support of his argument:

(a) Teo was a sophisticated investor who had been a private banking client of
Ng for a number of years;

(b) On the basis of the 14 undisputed accumulators and the fact that he had
received terms sheets for them, Teo was well versed in accumulators and knew
how they worked;

(c) The evidence showed that Teo’s risk appetite was growing from July to
September and at one stage, his total exposure under the accumulators was some
$5.7m. So, to enter into the Disputed Accumulators with such a large exposure
was not out of character;

(d) The market was rising at the material time. If the market had continued to
rise, Teo could have expected to see a quick knock-out of the accumulators
which would have allowed him to make a quick profit;

(e) There was a prevailing “China fever” or an “S-Chip fever” in Singapore. CE
and Cosco shares were doing very well during this period, and this was
evidenced by the various analyst reports and articles produced by the Bank at
the trials;

(f) On the morning of 2 October 2007, Ng sent an SMS to Teo stating “Ok, last
night [US] very good. Rally shld continue. Can I do somemore? Looking at china
energy, cosco, ferrochina. [_sic_]”. Teo called Ng 6 seconds after receiving
the SMS and they _must_ have talked about S-chip shares and the establishment
of more such accumulators. Teo under cross-examination conceded that he spoke
to Ng, although he denied agreeing to the establishment of the Disputed
Accumulators;

(g) The chronology of events on 2 and 3 October 2007, was consistent with Ng
taking orders from clients and _then_ placing them through PBA;

(h) Term sheets detailing the Disputed Accumulators were sent to Teo,
suggesting that there was full transparency on the Bank’s part;

(i) Teo did not unequivocally object to the transactions when he found out
about them. When he met the management of the Bank, he expressed concern only
with the _extent_ of the exposure, and did not allege that the transactions
were wholly unauthorised; and

(j) Teo inquired about the unwinding costs of the Disputed Accumulators,
suggesting that he knew he had made a bad bet and was thinking of cutting his
losses.

58 As the plaintiff, the Bank bore the burden of proof. In its Statement of
Claim,[note: 18] the Bank claimed against Teo the full amounts due under the
Disputed Accumulators on the basis of their specific terms. Its case was that
the Disputed Accumulators were _fully_ authorised. The Bank consequently bore
the burden of showing that this was in fact so. In order to do so, the Bank
had to prove that Ng spoke to and obtained Teo’s authorisation on 2 and 3
October 2007 to transact the Disputed Accumulators on the terms on which they
were in fact done. This, after all, was its pleaded case.

59 Given our ruling that the Bank cannot rely on Ng’s evidence to prove what
transpired on and after 2 and 3 October 2007, the Bank faced a considerable
hurdle, and this was not mitigated by the array of facts that counsel for the
Bank presented. Many of these facts showed the occasion and even possibly the
motivation for Teo to enter into the transactions. But without more, this
would not suffice to discharge the Bank’s burden of proving that in fact the
establishment of all the Disputed Accumulators were authorised – not merely
that Teo was familiar with them and might well have contemplated entering into
them.

The hurdles faced by the Bank in proving its case

Ng’s inaction in the face of intense pressure from the Bank’s credit
department

60 It is not disputed between the parties that after 3 October 2007, there was
a complete absence of communications between Ng and Teo until 11 October 2007.
The newly disclosed evidence showed that from 4 October 2007 onwards, the
Bank’s credit department sent emails to Ng several times daily. These came
from different persons pressing her to get Teo to pay monies into his under-
margined account to regularise it. The pressure on Ng from the Bank’s credit
department was substantial and it mounted as the days went by but without any
action by her to regularise the position. On 8 and 9 October 2007, emails were
sent to Ng informing her that her ability to trade was suspended and would
remain so until the position was regularised.[note: 19] Despite this, Ng did
not contact Teo until 11 October 2007.

61 These emails also showed that Ng was being taken to task by others within
the Bank for having entered into the transactions in Teo’s account contrary to
the terms on which she had been authorised by the Bank. In an email on 8
October 2007 from Tay Lian See (“Tay”), head of the Bank’s credit department,
Ng was reminded that the clients’ accounts had to be fully funded to the
extent of the Maximum Obligation _before_ the accumulators were
established.[note: 20] Ng had breached the Bank’s internal policy and the
terms of her own authority when she booked the Disputed Accumulators in Teo’s
account without Teo already having sufficiently funded his account to the tune
of the Maximum Obligation. That this had been so even on previous occasions
does not detract from the intense pressure Ng came under on this occasion, as
she was asked repeatedly to ensure that Teo urgently paid the required monies
into his account. Inexplicably, she did nothing of the sort.

Ng’s persistent failure to tape her calls with her clients

62 As much as the difficulties in this case were caused in the first instance
by Ng’s failure to use her recorded telephone line provided by the Bank when
taking orders from Teo and her other clients, even when it had become apparent
that a dispute between the Bank and Teo was a real possibility, and even after
she had been specifically directed to use the recorded telephone line, Ng
persisted in using her personal handphone when speaking to Teo. On or around
12 November 2007, Tay specifically instructed Ng to use the Bank’s recorded
telephone line when speaking to Teo. The Bank at this time was under the
impression that Teo was vacillating on his liability to the Bank, and Tay
wanted any conversations to be recorded.[note: 21] Ng claimed that she spoke
to Teo after this on 14 November 2007, but despite instructions to the
contrary, she apparently did so on her personal handphone. She claimed that
this was because she had already left the office at 9pm.[note: 22] Similarly,
her subsequent telephone conversations with Teo between 15 November and 19
November 2007 were all unrecorded.

63 Teo submitted that such conduct on Ng’s part cast doubts on the Bank’s
claim that Teo had fully authorised Ng to enter into the Disputed Accumulators
on his behalf.[note: 23]

Ng was lying to the Bank’s credit department

64 Some emails in the newly disclosed evidence revealed that Ng had lied to
her colleagues from the credit department on several occasions.

65 On 8 October 2007, Ng’s assistant Paul Neo (“Neo”) sent an email on Ng’s
instructions to Chee Eng Sim (“Chee”) of the Bank’s credit department
requesting approval for a loan on Teo’s behalf (as well as that of other
clients) to settle the under-margined position in his account.[note: 24] The
loan requested on Teo’s behalf was for S$118,057.57. In this email, Neo stated
that “[a]s spoken with [Ng], clients will fund in money this week”. This was a
remarkable contention because, as noted above, Ng did not have any contact
with Teo during this period until 11 October 2007 at the earliest. Teo
submitted that Ng was making up this story to mislead Chee.[note: 25]

66 Another document in the newly disclosed evidence was a transcript of a
telephone conversation between Ng and Neo on 12 November 2007.[note: 26] In
this conversation, Ng instructed Neo to draft an email to Ng’s superior Paul
Kwek (“Kwek”) requesting approval for Teo to draw down on a loan to pay for
the shares acquired under the Disputed Accumulators, and also to inform Kwek
that Teo would be selling some of his shares over the following days to raise
funds for this purpose. Neo duly sent an email to Kwek at 4.05pm conveying
this.[note: 27] However, Ng’s telephone records showed that she only attempted
to call Teo at 6.45pm on that day and was not able to reach him. In fact, the
last time she had spoken to Teo was an entire week earlier on 5 November 2007.
Ng had not gotten any such instructions from Teo and was concocting falsehoods
to mislead the Bank’s credit department.[note: 28] Moreover, by this time, Ng
knew that Teo was disputing these transactions.

67 More disturbing was the tone of the conversation between Ng and Neo. First,
when Neo informed Ng on the following day that the amount in Teo’s Singapore
dollar deposit account was insufficient to meet payments falling due in
respect of the acquisitions to be made under the Disputed Accumulators, Ng
replied:[note: 29]

Tomorrow’s most likely I would sell [shares] off for him. So don’t take loan,
never mind, tomorrow we just sell.

The tone of the exchange was that Ng would deal with Teo’s account on her own,
without even seeking Teo’s authorisation. Later in the conversation, Ng told
Neo:[note: 30]

No, no, no, no, you don’t put that. You say that er... yah, client will sell
some shares tomorrow er, you say his Neptune Orient NOL maybe, then tomorrow
he then change his mind lah. (Laughs)

In essence, Ng was laying out a plan of the story they would tell of Teo’s
purported intentions, and of how they could cover this lie up with another,
namely that Teo had subsequently changed his mind. There is a seriously
disturbing tone in these exchanges that does not sit well with the trust that
customers are invited to place in their bankers.

68 Lastly as we have observed (above at [62]), Ng claimed to have called and
spoken to Teo on her personal handphone on 14 November 2007. However, her
telephone records do not show such a phone call having been made. Notably,
when the Bank later prepared for this litigation a document entitled
“Chronology of emails and phone calls relating to margin calls for the 5
Disputed Energy Accumulators”,[note: 31] the alleged phone call on 14 November
2007 was not listed. It may be that she was lying on this occasion also.[note:
32]

69 In our view, Ng’s lies to her own back office made no sense if the Disputed
Accumulators were in fact fully and properly authorised. Moreover, Teo’s
assertions gain strength from the fact that he made and then maintained them
well before he had access to some of this incriminating evidence, which only
emerged from the Bank at a very late stage.

The evidence in support of the Bank’s case

70 We consider the evidence in support of the Bank’s case.

Phone calls were made on 2 and 3 October 2007 and accumulators were booked

71 The Bank relied primarily on the fact that there _were_ a number of calls
between Ng and Teo on 2 and 3 October 2007. But this does not tell us what was
said. It was the Bank’s case that during these phone conversations, Ng and Teo
generally discussed S-Chip shares and specifically, the possibility of
entering into further CE accumulators. We might agree that this was in all
probability likely to have been discussed. We might also agree with the Bank
and the Retrial Judge[note: 33] that in respect of the phone calls on 2
October 2007, given that Teo had called Ng just seconds after he received an
SMS from her asking if he wanted to enter into more S-Chip accumulators after
a good rally the night before, it is more likely than not that they did
discuss S-Chip shares and the prospect of entering into further CE
accumulators. In respect of the phone calls on 3 October 2007, we might
similarly agree, since she had spoken to PBA just prior to calling Teo and had
told them that she would take her clients’ orders for CE accumulators before
getting back to them, that when she did speak to Teo, it was to discuss the
prospect of entering into more CE accumulators.[note: 34] However, this was
just not sufficient. As we have pointed out (see above at [58]), the Bank as
the plaintiff bore the burden of proving its pleaded case, and its pleaded
case was that Teo had _authorised_ Ng to transact the _exact volume_ of CE
accumulators on the _terms_ on which the Disputed Accumulators were
transacted. Ng’s testimony at the First Trial, had it stood up to proper
cross-examination, could have been relevant to prove this but, as we have
ruled, that is not admissible.

72 We acknowledge that Ng did book the Disputed Accumulators into Teo’s
account. The Bank submitted that the chronology of events on 2 and 3 October
2007 was consistent with Ng taking orders from her clients and then placing
them with PBA in accordance with such instructions.[note: 35] We do not
disagree with the Retrial Judge’s methodical analysis of the order of the
various phone calls on 2 and 3 October 2007 and the conclusion that the
sequence of events was _not inconsistent_ with Ng obtaining Teo’s instructions
before booking the Disputed Accumulators in his account (see the Retrial
Judgment at [46] and [63]).[note: 36] However, the Retrial Judge reached his
ultimate conclusions on the basis of admitting and accepting Ng’s earlier
evidence. The position is dramatically different on our view of this evidence.

73 Moreover, Ng’s subsequent conduct immediately after 2 and 3 October 2007
(see [60]–[61] above) does not sit well with the conclusions suggested by the
Bank.

Teo’s slowness is denouncing the Disputed Accumulators

74 In favour of the Bank’s case, it is noteworthy that Teo had been less than
forthright in denouncing the Disputed Accumulators when he first learnt about
them. The Bank submitted that Teo’s seeming ambivalence suggested that the
transactions were not unauthorised. One would expect a victim of an
unauthorised trade that gave rise to such large exposures to react much more
definitively to disclaim it as soon as he became aware of its existence.[note:
37] According to Teo, on 16 October 2007 he learnt for the first time from Ng
that she had entered into the Disputed Accumulators and the Sembcorp
Accumulator (entry number 20 of the Table of Accumulators, see [6] above),
which according to her left him facing a Maximum Obligation of some $9m. He
said that he was at a cake shop in Bukit Timah when she called to tell him
this and he “blew up” on learning this. He allegedly told her that these were
not authorised and certainly not to such a large extent. During their next
phone call on 18 October 2007, Ng informed him that the Sembcorp Accumulator
had been knocked-out and he agreed to accept that transaction since it caused
him no loss. He said that she then asked for time to resolve the Disputed
Accumulators with her superiors and he agreed. The Bank submitted that if the
Disputed Accumulators were in fact unauthorised, he would have immediately
complained directly to the Bank’s management, rather than trust Ng, the very
person who had gotten him into the predicament, to resolve the matter.[note:
38] After their conversation on 18 October 2007, there was no further contact
between them for nearly 3 weeks.

75 In our view, all this was to be seen in the light of a long and seemingly
successful relationship that Teo had until then enjoyed with Ng. Ng had been
his relationship manager from 2004 when she had been with Citibank. When she
left Citibank for the Bank in 2006, she successfully persuaded him to transfer
his business and open a private banking account with the latter. Given this
long relationship, it was entirely plausible that he would have first thought
that she would be an ally in trying to resolve the situation by accepting the
responsibility and working it out with her superiors. We do not disagree with
the Retrial Judge that Teo _could_ have gone directly to Ng’s superiors
immediately.[note: 39] But this must be tempered with an understanding of the
reality of their relationship. Teo’s friend, one David Lim (“Lim”), a remisier
with DMG Partners Securities, gave evidence that sometime in November 2007,
when Teo told him that Ng had carried out some unauthorised trades on his
account, he advised Teo to speak to Ng’s superior.[note: 40] Teo said that he
arranged to meet Ng’s superior, Kwek, after being so advised by Lim. Lim’s
evidence was not seriously challenged by the Bank.

76 Second, as we have noted, Ng was lying to her colleagues about various
matters during this period (see above at [64]–[69]). In our judgment, given
this evidence of her lack of candour, it might have been just as likely that
she was lying to Teo, as he contended was the case, with assurances that she
would resolve the issue with her superiors.

77 Third, we note that in relation to his evidence as to the phone calls of 16
and 18 October 2007, Teo was broadly consistent in his account of these events
from the affidavit he first filed in response to the Bank’s application for
summary judgment in January 2009,[note: 41] through each of his subsequent
testimonies including his affidavit of evidence in chief affirmed in September
2009,[note: 42] his testimony under cross-examination at the First Trial in
November 2009,[note: 43] and his testimony under cross-examination at the
Retrial in January 2012.[note: 44] Teo, unlike Ng, was present at both the
First Trial and the Retrial, and faced cross-examination on this issue by
counsel for the Bank twice. His testimony, in essence that he had agreed to
give Ng time to resolve the issue with her supervisors, did not waver and
remained broadly consistent.

Teo’s receipt of confirmation notes, term sheets and monthly statements of
accounts

78 Counsel for the Bank made much of the fact that Teo had received from the
Bank letters containing confirmation notes and term sheets detailing the terms
of the Disputed Accumulators as well a monthly statement of his account for
the month of October. The Bank contended that despite these documents
expressly requiring the client to inform the bank immediately of any
transaction stated therein that was not in accordance with his instructions or
of any error, Teo had failed to do so.[note: 45] The Bank argued that Teo’s
evidence, that although he received and opened some of these documents he
never read them, was “convenient” and could not be believed.

79 In our view, this misses the fact that the evidence from the Bank’s Head of
Internal Audit, Cecilia Goh, showed that such documents took at least two and
a half weeks from the time they were generated to when the client received
them.[note: 46] By the time Teo received them, on his version of events, he
had already raised an objection with Ng on 16 October 2007 (see [74]) above).
These documents therefore do not add anything to the Bank’s case.

Teo’s payment of $160,000 to the Bank

80 On 7 November 2007, Teo issued the Bank a cheque for $160,000. This was
used to pay for some CE shares that had been delivered under the Disputed
Accumulators. The Bank argued that Teo’s payment, made without any
qualifications or reservations, evidenced his having authorised the Disputed
Accumulators.[note: 47] The Bank pointed out that all of Teo’s previous
accumulators had been knocked out, and, as he should have been aware, he had a
positive balance of assets worth at least $500,000 in his account. It was
submitted that Teo must have known that he had more than sufficient assets to
satisfy any liabilities that might have arisen under any other authorised or
undisputed transactions. As against this, Teo’s case was that Ng asked him to
make this payment and he did so believing that it was required in connection
with some undisputed accumulators.[note: 48] Teo maintained that he did not
monitor the details of his transactions and acted primarily on the basis of
his discussions with Ng. This is unsurprising in all the circumstances of this
case and when dealing with a banker who was required to record such
conversations. Teo, of course, was not aware that Ng usually did not record
their conversations. In the circumstances, it was not implausible that he made
this payment without being specifically aware that it was for the Disputed
Accumulators.[note: 49] In the absence of any admissible evidence to the
contrary from Ng, there was no basis for rejecting Teo’s version.

The picture that emerges from the evidence

81 In reviewing the totality of the evidence, it cannot be denied that there
_were_ difficulties with Teo’s case, which was that the Disputed Accumulators
were _completely_ unauthorised. Having regard to the telephone conversations
that undoubtedly took place between Ng and Teo during this period, and the
orders that Ng was placing with PBA it would be implausible that they _never_
discussed entering into these accumulators.

82 It is likely in our view, having regard to the objective facts that stand,
quite apart from Ng’s evidence, that Teo and Ng did discuss the establishment
of _some_ of the Disputed Accumulators. In this regard, the Bank relied on
various meetings Teo had with the Bank’s management team on 20 and 28 November
2007 and 5 December 2007, during which, it was said, Teo only complained about
the _level and size_ of his exposure under the Disputed Accumulators.[note:
50] This was the evidence of the Bank’s employees who were present at the
meetings and it was reflected in the contemporaneous notes of these meetings
as well as in subsequent correspondence with Teo. But it was never the Bank’s
case that only _some_ of the Disputed Accumulators were authorised and the
objective facts, even taking at face value the evidence of what transpired at
these meetings, simply do not suffice to establish on a balance of
probabilities that _all_ the Disputed Accumulators had been fully authorised
on the terms in which they had been entered into.

83 Teo maintained that he had at various times indicated to Ng the limits
within which he was prepared to enter into accumulators, and that these were
far lower than the level of the exposure he faced under the Disputed
Accumulators. He was adamant that his appetite for risk was never to this
extent. This might have played on Teo’s mind in his subsequent dealings with
the Bank. But it was ultimately irrelevant to this case because the Bank was
not claiming anything other than the full extent of the liability for the
Disputed Accumulators. In the final analysis, this was what the Bank had to
prove and there was nothing to show that Teo ever accepted that he had
authorised the establishment of all the Disputed Accumulators.

84 The Bank as the plaintiff bore the burden of proving that Ng had been
authorised by Teo to establish _each_ of the five Disputed Accumulators on
their _exact terms_. In all the circumstances, and especially given:

(a) that the Bank cannot rely on Ng’s evidence;

(b) Ng’s unexplained inaction from 3 October to 11 October 2007; and

(c) Ng’s deliberate attempts to lie and mislead even her own colleagues in the
Bank;

we find that the Bank has failed to discharge its burden of proving that Teo
had specifically authorised the establishment of the Disputed Accumulators.

The Bank’s estoppel argument

85 The Bank’s further and alternative argument was that Teo was estopped from
claiming that the Disputed Accumulators were unauthorised because by his
conduct he had represented that they were authorised. In our judgment, this
was little more than an attempt to make up by numbers, what the Bank’s case
(without Ng’s evidence) lacked in substance and we can dispose of it shortly.
A concise statement of the law of estoppel by representation may be found in
our decision in _Pertamina Energy Trading Limited v Credit Suisse_ [2006] 4
SLR(R) 273 (“ _Pertamina Energy_ ”) at [72]:

In _Greenwood_ , the House of Lords held that in order for estoppel to
succeed, three conditions must prevail: (a) _a representation or conduct
amounting to representation intended to induce a course of action on the part
of the person to whom the representation was made_ ; (b) _an act or omission
resulting from the representation by the person to whom the representation was
made_ ; and (c) _detriment to such person as a consequence of the act or
omission_. It was also declared that silence can indeed amount to a
representation if there is an existing duty to disclose knowledge. In essence,
where the customer has actual knowledge of any forgery or unauthorised
issuance of payment instructions and fails to inform the bank accordingly, the
customer is prevented from raising the forgery. [emphasis added]

86 The Bank argued that Teo represented that the Disputed Accumulators were
authorised by:[note: 51]

(a) keeping silent and inactive for more than a month after he received the
confirmation notes and term sheets for the Disputed Accumulators and the
monthly statement of accounts for October 2007 showing the Disputed
Accumulators;

(b) making payment of the sum of $160,000 on 7 November 2007 to the Bank
without qualification and reservation, such sum being payment for shares
acquired under the Disputed Accumulators; and

(c) instructing Ng on 16 November 2007 to sell 180,000 CE shares, 120,000 of
which were acquired pursuant to the Disputed Accumulators.

It claimed that as a result of relying on such representation, it suffered
detriment in continuing to purchase CE shares under the Disputed Accumulators
from its counterparties, and in having to pay higher unwinding costs to its
counterparties than it would have if it had unwound the transactions on 16
October 2007 (when Teo first learnt of them).

87 Teo, in response, argued that no such representation had been made because
he had objected to the Disputed Accumulators when Ng spoke to him on 16 and 18
October 2007, and, in any event, when he met Kwek on 20 November 2007.[note:
52] He further argued that the Bank had failed to plead the steps it would
have taken on learning that the Disputed Accumulators were unauthorised, and
that it had also failed to lead any evidence to show what it could and would
have done to minimise its loss from the Disputed Accumulators (as required of
it; see _Pertamina Energy_ at [85]).[note: 53] Lastly, Teo submitted that the
evidence actually showed that even after the Bank knew that Teo was alleging
that the Disputed Accumulators were unauthorised, it took the opposite view
and maintained that they were authorised.[note: 54]

88 In our judgment, the Bank’s claim fails, first because there was no
evidence of any representation by Teo to the bank. On the basis of Teo’s
evidence, he had disclaimed the Disputed Accumulators in his conversations
with Ng on 16 and 18 October 2007. Moreover, on the evidence before us, it was
Ng who was misrepresenting the position to her colleagues in the Bank.
Secondly, the Bank has not shown that it had suffered detriment by reason of
any such representation. Teo’s position that the Disputed Accumulators were
unauthorised was made known to the Bank, at the latest, by the time of Teo’s
emails to Kwek on 21 November 2007, 23 November 2007 or 11 December
2007.[note: 55] Yet, the Bank, presumably relying on Ng’s version of events,
did not take immediate steps to unwind the Disputed Accumulators. Instead, the
Bank continued to acquire CE shares under the Disputed Accumulators from its
counterparties and only unwound these transactions in April 2008, some 4
months later.[note: 56] In the circumstances, it cannot be said that the Bank
had _relied_ on any representation from Teo, nor that it had suffered any
detriment as a result. Instead, it had mistakenly concluded that it would be
able to prove that the Disputed Accumulators were authorised and so did not
unwind them earlier. For these reasons, the Bank’s estoppel claim also fails.

Teo’s counterclaim for wrongful liquidation of assets and monies set off

89 Given that the Bank fails on its claim against Teo for the Disputed
Accumulators, it must follow that Teo’s counterclaim for wrongful liquidation
of his assets which were held by the Bank and wrongful set off of monies in
his accounts by way of payment for the Disputed Accumulators must succeed.
These assets and monies were Teo’s to begin with. As the Bank was not able to
prove that the Disputed Accumulators were authorised, it had no right to
appropriate these assets and monies in order to effect payment for them.

90 Finally, we turn to the separate head of counterclaim brought by Teo for
breach of statutory duty under s 27 of the FAA, to which we have already
referred (see [10] above). Given Teo’s experience with accumulators aside from
the Disputed Accumulators, there is no basis for such a counterclaim, and it
was therefore unsurprising that it was never pursued by Teo.

Our decision in Civil Appeal No 59 of 2012

91 The appeal in Civil Appeal No 59 of 2012 is therefore allowed and the
Bank’s claims against Teo are dismissed.

92 Teo’s counterclaim against the Bank for wrongful liquidation of his assets
and for wrongful set off of any cash balances in his account is allowed. We
accordingly order an account to be taken of such assets and monies. The Bank
is to pay such sum found to be due to Teo with interest from the date of such
wrongful liquidation and/or set off to the date of payment at the rate of 3%
per annum. If the account and the extent of any repayment due to Teo cannot be
agreed between the parties, the matter is to be remitted to the Retrial Judge
for determination. The parties are to write to the Registry within one month
to request a Pre-Trial Conference to be fixed for the matter to be set down to
be heard before the Retrial Judge if this is necessary.

Costs

93 In _Myers v Elman_ , the solicitor was ordered by the court to personally
pay the costs of the proceedings on the ground of his dereliction of duty in
relation to his client’s discovery. There, the solicitor left the supervision
of the discovery process to his clerk. As a result his clients made and filed
affidavits of documents which, in the context of that litigation, the
solicitor, had he been apprised of the facts, would have _known_ were
inadequate and false. There is no occasion for us to make such an order in
this case for two reasons. First, the extent to which the solicitors, if at
all, had failed in their duty to the court in relation to the discovery in
this case was not clear (see above at [49]). Second, and more importantly, the
Bank in this case was not lacking in resources or sophistication. It had an
in-house legal team that was also working on this matter and we would have
expected the Bank’s in-house legal team to make reasonable inquiries and to
initiate elementary steps to understand exactly what the Bank’s discovery
obligations were, had they entertained any doubts on this. Unfortunately, that
was apparently not done.

94 We order costs here and below to Teo. These are to be taxed if not agreed.
There will be the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]CA 99/2010 Judgment at [20].

[note: 2]CA 99/2010 Judgment at [21]–[22].

[note: 3]CA 99/2010 Judgment at [23].

[note: 4]CA 99/2010 Judgment at [30].

[note: 5]Record of Appeal (Volume II) (Part B) at pp 13–19; Appellant’s Core
Bundle (Volume II) (Part A) at p 75–79 (20th Affidavit of Jean-Luc Anglada
affirmed on 14 October 2011).

[note: 6]Retrial Judgement at [37].

[note: 7]Retrial Judgement at [39].

[note: 8]Appellant’s Case at paras 56–58.

[note: 9]Record of Appeal (Volume II) (Part B) at pp 13–19; Appellant’s Core
Bundle (Volume II) (Part A) at 75–79 at para 19 (20th Affidavit of Jean-Luc
Anglada affirmed on 14 October 2011).

[note: 10]Letter from Supreme Court Registry to WongPartnership LLP dated 20
March 2013.

[note: 11]Letter from WongPartnership LLP to Supreme Court Registry dated 3
April 2013.

[note: 12]Letter from WongPartnership LLP to Supreme Court Registry dated 3
April 2013 at paras 3–20.

[note: 13]Letter from WongPartnership LLP to Supreme Court Registry dated 3
April 2013 at paras 31–40.

[note: 14]Letter from WongPartnership LLP to Supreme Court Registry dated 3
April 2013 at paras 50–53.

[note: 15]Letter from WongPartnership LLP to Supreme Court Registry dated 3
April 2013 at paras 43–45.

[note: 16]Letter from WongPartnership LLP to Supreme Court Registry dated 3
April 2013 at para 59.

[note: 17]Letter from WongPartnership LLP to Supreme Court Registry dated 3
April 2013 at Tab 15.

[note: 18]Record of Appeal (Volume II) (Part A) at p 112–153 (Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 3)).

[note: 19]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part R) at p 18; Appellant’s Core
Bundle (Volume II) (Part C) at p 123.

[note: 20]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part R) at p 6.

[note: 21]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part W) at pp 227–228.

[note: 22]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part R) at pp 107–110.

[note: 23]Appellant’s Case at para 701.

[note: 24]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part R) at pp 6–8.

[note: 25]Appellant’s Case at paras 663–665.

[note: 26]Record of Appeal (Volume IV) (Part Y) at p 35–45.

[note: 27]Record of Appeal (Volume V) (Part R) at p 95–97.

[note: 28]Appellant’s Case at para 687.

[note: 29]Record of Appeal (Volume IV) (Part Y) at p 39.

[note: 30]Record of Appeal (Volume IV) (Part Y) at p 40.

[note: 31]Record of Appeal (Volume IV) (Part Y) at pp 105–111.

[note: 32]Appellant’s Case at para 700.

[note: 33]Retrial Judgment at [50].

[note: 34]Retrial Judgment at [65].

[note: 35]Respondent’s Case at paras 245–248, 264–268.

[note: 36]Retrial Judgment at [46] and [63].

[note: 37]Respondent’s Case at paras 307–314.

[note: 38]Respondent’s Case at para 313(a).

[note: 39]Retrial Judgment at [74].

[note: 40]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part L) at pp 288–230 (Affidavit of
Evidence in Chief of David Lim Kiam Seng sworn on 11 September 2009).

[note: 41]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part C) at pp 35–37 (Affidavit of Teo
Wai Cheong affirmed on 29 January 2009).

[note: 42]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part L) at pp 27–30 (Affidavit of
Evidence in Chief of Teo Wai Cheong affirmed on 15 September 2009).

[note: 43]Record of Appeal (Volume IV) (Part O) at pp 177–188 (Teo Wai
Cheong’s evidence under cross-examination).

[note: 44]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part Z) at pp 245–265, 292–300 (Teo
Wai Cheong’s evidence under cross-examination).

[note: 45]Respondent’s Case at paras 79–84.

[note: 46]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part W) at p 16 (Cecilia Goh’s
evidence under cross-examination).

[note: 47]Respondent’s Case at para 322–337.

[note: 48]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part L) at p 30–31 (Teo Wai Cheong’s
Affidavit of Evidence in Chief affirmed on 15 September 2009).

[note: 49]Record of Appeal (Volume III) (Part Z) at p 292–300 and Record of
Appeal (Volume III) (Part AA) at p 1–3 (Teo Wai Cheong’s evidence under cross-
examination).

[note: 50]Respondent’s Case at p 142–157.

[note: 51]Respondent’s Case at para 505.

[note: 52]Appellant’s Case at paras 825, 827 and 834.

[note: 53]Appellant’s Case at paras 845–848.

[note: 54]Appellant’s Case at para 851.

[note: 55]Appellant’s Case at para 860.

[note: 56]Record of Appeal (Volume II) (Part A) at p 144–145 (Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 3) at paras 49–50).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 May 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

