Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  EFT Holdings, Inc and another _v_ Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and
another  
[2013] SGCA 64

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 3 of 2013 and Summons No 3558 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alvin Yeo, SC, Chen Xinping and Debra Lam
(WongPartnership LLP) for the appellants; Haridass Ajaib and Mohammad Haireez
(Haridass Ho & Partners) for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  EFT Holdings, Inc and another — Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte
Ltd and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this matter arose is reported
at [2013] 1 SLR 1254.]

29 November 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court Judge (“the Judge”)
in Suit No 571 of 2010 (“the Suit”) dismissing the appellants’ claim against
the respondents in respect of an alleged conspiracy by unlawful means. The
Judge’s decision is reported as _EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik
Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and others_ [2013] 1 SLR 1254 (“the Judgment”). The
present appeal raises some important issues as to the requisite mental element
that must be established to sustain a claim for conspiracy by unlawful means;
and on the principles and practice of pleading and proof of foreign law, in
particular, in the context of a tort with foreign elements. At the end of the
hearing, we reserved our decision and invited the parties to make further
submissions on the issue of the mental element that must be proved for the
tort of unlawful means conspiracy. We address all these issues, as well as the
appeal against the Judge’s factual findings, in this judgment.

Background to the appeal

Parties to the dispute

2 The first respondent, Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd (“Marinteknik”)
is a company incorporated in Singapore. Marinteknik is in the business of
building and repairing ships, tankers and other ocean-going vessels. One David
Liang and his family own Marinteknik.[note: 1] The second respondent,
Priscilla Lim (“Ms Lim”), has been a director of Marinteknik since 8 January
1993.[note: 2]

3 The first appellant (“1st Appellant”) is a company incorporated in the
United States of America. On 30 June 2008, the 1st Appellant agreed to invest
US$19.193m to acquire shares in Excalibur International Marine Corporation
(“EIMC”), a company that had been incorporated in Taiwan on 29 June
2006.[note: 3] The second appellant (“2nd Appellant”) is a subsidiary of the
1st Appellant and was incorporated in Taiwan on 6 November 2008 to hold the
acquired shares in EIMC.[note: 4] EIMC is a ferry operator that had been
granted a licence to operate a ferry service across the Straits of
Taiwan.[note: 5]

4 There were two other parties to the Suit. Mr Hsiao Zhong-Xing (“Mr Hsiao”),
who was the third defendant in the Suit, was a director of EIMC.[note: 6] The
fourth defendant in the Suit, Mr Lu Tso-Chun (“Mr Lu”), was thought to be a
shareholder of EIMC pursuant to an agreement he entered into with EIMC on 11
July 2006 (“the Investment Agreement”).

5 In the Suit, which was filed on 2 August 2010, the appellants claimed that
the respondents, Mr Hsiao and Mr Lu had together engaged in a conspiracy by
unlawful means to artificially inflate EIMC’s paid-up capital by creating
false documents which resulted in EIMC’s equity and assets being overstated in
its financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2007. The
appellants claimed that Mr Lu never actually paid for the shares allotted to
him in EIMC, contrary to what was stated in a number of documents. The
overstated paid-up capital led the appellants to believe that EIMC was
financially robust and induced them to invest in EIMC.[note: 7] The appellants
sued for damages or a refund of the invested sum of US$19.193m. Mr Hsiao and
Mr Lu did not enter an appearance to the Suit, and default judgment was
entered against them.[note: 8]

The transaction between the respondents and EIMC for two catamarans

6 The facts giving rise to the dispute date back to November 2005 soon after
Marinteknik commenced building two catamarans, Hull 189 and Hull 190 (“the
Hulls”), with a view to selling them. It was apparently a seller’s market in
the shipbuilding industry at that time and Marinteknik received many enquiries
concerning the possible purchase of the Hulls.[note: 9] EIMC was among those
that expressed interest in the Hulls. Mr Bill Duan (“Mr Duan”) of MaxMart
Shipping & Trading Co, Ltd, who Ms Lim knew as EIMC’s shipbroker in Taiwan,
introduced Mr Hsiao to Ms Lim.[note: 10] Mr Lu also visited Marinteknik’s
shipyard in Singapore with Mr Duan and Mr Hsiao in November 2005 to discuss
the purchase of the Hulls. Ms Lim was keen to sell the Hulls to EIMC to “give
Marinteknik-built catamarans an opening into the cross-strait trade between
Mainland China and Taiwan”.[note: 11] At that time, Mr Lu was not yet (even
ostensibly) a shareholder of EIMC though the impression conveyed was that he
was somehow connected with it.

7 On 15 November 2005, Marinteknik and Mr Lu entered into two contracts for
the sale and purchase of the Hulls (“the 2005 Shipbuilding Contracts”). The
purchase price for each hull was originally US$25m, but this was subsequently
increased to US$27.5m on 15 June 2006 due to some modification work.[note: 12]

8 According to Ms Lim, Mr Lu told her in late April or early May 2006 that he
wanted the 2005 Shipbuilding Contracts to be novated to EIMC. Mr Duan
subsequently contacted her in early May 2006 to confirm that EIMC would “take
over” the 2005 Shipbuilding Contracts from Mr Lu and that Mr Hsiao was in the
process of securing bank financing for EIMC for this purpose.[note: 13]
Between May 2006 and early July 2006, EIMC kept Ms Lim informed of its efforts
to secure bank financing for the Hulls.

9 In early July 2006, Ms Lim, evidently assured that EIMC had obtained bank
financing for the Hulls, travelled to Taiwan in order to finalise matters in
relation to EIMC’s purchase of the Hulls.[note: 14] During her visit to Taiwan
from 11 to 15 July 2006, Mr Duan and Mr Hsiao introduced Ms Lim to Mr Leo Wang
from Union Insurance Company (Taiwan) (“Union Insurance”) and representatives
from several other banks. These banks included Industrial Bank of Taiwan,
Fuhwa Bank (Taiwan) (“Fuhwa Bank”), and Taishin International Bank (Taiwan)
(“Taishin Bank”).[note: 15] The banks appeared keen to extend loans to EIMC in
the light of the opening of direct links in transport and trade between Taiwan
and China, and this further assured Ms Lim that EIMC would be able to meet its
payment obligations under the 2005 Shipbuilding Contracts.[note: 16]

10 In the meantime, EIMC and Mr Lu signed the Investment Agreement dated 11
July 2006 in Taiwan.[note: 17] This provided, among other things, that Mr Lu
would be allotted 48,750,000 ordinary shares in EIMC, and in return, Mr Lu
would novate the 2005 Shipbuilding Contracts to EIMC. It was implicit in cl 2
of the Investment Agreement that Mr Lu had paid US$15m to Marinteknik for the
Hulls and that the parties had agreed to enter into a tripartite agreement
with Marinteknik (“the Tripartite Agreement”) under which EIMC would assume Mr
Lu’s remaining debt of US$40m to Marinteknik. It is undisputed that Mr Lu had
not in fact paid US$15m to Marinteknik when the Tripartite Agreement was
signed.[note: 18] Marinteknik had in fact issued a letter dated 30 August 2006
rescinding the 2005 Shipbuilding Contracts as EIMC had yet to meet its payment
obligations despite repeated promises that it would do so.[note: 19]

11 The Hulls were completed before 8 December 2006.[note: 20]

12 Between 30 August 2006 (when Marinteknik issued its letter rescinding the
2005 Shipbuilding Contracts) and 9 April 2007, Mr Hsiao repeatedly urged Ms
Lim to give EIMC more time to pay for the Hulls.[note: 21] Ms Lim testified
that although the 2005 Shipbuilding Contracts had been rescinded by the letter
of 30 August 2006, Marintekink “kept the [2005 Shipbuilding Contracts] alive”
at Mr Hsiao’s request.[note: 22] As a matter of law, this was a contradiction
in terms but we understand it to mean that Marinteknik continued to hope that
a resolution could be found on the basis of the terms on which the 2005
Shipbuilding Contracts had been entered into. Ms Lim explained that she was
keen for the Hulls to be deployed in the cross-strait route between China and
Taiwan, and she had been told that EIMC had the exclusive licence to operate
the ferry service there.[note: 23] Ms Lim also referred Mr Hsiao to one of her
business contacts, Mr William Kim of Wooribank, Singapore (“Wooribank”), for
his assistance in obtaining bank financing.[note: 24] EIMC kept Ms Lim
informed of its attempts to secure bank financing from Wooribank, Union
Insurance and other banks in Taiwan.[note: 25] However, when payment for the
Hulls had still not been made by 9 April 2007, Marinteknik sent a letter of
that date to EIMC stating that the 2005 Shipbuilding Contracts had been
“officially rescinded”.[note: 26]

13 According to Ms Lim, Ms Hsiao at this time asked for yet another chance for
EIMC to comply with its payment obligations under the 2005 Shipbuilding
Contracts. Ms Lim was given to understand that EIMC needed to show that Mr Lu
had paid US$15m for the Hulls and that EIMC had acquired title to the Hulls.
This, she was told, would “enable Taiwanese banks to _refinance_ the purchase
price of [the Hulls]” [emphasis added].[note: 27] Between 9 and 24 April 2007,
Ms Lim claimed that she was told by Mr Hsiao and by various banks (including
The Chinese Bank (Taiwan), Wooribank, Chiao Tung Bank (Taiwan), Industrial
Bank of Taiwan and Fuhwa Bank)[note: 28] that the banks would provide a letter
of credit or a telegraphic transfer of monies for the Hulls on EIMC producing
documentary evidence that the Hulls had been paid for and that it had title to
the Hulls.[note: 29] Once such evidence was produced, the banks would register
a mortgage over the Hulls and release payment of the money to
Marinteknik.[note: 30] According to Ms Lim, once the payment from the banks
was made to the tune of US$40m, the Hulls would be delivered against EIMC
paying the remaining sum of US$15m.

14 Mr Hsiao apparently told Ms Lim that EIMC had to show evidence of title to
the Hulls in the form of “affidavits”.[note: 31] On 24 April 2007 at
Marinteknik’s shipyard in Singapore, Marinteknik, EIMC and Mr Lu signed two
“affidavits” in relation to the 2005 Shipbuilding Contracts (“the Transfer
Affidavits”). The Transfer Affidavits stated that Mr Lu and EIMC had paid for
the Hulls in full and in consideration of the payment, “100 percent of shares”
in the Hulls were transferred to Mr Lu. The Transfer Affidavits also stated
that Mr Lu had paid US$7.5m for each hull, and EIMC had paid US$20m for each
hull.[note: 32] Ms Lim said that she agreed to assist EIMC because Mr Hsiao
told her that he would provide evidence by 24 April 2007 that monies would be
remitted for the Hulls. In any case, the Transfer Affidavits would not in fact
transfer ownership of the Hulls to EIMC.[note: 33]

15 When Ms Lim did not receive evidence of the remittance of monies by the
close of business on 24 April 2007, she called Mr Hsiao, wanting it “to be
placed on record” that EIMC had not paid for the Hulls.[note: 34] On Mr
Hsiao’s suggestion, Marinteknik, EIMC and Mr Lu agreed to enter into two
addenda also dated 24 April 2007 (“the Transfer Affidavits Addenda”). The
Transfer Affidavits Addenda stipulated, among other things, that EIMC agreed
that Mr Lu had never paid Marinteknik US$7.5m for the Hulls and that title to
the Hulls had not been transferred to EIMC. The Transfer Affidavits Addenda
also provided that the Transfer Affidavits would become null and void if
payment for the Hulls was not made by 24 July 2007.

16 On 6 July 2007, Mr Hsiao sent Ms Lim two letters. The first was a letter
dated 5 July 2007 from the Industrial Bank of Taiwan (“IBT”) addressed to
Marinteknik in relation to the Hulls. IBT stated that they were “progressing
into the final stages of the conditions precedent to the issuance of the
letters of credit”.[note: 35] The second letter was from EIMC to Marinteknik
also dated 5 July 2007, and also in relation to the Hulls. This letter stated
that EIMC “now [had] exclusive licensing support from the TaiChung Harbor
Bureau and support from the wharf and ticketing offices, cargo and touring
groups”. It also stated that EIMC had increased its paid-up capital to US$15m
and “our book recognize the paid-up capital to increase around USD25 million
totally very soon”. EIMC also stated in the same letter that it was “working
very hard with our Bankers to fulfil the issuance of the letters of credit
which we expect to receive very soon”.[note: 36] Mr Hsiao also expressed that
that EIMC “hope[d] to sign many more vessels with [Marinteknik]”.[note: 37]

17 On 7 July 2007, Ms Lim wrote to Mr Hsiao noting that EIMC had provided
documentary evidence of its attempts to obtain financing despite the 2005
Shipbuilding Contracts having been “officially cancelled”. Ms Lim also stated
as follows:[note: 38]

…

Your pleas for assistance are continuously noted and highlighted to our
management. Should your financing with IBT be successful, we can in future
consider signing newbuilding vessels with you.

Good luck to you on your financing and hopefully we can work together again.

…

18 On 13 July 2007, Marinteknik signed a “Letter of Undertaking” under which
it agreed to assist EIMC to sell the Hulls to any third party at 75% of the
“original price sold to [EIMC]” in the event that EIMC was not able to fulfil
the conditions of a loan obtained from its bankers. Under the terms of the
“Letter of Undertaking”, if Marinteknik was able to sell the Hulls at a price
higher than 75% of the price that it had transacted with EIMC, it could keep
the difference. Marinteknik would also receive a fee of “two percent (2%) from
the Bankers based on the 75% original purchase price by the
Buyer/Owner”.[note: 39] Ms Lim testified that Fuhwa Bank and Taishin Bank
required Marinteknik to execute this as they wanted the assurance that
Marinteknik would help them to sell the Hulls should EIMC default on its bank
loans.[note: 40]

19 On 15 January 2008, EIMC still had not paid for the Hulls, and Marinteknik
sold the Hulls to a Hong Kong company, Giant Dragon Sea Transport Company
Limited, at US$30m for each hull.[note: 41]

The Ocean Lala, the Hull 189A and the Hull 190A

20 In April 2008, Mr Hsiao told Ms Lim that he wanted to purchase a secondhand
catamaran for its ferry service.[note: 42] He approached Ms Lim with a view to
purchase the _Ocean Lala_ (then called the _Nixe 2_), a Marinteknik-built
vessel which was then trading in Spain. Marinteknik had built this vessel and
sold it to a Spanish ferry operator in April 2004. The registered owner of the
_Nixe 2_ in April 2008 was Eurolineas Maritimas SA (“Eurolineas”).

21 On 17 June 2008, EIMC entered into a memorandum of agreement (“MOA”) with
Ezone Capital Limited (“Ezone”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands, to purchase the _Nixe 2_ for €16m.[note: 43] Ms Lim was a director
and shareholder of Ezone.[note: 44] Initially, Mr Hsiao wanted Marinteknik to
approach Eurolineas in relation to the purchase of the _Nixe 2_. However,
Marinteknik did not wish to be involved in this transaction because it was not
in the business of purchasing secondhand vessels. At the same time, Eurolineas
was not comfortable dealing with EIMC directly as EIMC was a new entrant to
the shipping industry with no track record.[note: 45] It was thus agreed that
Ezone would purchase the _Nixe 2_ from Eurolineas and sell it to EIMC at a
profit.[note: 46]

22 EIMC apparently remained keen to purchase two vessels from
Marinteknik.[note: 47] Mr Hsiao told Ms Lim that EIMC could lose its ferry
licence unless it could show that it had a contract to buy vessels from
Marinteknik. The contract had to bear the same hull numbers and specifications
as the Hulls because EIMC had used the specifications and the numbers of the
Hulls to apply for its ferry licence.[note: 48]

23 Marinteknik and EIMC eventually agreed to execute two documents titled
“Memorandum of Understanding” dated 30 April 2008 (“April MOUs”) for Hull 189A
and Hull 190A. The April MOUs stated that the price of Hull 189A and Hull 190A
was €26m each, and that the sum of US$7.5m paid as down payment for each of
the Hulls would be “transferred” to pay for Hull 189A and Hull 190A. Mr Hsiao
apparently told Ms Lim that if EIMC could tender evidence that US$15m had been
paid for these vessels, the bank would provide a “letter of credit or
transfer” for the full purchase price.[note: 49] On 15 May 2008, Mr Hsiao told
Ms Lim that “the funds are ready”[note: 50], and the April MOUs were executed
and notarised on the same day.[note: 51] However, the funds did not in fact
come in that day. Marinteknik, EIMC and Mr Lu therefore executed two addenda
also dated 30 April 2008 (“April MOUs Addenda”) to state that the US$7.5m was
never paid to Marinteknik and that the April MOUs would be treated as “null
and void” if the first instalment for Hull 189A and Hull 190A was not paid by
9 June 2008.[note: 52]

24 On 9 June 2008, Ms Lim wrote to EIMC stating that it would be rescinding
the contracts for the building of Hull 189A and Hull 190A because the first
instalment payment for these two vessels had not been made by that date.[note:
53]

Events leading to the appellants’ investment in EIMC

25 On 20 June 2008, Mr Jack Jie Qin (“Mr Qin”), the 1st Appellant’s chairman
and chief executive officer, visited Taiwan. During this trip, acquaintances
of Mr Jen-Ho Chiao (“Mr Chiao”), a director of EIMC, told Mr Qin of a business
opportunity arising from the opening of trade links between Taiwan and China.
They asked if he was interested to meet Mr Chiao, an influential man and a
political figure.[note: 54] He met Mr Chiao for the first time on 23 June
2008. On 24 June 2008, Mr Qin and one Ms Phoebe Liu (Mr Qin’s friend) [note:
55] met Mr Chiao and Mr Hsiao at EIMC’s office in Taiwan.[note: 56] According
to Mr Qin, he was shown the following documents during a business presentation
on 24 June 2008 (“the Documents”):

(a) the 2005 Shipbuilding Contracts;

(b) the Investment Agreement;

(c) the Tripartite Agreement;

(d) the Transfer Affidavits;

(e) Lloyd’s Register Certificate Nos SNG 0401068 and SNG 0401070 dated 25
August 2006 which certified that the Hulls were 90% complete as at that date;

(f) two reports from Richie & Bisset (Far East) Pte Ltd dated 12 December 2006
on the valuation of the Hulls;[note: 57] and

(g) EIMC’s audited financial statements for the financial years ended 31
December 2006 and 31 December 2007 (which were certified on 31 March 2008)
(“the 2006/2007 Financial Statements”).

26 According to Mr Qin, Mr Chiao told him that EIMC had signed the 2005
Shipbuilding Contracts with Marinteknik, a well-known shipbuilding company. Mr
Chiao also told him that the Hulls had been sold and the proceeds of sale were
used to purchase another two vessels from Marinteknik. These vessels would be
completed in two to three years. He was told that without the investment, EIMC
could lose its ferry licence,[note: 58] and that Ms Lim had recommended that
EIMC purchase the _Nixe 2_. He was also told that Ms Lim had prepared the
Documents except for the Investment Agreement.[note: 59] Mr Qin noted and
queried a liability of NTD 1.3b recorded as “payable” in the 2006/2007
Financial Statements. Mr Chiao told him that this liability was due to loans
obtained by EIMC in 2007 to finance the purchase of the Hulls.[note: 60] Mr
Qin assumed that this liability had been discharged and that “new liabilities
were incurred for the purchase of the two new vessels”.[note: 61] He claimed
that he was persuaded that EIMC was a financially strong and robust company
given that its assets were more than its liabilities[note: 62] and decided to
invest in EIMC.

27 The investment was effected in the following manner: On 30 June 2008, the
1st Appellant entered into a subscription agreement (“Subscription Agreement”)
with EIMC, agreeing to invest US$19.193m for 58,800,000 shares in EIMC. We
pause to note that the Subscription Agreement appeared to have been hurriedly
prepared and entered into so that the _Nixe 2_ could be purchased.[note: 63]
Pending the incorporation of the 2nd Appellant, the 1st Appellant advanced
US$19.93m to EIMC under a loan agreement (“the Loan Agreement”).[note: 64]
After the 2nd Appellant was incorporated, the 1st Appellant transferred a
further sum of another US$19.93m to the 2nd Appellant on or about 22 October
2008,[note: 65] with which the latter paid EIMC for its shares. EIMC then used
this money to repay the 1st Appellant for the amount it had earlier received
under the Loan Agreement.

28 As for the purchase of the _Nixe 2_ , EIMC paid Ezone €1.6m on 7 July 2008
and €12.4m on 30 July 2008.[note: 66] The bulk of the purchase price for the
_Nixe 2_ was obtained from the loan provided to EIMC by the 1st Appellant.
After receiving payment for the _Nixe 2_ from EIMC, Ezone entered into a
Memorandum of Agreement with Eurolineas on 31 July 2008 to purchase the _Nixe
2_ for €12.95m. The _Nixe 2_ was delivered to EIMC on 19 August 2008, with €2m
of the purchase price still outstanding to Ezone. The _Nixe 2_ was eventually
renamed the _Ocean Lala_.[note: 67]

29 The 1st Appellant took over the management of EIMC in November 2008.[note:
68] It appeared that the cross-strait ferry services started in June 2009.
However, after one year of operation, the _Ocean Lala_ sustained severe
weather damage and was declared a constructive total loss.[note: 69]

30 On 26 November 2009, the appellants filed Originating Summons No 1359 of
2009 for pre-action discovery against the respondents,[note: 70] and
subsequently commenced the Suit claiming damages for unlawful means
conspiracy, dishonest assistance and knowing receipt. By the time of the trial
before the Judge, the appellants had decided to pursue only the claim for
conspiracy by unlawful means.[note: 71]

31 We should also mention that on 16 June 2010, Ezone commenced arbitral
proceedings against EIMC in London claiming the balance owed by EIMC for the
_Ocean Lala_. EIMC brought a counterclaim against Ezone, alleging that the
_Ocean Lala_ was not fit for its intended purpose. As at 1 March 2012, the
arbitral tribunal had not rendered its award,[note: 72] and the parties did
not provide further information as to the outcome of the arbitration.

The decision below

32 The Judge dismissed the Suit on the basis that the appellants had failed to
plead and prove Taiwan law in respect of its claim for conspiracy by unlawful
means. Although the parties did not plead or raise any issue of Taiwan law in
relation to the claim for unlawful means conspiracy,[note: 73] the Judge
thought that the parties had proceeded on the incorrect basis that the laws of
Taiwan and Singapore on unlawful means conspiracy should be treated as
identical. On 22 November 2012, _after_ closing submissions had been tendered,
the Judge invited the parties to consider whether the appellants were required
to plead and prove the actionability of the claim for unlawful means
conspiracy under Taiwan law. The appellants’ counsel in the court below, Mr
Hee Theng Fong (“Mr Hee”), submitted that Singapore was the place of the tort
and that there was no need to plead and prove Taiwan law.[note: 74]

33 The Judge disagreed with Mr Hee. She held that Taiwan was the place of the
tort (the Judgment at [77]), and that the double actionability rule required
the appellants to show that the wrongs were actionable under the laws of both
Taiwan (the place where the tort was committed) and Singapore (the forum). She
also held that the presumption that the foreign law should be treated as being
the same as Singapore law would not avail in this case. The Judge held that
the laws of Taiwan were likely to be different from Singapore, as Taiwan is a
civil law jurisdiction and the court could take notice of that fact (the
Judgment at [85]). Since the appellants had failed to prove actionability of
their claim under Taiwan law, the Suit was dismissed.

34 However, for completeness, the Judge also considered the claim for unlawful
means conspiracy and found that it was not made out. In this regard:

(a) The Judge held that the mental element for the tort of unlawful means
conspiracy is actual intention or reckless indifference. A defendant’s
foresight that his or her conduct might or will in all probability damage the
plaintiff is not sufficient (the Judgment at [67]).

(b) The appellants could not show that the respondents were party to a
combination to mislead the appellants into investing in EIMC (the Judgment at
[125]). There was no evidence that Mr Chiao’s and Mr Hsiao’s representations
were made and that the Documents were shown to Mr Qin on behalf of the
respondents or with their knowledge. The fact that the Transfer Affidavits
Addenda were withheld from Mr Qin spoke of deceit and fraud on the part of Mr
Hsiao and EIMC rather than the respondents (the Judgment at [121]–[122]). Even
if the respondents knew that the Documents would be shown to Mr Qin and did
not stop Mr Chiao or Mr Hsiao from doing so or had reckless disregard for
whether the Documents would be used to defraud potential investors, this was
not sufficient to show that they were party to the conspiracy (the Judgment at
[125]–[126]).

(c) Between 24 April 2007 and 24 July 2007, at least as far as the respondents
were concerned, the plan hatched with EIMC, Mr Hsiao and Mr Lu had been to
obtain money from the banks in Taiwan by deception with a view to enabling
EIMC to purchase the Hulls. The Transfer Affidavits had been designed to “show
a false picture of Mr Lu’s interests in [the Hulls]” to enable EIMC to issue
paid-up shares in Mr Lu’s name and then to obtain loan facilities by deception
(the Judgment at [138]).

(d) The Judge rejected the appellants’ argument that the respondents continued
to perpetuate a “fraud” well into 2008 as evidenced by the April MOUs. The
April MOUs and the April MOUs Addenda were signed before Mr Qin had met or
even heard of Mr Chiao and Mr Hsiao and well before Mr Qin visited Taiwan on
20 June 2008 (the Judgment at [142]). There was no evidence that the
respondents knew that a potential investor who would first appear on the scene
in June 2008 would come to rely on the Documents which had been issued in
connection with a different transaction (the Judgment at [153]).

(e) It followed from the failure to prove that the respondents were party to a
conspiracy to cheat the appellants into investing in EIMC that the element of
intention for a claim for unlawful means conspiracy was not satisfied.

35 We should also mention that there were related proceedings taken out in
Taiwan as described in the Judgment (at [12]–[18]). The Judge did not find any
of these proceedings relevant to the issues and as they did not arise in this
appeal, we need say no more about them.

The parties’ cases in this appeal

36 In the present appeal, the appellants submit that it is for the respondents
to plead and prove that the claim for unlawful means conspiracy was not
actionable under Taiwan law. As all parties proceeded on the assumption that
the laws in Taiwan and Singapore on unlawful means conspiracy were the same,
the Judge should not have found for the appellants on this issue. The
appellants further submitted that an agreement between the respondents, Mr Lu
and Mr Hsiao and the requisite intention to defraud the appellants could be
inferred from the contemporaneous documentary evidence. In oral submissions,
the appellants’ counsel, Mr Alvin Yeo, SC (“Mr Yeo”), argued for a _mens rea_
of reckless indifference instead (see below, at [66]–[67]), and we address
this in the portion of this Judgment where we deal with what we have termed
“Issue 3”.

37 The respondents on the other hand submit that the failure to plead foreign
law was fatal to the appellants’ claim and the presumption that the _lex fori_
applies where foreign law is not pleaded should not avail in this case.[note:
75] The respondents also submit that the appellants did not rely on the
Documents but had invested in EIMC on the basis of Mr Chiao’s representations
about the potential for profits arising out of the cross-strait ferry
business. The appellants could not show that Mr Qin had in fact been given the
Documents at the meeting on 24 June 2008.[note: 76] In any event, a person of
Mr Qin’s expertise would have known from the 2006/2007 Financial Statements
that EIMC was not financially robust.

The issues before this court

38 The first issue that arises for our determination is the factual issue of
what had been agreed between the respondents, Mr Lu and Mr Hsiao and whether
it extended to misleading the appellants into investing in EIMC through the
creation of documents which conveyed a false impression of EIMC’s financial
health. We term this “Issue 1”.

39 We then consider whether the Judge should have dismissed the Suit on the
ground that the appellants did not plead and prove that its claim for unlawful
means conspiracy was actionable in Taiwan. This we term “Issue 2”. Finally
under Issue 3, we examine whether the elements of the claim for unlawful means
conspiracy, and in particular, whether the elements of combination and
intention, were made out in this case.

Issue 1: The nature of the agreement between the respondents, Mr Lu and Mr
Hsiao

What was the plan between the respondents, Mr Lu and Mr Hsiao?

40 The Judge found that the contents of the Transfer Affidavits were plainly
false and had been designed to lead the banks to believe that Mr Lu and EIMC
had paid for the Hulls (the Judgment at [135]). She accepted Ms Lim’s
testimony that the Transfer Affidavits and the Transfer Affidavits Addenda
were referable to the sale and purchase of the Hulls (the Judgment at [135])
and that the objective of the plan between EIMC, Mr Hsiao, Mr Lu and the
respondents was to deceive the banks into advancing the necessary funds that
would enable EIMC to pay for the Hulls. We agree with the Judge’s findings on
this at least insofar as the respondents are concerned.

41 In our view, the evidence revealed that from 15 November 2005 to the time
the April MOUs and the April MOUs Addenda were signed, the respondents had
consistently been under the impression that financing for the purchase of the
Hulls would come from banks rather than by way of an equity injection. The
2005 Shipbuilding Contracts expressly contemplated that bank financing would
be used to fund the purchase of the Hulls. Clause 3.04 of the 2005
Shipbuilding Contracts provided that 80% of the purchase price for each of the
Hulls would be paid on approval of a bank loan with payment to be made by an
irrevocable letter of credit or a telegraphic transfer.[note: 77]

42 The correspondence between the parties also reveals that the category of
financiers contemplated by the respondents, Mr Hsiao and Mr Lu were the banks.
Between May 2006 and early July 2006, EIMC sent Ms Lim a series of e-mails
evidencing its attempts to secure bank financing to meet its payment
obligations under the 2005 Shipbuilding Contracts.

(a) On 5 May 2006, Mr Duan emailed Ms Lim referring to a letter from Mr Hsiao
which stated that they had approached Chiao Tung Bank (Taiwan) which had
agreed to extend a loan of 80% of the purchase price for the Hulls, and to
issue a bankers’ guarantee or a letter of credit after it had registered its
interest in the Hulls.[note: 78] On 16 May 2006, Mr Hsiao informed Ms Lim that
there would be a delay in the remittance of funds for the Hulls because of
“some change in EIMC’s shareholders”,[note: 79] but he expected US$2.5m for
Hull 189 and US$2.5m for Hull 190 to be transferred to Marinteknik’s bank
account with Malayan Banking Berhad of Singapore, by 22 May 2006 and 29 May
2006 respectively. The letter of credit for the balance purchase price was
expected to be issued not later than 29 May 2006.[note: 80]

(b) On 8 June 2006, Mr Duan informed Ms Lim that it had approached yet another
bank, Union Insurance which was part of the Chinese Bank (Taiwan) (“the
Chinese Bank”), to obtain financing for the purchase of the Hulls. On 26 June
2006, Mr Hsiao also sent an email to Ms Lim through Mr Duan’s co-broker, one
Mr Andrew Lau, informing her that in his discussion with the Chinese Bank on
the “L/C schedule” for the Hulls, he had said that EIMC had paid a deposit of
US$10m for the Hulls (even though this was not true). Mr Hsiao asked Ms Lim to
“keep the secret of this discussion with the bank to smoothly speed up the
process of the bank loan”.[note: 81] It was evident from this that EIMC had
resorted to presenting a false picture of its interest in the Hulls to attempt
to procure bank financing.

(c) Even after the 2005 Shipbuilding Contracts were “rescinded” by Marinteknik
on 30 August 2006 and 9 April 2007, Mr Hsiao continued to keep Ms Lim informed
of negotiations with various banks for financing. On 16 April 2007, Ms Lim
sent a letter to Mr Hsiao referring to a conversation regarding the Hulls, and
stated as follows:[note: 82]

Taking into account your continuous pleas to assist you despite your inability
to perform so far, and our official rescindment notice, for good will sake, we
will assist you for the final time.

The assistance rendered to you shall only be documentary in regards to
securing your financing and for no other purpose whatsoever.

The above does not qualify for reinstatement of our contracts with you. ... We
will of course keep our options open and may in future look into signing other
newbuilding contracts with you for mutual benefit provided you are totally
able to secure your financing and fulfill all the terms of the contracts.

...

(a) Ms Lim testified that notwithstanding her letter of 16 April 2007, she was
willing to sell the Hulls to EIMC if EIMC could secure bank financing.[note:
83]

43 The Transfer Affidavits and the Transfer Affidavits Addenda were also
executed in response to Mr Hsiao’s pleas for assistance in showing evidence of
title to the Hulls to the banks in Taiwan so that EIMC could negotiate a
suitable refinancing arrangement. Similarly, Marinteknik and EIMC signed the
April MOUs on Mr Hsiao’s instigation, to enable EIMC to negotiate with the
banks on the basis that Marinteknik was building vessels for EIMC.[note: 84]

44 In our judgment, it is clear that the respondents agreed to participate in
a plan with Mr Hsiao and Mr Lu where they would practice a deceit on the banks
in Taiwan in order to enable EIMC to obtain bank financing with which to
complete the sale and purchase of the Hulls.

The documents created to carry out the plan

45 To perpetrate the false impression that EIMC had made a down payment or had
acquired title to the Hulls with a view to enabling EIMC to secure loans more
easily, several documents containing false statements were created. The
Investment Agreement provided that Mr Lu agreed to invest “his assets” in the
form of the Hulls in return for shares in EIMC. It also stated that Mr Lu had
paid US$15m to Marinteknik for the Hulls when this was not true. Although the
respondents were not party to the Investment Agreement, some of these false
statements were at least implicitly repeated in the Tripartite Agreement which
was executed by Ms Lim on behalf of Marinteknik, Mr Lu, and Mr Hsiao.
According to Ms Lim, she signed the Tripartite Agreement (which was undated)
during her visit to Taiwan between 11 and 16 July 2006.[note: 85] The
Tripartite Agreement stated that EIMC had paid US$100,000 to Marinteknik on 7
July 2006 and that this was part of the “final balance money” paid by Mr Lu to
Marinteknik. Thereafter, EIMC would take on Mr Lu’s liability under the 2005
Shipbuilding Contracts. Notably, the Tripartite Agreement also provided for
payment of the balance purchase price by way of a letter of credit. The
Tripartite Agreement stated:[note: 86]

2\. [Marinteknik] and [Mr Lu] and [EIMC] agree that at the time of the
delivery of the vessel under the [2005 Shipbuilding Contracts]:

(a) [EIMC] shall pay to [Marinteknik] the balance of contract price of US
Dollars Twenty Million (USD20,000,000) in the name of the HULL 189 by
irrevocable L/C way by end of July 2006.

(b) [Marinteknik] shall delivery the vessel to [Mr Lu] within 8 weeks upon
receiving the irrevocable L/C of Hull 189 from [EIMC].

(c) [EIMC] shall pay to [Marinteknik] the balance of contract price of US
Dollars Nineteen Million and Nine Hundred Thousand (USD19,900,000) in the name
of HULL 190 by irrevocable L/C way by a mutual agreed date within 2006. The
amount US$100,000 as clause 2, mentioned to be treated as the advance payments
guarantees of HULL 190 to [Marinteknik].

When she was cross-examined on the Tripartite Agreement, Ms Lim insisted that
the Tripartite Agreement did not convey the impression that US$15m had already
been paid to Marinteknik,[note: 87] and that this was a US$15m “credit” to Mr
Lu which would be paid on delivery of the Hulls to EIMC.[note: 88] Whatever
might have been in Ms Lim’s mind, the reasonable impression conveyed by the
Tripartite Agreement was that the only outstanding obligation under the 2005
Shipbuilding Contracts was payment of the aggregate sum of US$39.9m for the
Hulls.

46 The Transfer Affidavits also stated that the Hulls were paid for in full
and that EIMC had title to the Hulls. These were executed with a view to
assist EIMC to increase its paid-up capital to reflect the consideration of
US$15m from Mr Lu (which he had not in fact given). This was confirmed in the
Transfer Affidavits Addenda. The addendum for Hull 189 stated that:[note: 89]

... whereby the said deposit amount [_ie_ $US7.5 m] was reflected in [the
Transfer Affidavit] **_for usage on documentation only to assist [EIMC] in
increasing their Paid-up Capital._** There was no physical payment of funds
made whatsoever. The said amount is still owns by the Buyers of Hull 189...

Also, the aforesaid transfer of shares and title of the said vessel and all
other assigns were never effect physically.

Supposedly by 24th July 2007, [Mr Lu] and [EIMC] are unable to fulfil the
SHIPBUILDING CONTRACT HULL 189 to pay the total contract price of USD
27,500,000. for the vessel to Marinteknik, the [Transfer Affidavits] shall be
treated null and void immediately.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The deadline of 24 July 2007 was stipulated to reflect Marinteknik’s
willingness to assist EIMC in obtaining bank financing for a limited period of
time only. After the Transfer Affidavits Addenda had been executed, EIMC
assured Ms Lim that it was working hard to secure bank financing (see above,
at [16]).

47 As for the April MOUs and the April MOUs Addenda (which had _not_ been
shown to Mr Qin), these documents also were created to enable EIMC to convey
the false impression to the banks in Taiwan that Mr Lu paid US$15m for the
Hulls. The April MOUs Addenda provided that:

... **_the payment of USD 7,500,000.00 as deposit for the subject vessel was
never paid or transferred to [Marinteknik] ... whereby the said deposit amount
was reflected in the Affidavit for usage on documentation only to assist
[EIMC] in increasing their Paid-up capital_**. There was no physical payment
of funds made whatsoever. The said amount is still owing by [EIMC] for Hull
189A in accordance [_sic_] with the Shipbuilding Contract to the builder of
the vessel.

Also any transfer of shares and title of the said vessel and all other assigns
were never effected physically.

Supposedly by 09th June 2008, [Mr Lu] and [EIMC] are unable to fulfil the
SHIPBUILDING CONTRACT for Hulls 189A and pay the 1st Instalment of the
contract price for the vessel, the Memorandum of Understanding dated 30th
April 2008 shall be treated as null and void immediately.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

48 The appellants argue that these documents support their case that Ms Lim
was ambivalent as to the source of financing, the respondents’ only interest
being that EIMC could raise the funds to pay for the Hulls in full. While it
might be true that securing payment for the Hulls was the uppermost concern of
the respondents, it cannot be overlooked that the _only_ scheme that was ever
discussed between the parties in order to achieve this, was one to get a bank
in Taiwan to finance the transaction. This was the only plan to which the
respondents were privy to as evidenced by the documents, the discussions and
the correspondence between the parties.

EIMC and/or its officers use the documents to procure the appellants’
investment

49 According to the appellants, Mr Hsiao and Mr Chiao showed Mr Qin the 2005
Shipbuilding Contracts, the Investment Agreement, the Tripartite Agreement and
the Transfer Affidavits on 24 June 2008 to persuade him to invest in EIMC by
conveying the impression that EIMC was financially robust.

50 As noted by the Judge, there was no evidence that Ms Lim knew that EIMC had
approached the appellants. Ms Lim’s undisputed evidence was that she had known
nothing about the appellants and the investment that they had made until the
pre-action discovery proceedings were initiated in November 2009. The first
time Mr Qin met Mr Chiao was on 23 June 2008, which was more than a month
after the April MOUs were notarised (though these were not show to Mr Qin) and
more than a year after the last of the documents that Mr Qin did see and to
the creation of which the respondents were privy, had been created. We agree
with the Judge that what Mr Chiao and Mr Hsiao did with the Documents was
different from what had been contemplated by Marinteknik when it executed the
Tripartite Agreement and the Transfer Affidavits. We also note that based on
Mr Qin’s account of what had transpired at his meeting with Mr Chiao on 20
June 2008, Mr Chiao had assured him that (1) EIMC had sold the Hulls and used
the proceeds to purchase other vessels; (2) Ms Lim had prepared most of the
documents; and (3) a liability reflected on EIMC’s 2006/2007 Financial
Statements was in respect of loans obtained by EIMC to purchase the Hulls.
These were additional falsehoods that were not _in any way_ attributable to
the respondents on the basis of the evidence presented. Most crucially, it is
evident that the falsehood practised on Mr Qin had _nothing_ whatsoever to do
with raising funds to pay the respondents for the Hulls (which had, by then,
been sold). The interest in selling the Hulls had all along been the _only_
interest that the respondents had; in particular, they never had any interest
in a fraud by the principals of EIMC to rob a potential equity investor. In
our judgment, the respondents were not a party to the fraudulent plan that was
carried out by EIMC and its principals, which was an altogether different plan
to the one that had been hatched with the respondents but which was not
ultimately carried out.

Issue 2: Whether the Judge should have dismissed the Suit on the appellants’
failure to plead the actionability of its claim under Taiwan law

51 Against this factual backdrop, we turn to the choice of law issue which was
the ground on which the Suit was dismissed by the Judge.

Choice of law rule for tort

52 For a tort to be actionable in Singapore, the alleged wrong must be
actionable not only under the law of the forum (the  _lex fori_) but also
under the law of the place where the wrong was committed (the  _lex loci
delicti_) (_Rickshaw Investments Ltd and another v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“ _Rickshaw_ ”) at [53]). This is subject to the flexible
exception recognised in _Red Sea Insurance Co Ltd v Bouygues SA_ [1995] 1 AC
190 that a tort might be actionable even if one of the limbs of the double
actionability rule is not satisfied. The flexible exception might apply where
the _lex fori_ and/or _lex loci delicti “_ are purely fortuitous and the
application of either or both limbs of the ‘double actionability rule’ would
result in injustice and unfairness” (_Rickshaw_ at [56]–[58]). These
principles apply to actionability of claims in tort wherever committed
(_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 6(2) (LexisNexis, 2013) (“ _Halsbury’s
Singapore_ ”) at para 75.373; _Rickshaw_ at [64]).

53 To identify the place where the tort was committed, the court applies the
“substance of the tort” test by examining the series of events constituting
the elements of the tort to determine where, in substance, the cause of action
arose (_Wing Hak Man and another v Bio-Treat Technology Ltd and others_ [2009]
1 SLR(R) 446 at [26]). The key factors to consider for the tort of conspiracy
are “the identity, importance and location of the conspirators, the locations
where any agreements or combinations took place, the nature and places of the
concerted acts or means, the location of the plaintiff and the places where
the plaintiff suffered losses” (_Halsbury’s Singapore_ at para 75.378).

54 In this case, the Judge found that Taiwan was the place where the tort
arose. She found that the representations were made and the Documents were
shown to Mr Qin in Taiwan to procure his investment in EIMC, a company
incorporated in Taiwan. The Documents had been used with the intention of
obtaining financing in Taiwan for the purposes of EIMC’s cross-strait ferry
business. The Investment Agreement and Tripartite Agreement were signed in
Taiwan. The appellants suffered their losses in Taiwan. On the other hand, the
relevant (and relatively modest) connections to the forum are that the
Transfer Affidavits and the Transfer Affidavits Addenda were signed in
Singapore[note: 90]. As for the place where the alleged agreement or
combination was formed, this was a neutral factor because Mr Hsiao, Mr Chiao
and Ms Lim met in Singapore and in Taiwan and corresponded by email as well.
On balance, the factors leant in favour of a finding that Taiwan was where, in
substance, the tort was committed. Having considered the matter, we see no
reason to interfere with the Judge’s finding in this respect. Nor did the
appellants argue that the Judge erred in this finding.

Principles on the pleading of foreign law

55 The appellants’ main contention on this issue was that the onus lay on the
respondents, if they wished to rely on this, to plead the non-actionability of
the claim for unlawful means conspiracy under Taiwan law, and given that they
had not pleaded this, the Judge should not have dismissed the Suit on this
point. The appellants argue that, at the very least, they should have been
given the opportunity to adduce evidence of Taiwan law to address the Judge’s
concern. In this regard, the appellants filed Summons No 3558 of 2013 (“the
Summons”) on 11 July 2013 for leave to adduce, by way of further evidence in
this appeal, an affidavit dated 9 July 2013 by Sam-Rong Hwang, a partner with
Formosa Transnational Attorneys at Law in Taiwan, enclosing an expert report
on the following questions:

(a) whether under Taiwan law, there is a civil cause of action for unlawful
conspiracy which is the same as, or substantially similar to the action for
unlawful means conspiracy under Singapore law;

(b) if so, what are the elements necessary to establish this cause of action
under Taiwan law; and

(c) whether an actionable wrong in Taiwan is made out on the facts of the
appellants’ case.

56 We first turn to the applicable principles on pleading and proof of foreign
law. In _Dicey, Morris and Collins on The Conflict of Laws_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
15th Ed, 2012) (“ _Dicey, Morris and Collins_ ”), the learned authors note (at
paras 9-002 to 9-004):

(**1**) **Foreign law a fact.** The principle that, in an English court,
foreign law is a matter of fact has long been well established: it must be
pleaded, and it must be proved: … It is also said to follow that if the
parties elect not to prove the content of foreign law, a case will be decided
by the application of English domestic law as though the case were a wholly
domestic one, and this is generally true. But in recent years there have been
increasing signs that this cannot invariably follow, and in cases where it
would be wholly artificial to apply rules of English law to an issue governed
by foreign law, a court may simply regard a party who has pleaded but who
failed to prove foreign law with sufficient specificity as will allow an
English court simply to apply it, as having failed to establish his case
without regard to the corresponding principle of English domestic law.

(i) _Foreign law must be pleaded_. The general rule is that if a party wishes
to rely on a foreign law he must plead it in the same way as any other fact.
Unless this is done, the court will decide a case containing foreign elements
as though it were a purely domestic English case. …

(ii) _Foreign law must be proved_. English courts take judicial notice of the
law of England and of notorious facts, but not of foreign law. Consequently,
foreign law must be proved in each case: it cannot be deduced from previous
English decisions in which the same rule of foreign law has been before the
court, although such decisions may be admissible in evidence for the purpose
of proving foreign law. Indeed it is perfectly possible for the English court
to reach different conclusions in different cases as to the effect of a given
rule of foreign law.

…

The learned authors then proceed to list exceptions to the rule that the court
does not take judicial notice of foreign law, including where the foreign law
is a notorious fact (such as the fact that roulette is not unlawful in Monte
Carlo: _Saxby v Fulton_ [1909] 2 KB 208 at 211) or if the content of the
foreign law is, at least in part, determined by a rule under English law or if
the foreign law is the same as or substantially similar to English law
(_Dicey, Morris and Collins_ at paras 9-005 to 9-006).

57 These principles are premised on the notion that the court lacks knowledge
of foreign law and must be informed of its content by evidence from the
parties and not take judicial notice of it (Richard Fentiman, “Law, Foreign
Laws, and Facts” (2006) 59 Current Legal Problems 391 (“ _Law, Foreign Laws,
and Facts_ ”) at p 396). In the Singapore context, regard must also be had to
s 59 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) which sets out the facts of
which judicial notice shall be taken and for which proof is not required.
Although foreign law is treated as a question of fact in England and in
Singapore (see _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another
appeal_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [54]), there is discernible discomfort amongst
courts in the common law tradition with the characterisation of foreign law as
a pure question of fact, due to the legal quality inherent in this “fact”, and
for this reason foreign law has sometimes been described as a “special fact”
(_Law, Foreign Laws, and Facts_ at p 396). This has given rise to issues, in
particular, in the establishment of the content of foreign law (_Law, Foreign
Laws and Facts_ at pp 392–393). For example, the Singapore courts have taken
judicial notice of the likelihood that foreign law may differ in content from
Singapore law in cases of _forum non conveniens_ (_Halsbury’s Singapore_ at
para 75.297; _JIO Minerals FZC and others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd_ [2011] 1
SLR 391 at [96] citing _Rickshaw_ at [43]).

58 Notwithstanding these difficulties, it remains established by the various
case authorities that, in general, if foreign law is not pleaded, Singapore
courts will simply apply Singapore law (_Halsbury’s Singapore_ at para
75.296). This is subject to exceptions, for example, where a mandatory
pleading of foreign law is required as a matter of law (_Goh Chok Tong v Tang
Liang Hong_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 811 (“ _GCT_ ”) at [84]; see also _Parno v SC
Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 377 at [44]). In _GCT_ , the defendant applied
to strike out a claim for defamation on the ground that the plaintiff had not
pleaded actionability of this claim under the law of Malaysia (the place where
the slander was uttered and the tort of authorising the publication was
committed). The High Court in _GCT_ held that in relation to the double
actionability rule, a plaintiff is not required to plead actionability under a
foreign law, and in the absence of such pleading, a tort claim involving
foreign elements may be treated as if it were a domestic Singapore case (_GCT_
at [85]–[89]). The Law Reform Committee of the Singapore Academy of Law in a
report of 31 March 2003 titled “Reform of the Choice of Law Rule Relating to
Torts” also noted that while the pleading of the applicable law for tortious
claims is desirable, it is not mandatory in Singapore (at paras 29–30). In
commenting on _GCT_ , Yeo Tiong Min in “Private International Law: Recent
Developments in Singapore” (1997) 1 Singapore Journal of International &
Comparative Law 560 observed (at p 586) that:

The specific question that Lai J addressed [in _GCT_] was whether the double
actionability rule had to be stated in every pleading alleging a foreign tort.
The learned judge held that it was not necessary, as foreign law is presumed
to be the same as the _lex fori_ unless shown to be different, and the
defendant has the option of pleading foreign law to exonerate himself. Thus,
if neither party pleads foreign law, the case will be dealt with as if it is a
purely domestic case. In so holding, this case flatly contradicts the
controversial Malaysian Federal Court decision in _Chan Kwon Fong v Chan Wah_
(not cited in the Singapore decision), that had dismissed a plaintiff’s claim
for failing to adduce foreign law to prove actionability by the _lex loci
delicti_. **_Although there are English authorities going both ways, the
Singapore position is probably more consistent with general principles._** ...

[emphasis added in bold italics]

59 In _Dicey, Morris and Collins_ at para 35-121, the learned authors also
note that:

… [A question arises as to] whether it is for the claimant to allege [in a
tort claim], that the defendant’s conduct is actionable under the _lex loci
delicti_ , i.e. that such an allegation is part of the claimant’s positive
case, or whether it is sufficient for the claimant to allege what amounts to
defamation [and other torts to which the Rome II Regulation does not apply] in
English law, it then being left to the defendant to allege and prove that his
conduct was not actionable under the _lex loci delicti..._**_If the first view
is correct, it does not follow that the claimant has to allege and prove
foreign law for he can rely on the principle that in the absence of an
averment as to the content of foreign law, the court will apply English law.
On the other hand, if the second view is correct, the content of the foreign
law is irrelevant unless and until the defendant alleges that his conduct is
not actionable under the_****lex loci delicti**** _, and in support of that
allegation, seeks to rely on the foreign law._** The cases reveal support for
each of these views and the question has not been authoritatively determined
by an English court. ...

[emphasis added in bold italics]

60 In Richard Fentiman, _International Commercial Litigation_ (Oxford
University Press, 2010) at para 6.01, the learned author also states that
under English law, the pleading of foreign law is “generally voluntary”, and
parties are “likely to plead foreign law only where English law offers no
equivalent claim or defence; or where foreign law is significantly more
advantageous than English law; or where the pleading of foreign law is
mandatory” (see also James McComish in “Pleading and Proving Foreign Law in
Australia” (2007) Melb U L Rev 400).

61 In this case, the parties did not plead or raise any issue of foreign law
in relation to the claim of unlawful means conspiracy (for example, to argue
that the claim was not actionable under Taiwan law or that there was a defence
under Taiwan law that the respondent could avail itself of) (the Judgment at
[80]). In a tortious claim involving foreign elements, the claimant is not
obliged to plead the applicability of foreign law, and in our judgment, there
is no reason or basis for imposing any such burden on the plaintiff (see also
Richard Fentiman, _Foreign Law in English Courts: Pleading, Proof and Choice
of Law_ (Oxford University Press, 1998) (“ _Foreign Law in English Courts_ ”)
at pp 101–103 who notes that the view that a claimant must plead actionability
under the _lex loci delicti_ , having decided to sue in England and have
English law apply, is hard to justify either on authority or principle). In
our judgment, the primary rationale for the double actionability rule in
general lies in the consideration that an alleged tortfeasor who commits an
act or omission in one jurisdiction should not be liable to suit in another
without being afforded the opportunity to contend that for one reason or
another, whether it be the lack of such a head of liability or the
availability of a defence in the place where the alleged tort was committed,
he would not have been liable there and so should not be liable in the forum
(see also _Halsbury’s Singapore_ at para 75.372). This explains why the rule
exists primarily for the benefit of the defendant, whose burden it should be
to raise the issue and prove the difference. Where, as here, he does not raise
any difference in the law of the place of the tort, there is accordingly no
conflict of laws issue raised by the parties, and the court simply applies the
forum’s law (see also, _GCT_ at [87]–[89]).

62 In the circumstances that availed in this case, the Judge ought simply to
have applied Singapore law. The Judge should have assessed the claim purely as
a domestic matter governed by Singapore law, which is how the case was
pleaded. It follows that in our judgment, the Judge erred in dismissing the
Suit on the basis of the appellants’ failure to plead actionability under
Taiwan law.

63 The Judge distinguished _GCT_ on the basis that it involved the choice of
law rule for a claim for defamation and not unlawful means conspiracy.
However, it does not seem to us that this distinction featured materially in
the reasoning of the court in _GCT._ Nor do we think that there is any basis
in principle for confining the rule to actions in defamation. It also follows
from this that there was no need, on the facts of this case, to consider the
applicability of the presumption of similarity or identity of laws (_ie_ , the
presumption that foreign law is the same as the _lex fori_ in absence of
proof) which is concerned with the ascertainment of the content of foreign
law. In _Law, Foreign Laws and Facts_ at p 406, the learned author in
discussing the presumption of similarity or identity of laws observed that:

... the presumption of identity between English and foreign law has always
been troublesome. Even if it operates where proof of foreign law has failed,
or has not been attempted, **_it is uncertain whether it has a role where
foreign law has not been pleaded at all._** ... [emphasis added in bold
italics]

64 We note that in _OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd_ [2012] 4 SLR 201 (“
_OMG Holdings_ ”) at [39] and [42], the court appeared to require the parties
to plead foreign law in relation to a claim in passing off, and noted that the
presumption that the foreign law is the same as the _lex fori_ would not apply
if an injunction is sought to restrain acts of passing off committed in the
foreign jurisdiction. The court in _OMG Holdings_ relied on a series of cases
where the courts refused injunctions to restrain alleged acts of passing-off
in other jurisdictions on the basis that evidence on foreign law had not been
adduced and the claim was not shown to be actionable in the foreign
jurisdiction. We do not think that _OMG Holdings_ or the cases relied upon by
the court (such as _Alfred Dunhill Ltd v Sunoptic SA_ [1979] FSR 337 (“
_Alfred Dunhill_ ”)) are of assistance to the appellants (see also, _Foreign
Law in English Courts_ at p 103). _Alfred Dunhill_ may have to be seen in
light of the nature of the application sought, which was an interlocutory
injunction to restrain acts of passing off in another jurisdiction. In such
circumstances, it would not be surprising if the court were to require proof
that the act to be restrained is in fact illegal in the place where it would
otherwise be done.

65 Consequently, it is not necessary for us to make any order on the Summons,
and we order that the parties bear their own costs in respect of the Summons.
However, although we agree that Judge erred insofar as she dismissed the claim
in this ground, this does not dispose of the appeal and we now turn to
consider whether the elements of the tort of unlawful means conspiracy were
made out on the facts, as a matter of Singapore law.

Issue 3: Whether the elements of the tort of unlawful means conspiracy are
satisfied on the facts of this case

66 The nub of the appeal on the substantive question of the tort of unlawful
means conspiracy turned on the mental element that would support a finding of
liability on the part of the respondents. Mr Yeo accepted that Ms Lim had no
actual knowledge of Mr Qin at the time the Documents were shown, nor of the
representations made by Mr Chiao and Mr Hsiao on 24 June 2008, nor even of the
fact that EIMC had found a potential investor who would provide it with funds.
After all, the fraud on the appellants was not to raise funds _in order to pay
for the Hulls_ , which had always been the extent of the respondents’
interest. On the contrary, Mr Qin was told that the Hulls had already been
purchased and paid for and then sold, and that EIMC had purchased other
vessels, which were currently under construction, with the sale proceeds (see
above, at [26]). Mr Qin decided to invest in the company because he thought
that it was a good business proposition.

67 However, Mr Yeo’s case was that the appellants were part of the class of
persons who stood to be injured by the wrongful acts of the respondents
because it would have been within the contemplation of Ms Lim, as a business
person, that EIMC might approach not just banks but investors to inject money
into EIMC whether by way of loan or equity. Mr Yeo also submitted that the
mental element for unlawful means conspiracy would be satisfied if the
respondents knew or ought to have known that the Documents which had been
created with their participation, _could_ be used for other fraudulent
purposes by Mr Lu, Mr Hsiao or the principals of EIMC to deceive private
investors other than banks into investing in EIMC on the basis of the false
impression of EIMC’s financial strength, but were recklessly indifferent as to
whether this would transpire. During the hearing of this appeal, we expressed
the concern that if we accepted Mr Yeo’s conception of the mental element for
unlawful means conspiracy, the tort of conspiracy would begin to look very
much like a species of negligence.

68 In addressing this issue, it might be useful for us to first examine the
history of the tort of unlawful means conspiracy and the developments that
have taken place thus far, with particular attention paid to developments that
have taken place in England.

History of the tort of conspiracy by unlawful means

69 Hazel Carty, in her article, “The economic torts in the 21st century”
(2008) 124 LQR 641 (“ _Carty LQR_ ”) sets out a succinct summary of the
history and evolution of the law on unlawful means conspiracy in England (and
indeed, the group of torts commonly labelled as “economic torts”) before the
decision of _OBG Ltd and another v Allan and others_ [2008] 1 AC 1 (“ _OBG_ ”)
(at p 164):

In theory the House of Lords’ decision in _Allen v Flood_ set out the
framework for the modern development of the economic torts. However, the
century following that seminal decision saw the economic torts get into a
muddle. By the start of the 21st century a patchwork list of economic torts--
with confusing intersections between them--had emerged. So inducing breach of
contract had spawned torts of direct and indirect interference with contract.
A tort of intimidation had also been identified, together with what was
described as the “genus” tort of unlawful interference with trade (now termed
the tort of causing loss by unlawful means). In addition a hybrid tort,
unlawful interference with contractual relations, lurked in case law, thought
to lie somewhere between the tort of inducing breach and the tort of causing
loss by unlawful means. The case law also evidenced two further economic
torts. They were both based on conspiracy; but whereas the first focused on
unjustified harm, the other centred on unlawful means, and their relationship
to the other economic torts (and to each other) was uncertain.

Moreover the ingredients of these torts lacked clarity. Though inducing breach
of contract required knowledge of the contract breached and the tort of
causing loss by unlawful means and the unlawful means conspiracy tort centred
on the use of unlawful means, these key ingredients had failed to attract a
uniform judicial definition. And the requirement of intentional harm--the key
ingredient of all the economic torts--was similarly unclear.

70 It is noteworthy that most leading textbooks on the subject have
categorised conspiracy claims in tort as part of a cluster of economic torts
(see for example, Gary Chan Kok Yew, _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ (Academy
Publishing, 2011) (“ _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ ”); _Clerk & Lindsell on
Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2010) (“ _Clerk & Lindsell_”) at para 24-01;
Francis Trindade, Peter Cane & Mark Lunney, _The Law of Torts in Australia_
(Oxford University Press, 4th Ed, 2007) (“ _The Law of Torts in Australia_ ”);
Peter T Burns and Joost Bloom, _Economic Interests in Canadian Tort Law_
(LexisNexis, 2009)), alongside the tort of procuring a breach of contract,
unlawful interference and intimidation. This perspective seems to have spawned
the search for a unifying theory of economic torts which was eventually
rejected in the United Kingdom in _OBG_ ; but this in turn has since been
somewhat obscured by the more recent pronouncement of the House of Lords in
_Revenue and Customs Commissioners v Total Network SL_ [2008] 1 AC 1174 (“
_Total Network_ ”) (see Hazel Carty, _An Analysis of the Economic Torts_
(Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2010) (“ _Carty_ ”) at pp 166–168).

71 At least a few propositions seem clear. The first is that there appears to
be two types of settings in which such torts might arise. The first has been
termed the “3-party setting” which envisages the involvement of a third party
or intermediary either as the primary wrongdoer (_eg_ , the intermediary who
actually breaches the contract in the tort of inducement of breach of
contract, as was laid down in _Lumley v Gye_ [1843] EWHC QB J73) or as the
victim of the wrongful act of the defendant (_eg_ , in the tort of unlawful
interference with business—also known as the tort of causing loss by unlawful
means—such as where a defendant intends to injure the claimant by wrongful
interference with a third party’s actions) (see generally, _Carty_ at pp 17–18
and pp 155–156; _OBG_ at [46]–[47]). However, liability can also arise in a
“2-party setting” where the defendant intentionally causes loss to the
claimant without acting through an intermediary. This can be seen in torts
such as intimidation and conspiracy. Conspiracy, of course, could also arise
in a “3-party setting”: see Lord Mance in _Total Network_ at [117] citing
_Lonrho plc v Fayed and others_ [1992] 1 AC 448 (“ _Lonrho v Fayed HL_ ”).

72 The second proposition is that many though not all of these torts require
that there be some unlawful means or the presence of an element of
unlawfulness (_The Law of Torts in Singapore_ at para 15.004; see also _The
Law of Tort_ (Ken Oliphant gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2007) (“ _Oliphant_ ”)
at para 29.6). This is unsurprising given that the common law has recognised
the need to protect and encourage lawful competition in a free market system.
Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead observed in _OBG_ (at [142]) that:

… Intentional harm of another’s business is not of itself tortious.
Competition between businesses regularly involves each business taking steps
to promote itself at the expense of the other. One retail business may reduce
its prices to customers with a view to diverting trade to itself and away from
a competitor shop. Far from prohibiting such conduct, the common law seeks to
encourage and protect it. The common law recognises the economic advantages of
competition.

In fact, it has been suggested that neither malicious hindrance with another
person’s business nor general “unfairness” renders conduct that is otherwise
lawful, unlawful (_Oliphant_ at para 29.2).

73 One notable exception to this was the tort of “conspiracy to injure” or
what is now known as “lawful means conspiracy”, where liability can arise
merely by reason of damage flowing from a combination regarded as illegitimate
because it had, at its essence, the predominant purpose of injuring the
claimant, “without proof of further illegality” (_Clerk & Lindsell_ at para
24-07). In _Crofter Hand Woven Harris Tweed Company, Limited, and others v
Veitch and Another_ [1942] AC 435 at 462, Lord Wright said:

… The rule may seem anomalous, so far as it holds that conduct by two may be
actionable if it causes damage, whereas the same conduct done by one, causing
the same damage, would give no redress. In effect the plaintiff’s right is
that he should not be damnified by a conspiracy to injure him, and it is in
the fact of the conspiracy that the unlawfulness resides. It is a different
matter if the conspiracy is to do acts in themselves wrongful, such as to
deceive or defraud, to commit violence, or to conduct a strike or lock-out by
means of conduct prohibited by the Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act
1875, or which contravenes the Trade Disputes and Trade Unions Act 1927. …

74 The tort of lawful means conspiracy has been castigated as an anomaly which
has been allowed to survive only because of its vintage. The attempt to
justify its existence rested largely on the much-criticised rationale that “a
combination may make oppressive or dangerous that which if it proceeded only
from a single person would be otherwise, and the very fact of the combination
may shew that the object is simply to do harm, and not to exercise one’s own
just rights” (_The Mogul Steamship Company, Limited v McGregor, Gow, & Co, and
Others_ [1889] 23 QBD 598 at 616). As long ago as thirty years, Lord Diplock
in _Lonrho Ltd and another v Shell Petroleum Co Ltd and another (No 2)_ [1982]
1 AC 173 (“ _Lonrho v Shell_ ”) noted the deficiencies in this rationale (at
189) in these terms:

But to suggest today that acts done by one street-corner grocer in concert
with a second are more oppressive and dangerous to a competitor than the same
acts done by a string of supermarkets under a single ownership or that a
multinational conglomerate such as Lonrho or oil company such as Shell or B.P.
does not exercise greater economic power than any combination of small
businesses, is to shut one's eyes to what has been happening in the business
and industrial world since the turn of the century and, in particular, since
the end of World War II. The civil tort of conspiracy to injure the
plaintiff's commercial interests where that is the predominant purpose of the
agreement between the defendants and of the acts done in execution of it which
caused damage to the plaintiff, must I think be accepted by this House as too
well-established to be discarded however anomalous it may seem today. …

75 Notably, two decades later, Lai Kew Chai J in _Panatron Pte Ltd v Lee Cheow
Lee and Others_ [2000] SGHC 209 picked this theme up and suggested that the
time had come to reconsider the law’s historical recognition of the tort of
conspiracy by lawful means (at [85]):

… it is quite odd to have a situation where what a person does alone is not
unlawful but it becomes actionable if he acts in concert with another. It is
especially so in view of the fact that in this modern age, conglomerates are
certainly more powerful and potent than the combination of a small group of
people. Should our jurisprudence entertain this ‘anomalous’ cause of action?
There are other pragmatic reasons for its discontinuance. It will obviate
wasteful litigation, which tend to be highly contentious, prolonged and lend
themselves to an investigation of a host of circumstantial evidence. That is
because combines usually are hatched in secrecy and a plaintiff has to resort
to indirect evidence and in the process of drawing conclusions from a set of
circumstances there could arise fevered imaginations coloured by the
inevitable emotions. Further, our law of tort already recognises other
economic torts of intimidation, unlawful interference and indirect procurement
of breach of, or interference with, contract which are sufficient to provide
the necessary remedies. …

76 Another exception to the general applicability of the second proposition to
this cluster of torts is the tort of interference with a contractual
relationship, short of inducing a breach of it (see Lord Hoffmann’s discussion
of _Quinn v Leathem_ [1901] 1 AC 495 (“ _Quinn_ ”); _GWK Ltd v Dunlop Rubber
Co Ltd_ (1926) 42 TLR 376 and _DC Thomson & Co Ld v Deakin_ [1952] 1 Ch 646 (“
_DC Thomson_ ”) in _OBG_ at [15]–[29]). The foundation for a unified theory
which treated the tort of inducing a breach of contract (“ _the Lumley v Gye_
tort”) as a species of the tort of actionable interference with contractual
rights which extended to forms of interference other than persuasion,
procurement or inducement was laid down by Jenkins LJ in _DC Thomson_ (_OBG_
per Lord Hoffmann at [26]–[27]). Subsequently, in _Torquay Hotel Co Ltd v
Cousins and Others_ [1969] 2 Ch 106 at 138, Lord Denning said “[t]he time has
come when the [_Lumley v Gye_ tort] should be further extended to cover
‘deliberate and direct interference with the execution of a contract without
that causing any breach’”, including cases where the defendant prevents or
hinders the intermediary from performing the contract. This extension of the
_Lumley v Gye_ tort was endorsed by Lord Diplock in _Merkur Island Shipping
Corporation v Laughton (The Hoegh Anapa) and others_ [1983] 2 AC 570 at 608.
Today, the notion that these two torts are subsumed one within the other has
been curtailed, if not jettisoned, following the House of Lords’ decision in
_OBG_. The House of Lords in _OBG_ held that the _Lumley v Gye_ tort and the
tort of causing loss by unlawful means should be kept as distinct torts
because the rationale underlying each of these two torts is different (_OBG_
per Lord Hoffmann at [32]–[33] and [38]; see also _OBG_ per Lord Nicholls at
[188]–[189]; per Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe at [264]; per Baroness Hale of
Richmond at [303]; and per Lord Brown of Eaton-under-Heywood at [319]–[320]).
As explained in _Carty_ at p 24, the _Lumley v Gye_ tort depended “on the
third party’s liability for contract breach, resulting from the defendant’s
persuasion” and is a species of secondary liability, while the tort of causing
loss by unlawful means was ambivalent as to the nature of the interest which
is damaged, and is a species of primary liability (see also _OBG_ per Lord
Hoffmann at [32]–[33]). The House of Lords accordingly rejected the notion of
a unified theory that underlay the _Lumley v Gye_ tort and the tort of causing
loss by unlawful means.

77 A third proposition that may be gleaned from the authorities is that these
torts require some element of “intention” or “intentional harm” for liability
to be imposed (_Carty_ at p 170; _The Law of Torts in Australia_ at pp
269–270), and that other, lesser, mental states would not suffice. In fact, it
was thought in many cases that it was the element of _intentional_ infliction
of harm that might form the basis of a unified theory, although this premise
too has been criticised (see _Carty_ at p 19). Lord Lindley in _Quinn_
characterised the _Lumley v Gye_ tort as a species of the tort of causing loss
by lawful means, on the basis of a wider principle which imposed liability for
“all wrongful acts done intentionally to damage a particular individual and
actually damaging him” (_Quinn_ at 535; see also _Carty LQR_ at p 645). This
placed emphasis on the subjective intent of _causing harm_ coupled with the
objective fact of _resulting harm_ to justify making unlawful that which would
otherwise be lawful.

78 Beyond this, not much else was clear. Was the scope of the required
intention the same for all torts? Was there even a unifying theory? Was it
possible to follow in the footsteps of Lord Atkin whose historic judgment in
_M’Alister (or Donoghue) (Pauper) v Stevenson_ [1932] 1 AC 562 paved the way
for the development of a unified theory of liability for _unintended_ physical
harm caused by a failure to take reasonable care to avoid foreseeable risks of
injury, in the field of _intentional_ acts done with the aim of causing
economic harm (usually carried out in a commercial context)? Were each of
these torts all still valid and relevant (see, for example, the forgoing
discussions on unlawful interference with contractual relations falling short
of breach and on lawful means conspiracy)? There have also been questions as
to whether there remains a basis or a need for a separate tort of unlawful
means conspiracy in a “2-party setting” where the same question of liability
could be analysed and resolved by reference to the framework applicable to the
primary tort accompanied by the doctrine of joint tortfeasorship (see _Carty
LQR_ at p 669).

Position in England today in relation to economic torts

OBG

79 Some of these questions might be thought to have been settled, in England
at least, by the House of Lords’ decision in _OBG_. _OBG_ was hailed as
endorsing a “back to basics” approach with a return to the true import of
economic torts and an accompanying abstentionist judicial philosophy
exemplified in _Thomas Francis Allen v William Cridge Flood and Walter Taylor_
[1898] 1 AC 1 (more commonly known as _Allen v Flood_) (_Carty_ at pp 24–25).
In _OBG_ , the House of Lords concluded that there is no unified theory for
the cluster of torts grouped under the label of “economic torts” (see, for
example, Lord Walker in _OBG_ at [264]). _OBG_ did not deal squarely with the
question of unlawful means conspiracy. But it dealt with a number of other
torts, including the _Lumley v Gye_ tort and the tort of causing loss by
unlawful means. Indeed, the court’s views on the lack of a unified theory
underlying “economic torts” are illuminating. Lord Hoffmann, in particular,
(at [32]) associated himself with the views of Peter Cane who said in “Mens
Rea in Tort Law” (2000) 20 Oxford JLS 533 (at 552) that:

The search for ‘general principles of liability’ based on types of conduct is
at best a waste of time, and at worst a potential source of serious confusion;
and the broader the principle, the more is this so. Tort law is a complex
interaction between protected interests, sanctioned conduct, and sanctions;
and although there are what might be called 'principles of tort liability', by
and large, they are not very 'general'. More importantly, they cannot be
stated solely in terms of the sorts of conduct which will attract tort
liability. Each principle must refer, as well, to some interest protected by
tort law and some sanction provided by tort law.

80 The House of Lords in _OBG_ also agreed that the element of intention is a
requirement across the spectrum of the various economic torts, even though the
precise scope and content of that element of intention that had to be made out
for liability to be imposed for each tort might be different depending on the
rationale and interest underlying each individual tort (_OBG_ per Lord
Hoffmann at [62]; per Lord Nicholls at [164]–[167]). The notion of a unifying
theory having been jettisoned, it becomes essential for the court to be
sensitive to the different justifications and conceptual underpinnings for
each tort and to guard against importing notions and ideas from the analytical
framework applicable to one tort into that for another as if there were a
unifying theory. A philosophical division in the House of Lords as to the
underlying rationale for the tort of causing loss by unlawful means in a
“3-party setting” (which might have implications on the development of other
economic torts) translated into divergent views on what would constitute the
requisite “unlawful means”. The genesis for the philosophical division is
encapsulated in Lord Nicholls’ speech in _OBG_ at [153]–[155]:

These different views are founded on different perceptions of the rationale
underlying the unlawful interference tort. _On the wider interpretation of
“unlawful means” the rationale is that by this tort the law seeks to curb
clearly excessive conduct._ The law seeks to provide a remedy for intentional
economic harm caused by unacceptable means. The law regards all unlawful means
as unacceptable in this context.

On the narrower interpretation this tort has a much more limited role. On this
interpretation the function of the tort of unlawful interference is a modest
one. Its function is to provide a claimant with a remedy where intentional
harm is inflicted indirectly as distinct from directly. If a defendant
intentionally harms a claimant directly by committing an actionable wrong
against him, the usual remedies are available to the claimant. The unlawful
interference tort affords a claimant a like remedy if the defendant
intentionally damages him by committing an actionable wrong against a third
party. The defendant’s civil liability is expanded thus far, but no further,
in respect of damage intentionally caused by his conduct.

_In my view the former is the true rationale of this tort._ The second
interpretation represents a radical departure from the purpose for which this
tort has been developed. If adopted, this interpretation would bring about an
unjustified and unfortunate curtailment of the scope of this tort.

[emphasis added]

81 Lord Hoffmann, whose views on this issue represented those of the majority,
thought that the tort was meant to “enforce basic standards of civilised
behaviour in economic competition, between traders or between employers and
labour” (in _OBG_ at [56]). However he felt that this was subject to the
significant limitation that the “unlawful means” be limited to civil wrongs
for which the intermediary could maintain an action (per Lord Hoffmann at
[49]; per Baroness Hale at [302]; and per Lord Brown at [320]). The key
question was whether the use of any means that entailed the happenstance of
some law or regulation being breached would suffice to constitute “unlawful
means” even if the breach in question did not translate into or give rise to a
civil right of action on the part of the third party, and even if did not
affect the third party’s freedom to deal as he pleased with the plaintiff.
Lord Hoffmann thought not in _OBG_ at [51]:

Unlawful means therefore consists of acts intended to cause loss to the
claimant by interfering with the freedom of a third party in a way which is
unlawful as against that third party and which is intended to cause loss to
the claimant. It does not in my opinion include acts which may be unlawful
against a third party but which do not affect his freedom to deal with the
claimant.

[emphasis added]

82 Lord Hoffmann emphasised that “the court should be similarly cautious in
extending a tort which was designed only to enforce basic standards of
civilised behaviour in economic competition”, “[o]therwise there [would be] a
danger that it will provide a cause of action based on acts which are wrongful
only in the irrelevant sense that a third party has a right to complain if he
chooses to do so” (_OBG_ at [56]). Lord Hoffmann was doubtful as to whether
the requirement of a causal connection between the wrongful conduct of the
defendant and the loss suffered by the plaintiff would be a sufficient
limiting factor for the imposition of liability (_OBG_ at [58]). In arriving
at the view that the unlawful means must in general be actionable by the third
party, Lord Hoffmann referred to _Lonrho v Shell_ as an illustration of a
failed attempt to found a cause of action on the fact that the conduct alleged
to have caused loss was contrary to law but not actionable by the third party
(_OBG_ at [55]). It is true that on the facts of _Lonrho v Shell_ the wrongful
conduct in question there, an alleged breach of a sanctions order that
attracted penal consequences, was not actionable as a civil wrong. However, it
should be noted, as was observed in _Total Network_ , (see, for example, per
Lord Hope at [38]) that this did not appear to be the basis of Lord Diplock’s
reasoning in _Lonrho v Shell_ since his real preoccupation was with the
failure to show the requisite intention to injure.

83 Unlike Lord Hoffman’s more measured approach, Lord Nicholls in _OBG_
considered that “unlawful means” encompassed “all acts which a person is not
permitted to do” and “covers common law torts, statutory torts, crimes,
breaches of contract, breaches of trust and equitable obligations, breaches of
confidence, and so on” (_OBG_ at [151]). While acknowledging that the element
of unlawful means served as a limitation on the boundaries of liability (_OBG_
at [147]), he preferred a broader concept of “unlawful means” of illegality
with the brake of “instrumentality” (_OBG_ at [159]) and see below at [93].
Lord Nicholls (at [152]) also thought it:

… very odd if in such a case the law were to afford the claimant a remedy
where the defendant committed or threatened to commit a tort or breach of
contract against the third party but not if he committed or threatened to
commit a crime against him.

84 Lord Walker took a more tentative view. While noting the divergent views of
Lord Hoffmann and Lord Nicholls on the issue of “unlawful means”, he said as
follows (in _OBG_ at [269]–[270]):

Faced with these alternative views I am naturally hesitant. I would
respectfully suggest that neither is likely to be the last word on this
difficult and important area of the law. The test of instrumentality does not
fit happily with cases like _RCA Corpn v Pollard_ , since there is no doubt
that the bootlegger’s acts were the direct cause of the plaintiff’s economic
loss. The control mechanism must be found, it seems to me, in the nature of
the disruption caused, as between the third party and the claimant, by the
defendant’s wrong (and not in the closeness of the causal connection between
the defendant’s wrong and the claimant’s loss).

I do not, for my part, see Lord Hoffmann’s proposed test as a narrow or rigid
one. On the contrary, that test (set out in para 51 of his opinion) of whether
the defendant’s wrong interferes with the freedom of a third party to deal
with the claimant, if taken out of context, might be regarded as so flexible
as to be of limited utility. But in practice it does not lack context. The
authorities demonstrate its application in relation to a wide variety of
economic relationships. I would favour a fairly cautious incremental approach
to its extension to any category not found in the existing authorities.

85 Certain aspects of _OBG_ do not arise for our consideration in this matter,
not least because the case before us arises in a “2-party setting”. But _OBG_
is helpful in demonstrating that it is not possible, at present, to discern a
unified theory of economic torts. It follows from this that terms and concepts
which are applied in various of these torts such as “unlawful means” or
“intention” might not have identical meanings across the range of these torts,
even if it is recognised that in general, they all stand on a requirement of
“intention”. In each case it will be necessary to define the scope or meaning
of the relevant elements having regard to the rationale underlying the
particular tort in question and also the similarities and differences between
them.

Total Network

86 As noted earlier (see above, at [79]), the tort of unlawful means
conspiracy was not discussed in detail in _OBG_. In fact, the import of _OBG_
on torts falling within the “2-party setting” remained unclear (_Carty_ at p
26), until the decision of the House of Lords in _Total Network_. On one view,
the House of Lords in _OBG_ had been primarily concerned with torts within the
“3-party setting” and had only presented a “partial analysis of the economic
torts” (_Carty_ at p 26). Lord Nicholls had commented in _OBG_ that he was
“far from satisfied that, in a two-party situation, the courts would decline
to give relief to a claimant whose economic interests had been deliberately
injured by a crime committed against him by the defendant” (_OBG_ at [161]),
while Lord Hoffmann had qualified the applicability of his views on “unlawful
means” to the situation of “two-party intimidation” which he said raised
“altogether different issues” (_OBG_ at [61]).

87 In the subsequent decision of _Total Network_ , however, the House of Lords
had the occasion to address the tort of unlawful means conspiracy. The House
of Lords in _Total Network_ , in line with the _dicta_ of Lord Nicholls and
Lord Hoffmann (mentioned in the preceding paragraph) held that _OBG_ and its
enunciation of what constituted “unlawful means” was limited to the “3-party
setting” and did not extend to unlawful means conspiracy (_Total Network_ per
Lord Hope of Craighead at [43]; per Lord Walker at [99]; per Lord Mance at
[124]; per Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury at [223]; see also _Carty_ at pp
26–27). Having found no clear and persuasive authority to the contrary, the
House of Lords decided that criminal conduct at common law that was engaged in
as a means of inflicting harm on the claimant could constitute “unlawful
means”, whether or not such conduct would be actionable by the claimant
against one or more of the co-conspirators. The criminal means in question had
to be the very means by which harm was inflicted on the claimant or it had to
be directed or targeted at the claimant (_Total Network_ per Lord Hope at
[44]–[45]; per Lord Scott of Foscote at [56]; per Lord Walker at [94]–[95];
per Lord Mance at [116]; per Lord Neuberger at [221] and [224]). It followed
that it was not necessarily or always the case that _any_ criminal conduct
would give rise to a cause of action for unlawful means conspiracy (see for
example, Lord Mance at [119]), and the law had to be developed incrementally
(see Lord Walker at [96]).

88 The House of Lords rejected the notion advanced by some academics that the
tort of unlawful means conspiracy was a form of secondary liability or a
barren iteration of joint tortfeasance (which would, consequently, require the
unlawful means to be actionable in itself as a civil wrong) (Lord Walker at
[66] and [100]–[102]; Lord Mance at [116]; Lord Neuberger at [225]). Lord
Neuberger noted that “although [this] involve[d] an element of pulling oneself
up by one’s own bootstraps” (at [225]), _Total Network_ was a case in which
the tort of unlawful means conspiracy was necessary in order to fill the
lacuna that would otherwise exist because the claimant in that case (at least
on the basis of the cases put forth by the parties) could not have succeeded
in a claim for lawful means conspiracy or by tagging on a claim of joint
tortfeasorship to some other primary liability or for the tort of causing loss
by unlawful means. Various other justifications were advanced as warranting
the recognition of this tort by reference to a wide ambit of “unlawful means”.
As noted in _Carty_ at pp 134–135:

This retreat to first principles and the width to be ascribed to unlawful
means in this tort was based on a number of justifications … [t]he first three
such justifications look rather limp: an instinctive view based on the man in
the street[;] that it was ‘too obvious to need discussion’[;] that crimes,
being ‘highly blameworthy’ should constitute unlawful means for this tort;
considerations of policy-driven justice; acknowledgement of its existence by
the defendants (so it should be given a reason to exist).

… [on the fourth justification, _viz_ , considerations of policy-driven
justice]… it was the presence of the conspiracy to do harm that was stressed
throughout the judgments—Lords Hope and Walker citing Lord Wright in _Crofter_
that it was ‘in the fact of conspiracy that the unlawfulness resides’. In part
this focus on the element of combination was due to the fact that, according
to Lord Neuberger, the common law took a particularly ‘censorious view where
conspiracy is involved’. This also meant, of course, that the validity of
lawful means conspiracy was accepted, with indeed the House of Lords
concluding that if a predominant ‘improper’ purpose can be sufficient for
liability in the lawful means conspiracy tort, ‘it would be anomalous’ if
unlawful means conspiracy did not attach to crimes. However the importance of
conspiracy was not just as an ingredient in its own right but also because of
what Lord Walker termed its ‘intense’ focus on intention, which ‘sets
conspiracy apart from other torts’. This justification was highlighted by
Bowen LJ in _Mogul_ when he stated ‘the very fact of combination may show that
the object is simply to do harm and not to exercise one’s own just rights’.
Lord Walker also referred to Lord Dunedin’s observations in _Sorrell v Smith_
that acting in concert to carry out an unlawful plan as in criminal
conspiracies brings in the ‘spirit of the criminal law where motive or
intention—the mens rea—is everything’.

The law in Singapore in the light of the developments in England

89 Against this background of the development of the law in this area in
England, we turn to consider the impact of _OBG_ and _Total Network_ on the
law of unlawful means conspiracy in Singapore.

90 A preliminary question is whether unlawful means conspiracy continues to
have any relevance in our law as a basis of civil liability. Should we
continue to recognise its existence, as well as that of lawful means
conspiracy? We do not propose to answer that question in this appeal as it was
not argued, but a future case might well present the opportunity for this to
be carefully considered. Parenthetically, we note, on the facts of this case,
that the attempt to shoehorn the claim against the respondents as one based on
unlawful means conspiracy might have been avoided since the action could
instead have been pleaded on the basis of joint tortfeasorship in deceit
(though we should state at the outset that the prospects of success in such a
claim seems to be equally parlous on the facts, for reasons we will discuss
below). For the purposes of this appeal, we will assess the claim by reference
to the analytical framework developed and applied in relation to the tort of
unlawful means conspiracy as it stands.

91 A second question that might arise is whether we ought to follow the House
of Lords’ rejection in _Total Network_ of the notion that “unlawful means” are
confined to actionable civil wrongs of the kind enunciated by the majority in
_OBG_. We do not need to reach a conclusion on this since there was no dispute
over the element of unlawfulness in this case. Having said that, we do make
the observation that we find much force in the view that unlawful means for
the purposes of unlawful means conspiracy ought not to be so limited. In
_Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another and another appeal_ [2009] 3
SLR(R) 452 (“ _Beckkett_ ”) at [120], Chan Sek Keong CJ, relying on _Total
Network_ , noted that the element of unlawfulness in unlawful means conspiracy
“covers both a criminal act or means, as well as an intentional act that is
tortious” (though, it should be noted that the scope of “unlawful means” was
not a contested issue in that case).

92 A more difficult question concerns the limits that the law should draw in
imposing liability for unlawful means conspiracy based on criminal conduct.
Even on the authority of _Total Network_ , it is unclear where this line ought
to be drawn. Lord Mance in that case said at [119]:

Caution is nonetheless necessary about the scope of the tort of conspiracy by
unlawful means. Not every criminal act committed in order to injure can or
should give rise to tortious liability to the person injured, even where the
element of conspiracy is present. The pizza delivery business which obtains
more custom, to the detriment of its competitors, because it instructs its
drivers to ignore speed limits and jump red lights (Lord Walker in _OBG Ltd v
Allan_ [2008] 1 AC 1, para 266) should not be liable, even if the claim be put
as a claim in conspiracy involving its drivers and directors. And--as in
relation to the tort of causing loss by unlawful means inflicted on a third
party--there is a legitimate objection to making liability “depend upon
whether the defendant has done something which is wrongful for reasons which
have nothing to do with the damage inflicted on the claimant”: per Lord
Hoffmann in _OBG Ltd v Allan_ …

Hazel Carty (in _Carty_ at p 135) has criticised _Total Network_ as laying
down “vague criteria” for the types of criminal conduct that would be
sufficient, ranging from whether the offence existed to protect a victim such
as the claimant (_Total Network_ per Lord Mance at [120]), whether a tort for
breach of statutory duty would similarly be available (_Total Network_ per
Lord Walker at [96]), to whether injury to the claimant was a direct,
inevitable and foreseeable result of the conspiracy succeeding (_Total
Network_ per Lord Neuberger at [223]–[224]).

93 Again, it is not necessary for the purposes of this appeal for us to
express a definitive view on this. We venture to suggest, however, that the
example of the pizza delivery or courier delivery business might be more
easily resolved through the test of “instrumentality” propounded by Lord
Nicholls in _OBG_. If two pizza delivery companies agree to purposefully
violate parking regulations and instruct their drivers to park their vehicles
across the car park entrance of a third competitor in order to injure the
third competitor’s business, it is difficult to see how that could not amount
to an unlawful means conspiracy. This can readily be distinguished from the
case of a pizza delivery company that instructs its drivers to drive at
excessive speeds in order to reduce delivery times. The interest implicated in
the latter situation is road safety; in the former, it is the third
competitor’s interest to be free from targeted unlawful interference in its
activities. To this extent, we agree with Lord Nicholls’ observations in _OBG_
at [160] that the pizza delivery companies’ criminal conduct in the latter
case is “not an offence committed against the rival company in any realistic
sense of that expression”. Imposing the requirement of “instrumentality” would
also address the concern expressed by the House of Lords in _Total Network_
that an anomaly would arise if a remedy was allowed where the wrongful conduct
was a tort but not where it happened to entail the commission of a crime
(_Total Network_ per Lord Mance at [118]; per Lord Neuberger at [221]). In our
judgment, the focus should be on the intention pursuant to which the unlawful
act was done. This also seems to tie in consistently with our analysis on the
question of intention in the following paragraphs. We emphasise, however, that
this issue may warrant further argument, analysis and consideration in a
future case.

94 A fourth issue that arises is whether the core element of unlawfulness in
unlawful means conspiracy (and indeed the rationale underpinning the tort)
resides in the fact of the combination between the parties. This appeared to
feature in their Lordships’ consideration in _Total Network_ that “unlawful
means” extended beyond what was civilly actionable by the claimant (see above,
at [88]). Lord Hope said in _Total Network_ at [44] that:

… If, as Lord Wright said in  _Crofter Hand Woven Harris Tweed Co Ltd v
Veitch_ [1942] AC 435, 462, it is in the fact of the conspiracy that the
unlawfulness resides, why should that principle not apply here? As a
subspecies of the tort of unlawful means conspiracy, the case is virtually
indistinguishable from the tort of conspiracy to injure. The fact that the
unlawful means were not in themselves actionable does not seem, in this
context at least, to be significant. …

Similar views were also echoed by the other members of the House of Lords in
_Total Network_ (see above, at [87]). To the extent it is suggested that
unlawfulness consists in the fact of the agreement _per se_ , we do not think
this is correct.

95 Undoubtedly, as it stands, the conspiracy torts rest on the fact of an
agreement or combination. But the real wrong rests in the notion that
something is done _in order to harm another person_. Eveleigh LJ in _Lonrho
Ltd & Another v Shell Petroleum Co Ltd & Another_, The Times 7 March 1981
Transcript No 51 of 1981 (“ _Lonrho v Shell (No 2) CA_ ”) articulated the
premise for the tort of conspiracy as “[consisting] of the agreement of two or
more persons to act in combination in order to injure the plaintiff without
justification, and where in pursuance of that object something is done whereby
the plaintiff suffers damage”. He went on to observe that where the
combination is done without the use of “unlawful means”, it could be justified
if the predominant object of the combination was not the causing of harm but,
for example, the furtherance of self-protection or advancement of the personal
interests of the defendant.

96 What is proscribed by the tort of _lawful_ means conspiracy is the
malicious combination to harm someone by means falling within the letter of
the law. This might be understandable because judges see laws as designed to
prevent harm and rail against targeted efforts to sail so close to the wind as
to stay within the letter of the law while setting out to harm another.
Nonetheless, where self-interest is the predominant motivation, the act may be
justified. However, if the means are _unlawful_ , there is no scope for such
justification as a means of avoiding liability. This is the crux of unlawful
means conspiracy—one cannot combine and undertake an unlawful course of action
with the intention to harm another even if the principal “motive” is to
benefit oneself. _It is the combination, accompanied by the intention to
injure by unlawful means that makes such conduct unlawful_. Each of these
elements is important. Thus, Fox LJ observed in _Lonrho v Shell (No 2) CA_
that a focus on the combination to commit a wrong would be erroneous without
also looking at the injury being the _purpose_ rather than the _consequence_
of the combination. Fox LJ also said:

I agree with the judge, that where persons combine to do an unlawful act with
the intention of injuring another person there is every reason why that person
should have a cause of action if he suffers damage. The position is otherwise
if, there being no cause of action in respect of the act if done by an
individual, there was no intent by the combiners to injure the complainant. To
give such a cause of action gives undue weight to the mere fact of the
combination. An intention to injure is, it seems to me, a necessary element in
the tort.

97 This is also in line with _Lonrho v Fayed HL_. There, the House of Lords
addressed the confusion arising from Lord Diplock’s speech in _Lonrho v Shell_
at 189 in which he appeared to hold that a predominant intention to injure was
required even for unlawful means conspiracy. The House of Lords clarified that
if injury is caused intentionally by way of unlawful means, then the fact that
the predominant intention was not to injure the claimant but to further one’s
own interest would not warrant a contrary conclusion. Lord Bridge in _Lonrho v
Fayed HL_ said at 465–466:

… Where conspirators act with the predominant purpose of injuring the
plaintiff and in fact inflict damage on him, but do nothing which would have
been actionable if done by an individual acting alone, it is in the fact of
their concerted action for that illegitimate purpose that the law, however
anomalous it may now seem, finds a sufficient ground to condemn their action
as illegal and tortious. But when conspirators intentionally injure the
plaintiff and use unlawful means to do so, it is no defence for them to show
that their primary purpose was to further or protect their own interests; it
is sufficient to make their action tortious that the means used were unlawful.

98 The House of Lords in _Total Network_ upheld the requirement for an
_intention to injure_ to be shown in a claim for unlawful means conspiracy,
even though the articulation of the test for intention differed in the various
speeches of the House of Lords (see Christian Witting, “Intra-corporate
conspiracy: an intriguing prospect” (2013) 72 CLJ 178 at 187–188). We agree
that the element of intention is essential. However, the difficulty is in the
formulation of a test for “intention”. The English Court of Appeal in _Douglas
and others v Hello! Ltd and others (No 3)_ [2006] 1 QB 125 (“ _Hello!_ ”)
noted in the context of the tort of causing loss by unlawful means (for which
the requisite mental element is the same as that for unlawful means
conspiracy) that the authorities do not speak with one voice on what amounts
to “intention to injure” (at [159]):

There are a number of contenders for the test of the state of mind that
amounts to an "intention to injure" in the context of the tort that we have
described as "unlawful interference". These include the following: (a) an
intention to cause economic harm to the claimant as an end in itself; (b) an
intention to cause economic harm to the claimant because it is a necessary
means of achieving some ulterior motive; (c) knowledge that the course of
conduct undertaken will have the inevitable consequence of causing the
claimant economic harm; (d) knowledge that the course of conduct will probably
cause the claimant economic harm; (e) knowledge that the course of conduct
undertaken may cause the claimant economic harm coupled with reckless
indifference as to whether it does or not. A course of conduct undertaken with
an intention that satisfies test (a) or (b) can be said to be "aimed",
"directed", or "targeted" at the claimant. Causing the claimant economic harm
will be a specific object of the conduct in question. A course of conduct
which only satisfies test (c) cannot of itself be said to be so aimed,
directed or targeted, because the economic harm, although inevitable, will be
no more than an incidental consequence, at least from the defendant's
perspective. None the less, the fact that the economic harm is inevitable (or
even probable) may well be evidence to support a contention that test (b), or
even test (a), is satisfied.

99 What is clear is that it is not sufficient for the claimant to show that it
was reasonably foreseeable that the claimant would or might suffer damage as a
result of the defendant’s act. Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers MR who
delivered the judgment on behalf of the Court of Appeal in _Hello!_ emphasised
that “there is an important conceptual and factual difference between a tort,
like negligence or breach of duty, which requires merely that the loss or
damage should be reasonably foreseeable and a tort, which requires actual
knowledge (or subjective recklessness) as to the consequences” such as the
tort of unlawful means conspiracy (_Hello!_ at [160]).

100 We agree. The law has insisted on the element of “intention” for economic
torts in recognition of “the need to keep liability within acceptable bounds”
(_Carty_ at p 302), particularly in the light of the effect that these torts
have on competition and the boundaries of acceptable conduct in the
marketplace (see also _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ at para 15.004). The law
recognises that intentionally damaging other persons, by unlawful means is not
to be countenanced. In contrast, in the tort of negligence, liability is
imposed for a failure to meet an objective standard of reasonable conduct, no
matter the state of mind of the actor (_The Law of Torts in Australia_ at p
15).

101 A claimant in an action for unlawful means conspiracy would have to show
that the unlawful means and the conspiracy were targeted or directed at the
claimant. It is not sufficient that harm to the claimant would be a likely, or
probable or even inevitable consequence of the defendant’s conduct. Injury to
the claimant must have been intended as a means to an end or as an end in
itself. As Lord Hoffmann said in _OBG_ (at [42] and [62]):

… It is necessary to distinguish between ends, means and consequences. If
someone knowingly causes a breach of contract, it does not normally matter
that it is the means by which he intends to achieve some further end or even
that he would rather have been able to achieve that end without causing a
breach. ...

…

In the _Lumley v Gye_ tort, there must be an intention to procure a breach of
contract. In the unlawful means tort, there must be an intention to cause
loss. The ends which must have been intended are different. … But the concept
of intention is in both cases the same. In both cases it is necessary to
distinguish between ends, means and consequences. One intends to cause loss
even though it is the means by which one achieved the end of enriching
oneself. On the other hand, one is not liable for loss which is neither a
desired end nor a means of attaining it but merely a foreseeable consequence
of one’s actions.

Lesser states of mind, such as an appreciation that a course of conduct would
inevitably harm the claimant, would not amount to an intention to injure,
although it may be a factor supporting an inference of intention on the
factual circumstances of the case. In _Lonrho plc v Fayed_ [1990] 2 QB 479 at
488–489 Woolf LJ observed that the requisite intent (for the tort of causing
loss by unlawful means) would be satisfied if the defendant fully appreciated
that a course of conduct that he was embarking upon would have a particular
consequence to a claimant but nonetheless decided to pursue that course of
conduct; or if the defendant deliberately embarked upon a course of conduct
while appreciating the probable consequences to the claimant. In our judgment,
this is inconsistent with the requirement that intention must be shown. It is
simply insufficient in seeking to meet the element of _intention_ to show
merely that there was knowledge to found an awareness of the likelihood of
particular consequences.

Intention to injure a class of persons

102 We turn to a sub-issue which arose in the appeal, namely whether it is
sufficient for a claimant to show that the defendant had the intention to
injure a class of persons (of which the claimant was a member) as opposed to a
more specific intention to injure the claimant. Before us, the appellants
argued that they fell within the class of potential fund providers intended to
be “defrauded” by the scheme perpetuated by the respondents, Mr Hsiao, Mr Lu
and Mr Chiao. The appellants relied on _OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP and
Others v Burhan Uray (alias Wong Ming Kiong) and Others_ [2004] SGHC 115 (“
_OCM Opportunities_ ”) at [35], in which Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (“Belinda Ang
J”) observed that “it is not necessary to have an identifiable victim to show
that the conduct was done with intention to injure that victim” for the
purposes of unlawful means conspiracy. She held that it is sufficient that the
claimant is a member of a class of persons that the conspirators intended to
injure, even if his membership of the class is uncertain at the date of the
agreement” (_OCM Opportunities_ at [35] citing _Bullman and another v Berkeley
Homes (Essex) Ltd and others_ [2003] All ER (D) 132 (Apr) (“ _Bullman_ ”) at
[108]). Belinda Ang J added, however, that if the conspiracy is aimed not at
an individual or at a class of persons but at the public, the damage sustained
by a member of the public would be too remote to give rise to a cause of
action (_OCM Opportunities_ at [36] citing _Vickery v Taylor_ (1910) 11 SR
(NSW) 119).

103 On a close reading of _Bullman_ , we do not think that the case is clear
authority for the proposition that liability can be imposed for unlawful means
conspiracy so long as the claimant is a member of an indeterminate class of
persons (and insofar as it does stand for this proposition, we think that the
case ought to be approached with caution). The outcome in _Bullman_ has to be
seen in the light of its facts. The claimants (“the Bullmans”) were directors
of and owned 998 of 1000 shares in Pasec Group Limited (“Pasec”). Pasec owned
a piece of land (“North Farm”). The second and third defendants (“the
Thomases”) claimed ownership by adverse possession of the ground floor of a
garage built on one part of North Farm. Pasec did not object to the Thomases
becoming registered proprietors over the ground floor of the garage, as long
as it did not affect Pasec’s ownership of the loft of the garage (“the Flying
Freehold”). Plans were subsequently underway to sell a part of North Farm as a
development site (“the Development Site”) to the first defendant (“Berkeley”).
The transaction to convey the Development Site to Berkeley was done through a
company that the Bullmans incorporated for tax purposes (“NFDL”). A dispute
arose as to whether the Flying Freehold had been included in the conveyance to
Berkeley. The Thomases then entered into an agreement (“the Agreement”) with
Berkeley for the garage and the Flying Freehold to be demolished and
reconstructed, and they deliberately excluded the Bullmans and Pasec from the
negotiations even though Pasec was still the registered proprietor of the
Flying Freehold (_Bullman_ at [70]). The Thomases were also put on notice by
the Bullmans’ solicitors at the relevant time that the Bullmans or their
companies were claiming to be owners of the disputed part of the land
(_Bullman_ at [55]). The Bullmans later became owners of the land on Pasec’s
and NFDL’s liquidation, and sued the Thomases for conspiring to injure them
by, among other things, entering into an agreement with Berkeley to allow them
to demolish the garage, including the Flying Freehold.

104 In that context, Launcelot Henderson QC found that injury to Pasec and its
successors in title was within the direct contemplation of Berkeley and the
Thomases. Henderson QC seemed struck by the fact that the agreement between
the Thomases and Berkeley contained clauses such as one indemnifying the
Thomases against any suit by the owners of the Flying Freehold “from time to
time”. On the whole, the facts of _Bullman_ can be seen to be exceptional
because the contract expressly contemplated the possibility of a claim being
brought by the successors-in-title of Pasec and the Bullmans themselves had in
fact asserted such rights at the relevant time. In our judgment, the case is
scant authority for any general principle that the intention to harm an
indeterminate class of victims will suffice.

105 On the whole, the position in Australia appears to be that liability for
unlawful means conspiracy against a class of persons will only be imposed if
the harm is _directed_ at persons who are ascertainable at the time of the
conspiracy (_The Law of Torts in Singapore_ at para 15.062). In _Dresna Pty
Ltd v Misu Nominees Pty Ltd and others_ [2004] FCAFC 169 (“ _Dresna_ ”), the
appellant alleged that the respondents conspired to injure it by, among other
things, making false representations to and breaching undertakings given to
the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (“ACCC”) that the third and
fourth respondents (“Franklins”), a supermarket retailer, would sell its
business to an independent supermarket retailer and not to a large supermarket
operator such as the fifth respondent (“Coles”).

106 In _Dresna_ , Mr Leo Blake (“Mr Blake”) had entered into an agreement with
Franklins in May 2001 to purchase its business in Mentone with the option of
nominating a substitute purchaser. A short while later, in June 2001, the
aforesaid undertakings were given to ACCC. Sometime in 2001 and in any event,
by June 2001, Coles allegedly began to devise a scheme to acquire Franklins’
assets, which Franklins had allegedly represented to the ACCC would be sold to
an independent supermarket retailer. In August 2001, the appellant, which was
Mr Blake’s nominee, entered into an agreement to purchase Franklins’ business
at its Mentone store (“the Mentone BSA”) but difficulties arose in obtaining
the lessor’s consent for the appellant to lease the premises. Between
September and November 2001, Franklins and Coles agreed that Franklins would
sell its business in Mentone to Coles. Franklins subsequently rescinded the
Mentone BSA. The appellant pleaded, amongst other things, that Franklins and
Coles had conspired to deprive an “independent operator” of the benefit of the
Mentone BSA by breaching the undertakings given to the ACCC, and that Coles
and Franklins’ lessor had conspired with an intention of injuring an
“independent operator”, being a party that would enter into an agreement to
purchase Franklins’ Mentone business, by unreasonably withholding its consent
contrary to the lease agreement. The judge found that there was no basis for
the claim as pleaded, _ie_ that the lessor or Coles intended to injure a class
of persons known as “independent operators” who could be any member of the
public apart from large supermarket operators. He refused leave to amend the
pleadings. On appeal, Kiefel and Jacobson JJ agreed with the judge that the
appellant’s pleadings were defective (_Dresna_ at [7]). They also rejected the
appellant’s argument that the appellant’s specific identity need not be known
at the time the conspiracy was entered into. The court thought that the
authorities established that the intention had to be directed to a particular
person or ascertainable members of a class (_Dresna_ at [8]–[11]); what was
required was for the conspirators to have acted _in order_ that, and _not with
the result_ that, the claimant should suffer damage (_Dresna_ at [12]).

107 _Dresna_ was subsequently followed in _Australian Wool Innovation Ltd v
Ingrid Newkirk and others_ [2005] FCA 209 (“ _Newkirk_ ”). There the applicant
claimed to represent some 30,000 Australian woolgrowers in a claim against the
respondents for conspiracy by, among other things, having organised a boycott
to stop the sale of Australian-produced wool in other countries. The applicant
subsequently applied to add 103 companies as applicants to the cause of action
in conspiracy. Hely J considered that the pleading of conspiracy, the objects
of which were some 30,000 woolgrowers and/or the first to 104th applicants,
gave rise to the question of whether such a conspiracy would be sufficiently
targeted to be actionable at the suit of these particular claimants (_Newkirk_
at [68]). Hely J found that this pleading was embarrassing and deficient, and
the claim for conspiracy was struck out with liberty to replead.

108 While these stand as authorities that reflect an unwillingness to expand
the scope of the conspiracy torts, there are other decisions which might
appear to be incongruous with _Dresna_ or might be said at least to have
broadened the test of what it means to target a group of persons in a claim
for unlawful means conspiracy. In _Stanley and Ors v Layne Christensen Company
and Ors_ [2006] WASCA 56 (“ _Stanley_ ”), the first defendant sold his shares
in the second plaintiff to the first plaintiff and entered into a consultancy
agreement with the first and second plaintiffs by which he undertook not to
solicit for himself or for any other person any business which would be in
competition with the second plaintiff or any related to affiliated
corporation. The first defendant subsequently assisted in the setting up of
the other defendants’ businesses which were competitive with the second
plaintiff. In the meantime, the second plaintiff assigned its assets to the
third and fourth plaintiffs. The plaintiffs pleaded, amongst other things, a
cause of action in conspiracy whereby the defendants had agreed to commit
unlawful acts with the intention of injuring the third and fourth plaintiffs.
The defendants sought to have this pleading struck out, arguing that they were
not given notice of the assignment of assets to the third and fourth
plaintiffs, nor were they even aware of their existence and as such there were
no grounds to argue that the defendants conspired to injure these two
companies.

109 The Court of Appeal of Western Australia, on a hearing of the appeal
against the master’s refusal to strike out, said that while it accepted the
approach in _Dresna_ as correct, _Dresna_ did not determine the issue before
the court, because it was arguable on the facts of _Stanley_ that the
conspiracy was directed at every member of the group having the benefit of the
non-competition clause, and while “[t]he members of that group may vary over
time … its membership would be ascertainable at any particular date”
(_Stanley_ at [47]). It was also arguable that the class of persons that the
defendants intended to injure was possible to define with sufficient precision
and to point to facts that showed that the defendants were aware of the
existence of the third and fourth plaintiffs.

110 In a somewhat similar vein, in _British American Tobacco Australia Limited
v Gordon & Ors (No 3)_ [2009] VSC 619 (“ _BATAL_ ”), Kaye J concluded,
somewhat controversially, that an alleged conspiracy entered into between 1987
and 2002 to destroy documents that could be used by prospective claimants,
meaning persons who had or could have commenced proceedings against the
conspirators for damage and injury arising from smoking the cigarettes
manufactured by the conspirators, could be pleaded. Although the members of
this class might vary over time, they were ascertainable at any particular
date (_BATAL_ at [37]). However, it seems to us, with respect, that Kaye J
defined the relevant class of persons in a tautological fashion, noting that
these would be persons who issued proceedings against the claimants from time
to time. Kaye J conceded in _BATAL_ (at [36]–[37]) that “[t]he precise point
of distinction between _Dresna_ and _Stanley_ ” was a difficult one but
resolved those cases on the basis that in _Dresna_ , there was no class of
persons that could be identifiable because the person who would suffer injury
would come from an amorphous group of the public at large. In contrast,
membership of the group which was the target of the conspiracy in _Stanley_
could be ascertained at any date.

111 While we agree, in principle, that a conspiracy can be targeted at a class
of persons, in our judgment, the members of that class must be ascertainable
at the time the conspiracy is entered into or it must at least be shown that
the conspiracy was referable to that person having regard to the mental
element for conspiracy. Particular caution must be exercised in cases where
membership of the relevant class varies over time. A contrary approach which
leaves the membership of the class indeterminate would threaten to blur the
conceptual distinction that needs to be maintained between the tort of
negligence and conspiracy torts. Moreover, if the relevant class of persons
were indeterminate, the problem of finding the class by the application of
tautological reasoning would likely arise (see _The Law of Torts in Singapore_
at para 15.06). Indeed, this was the very problem in _BATAL_. We thus prefer a
stricter approach by insisting on a tight nexus between the element of
intention and the members of that class who are targeted by the defendants.

Application to the facts

112 In the light of these principles, we turn to assess the appellants’ claim
against the respondents on the facts. To succeed in a claim for conspiracy by
unlawful means of conspiracy, the appellants must show that:

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts were be performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy (_Nagase
Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 80 at [23]; _Tjong Very
Sumito and others v Chan Sing En and others_ [2012] SGHC 125 at [186]).

The elements of combination and intention were the controversial elements in
this appeal, and we will analyse each of them in light of the facts.

The combination

113 The appellants must show that there was an agreement between the
respondents, Mr Hsiao, Mr Lu and Mr Chiao to pursue a particular course of
conduct, and that concerted action was taken pursuant to that agreement
(_Carty_ at p 128; _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ para 15.052). The existence
of a combination is often inferred from the circumstances and acts of the
alleged conspirators (_Kuwait Oil Tanker Co SAK and another v Al Bader and
others (No 3)_ [2000] 2 All ER (Comm) 271 (“ _Kuwait Oil Tanker_ ”) at [110];
_Asian Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd v Eastwest Management Ltd (Singapore
Branch)_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 901 at [19]; _The “Dolphina”_ [2012] 1 SLR 992 (“
_Dolphina_ ”) at [262]–[264]). It is also accepted that the parties must be
“sufficiently aware of the surrounding circumstances and share the object for
it properly to be said that they were acting in concert at the time of the
acts complained of” (_Kuwait Oil Tanker_ at [111]).

114 In our judgment, the element of an agreement or a combination is not
satisfied on the facts. It is meaningless to speak of an agreement or
combination in the absence of a common understanding of the material facts
being shared by all the alleged conspirators. Of particular importance is the
fact that Mr Chiao and Mr Hsiao were looking to mislead a prospective investor
to invest in EIMC on the basis of conveying a misimpression of EIMC’s
financial health. As we have noted above (at [40]–[48]), the only facts shown
to have been known by the respondents was that EIMC had been attempting,
though unsuccessfully on many occasions, to obtain bank financing and the
issuance of a letter of credit in order to pay for the Hulls. The
correspondence between Ms Lim and EIMC’s representatives all related to the
latter’s efforts to obtain finance from the banks. There was clearly a basis
to find that the respondents and EIMC’s representatives agreed upon a scheme
to convey a false picture to a bank as to EIMC’s payment for and interest in
the Hulls in order to persuade it to extend a refinancing arrangement to EIMC
on the strength of its mistaken belief. But the evidence went no further than
this.

115 The respondents had no knowledge that a prospective investor would come
onto the scene, much less that Mr Chiao and Mr Hsiao would devise a different
scheme to hoodwink that investor. The fraud practised on the appellants had
nothing to do with any payment being made to the respondents for the Hulls.
Nor was this fraud founded on the notion that the respondents would convey
title to the Hulls upon any payment; in fact part of the deception was that
the Hulls had already been acquired. The truth was that the respondents were
themselves a victim of a fraud within a fraud. Therefore, it cannot be said
that they were party to the combination shared by Mr Hsiao, Mr Chiao, Mr Lu
and/or EIMC’s representatives, and we agree with the Judge’s findings. In the
absence of a combination or agreement between the respondents and those who
actually defrauded the appellants, the claim in conspiracy was doomed to fail.

Intention

116 In the light of our finding that there was no agreement or combination, it
would follow that the appellants would not be able to show the requisite
intention to injure them. To put it simply, the respondents were party to a
different combination that did not contemplate the existence of the appellants
at all, and it would follow that the respondents did not have the intention to
injure the appellants. The appellants’ case was founded on the notion that it
was reasonably foreseeable that EIMC would seek out equity investors, aside
from the banks, to finance the purchase of the _Ocean Lala_. The appellants
argued that on the evidence, Ms Lim had admitted that finance for EIMC’s
purchase of the _Ocean Lala_ could come from new shareholders investing in
EIMC. Reliance was placed on the following exchange during the cross-
examination of Ms Lim below: [note: 91]

Q:By June or July 2006, that is about eight months after the November 2005
contract, you knew that while EIMC can continue discussing with various banks
for bank facilities, EIMC must still take care of the 20 per cent downpayment;
is that correct?

A:Yes.

Q:And so one of the effective ways to take care of this 20 per cent
downpayment is to get the existing shareholders or new shareholders to inject
money into EIMC; is that correct?

A:Whichever.

Q:Yes. Thank you.

The fact that it might have been foreseeable that persons in the position of
the appellants could be harmed by the respondents’ conduct is wholly
insufficient for the purposes of unlawful means conspiracy. The respondents
knew neither of the appellants’ existence at the relevant time nor even the
fact that the equity investors would be approached. They certainly never set
out to injure the appellants. Moreover, even if they were indifferent as to
who paid for their Hulls, this was just not what transpired in this case. The
appellants invested in the company as a result of a slew of falsehoods that
were intended to and did persuade them that this was a sound investment. These
were totally different in nature and went well beyond the falsehoods to which
the respondents were party. The respondents never intended to harm the
appellants (or any class of investors who were keen to invest in the company)
even as a means to an end. Nothing in the evidence supported the appellants’
contention that the appellants, or for that matter, any equity investor, would
be within the class of persons intended to be harmed by the respondents. What
EIMC’s representatives did was to use some of the material that had been
created with the participation of the respondents to then engage in a scheme
that was of a wholly different sort to that which had originally been
contemplated. Even assuming that the later fraud was a foreseeable consequence
of the respondents’ actions, this was nowhere near sufficient to show the
requisite intent to injure.

117 Finally, we note that the appellants’ claim plainly could not have been
made good on the basis of joint tortfeasance for deceit, which could have
governed the appellants’ claim. In _Clerk & Lindsell_ at paras 4-03 and 4-04,
the learned authors helpfully summarise the law on joint tortfeasorship as
follows:

… Who, then, are joint tortfeasors? One way of answering the question is to
see whether the cause of action against each tortfeasor is the same. … They
will be jointly liable for a tort which they both commit or for the commission
of which they are both responsible, but not where each is independently
responsible for a separate tort and the two torts combine to produce the same
damage.

Thus, the agent who commits a tort on behalf of his principal and the
principal himself are joint tortfeasors; so are the employee who commits a
tort in the course of his employment and his employer; so are an independent
contractor who commits a tort and his employer … _Apart from these instances,
concerted action is required. Where one person instigates another to commit a
tort, they are joint tortfeasors; so are persons whose respective shares in
the commission of a tort are done in furtherance of a common design._ … anyone
complicit in the commission of a deceit may likewise be regarded as a joint-
tortfeasor so long as there is a common design. But mere similarity of design
on the part of independent actors, causing independent damage, is not enough;
there must be concerted action towards a common end. …

[emphasis added]

On these principles, the appellants would not have been able to succeed
against the respondents as joint tortfeasors with Mr Hsiao, Mr Lu and Mr Chiao
for the tort of deceit because there was no common design or concerted action
between the respondents and those other parties.

118 In _Total Network_ , the House of Lords rejected the notion that unlawful
means conspiracy is merely a form of secondary liability duplicating the
liability that would be imposed on conspirators as joint tortfeasors (_Total
Network_ per Lord Walker at [101]–[104]; per Lord Mance at [116]; and per Lord
Neuberger at [225]–[226]). As we have said above, we leave this open for
another occasion; but the fact that the appellants would not have succeeded in
showing that the respondents were joint tortfeasors in deceit fortifies our
conclusion that no liability can be imposed on the respondents for unlawful
means conspiracy on the basis of the fraudulent misrepresentations that were
made to Mr Qin.

Conclusion

119 For the reasons set out above, we dismiss the appeal. Although the
respondents have prevailed, we took a very dim view of the conduct of the
respondents in this case. Such conduct was wholly lacking in probity and
likely also to have been unlawful. But the question posed to us was whether
they were liable to the appellants for the tort of unlawful means conspiracy
and we are satisfied that the answer to that specific question is in the
negative. Nonetheless, to signal our disapproval of the respondent’s conduct
we order that the respondent should only have 75% of the costs of the
proceedings below.

120 As to the costs of the appeal, in the final analysis, there were no merits
in the appeal and we consider that there is no reason for us not to award the
costs of the appeal to the respondents. We accordingly do so. We make no order
as to the costs of the Summons. We also make the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal (“ROA”), vol III Part E, p 40 para 4

[note: 2]The Judgment at [49]

[note: 3]The Judgment at [34]

[note: 4]ROA vol II, p 9 para 2

[note: 5]The Judgment at [2]

[note: 6]The Judgment at [7]

[note: 7]The Judgment at [5]

[note: 8]The Judgment at [8]

[note: 9]ROA, vol III Part E, p 42 para 8

[note: 10]ROA, vol III Part E, p 43 para 10

[note: 11]ROA, vol III Part E, p 44 para 14

[note: 12]The Judgment at [33]; ROA, vol III Part E, p 51 para 25

[note: 13]ROA, vol III Part E, p 45 para 16

[note: 14]ROA, vol III Part E, p 51 para 29

[note: 15]The Judgment at [51]

[note: 16]ROA, vol III Part E, p 53 para 30

[note: 17]The Judgment at [34] and [78]

[note: 18]The Judgment at [36]

[note: 19]The Judgment at [52]; ROA vol III Part E, p 54 para 34

[note: 20]The Judgment at [37]

[note: 21]The Judgment at [52]

[note: 22]ROA, vol III Part E, p 55 para 35

[note: 23]NE, 9 Apr 2012, pp 77–78; p 103

[note: 24]ROA, vol III Part E, p 55 para 35

[note: 25]ROA, vol III Part E, p 55–57

[note: 26]ROA, vol III Part F, p 66; ROA Vol IV Part C, p 132

[note: 27]ROA, vol III Part E, p 58 para 46

[note: 28]ROA, vol II p 93

[note: 29]ROA, vol II p 202 para 16.4

[note: 30]NE, 10 Apr 2012, pp 123–124; pp 103–114

[note: 31]ROA, vol III Part E, p 61 para 53

[note: 32]Appellants’ Core Bundle (“ACB”) vol II, pp 10–13

[note: 33]ROA, vol III Part E, p 62; ROA, vol IV Part A, pp 106–107

[note: 34]ROA, vol III Part E, p 62 para 55

[note: 35]ROA, vol IV Part C, p 169

[note: 36]ROA, vol IV Part C, p 170

[note: 37]ROA, vol III Part F, p 79

[note: 38]ACB, vol II, p 75

[note: 39]ROA, vol IV Part C, pp 174–175

[note: 40]NE, 11 Apr 2012, p 61

[note: 41]ROA, vol III Part E, p 66 para 64

[note: 42]NE, 11 Apr 2012, p 97

[note: 43]ROA, vol III Part E, p 69 para 73

[note: 44]ROA, vol II p 208

[note: 45]ROA, vol III Part E, p 68 para 70

[note: 46]ROA, vol III Part E, pp 68–69

[note: 47]ROA, vol III Part E, p 70

[note: 48]ROA, vol III Part E, p 71

[note: 49]ROA, vol II p 211

[note: 50]NE, 11 Apr 2012, p 93

[note: 51]NE, 11 Apr 2012, pp 91–93; ROA vol IV Part D, pp 77–78

[note: 52]NE, 11 Apr 2012, p 93

[note: 53]ACB, vol II, p 72

[note: 54]NE, 2 Apr 2012, pp 24–25

[note: 55]ROA, vol II, pp 111–112

[note: 56]The Judgment at [19]–[22]; ROA, vol II p 138; vol III p 57

[note: 57]ROA, vol III Part F, p 3

[note: 58]NE, 3 Apr 2012, p 33

[note: 59]The Judgment at [26]

[note: 60]ROA, vol III Part B, pp 59–63

[note: 61]ROA, vol III Part B, p 63 para 84

[note: 62]ROA, vol III Part B, p 64

[note: 63]NE, 3 Apr 2012, p 33

[note: 64]ROA, vol III Part D, pp 112–118

[note: 65]ROA, vol III Part B, p 69 para 96

[note: 66]ROA, vol II p 208; ROA vol IV Part E, pp 49–50

[note: 67]ROA, vol III Part E, p 69 para 77

[note: 68]ROA, vol III Part B, p 74 para 107

[note: 69]The Judgment at [3]

[note: 70]ROA, vol II pp 25–26, para 7.26; vol III Part B, p 31 para 15

[note: 71]The Judgment at [59]–[60]

[note: 72]ROA, vol III Part E, p 77

[note: 73]The Judgment at [80]

[note: 74]The Judgment at [80]–[85]; Plaintiff’s Further Submissions in the
Suit filed 29 Nov 2012, paras 38–39

[note: 75]Respondents’ Case (“RC”), para 40

[note: 76]RC, paras 61–64

[note: 77]ROA, vol IV Part A, p 102

[note: 78]ROA, vol III Part E, pp 46–48, 219

[note: 79]ROA, vol III Part E, p 49, para 22

[note: 80]ROA, vol III Part E, p 49, para 22

[note: 81]ROA, vol III Part E, p 263

[note: 82]ACB, vol II, p 73

[note: 83]ROA, vol III part E, p 52

[note: 84]NE, 11 Apr 2012, pp 64–66, 73–75

[note: 85]The Judgment at [35]

[note: 86]ACB vol I, p 74

[note: 87]NE, 10 Apr 2012, pp 57–69

[note: 88]NE, 11 Apr 2012, pp 2–3

[note: 89]ACB vol I, p 77

[note: 90]ROA, vol III Part E, pp 61–62

[note: 91]NE, 10 Apr, pp 46–47

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

