Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Abdul Kahar bin Othman  
[2013] SGHC 164

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 8 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 August 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jean Chan, Lim How Khang and Wong Woon Kwong (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Johan Bin Ismail (Johan Ismail
& Company) and Abdul Rahman Bin Mohd Hanipah (J.R.B. Law LLP) for Accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Abdul Kahar bin Othman  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision (and to the decision in
[2013] SGHC 222) in Criminal Appeal No 4 of 2015 was dismissed by the Court of
Appeal on 1 October 2015. See [2016] SGCA 11.]

27 August 2013| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused claimed trial before me on two charges of trafficking
diamorphine under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (the “MDA”). The evidence showed that the accused was
driving a motor car (SFZ 1852T) along the slip road from Boon Lay Way into
Jurong Town Hall Road on 6 July 2010 at 3.17pm when he was stopped by officers
from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”). He was promptly arrested. The CNB
officers took him and his car to a nearby car park at Block 225A Jurong East
Street 21. There, SSI Sea Hoon Cheng and SSSgt Larry Tay searched the car (SFZ
1852T). A red carrier bag (“G1”) was seized from the car. The CNB officers
found a packet wrapped in newspaper in the carrier bag. The packet was found
to contain granular substances. Those substances were sent to the Health
Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for analysis and were subsequently ascertained by
the HSA to contain 26.13g of diamorphine. This became the subject matter of
the first charge.

2 At 4.15pm, the accused was taken to his flat at Block 325 Bukit Batok Street
33 where a search of the flat was conducted by SSSgt Larry Tay and three other
CNB officers, namely, SSSgt Jason Tay, SSgt Mohd Hafiz and SSgt Alwin Wong.
The accused was residing in the flat with his younger brother and mother. In
the accused’s bedroom, a red plastic bag (“A1”) was found beneath the bottom
drawer of the accused’s cabinet. A1 contained numerous plastic sachets, a
sachet of brown granular substances wrapped in newspaper, as well as a small
packet of crystalline substance. A dark blue bag with coloured prints (“A2”)
was also found in the same spot beneath the bottom drawer. In it was a light
blue plastic bag which in turn contained a purple coloured plastic bag from
which two packets of brown granular substances were found. The granular
substances from the sachet and packets in A1 and A2 were sent to the HSA for
analysis and were found to contain not less than 40.64g of diamorphine. This
became the subject matter of the second charge.

3 The CNB officers also found some drug related utensils and equipment in the
bedroom. These included a stained metal spoon, a digital pocket weighing
scale, an open packet of rubber bands, and two brown envelopes, one of which
had words written on it. A shoe box marked with the brand “Camel Active” was
found inside the accused’s wardrobe. There was cash amounting to $59,834 in
the shoe box. A separate white plastic bag bearing the brand “This Fashion”
was also found in the wardrobe and contained cash amounting to $9,335.

4 The accused testified that he had an upholstery business and in the course
of looking for material for his work, he came to know a person called “Latif”
in Malaysia. The accused met Latif on a few occasions and they became good
friends. The accused stated that he had no business dealings with Latif. Latif
telephoned the accused at 7am on 6 July 2010 and asked to meet at the void
deck of the accused person’s flat. No reason for the meeting was given. The
accused met Latif about 8am and Latif said to him, “I want to ask for your
help. I want to go to Jurong. I have something important to do”. Latif handed
the accused a dark blue bag with coloured prints, A2, and told the accused,
“Please keep this bag for me”. The accused testified that he asked Latif about
the contents of the bag and was told that they were things to do with work and
that he had to bring them back to Johor. The accused took A2 from Latif who
then instructed the accused to meet him at Joo Koon Circle that same day at
3pm. Meanwhile, the accused kept A2 in a drawer in the cupboard in his
bedroom.

5 Subsequently, the accused drove to Joo Koon Circle at the appointed time.
Latif walked to the car and the accused handed him the red carrier bag, G1.
Latif took G1 and walked to a motorcyclist who had stopped his motorcycle
behind the accused person’s car. Less than a minute later, Latif returned to
the accused and handed G1 back to the accused. The accused asked Latif, “What
is this?” and Latif told him that it was something to do with his work in
Johor. The accused placed G1 on the floor board of the front passenger seat
and was driving home when he was stopped and arrested.

6 From the testimony of the accused, the dark blue bag, A2, that he took from
Latif at 8am in the void deck was the bag found in his bedroom, and was the
subject of the second charge, while the red carrier bag, G1, found in his car
at 3pm was the subject of the first charge. The accused did not deny that G1
which was found in his car was in his possession. His defence was that he did
not know that both bags in question contained drugs, thereby implicitly
suggesting that the accused believed what Latif had told him, and as narrated
in his testimony.

7 The three statements recorded under s 121 of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 186, 1985 Rev Ed) (the “CPC”) did not mention the accused’s defence, and
instead contained incriminatory evidence of the accused’s knowledge of A1, A2
and G1. A _voir dire_ was carried out during the trial as the accused had
challenged the voluntariness of the three statements recorded under s 121 of
the CPC, and the two statements recorded under s 122(6) of the CPC. The
accused alleged that recorder ASP Aaron Tang, and translator Madam Sofia had
fabricated the statements, and that he signed because he was told that the
money and flat would be seized and confiscated if he did not. The accused was
unable to prove that the statements were recorded under threat, inducement or
promise, and this was also denied by ASP Aaron Tang as he stated that it was a
routine account (Madam Sofia had since died). The accused had contradicted
himself by first saying ASP Aaron Tang and Madam Sofia had threatened to
implicate his mother, and then by saying that ASP Aaron Tang and Madam Sofia
had made the statements up themselves. He then changed his evidence towards
the end of the cross-examination in the _voir dire_ by saying that ASP Aaron
Tang had asked him some questions and he had answered. But he did not know
what he had written. I also found that there was specific and elaborate
personal information about the accused, his wife and his mother in the
statements that could have only come from the accused himself. Hence, I
disbelieved him and admitted all five statements into evidence at trial.

8 The accused attempted to convey the impression that detailed enquiry about
the two bags was unnecessary because Latif and himself were close friends.
However, given the bare facts narrated above, I had expected the accused to
explain _why_ he thought that it was unremarkable that Latif needed him to
keep two bags of those sizes. The two bags could have easily been carried by
Latif. Also, it would have been natural for the accused to have asked what the
two bags contained. The accused claimed that he asked, but in this case,
should he have been satisfied with Latif’s answer that they were “material for
his work”? I found that the accused was unable to explain the necessity of
keeping the two bags for Latif, thereby leaving a large gap in his defence
unexplained, and his defence unconvincing.

9 The accused also tried to portray himself as an innocent friend of Latif.
Thus, he disputed the CNB account that he had resisted arrest and that A2 was
not concealed beneath the cabinet drawer but placed in the drawer itself,
implying that there was no attempt to hide it. He claimed that A2, which
contained the two packets of brown granular substances, would not have fit
beneath the drawer. No firmer attempt was made to demonstrate this and looking
at the photographic exhibits, and the size of the two packets of granular
substances, I am of the view that A2 was not too big to be kept beneath the
drawer. When it was discovered, the drawer was taken out and photographs of
the drawer and the blue bag were taken in the presence of the accused. If the
defence was true, the accused would have indicated to the CNB officers where
the various articles were found. However, he did not do so. Even if the
defence version was true, namely, that all the material found in the cupboard
were placed in the drawer and not concealed beneath it, the articles seized
would still have to be considered against the entire circumstances of the
defence’s case as the accused did not seek to explain the circumstances to the
CNB officers present, but remained silent (see also [10]). Furthermore, there
was a plastic bag that contained drug trafficking paraphernalia. In his
statements recorded under s 121 of the CPC, the accused admitted that A2 and
the paraphernalia belonged to him, but he retracted this at trial and also
claimed that the red plastic bag, A1, was found in A2. This was an attempt by
the accused to disclaim knowledge of A1, A2, and their contents, and attribute
all of them to Latif. I disbelieved him as this was inconsistent with his
earlier statements recorded under s 121 of the CPC and the testimonies of the
CNB officers who were at the flat searching his bedroom. The accused
maintained that he had only pushed A1 into A2 as A1 was coming out from A2
when Latif handed A2 to him. Yet, he was unable to explain why his DNA traces
were found on the interior surface of A1 as well. When questioned further, he
said that it was “a long push” which did not help to explain the DNA. As such,
I disbelieved his version of events.

10 The prosecution evidence was that the accused was questioned at the car
park and asked whether he knew what G1 was, who it belonged to, and what the
contents were for, but that the accused had refused to answer any of the
questions. When A2 was found in his bedroom, he was again asked about the bag
and its contents. Again, the accused refused to answer the questions. In his
testimony, the accused said that at the car park, SSgt Mohd Hafiz had only
asked one question, namely, “What’s this?” and because the accused answered “I
don’t know”, nothing was recorded. Mr Johan, counsel for the accused,
submitted that this was because SSgt Mohd Hafiz had hoped for a confession and
as he did not get one, he did not make a note of the solitary question and
answer. I was not inclined to accept this version of the event by the accused
or the explanation by his counsel. I note that SSgt Mohd Hafiz had asked
another CPIB officer to sign his notebook to indicate that the questions were
asked but no answers were recorded, hence I inferred that the accused had not
wanted to answer any questions by SSgt Mohd Hafiz, and SSgt Mohd Hafiz had not
attempted to elicit a confession from the accused.

11 If the accused’s version of events were true, it was inexplicable why he
had chosen not to say anything when confronted with the drugs in his car and
in his flat. In his statement recorded under s 121 of the CPC, he stated that
he had not replied because he was in “shock”. However, nothing would have been
more reasonable for a person in those situations to tell the CNB that the bags
belonged to Latif if it truly belonged to him. Instead of corroborating his
defence that he put before this court, he elected to remain silent.

12 Another reason why I disbelieved the version of events narrated by the
accused and rejected his defence was that he had not given a satisfactory
explanation as to how he was found to have $69,169 in cash in his bedroom. A
bank book in the name of his mother was found, not in his mother’s room, but
in his. That bank account showed that there was sum of about $100,000 in
credit of his 76-year-old unemployed mother. The large sum of money in cash
and in the bank book required some explanation. If they were earned from his
upholstery business he ought to have accounted for them in some rough way even
if he had not kept proper accounts. The accused also testified that the money
consisted of earnings when the mother worked as a cleaner in Shangri-La Hotel
and allowances from the accused and his siblings. However, I found that
explanation to be very weak as he had testified that his mother earned about
$1,000 a month but she was retired by the time of his arrest, and he gave her
about $1,000 a month but could not remember how much his brother gave her. I
thus found that the accused was not truthful and failed to account
sufficiently for the money and the circumstances of the bankbook in his
testimony, and was thereby not convinced by his version of events.

13 Finally, the accused’s cautioned statement indicated guilt. There, he
stated in his cautioned statement to the first charge –

My family does not know about my activities. My family is not involved in this
matter. I hope that my wife in Indonesia can be allowed into Singapore to see
me. That’s all.

In respect of the second charge he said –

I am sorry I don’t change. I have caused problems to everyone especially my
family and my wife. Now I cannot look after her; I am sorry to her and my
family. That’s all.

14 For the reasons above, I found that the accused’s defence was not
defensible, and that the accused had knowledge of the contents of A1, A2 and
G1.

15 The accused did not dispute that he had possession of the diamorphine in
his flat and car. According to the statements recorded under s 121 of the CPC,
he admitted to possessing the diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking. The
CNB officers also found drug trafficking paraphernalia that indicated that he
was re-packing and selling the diamorphine that he had received, see also [3].
It could also be inferred from the circumstances and the amount of diamorphine
in the accused’s possession that the diamorphine was not intended for personal
consumption. I found that the prosecution had proved its case in both charges
beyond a reasonable doubt and that the accused was possessing diamorphine for
the purpose of trafficking. Thus, I found the accused guilty of the two
charges and convicted him accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Aug 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

