Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Andrew John Hanam _v_ Lam Vui and another  
[2013] SGHC 159

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 92 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 August 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andrew Hanam (Andrew LLC) for the plaintiff; Bernard
Sahagar s/o Tanggavelu (Lee Bon Leong & Co.) for the defendants  
Parties| :|  Andrew John Hanam — Lam Vui and another  
  
21 August 2013|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This case concerned a pair of semi-detached properties known as No 2 and No
4 Thomson Green, Singapore. The plaintiff is the owner of No 4, which is a
three-storey semi-detached house. The defendants’ property, No 2 is a two-
storey semi-detached house. There is a two-storey dividing wall between No 2
and No 4 (“the party wall”). The party wall does not go fully up to the third
storey of No 4. A side wall of the third storey of No 4 (that is exposed to
the elements) sits above the plaintiff’s side of the party wall (“the extended
side wall”).

2 The plaintiff had complained of leaks in No 4. According to the plaintiff,
his contractor advised that the egress of water was either from the extended
side wall, or from the area where the extended side wall meets the party
wall.[note: 1] The defendants had refused to permit the plaintiff’s contractor
access to No 2 in order to inspect the party wall from the side of No 2.

3 The plaintiff commenced Originating Summons No 92 of 2013 (“OS 92”) to gain
access to No 2 for the following purposes:

(a) to carry out inspection of the party wall including the top of the party
wall;

(b) to carry out tests to determine whether the water leakage is coming from
the top or any part of the party wall;

(c) to carry out repairs to the party wall; and

(d) to carry out repairs to the extended side wall.

The Arguments

4 Before this court, the plaintiff conceded that the extended side wall was
not a “party wall” within the meaning of s 104 of the Land Titles Act (Cap
157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“LTA”).

5 The plaintiff asserted an implied easement “for party wall purposes” that
was “necessary for the reasonable enjoyment” of his property pursuant to s 99
of the LTA. As such, the plaintiff claimed to be entitled to the relief sought
in OS 92 to enter No 2 to access the roof in order to inspect the party wall
to determine the source of the leaks and to carry out the necessary repairs,
including waterproofing the extended side wall.

6 The relevant provisions of s 99 of the LTA read:

**Implied easements for right of way and other rights shown in subdivision
plan**

(1) Where the competent authority has approved the development and subdivision
of any land comprised in an estate before or after 1st March 1994 and the
subdivision plan has been submitted to the competent authority, there shall be
implied, in respect of each lot of the estate which is used or intended to be
used as a separate tenement, in favour of the registered proprietor of the lot
and as appurtenant thereto, all the easements referred to in subsection (1A).

(1A) The easements which shall be implied under subsection (1) are all such
easements of way and drainage, for party wall purposes and for the supply of
water, gas, electricity, sewerage and telephone and other services to the lot
on, over, or under the lands appropriated or set apart for those purposes
respectively on the subdivision plan submitted to the competent authority
relating to the estate, as may be necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of
the lot and of any building or part of a building at any time thereon.

(2) All ancillary rights and obligations reasonably necessary to make the
easements referred to in subsection (1A) effective shall be implied.

(3) In respect of all the easements implied by this section, there shall also
be implied a covenant binding all registered proprietors enjoying the benefit
of such easements to contribute to the cost of maintenance or repair of the
subject of the easements as if the easements and the covenant to contribute
had been created by an instrument registered under this Act and so long as
such easements subsist the covenant to contribute shall bind any successor in
title enjoying the benefit of the easements except that in the case of the
right to erect and maintain party walls, the implied covenant provided in this
subsection shall bind only the registered proprietors of the lots on which
party walls have been erected.

...

(7) The easements implied by this section shall not apply to the lots in an
estate where subdivision approval was given by the competent authority prior
to 1st March 1994 and satisfactory documentary evidence has been produced to
the Registrar of the completion of the transfer of any lot in the estate to a
purchaser with easements expressly created in an instrument which has been
executed and delivered to the purchaser.

(8) In this section —

“estate” means any land which has been subdivided into lots under the Planning
Act (Cap. 232), and includes —

(_a_)land intended for use as easements to be made appurtenant to other lots
within the same estate as shown in the subdivision plan submitted to the
competent authority; and

(_b_)undeveloped lots, if any, which are shown in the first subdivision plan
submitted to the competent authority, each of which is capable of being
subdivided as shown in one or more subsequent subdivision plans as and when
submitted to or issued by the competent authority;

“lot” means a parcel of land forming part of an estate to which the Chief
Surveyor has allotted a Government survey lot number and also described as a
“plot” in a subdivision plan submitted to the competent authority.

7 The defendants contended that the plaintiff had not proven that the water
egress was from the party wall seeing that there was no water damage on the
defendants’ side of the party wall. The defendants disagreed with the
plaintiff’s reading of s 99, and consequently rejected the allegation of an
implied easement for party wall purposes in the nature contended by the
plaintiff. To the defendants, the leaks in No 4 were possibly due to
alterations and/or renovations to the third storey of No 4 rather than caused
by a defect in the party wall.

8 On 5 March 2013, counsel for the defendants, Mr Bernard Sahagar (“Mr
Sahagar”), informed the court that the defendants would grant access to a
registered building surveyor and/or engineer, if one was engaged by the
plaintiff, to identify the problem and to propose a permanent solution. The
defendants’ offer was rejected by the plaintiff, a lawyer who represented
himself in OS 92.

9 On 12 May 2013, I dismissed OS 92. The plaintiff has appealed against my
decision.

Events leading to OS 92

10 The plaintiff experienced leaks in his home in March 2012. On or before 14
March 2012, the plaintiff’s wife explained the problem to the first defendant
and requested access to investigate the leaks and carry out repairs to the
party wall and/or extended side wall. The first defendant, however, wanted the
plaintiff to write to him.

11 On 14 March 2012, the plaintiff wrote to the first defendant. He sought
permission for his contractor to enter No 2 and carry out repair works “to the
external façade of the boundary wall”.[note: 2] The first defendant indicated
willingness to grant permission but it was conditional upon the plaintiff and
his contractor providing the first defendant with an undertaking to repair any
damage caused to the roof of No 2, and a banker’s guarantee of $5,000 to
secure this undertaking. The first defendant’s conditions were precautionary,
having had a bad experience with leaks in his roof caused by the previous
owner of No 4.[note: 3]

12 On 19 March 2012, the plaintiff replied under the letterhead of his own law
firm rejecting the conditions imposed by the first defendant. At the same
time, his law firm issued a formal demand for access to No 2. The plaintiff
threatened to commence legal proceedings if no favourable response was
forthcoming. The defendants did not reply. No proceedings were commenced
immediately after the expiry of the plaintiff’s deadline.

13 Following this legal demand were some unsuccessful attempts by the
plaintiff and his wife to negotiate for access to the defendants’ premises. On
22 November 2012, the plaintiff again wrote to the first defendant to request
permission to access No 2. When he received no reply, the plaintiff commenced
proceedings in the Subordinate Courts.

14 On 25 January 2013, the plaintiff wrote to the first defendant, offering to
provide a written undertaking similar to the one set out in the publication
“Be Good Neighbours” by the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) and the
Building & Construction Authority (“BCA”).[note: 4] The sample undertaking
read as follows:[note: 5]

We, the Owner and Building of construction works at [address], would like to
seek your consent to allow access to your land for the following reasons:

…

We will take the necessary precautionary measures to prevent any damage to
your property and we undertake to rectify any damage caused to your property
in the course of these works as indicated above. Thank you.

15 On 29 January 2012, the defendants’ solicitors wrote on behalf of their
clients, asking the plaintiff to obtain a registered building engineer’s
report on the cause and solution to the leaks before the defendants would
consider a “suitably worded letter of undertaking as suggested on URA/BCA
website”.[note: 6]

16 The proceedings in the Subordinate Courts were withdrawn after the
plaintiff realised that the Subordinate Courts lacked jurisdiction as the
subject matter property was over $250,000. On 30 January 2013, the plaintiff
commenced OS 92.

Decision

Registered party wall easements

17 Reference is made to the instruments of transfer of No 2 and No 4 dated 2
August 1974 and 11 November 1974 respectively (“the 1974 Transfer
Instruments”). The 1974 Transfer Instruments were registered on 18 September
1974 and 13 January 1975 respectively with the following express easements
created over both No 2 and No 4 (“the Registered Easements”):[note: 7]

…the free right to use the wall/s erected on the boundary between Lot 5179 and
Lot 5180 of Mukim XVIII comprised in Volume 131 Folio 24 and Volume 131 Folio
25 of the land-register respectively as a _party wall_ reserving unto the
Transferor a similar party wall right as foresaid…

(emphasis added)

18 The plaintiff stated in his affidavit that “[t]he Certificates of Title of
[No 2 and No 4] are encumbered with an easement for party wall rights over
whole of MK18-5179M MK18-5180L”[note: 8] (_ie_ , the Registered Easements). He
went on to contend that these rights created “cross easements to both No 2 and
No 4 over party wall rights”.[note: 9] Notably, the plaintiff stopped short of
developing this discrete point to the facts of this case. I did not find this
surprising as the plaintiff must have realised that the party wall easements
created by the execution of the 1974 Transfer Instruments that were
subsequently registered did not go beyond what was permitted by the easements.
Plainly, the Registered Easements are sufficiently defined to afford
assistance in disposing OS 92. For the reasons explained below, the fact that
the Registered Easements were registered before 1 March 1994 has an important
bearing on the relevance and operation of s 99 of the LTA in relation to the
facts of this case.

19 The party wall easements of support in the 1974 Transfer Instruments were
created by the execution of the aforesaid transfers and then registered and
noted on the Certificates of Title of No 2 and No 4. The relevant portion of
section 88 of the Land Titles Act (Cap 276, 1970 Rev Ed) (the predecessor to s
104 of the LTA) which applied to the 1974 Transfer Instruments reads:

(1) In this section, “conveyance” has the same meaning as it has in section 2
of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, and it includes instruments of
transfer taking effect under this Act.

(2) Where in a conveyance of land made by a person entitled to convey or to
create easements in respect of a wall built on the common boundary of that
land and adjoining land so that the boundary passes longitudinally through the
wall (whether centrally or otherwise), the wall is described as a “party
wall”, that expression means (unless a contrary intention appears) a wall
severed vertically and longitudinally with separate ownership of the severed
portions, and with _cross easements entitling each of the persons entitled to
a portion to have the whole wall continue in such a manner that each building
supported thereby will have the support of the whole wall_ , and the
conveyance operates to create such easements accordingly.

…

(6) The words “party wall” shall not be noted on a folio unless—

(a) cross easements have been created pursuant to subsection (2) of this
section; and

(b) the words have already been noted, or are about to be noted, on any folio
in existence for the adjoining land affected by the cross easements.

(emphasis added)

20 The italicised words of s 88(2) of the L and Titles Act (Cap 276, 1970 Rev
Ed) delineated the scope of the Registered Easements. In this respect, I
agreed with the defendants that the Registered Easements were only concerned
with cross easements of support. The Malaysian case of _K Mahunaran v Osmond
Chiang Siang Kuan_ [1996] 5 MLJ 293 illustrates the scope of an easement of
support. The defendant there was held to have committed an act of trespass by
demolishing the original party wall and building an extended new party wall
without the consent of his neighbour.

21 In this case, the plaintiff was erroneously seeking to go beyond what was
authorised by the cross easements of support to confer a right to enter No 2
to inspect the party wall on the side of No 2 or to carry out repairs from No
2 without the consent of the defendants.

22 As alluded to in [18], the fact that the Registered Easements were
previously registered before 1 March 1994 is significant. Easements under s
99(1A) are implied in an “estate” defined in s 99(8). Section 99(7) of the LTA
excludes the operation of s 99(1A) if (a) subdivision approval was given
_prior_ to 1 March 1994 (the date that the LTA first came into force), and (b)
satisfactory documentary evidence has been produced to the Registrar of Titles
of “the completion of the transfer of any lot in the estate to a purchaser
with easements expressly created in an instrument which has been executed and
delivered to the purchaser”. It cannot be disputed that both requirements have
been satisfied.

23 From the copies of the 1974 Transfer Instruments exhibited in the
plaintiff’s affidavit filed in the Subordinate Courts, No 2 and No 4 together
with other houses in the Thomson Green were developed by United Overseas
Land.[note: 10] The housing estate where No 2 and No 4 were located was known
as Thomson Hills. It is apparent that the land comprised in the Thomson Hills
estate was subdivided into lots in the 1970s. The defendants exhibited a
resurvey sheet that suggested that subdivision of the land comprising the
Thomson Hills estate occurred in 1974.[note: 11] Furthermore, according to the
land title search provided by the plaintiff, No 4 has a lot number, lot area,
certified plan number that was approved on 27 February 1975 and then filed in
the Chief Surveyor’s Office.[note: 12] It is thus clear from the documentary
evidence that the approval for subdivision of the land comprised in the
Thomson Hills estate was given well _before_ 1 March 1994. The 1974 Transfer
Instruments also evidenced the completion of the transfer of No 2 and No 4 to
the respective purchasers (_ie_ the predecessors-in-title of No 2 and No 4)
with easements of support expressly created in the 1974 Transfer Instruments
which were executed, delivered and registered in favour of them. Consequently,
it follows that by virtue of s 99(7), the easements implied pursuant to s 99
of the LTA do not apply to properties (like No 2 and No 4) in the Thomson
Hills estate.

24 For these reasons, the plaintiff’s application in OS 92 was patently
misconceived.

Section 99 of the LTA

25 Notwithstanding the fact that the conclusions reached above necessarily
resolved OS 92 in favour of the defendants, since both sides submitted
extensively on easements implied pursuant to s 99(1A) of the LTA, I propose to
comment on their arguments for completeness.

Two threshold requirements

26 The plaintiff argued that “[e]ven without the benefit of the express
covenants of easements granted to both properties in respect of party wall
rights”,[note: 13] the statutorily implied easements in s 99(1A) of the LTA
allowed the plaintiff to access the defendants’ property for the purposes of
inspecting the party wall and to carry out necessary repairs thereto as this
was necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of No 4. However, this argument
glossed over two threshold requirements, both of which were important to the
question of whether s 99 of the LTA was correctly invoked.

27 The first gloss overlooked the effect of s 99(7) of the LTA to the facts of
this case. As I have already ruled in [22] above, the approval for subdivision
of the land comprised in the Thomson Hills estate was given _prior_ to 1 March
1994, and the party wall easements were created in the 1974 Transfer
Instruments which were registered. Accordingly, s 99(7) precludes the
operation of any easements implied under s 99(1A).

28 The second gloss was the flawed assumption that s 99(1A) automatically
entitles the plaintiff to an implied easement of the nature claimed _as a
matter of law_. Section 99(1A) provides for a broad category of implied
easements because the provision contemplates that the specific easements would
be indicated in the manner “appropriated or set apart” on the plan of
subdivision submitted to the competent authority. This point is clear from the
Report of the Select Committee on the Land Titles Bill (Parl 3 of 1993)
presented to Parliament on 18 August 1993 at [24]-[25]:

24\. A representor expressed some concern over the lack of description of the
type of easements that are to be implied under clause 99 as well as the lack
of description of the servient lots. Another representor suggested that the
easements to be implied should be set out within clause 99 instead of being
set out in a legend endorsed on the approved plan for subdivision. ...

25\. The Committee sees some merit in the latter approach. It is however not
feasible to imply a common set of easements for all developments. The
Committee therefore recommends that clause 99 describe the common easements
_and these will be implied where indicated in the approved subdivision plans_.

(emphasis added)

29 At the risk of repetition, the subdivision approval in this case was well
before 1 March 1994. However, assuming, for the sake of argument, that this
case concerned lots in an estate where the subdivision approval was given on
or after 1 March 1994, in my view, the subdivision plan must be tendered in
evidence if there is to be any reliance on an easement that is “appropriated
or set apart” on the subdivision plan to support a contention that the scope
and right conferred by the easements enumerated as implied under s 99(1A) is
beyond what are typically authorised by them.

Scope of easements in s 99(1A) of the LTA

30 This leads me to the main dispute, that is, whether s 99 implied, in
respect of No 4, an easement to access or to enter the defendants’ property
for the purposes of inspecting the party wall from the side of No 2 and to
carry out necessary repairs thereto. Notably, the complaint is not related to
an easement of support in respect of a “party wall”. The plaintiff argued that
s 99(1A) of the LTA was stated in wide and general terms that would allow him,
as the owner of the dominant tenement, to access the servient tenement to
inspect the party wall for the source of the water egress into No 4 and to
carry out repairs and precautionary maintenance works to the party wall. It is
worth bearing in mind that the plaintiff conceded during the hearing that s
99(1A) of the LTA did not imply any easements in respect of the extended side
wall (see [4] above).

31 The defendants’ counter arguments were that not only was the plaintiff
himself unable to articulate the full nature or extent of the easement
claimed, any party wall rights that the plaintiff had were merely rights of
support and nothing more.

32 I start with the phrase “for party wall purposes” within the context of s
99. The meaning of “party wall” varies according to the context in which it is
used. To this end, s 99(3) of the LTA (see [6] above) envisages that the
easement “for party wall purposes” concerns the right to “erect and maintain
party walls”. Section 99(3) of the LTA further obliges the owners of the lots
on which the party wall is erected to contribute to the cost of maintaining
the portion of the wall not owned by him. This statutory provision reflects
the common law position relating to easements of support: that neither party
can pull down his side of the wall at will and that both parties need to
repair or maintain the wall for support. As stated, the present case is not
concerned with the right of support and has nothing to do with ensuring that
the support continues. Nothing in the phrase for “party wall purposes” by
itself confers by implication under s 99(1A) a right of way over the
defendants’ land for, _inter alia_ , the purpose of inspecting the defendants’
side of the party wall to determine the source of the leaks in No 4.

33 This brings me to the next phrase relied on by the plaintiff, _viz_. “as
may be necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of the lot”. The plaintiff
argued that this phrase in s 99(1A) extended the scope of the party wall
rights to include the right to enter his neighbour’s property to inspect the
party wall. This contention is decidedly untenable and without merit. In
_Boglari v Steiner School & Kindergarten_ [2007] VSCA 58 (“ _Boglari_ ”), the
Supreme Court of Victoria Court of Appeal had the opportunity to consider the
meaning of the same phrase in Section 98 of the Transfer of Land Act 1958
(Victoria), a provision which is almost identical to s 99 of the LTA. The
relevant part of Section 98 of the Transfer of Land Act 1958 (Victoria) reads:

**98\. Easements arising from plan of subdivision**

The proprietor of an allotment of land shown on an approved plan of
subdivision or a lot shown on a registered plan shall be entitled to the
benefit of the following easements which shall be and shall be deemed at all
times to have been appurtenant to the allotment or the lot, namely-

(a) all such easements of way and drainage and for party wall purposes and for
the supply of water gas electricity sewerage and telephone and other services
to the allotment or the lot on over or under the lands appropriated or set
apart for those purposes respectively on the plan of subdivision _as may be
necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of the allotment or the lot_ and of any
building or part of a building at any time thereon...

(b) ...

in all respects as if all such easements had been expressly granted.

(emphasis added)

34 The issue in _Boglari_ was whether the construction of a fence and a gate
and the occasional locking of the gate constituted an unreasonable
interference with an easement of way implied by Section 98 of the Transfer of
Land Act 1958 (Victoria). Neave J held (at [30]) that the phrase “as may be
necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of the allotment or the lot” in
relation to an implied easement of way had a similar effect to the test which
applied in determining what amounted to reasonable access where an easement of
way created by an express grant did not indicate an access or conclusion point
for the easement. It is therefore apparent that the phrase serves a rather
limited purpose of determining how the implied easements were to be exercised
in light of the circumstances. Contrary to the plaintiff’s argument, this
phrase cannot be used to confer a right to enter No 2 “for party wall
purposes”. If anything, in a proper case, the relevant provision is s 99 (2),
which provides that ancillary rights and obligations reasonably necessary to
make the easements for party wall purposes effective shall be implied.

Comparison with s 98 of the LTA

35 A comparison with the provisions of s 98 of the LTA with s 99 is
beneficial. In _Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 549 v Chew Eu Hock
Construction Co Pte Ltd_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 934, the Court of Appeal held at [27]
and [39] that the court should have regard to s 98 of the LTA when construing
the provisions of s 99 of the LTA since there is a considerable amount of
overlap between the two sections. The relevant portions of s 98 of the LTA are
set out below:

**Implied easements for passage of water, electricity, drainage, gas and
sewerage for development**

(1) There shall be implied in respect of each lot of land which forms part of
the same development (referred to hereinafter as the lot) —

(a) in favour of the proprietor of the lot, and as appurtenant thereto,
easements for the passage or provision of water, electricity, drainage, gas
and sewerage through or by means of any sewers, pipes, wires, cables or ducts
to the extent to which those sewers, pipes, wires, cables or ducts are capable
of being used in connection with the enjoyment of the lot;

_(b_) as against the proprietor of the lot, and to which the lot shall be
subject, easements for the passage or provision of water, electricity,
drainage, gas and sewerage through or by means of any sewers, pipes, wires,
cables or ducts, as appurtenant to every other lot capable of enjoying such
easements.

_(2) All ancillary rights and obligations reasonably necessary to make the
easements referred to in subsection (1) effective shall be implied._

(3) _The easements implied by this section entitle the proprietor of the
dominant tenement to enter on the servient tenement at all reasonable times to
repair, renew or restore any sewers, pipes, cables, wires or ducts as shall
appear necessary but the proprietor of the dominant tenement shall make good
any damage caused to the servient tenement._

...

(emphasis added)

36 I have two comments to make on s 98 of the LTA. First, like s 99(2) of the
LTA, s 98(2) also implies certain ancillary rights and obligations. Second, it
is clear that the ancillary rights in s 98(2) of the LTA _do not_ include
rights of access since s 98(3) of the LTA already expressly states that the
easements implied under s 98 of the LTA confer limited rights on the owner of
the dominant tenement to enter the servient tenement. In my view, given the
similarity of the ancillary rights and obligations provisions in both s 98(2)
and s 99(2) of the LTA, Parliament clearly could not have intended the
ancillary rights implied under s 99(2) of the LTA to include rights of access
and entry. Any interference with the servient tenement proprietor’s _prima
facie_ right to exclusive use of his property by way of rights of entry would
have been expressly provided for, as was the case in s 98 of the LTA.

Comparison with LTSA provisions on implied easements

37 The Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the LTSA”), which
deals with implied easements in a strata title property further reinforces
this. The relevant provisions of the LTSA read as follows:

**Easement of support**

16(1) In respect of each lot there shall be implied —

(_a_) in favour of the subsidiary proprietor of the lot, and as appurtenant
thereto, an easement for the subjacent and lateral support thereof by the
common property and by every lot capable of affording support; and

(_b_) as against the subsidiary proprietor of the lot, and to which the lot
shall be subject, an easement for the subjacent and lateral support of the
common property and to every other lot capable of enjoying support.

(2) _The easement of support created by this section entitles the subsidiary
proprietor of the dominant tenement to enter on the servient tenement to
replace, renew or restore any support._

**Easement of shelter**

17(1) Every subsidiary proprietor is entitled to have his lot sheltered by all
other parts of the subdivided building that are capable of affording shelter.

(2) The right created by this section is an easement to which the aforesaid
parts of the subdivided building are subject.

(3) _The easement of shelter created by this section entitles the subsidiary
proprietor of the dominant tenement to enter on the servient tenement to
replace, renew or restore any shelter._

...

**Ancillary rights**

20\. All ancillary rights and obligations reasonably necessary to make
easements effective shall be implied whenever easements are created or implied
by and under this Act.

(emphasis added)

38 As was the case with s 98 of the LTA, Parliament thought it necessary here
to expressly include rights of entry to the servient tenement in the implied
easements of support and shelter in s 16 and 17 of the LTSA, notwithstanding
the implied ancillary rights and obligations in s 20 of the LTSA.

39 In light of the above, I rejected the plaintiff’s argument that the implied
easement “for party wall purposes” in s 99 of the LTA confers a right to enter
the defendants’ property.

Reference to English Legislation

40 For the sake of completeness, I should add that the plaintiff made several
reference to legislation in the England such as the Access to Neighbouring
Land Act 1992 and the Party Wall etc. Act 1996. These English statutory
provisions entitle an applicant, in certain circumstances, to seek an English
court order compelling the applicant’s neighbour to grant access to his
property in order to, amongst other things, allow the applicant to carry out
repairs to the applicant’s property or a party wall. However, the plaintiff
was not suggesting that these English statutory provisions somehow applied in
Singapore in the absence of statutory enactment by Parliament. In fact, as the
plaintiff himself conceded, _“[t]here are no similar provision (sic) in
Singapore that set out the procedure for applying for an access order_
”.[note: 14] The English provisions referred to by the plaintiff merely
underscored the recognition by the English legislature that there was a lacuna
in this area of English land law that could only be properly addressed by
detailed statutory enactment and not the courts. While Parliament might wish
to consider if similar legislation should be enacted in Singapore, this will
be of little comfort to the plaintiff in his present case.

Result

41 For these reasons, I dismissed the plaintiff’s application in OS 92 with
costs fixed at $2,000, inclusive of disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s Affidavit dated 30.1.13 at [6]

[note: 2]Plaintiff’s Affidavit dated 30.1.13 at [9] & p 18.

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s Affidavit dated 30.1.13 at [9] & p19.

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s Affidavit dated 30.1.13 at [14].

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s Affidavit dated 30.1.13 at p28.

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s Affidavit dated 30.1.13 at p30.

[note: 7]First defendant’s Affidavit dated 20.2.13, pp 22 & 25.

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s Affidavit dated 30.1.13 at pp 12 & 15.

[note: 9]Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 1.3.13 at [4]; Plaintiff’s
Affidavit dated 30.1.13 at [3].

[note: 10]First defendant’s Affidavit dated 20.2.13, pp 22 & 25.

[note: 11]First defendant’s Affidavit dated 20.2.13 at p 44.

[note: 12]Plaintiff’s Affidavit dated 30.1.13 at p 8.

[note: 13]Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 1.3.13 at [5].

[note: 14]Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 1.3.13 at [11].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Aug 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

