Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  HKL Group Co Ltd _v_ Rizq International Holdings Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHCR 5

Case Number| :| Suit No 972 of 2012/P (Summons No 6427 of 2012/J and Summons
No 70 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 February 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Jordan Tan AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kendall Tan and Daniel Liang (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
plaintiff; Hussainar Bin K Abdul Aziz (H.A. & Chung Partnership) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  HKL Group Co Ltd — Rizq International Holdings Pte Ltd  
  
19 February 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Jordan Tan AR:

Introduction

1 The defendant, Rizq International Holdings Pte Ltd (“Rizq Singapore”),
applied by way of Summons No 6427 of 2012 for court proceedings to be stayed
in favour of arbitration on the basis of an arbitration clause which was
ostensibly defective, or more pejoratively put, pathological. That clause
reads (verbatim) as follows:

Any dispute shall be settled by amicable negotiation between two Parties. In
case both Parties fail to reach amicable agreement, all dispute out of in
connection with the contract shall be settled by the Arbitration Committee at
Singapore under the rules of The International Chamber of Commerce of which
awards shall be final and binding both parties. Arbitration fee and other
related charge shall be borne by the losing Party unless otherwise agreed.

2 This clause was drafted without legal assistance and it was common ground
between the parties that there was no entity in Singapore named the
“Arbitration Committee”.

3 The plaintiff, HKL Group Co Ltd (“HKL”), resisted the application on the
ground that the arbitration clause was inoperable on account of this defect.
The plaintiff also argued, as the main plank of its response, that there was,
in any event, no dispute within the meaning of the arbitration clause. In the
circumstances, because Rizq Singapore had not filed its defence, HKL filed
Summons 70 of 2013 seeking default judgment.

Background

4 HKL entered into an agreement dated 28 September 2011 (“the Agreement”) with
Rizq Singapore for the sale of sand which was to be shipped from Cambodia to
Singapore. Rizq Singapore would then sell the sand to Samsung C & T
Corporation (“Samsung”). Article 3 of the Agreement provided that HKL was to
“follow back to back conditions from [Rizq Singapore’s principal, _ie_
Samsung] with every payment direct TT by [Rizq Singapore] to [HKL] immediately
upon receipt of payment from [Samsung]”. Therefore, Rizq Singapore was to pay
HKL immediately once it had received payment from Samsung.

5 Because no time period was specified apart from the use of the word
“immediately”, the parties agreed in a joint letter dated 15 May 2012 that
Rizq Singapore would pay HKL within 24 hours of receipt of Samsung’s payment.
HKL also sought and obtained notification from Samsung as to when it had made
payment.

6 The focus of HKL’s claim in the present proceedings is on seven invoices,
specifically, invoice number 2012-030, 2012-031, 2012-033, 2012-035, 2012-055,
2012-057, 2012-059 (referred to respectively as the first to seventh
invoices). The first to fourth invoices pertained to shipments made in March
2012, the fifth, to May 2012, and the sixth and seventh, to June 2012. For the
first to fourth invoices, HKL agreed for payment to be deferred, subject to
conditions, so that Rizq Singapore would only have to pay HKL upon the
conclusion of its arrangement with Samsung. For the fifth to seventh invoices,
Rizq Singapore only made part payment.

7 To add a wrinkle to the facts, although Rizq Singapore had entered into the
Agreement with HKL, it was common ground that it was Rizq International
Holdings Ltd (“Rizq BVI”), a company registered in the British Virgin Islands,
but operating out of the same address as Rizq Singapore, which entered into
the separate agreement with Samsung. Rizq Singapore and Rizq BVI belong to the
same group of companies.

8 HKL thus brought the present suit to recover that which it was owed under
the first to seventh invoices and Rizq Singapore resisted, arguing that the
matter should be stayed in favour of arbitration.

Parties’ submissions

9 Rizq Singapore submitted that although the arbitration clause was defective,
it was clear that the parties’ intention was to arbitrate and that the court
should rely on the principle of effective interpretation to find that parties
could still agree to arbitrate the matter in Singapore, for instance, by
referring the matter to the Singapore International Arbitration Centre
(“SIAC”) for ad-hoc arbitration and agreeing that the International Chamber of
Commerce (“ICC”) rules are to apply.

10 As for the existence of a dispute, Rizq Singapore disputed the quantum on
the ground that the parties had agreed by way of a letter dated 24 April 2012
(“the 24 April letter”), signed by the parties, that not only should payment
be on a back to back basis but the liabilities as well meaning that if Samsung
refuses to pay for the remaining invoices, Rizq Singapore could refuse to pay
HKL as well. Accordingly, because Samsung was seeking to make deductions for
various items such as demurrage claims, Rizq Singapore was entitled to
withhold from HKL payment of the remaining sum.

11 In response, HKL argued that the arbitration clause was so defective as to
be inoperable because it refers to a non-existent entity. HKL also argued that
even if the arbitration clause was not inoperable, there was no “dispute”
within the meaning of that clause to refer to arbitration. HKL pointed out
that Rizq Singapore had never denied liability and that its only basis for
disputing the quantum was unsustainable. The 24 April letter clearly stated
that the variation of the Agreement for liabilities to be on a back to back
basis as well was “subject to contract”. HKL further argued that even if
liabilities were on a back to back basis, Samsung had already paid Rizq
Singapore where the seven invoices were concerned.

My decision

Whether the arbitration clause was so defective as to be inoperable

12 In the majority of cases where an arbitration clause, whether independently
or as part of a contract, meets the contractual requirements for validity and
where the meaning of that clause may be discerned by the court applying the
general principles of contractual interpretation, the party seeking to rely on
that clause will simply need to persuade the court that the conditions
stipulated in that clause have been satisfied in order to succeed. But, in a
case where the arbitration clause, although contractually valid, is defective
and by this I mean that after applying the general principles of contractual
interpretation, or after rectification as the case may be, the court is unable
to discern the meaning of that clause either in part or entirely, that clause
is said to be pathological. There is no magic in that term. It merely
describes the clause as one which is defective (see _Insigma Technology Co Ltd
v Alstom Technology Ltd_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 936 (“ _Insigma_ ”) at [37]). Whether
that clause may or may not be upheld depends on the nature and extent of its
pathology.

13 When faced with a pathological arbitration clause, the court generally
seeks to give effect to that clause, preferring an interpretation which does
so over one which does not. As the Court of Appeal in _Insigma_ stated (at
[31]):

[W]here the parties have evinced a clear intention to settle any dispute by
arbitration, the court should give effect to such intention, even if certain
aspects of the agreement may be ambiguous, inconsistent, incomplete or lacking
in certain particulars ... so long as the arbitration can be carried out
without prejudice to the rights of either party and so long as giving effect
to such intention does not result in an arbitration that is not within the
contemplation of either party. ...

14 The court went on to observe that this approach is similar to the principle
of effective interpretation in international arbitration law which provides
that where a clause may be interpreted in different ways, the interpretation
which enables the clause to be effective should be adopted in preference to
the others which lead to contrary effect.

15 Beyond these statements, it is difficult to state with greater specificity
the approach the court will take to pathological clauses. This is so as the
diversity of pathological arbitration clauses, from the slightly ambiguous to
the wholly incomprehensible, is limited only by the vocabulary and imagination
of the parties. Hence, the court will have to decide on a case by case basis
whether such clauses may be upheld, keeping in mind the overarching principle
of effective interpretation. In other words, while the broad aim is to keep
the clause alive, the treatment which will be administered will differ
depending on the diagnosis, as will the result.

16 Nonetheless, it will be beneficial to characterise and compare pathologies
to ensure consistency of treatment by the courts so that like pathologies are
treated in like manner. In this way, judicial decisions on the fate of
pathological clauses will tend towards predictable outcomes, lending some
certainty to the uncertain circumstances in which parties have found
themselves and mitigating the increased transactional cost incurred in
resolving the pathology.

17 On this point, the nature and extent of the pathology may be ascertained by
assessing the pathological clause in terms of its deviation from the essential
elements of an arbitration clause as stated by Frédéric Eisemann, who coined
the term “pathological clauses” or “clauses pathologiques”, in “La clause
d’arbitrage pathologique” in _Commercial Arbitration Essays in Memoriam
Eugenio Minoli_ (Torino: Unione Tipografico-editrice Torinese, 1974).
Eisemann’s essential elements are as follows (translated into English from the
original French in Benjamin G Davis, “Pathological Clauses: Frédéric
Eisemann’s Still Vital Criteria” (1991) 7 Arb Int 365):

(1)The first, which is common to all agreements, is to produce mandatory
consequences for the parties,

(2)The second, is to exclude the intervention of state courts in the
settlement of the disputes, at least before the issuance of the award,

(3)The third, is to give powers to the arbitrators to resolve the disputes
likely to arise between the parties,

(4)The fourth, is to permit the putting in place of a procedure leading under
the best conditions of efficiency and rapidity to the rendering of an award
that is susceptible of judicial enforcement.

18 These elements are not comprehensive; they are not intended to be. Instead,
they should be viewed as part of a framework for assessing the nature and
extent of the pathology and as widely accepted as Eisemann’s essential
elements are in international arbitration law, they are a useful basis for
comparison of the treatment of the various pathologies in the different
jurisdictions. The elements may be explained thus. The first essential
element, namely, to produce mandatory consequences, simply refers to the need
for a clause to state _definitively_ the consequences upon the occurrence of a
particular event, for instance, that should a dispute arise, it _shall_ (as
opposed to _may_) be referred to arbitration so parties are not left uncertain
as to the next step to take. The second essential element speaks to the
intrinsic nature of an arbitration clause to provide a means of dispute
resolution apart from court proceedings. The third essential element is
necessary to produce a final and binding award so as to dispose of the dispute
between the parties. The fourth essential element is a broader, in a sense a
catch-all element, which reflects the rationale that underpins arbitration as
an alternative mode of dispute resolution, namely, the resolution of disputes
more efficiently and speedily as compared to litigation and yet affording
parties the advantages of judicial enforcement.

19 In the present case, the defect in the arbitration clause is the reference
to a non-existent “Arbitral Committee at Singapore”, which, when considered
against the framework of Eisemann’s essential elements, is a deviation from
the fourth element as it leads to inefficiency and slows down the arbitral
process as parties are bogged down by the dispute over the preliminary
question of the mode of dispute resolution instead of moving on to resolve the
substantive dispute.

20 Various courts, in facing a similar problem of uncertainty of the arbitral
institution, have generally been able to give effect to clauses which are a
long way from certain (see _Redfern and Hunter on International Arbitration_
(Oxford: Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 2009) at para 2.179). For instance,
a Stuttgart court read a clause referring disputes “without resource [_sic_]
to the ordinary court to Stockholm, Sweden” to refer to a Stockholm Chamber of
Commerce arbitration (see OLG Stuttgart [2006] OLG Report Stuttgart 685). An
Oldenburg court read a reference to “the International Court of Arbitration
(_Internationales Schiedsgericht_) in Austria” to refer to the international
arbitration centre of the Austrian Federal Economic Chamber (see OLG Oldenburg
[2006] Schieds VZ 223).

21 It seems that generally an incorrect reference to the arbitral institution
has not prevented the courts from referring the matter to arbitration. The
following observations in Julian D M Lew QC, Loukas A Mistelis & Stefan M
Kröll, _Comparative International Commercial Arbitration_ (Kluwer Law
International, 2003) (“ _Comparative International Commercial Arbitration_ ”)
at para 7-75 are apposite:

A typical defect is the incorrect reference to the institution under the rules
of which an arbitration should take place. There have been references to the
“Official Chamber of commerce in Paris”, the “Arbitration Court at the Swiss
Chamber for Foreign Trade in Geneva” or “International trade arbitration
organization in Zurich.” While these clauses refer to non existing
institutions they show clearly that the parties intended to submit their
disputes to arbitration. For this reason courts and tribunals are reluctant to
consider these clauses void for uncertainty. In general the reference to a
particular city, the type of dispute or industry sector involved have allowed
the courts to identify the chosen institution. Only in exceptional cases where
it was not possible to ascertain which institutional rules should govern the
arbitration have tribunals found such agreements invalid.

22 The judicial inclination to uphold an arbitration clause the wording of
which, despite its defects, demonstrates that parties intended to refer their
dispute to arbitration, is epitomised in the High Court of Hong Kong decision
in _Lucky-Goldstar v Ng Moo Kee Engineering_ [1993] 1 HKC 404 (“ _Lucky-
Goldstar_ ”). In that case, the court was faced with an arbitration clause
which reads as follows:

Any dispute or difference arising out of or relating to this contract or the
breach thereof which cannot be settled amicably without undue delay by the
interested parties shall be arbitrated in the third country under the rules of
the third country and in accordance with the rules of procedure of the
International Commercial Arbitration Association.

23 It was common ground that the “International Commercial Arbitration
Association” was a non-existent organisation and that the “third country”
meant any country other than Hong Kong. There was thus uncertainty as to the
arbitral institution _and_ the place of arbitration. The court nonetheless
upheld the arbitration clause and stayed the proceedings in favour of
arbitration. In making this decision, the court stated as follows (at 408):

I believe that the correct approach in this case is to satisfy myself that the
parties have clearly expressed the intention to arbitrate any dispute which
may arise under this contract. I am so satisfied. I am also satisfied that
they have chosen the law of the place of arbitration to govern the arbitration
even though that place has not yet been chosen by the plaintiffs. As to the
reference to the nonexistent arbitration institution and rules, I believe that
the correct approach is simply to ignore it. I can give no effect to it and I
reject all reference to it so as to be able to give effect to the clear
intention of the parties.

24 This has been described as an “extreme” case by the learned authors of
_Comparative International Commercial Arbitration_ at para 7-77. Although I
leave open the question, as it is not before this court, of whether the
Singapore courts will likewise uphold an arbitration clause where there is
uncertainty as to _both_ the arbitral institution and the place of
arbitration, it will suffice to note that the Singapore courts will,
consistent with the approach under international arbitration law, give primacy
to the decision of the parties to arbitrate and will seek to resolve the
various pathologies with the aid of the principle of effective interpretation.

25 In the present case, from a comparative point of view (which merits are
stated above at [16]), the pathology in the present arbitration clause is
closer to that in the Stuttgart and Oldenburg cases (referred to at [20]
above), as compared to _Lucky-Goldstar_ , in that although there is
uncertainty as to the arbitral institution, the place of arbitration is
certain.

26 Like the Stuttgart and Oldenburg cases, the arbitration clause with which
we are concerned provides for the place of arbitration, namely, Singapore,
although it also specifies a non-existent arbitral institution. To add a
wrinkle to the facts, the arbitration clause also makes reference to the ICC
rules. The ICC is headquartered in Paris, France and has National Committees
in various jurisdictions. The pathology would be easily overcome if there was
a National Committee in Singapore as the reference to the ICC rules would then
be strongly indicative of an ICC arbitration administered by the National
Committee. As observed in _Comparative International Commercial Arbitration_
at para 7-76:

Arbitration agreements which refer to the International Chamber of Commerce in
some city are generally interpreted as referring to ICC arbitration with the
place of arbitration in the specified city. Difficulties can arise where the
clause uses an ambiguous title of the institution. Where there is a well known
local arbitration institution at the designated place and it is unclear which
institution has been selected, a court or tribunal may be able to resolve the
difficulty by the name of the institution’s rules.

But, there being no National Committee of the ICC to administer an ICC
arbitration in Singapore, the reference to the ICC rules does not aid the
court in applying the principle of effective interpretation. This also
precludes me from concluding that the arbitration clause was making specific
reference to the SIAC, despite the similarities in the term “Arbitration
Committee” referred to in the arbitration clause and the words “Arbitration
Centre” in “Singapore International Arbitration Centre” as well as the
reputation of the SIAC regionally (bearing in mind that this was a regional
contract made between a Cambodian company and a Singapore company), since the
SIAC does not ordinarily apply the ICC rules.

27 Nonetheless, in my view, the arbitration clause is operative and workable
for the following reasons. First, it clearly evinces the intention of the
parties to resolve any dispute by arbitration. Second, it provides for
mandatory consequences in that if a dispute arises, the matter has to be
referred to arbitration. Third, it states the place of the arbitration,
namely, Singapore. Fourth, it provides that the arbitration is to be governed
by a particular set of rules, namely, the ICC rules.

28 In the circumstances, although the arbitration clause is uncertain as
regards the arbitral institution, it would be open to the parties to approach
any arbitral institution in Singapore which would be able to administer the
arbitration, applying the ICC rules, to resolve their dispute. Of course, it
is by no means easy for any arbitral institution not established for the
purpose of conducting an ICC arbitration to do so given the unique rules and
structure of the institution needed to conduct an ICC arbitration. But, as the
Court of Appeal in _Insigma_ noted, the SIAC was able and willing, for that
particular case, to conduct a hybrid arbitration, applying the ICC rules.

29 In my view, the arbitration clause is workable and not “null and void,
inoperative or incapable of being performed” within the meaning of s 6(2) of
the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) if the
parties are able to secure the agreement of an arbitral institution in
Singapore, such as the SIAC, to conduct a hybrid arbitration, applying the ICC
rules. Accordingly, if the conditions of the arbitration clause are satisfied,
I will stay the matter on the condition that parties obtain such an agreement
from an arbitral institution in Singapore. After all, s 6(2) of the IAA
affords the court the power to impose any conditions and terms it thinks fit
when granting the stay.

30 In this regard, the defendant had in fact volunteered to explore this
option and although the plaintiff was, understandably, more resistant,
plaintiff’s counsel took the reasonable position that this was an option the
plaintiff was also willing to explore if the court upholds the clause and
finds that the conditions therein are satisfied.

31 It leaves me now to consider whether a dispute had arisen within the
meaning of the arbitration clause.

Whether a dispute had arisen within the meaning of the arbitration clause

32 The approach taken to determining whether a dispute had arisen was
comprehensively laid out by the Court of Appeal in _Tjong Very Sumito and
others v Antig Investments Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 (“ _Tjong Very Sumito_
”). For present purposes, it will suffice to note the following:

(a) The court will not consider whether there is “in fact” a dispute or
whether the dispute is genuine (see _Tjong Very Sumito_ at [49]);

(b) It is sufficient for a defendant to simply assert that he disputes or
denies the claim in order to obtain a stay of proceedings in favour of
arbitration (_Id_);

(c) Exceptionally, where there is a clear and unequivocal admission, for
instance where liability was admitted but there was simply an inability to
pay, the court will not grant a stay (_Id_ at [59]).

33 HKL has argued that Rizq Singapore had made part payment of the sum
claimed. In my view, if this were all, Rizq Singapore has unequivocally
admitted liability and its inability to pay the remaining sum does not raise a
dispute necessary for the granting of a stay. However, Rizq Singapore is not
merely resisting payment of the remainder sum because it cannot pay. Instead,
it argues that on the basis of the agreement encapsulated in the 24 April
letter, liabilities are back to back with the result that unless it is paid in
full by Samsung, it cannot pay the remainder sum. It is clear therefore that
Rizq Singapore’s resistance to the claim is not premised on an inability to
pay _per se_ but on the basis of the nature of the contractual relationship
between the parties which it said was modified by the 24 April letter.

34 I note that the 24 April letter does state that the back to back liability
terms are “subject to contract”. Indeed, these words do take the wind out of
Rizq Singapore’s sails. However, as unimpressed as I may be with the strength
of Rizq Singapore’s argument, I recognise that this is not my decision to
make. As the Court of Appeal in _Tjong Very Sumito_ has said, in assessing
whether to grant a stay in favour of arbitration, it is not the role of the
court to consider whether there is “in fact” a dispute or a genuine dispute.
That should be left to the arbitrator.

35 It being not within my purview to consider whether the 24 April letter
altered the contractual relationship between the parties to ground Rizq
Singapore’s argument that its payment to HKL is contingent on it receiving
payment from Samsung, it is also not necessary for me to consider whether
Samsung did in fact pay Rizq Singapore to trigger its obligation to pay HKL.

36 In my view, a dispute has arisen within the meaning of the arbitration
clause.

Conclusion

37 For the foregoing reasons, I will stay the proceedings, but, given the
defect in the arbitration clause, I impose the condition that parties obtain
the agreement of the SIAC or any other arbitral institution in Singapore to
conduct a hybrid arbitration applying the ICC rules, with liberty to apply
should they fail to secure any such agreement. I will hear parties on the
issue of the imposition of any other conditions.

38 I must emphasise that while my decision compels the parties to resolve the
matter by way of arbitration in the form of a hybrid arbitration applying the
ICC rules, as I am empowered to do so under the IAA and _giving effect to the
arbitration clause as it stands_ , it in no way impedes the parties from
resolving the matter in a more practical manner by now agreeing as between
themselves to simply submit the dispute to another form of arbitration, for
instance, a straightforward SIAC arbitration, as opposed to a hybrid
arbitration applying the ICC rules. Although this is admittedly rare (see D.
Mark Cato, _Arbitration Practice and Procedure: Interlocutory and Hearing
Problems_ (London, Hong Kong: LLP, 2002) at p 41), it is a practical solution
which avoids the procedural gymnastics of having the SIAC conduct a hybrid
arbitration by applying the ICC rules.

39 In the light of my decision to grant a stay, I dismiss HKL’s application to
enter default judgment.

40 I will hear the parties on the issue of costs for both applications.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Feb 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

