Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew _v_ Attorney-General  
[2013] SGCA 56

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 154 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The appellant in person; Aedit Abdullah S.C., Aurill Kam,
Jurena Chan, Jeremy Yeo Shenglong and Vanessa Yeo (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew — Attorney-General  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 1 SLR 619.]

31 October 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of a High Court Judge (“the Judge”)
given in Originating Summons No 657 of 2012 (“the OS”) where the Plaintiff, Mr
Kenneth Andrew Jeyaretnam (“the Appellant”), applied for judicial review to
challenge a decision of the Government of Singapore (“the Government”)
offering, through the instrumentality of the Monetary Authority of Singapore
(“MAS”), to grant a contingent US$4 billion bilateral loan (“Loan”) to the
International Monetary Fund (“the IMF”).

2 The Appellant is the Secretary-General of the Reform Party, one of the
political parties in Singapore. In his affidavit he introduced himself as an
economist by training and has had “almost 30 years of uninterrupted experience
in the global finance industry in both Asia and the United Kingdom with an
unblemished record of registration with the FSA”.[note: 1]

Background to the dispute

3 On 20 April 2012, the MAS announced that Singapore would make the Loan to
the IMF, as part of the broader international effort to provide the IMF with
sufficient resources to tackle the then on-going Eurozone financial crisis and
promote global economic and financial stability. It was to be a contingent
loan to the IMF (not to the countries which would be borrowing from the IMF)
and the sum would remain as part of Singapore’s Official Foreign Reserves
(“OFR”).

4 The Appellant claimed that the offer of the Loan contravened Article 144
(“Art 144”) of the Constitution of Singapore (“the Constitution”), as the Loan
required both Parliamentary and Presidential approval, which approvals the
Government had not obtained before agreeing to grant the Loan. This was the
crux of his complaint, _viz_ , that the Loan commitment was unconstitutional.
As such, he sought leave to apply for the follow prerogative orders and
declarations to be made against the Government:

1that leave be granted for the [Appellant] to make:-

aan application for a **Prohibiting Order** prohibiting the Government and/or
the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) from giving any loan and/or
guarantee to the International Monetary Fund (“IMF”) unless such loan was made
in accordance with the provisions of Article 144 of the Constitution (1999 Rev
Ed); and/or

ban application for a **Quashing Order** quashing the Government and/or the
MAS’ decision to make a US$ 4 billion loan commitment and/or guarantee to the
IMF for contravening the provisions of Article 144 of the Constitution; and/or

2that, further to leave being granted for either or both of the abovementioned
applications in [1a] and [1b], leave be granted for the [Appellant] to make:-

aan application for a **Declaration** that a loan and/or guarantee may neither
be raised nor given by the Government and/or the MAS save in accordance with
the provisions of Article 144 of the Constitution; and/or

ban application for a **Declaration** that a loan commitment and/or guarantee
may not be given by the Government and/or the MAS save in accordance with the
provisions of Article 144 of the Constitution.

[emphasis in original]

The decision below

5 It was undisputed before the Judge that the following three requirements had
to be satisfied before leave could be granted for the court to consider the
issue of one or both of the aforesaid prerogative orders:

(a) the subject matter of the complaint was susceptible to judicial review;

(b) the material before the court disclosed an arguable case or a _prima
facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought
by the applicant; and

(c) the applicant has sufficient interest in the matter.

6 As the parties did not dispute that the first requirement was satisfied, the
Judge only needed to consider the second and the third requirements which he
found were both not satisfied.

7 On the second requirement, the Judge held that Art 144 had no application to
the present case as the article only applied when a loan is _raised_ by the
Government, and not when the Government _gives_ out a loan. He premised this
construction on the following reasons:

(a) Art 144 was introduced by the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(Amendment No 3) Bill 1990 (Bill No 23/1990). In the Bill this proposed
Article read: “No debt, guarantee or loan shall be incurred, given or raised
by the Government …” In the Explanatory Statement to the Bill this provision
was explained “to provide that no loan, debt or guarantee may be raised,
incurred or given by the Government except with the concurrence…” It is
significant that while the sequence of the words “debt, guarantee or loan” was
altered in the Explanatory Statement, the sequence of the verbs that followed
also changed consequentially so that the word “debt”, was to be read with
“incurred”, “guarantee” with “given” and “loan” with “raised”. When this
provision was eventually enacted as Art 144 the words “debt” and “incurred”
were left out and the provision only read “No guarantee or loan shall be given
or raised”. Thus Art 144 could only mean that it applied to the giving of a
guarantee or the raising of a loan but not the giving of a loan.

(b) In 1998, when the Government was contemplating the giving of a loan to a
neighbouring country, the then Attorney-General Chan Sek Keong (“A-G Chan”)
gave an opinion that the giving of the proposed loan by the Government would
fall outside the ambit of Art 144. This opinion was later endorsed by
Parliament (see _Parliamentary Reports_ Vol 68 Cols 84-85). A-G Chan’s views
were also amply supported by both the 1988 White Paper Constitutional
Amendments to Safeguard Financial Assets and the Integrity of the Public
Services (Cmd 10 of 1988) (“the 1988 White Paper”) and the 1990 White Paper
Safeguarding Financial Assets and the Integrity of the Public Services (Cmd 11
of 1990) (“the 1990 White Paper”). Paragraph 42 of the 1990 White Paper, on
which the Bill was based, did not refer to the giving of loans. In addition,
Art 144(2) further reinforces the conclusion that Art 144(1) is not concerned
with the giving of loans, as it refers only to the “giving of any guarantee”
and the “raising of any loan”.

(c) Both s 15 of the Financial Procedure Act (Cap 109, 2012 Rev Ed) and s 9 of
the Bretton Woods Agreements Act (Cap 27, 2012 Rev Ed), the two statutes
referred to in Art 144(3), did not refer to the _giving_ of loans, only the
_raising_ of loans.

(d) The statutory interpretation maxim _reddendo singular singulis_ states
that where a complex sentence has more than one subject and more than one
object, it may be the right construction to render each to each. Applied to
Art 144, this puts loans given by the Government outside its ambit.

(e) The Auditor-General’s comment that the Ministry of Finance did not comply
with Art 144 when it issued a promissory note to the International Development
Association (“the IDA”) without the President’s assent must be viewed in the
context of s 5(1) of the International Development Association Act (Cap 144A,
2003 Rev Ed) which specifically gives the President a role in approving
contributions by Singapore to the IDA. Moreover, whereas such a promissory
note would create a liability, a loan given by the government remains an
asset.

8 On the third factor, the Judge held that the Appellant did not have _locus
standi_. He reiterated that the _locus standi_ threshold criteria remained a
stringent one, according to this court’s recent pronouncement in _Tan Eng Hong
v Attorney-General_ [2012] 4 SLR 476 (“ _Tan Eng Hong_ ”). Unlike a _private_
right, when an applicant seeks to enforce a _public_ right, he has to show
that he has been personally affected by the decision being challenged. The
Judge held that in this case where the Appellant was trying to enforce a
public right, he failed to show that he had suffered any special damage
resulting from the public act which was being challenged and also that he had
a genuine private interest to protect.

Issues in the appeal

9 The Appellant raised the following issues in this appeal:

(a) Is there a _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of
granting the prerogative orders sought?

(b) Did the Appellant have the _locus standi_ to bring this application?

The decision of this court

Issue 1: Is there a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion?

10 On the first issue, in the Appellant’s Case, the Appellant had raised the
argument that the Loan was, in effect, an “implied guarantee” which would come
within the ambit of Art 144. However, during the oral hearing before us, where
he appeared in person, he effectively abandoned that argument, and alleged
that he did not have sufficient time to instruct his then counsel, Mr M Ravi,
who was preparing the Appellant’s Case, due to the Appellant’s preoccupation
then with the by-election in Punggol East. Instead, he raised a new argument
which largely centred upon the fact that the Loan to the IMF was a “contingent
liability”. This being a new point, it was not addressed in the Respondent’s
Case. Despite the change in the Appellant’s argument, the Respondent declined
to take up the Appellant’s suggestion of having the hearing of the present
appeal adjourned if the Respondent needed time to consider the new point. In
this judgment, we will address the points raised in the Appellant’s Case as
well as his new arguments made during the oral hearing before us.

Arrangement of words

11 On the issue of the interpretation of Art 144, we are of the opinion that
based on the materials put before us it is abundantly clear that Parliament
intended the Article to refer only to the _giving_ of guarantees and _raising_
of loans, and not the _giving_ of loans. Indeed, the Judge’s careful
consideration of the relevant materials (see Judgment at [13]-[36])
unequivocally showed that Parliament did not intend that Art 144 should be
read to encompass the giving of loans as contrasted with the raising of loans.
Hence we do not think it is necessary for us to traverse those same materials
as the Judge, whose conclusion we are in full agreement with.

12 At this juncture we will briefly address the Appellant’s contention that
the words “given” or “raised” in Art 144(1) can both appropriately apply to a
guarantee. In other words, while it is right to talk about “giving a
guarantee” it is not wrong or absurd to allude to the “ _raising_ of a
_guarantee_ ”. The Appellant cited the Karnataka High Court (India) decision
of _Intertek India Private Ltd. v State of Karnataka_ (2 August, 2012) (“
_Intertek_ ”) for the proposition that since it is possible to raise a _letter
of credit_ , which instrument is “equivalent to a _guarantee_ ”, as the
issuing bank of that instrument is required to pay the seller if the buyer
defaults, it should not be “inconceivable” or wrong to refer to the giving of
a guarantee as raising a guarantee. This argument is so contrived as to
constitute an abuse of the language. Even if it were linguistically correct to
talk about “raising a guarantee”, its meaning would be quite different from
“giving a guarantee”.

13 We note that the term “letter of credit” was referred to twice in
_Intertek_ in the following instances: “raising a timely letter of credit” (at
[16]) and “opening a letter of credit” (at [33]). What is flawed in the
Appellant’s argument is the assertion that a “letter of credit” is
“equivalent” to a “guarantee” when they are clearly not. While they are both
instruments of a financial nature, their essential characteristics are very
different and they serve distinct purposes.

14 When pressed further on whether it was common financial parlance to speak
of “raising” a guarantee, the Appellant conceded that while it was not as
common as “obtaining” or “giving”, it was still not “patently absurd”. He
concluded by emphasizing that this was nonetheless not the “main thrust” of
his argument, and an overall purposive construction of Art 144 would point to
a presumption of a tighter form of financial control.

Implied guarantee

15 We now turn to consider the Appellant’s argument that the Government had
also fallen afoul of Art 144 because it had given an _implied_ guarantee for
the Loan. This contention rests on the premise that since the loan to the IMF
was not extended directly by the Government but by the MAS, thus by virtue of
s 38 of the Monetary Authority of Singapore Act (Cap 186, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the
MAS Act”) which states that the Government “shall be responsible for the
payment of all moneys due by the [MAS]”, there would effectively be a form of
an implied guarantee given by the Government to the MAS should the IMF
eventually draw on the loan. To advance this point, he argued that, on account
of s 38, there exists a “ _sui generis_ ”[note: 2] banker/ client relationship
between the Government and the MAS that incorporates a suretyship arrangement
between MAS as the principal debtor and the Government as the surety. Section
38 reads as follows:

**Guarantee by Government**

38\. – (1) _The Government shall be responsible for the payment of all moneys
due by the Authority._

(2) Nothing in this section shall authorise a creditor or other person
claiming against the Authority to sue the Government in respect of his claim.

[emphasis added]

The Appellant argued that read purposively, Art 144 effectively seeks to
“limit discretionary spending by the Government of past reserves, by
subjecting such actions to parliamentary and executive president (“EP”)
oversight”. However, this purpose would be violated if the Government were to
step in whenever the MAS suffered liquidity problems, such as when a debtor
like the IMF defaults on a loan repayment of a significant amount.

16 There is a fundamental flaw in the Appellant’s contention that because of s
38 of the MAS Act there has arisen an implied guarantee by the Government to
reimburse the MAS in respect of any loss which MAS might suffer due to the
IMF’s inability to repay the Loan. What the Appellant seems to have overlooked
is that the guarantee referred to in s 38(1) is in relation to the payment of
moneys due _from_ the MAS to others and not the other way round of moneys due
from others _to_ the MAS (which is the case here with respect to the Loan).
Moreover, as rightly pointed out by the Respondent, an “implied guarantee” is
a legal impossibility – Art 144(2) merely sets out a list of statutes under
some of which the Government could give a guarantee – none of which would
encompass what the Appellant sought to say had happened in this case.

The MAS as a separate vehicle

17 The Appellant also made the argument that while the commitment to offer a
loan to IMF was made by the MAS, it was “absurd” to treat the MAS as a
separate vehicle from the Government, given that it is a statutory corporation
listed under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution and all its shares are
owned by the Government.

18 On this point, we need say no more than to refer to s 3(1) of the MAS Act:

There shall be established an Authority to be called the Monetary Authority of
Singapore which shall be a _body corporate_ and shall have perpetual
succession and may _sue and be sued in its own name_.

[emphasis added]

Contingent liability

19 As earlier mentioned at [10], in his oral submission before us, the
Appellant brought up a new argument that the Loan, when properly classified,
should be considered a _liability_ (specifically, a contingent liability),
rather than an _asset_. We can see that this point was being raised in order
to ride on the distinction drawn by the Judge when he explained why the
Auditor-General had commented that the Government’s promissory note to the
IDA, being a liability, required Presidential assent whereas the Loan, being
an asset, did not.[note: 3] The Appellant then elaborated that the present
contingent Loan extended to the IMF was akin to there being an option, in the
sense that one could have an option to buy a share, without having to exercise
it. Similarly, the IMF, through the Loan, had been given the _right_ to draw
down on the monies committed, although the IMF was not required to draw down
on the loan. Quoting Christine Lagarde’s (the current Director-General of the
IMF) alleged description of such capital as a “fire ball”,[note: 4] the
Appellant contends that the Loan offered by the MAS, as well as similar loans
offered by other countries to the IMF, when eventually drawn down by the IMF,
would effectively be “sacrificed” to prevent the fire from spreading, bearing
in mind that such a loan commitment would only be drawn down when there is
widespread breakdown in the world’s financial system and when presumably no
one would want to make loans to the IMF. Hence by the time such a draw-down on
the Loan is effected by the IMF, Singapore’s exposure in relation to the Loan
would be a lot riskier than it currently stands.

20 The Appellant further argued that a loan given to the IMF could not
possibly be “any kind of [a] commercial asset”, given that it would be given
to support the world’s financial system in times of “imminent crisis”.
Describing the terms of the IMF’s borrowing as “not commercial” but
“concessional”, he argued that the IMF could not possibly borrow on an
interest rate of 0.3% per annum, as it does, on its own terms without the
support of governments. While he acknowledged that no one had ever lost money
lending to the IMF, the IMF functioned with a “burden sharing mechanism” in
that countries which had contributed to the IMF shared in their losses made on
loans given to the IMF.

21 To further support his contention that the Loan was in fact a contingent
liability, the Appellant referred to comments made by the UK Chancellor of the
Exchequer George Osborne referring to the UK’s pledge to the IMF as a
“contingent liability”. He then referred to the US’ Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation’s Risk Management Manual of Examination Policies (“FDIC Manual”)
and explained that contingent liabilities such as the Loan can be considered
as “off balance sheet activities”. He then quoted the following passage from
Section 3.8 of the FDIC Manual as follows:

In reviewing individual credit lines, all of a customer’s borrowing
arrangements with the bank (e.g., direct loans, letters of credit, and loan
commitments) should be considered. Additionally, many of the factors analyzed
in evaluating a direct loan (e.g., financial performance, ability and
willingness to pay, collateral protection, future prospects) are also
applicable to the review of such contingent liabilities as letters of credit
and loan commitments. When analyzing these off-balance sheet lending
activities, examiners should evaluate the probability of draws under the
arrangements and whether an allowance adequately reflects the risks inherent
in off-balance sheet lending activities.

22 The Appellant also referred to the Statement of Financial Accounting
Standard No. (FAS) 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities, and expressed the view that these accounting guidelines supported
his classification of the Loan as a liability. While he conceded that the MAS
was not a commercial entity, and the Loan was not intended to be securitized
and sold, he proceeded to explain that loan commitments were characterised as
derivatives if they were to be sold. The originator of the loan commitment
would be required to record the value at a fair value, which would be the
market value of the loan commitment – “what it would cost to replace it”. If
the borrower were to “deteriorate” subsequently, the lender would have to
reflect this expected loss through a profit and loss account. Accordingly,
such treatment showed that the Loan should be characterised as a contingent
liability.

23 Without the benefit of proper submissions from both parties on this point,
other than what the Appellant orally argued before us, we feel ill-placed to
comment on the financial validity of the Appellant’s arguments on the point,
and hence will confine ourselves to the following brief remarks. Firstly, we
note that accounting standards vary across different countries; hence what may
be considered normal practice in the US may not necessarily be so in
Singapore. The Appellant has not shown any evidence on what the standards in
our local context are. Secondly, by drawing on the “fireball” analogy, the
Appellant appears to be making the argument that the sheer _risk_ allegedly
inherent in the Loan must make it a liability, rather than an asset. This
cannot be right – the amount of _risk_ involved in holding an asset does not
change its _nature_ from being an asset into a liability. The same objection
would apply to the Appellant’s argument on the IMF’s concessional, as opposed
to commercial, arrangements. Third, the Appellant seems to have relied on
wholly irrelevant materials in making his point, ignoring the context of the
materials. An instance is the reference to the FDIC Manual (at [21] above)
where the first sentence of section 3.8 of the Manual reads: “In reviewing
individual credit lines, all of a customer’s borrowing arrangements with the
bank (e.g., direct loans, letters of credit, and loan commitments) should be
considered”. Here the Manual is referring to the contingent liability of the
customer. It makes absolute sense for a commercial financial institution which
is reviewing the different lines of credit offered to a customer to consider
all the lines to determine the customer’s contingent liability and his credit
risk. That customer’s contingent liability would be the sum of the facilities
offered to him, _ie_ , the aggregate of all the credit he could draw on. Here,
even assuming we regard the MAS and the Government as one single entity, the
offer of the Loan by the MAS to the IMF is effectively a facility which the
IMF could, when there is a need, resort to. When that happens, whatever draw-
downs effected by the IMF would be a debt due from the IMF to the MAS, and
rightly that would be reflected as an asset of MAS. We cannot see how that
could be converted into a liability of the MAS when it is in substance and in
form a liability of the IMF to the MAS.

“Like a guarantee”

24 In yet another wholly inappropriate comparison, the Appellant further
likened a loan commitment like the one in the present case to that of a
guarantee, stating that the two were “identical” in nature because they were
both off balance sheet lending commitments. He cited the Bank of England’s
Yellow Folder for a reporting format which showed that guarantees and loan
commitments were to be treated in the same manner. Reference was also made to
the 2011 Annual Report of JP Morgan Chase & Co. as evidence of how accepted
accounting practice would regard the risk impacts of both guarantees and loan
commitments as identical.

25 In our observation it is quite telling that the Appellant was clutching at
any argument in order to bring the matter within Art 144 - from calling the
Loan an “implied guarantee” given by the Government to that of a “guarantee”
given by the MAS itself. Quite clearly he is simply seeking to draw a
connection - _any_ connection, however tenuous - between the word “guarantee”
and the loan commitment given by the MAS to IMF so as to show the engagement
of Art 144. The distinct and separate nature of these two contractual
arrangements is obvious.

26 Again, we are surprised at the Appellant’s attempt, bearing in mind that he
is an economist, to draw a comparison between the Loan and the giving of a
_call option_ to the IMF because the IMF could “call upon [the Loan] if they
need to”, The concept of a call option is founded on a contractual arrangement
to buy a right, and when that right is exercised a further contract of sale
will come into being– a mechanism for a transaction which is entirely distinct
from the workings of a loan commitment. In the circumstances, it is unclear to
us what the Appellant’s purpose is in seeking to draw a connection between a
call option and the Loan which the MAS had offered to the IMF. Neither is
there any similarity between a call option and a guarantee.

27 The Appellant also took issue with the fact that the Respondent had stated
that Art 144 was not engaged as it did not “breach past reserves”, as he
averred that Art 144(1) made no mention of past reserves at all. We are
surprised by this comment of the Appellant, given that it was _the Appellant_
who had argued in his written submissions that “transactions funded out of the
OFR could be a transaction funded out of past reserves” (at [11.6] of the
Appellant’s case), even citing Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong’s speech on 28
April 2011 as “further evidence” of the OFR’s characterisation as “past
reserves” (at [11.5] of the Appellant’s case). In any event, we feel that it
is not necessary to belabour the point once again that the legislative
intention behind Art 144 is to safeguard Singapore’s past reserves against
“profligate public spending by an irresponsible government”, as explained in
A-G Chan’s opinion (see above at [7(b)]).

28 In conclusion, on the question of whether the Appellant’s application had
passed the threshold of raising a _prima facie_ question of reasonable
suspicion, we have no doubt that the Judge’s decision was correct, and the
answer is clearly no. The construction sought to be placed by the Appellant on
Art 144 is inconsistent with the literal sense of the provision and also flies
in the face of what was the clear intention of the Legislature in enacting
that Article as evinced by the 1988 White Paper and the 1990 White Paper.

Issue 2: Did the Appellant have locus standi?

29 As acknowledged during the hearing by counsel for the Respondent, Ms Aurill
Kam, the position on _locus standi_ in our law was very much an “open point”:
no clear stance had been laid down by our courts on what the standing
requirements should be for cases involving _public_ , as opposed to _private_
, rights. However, since the hearing of this case in April, this court has
released its judgment in _Vellama v Attorney General_ [2013] SGCA 39 (“
_Vellama_ ”), where it elucidated on the requirement on standing where public
rights were concerned. Its implications will be discussed below.

30 Additionally, we note that since the Appellant’s application for leave in
this case already fails at the first stage (in that there is no _prima facie_
case of reasonable suspicion), it will not be necessary for us to scrutinise
the question whether the Appellant has the _locus standi_ to seek the relief
he prayed for in the originating summons. However, like the Judge below, in
view of the fact that both parties have made extensive submissions on this
question, and the sheer importance of the issue itself, we would take this
opportunity to also make some comments on the Appellant’s _locus standi_ in
this case.

31 On this point, the Appellant argued that this court’s decision in _Tan Eng
Hong_ , where it held that it would be necessary for an applicant to prove
that he had a personal right in order to establish standing to seek a
declaration from the courts, was wrong, and that _Government of Malaysia v Lim
Kit Siang_ [1988] 2 MLJ 12 (“ _Lim Kit Siang_ ”), the Malaysian authority
cited in _Tan Eng Hong_ , had been “superseded by developments in the rest of
the world” such as Canada and the UK. Alternatively, even if _Tan Eng Hong_
was correctly decided, this court still had broad discretion to find standing
for an applicant to apply for declarations in a public law case, or at least
the court should apply a lower standard in relation to prerogative orders such
as prohibiting and quashing orders.

32 The Respondent, in turn, argued that the test in the English House of Lords
case of _Gouriet and others v H.M. Attorney-General_ [1978] AC 435 (“
_Gouriet_ ”) had been consistently applied in local cases such as _Tan Eng
Hong_ and _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R)
112 (“ _Karaha Bodas_ ”), and should not be departed from. In addition, the
Respondent gave reasons for not adopting the approach taken in Canada and drew
a clear distinction between Singapore’s standing rules as set out in O 53 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, Rev Ed 2006) and those that currently
prevail in England.

What is standing?

33 Before we begin our discussion on the issue of _locus standi_ , it is
crucial to note that the law on standing (which will be used interchangeably
with _locus standi_) is not statute-based, but is a judge-made doctrine based
on the common law which has, over the centuries, undergone enormous changes,
not just in Singapore, but in many other common law jurisdictions. Admittedly,
this is not an easy area of law to define or explain; neither are the past
decisions wholly consistent. Hence, we will briefly sketch the origin and
general purpose of the law on standing in order to guide our discourse on what
it should consist of.

34 In public law, rules on standing act as a _procedural_ barrier which an
applicant must satisfy as a preliminary point before the court would embark on
an examination of the merits of the claim and grant any relief prayed for; in
other words, this issue relates to the applicant’s right to apply for the
remedy. This requirement differentiates a claim in public law from that in
private law, where the right to apply for a remedy and the very entitlement to
a remedy are tied up in the same inquiry. In contrast, in public law, such
rules are put in place in order to prevent the wastage of the court’s time and
public money by the multiplicity of litigation brought by busybodies that
could amount to an abuse of the legal process. Hence even though judicial
review occurs in the realm of _public_ law, this does not translate into
_every member of the public_ having the right to bring judicial review
proceedings – this is unlike the _actio popularis_ in Roman law, under which
any citizen could maintain an action for the breach of a _public_ wrong. As
this court stated in _Vellama_ at [29], the appropriate test for determining
standing turns on the _nature_ of the rights at stake altogether. In
particular, the distinction between private and public rights is a crucial
one.

Law of standing in relation to public rights

35 The overall basis for judicial review is very much tied up with democratic
theory (see below at [48]-[50]), and especially the idea of the Government
being often perceived as the guardian of “public interests”. This can be seen
in the way standing rules in relation to actions for injunctions to enforce
public rights were developed by the English Court of Chancery. These
principles arose in England during the 19th century from the need to restrain
_ultra vires_ activities, particularly the misuse of charitable funds. Where
charitable trusts were concerned, the ground for equitable intervention was
not the protection of any proprietary rights of a plaintiff, since these
trusts were for _public_ purposes, making their due administration a matter of
_public_ concern. The Attorney-General, acting as _parens patriae_ , would
restrain misapplication of charitable funds by way of an injunction either (1)
in his own right (_ex officio_) or (2) at the relation of another (_ex
relatione_), _viz_ , a “relator” action. In the latter proceedings, the
relator (member of the public) did not have to show a personal interest in the
controversy beyond being a member of the public. Subsequently the Attorney-
General’s role expanded beyond the context of charitable trusts to protecting
the _public_ interest generally whenever a public authority exceeded its
statutory powers by some act that tended to interfere with public rights and
so injure the public. However without the Attorney-General’s fiat, a private
individual still could not enforce a public trust by a private suit alone, as
the Attorney-General was the proper plaintiff in an action seeking to protect
public rights in the courts of equity. This narrow approach meant that suits
were often dismissed “for want of an equity”, causing the courts to lament the
fact that it lacked authority to give remedies where defendant bodies were
clearly exceeding their statutory powers (_Pudsey Coal Gas Co v Bradford
Corporation_ (1873) LR 15 Eq 167 at 172).

36 The two exceptions to this strict rule that would allow a plaintiff to sue
for declaratory or injunctive relief without the interposition of the
Attorney-General were set out by Buckley J in _Boyce v Paddington BC_ [1903] 1
Ch 109 (“ _Boyce_ ”) at 114:

A plaintiff can sue without joining the Attorney-General in two cases: first,
where the interference with the public right is such as that some private
right of his is at the same time interfered with (e.g., where an obstruction
is so placed in a highway that the owner of premises abutting upon the highway
is specially affected by reason that the obstruction interferes with his
private right to access from and to his premises to and from the highway);
and, _secondly, where no private right is interfered with, but the plaintiff,
in respect of his public right, suffers special damage peculiar to himself
from the interference with the public right._

[emphasis added]

37 There were two limbs to this exception in _Boyce_ : the first was where the
applicant _had_ a private right, and the second was where the applicant _did
not_ (as emphasised above). In the latter case, an applicant would have to
show that he had suffered “special damage peculiar to himself”. The Judge
rightly identified the present case as one concerning the second limb of
_Boyce_ as Art 144 was “not concerned with a private right”,[note: 5] and
accordingly found that the Appellant failed to fulfil it for want of showing
“special damage”.[note: 6] Here, we would pause to highlight the fact that the
test in _Boyce_ was subsequently approved of and adopted in the House of
Lords’ decision in _Gouriet_ where it was held that the applicant had no
_locus standi_ because he had no private rights at stake and had not suffered
any loss or damage particular to himself from the threatened interruption of
postal services.

38 _Gouriet_ , in turn, was adopted by this court in _Karaha Bodas_ , albeit
in a private law context, for the proposition that an applicant seeking a
declaration had to show that it related to a right personally vested in him,
and that he had a “real interest” in it (at [15] and [19]).

39 In S A de Smith, _Judicial Review of Administrative Action_ (Sweet and
Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 1973) (“ _de Smith_ ”) the learned author summarised the
position then on standing in these terms (quoting only the relevant parts) at
p 407:

(i) As we have seen, in cases of public nuisance the plaintiff must show
either that he has suffered (or is in imminent danger of suffering) an
interference with his private rights or that he has suffered (or is in
imminent danger of suffering) particular or special damage. It seems that
essentially the same principles apply to other wrongful forms of interference
with amenities enjoyed by the public as a whole.

(ii) If specific criminal sanctions are attached to the doing of a wrongful
act, a private plaintiff will generally be held to lack _locus standi_ to sue
without the Attorney-General for an injunction to restrain its commission or
continuance. ...

(iii) _Locus standi_ to sue for injunctions in respect of other wrongful acts
and omissions by public bodies is governed by broadly the same rules as those
stated above, but there appear to be certain modifications which cannot,
however, be stated with assurance. ...

We quote this edition of _de Smith_ because significant changes to the law
were effected by statute in 1977, which changes have not been replicated in
Singapore. We also noted that notwithstanding the statutory changes, this text
was restated in the next edition of the same work (Sweet and Maxwell, 4th Ed,
1980) at p 458; perhaps it was still early days.

The evolution of standing rules in Singapore

40 In Singapore, the starting point for determining what the test for standing
consists of is _Chan Hiang Leng Colin and others v Minister for Information
and the Arts_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 627 (“ _Colin Chan (HC)_ ”) where Judith Prakash
J observed (at [10]) that “sufficient interest” as it was used in the UK after
1977 was “not found anywhere else in our O 53” and hence the law as it stood
in Singapore was that of pre-1977 English law. However “sufficient interest”
still remained the standard which applicants had to meet, albeit not in the
same liberal sense in which it was being used in the UK, as evinced by the use
of that phrase by this court in _Chan Hiang Leng Colin and others v Minister
for Information and the Arts_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 294 (“ _Colin Chan (CA)_ ”) at
[14]:

There is thus no need for the appellants to show that they are office holders
in IBSA or members thereof. Their right to challenge Order 405/1994 arises not
from membership of any society. Their right arises from every citizen's right
to profess, practise and propagate his religious beliefs. If there was a
breach of Art 15, such a breach would affect the citizen _qua_ citizen. _If a
citizen does not have_** _sufficient interest_** _to see that his
constitutional rights are not violated, then it is hard to see who has_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

41 We should add that in _Colin Chan (CA)_ this court found that the
appellants (who were Jehovah Witnesses) had the _locus standi_ to pursue the
matter because what was complained of was an alleged violation of their
citizen’s constitutional right under Art 15 of the Constitution to profess,
practise and propagate their religion.

42 Unfortunately, the English body of law on standing that we inherited as at
the cut-off point of 1977 (prior to legislative amendments made to their O 53)
was widely acknowledged as “one of the most confusing areas of the law” (G.
Aldous, J. Alder, _Applications for Judicial Review, Law and Practice of the
Crown Office_ (2nd Ed, Butterworths, 1993) at p 98). Not only did different
standards of standing requirements exist for the various remedies, even within
each remedy there were conflicting lines of authority. In general, however, it
could be said that the prerogative remedies (_viz_ , certiorari, prohibition
orders and mandamus) had lower requirements than the remedies which had been
developed from private law (_viz_ , declaration and injunction). Initially,
the prerogative orders had a long history of being used for the control of
governmental duties and powers, and were granted only at the suit of the
Crown. However, they soon became readily available to ordinary litigants by
the end of the 16th century. Having such a strong public flavour, the standing
requirements for such prerogative orders were very liberal, to the extent that
even a “stranger” could apply for prohibition orders (_De Haber v Queen of
Portugal_ (1851) 17 QB 171 at 214). In fact, as a matter of the court’s
discretion, any member of the public could have standing to apply for
certiorari and prohibition orders, which was also a matter of right for those
whose “interests” (not necessarily legal, but also economic, loss of amenity,
or convenience) were particularly affected. Mandamus, on the other hand, had a
slightly more discriminating test of requiring an applicant to have a specific
legal right to enforce, although this was also not applied consistently. In
contrast, declarations and injunctions, originating as private law remedies
applied in the public law context, required applicants to have either legal
rights in issue, or have suffered special damage (as discussed in _Boyce_ and
_Gouriet_ , see above at [36]-[37]).

43 In _Eng Foong Ho v Attorney-General_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 542 (“ _Eng Foong Ho_
”) it was established that the _locus standi_ requirements were to be the same
across the different remedies sought, regardless of their historical roots.
There the Attorney-General’s submission, that a declaration sought under O 15
r 16 had stricter standing requirements than that for prerogative reliefs
under O 53, was rejected by this court which favoured a uniformed approach (at
[18]):

The argument seems to be that a higher standard of _locus standi_ is required
for an application under O 15 r 16 than that under O 53 r 1. This argument has
no merit whatsoever. _Karaha Bodas_ was not concerned with the pursuit of
constitutional rights. In our view, it does not matter what procedure the
appellants have used. The substantive elements of _locus standi_ cannot change
in the context of the constitutional protection of fundamental rights.

44 Prior to 1 May 2011, an applicant could not have sought a declaratory
relief in proceedings commenced under O 53. However, the Rules of Court were
amended with effect from 1 May 2011 to allow declarations to be obtainable
under O 53 as an additional “relevant relief”, in addition to an application
for a prerogative order (referred to as the “principal application”). Hence,
prior to 1 May 2011, while a declaration could only be sought under O 15 r 16,
it may also now be applied for under O 53, as the Appellant does here.

45 The English procedural unification (effected in 1977 through the
legislative reform of their O 53) was based on the singular concept of
“sufficient interest” as the test of standing for all claims. The test of
“sufficient interest” in the UK has since been developed liberally with more
resemblance towards the earlier flexible standards of prerogative writs rather
than the private law remedies. In contrast, Singapore has taken the opposite
approach of endorsing the standard applied in the context of the latter
instead. Specifically, the two-limbed test as set out in _Boyce_ , and
affirmed in _Gouriet_ (which arose in relation to injunctions in a private law
context), was applied recently by this court in both _Tan Eng Hong_ and
_Vellama_. Since the pronouncement in _Eng Foong Ho_ that the standard of
_locus standi_ is the same throughout for all the different remedies, it is
clear from these two cases (_Tan Eng Hong_ and _Vellama_) that the standard
has been pitched at what used to be the requirements for the reliefs of
declaration or injunction under the old English law of judicial review.

Tan Eng Hong

46 In _Tan Eng Hong_ it was affirmed that the intent behind _Eng Foong Ho_ was
to “unify the threshold of _locus standi_ for cases brought under O 15 r 16
and cases brought under O 53 r 1” (at [76]) and that the test for _locus
standi_ in constitutional challenges (_ie_ , where one has a _private_ right)
remained the test as set out in _Karaha Bodas_ (at [115]), which embodied the
approach of _Gouriet_. It was not enough for an applicant to show that he
_possessed_ a personal right (which all constitutional rights are by default);
he also had to show a _violation_ of that personal right. This was essentially
an elaboration of the first limb of _Boyce_ , which addressed cases where an
applicant had _private_ rights that were infringed by a certain public act.
However, little was said about the situation where an applicant was without
such a private right, and the right was purely _public_ (_ie_ , the second
limb of _Boyce_), though the Malaysian Supreme Court’s decision in _Lim Kit
Siang_ was briefly cited at [69]:

In _Government of Malaysia v Lim Kit Siang_ [1988] 2 MLJ 12 at 27, the
majority of the Malaysian Supreme Court ruled that to possess _locus standi_ ,
an applicant must show that he had a private right which had been infringed.
**_If a public right was involved, the applicant must show that he had
suffered special damage as a result of the public act being challenged and
that he had a genuine private interest to protect or further_****.** It is not
disputed that in the present appeal, the rights concerned are not public
rights. To clarify the terminology used here, **_a public right is one which
is held and vindicated by public authorities, whereas a private right is one
which is held and vindicated by a private individual_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Vellama

47 As _Tan Eng Hong_ was not a case concerning a _public_ right, there was no
further elaboration on what “special damage” and “genuine private interest”
meant. This was until our recent decision in _Vellama_ , where this court
elaborated on the meaning of “special damage” as follows (at [33]-[34]):

Where the applicant asserts no more than a public right which is _shared in
common_ with other citizens, however, standing accrues only if a nexus between
the applicant and the desired remedy is established by demonstrating ‘special
damage’. Public rights are shared in common because they arise from public
duties which are owed to the general class of affected persons as a whole. It
is in this sense that public rights are “held and vindicated by public
authorities” (see [28] above). As public rights are shared with the public in
common, an applicant cannot have standing unless he has suffered some ‘special
damage’ which distinguishes his claim from those of other potential litigants
in the same class. Furthermore, if ‘special damage’ were not to be required,
it is likely that the courts will be inundated by a multiplicity of actions,
some raised by mere busybodies and social gadflies, to the detriment of good
public administration. The burden of having to bear costs may not be a
sufficient deterrence.

Taken collectively, these rules on standing espouse an ethos of judicial
review focused on vindicating personal rights and interests through
adjudication rather than determining public policy through exposition.
_Matters of public policy are the proper remit of the Executive, and
decoupling judicial review from the fundamental precepts of adversarial
litigation would leave the courts vulnerable to being misused as a platform
for political point-scoring._

[emphasis added]

48 The last sentence, in particular, stands for a particular view on the role
of judicial review in Singapore. Three years before _Vellama_ , the former
Chief Justice Mr Chan Sek Keong (“CJ Chan”) had made similar remarks when
speaking extra-judicially at the Singapore Management University in 2010 (Chan
Sek Keong, “ _Judicial Review – From Angst to Empathy_ ” (2010) 22 SAcLJ 469).
There CJ Chan expressed plainly his opinion that judicial review is a
“function of socio-political attitude in the particular community” (at 479),
and espoused a certain “green-light” approach towards administrative law for
Singapore’s context. On this view, public administration is not principally
about stopping bad administrative practices but encouraging good ones: “in
other words, seek good government through the political process and public
avenues rather than redress bad government through the courts” (at 480).

49 This was juxtaposed against the “red-light” approach taken in the UK where
the courts exist in a combative relationship with the Executive, functioning
as a check on the latter’s administrative powers. In the words of _Beatson,
Matthews, and Elliott’s_ Administrative Law, Text and Materials, (4th Ed) at
2-3 “it is the _courts_ which are centrally charged with securing good
administration, while the emphasis is on administrative law as a _control_
upon government”. CJ Chan noted that the difference in both approaches has
manifested in the different doctrines of _locus standi_ developed in each
jurisdiction: whilst the English courts have applied the “sufficient interest”
test liberally, CJ Chan opined that “[it] is not, in my view, also to say that
our courts will apply the test with the same rigour as the UK courts” and
raised caution about “seriously curtail[ing] the efficiency of the Executive
in practising good governance” (at 481). Rather, in terming judicial review as
a “comparatively blunt tool” in solving symptoms of systemic bureaucratic
problems, CJ Chan instead advocated the following approach for the courts in
Singapore to take (at 481):

Under a green-light approach, the courts can play their role in promoting the
public interest by applying _a more discriminating test of locus standi_ to
balance the rights of the individual and the rights of the state in the
implementation of sound policies in a lawful manner.

[emphasis added]

50 In our view, the red/ green-light theory of administrative law not only
provides a useful classification of administrative law but also highlights the
integral role that the political and economic contexts of a jurisdiction play
in determining which approach would be more suitable for a given jurisdiction.
Professors Harlow and Rawlings’ statement that “behind every theory of
administrative law, there lies a theory of the state” (C Harlow and R
Rawlings, _Law and Administration_ (Cambridge University Press, 3rd Ed, 2009)
at p 1) finds resonance with Paul Craig who also states that in order to
understand the rules, principles and goals of judicial review, one must first
come to terms with the social, political and economic contexts of that
jurisdiction (P Craig, _Administrative Law_ (7th ed, Sweet & Maxwell, London,
UK, 2012) at [1-001]). It is in this light that we must approach the law on
standing which we have inherited from England, albeit up till 1977, and
evaluate its suitability in the Singaporean context today, especially in the
context of this appeal.

Distinguishing the current appeal from Tan Eng Hong and Vellama

51 At this point, it would be pertinent to set out the exact nature of the
Appellant’s claim, vis-à-vis the two earlier decisions of _Tan Eng Hong_ and
_Vellama_ , in order to appreciate the significance of the issue of _locus
standi_ in this particular appeal. In both of the earlier cases, it was clear
that the applicants had some form of _right_ in relation to the claim: for
_Tan Eng Hong_ , it was his private constitutional rights under Articles 9, 12
and 14 of the Constitution, for _Vellama_ , it was her public right, as a
voter of a constituency which was then without a Member of Parliament, to seek
a declaration on the proper construction of Article 49 of the Constitution. In
contrast, here the Appellant alleges a wrongdoing on the part of the
Government (leaving aside the merits of his case for the moment which, as
discussed above, are bare), in that the Government and/or the MAS had somehow
breached their public duties by acting in contravention of Art 144. Yet he is
unable to assert any rights – private or public – to the alleged breach of
duty, because there is none to be had: his claim is brought in the _public
interest_. Simply put, the present case falls outside the categories of the
_Boyce_ exceptions altogether. It is here that we pick up from the discussion
in _Vellama_ where this court declined to comment further on “applications
founded purely on the breach of _public duties_ which do not generate
correlative public or private rights” [emphasis added] (at [36]), which
squarely is the case here.

Public duties and rights

52 The concept of public duties has been astutely described as an “important
but elusive one” which has been “consistently ignored by jurists, avoided by
public-law scholars, and rendered marginal for much of its history by the
judges” (Harding, A. J., _Public Duties and Public Law_ (Oxford OUP, 1989) at
1). The difficulty in understanding a public duty, as opposed to a private
duty, lies in the breakdown that occurs in the realm of public law of the
classical categorization by W. N. Hohfeld of rights and duties as correlative
legal concepts. This notable correlation was stated in _Lake Shore & M. S. R.
Co v Kurtz_ (1894) 10 Ind. App. (at 60) (cited by Hohfeld in _Fundamental
Legal Concepts As Applied in Judicial Reasoning_ , 1913, Vol 23 Yale Legal
Journal 16, at 31) as follows:

.. duty or a legal obligation is that which one ought or ought not to do.
‘Duty’ and ‘right’ are correlative terms. When a right is invaded, a duty is
violated.

53 Generally in private law, the fact that X owes a duty to Y would normally
mean that Y has a correlative right to sue X for a breach of that duty. This,
however, does not translate to the same effect in relation to public law, as
reflected in the observation by T. R. S. Allan that even though “every public
authority has the duty of observing the law … it hardly follows that every
official action or decision is appropriately subject to judicial review”
(Allan, T. R. S., _Law, Liberty, and Justice: the legal foundations of British
constitutionalism_ (Oxford, Clarendon Press, 1993) at p 212, 223). The
breakdown in this Hohfeldian duty-rights correlation that occurs in the realm
of public law is reflected in Nicholas Bamforth’s observation that judicial
review “involves a much less direct and immediate linkage between the
litigant’s remedy and the public authority’s wrongdoing: for judicial review
protects the individuals’ interests only _via_ the intervening agency of the
grounds of review which, as we have seen constitute general principles
constraining public authorities, as well as being subject to the discretionary
denial of remedies” (Kramer, M. H., _Rights, Wrongs and Responsibilities_ (New
York, Palgrave, 2001) at p 11).

54 Hence public law has long been perceived as constraining the exercise of
public power where such exercise might encroach into an individual’s liberties
and or his rights (a “protection of the individual” view), as opposed to a
means of ensuring that public bodies act properly in a legal sense, even in
the absence of those rights (a “public interest” view). Yet the tension
between the two has always existed. For instance, in _R v Somerset County
Council, ex parte Dixon_ [1998] Env LR 111, Sedley J clearly endorsed the
latter (at 121):

Public law is not at base about rights, even though abuses of power may and
often do invade private rights; it is about wrongs—that is to say misuses of
public power; and the courts have always been alive to the fact that a person
or organisation with no particular stake in the issue or the outcome may,
without in any sense being a mere meddler, wish and be well placed to call the
attention of the court to an apparent misuse of public power. If an arguable
case of such misuse can be made out on an application for leave, the court's
only concern is to ensure that it is not being done for an ill motive. It is
if, on a substantive hearing, the abuse of power is made out that everything
relevant to the applicant's standing will be weighed up, whether with regard
to the grant or simply to the form of relief.

55 While there is obvious intuitive appeal in such a view, we need to approach
the “red-light” view of public law with caution. The recognition that members
of the public do not have the right _per se_ to call upon the courts to review
every decision made by public bodies is not only undergirded by the obvious
pragmatism of minimizing disruptiveness caused by vexatious claims to the
functioning of those bodies, but also exists as a reflection of the very ethos
of our adversarial system. This leads us to note the principal distinction
between the classical Diceyan constitution (which accords more with Austinian
jurisprudence) where decisions are made by a responsible government subject to
parliamentary scrutiny, and a more communitarian, civic republican tradition
where citizens achieve self-fulfilment through participation in politics and
decision making, much like the _actio popularis_ (see above at [34]), which
essentially abolishes standing rules as we understand them to be. In the
former, judicial review would be available to individuals for the purpose of
protecting their own interests in dealings with the state, whereas the latter
would necessarily have relaxed rules of standing in order to allow citizens to
act in the public interest to contain perceived acts of governmental abuse
(see further, David Feldman, _Public Interest Litigation and Constitutional
Theory in Comparative Perspective_ (1992) 55 Modern Law Review Rev 44.

56 The full range of theories behind this subject spans much broader than is
necessary for us to delve into here for the purposes of our discussion, but we
raise this only to highlight the close nexus between the role of public law -
and consequently, the law of standing – and the various political theories
that underpin the approaches to the question of standing in different
jurisdictions. Suffice it to say that we see much value in maintaining the
Dworkinian policy/principle divide here; this finds expression in the courts
being concerned only with the individual’s rights and interests, and not
matters of public policy, which rightfully remains in the remit of proper
political process. In this vein, judicial review finds its place as an avenue
for parties to bring claims of _legality_ to the courts, and not for the
purposes of challenging the very _merits_ of a policy decision. Extensive
judicial intervention in the administrative process is by no means the only
avenue by which good governance can be ensured. Some regulatory functions can
be better performed by other institutions or organs of state.

Not concerned with merits

57 In relation to what sorts of questions the courts should be considering at
the _locus standi_ stage, certain observations made by the English House of
Lords in the seminal case of _R v Inland Revenue Commissioners, ex parte
National Federation of Self-employed and Small Businesses Ltd_ [1982] AC 617
(“ _R v IRC_ ”) are pertinent, even though _Colin Chan (HC)_ has held that for
our courts the standard of “sufficient interest” as it was applied in the UK
does not have the same application here. In that case, an association of small
businesses and self-employed persons (the claimant) argued that the Inland
Revenue had exceeded its powers in granting amnesty to a certain group of
casual newspaper workers for previous years of falsifying information provided
to the Inland Revenue in exchange for those casual newspaper workers
registering for tax purposes. Lord Wilberforce, however, upon review of the
Inland Revenue’s powers, made the following remarks on the role of the courts
(at 635):

On the evidence as a whole, I fail to see how any court considering it as such
and not confining its attention to an abstract question of _locus standi_
could avoid reaching the conclusion that the Inland Revenue … were _acting in
this matter genuinely in the care and management of the taxes, under the
powers entrusted to them_. This has no resemblance to any kind of case where
the court ought, at the instance of a taxpayer, to intervene. To do so would
involve permitting a taxpayer or a group of taxpayers to call in question the
_exercise of management powers_ and involve the court itself in a _management
exercise_. Judicial review under any of its headings does not extend into this
area.

[emphasis added]

58 This cautionary tenor was also present in Lord Roskill’s observations,
after he affirmed the importance of making judicial review available in
appropriate cases, as follows (at 633):

… On the other hand, it is equally important that the courts do not by use or
misuse of the weapon of judicial review cross that clear boundary between what
is administration, whether it be good or bad administration, and what is an
unlawful performance of the statutory duty by a body charged with the
performance of that duty …

59 Similarly, if neither of the two _Boyce_ exceptions is applicable, this
court should not engage in questions relating to the exercise of _management_
powers by public bodies (such as the MAS, which derives it powers from the MAS
Act). At this point, we refer once again to the facts of the present appeal.
The Appellant’s case, as explained above, fails for a sheer lack of merit (see
[10]-[28] above). Notwithstanding these fundamental flaws in his case, the
facts underlying these proceedings are still useful to illustrate our points
made above (see [54]-[56]) on the function of judicial review. While the
Appellant’s case was based entirely on Art 144 in that the Government (which,
as mentioned above, is not the party that extended the Loan) failed to seek
Presidential and Parliamentary assent on the transaction, essentially much of
the Appellant’s case _alluded_ to the fact that such an act was not only
risky, but also of dubious utility to Singapore. In so far as an applicant’s
intention in bringing judicial review proceedings against public bodies for
certain acts or omissions is to ask the court to rule on the _merits_ of these
acts or omissions – such as the wisdom of granting the Loan to the IMF – this
is not a role that the courts should, in any event, undertake.

Legality

60 On the other hand, the courts are concerned about the _legality_ of their
actions or omissions. As the guardian of the rule of law, it would be
unthinkable that citizens would have no recourse for bringing claims against
unlawful conduct by public bodies where there has been an obvious and flagrant
disregard for the law. This category of cases may be described, in Lord
Fraser’s words (in _R v IRC_ at 647), as instances of “some exceptionally
grave or widespread illegality”. In his speech, Lord Roskill also contemplated
the strictly _theoretical_ (as he emphasised) possibility where individuals
whose rights are not directly affected and hence might otherwise be considered
busybodies, would have _locus standi_ to bring such proceedings where
egregious breaches of the law are involved (in _R v IRC_ at 662):

It is clear that the respondents are seeking to intervene in the affairs of
individual taxpayers, the Fleet Street casual workers, and to require the
appellants to assess and collect tax from them which the appellants have
clearly agreed not to do. Theoretically, but one trusts only theoretically, it
is possible to envisage a case when because of _some grossly improper pressure
or motive the appellants have failed to perform their statutory duty as
respects a particular taxpayer or class of taxpayer_. In such a case, which
emphatically is not the present, judicial review might be available to other
taxpayers. But it would require to be _a most extreme case_ for I am clearly
of the view, having regard to the nature of the appellants' statutory duty and
the degree of confidentiality enjoined by statute which attaches to their
performance, that _in general it is not open to individual taxpayers or to a
group of taxpayers to seek to interfere between the appellants and other
taxpayers_ , whether those other taxpayers are honest or dishonest men, and
that the court should, by refusing relief by way of judicial review, firmly
_discourage such attempted interference by other taxpayers_.

[emphasis added]

61 We also note Lord Diplock’s concerns where he lamented the emergence of a
“grave lacuna” in the system of public law if applicants were to be denied
_locus standi_ by virtue of standing rules that would stop them from bringing
matters “to the attention of the court to vindicate the rule of law and get
the unlawful conduct stopped” (at 644). While in general we acknowledge the
force of this argument, it should not _ipso facto_ extend to _all_ forms of
unlawful conduct without discrimination. It cannot be the case that a citizen
is always entitled to come to court to ask for intervention by the court
whenever it is alleged that a public body had acted beyond the powers
conferred on it. The gravity of the breach would be a relevant consideration.
The statutory scheme of things in relation to which the breach is alleged to
have occurred is another. Now the essence of the complaint of the Appellant
relates to the fact that (assuming the grant of a loan or the promise of a
grant of a loan falls within Art 144) the Government had failed to obtain a
Parliamentary resolution authorising the loan as well as the concurrence of
the President to the same. Interestingly, we have been advised by the
Appellant that he had in fact brought his concern up to the President. This
question of whether the Loan should have been granted to the IMF was also a
matter which was brought up in Parliament. However, neither Parliament nor the
President had thought fit to question the propriety of the promised loan. If
the President was indeed concerned and inclined to veto the commitment, he
would have done so. Alternatively, the President could have referred the
question for an advisory opinion to a tribunal of three judges pursuant to Art
100 of the Constitution (see _Constitutional Reference No 1 of 1995_ [1995] 1
SLR(R) 803 for an example). In the context of the scheme we do not think that
Parliament intended by enacting Art 144 that persons such as the Appellant
would have the standing to ask for judicial review of the action of the MAS
(or of the Government, even assuming that the act of the MAS was that of the
Government): see P. Cane, _Standing, Legality and the Limits of Public Law_
[1981] PL 322 at 333 and _R v IRC_ per Lord Wilberforce at 729-730 and Lord
Fraser at 742. The nature of the issue is entirely political and should be
resolved as such. In a parliamentary system of government, the government of
the day would have commanded the majority vote of the House.

Public duties without correlative public rights

62 At this juncture, we need only make one further observation on the question
of standing. It is clear that the law of standing is a judge-made doctrine of
the common law (see Lord Diplock’s speech at 639, and Lord Scarman’s speech at
648 in _R v IRC_). We have already noted that, in so far as public rights are
concerned, it was held in _Boyce_ that “where no private right is interfered
with, but the plaintiff, in respect of his public right, suffers special
damage peculiar to himself from the interference with the public right” the
plaintiff would have the standing to ask for judicial review in respect of
that interference. In this regard, it seems to us that “special damage” might
also possibly encompass those rare and exceptional situations where a public
body has breached its public duties in such an egregious manner that the
courts are satisfied that it would be in the public interest to hear it.
However, we maintain that this is a very narrow avenue which concerns only
extremely exceptional instances of very grave and serious breaches of
legality. Judicial review is not the recourse for petty claims against
breaches of just _any_ public body or servant; a low-level government
officer’s failure to execute his duties fully would obviously not fall in the
same category as a Cabinet Minister’s abuse of his wide-ranging powers. As a
note of caution, we would also pre-emptively clarify that what we have stated
in these paragraphs should not in any way be taken as a spurring move towards
the surge of public interest litigation that has been making its way into the
courts of other jurisdictions where taxpayers’ actions questioning all nature
of administrative acts are commonplace with an established body of case law
and jurisprudence on the topic. Indeed, as is all too apparent, the very
notion of “public interest” has intrinsically the risk of it running amok,
depending on the whims and fancies of anyone who happens to be a citizen of
Singapore.

63 We also note that engaging in such a balancing act between considering both
(1) the rights of the applicant and (2) the legality of public bodies’ actions
to determine _locus standi_ has not escaped criticism (see P. Cane, _Standing,
Legality and the Limits of Public Law_ [1981] PL 322 at 336). However, we
would emphasise that the principles in _Boyce_ , which represent the view that
individuals must have sufficient stakes in order to have standing, would still
be the predominant test for most cases. This has been unequivocally applied by
this court in both _Tan Eng Hong_ and _Vellama_ , and we do not propose to
depart from that position.

Summary of the law on locus standi

64 To recapitulate, the law on _locus standi_ in Singapore stands as follows:
there must firstly be a public duty which has been breached; without such a
breach, there can be no question of whether an applicant has standing or not.
Where this public duty generates correlative private rights (as the case in
_Tan Eng Hong_) or public rights (as the case in _Vellama_), the applicant
would have _locus standi_. However, in the rare case where a non-correlative
rights generating public duty is breached, and the breach is of sufficient
gravity such that it would be in the public interest for the courts to hear
the case, an applicant _sans_ rights may be accorded _locus standi_ as well,
at the discretion of the courts.

65 We would only reiterate that none of these categories are made out in this
case: not only does the Appellant lack any public or private rights in this
matter such that he could establish _locus standi_ to bring this application,
he has also failed to show that the _Government_ had in any way breached its
duties under Art 144 (_ie_ , there was no public duty that was infringed to
begin with).

Conclusion

66 In sum, we dismiss the appeal with costs for the following reasons:

(a) the Appellant has failed to establish a _prima facie_ case of reasonable
suspicion; and

(b) the Appellant does not have the _locus standi_ to challenge Art 144.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol II p 17

[note: 2]AC para [9.6]

[note: 3]Judgment at [35]

[note: 4]It is not clear what is the source on which the Appellant relied to
attribute this quote to Ms Lagarde, or if she had even made such a comment.

[note: 5]GD at [47]

[note: 6]GD at [48]

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

