Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Chi Min _v_ The Royal Bank of Scotland Plc  
[2013] SGHC 154

Case Number| :| Suit No 939 of 2011 (Summons No 4812 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 August 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Suresh Nair and Muralli Rajaram (Straits Law Practice
LLC) for the plaintiff; Celeste Ang Hsueh Ling and Jonathan Pek Zhanpeng (Wong
& Leow LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tan Chi Min — The Royal Bank of Scotland Plc  
  
20 August 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J :

1 This case raises interesting questions regarding the principle of open
justice in the context of public access to documents filed in civil
proceedings.

Background

2 On 27 December 2011, Mr Tan Chi Min (“the Plaintiff”) commenced an action
(“S939/2011”) against his former employer, The Royal Bank of Scotland Plc
(“the Defendant”), claiming, _inter alia_ , wrongful dismissal and breach of
his employment contract with the Defendant. According to the Plaintiff, he was
wrongfully dismissed by the Defendant as he claimed he was made a “scapegoat”
following the infamous scandal regarding the alleged manipulation of the
London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), in which the Defendant as one of the
contributory banks under the British Bankers’ Association (“the BBA”) was
implicated. Prior to his dismissal, the Plaintiff was an employee of the
Defendant tasked with submitting the Defendant’s interbank interest rates to
the BBA.

3 On 22 September 2012, the Defendant filed Summons No 4812 of 2012
(“SUM4812/2012”) seeking an order for the case file in S939/2011 or,
alternatively, all affidavits and/or exhibits thereto to be sealed from media
or public inspection “until the earlier of (i) the resolution of the [sic] one
or more of the regulatory investigations into the Defendant being conducted by
the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the US Department of Justice
(Fraud Division), the [Financial Services Authority]; or (ii) the date falling
three months from [22 September 2012] (at which point the Defendant may make a
further application for a similar order).”

4 Counsel for the parties appeared before me in chambers for the hearing of
SUM4812/2012 on 24 September 2012 and 24 October 2012. At the end of the
hearing on 24 October 2012, I ordered that all affidavits filed in S939/2011
since 7 September 2012 be sealed from public inspection pending trial, with
leave given to the Plaintiff to write in for further arguments in the event
that there were additional authorities which the Plaintiff wished to raise. On
21 November 2012, the Plaintiff’s solicitors presented further arguments in
writing to which the Defendant replied on 19 December 2012. The Plaintiff’s
solicitors wrote in again on 25 February 2013 to inform the court that, _inter
alia_ , the investigations into the LIBOR scandal by the United States and
United Kingdom regulatory authorities had concluded and, accordingly, the
purpose of the application in SUM4812/2012 was spent. In a letter dated 27
February 2013, the Defendant’s solicitors informed the court that they wished
to appear before me to respond substantively to the Plaintiff’s solicitors’
letter dated 25 February 2013.

5 On 1 April 2013, counsel for both sides attended before me for a further
mention on SUM4812/2012, at the end of which it was established that the
grounds for the original sealing order had no longer existed. Accordingly, I
indicated to parties that I was inclined to discharge the sealing order, but
that would be done along with a written judgment addressing the law on access
to court documents by members of the public. I now issue my written judgment
together with my order discharging the sealing order.

The question on access to court documents by members of the public arising
from SUM4812/2012

6 In the course of submissions in support of the sealing order under
SUM4812/2012, counsel for the Defendant argued that although the public has a
general right to access documents in the court files under a principle
commonly referred to as the “principle of open justice” (see _Scott v Scott_
[1913] AC 417 (“ _Scott v Scott_ ”)), such right of access is never unfettered
or unconditional. It was also submitted that given the early stages of the
proceedings in S939/2011, it was unnecessary for the maintenance of the
principle of open justice for the public to have access to affidavits which
have been filed with the court registry for the purposes of interlocutory
proceedings in S939/2011. In essence, the Defendant was concerned that
granting the public (and in particular the media) access to court documents in
the present case would, _inter alia_ , undermine the integrity of the
investigations which were then still ongoing in the United States over the
LIBOR scandal. The Defendant at the same time also voiced its concern that
S939/2011 was in danger of being used as an avenue for the press to access
information or documents about the said investigations (to which the press
would not otherwise have access whilst the investigations were still ongoing),
given that the press appeared to be more interested in the allegations made by
the Plaintiff with regard to the alleged LIBOR manipulation rather than in the
Plaintiff’s claim for wrongful dismissal. Additionally, the Defendant took the
view that it would be manifestly unjust to other individuals under the
Defendant’s employment, who were not party to S939/2011 but who might be
concerned in the alleged LIBOR manipulation, for the press to have access to
the case file in S939/2011 and to infer wrongdoings on their part while the
investigations were still ongoing when in truth they might not even be
culpable at all.

7 Against this backdrop, the key question that arose was: under what
circumstances should court documents such as affidavits filed pursuant to
interlocutory applications be made available for public access and inspection,
given the concerns raised by the Defendant in the present case?

The principle of open justice

8 The provision governing public access to court documents filed in the
registry is O 60 r 4 read with O 60 r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”):

**Information to be maintained by Registry**

**2.** —(1) The Registrar shall cause to be maintained such information as is
prescribed or required to be kept by these Rules and by practice directions
issued by the Registrar.

(2) The Registrar may maintain at his discretion all the information referred
to in paragraph (1) in such medium or mode as he may determine.

…

**Right to search information and inspect, etc., certain documents filed in
Registry**

**4.** —(1) Any person shall, on payment of the prescribed fee and without
leave of the Registrar, be entitled to search the information referred to in
Rule 2.

(2) _Any person may, with the leave of the Registrar and on payment of the
prescribed fee, be entitled —_

_(a) during office hours, at the Registry or a service bureau established
under Order 63A, to search for, inspect and take a copy of any of the
documents filed in the Registry; or_

_(b) to use the electronic filing service established under Order 63A to
search for and inspect any of the documents filed in the Registry during the
period permitted by the Registrar._

(3) Nothing in paragraph (2) shall be taken as preventing any party to a cause
or matter searching for, inspecting and taking or bespeaking a copy of any
affidavit or other document filed in the Registry in that cause or matter or
filed therein before the commencement of that cause or matter but made with a
view to its commencement.

[emphasis added]

9 The foremost consideration in determining whether leave under O 60 r 4(2) of
the Rules of Court should be granted upon a request being made is what is
commonly termed as the “principle of open justice”, the roots of which can be
traced to the House of Lords decision in _Scott v Scott_. In _Dian AO v Davis
Frankel & Mead (a firm) and another (OOO Alfa-Eco and another intervening)_
[2005] 1 WLR 2951 (“ _Dian AO_ ”), Moore-Bick J referred to _Scott v Scott_
and explained the principle of open justice in detail as follows (at
[28]-[29]):

28 I would accept at once that the highest importance is to be attached to the
principle of open justice, but I think it is important for the purposes of the
present application to understand what end it is intended to serve. For the
reasons set out in the speech of Lord Shaw in _Scott v Scott_ [1913] AC 417 it
has long been recognised that _if justice is to be properly administered it is
essential that the decisions of the courts and the decision-making process
itself be open to public scrutiny. It is for that reason that in all but
exceptional cases hearings are conducted in public, judgment is delivered in
public and proceedings can be freely reported._

**29** It is for the same reason that, as the use of written rather than oral
procedures have become more widespread, the courts have recognised that it is
necessary to give the public access to documents that contain material that
has been placed before the judge, but not read out in open court as would once
have been the case. The two most obvious categories are statements of
witnesses who are called to give evidence at trial and advocates' skeleton
arguments. Both were considered in [_GIO Personal Investment Services Ltd v
Liverpool and London Steamship Protection and Indemnity Association Ltd (FAI)
General Insurance Co Ltd intervening)_ [1999] 1 WLR 984, CA] and the position
of skeleton arguments was considered again in the [_Law Debenture Trust Corpn
(Channel Islands) Ltd v Lexington Insurance Co_ [2003] EWHC 2297 (comm)] case.
The principle was recognised in _Derby & Co Ltd v Weldon The Times_, 20
October 1988 and more recently in _Barings plc v Coopers & Lybrand_ [2000]
1WLR 2353 as extending to copies of documents that the judge has been invited
to read in the privacy of his room. Without access to material of this kind a
member of the public attending the hearing could not form any reliable view
about the propriety of the decision-making process.

[emphasis added]

10 In the same case, Moore-Bick J further explained that the principle of open
justice should similarly apply to affidavits which were used for chamber
hearings (at [50]):

**50** The affidavits referred to in the orders were, as I have said,
considered by the court as part of its judicial function. They may have been
read out in the course of the proceedings, but I think it more likely that
they were read by the judge in private as part of his preparation for the
hearing and that particular passages were referred to at the hearing itself.
In accordance with the practice of the court the hearings would all have taken
place in chambers rather than open court, but it is clear from authorities
such as _Barings plc v Coopers & Lybrand _[2000] 1 WLR 2353 and the _Law
Debenture Trust case_ [2003] EWHC 2297 (Comm) that these affidavits ought to
be treated as if they had been read in open court and that anyone with a
legitimate interest ought to be allowed reasonable access to them in
accordance with the principle of open justice.

11 This was consistent with the position that chamber hearings are not
confidential and that information pertaining to what had occurred in chamber
hearings could be made available to the public, save where there are
exceptional circumstances. In _Hodgson and Others v Imperial Tobacco Ltd and
Others_ [1998] 1 WLR 1056 (“ _Hodgson v Imperial Tobacco Ltd_ ”), the English
Court of Appeal held (at 1072):

In relation to hearings in chambers the position may be summarised as follows.
(1) The public has no right to attend hearings in chambers because of the
nature of the work transacted in chambers and because of the physical
restrictions on the room available but, if requested, permission should be
granted to attend when and to the extent that this is practical. (2) What
happens during the proceedings in chambers is not confidential or secret and
information about what occurs in chambers and the judgment or order pronounced
can, and in the case of any judgment or order should, be made available to the
public when requested. (3) If members of the public who seek to attend cannot
be accommodated, the judge should consider adjourning the proceedings in whole
or in part into open court to the extent that this is practical or allowing
one or more representatives of the press to attend the hearing in chambers.
(4) To disclose what occurs in chambers does not constitute a breach of
confidence or amount to contempt as long as any comment which is made does not
substantially prejudice the administration of justice. (5) The position
summarised above does not apply to the exceptional situations identified in
section 12(1) of the Act of 1960 or where the court, with the power to do so,
orders otherwise.

12 For completeness, I should add that in our local context, although para 13A
of the Supreme Court Practice Directions provides that hearings in chambers in
civil proceedings are “private in nature, and that members of the public are
not entitled to attend such hearings”, it does not go further to state that
chamber hearings in civil proceedings are confidential or secret. Paragraph
13A of the Supreme Court Practice Directions reads as follows:

**13A. Attendance at hearings in Chambers**

(1) For the avoidance of doubt, the general rule is that hearings in chambers
in civil proceedings are private in nature, and that members of the public are
not entitled to attend such hearings.

(2) However, subject to any written law, the Court may, in its discretion,
permit interested parties, such as instructing solicitors, foreign legal
counsel and parties to the matter, to attend hearings in chambers. In
exercising its discretion, the Court may consider a broad range of factors
including: (a) the interest that the person seeking permission has in the
matter before the Court; (b) the interests of the litigants; (c) the reasons
for which such permission is sought; and (d) the Court’s interest in
preserving and upholding its authority and dignity.

13 It should, however, be noted that there were occasions when the principle
of open justice was held as not having been engaged at all. In _Dian AO_ , for
example, the court declined to grant permission for the inspection of
affidavits and statements relating to an application for summary judgment
which was disposed of without a hearing. Moore-Bick J held (at [47], [51] and
[57]):

**47** Mr Joseph told me on instructions that an application for summary
judgment was made which was disposed of without a hearing, it having been
agreed that Tiller should have unconditional leave to defend. That is not
confirmed in Mr Georgiou's statement and formally, therefore, there is no
evidence to support it. However, in the absence of an order reflecting a
contested hearing, I have no reason to think that any affidavits sworn for the
purposes of that application were, or should be treated as having been, read
by a judge as part of the judicial process.

…

**51** However, for reasons I have already given, [the documents which ought
to be given reasonable access to] does not include any affidavits that were
filed in connection with the application for summary judgment. Mr Smith
submitted that it is not uncommon for affidavits or witness statements made
for the purpose of one application to be deployed in support of, or in
opposition to, a later application so that the use of these affidavits in
connection with one of the contested applications cannot be ruled out. That is
true, and it demonstrates why it is highly desirable that the preamble to any
order should identify clearly the evidence on which it is based. However,
where the matter is in doubt the burden is on the applicant to show that an
affidavit or witness statement expressed to be made in relation to one
particular application was in fact considered in relation to another. In the
present case there is no basis for drawing that conclusion.

…

57 … I do not consider that the court should be as ready to give permission to
search for, inspect or copy affidavits or statements that were not read by the
court as part of the decision-making process, such as those filed in support
of, or in opposition to, the application for summary judgment in this case.
_These were filed pursuant to the requirements of the rules but only for the
purposes of administration. The principle of open justice does not come into
play at all in relation to these documents._ I do not think that the court
should be willing to give access to documents of that kind as a routine
matter, but should only do so if there are strong grounds for thinking that it
is necessary in the interests of justice to do so. …

[emphasis added]

14 In sum, the principle of open justice requires that decisions by judges
(and Registrars) in court proceedings be amenable to scrutiny by members of
the public through inspection of documents filed in court that were considered
in the decision-making process. This serves to promote public confidence in
the administration of justice. However, it does not mean that all court
documents are open to inspection by members of the public the moment they are
filed in court, for the principle of open justice is engaged only when a court
has made a decision involving a consideration of those documents.

15 With these in mind, I now set out guidelines pertaining to requests under O
60 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court with specific mention of some of the more
common court documents involved in such requests.

Access to court documents filed and/or used in interlocutory civil proceedings
heard in chambers

16 Court documents under this category may be divided into two broad classes:
interlocutory summonses and the affidavits filed either in support of or in
opposition to the interlocutory summonses (hereafter referred to as
“interlocutory affidavits”).

Interlocutory summonses

17 Public access to interlocutory summonses may generally be granted upon a
proper request being made pursuant to O 60 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court,
regardless of whether the hearing of the interlocutory summonses have been
heard or concluded. It is necessary in the interest of the public and for the
purposes of promoting public confidence in the administration of justice for
interested members of the public to be able to follow the extent to which the
progress of an action commenced at the courts have been or may be affected by
any interlocutory legal skirmishes between the litigating parties pending
trial or full determination of the action.

Interlocutory affidavits

18 With regard to affidavits filed in connection with interlocutory
applications, the principle of open justice as elucidated in [8]–[14] above
would apply such that access under O 60 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court should
generally only be granted when the underlying interlocutory application has
been fully heard and/or determined. Accordingly, the registrar is entitled to
refuse leave for any request seeking access to interlocutory affidavits if the
request was made prematurely (_ie_ , before the interlocutory application in
which the interlocutory affidavits are being relied upon have been fully heard
and/or determined by the court). A member of the public may not expect to have
his or her request pursuant to O 60 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court granted if
the principle of open justice has not been engaged (see [13] above).

Access to court documents filed and/or used in civil proceedings heard in open
court

19 As far as open court civil proceedings are concerned, the two most common
categories of court documents which are filed and/or used in court are the
originating processes (including the pleadings) and the affidavits of
evidence-in-chief (“AEICs”). In this regard, a legal provision that gives
statutory expression of the principle of open justice in respect of hearings
conducted in open court is s 8(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) which provides as follows:

**8.** —(1) The place in which any court is held for the purpose of trying any
cause or matter, civil or criminal, shall be deemed an open and public court
to which the public generally may have access.

Originating processes and pleadings

20 Originating processes and pleadings in open court civil proceedings
constitute the official record of the matters _to be_ litigated before and
decided by the court (_cf_ Jeffrey Pinsler SC, _Principles of Civil Procedure_
(Academy Publishing, 2013) at para 15.001). As a matter of both principle and
practice, these papers are often also the very first documents that would come
to the court’s attention in civil litigation. In line with s 8 of the SCJA
(see [18] above), and provided that there are no sealing orders in place, it
may therefore be said that it is necessary in the public interest for these
fundamental documents to be made available for inspection under O 60 r 4(2) of
the Rules of Court regardless of whether the substantive hearing of any legal
action commenced by such documents has begun. This is so that any interested
members of the public (or the media) may properly apprise themselves in
advance of the issues that litigating parties _intend to put_ before the court
for adjudication, and not be made to wait until the start of the substantive
hearing before they could do so. On this basis, public inspection of
originating processes and pleadings would be allowed the moment they are filed
at the registry.

AEICs

21 AEICs form a unique category of court documents used in civil trials. The
use of AEICs in civil trials is a relatively modern practice designed to
expedite court proceedings by avoiding oral examination-in-chief of witnesses.
This results in more than just the time for examination-in-chief, but with
early notice of such evidence, the time required for cross-examination may be
reduced. For this reason, AEICs are filed and exchanged in advance of a civil
trial. However it is not until the commencement of trial proceedings that
AEICs are admitted into evidence. It is a common practice in our trials to
dispense with the reading out of AEICs to further save time. However this
means that people in the public gallery, and court reporters, would not have
access to the evidence-in-chief given in the trial. In Sharon Rodrick, “Open
Justice, the Media and Avenues of Access to Documents on the Court Record”
(2006) 29(3) University of New South Wales Law Journal 90 at 90, the learned
author explained this concern as follows:

… Courts freely acknowledge that, today, the vast majority of people rely on
the media for information about judicial proceedings and, in deference to this
fact, regard the principle of open justice as embracing the right of the
public to receive media reports about the workings of the courts.

… [M]edia organisations are likely to argue that in view of the striking
changes that have taken place in the way court cases are conducted, access to
documents on the court record is critical if the media are to effectively
discharge their role as the purveyors of information about the courts. Today,
there is far less reliance on what takes place orally in open court, and a
correspondingly greater emphasis on documentary evidence and written
submissions and arguments. For example, pleadings are no longer read aloud in
full by counsel in open court. This is largely because the length of the
pleadings is now of a different order to earlier years, to the point where a
reading aloud of the entirety is no longer appropriate, especially in complex
commercial cases. Moreover, counsel frequently present their legal arguments
in written form. Indeed, many courts require written outlines of submissions
to be submitted to the court in advance of the hearing. This means that
counsel will just refer the court to pertinent paragraphs of the pleadings,
and oral argument proceeds on the basis that the court is familiar with the
written submissions. It is also commonplace for witnesses to present their
evidence-in-chief in the form of affidavits or witness statements (with
exhibits) rather than orally. The affidavits or witness statements which
contain the evidence-in-chief are not read out verbatim, but are simply
treated as read. Oral evidence is usually confined to cross-examination of the
witnesses. In  _McCabe v British American Tobacco Australia Services Ltd_
[[2002] VSC 150], the Court explained that as a consequence of this change,
the phrase ‘read in court’ has acquired a completely different meaning. In the
words of the Court: ‘[i]mplementation of this recommended practice has the
consequence that the expression “read in court”, when referring to an
affidavit or an exhibit, becomes a fiction which harks back to the days when
this was done aloud’.

A number of explanations can be advanced for these changes in the conduct of
court cases. Primary among them is the need for increased efficiency in the
trial process in view of the number, length and complexity of modern trials,
and the consequent pressures they place on court time, the public purse and
the litigants’ pockets. Whilst these changes have produced efficiencies in
terms of time and money, their impact on the principle of open justice has not
been as laudable. They effectively mean that a member of the public who wishes
to understand a case can no longer adequately do so by sitting in the
courtroom. For example, it is impossible to follow the cross-examination of a
witness if the evidence-in-chief has not been given orally and the documentary
evidence-in-chief, upon which the cross-examination is based, has not been
read aloud in court or otherwise made public. Likewise, it is not possible to
grasp the legal arguments put to the court if counsel is merely speaking to a
detailed written outline of submissions. In the words of Byrne J, the changes
that have taken place serve to ‘make the curial and adjudicative process less
and less comprehensible to the person in the public gallery’.

The impact of these changes has been most keenly felt by the media, since
media organisations are the section of the public mostly likely to be seeking
to take advantage of their right to attend hearings. Any inability to access
information about a case has a detrimental impact on reporting. It has the
potential to ‘promote inaccurate, ill-informed and damaging speculation’,
which in turn has a tendency to ‘erode public confidence in the system of
justice’. As a result, media organisations are likely to maintain that if the
principle of open justice is to continue to have meaningful content, it can no
longer be confined to what takes place in the courtroom, but must be construed
as extending to documents in the court registry.

22 Hence, to maintain the principle of open justice, it is important that the
public, and particularly the media, have access to AEICs admitted in a trial.
I am therefore of the opinion that requests by members of the public
(including the media) made pursuant to O 60 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court in
respect of AEICs in civil trials conducted in open court should generally be
allowed from the time the AEICs in question have been admitted as evidence in
a trial.

When access may be granted

23 However the principle of open justice does not require access to AEICs
prior to their being admitted in court. As elaborated above, the principle of
open justice is engaged only when such AEICs are admitted in evidence and
therefore before a court whose proceedings are amenable to public scrutiny.
This would address the Defendant’s concern that it would be manifestly unjust
to other individuals under the Defendant’s employment who were not party to
S939/2011 but who might be concerned in the alleged LIBOR manipulation, for
the press to have access to the case file in S939/2011 and to infer
wrongdoings on their part while the investigations were still ongoing when in
truth they may not even be culpable at all (see [6] above).

24 There is another consideration bearing on this point. Statements made in
the course of judicial proceedings are absolutely privileged. In _Hong Lam
Marine Pte Ltd and Another v Koh Chye Heng_ [1998] SGHC 65, the court accepted
the following statement from Philip Lewis, _Gatley on Libel and Slander_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 1981) (at [21]):

21 Gatley on Libel and Slander (8th Edition) contains the following passages
in the chapter on 'Absolute Privilege':

"381. General principles. There are certain occasions on which public policy
and convenience require that a man should be free from responsibility for the
publication of defamatory words. The courts are unwilling to extend the number
of these occasions on which no action will lie even though the defendant
published the words with full knowledge of their falsity and with the express
intention of injuring the plaintiff. A statement of claim which alleges
publication on [any] such occasion will be struck out as disclosing no cause
of action. An absolute privilege attaches to the following statements:

(1) Statements made in the course of judicial proceedings.

(2) Statements made in the course of quasi-judicial proceedings.

(3) Statements contained in documents made in judicial or quasi- judicial
proceedings.

(4) ...

383\. General rule. No action will lie for defamatory statements, whether oral
or written, made in the course of judicial proceedings before a court of
justice or a tribunal exercising functions equivalent to those of an
established court of justice. “The authorities establish beyond all question
this: that neither party, witness, counsel, jury, nor judge, can be put to
answer civilly or criminally for words spoken in office; that no action for
libel or slander lies whether against judges, counsel, witnesses, or parties
for words spoken in the course of any proceeding before any court recognised
by law and this although the words were written or spoken maliciously, without
any justification or excuse, and from personal ill will or anger against the
party defamed.” It is immaterial whether such proceedings take place in open
court or in private, whether they are of a final or preliminary character,
whether they are _ex parte_ or _inter partes_ , and whether the court has
jurisdiction to deal with the matter before it or not. “The authorities are
clear, uniform, and conclusive that no action of libel or slander lies,
whether against _judges_ , _counsel_ , _witnesses_ , or _parties_ , for words
written or spoken in the ordinary course of any proceeding before any court or
tribunal recognised by law.” The privilege will also attach to any matter
incidental to the proceedings “practically necessary for the administration of
justice.” That it is convenient is insufficient.

[emphasis in original]

25 This privilege was granted for the purpose of enabling the court to
determine the truth in order to dispense justice. To the extent that it may
contain statements that are defamatory of any person, it was a necessity for
justice to be done. However this privilege has not been extended beyond the
realm of court proceedings and there is no reason to do so. For a variety of
reasons, an AEIC may not see the light of day in a trial. The party may
decide, after filing the AEIC, not to call that witness. Or the parties may
settle the suit before trial. The law does not protect publication of
defamatory statements in an AEIC unless they are made in the course of
judicial proceedings, which would only be the case after the AEIC is admitted
as evidence in a trial. But once this is done, the publication of an AEIC
would constitute a report of a judicial proceeding and come within the
protection of s 11 of the Defamation Act (Cap 75, 1985 Rev Ed), which provides
as follows:

**Reports of judicial proceedings**

**11** —(1) A fair and accurate and contemporaneous report of proceedings
publicly heard before any court lawfully exercising judicial authority within
Singapore and of the judgment, sentence or finding of any such court shall be
absolutely privileged, and any fair and bona fide comment thereon shall be
protected, although such judgment, sentence or finding be subsequently
reversed, quashed or varied, unless at the time of the publication of such
report or comment the defendant who claims the protection afforded by this
section knew or ought to have known of such reversal, quashing or variation.

(2) Nothing in this section shall authorise the publication of any
blasphemous, seditious or indecent matter or of any matter the publication of
which is prohibited by law.

As the AEIC, after it is admitted in a trial, contains the evidence given by
the witness in court, a report thereon falls within the words emphasised.

26 The same considerations apply to an affidavit filed in support of
interlocutory applications. Access may only be granted after the affidavit has
been admitted in the hearing of the application. However pleadings and
interlocutory applications, once filed, are part of court proceedings so that
any statements therein would be made in the course of judicial proceedings.

27 There is one further point. Under s 79 of the SCJA, immunity from civil
liability is conferred on the Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Assistant
Registrars (hereafter collectively referred to as “registrars”) and officers
of the Supreme Court under certain specific circumstances. Section 79 of the
SCJA provides as follows:

**Protection of Registrar and other officers**

**79.** —(1) The Registrar, the Deputy Registrar or an Assistant Registrar or
other person acting judicially shall not be liable to be sued in any court
exercising civil jurisdiction for any act done by him in the discharge of his
judicial duty whether or not within the limits of his jurisdiction, provided
that he at the time in good faith believed himself to have jurisdiction to do
or order the act complained of.

(2) No officer of the Supreme Court charged with the duty of executing any
writ, summons, warrant, order, notice or other mandatory process of the court
shall be liable to be sued in any court exercising civil jurisdiction for the
execution of or attempting to execute such writ, summons, warrant, order,
notice or other mandatory process, or in respect of any damage caused to any
property in effecting or attempting to effect execution, unless it appears
that he knowingly acted in excess of the authority conferred upon him by such
writ, summons, warrant, order, notice or other mandatory process of the court.

(3) An officer of the Supreme Court shall not be deemed to have acted
knowingly in excess of his authority merely by reason of the existence of a
dispute as to the ownership of any property seized under any writ or order of
execution.

28 In relation to the registrars’ powers in respect of requests seeking case
file inspection and/or the taking of copies of court documents, O 60 r 4(2) of
the Rules of Court provides as follows:

(2) Any person may, _with the leave of the Registrar_ and on payment of the
prescribed fee, be entitled —

(a) during office hours, at the Registry or a service bureau established under
Order 63A, to search for, inspect and take a copy of any of the documents
filed in the Registry; or

(b) to use the electronic filing service established under Order 63A to search
for and inspect any of the documents filed in the Registry during the period
permitted by the Registrar.

[emphasis added]

29 The first question is therefore whether immunity under s 79(1) of the SCJA
applies when a registrar exercises his or her power under O 60 r 4(2) of the
Rules of Court. I have no difficulty in answering that in the affirmative. As
can be seen from the wordings of s 79(1) of the SCJA, immunity applies when
the registrar does any act “in the discharge of his judicial duty”. That O 60
r 4(2) of the Rules of Court requires that “leave” of a registrar must be
obtained before a person may be allowed to inspect and take copies of court
documents filed at the registry indicates that the process being invoked by a
request made pursuant to O 60 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court is a judicial as
opposed to an administrative one.

30 Indeed, this conclusion is supported by an English case authority where the
registrar’s powers under the Rules of the Supreme Court (“RSC”) Ord 63 r 4
(_ie_ , a close English equivalent of our O 60 r 4 of the Rules of Court) was
held to be of a judicial nature and not merely an administrative one. In
_Dobson and another v Hastings and others_ [1992] 1 Ch 394 (_“Dobson_ ”), a
journalist, intending to write an article about a proceeding before the court,
went to the court offices to inspect the originating summons in that
proceeding. She was informed that she would need leave from the registrar to
inspect the court file. After filling out a form, a court clerk handed the
journalist several folders containing court documents and instructed her to
take them to the registrar, but she was not told she could not look inside
them. While she was waiting to see the registrar (who eventually refused leave
for inspection of the court file), she read an official receiver’s report,
which was among the papers, and openly made notes from it. Two news articles
were later published which contained information obtained from the court file.
A motion for committal proceeding was commenced against, _inter alia_ , the
journalist. Although the motion was ultimately dismissed, Sir Donald Nicholls
VC observed that pursuant to RSC Ord 63 r 4, inspection of court files was
permissible only with leave of court, and that anyone who inspected the
documents in the custody of the court without such leave when he knew he
needed leave for that purpose would have committed contempt of court (see
_Dobson_ at 394, 401). More pertinently, the court did not accept the
journalist’s evidence that she understood that the entire process of seeking
leave from the registrar was an “administrative procedure” and that the
registrar was an “administrative official” (see _Dobson_ at 407). RSC Ord 63 r
4 was cited in _Dobson_ at 399–400 which is reproduced as follows:

… R.S.C., Ord. 63, r. 4 provides:

“(1) Any person shall, on payment of the prescribed fee, be entitled during
office hours to search for, inspect and take a copy of any of the following
documents filed in the Central Office, namely - (_a_) the copy of any writ or
summons or other originating process, (_b_) any judgment or order given or
made in court or the copy of any such judgment or order, and (_c_) _with the
leave of the court_ , which may be granted on an application made ex parte,
any other document. (2) Nothing in the foregoing provisions shall be taken as
preventing any party to a cause or matter searching for, inspecting and taking
or bespeaking a copy of any affidavit or other document filed in the Central
Office in that cause or matter or filed therein before the commencement of
that cause or matter but made with a view to its commencement.”

[emphasis added]

31 In summary, the registrar’s power under O 60 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court
is of a judicial nature. Accordingly, s 79(1) of the SCJA would apply to
confer immunity on any registrar granting or refusing “leave” for case file
inspection and/or the taking of copies of court documents as that amounts to
an act done “in the discharge of his judicial duty”.

32 It would therefore follow that any officer at the registry who executes a
registrar’s order granting leave for access to court documents under O 60 r
4(2) of the Rules of Court would similarly be immune from civil liability
under s 79(2) of the SCJA, as the officer executing the order would qualify as
an “officer of the Supreme Court charged with the duty of executing any writ,
summons, warrant, _order_ , notice or other mandatory process of the court”
[emphasis added] who “shall [not] be liable to be sued in any court exercising
civil jurisdiction” (see [24] above).

Conclusion

33 The sealing order made on 24 October 2012 is discharged herewith. However
access to AEICs and other affidavits filed in court in this suit would be
available to the public only after they have been admitted as evidence in the
trial or interlocutory hearing.

34 Costs are to be in the cause.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Aug 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

