Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  South East Enterprises (Singapore) Pte Ltd _v_ Hean Nerng Holdings Pte Ltd
and another  
[2013] SGCA 25

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 74 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 March 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Cheong Yuen Hee and Cheong Aik Chye (A C Cheong & Co) for
the appellant; Daniel Koh Choon Guan and Dave Teng Dong Neng (Eldan Law LLP)
for the first respondent; Chou Sean Yu, Lim Shiqi and Pereira Russell Si-Hao
(WongPartnership LLP) for the second respondent.  
Parties| :|  SOUTH EAST ENTERPRISES (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD — HEAN NERNG HOLDINGS
PTE LTD — SAPUAN SANADI  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2012] 3 SLR 864.]

15 March 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The appellant execution debtor, South East Enterprises (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(“the Appellant”), commenced proceedings against the respondents for losses it
allegedly suffered during the execution of a writ of seizure and sale against
machinery belonging to it. The first respondent, Hean Nerng Holdings Pte Ltd
(“the First Respondent”), was the execution creditor, and the second
respondent, Mr Sapuan Sanadi (“the Second Respondent”), was the bailiff from
the Subordinate Courts who had personal conduct of the execution process. The
Appellant now appeals against the High Court’s dismissal of its claim.

2 The appeal raises some knotty questions of law relating to the process of
executing such writs. What are the duties of court bailiffs during the
execution process and to whom are these owed? When, if at all, does common law
liability arise? How far does such liability, if it exists, extend? Have court
bailiffs in Singapore been conferred absolute statutory immunity from suit?
Assuming court bailiffs have absolute statutory immunity from suit, can an
execution creditor nevertheless be held liable for any instructions given by
it? In analysing and responding to these questions, it is plain that a careful
balance needs to be struck between protecting bailiffs and execution creditors
from frivolous and potentially harassing claims and concurrently protecting
the interests of debtors to ensure that they are not prejudiced by negligent,
unfair or even malicious execution procedures carried out by misguided or
overzealous execution creditors. This is a difficult task as bright lines
cannot readily be drawn. This abstruseness has often prompted judicial
disquiet; for instance, in _Wilson v South Kesteven District Council_ [2001] 1
WLR 387 at 388, Simon Brown LJ lamented (albeit with some overstatement) that
“[i]f ever clarity were needed in the law it is surely with regard to the
seizure and sale of a debtor’s goods”.

The facts

The judgment debt

3 The First Respondent was in the business of renting out storage space at an
open air warehouse at No 27 Jalan Buroh, Singapore 619483 (“the warehouse”).
In February 2003, the Appellant entered into a warehouse service agreement
with the First Respondent for the use of Bays A2 and A3 for the storage of two
sets of machine parts. The first set of machine parts formed a plant for the
manufacture of wooden hard and soft-boards (“hard and soft-board parts”) and
the second set of machine parts formed a plant for the manufacture of wooden
particle boards (“particle board parts”). In March 2003, the Appellant
contracted for the rental of additional space at Bay A4 of the warehouse.

4 The Appellant later fell into arrears in monthly rent which amounted to
$27,794.00 by early February 2004. On 9 February 2004, the First Respondent
commenced Magistrate’s Case Suit No 3070 of 2004 against the Appellant to
recover the sum and, on 5 March 2004, obtained judgment in default of
appearance against the Appellant.

The writ of seizure and sale

5 On 19 March 2004, the First Respondent’s solicitors issued Writ of Seizure
and Sale No 2136 of 2004 (“the Writ”) for the sum of $29,771.57 (“the judgment
debt”) to be executed against the Appellant’s property in the warehouse. The
material portion of the Writ read as follows:

To the Bailiff,

You are directed that you cause to be levied and made out of the _property
liable to be seized under a Writ of Seizure and Sale which shall be identified
by or on behalf of [the First Respondent]_ , the Plaintiffs / Execution
Creditors, as belonging to [the Appellant], the abovenamed Defendants /
Execution Debtors now or late of 47 Beach Road, #02-07, Kheng Chiu Building,
Singapore 189683, and having their place of business at No. 27 Jalan Buroh,
Singapore 619483 _by seizure and if it be necessary by sale thereof
$29,771.57_ ($27,794.00 being the sum adjudged, [plus interests, costs and
disbursements])… which [the First Respondent] recovered against [the
Appellant] by a Judgment bearing the 5th day of March 2004.

[emphasis added]

6 The Writ referred to both “47 Beach Road” and “27 Jalan Buroh” without
specifying which was to be the place of execution. This error was compounded
by a series of other procedural anomalies. In the Praecipe for Writ of Seizure
and Sale bearing the same date, only the Appellant’s “registered office” at 47
Beach Road was mentioned. Perhaps as a result of this, the Subordinate Courts
Bailiff Section’s (“the Bailiff Section”) “General Notice to Execution
Debtor(s)” dated 23 March 2004 to the Appellant and letter to the First
Respondent dated 29 March 2004 referred to 47 Beach Road as the place of
execution. The original date of execution was set at 28 April 2004. By a
letter dated 5 April 2004 to the Bailiff Section, the First Respondent’s
solicitors clarified that the place of execution was to be 27 Jalan Buroh
instead.

7 This was then followed by a second letter from the Bailiff Section to the
First Respondent dated 29 April 2004 stating that the place and the amended
date of execution were, respectively, 27 Jalan Buroh and 11 May 2004. By the
same letter, the First Respondent was requested to report at the Bailiff
Section in the morning of the date of execution to accompany the Second
Respondent to the place of execution and to bring along _inter alia_ a
typewritten letter of authority and signed indemnity in the prescribed form.

The seizure

8 On 11 May 2004, an authorised employee of the First Respondent, Mr Eugene
Lim Chang Chye (“Eugene Lim”), met the Second Respondent at the Bailiff
Section and handed the Second Respondent a letter of indemnity dated 11 May
2004 (“the Indemnity”). The Indemnity, which was addressed to “the Bailiff”
and signed off by the First Respondent, read as follows:

1.I/We hereby confirm that on the appointed date for execution, the judgment
debt remains unsatisfied to the extent of $29,771.57.

2.I/_We hereby authorize [Eugene Lim] to accompany the bailiff to point out
the assets of the execution debtor, which are to be seized on our behalf at 27
Jalan Buroh_ , Singapore 619483.

3.I/_We hereby indemnify you and keep you indemnified at all times hereinafter
against all claims and payments for which you may in the course of such
execution render yourself legally liable and against all actions, suits,
proceedings_ , _claims, demands, cost, expenses whatsoever which may be taken
or made against you or incurred_ or become payable by you in the course of
such execution.

[emphasis added]

9 Eugene Lim then accompanied the Second Respondent to the warehouse and, upon
arrival, pointed out the machinery which was to be seized and which was so
seized by the Second Respondent (“the seized items”). It bears mention that
the Second Respondent was seizing machinery for the very first time. It is
unclear what information Eugene Lim relied upon in assessing the value of the
seized items. Indeed, from the record, it appears to us that he took no steps
prior or subsequent to the seizure to assess the value of the seized items
seized at his behest. The Second Respondent on his part asserts with alacrity
that he entirely relied on Eugene Lim when he seized the items (see below at
[35] and [82]).

10 After pasting seals on the seized items at Bays A2 and A3, the Second
Respondent valued the seized items at $15,000 and noted this in the Notice of
Seizure and Inventory (Form 94) (“Form 94”). There was also an “ _Inventory_ ”
annexed to Form 94, which the Second Respondent completed with the brief
description “all machineries and parts of timber at Lot A2 to A3 (inside)”. It
transpired during cross-examination of the Second Respondent that this was an
inaccurate description of the seized items, which should have been properly
described as “machine for cutting timber”. Notwithstanding this error, Eugene
Lim signed the indemnities at the bottom of the inventory which provided as
follows:

All the above articles seized by the Bailiff were pointed out by me and I
indemnify him against any damages for wrongful seizure.

[Signed by Eugene Lim]

__________

Signature of Execution Creditor

(or his representative)

11 The entire process of the seizure took about thirty minutes. Before leaving
the warehouse, the Second Respondent left a copy of the Writ, Form 94 and a
General Notice to Execution Debtors dated 11 May 2004 with Eugene Lim. It
should be noted that this General Notice was not a document prescribed under
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5 2004 Rev Ed). This General Notice to Execution
Debtors read:

TO: THE EXECUTION DEBTOR(S)

AND ALL OTHERS WHOM IT MAY CONCERN

…

2\. A Writ of Seizure and Sale No : _2136_ of _2004_ has been issued against
the Execution Debtor(s), and the Court Bailiff has been directed by the
Execution Creditor(s) to execute the Writ at this address. **_The Execution
Creditor(s)_**_or his representative who accompanies the bailiff_ , **_will
point out to the Bailiff the item(s) belonging to the Execution Debtor(s_**
_), and the Bailiff will accordingly record and place the item(s) under
seizure_.

…

_6_. _This action is initiated on the direction and indemnity of the Execution
Creditor(s) as such all inquiries are to be directed to him/them or his/their
solicitors at Tel No :_ __65323388-MARK__ _._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The auction sale

12 Two weeks later, by a letter dated 26 May 2004, the Second Respondent
appointed Kiong Chai Woon and Co Pte Ltd (“the Auctioneer”) as the auctioneer
to sell the seized items by public auction. Unfortunately, the Auctioneer
failed to inspect the seized items prior to putting up the auction
advertisement. Consequently, the error in the inventory annexed to Form 94
eventually found its way into the 9 June 2004 advertisement in The Straits
Times which described the auction items as “Machineries and Parts of Timber
(Lots A2 to A3)”.

13 The auction took place on 11 June 2004. On the same day, before the
auction, Eugene Lim handed the Second Respondent another letter of indemnity
in the same terms as the one given on 11 May 2004\. The auction was attended
by 20 to 30 potential bidders who were given about half an hour to inspect the
seized items before the start of the auction. There were at least four or five
bids before the seized items were sold to the highest bidder, Kim Hock
Corporation Pte Ltd (“Kim Hock Corporation”), for $51,500 as scrap metal. We
should add that there do not appear to have been any instructions given to the
Auctioneer by either of the Respondents to independently value the seized
items or fix a reserve price before the commencement of the auction process.

14 Kim Hock Corporation shortly thereafter on-sold the machinery to a business
associate, Mr Lau Swee Nguong of Hua Seng Sawmill Co Bhd (“Hua Seng Sawmill”)
in Sibu, Sarawak for $132,174. The seized items apparently remain unassembled
at Hua Seng Sawmill’s premises.

The parties’ pleadings at the trial below

15 At the trial below, the Appellant raised a montage of variegated assertions
that the Second Respondent had executed the Writ negligently and in breach of
numerous statutory duties, _viz_ , (a) failure to provide adequate notice of
seizure; (b) failure to sufficiently particularise the seized items; (c)
excessive seizure; (d) failure to publish an adequate advertisement describing
the true nature of the seized items; (e) failure to give adequate notice of
sale; (f) sale of machinery which had not been seized pursuant to the writ of
seizure and sale and (g) failure to sell at the best possible price. Its main
complaints related to the alleged excessive seizure followed by undervalue
sale of the seized items, which the Appellant asserted bore a market value of
$1,224,294.50. It relied on two documents to support this claimed worth of the
machine parts: (a) a contract dated 28 February 2001 providing that a
Vietnamese company, Ngan Linh TNHH Company Ltd, was to buy the hard and soft-
board parts for US$441,000 (“NL contract”); and (b) a “subject-to-contract”
agreement dated 8 May 2004 providing that a Pakistani buyer, Best Chipboard
Industries, was to pay US$295,000 for the particle board parts (“BC
contract”). It also sought to make the First Respondent jointly and severally
liable by arguing that the Second Respondent had acted as the First
Respondent’s agent during the seizure and sale.

16 The Second Respondent denied that there had been any breach on his part and
argued that he was, in any event, immune under s 68(2) of the Subordinate
Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed) (“Subordinate Courts Act”), which provides
that:

No officer of a subordinate court charged with the duty of executing any writ
… shall be liable to be sued for the execution of or attempting to execute
such writ … unless he knowingly acted in excess of the authority conferred
upon him by such writ, summons, warrant, order, notice or other mandatory
process of the court in question.

As for the First Respondent, it argued that even if the Second Respondent was
held liable, no agency relationship existed between them so as to give rise to
liability on its own part.

The decision below

17 The trial judge (“the Judge”) dismissed the Appellant’s claims, holding
that the Second Respondent was not in breach of any common law or statutory
duty. The Judge agreed with the Second Respondent that s 68(2) of the
Subordinate Courts Act would in any event have shielded him from liability. In
this regard, the Judge held that s 68(2) of the Subordinate Courts Act
protected the bailiff from the consequences of any breach of his statutory as
well as common law duties, and that such statutory immunity would be displaced
only where there was actual knowledge or wilful blindness of excess of
authority on the bailiff’s part. The Judge found that the Second Respondent
did not in fact act in excess of authority, let alone “ _knowingly_ ” act in
excess of authority [emphasis in original] (see _South East Enterprises
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v Hean Nerng Holdings Pte Ltd and anor_ [2012] 3 SLR 864
(“the Judgment”) at [57]). The Judge then held that the First Respondent could
not in any event be liable as no agency relationship arose between the First
and Second Respondents.

The parties’ arguments

The Appellant’s submissions

18 The Appellant has, on appeal, abandoned most heads of its original claim
against the Second Respondent for breaches of duty and has confined its
submissions to that of excessive seizure. It made three primary submissions.
First, that the Judge erred in finding that there was no excessive seizure,
and should have placed weight on the fact that Hua Seng Sawmill subsequently
bought the seized items for S$132,174. Second, that s 68(2) of the Subordinate
Courts Act did not exonerate the Second Respondent from the consequences of
his breaches as it deals only with “excess of authority claims” and has
nothing to do with common law claims. Third, that the Judge was wrong to
conclude that the Second Respondent was not the First Respondent’s agent in
executing the Writ.

The Respondents’ submissions

19 The First and Second Respondents’ cases on appeal echo their submissions
made at trial. The Second Respondent insists that he had not seized property
worth well in excess of the judgment debt and, even if he had been negligent
in that respect, he is protected under s 68(2) of the Subordinate Courts Act.

20 The First Respondent argues that an execution creditor only assumes
responsibility for the bailiff’s acts where the execution creditor has
intervened in the bailiff’s performance of a writ of execution, or has
identified himself with the bailiff’s wrongful acts. It argues that there was
no evidence of such intervention or instructions to the Second Respondent, who
had acted independently.

The issues before the court

21 The issues before the court are as follows:

(a) whether there has been an excessive seizure and whether the Second
Respondent exercised a reasonable and honest discretion in choosing how much
of the Appellant’s property to be seized (“Issue 1”);

(b) whether the Second Respondent was nonetheless protected under s 68(2) of
the Subordinate Courts Act (“Issue 2”); and

(c) whether the First Respondent may be made liable for any excessive seizure
by the Second Respondent (“Issue 3”).

Our decision

Issue 1

The applicable legal principles

22 A bailiff may be sued at common law for wrongful execution, which may occur
in any of three ways, _viz_ , (a) where the execution is authorised by neither
the judgment nor the writ (_eg_ , where the execution is excessive, carried
out at the wrong address or against the wrong person’s goods); (b) where it is
issued maliciously or without reasonable cause; and (c) where it is done in
breach of common law powers or procedure laid down by the rules of court (see
John Kruse, _The Law of Seizure of Goods: Debtor’s Rights and Remedies_ (Barry
Rose Law Publishers, 2000) (“ _Law of Seizure of Goods_ ”) at pp 68-69).

23 For the present case, we are only concerned with one particular wrong,
namely, excessive seizure. The bailiff has a duty to seize only such quantity
of goods as would be reasonably sufficient to pay the amount, and where the
bailiff seizes more, _prima facie_ , he is a wrongdoer (_Gawler v Chaplin and
ors_ (1848) 154 ER 590 at 592, _Watson v Murray & Co_ [1955] 2 QB 1 (“
_Watson_ ”) at 12, _Moore v Lambeth County Court Registrar and Others (No 2)_
[1970] 1 QB 560 (“ _Moore_ ”) at 572). This is also the position in Australia
(see _Halsbury’s Laws of Australia_ , vol 20 (Butterworths, 1995) (“
_Halsbury’s Australia_ ”) paras 325-9905 and 325-9915, and Bernard Cairns,
_Australian Civil Procedure_ (Lawbook Co, 9th Ed, 2011) at p 741).

24 We should add that in Singapore, the execution creditor or his
representative is required to identify the property (other than real property)
to be seized by the bailiff. This is mandated by Form 82 (“Writ of Seizure and
Sale”) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”),
and Form 88 in the previous Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed), which
state that the property to be seized “shall be identified by or on behalf of
[the execution creditor]”. In other words, the property to be seized shall
either be identified by the execution creditor, or by someone authorised by
the execution creditor to identify the property to be seized on the execution
creditor’s behalf. This is a crucial step of the process in which the
execution creditor has to ensure that only the appropriate amount of items
owned by the judgment debtor are seized (see below at [79]).

25 Traditionally, liability for wrongful seizure seemed to be strict, and did
not seem to be fault-based, _viz_ , the wrong was not dependent on the conduct
of the bailiff (see _Watson_ at 12 and _Moore_ at 570). In _Steel Linings
Limited and anor v Bibby & Co_ [1993] RA 27 (“ _Steel Linings_ ”) the English
Court of Appeal introduced a refinement when it stated:

It should be noted in this regard that to be proved excessive the value of the
goods seized must be clearly disproportionate to the arrears and charges,
taking into consideration the conditions under which a forced sale of the
effects must take place; _to avoid an excessive distress all that is required
is that the distrainor should exercise a reasonable and honest discretion in
estimating what the goods will realise_ at auction; he need not consider what
value the ratepayer himself could have obtained for them or what they would be
worth to a business successor. [emphasis added]

26 This introduced a defence to excessive seizure such that where the bailiff,
when choosing how much of the judgment debtor’s property to seize, exercised a
reasonable and honest discretion in estimating what the goods will realise at
auction, the bailiff will not be liable for excessive seizure. In our view,
this measured approach strikes the desired balance between the need to protect
the debtors from excessive seizure, and the need to protect court bailiffs
from spurious litigation. We would add that the bailiff has the burden of
showing that he exercised both a reasonable _and_ honest discretion in
estimating what the goods will realise at auction once the debtor proves that
there has been an excessive seizure of its property. On the issue of the
honest exercise of the discretion, we should point out that this is also
relevant as a prerequisite to the statutory immunity (whenever a discretion is
exercised) as a bailiff must not knowingly exceed his authority (see
discussion on s 68 of the Subordinate Courts Act below at [44]–[56]).

27 We are of the view that this defence is also available to an execution
creditor or his representative who identifies the items to be seized, and who
would otherwise be liable for the bailiff’s wrong.

28 Since the bailiff is confined to seizing sufficient goods to cover the
debt, and is not necessarily entitled to all the goods on the premises, the
seizure must _involve some process of_ selecting and securing items (_Law of
Seizure of Goods_ at p 117). For example, as a general principle, while there
is no basis for an excessive seizure claim, if there appears to be only one
thing to seize, even if its value might considerably exceed the sum due,
liability for excessive seizure may arise where the bailiff had the
opportunity to seize fewer goods or goods of lesser value than _he actually
seizes_. As Lord Ellenborough observed in _Field v Mitchell_ [1806] 6 Esp 71
(“ _Field_ ”) at 72 (see, also, _Roden v Eyton (_ 1848) 6 CB 427 at 430-431,
_Avenell v Croker and another_ (1828) Mood & M 172 at 173-174, and _Law of
Seizure of Goods_ at p 66):

There is a distinction between the cases, where there is but one thing which
can be distrained, and where there are many, and so the distress is divisible.
_If there is but one thing which can be taken, so that it must be taken, or
the party must go without his distress, for taking it no action lies, though
it much exceeds the sum for which the distress is taken : but if there are
several articles of some value, and there is much more taken than is
sufficient to satisfy the rent and expen[s]es; this action is maintainable_ ,
_and express malice is not necessary to the maintaining of the action, nor
required to be proved_ ; but it is not for every trifling excess that this
action is maintainable, it must be disproportionate to some extent, and if
disproportionate to an excess, the action is clearly maintainable. [emphasis
added]

29 To succeed in an excessive seizure claim, the plaintiff must show that the
seizure was obviously excessive or clearly disproportionate to the debt
_(Moore_ at 570 and 572, and _Steel Linings_), _eg_ , where £100 of goods were
seized for a debt of less than £1 _(Baker v Wicks_ [1904] 1 KB 743 at
747-748), or where property worth about £87 was seized in satisfaction of a
debt of at best £4 5s _(Moore_ at 570). A trifling excess would not do
(_Field_ at 72). In assessing whether the value of the goods seized had been
clearly disproportionate to the debt, the court should take into consideration
the conditions under which a forced sale of the goods takes place (_Law of
Seizure of Goods_ at p 66 and _Steel Linings_).

The present facts

30 Two questions arise in this regard, _viz_ , (a) whether there was excessive
seizure; and (b) if there was an excessive seizure, whether the Second
Respondent, when choosing how much of the Appellant’s property to seize,
exercised a reasonable and honest discretion in estimating what the goods will
realise at auction to avoid excessive seizure.

(1) Excessive seizure

31 The Appellant’s case at trial was that the seized items were worth
$1,224,294.50, vastly in excess of the judgment debt. That valuation, which
was based on the values of the NL contract and the BC contract (see [15]
above), was rejected by the Judge for reasons set out in [95]–[99] of the
Judgment, which we agree with. Those reasons need not be rehearsed here since
the Appellant has not, on appeal, sought to persist with its original
assertion that the seized items were worth $1,224,294.50. Instead, the main
evidence on which Counsel for the Appellant, Mr Cheong Yuen Hee (“Mr Cheong”),
relies in his written and oral submissions to prove excessive seizure was the
resale price of $132,174 to Hua Seng Sawmill. Notwithstanding the earlier
overstatement in the Appellant’s case about the value of the seized items
which the Judge rightly rejected, we are inclined to find that the sale and
resale prices are in reality indicative of an excessive seizure by the Second
Respondent for the following reasons.

32 First, we note that even if the sale price to Kim Hock Corporation
reflected the true worth of the seized items -which we do not accept, given
that the mis-description of the seized items may have attracted the wrong
group of bidders -that figure of $51,500, was almost twice the amount of the
judgment debt. Second, and as Mr Cheong rightly argued, the sale to Hua Seng
Sawmill showed that, even as scrap metal, the seized items were worth at least
$132,174, _ie_ , 4.5 times the judgment debt. Mr Cheong’s argument was
plausibly supported by the sale invoice dated 30 July 2004, which described
the seized items sold as “machine _scrap_ ” [emphasis added]. Mr Lim Kim Hock
of Kim Hock Corporation also testified that he had sold the seized items to
Hua Seng Sawmill as scrap metal. This on-sale took place shortly after the
auction in June and the seizure in May, and is cogent evidence of the worth of
the seized items during the material period. Significantly, even after a 20%
discount is applied to reflect the forced sale value of the seized items (the
First Respondent’s expert valuer, Mr Robert Khan, testified that a 20%
discount is typically applied to the market value to reflect the forced sale
value), the resultant figure of $105,739.20 would still be about 3.5 times the
judgment debt of $29,771.57, _ie_ , clearly disproportionate to the judgment
debt. In the circumstances, we are prepared to conclude that the seizure was
obviously excessive and clearly disproportionate to the debt. Applying the 20%
discount to take into account the forced sale value, the hypothetical bailiff
could have seized items that would have a market value of $35,725.88 so as to
satisfy the judgment debt. Although this figure is used for the purposes of
calculating the loss, we emphasise that the Second Respondent was not required
to seize items with a value that would coincide with this figure because a
bailiff will only be liable for excessive seizure if the seizure was obviously
excessive or clearly disproportionate to the debt (see above at [29]). The
excessive seizure caused the Appellant a loss of $96,448.12, being the
difference between the market value ($132,174) and the value of the items that
should have been seized to satisfy the judgment debt ($35,725.88).

(2) Reasonable _and_ honest discretion

33 We are of the view that the Second Respondent plainly did not exercise a
reasonable discretion in estimating what the goods would realise at an auction
when he chose how much of the Appellant’s property to seize, so as to avoid
excessive seizure. The one consistently disturbing thread in his testimony was
his obvious confusion as to the nature and value of the items he was seizing,
as well as the quantity of goods seized. When asked by the Judge whether he
knew how much items were seized, he replied “I got no idea what item I
seized”. His lack of even a basic understanding of the nature and value of the
seized items was starkly underscored during cross-examination, when he
admitted that he was unable to describe the seized items in the inventory
annexed to Form 94 and had to rely on Eugene Lim and some other workers who
were also on the premises to pen the description:

Q:Okay. Now, if it is machine to cut timber … Why did you describe it as, “All
machineries and parts of timber”?

A:Because on---on that list---because on---_the only conclusion given to me
is, er, from the representative and from this, er, from this---this, er,
peoples around_ their---I mean the persons there.

Q:Okay.

A:But if I have to---thinking I---if I---_if I want to take myself, I cannot
---I cannot describe the things, whether it’s a machine or what_ \---because
---that’s why I have to confirm with the representative and the---this, er,
people there.

[emphasis added]

34 What we found troubling was the Second Respondent’s failure to take even
basic steps to ensure the accurate seizure of items in the face of his
inexperience and lack of familiarity with the subject matter of the seizure.
It bears emphasising that while a bailiff is not obliged to obtain independent
valuation in every case, he must, at the very least, have a basic grasp of the
nature and value of what he is seizing in order to avoid an excessive seizure.
Surely, the Second Respondent could not have properly carried out a process of
“selecting” the items to be seized when he had absolutely no idea what he was
seizing and entirely relied on Eugene Lim. His own admission as to his
unfamiliarity with the items he was seizing also rendered unconvincing his
insistence that he had independently appraised the items at Bays A2 and A3. On
the contrary, the fact that the Second Respondent seized only some of the
items in Bays A2 and A3 but not all of the items in Bays A2 and A3, coupled
with his lack of a basic understanding of the nature and value of the seized
items, only go to show that the seizure was an arbitrary process.

35 Further, we find persuasive the Appellant’s contention that the Second
Respondent had allowed himself to be entirely “directed” by Eugene Lim as he
had appeared content to rely on the latter’s vague description of the seized
items, and had not attempted to even begin to seek more specific details to
enable him to accurately complete the inventory annexed to Form 94:

Q:… let’s come back to you asked Eugene what are all these items? Okay, now
_what did he tell you were these items?_

A: _Some sort of machinery._

…

Q:… Did you ask him to be more specific as to what type of machinery it is?

A:And that he’s---after he’s told me that it’s some sort of machineries, I
will check and then look at him, he’s not there.

Q:… _Did you then go to see him wherever he was … to ask him again, what are
these machinery parts?_ …

A: _I didn’t ask for that._

[emphasis added]

36 This was highly unsatisfactory since the inventory annexed to Form 94 is
absolutely vital for all parties involved in the execution process. It forms
part of the notice of seizure and provides tangible evidence of _what debt_ is
being enforced and on _what goods_ this enforcement has been effected (John
Kruse, _Sources of Bailiff Law_ (PP Publishing, 2012) (“ _Sources of Bailiff
Law_ ”) at p 109). It _inter alia_ protects the execution creditor by showing
the items against which the debt is secured, enables a debtor to take court
action if goods not included in the inventory were removed and sold, and
enables third party claimants to the seized goods to initiate court action.
_Vis-à-vis_ the bailiff, the inventory also forms part of the evidence that a
levy has taken place and serves to guide the bailiff during his subsequent
removal of the goods for sale (_Sources of Bailiff Law_ at p 110). In this
regard, it is crucial that the stated inventory be precise and not vague.
Regrettably, the Second Respondent’s lackadaisical attitude in effecting the
seizure was again reflected when he failed to draw Eugene Lim’s attention to
his description of the seized items in the inventory annexed to Form 94
(which, as mentioned at [10] above, was in error) despite his unfamiliarity
with the subject of seizure.

37 Although not directly relevant to the issue of excessive seizure, we
observe that the Second Respondent’s conduct _vis-à-vis_ the auction also left
much to be desired. It transpired during cross-examination that he was unaware
that the Auctioneer had not inspected the seized items before preparing the
advertisement. Instead, he appeared quite content to assume that the necessary
inspection had been carried out:

Q:When [the Auctioneer] sent you the draft advertisement, did you ask him
whether he has gone to the site to inspect the goods or not? Did you ask him?

A:No.

Q:Right. When you got the draft advertisement, you thought that the auctioneer
had gone to the site, inspected and came to a---this---to an agreement with
your description, so he put it on the---is that correct?

A:Yes.

38 We note the practice requirement that auctioneers are to inspect the goods
before preparing the advertisement for auction. The Second Respondent did not
check whether this inspection had been duly completed by the Auctioneer
despite his knowledge of such a requirement:

Q:… before you did the seizure here, is it the practice that the Court
requires the auctioneer to go down, inspect and then prepare the
advertisement?

A:Actually by right, it’s yes, but---but, mm, the Bailiff did not do that and
then---and then suddenly the Chief Bailiff realised that, then they give
instruction to inspect the---to inspects the item first.

Q:Okay. So what you are saying is actually the Bailiffs are supposed to do
that but they had not been doing it and the Chief Bailiff realised it after
this case---

A:Yah.

Q:\---and instructed the Bailiffs to comply with that requirement---

A:Yah.

39 This was an unsatisfactory state of affairs when viewed in the light of the
fact that the Second Respondent had absolutely no idea precisely what he had
seized and what the value of those items might have been. Common prudence
would have required that he at least checked that the Auctioneer had inspected
the seized items before adopting the description set out in the inventory
annexed to Form 94.

40 In the circumstances, we are of the view that the Second Respondent _did
not exercise a reasonable discretion in estimating what the goods would
realise at auction_ when he chose how much of the Appellant’s property to
seize, so as to avoid excessive seizure. Therefore, the defence to excessive
seizure does not apply, and the Second Respondent is not exempt from liability
for excessive seizure.

Issue 2

41 Counsel for the Second Respondent, Mr Chou Sean Yu (“Mr Chou”), accepts
that the Second Respondent could have done more to find out about the nature
and value of the seized items. However, he argues that s 68(2) of the
Subordinate Courts Act nonetheless absolved the Second Respondent of any
liability in this case.

42 Mr Cheong disagrees, arguing that s 68(2) of the Subordinate Courts Act
deals only with “excess of authority claims” and does not deal with breach of
common law duties. This argument is, however, difficult to follow, since
excessive seizure is but one example of an unauthorised execution in excess of
authority (_Halsbury’s Australia_ at para 325–9915 and _Cook v Palmer_ (1827)
108 ER 623 (KB) at 624).

43 For easy reference, s 68 of the Subordinate Courts Act is set out in full:

**Protection of judicial and other officers**

68.—(1) A judicial officer shall not be liable to be sued for any act done by
him in the discharge of his judicial duty whether or not within the limits of
his jurisdiction, provided that he at the time in good faith believed himself
to have jurisdiction to do or order the act complained of.

(2) _No officer of a subordinate court charged with the duty of executing any
writ_ , summons, warrant, order, notice or other mandatory process of the
subordinate courts _shall be liable to be sued for the execution of or
attempting to execute such writ_ , summons, warrant, order, notice or other
mandatory process, or in respect of any damage caused to any property in
effecting or attempting to effect execution _, unless he knowingly acted in
excess of the authority conferred upon him by such writ_ , summons, warrant,
order, notice or other mandatory process of the court in question.

(3) An officer of a subordinate court shall not be deemed to have acted
knowingly in excess of his authority merely by reason of the existence of a
dispute as to the ownership of any property seized under any writ or order of
execution.

(4) No judicial officer, officer of a subordinate court or court-appointed
mediator shall be liable to be sued for an act done by him for the purposes of
any mediation or other alternative dispute resolution process conducted by him
in a subordinate court, if the act —

(_a_) was done in good faith; and

(_b_) did not involve any fraud or wilful misconduct on his part.

[emphasis added]

Scope of s 68(2) of the Subordinate Courts Act

44 In construing the scope of s 68(2) of the Subordinate Courts Act,
consideration must be given to the “occupational hazard” faced by bailiffs of
_inter alia_ seizing goods not belonging to the execution debtor (Claire
Sandbrook, _Enforcement of a Judgment_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2011) at
para 12–149). Protection of the bailiffs against such risks must however be
also fairly balanced against the need to protect private rights affected by
the bailiffs’ actions (Balkin & Davis, _Law of Torts_ (LexisNexis
Butterworths, 4th Ed, 2009) at para 6.48). Against this backdrop, how far does
s 68(2) of the Subordinate Courts Act extend? Does it cloak the Second
Respondent with immunity from liability arising from his numerous lapses?
Specifically, does it protect the Second Respondent from liability arising
from his excessive seizure?

45 We are of the view that a proper reading of s 68(2) of the Subordinate
Courts Act is that the protection extends to excessive seizure claims. Indeed,
no liability would attach to a bailiff who seized excessively unless he had
done so “knowingly”, a finding which does not appear to be supported by the
state of evidence here.

(1) Legislative history of s 68(2) Subordinate Courts Act

46 Historically, the relevant provisions for the protection of judicial and
other officers were first set out in ss 84 and 86 of the Straits Settlement
Ordinance No 17 of 1934 (“the 1934 Ordinance”) as follows:

_Protection of Judicial and other officers_

**84.—(I**) No Judge, District Judge, Assistant District Judge, Police
Magistrate, Coroner, Justice of the Peace or other person acting judicially
shall be liable to be sued in any Civil Court for any act done by him in the
discharge of his judicial duty, whether or not within the limits of his
jurisdiction, nor shall any order for costs be made against him, provided that
he at the time in good faith believed himself to have jurisdiction to do or
order the act complained of.

(2) No officer of any Court or other person bound to execute the lawful
warrants or orders of any Judge, District Judge, Assistant District Judge,
Police Magistrate, Coroner, Justice of the Peace or other person acting
judicially shall be liable to be sued in any Civil Court for the execution of
any warrant or order which he would be bound to execute if within the
jurisdiction of the person issuing the same.

…

**86**. _No Sheriff, bailiff or other person authorised to execute the process
of any Court shall be liable to an action for breach of duty for damages_
**_beyond the amount of the loss which his breach of duty has occasioned_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

47 Section 84 of the 1934 Ordinance was retained as s 105 of the Straits
Settlement Ordinance 1955 (Cap 3) (“the 1955 Ordinance”), though s 86 of the
1934 Ordinance was left out of the 1955 Ordinance:

Protection of Judicial and other Officers

**105.** —(1) No Judge, District Judge, Magistrate, Coroner, Justice of the
Peace or other person acting judicially shall be liable to be sued in any
civil court for any act done by him in the discharge of his judicial duty,
whether or not within the limits of his jurisdiction, nor shall any order for
costs be made against him, provided that he at the time in good faith believed
himself to have jurisdiction to do or order the act complained of.

(2) No officer of any court or other person bound to execute the lawful
warrants or orders of any Judge, District Judge, Magistrate, Coroner, Justice
of the Peace or other person acting judicially shall be liable to be sued in
any civil court for the execution of any warrant or order which he would be
bound to execute if within the jurisdiction of the person issuing the same.

48 A complete revamp of these provisions was eventually introduced by way of s
68 of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 14, 1970 Rev Ed) (“the 1970 Act”), which
read as follows:

**68.** —(1) A judicial officer shall not be liable to be sued for any act
done by him in the discharge of his judicial duty whether or not within the
limits of his jurisdiction, provided that he at the time in good faith
believed himself to have jurisdiction to do or order the act complained of.

(2) **_No officer of a subordinate court charged with the duty of executing
any writ, summons, warrant, order, notice or other mandatory process of the
subordinate courts shall be liable_** _to be sued for the execution of or
attempting to execute such writ, summons, warrant, order, notice or other
mandatory process, or in respect of any damage caused to any property in
effecting or attempting to effect execution_** _, unless he knowingly acted in
excess of the authority_** _conferred upon him by such writ, summons, warrant,
order, notice or other mandatory process of the court in question, and he
shall not be deemed to have acted knowingly in excess of his authority_ merely
by reason of the existence of a dispute as to the ownership of any property
seized under any writ or order of execution.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

49 These provisions remain intact in the present edition of the Subordinate
Courts Act, save that s 68(2) of the 1970 Act is now split into two sub-
sections as ss 68(2) and 68(3) of the present Subordinate Courts Act. There is
no Parliamentary guidance as to how this provision ought to be construed as
the provision was not discussed in Parliament when the Subordinate Courts Bill
was introduced in 1970. Some assistance may however be drawn from a comparison
of analogous provisions abroad.

“for the execution of or attempting to execute such writ”

50 Inspiration for the drafting of ss 68(1) and 68(2) of the Subordinate
Courts Act may have come from a similar provision in India’s Judicial
Officers’ Protection Act 1850 (“the Indian Act”), which reads:

**Non liability to suit of officers acting judicially, for official acts done
in good faith, and of officers executing warrants and orders**

1\. No Judge, Magistrate, Justice of the Peace, Collector or other person
acting judicially shall be liable to be sued in any Civil Court for any act
done or ordered to be done by him in the discharge of his judicial duty,
whether or not within the limits of his jurisdiction: Provided that he at the
time in good faith, believed himself to have jurisdiction to do or order the
act complained of;

and _no officer of any Court or other person, bound to execute the lawful
warrants or orders of any such Judge, Magistrate, Justice of Peace, Collector
or other person acting judicially shall be liable to be sued in any Civil
Court, for the execution of any warrant or order, which he would be bound to
execute, if within the jurisdiction of the person issuing the same._

[emphasis added]

51 The first part of the Indian Act, which confers judicial immunity on
judicial officers, is broadly similar to s 68(1) of the Subordinate Courts
Act: to invoke the exemption, the judicial officer has to show that he had in
good faith believed he had jurisdiction. The latter part of the Indian Act
extends protection to court officers, such protection being derivative of or
ancillary to the immunity conferred on judicial officers (Law Commission of
India, _One Hundred and Fourth Report on the Judicial Officers’ Protection
Act, 1850_ (10 October 1984) at para 1.2, and Abimbola A Olowofoyeku, _Suing
Judges: A Study of Judicial Immunity_ (Clarendon Press, 1993) at pp 114-115),
and is replicated in s 14(2) of the Malaysian Courts of Judicature Act 1964
(“the Malaysian Act”), which reads:

No officer of any court or other person bound to execute the lawful warrants
or orders of any Judge or other person acting judicially shall be liable to be
sued in any civil court _for the execution_ of any warrant or order which he
would be bound to execute if within the jurisdiction of the person issuing the
same. [emphasis added]

52 This derivative immunity in s 14(2) of the Malaysian Act is however less
broad, and only extends to the _act of executing_ the order as opposed to the
_manner of its execution_ , with the consequence that an officer of court who
carries out the execution negligently is _not_ protected because the
negligence relates to the manner of execution, rather than just the act of
execution (_Wong Cheong Kai and ors v Hongkong & Shanghai Bank & anor_ [1996]
4 CLJ 114 (HC Malaya, Ipoh) at 121).

53 Apart from s 14(2) of the Malaysian Act which provides protection “for the
execution” of court orders, there is, additionally, s 14(3) of the Malaysian
Act, which protects sheriffs and bailiffs in respect of damage caused “in
effecting, or attempting to effect the execution”:

No sheriff, bailiff or other officer of the Court charged with the duty of
executing any judgment, order or warrant of distress, or of attaching any
property before judgment, shall be liable to be sued in any civil court _in
respect of any property seized by him, or in respect of damage caused to any
property in effecting, or attempting to effect the seizure_ , unless it shall
appear that he knowingly acted in excess of the authority conferred upon him
by the writ, warrant or order in question, and he shall not be deemed to have
acted knowingly in excess of his authority merely by reason of knowing of the
existence of a dispute as to the ownership of the property so seized.
[emphasis added]

54 On its face, “in effecting, or attempting to effect the seizure” in s 14(3)
of the Malaysian Act embraces a wider range of situations than “the execution”
referred to in s 14(2) of the Malaysian Act. This suggests that s 14(3) of the
Malaysian Act may extend protection to the _manner of execution_ , rather than
just _the act of executing_ the order. Since s 68(2) of the Subordinate Courts
Act is similar to s 14(3) of the Malaysian Act as both provisions refer to “in
effecting, or attempting to effect”, rather than just “the execution”, this
supports the proposition that the bailiff’s immunity under s 68(2) of the
Subordinate Courts Act extends to the manner of the execution, rather than
being merely confined to the act of executing. Since excessive seizure on the
part of the bailiff relates to the manner of the execution, this lends support
to Mr Chou’s submission that s 68(2) of the Subordinate Courts Act protects
bailiffs from liability arising from excessive seizure committed in the course
of executing a writ.

55 Further, we find persuasive the contention that “the execution of or
attempting to execute” and “in effecting or attempting to effect execution” in
s 68 of the Subordinate Courts Act can be read widely to include a bailiff’s
excessive seizure relating to the manner of execution. Two Indian Supreme
Court cases give some tangential guidance on this issue (see _Anowar Hussain v
Ajoy Kumar Mukherjee and others_ AIR 1965 SC 1651 and _Rachapudi Subba Rao v
Advocate-General, AP_ (1981) 2 SCR 320 (“ _Rachapudi_ ”)). They affirm that
“jurisdiction” in the Indian Act encompassed the erroneous _exercise of_
jurisdiction, although this was not explicitly set out in the Indian Act. As
was astutely observed by the court in _Rachapudi_ at 325-326:

The expression “jurisdiction” in this Section has not been used in the limited
sense of the term, as connoting the ”power” to do or order to do the
particular act complained of, but is used in a wide sense as meaning
“generally the authority of the Judicial Officer to act in the matters”.
Therefore, if the judicial officer had the general authority to enter upon the
enquiry into the cause, action, petition or other proceeding _in the course of
which_** _the impugned act was done or ordered by him in his judicial
capacity, the act, even if erroneous, will still be within his
‘jurisdiction’_** , and the mere fact that it was erroneous will not put it
beyond his “jurisdiction”. _Error in the exercise of jurisdiction is not to be
confused with lack of jurisdiction in entertaining the cause or proceeding_.
It follows that if the judicial officer is found to have been acting in the
discharge of his judicial duties, then, in order to exclude him from the
protection of this statute, the complainant has to establish that (1) the
judicial officer complained against was acting without any jurisdiction
whatsoever, and (2) he was acting without good faith in believing himself to
have jurisdiction. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

56 Given the broad language of s 68(2) of the Subordinate Courts Act, which
refers to “the execution of or attempting to execute such writ”, and reading
the provision expansively, we agree with the Judge that the protection
provided under s 68(2) of the Subordinate Courts Act extends to excessive
seizure claims _“unless [the bailiff] knowingly acted in excess of the
authority”_ [emphasis added]. Even if the bailiff exceeds his authority he
cannot be held responsible unless it is established that he had knowledge that
he was acting beyond his authority. It may be more difficult to establish such
wilfulness than the absence of good faith prescribed in s 68(1) of the
Subordinate Courts Act.

(2) The present facts

57 Flowing from the above analysis, a bailiff who would otherwise be liable
for excessive seizure is protected by s 68(2) of the Subordinate Courts Act.
The s 68(2) protection is only stripped where it could be said that the
bailiff had knowingly seized in excess of the judgment debt.

58 On the present facts, the Second Respondent could by no measure be said to
have “knowingly” caused such a state of affairs. Although he failed to take
reasonable steps to find out the nature and true worth of the seized items,
there was nothing in the “old and rusty” appearance of the seized items which
might have alerted him to any particular need for a valuer to be appointed.
Indeed, the old and rusty appearance was confirmed by several witnesses. In
these circumstances, we are not prepared to find that there were sufficient
facts suggesting to the Second Respondent that the seized items were in fact
highly valuable in themselves. In the light of the foregoing, the Second
Respondent is exempt from liability for excessive seizure, and the claim
against the Second Respondent is dismissed.

59 There is of course an understandable discomfort with according such wide
immunity to bailiffs since due consideration must also be given to the
debtor’s interests. As mentioned at [2] and [44] above, the protection of
bailiffs must be balanced against the need to protect the interests of
debtors. _In this regard, a “check” indeed exists by way of the potential
liability of the execution creditor who oversees the seizure without
adequately guiding the bailiff on the proper and accurate seizure of
property._ We pause here to observe that the general practice and procedures
observed by Subordinate Court bailiffs today are very different from those
ascribed to the Second Respondent. Better safeguards to protect debtors have
also been put in place. For instance, in addition to more rigorous recording
procedures of seized items, digital records are also maintained. Every bailiff
now utilises a digital camera to take photographs of seized items. This allows
written records to be independently verified in the event of a dispute.
Further, for cases involving the sale of unusual or more valuable items, an
independent valuer will be appointed to make an assessment. Bailiffs are also
now more rigorously trained and supervised, and there is closer oversight of
their work by judicial officers to ensure that best practices are observed.
Taking these developments into account, we are minded to sound a note of
caution to future debtors and counsel who might be tempted to extend the ambit
of the legal principles we have stated here on excessive seizures – it will be
necessary to present a clear case supported by proper valuations (and not
vague estimations) that the impugned seizure is plainly excessive.

Issue 3

60 This brings us to the third issue. Can the Appellant nevertheless recover
against the First Respondent on the ground that the Second Respondent was the
First Respondent’s agent for the purposes of the seizure and sale?

61 Before us, Counsel for the First Respondent, Mr Daniel Koh, rightly
conceded that the protection extended to the Second Respondent under s 68(2)
of the Subordinate Courts Act would not absolve the First Respondent from
liability, if any arose by reason of agency or otherwise. This concession was
rightly made, since the immunity under s 68(2) of the Subordinate Courts Act
is narrowly focussed only on absolving the procedural conduct of the court
officer concerned. There is no doubt that the Second Respondent, the actual
doer of the wrongful act, did commit the tort. As soon as the tort was
committed, a cause of action against both the First and Second Respondents
vested in the Appellant (see P S Atiyah, _Vicarious Liability in the Law of
Torts_ (Butterworths, 1967) (“ _Vicarious Liability_ ”) at pp 8 and 307), and
although the cause of action against the latter had been statutorily expunged
by virtue of s 68(2) of the Subordinate Courts Act, the same cannot be said in
relation to the former.

The role of the bailiff vis-à-vis the execution creditor

62 The Judge held, and the parties accept, that a bailiff is not typically the
agent of the execution creditor. This was the position set out in _Curtis v
Metro-Goldwyn-Meyer (Oriental) Inc_ [1931] SSLR 42 (“ _Curtis_ ”), where the
Straits Settlements Supreme Court held that the sheriff acting under a valid
writ of seizure and sale was in no sense the servant or agent of the execution
creditor “who merely sets the Court in motion”. That does not, however, mean
that an agency relationship can never arise. By the following observation, the
court in _Curtis_ rightly left the door open for an execution creditor to be
found liable where the execution creditor actively participates in the
execution by the bailiff (at 51–52):

If the execution-creditor does not mislead the sheriff, and _takes no such
active part in the actual execution as to identify himself with any wrongful
acts of the sheriff_ or his officers or agents committed in the course of the
execution of the writ, then he is not liable or responsible for such wrongful
acts. [emphasis added]

(1) The position in England

63 The law as stated in _Curtis_ is consistent with the English authorities.
The default position is that the bailiff is not the execution creditor’s
agent, but a “public functionary” with much wider responsibilities to those
who set him in motion as well as those against whom the writs are directed
(_Hooper v Lane_ [1857] 6 HLC 442 at 549-550, _In re A Debtor (No 2 of 1977)_
[1979] 1 WLR 956 at 961). As aptly put by Greer LJ in _Williams v Williams &
Nathan_ [1937] 2 All ER 559 (“ _Williams_ ”) at 561A, it is “clear to
demonstration” that a bailiff executing a judgment of the court acted on
behalf of the court as an officer of the court, and not as agent of the
judgment creditor (see, also, _Wilson v Tumman_ (1843) 6 Man & G 236 (“
_Wilson v Tumman_ ”) at 243). This explains why the bailiff need only have
regard to the execution creditor’s instructions “so far as they are
reasonable” (_In re Crook_ (1894) 63 LJ QB 756 at 757), and why goods seized
by him are held in custody of the law, and not in the execution creditor’s
possession (_Baylis v Bishop of London_ [1913] 1 Ch 127 at 141).

64 An agency relationship can nonetheless arise exceptionally where it is
shown that the execution creditor intervened to make the bailiff do something
which is not legitimately covered by the writ (_Williams_ at 561), _ie_ ,
where the bailiff acts not under the writ, but on the execution creditor’s
directions falling outside the scope of the writ. Otherwise, the default
position remains and the bailiff will be deemed to be acting on behalf of the
court. Sir Evershed MR noted in _Barclays Bank Ltd v Roberts_ [1954] 3 All ER
107 (“ _Barclays Bank_ ”) at 112 (see, also, observations by Jenkins LJ in
_Barclays Bank_ at 113, _Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
19th Ed, 2010) (“ _Bowstead & Reynolds_”) at p 504, fn 1164, and _Vicarious
Liability_ at p 136) that:

_There is no question here, as it seems to me, such as was in the mind of
Greer LJ, of the sheriff of his officers departing, at the instance of a
judgment creditor, from the terms of the writ of execution. The sheriff’s
officers adhered throughout to the strict terms and command of the writ of
possession and, having done so, must prima facie at any rate, on the authority
of Williams v Williams & Nathan, be treated as having acted independently of
the landlord and as officers of the court._ As a matter of principle, it seems
to me impossible that the character and quality of their actions were entirely
altered because they sought advice and then chose to act on that advice … They
cannot, in my judgment, be converted into agents of the persons on whose
behalf the advisors were acting … unless, at the very least, it were shown
that the sheriff’s officers made it plain that their subsequent actions were
only undertaken on the basis of that other person assuming responsibility
therefor. [emphasis added]

65 This appears to be nothing more than the expression of the general
principle, as stated in _Bowstead & Reynolds_ at para 8–176, that a person is
liable for torts committed by another which he specifically instigates or
authorises (see also _Law of Seizure of Goods_ at p 71). As Tindal CJ
explained in _Wilson v Tumman_ at 244 (endorsed in _Morris v Salberg_ (1889)
LR QB 614 (“ _Morris”_) at 620, _Woollen v Wright_ (1862) 1 H & C 555 at
561-562):

_If the [execution creditor] had directed the sheriff to take [the plaintiffs’
goods], under a valid writ, requiring him to take the goods of another person
than the [execution debtor], such previous direction would undoubtedly have
made him a trespasser, on the principle that all who procure a trespass to be
done are trespassers themselves, and the sheriff would be supposed not to have
taken the goods merely under the authority of the writ, but as the servant of
the plaintiff._ But where the sheriff, acting under a valid writ by the
command of the Court and as the servant of the Court, seizes the wrong
person’s goods, a subsequent declaration by [the execution creditor],
ratifying and approving the taking, cannot … alter the character of the
original taking, and make it a wrongful taking by [the execution creditor].
[emphasis added]

Similar comments were made by Jessel MR in _Smith v Keal_ (1882) 9 QBD 340 (“
_Smith_ ”) at 351:

It is the sheriff’s duty to levy execution on the goods of the judgment
debtor. _If therefore the [judgment creditor’s] solicitor interferes, and
directs the sheriff to levy on the goods of another person, he is answerable
on the same principle as any one else who directs a trespass._ Though the
sheriff is an officer of the law he is liable if he commits a trespass, and
any one who joins in the trespass is equally liable. … It is not the province
of the [judgment creditor’s] solicitor to interfere with the sheriff. The
sheriff must ascertain himself whether the goods he seizes are the judgment
debtor’s goods. [emphasis added]

66 The “agency” referred to in this context therefore does not impose on the
bailiff the usual duties of an agent, but operates only to make the execution
creditor liable for the bailiff’s misconduct (Tamara Buckwold, “From Sherwood
Forest to Saskatchewan: The Role of the Sheriff in a Redesigned Judgment
Enforcement System” (2003) 66 Sask L Rev 219 at fn 66). As noted in _Vicarious
Liability_ at p 136:

It is to be noted, in the first place, that a sheriff, in executing a judgment
for a court in the ordinary way is not an agent of the judgment creditor for
whose acts the creditor can be held liable. If, for example, in executing a
writ of _fi. fa._ the sheriff simply seizes the wrong person’s goods the
creditor is not liable. **_And though there are many cases in which the
creditor has been held liable for a wrongful seizure they can all be explained
as cases in which the creditor has given specific instructions to the sheriff
as to the goods to be seized, or the place where they are to be found,
etc._****In such circumstances**** _the creditor becomes liable on the ground
that he has himself authorised the specific conduct which turns out to be
tortious._** These are not cases of vicarious liability, for it has been
repeatedly said that the sheriff acts as an officer or agent of the court and
not of the creditor in executing its judgments. [emphasis added in bold
italics]

(2) The position in Australia

67 There are comparatively few Australian cases discussing the relationship
between the bailiff and the execution creditor. The available authorities are
however in line with the position in England, as set out from [63]–[65] above.
It is, for instance, recognised that the bailiff is an officer of the court
(_Halsbury’s Australia_ at para 325-9905 and _Owen v Daly_ [1955] VLR 442 (“
_Owen_ ”) at 448-449) who is duty bound to act reasonably with due regard to
the interests of both the judgment creditor and judgment debtor. As Dean J
observed in _Owen_ at 446 (endorsed in _Kousal Suncorp-Metway Limited_ [2011]
VSC 312 at [35] and _Zhipping Zhou v Ronald Geoffrey Kousal and ors_ [2012]
VSC 187 at [93]):

It is, I think, clearly established that at common law a sheriff selling the
chattels, including chattels real, of a judgment debtor is bound to act
reasonably in the interests of the judgment creditor and of the judgment
debtor in order to obtain a fair price, not necessarily the market value, for
it is well recognized that compulsory sales under legal process rarely bring
the full value of the property sold … _The duty of the sheriff to act
reasonably with due regard to the interests of both sides_ and his liability
in damages if he fails to exercise reasonable care has been frequently stated.
[emphasis added]

68 As with the position in England, a judgment creditor may nonetheless be
exposed to liability in damages resulting from wrongful seizure if he or his
solicitor gives misleading directions to the bailiff charged with the
execution (_Halsbury’s Australia_ at para 3259-915). This principle was also
recognised by Stone J in _Sparrow v Cornell_ (1900) 2 WALR 78 (“ _Sparrow_ ”)
at 79:

It is true that in certain cases a direction by the solicitor on the writ,
although it forms no portion of the writ, may involve the liability of his
client. For instance, in this case _the endorsement on the writ that the
execution debtor was a patent agent who resides in Perth, might have made the
execution creditor liable in the event of the debtor not being such an agent,
because the Sheriff might have been misled into seizing at the debtor’s
office_. [emphasis added]

(3) The adverse authorities

69 There are two cases which contradict the position that a bailiff is
generally not an agent of the execution creditor. The Appellant has quite
rightly refrained from relying on these authorities on appeal. However, for
good measure, we shall briefly explain why these two cases are not
authoritative.

70 The first case is _In re Caidan_ [1942] 1 Ch 90 (“ _Caidan_ ”), where the
court held (at 96) that the bailiff is an agent of the person levying
distress. It is important to note that _Caidan_ was decided in the context of
levying distress, which, unlike in Singapore, was a self-help remedy in
England. This is a difference which matters when conceptualising the role of
the bailiff _vis-à-vis_ the person for whom the writ is executed. As Judith
Prakash J explained with considerable clarity in _Ginsin Holdings Pte Ltd v
Tan Mui Khoon (trading as Chan Eng Soon Service) and another_ [1996] 3 SLR(R)
500 (“ _Ginsin_ ”), distress in Singapore is obtained only after judicial
intervention; a writ of distress has to be issued by court order and it is the
court bailiff who distrains the tenant’s chattels pursuant to the writ
(_Ginsin_ at [7] and [14]). The seizure of the goods is not, therefore,
directly effected by the landlord, but aided by the judicial interposition of
the court bailiff (_Ginsin_ at [17]).

71 In other words, writs of distress, like writs of seizure and sale, require
judicial intervention in Singapore. The execution creditor merely “sets the
court in motion”. The bailiff derives authority from the writ, not the
execution creditor. The manner in which the bailiff is expected to perform his
function is subject to the Rules of Court and not defined by ad hoc agreement
with the execution creditor. Viewed in this light, it becomes less intuitive
to regard the court bailiff as the agent of the execution creditor. _Caidan_
is therefore not useful for the purpose of defining the role of the bailiff in
Singapore. As the Hong Kong court in _Au Tak Chen v Li Hon Ming_ [1960] HKDCLR
247 held at 252-253:

[I]t is abundantly clear that distress for arrears of rent cannot be levied
except under a warrant of the Court, obtained under the provisions of the
[Distress for Rent Ordinance (Cap. 7)].

I am quite satisfied that the bailiff in the Colony is not, and cannot be said
to be the agent of a landlord except under certain circumstances an example of
which would be the case where the landlord himself is present at the time of
the levy and personally directs the bailiff what property to seize. _The
position of the bailiff in the levying of a distress by a landlord in England
is different from that of a bailiff in the Colony having regard to the
provisions of the Distress for Rent Ordinance (Cap. 7) whereunder the bailiff
acts under a distress warrant issued by the Court and acts therefore as an
officer of the Court_. [emphasis added]

72 The second case is _Heng Chyu Kee v Far East Square Pte Ltd_ [2001] 3
SLR(R) 651 (“ _Heng Chyu Kee_ ”), where the Singapore High Court observed that
a bailiff’s negligence in distraining property could expose the landlord to
liability as the bailiff distaining movable property was deemed to be the
landlord’s agent (_Heng Chyu Kee_ at [5]). However, the observation was
strictly _obiter_ -while the plaintiff rightly asserted that the writ of
distress had been negligently executed, her claim failed because she did not
prove her damages (_Heng Chyu Kee_ at [14]). Further, as the judge quite
rightly pointed out, the issue did not appear to have had been disputed in
_Heng Chyu Kee_ (at [25], [32] and [35] of the Judgment).

When will the creditor be liable for a bailiff’s wrong?

73 As set out above (see [62]–[72]), the starting point is that a bailiff is
not an agent of the execution creditor. However, the bailiff will be deemed to
be an agent for the purpose of assigning liability to the execution creditor
where the execution creditor takes an active part in the actual execution so
as to identify himself with any wrongful act of the bailiff. In other words,
the execution creditor who is found to be liable for the bailiff’s wrong may
be seen as a joint tortfeasor. The issue is then in what circumstances the
execution creditor can be said to have played a sufficiently active part in
the actual execution. Whether the execution creditor has played a sufficiently
active part in the execution is in the final analysis always a question of
fact, and clear evidence is required to establish this (_Smith_ at 350,
_Morris_ at 622).

74 Plainly, where the execution creditor directs the bailiff to seize items of
another person other than the debtor, the execution creditor is liable (see
_Wilson v Tumman_ , and _Smith_ , quoted at [65] above). For example, the
bailiff in _Chedin Mohamed Hashim v Teoh Ong Thor and Chew Chan Seng_ [1950]
16 MLJ 238 (“ _Chedin_ ”) seized and sold two lighters which the execution
creditor had personally pointed out. Significantly, the execution creditor
informed the bailiff that the two lighters were the debtor’s property, though
this turned out to be false. The plaintiff, to whom the lighters had been
mortgaged, successfully sued both the execution creditor and the purchaser for
conversion. The court in _Chedin_ held as follows (at 239):

The Bailiff gave evidence that the first defendant personally pointed out the
two lighters in question and _informed him that they were the property of [the
debtor]_.

…

... In the present case the first defendant personally indicated the goods of
plaintiff to the Sheriff and as they were not those of the execution debtor
the sale was wrongful and passed no title.

I find therefore that the sale of these tongkangs was wrongful and the
plaintiff is entitled to damages against the defendants for their conversion.

[emphasis added]

75 It is clear mere presence at the scene of execution, as in _Williams_ ,
would not render the execution creditor liable for the wrongful acts of the
bailiffs (Alastair Black, _Execution of a Judgment: including other methods of
enforcement_ (Oyez Publishing Limited, 6th Ed, 1979) (“ _Execution of a
Judgment_ ”) at p 59). The debtor in _Williams_ was wrongfully evicted by the
bailiff because a portion of the house he occupied was controlled by statute.
Greer LJ found that there was no evidence to show that any “special direction”
(at 561D) had been given to the bailiff which might make him the execution
creditor’s agent. Although the execution creditor, who was present at the time
of the eviction, did not tell the bailiff that part of the house was
controlled, this was in Greer LJ’s mind “quite different” (at 561H) from
saying that the execution creditor had instructed the bailiff to execute the
writ in an irregular manner.

76 However, where the execution creditor is present in a supervisory capacity
and fails to intervene to correct any error in the goods seized, the creditor
will be liable (_Execution of a Judgment_ at 59 citing _Meredith v Flaxman_
(1831) 5 Car & P 99 (“ _Meredith_ ”)). The plaintiff in _Meredith_ claimed
that the property seized by the bailiffs had belonged to him instead of the
execution debtor. The plaintiff sought to make the defendant execution
creditor liable for the wrongful seizure. Lord Lyndhurst CB instructed the
jury as follows (_Meredith_ at 101):

_If a man employing an officer chooses to attend with the officer, who seizes,
in his presence, the goods of a third person, under the execution he has sued
out, he makes himself responsible for the officer's act;_ but, _if he is not
there, and does not personally interfere in the matter, he is not liable._ The
questions, therefore, for your consideration will be, whether the goods said
to have been transferred were the property of [the plaintiff] or of [the
execution debtor]; and, if of [the execution debtor], then whether these
particular articles, viz. the two pictures and the table, were the property of
[the plaintiff], and were taken among the rest by the authority of [the
execution creditor]; for, if they were, then he is liable. It will be for you
to say, whether he was so acting as to identify himself with the particular
goods taken. As it seems to me, he ought to have pointed out to the officers
what was to be taken, and what not. He was there in communication with the
officers, and it appears to me, that by this he has made himself responsible
for their acts. _The question will be, whether these goods with the rest were
taken by the direct authority of [the execution creditor]; for, if they were,
then he will be liable; if not then these goods must share the same fate as
the rest. If you think [the execution creditor] left it entirely to the
officer and the broker to act according to their discretion, then he will not
be responsible._ [emphasis added]

77 Obviously, the execution creditor may only be said to have procured the
bailiff’s tort where the bailiff has effectively relied on the execution
creditor’s instructions in the discharge of his statutory responsibilities.
For example see, _Morris_ at 617 and _Lee v Rumilly_ (1891) 7 TLR 303 (“ _Lee_
”), where the execution creditors’ solicitors wrongly endorsed on the writs
statements that the debtor resided at certain addresses, which were in fact
those of third parties whose goods were thus seized. As the bailiffs in both
cases were misled by the solicitors’ endorsements, the execution creditors
were liable for trespass upon the third parties’ goods. As long as misleading
instructions, which in fact misled, were given, it did not matter that the
execution creditor did not mean to mislead the bailiff.

78 _Morris_ and _Lee_ may be contrasted against _Hewitt v Spiers and Pond
(Limited)_ [1896] 13 TLR 64, where misleading instructions were given to the
sheriff who was _not in fact misled_. Lord Esher MR held at 65 as follows:

Here the solicitors [of the execution creditor] did put the endorsement on the
writ. If the endorsement were such as might have misled the sheriff’s officer,
and he acted on it, the question whether the sheriff’s officer was in fact
misled would be for the jury. But it was proved in this case that the
sheriff’s officer twice abstained from acting on the endorsement and refused
to levy. _The endorsement therefore did not mislead him into acting. … [T]he
[creditors] were not liable by reason of the endorsement on the writ of fi.
fa., because the sheriff’s officer did not act upon it_ … [emphasis added]

Similarly, no liability was attached to the execution creditor in _Sparrow_
because the bailiff in that case had not in fact been misled. Stone J held at
79 as follows:

To shew, however, that the Sheriff was not misled, we have only to look at the
conduct of the Sheriff’s officer when putting the writ into operation. He went
in pursuance of that endorsement and seized goods at the office of the debtor,
but refrained from seizing elsewhere until he had obtained further directions.
It is clear, therefore, that the Sheriff was not misled into seizing at the
residence of the execution debtor by reason of the direction on the writ.

79 We shall now turn to the specific wrong of excessive seizure by the
bailiff. The issue to be addressed is when an execution creditor is considered
to have taken an active part in the actual execution so as to identify himself
with the bailiff’s excessive seizure. As stated above at [24], in Singapore,
the execution creditor or his representative is required to identify the
property to be seized by the bailiff. This is a crucial step of the process in
which the execution creditor has to take responsibility in identifying only
the appropriate amount of items owned by the judgment debtor to be seized, and
the execution creditor has thus assumed the risk of the bailiff’s excessive
seizure. _The bailiff who executes a writ is doing so on behalf of the court
and not as an agent of the execution creditor. However, when the execution
creditor takes an active part in the actual execution by identifying the items
to be seized, or assumes the responsibility for identifying the property to be
seized, the execution creditor assumes the risk of excessive seizure, and is
hence liable for any excessive seizure._ Indeed, there are cogent reasons why
an execution creditor should be held liable for the seizure of a
disproportionate amount of property. If Mr Koh were correct it would mean that
there would be a legal black hole in relation to legal liability for excessive
seizures. It seems to us on the basis of the above discussion that the law has
struck a sensible balance in apportioning responsibility for excessive
seizures to the execution creditor by mandating that the execution creditor
play an active part in the actual execution by taking responsibility of
identifying how much items are to be seized.

80 Nevertheless, as stated above at [26] to [27], any harshness is mitigated
by the fact that an execution creditor will not be liable for the bailiff’s
excessive seizure where the execution creditor exercised a reasonable and
honest discretion in estimating what the goods will realise at auction, so as
to avoid an excessive seizure.

The present facts

81 We are of the view that, considering the totality of Eugene Lim’s
involvement in the Second Respondent’s seizure of goods as the First
Respondent’s authorised representative, the First Respondent is liable for the
bailiff’s excessive seizure. It is crucial that Eugene Lim’s presence at the
warehouse be properly assessed in the context of the established facts
including the contemporaneous documents pertaining to the seizure. Those
documents unequivocally reveal the critical significance of his role at the
warehouse.

82 There was first the Writ (see [5] above), which instructed the bailiff to
seize the Appellant’s property as was to be identified by the First
Respondent. There was then the Indemnity (see [8] above), which acknowledged
the extent of the debt, authorised Eugene Lim to point out the Appellant’s
assets to be seized on the First Respondent’s behalf, and which indemnified
the Second Respondent against all claims arising from the execution. The
signing of the indemnity signifies a conscious assumption of risk. Most
crucially, there was the inventory annexed to Form 94 (see [10] above), which
erroneously described the seized items as “parts of timber” and Form 94
itself, which sets out the Second Respondent’s wholly inaccurate and
unjustifiable valuation of the seized item at $15,000. By signing off on the
inventory annexed to Form 94 and assuming direct responsibility therein for
“any wrongful seizure”, Eugene Lim (on behalf of the First Respondent) must be
taken to have also affirmed as appropriate for the purposes of satisfying the
judgment debt both the quantity of the seized items and the valuation made by
the Second Respondent in Form 94. The significance of Eugene Lim’s endorsement
of the same is better appreciated when one considers the Second Respondent’s
unqualified reliance on Eugene Lim to ensure that the seizure was in order,
which we find that he must have been aware of:

Q:… Why didn’t you ask Eugene for assistance in describing what had been
seized so that you can record that in the inventory instead?

…

A:Actually, I didn’t---I didn’t do that but I will ask only to---I ask him to
sign. I hope the---whatever I wrote is, er, right.

Q: _So your understanding is that when he signs whatever you’ve written---_

A:Mm.

Q: _\---then whatever you have written is right?_

A: _Yah._

Q: _So you’re asking him to confirm by signing?_

A: _Yes, yah. Yes, I agree._ He didn’t comment anything.

[emphasis added]

83 In these circumstances, we are of the view that Eugene Lim, being the
representative of the First Respondent, has taken an active part in the actual
execution as to identify himself with the bailiff’s excessive seizure.
Therefore, the First Respondent is liable for the bailiff’s excessive seizure.

84 As stated above (at [26]–[27]), an execution creditor will not be liable
for a bailiff excessive seizure if the execution creditor, when identifying
the debtor’s items to be seized, exercised a reasonable and honest discretion
in estimating what the goods will realise at auction, so as to avoid excessive
seizure. Based on the evidence of the Second Respondent, Eugene Lim pointed
him to the Appellant’s machinery in general at Bays A2 and A3, but was not by
the Second Respondent’s side when the actual seizure of the individual items
was taking place so as to identify the exact items to be seized. When the
Second Respondent sought Eugene Lim’s signature on the inventory annexed to
Form 94, he signed the inventory without checking the quantity or ascertaining
the value of items seized, nor did he correct the mistake in the inventory
list. In these circumstances, we are of the view that First Respondent did not
exercise a reasonable discretion in estimating what the goods would realise at
auction when he authorised how much of the judgment debtor’s property was to
be seized by the Second Respondent.

Conclusion

85 For the reasons above, we allow the appeal against the First Respondent.
The First Respondent shall be liable to the Appellant for the sum of
$96,448.12 less $19,523.45 (this sum is the balance sale proceeds which was
refunded to the Appellant). Interest on this sum fixed at 3% per annum from
the date of the filing of these proceedings to the date of this judgment of
the due amount is to be paid to the Appellant.

86 The appeal against the Second Respondent is dismissed.

87 The Appellant shall be entitled to the costs of these proceedings here and
below as against the First Respondent. We direct that, in the light of all the
established facts and considering the significance of the legal issues raised
in these proceedings which had not been authoritatively settled in the High
Court earlier, these costs are to be taxed on the High Court scale. Despite
the Appellant not succeeding against the Second Respondent, we direct that
there be no costs as between them here and below. We think it was reasonable
in the circumstances for it to have initiated these proceedings, considering
the serious lapses attributable to the Second Respondent and the unsettled
legal position in relation to his legal responsibility for same. The usual
consequential orders are to follow.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Mar 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

