Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Motherhood Pte Ltd _v_ Lau Elaine and others  
[2013] SGHC 258

Case Number| :| Suit No 720 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Wun Rizwi & Ow Shi Jack (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for
the plaintiff; Thomas Sim Yuan Po & Lee Xian Cong (Engelin Teh Practice LLC)
for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  MOTHERHOOD PTE LTD — LAU ELAINE — LIM POH HENG — TNAP SERVICES
LLP  
  
25 November 2013|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This was an action by Motherhood Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) against Lau
Elaine, Lim Poh Heng and TNAP Services LLP (“the Defendants”) for passing off
and under ss 55(2) and 55(3)(_a_) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev
Ed) (“TMA”). I reserved judgment after the trial and eventually dismissed the
Plaintiff’s claim on 3 October 2013. As the Plaintiff has filed an appeal, I
now give my full reasons.

The facts

2 Motherhood Magazine (“the Plaintiff’s Magazine”) is a monthly print
periodical dealing with issues relating to pregnancy, motherhood, parenting
and childcare (“parenting issues”). It has been published in Singapore since
1983 by Eastern Holdings Ltd and/or Eastern Publishing Pte Ltd (collectively,
“Eastern”). Since the formation of the Plaintiff in 1999, the Plaintiff’s
Magazine has been published by the Plaintiff and Eastern. The Plaintiff and
Eastern also publish other periodicals associated with the Plaintiff’s
Magazine on an annual basis under the names “Motherhood Baby Plus”,
“Motherhood Guide to Childcare” and “Motherhood Healthy Pregnancy”. In
addition, the Plaintiff and Eastern own and operate a website and a Facebook
page relating to the Plaintiff’s Magazine. Finally, since 1988, the Plaintiff
and Eastern have held an annual exhibition in Singapore under the “Motherhood”
mark promoting goods and services relating to parenting issues. For ease of
reference, I shall refer to the “Motherhood” and “Motherhood Magazine” marks
collectively as “the Motherhood Marks”.

3 On 15 May 2012, by way of an assignment agreement, Eastern assigned all
their rights, title and interest in the intellectual property of the business,
including the Motherhood Marks, to the Plaintiff.

4 The 1st and 2nd Defendants are husband and wife. The 3rd Defendant is a
limited liability partnership set up by them on 23 March 2009. From June 2009
to November 2011, the Defendants published an online periodical relating to
parenting issues (“the Defendants’ Magazine”). The Defendants’ Magazine was
named “Today’s Motherhood” (“the Disputed Mark”) and was published on a
website bearing the domain name of www.todaysmotherhood.com. It started out as
a monthly publication but was changed to a bi-monthly publication from
February 2010. The Defendants also created a Facebook page named “Today’s
Motherhood” on 17 June 2009.

5 In September 2011, the Defendants participated in a children enrichment and
education fair called “Star Kidz 2011”. They decided to print a one-off
special commemorative print issue of their magazine (“the Special Print
Issue”) to be distributed during the fair. The Special Print Issue was a
32-page A5 booklet consisting of the most-read articles from the Defendants’
Magazine. 5,000 copies were printed and distributed free of charge at the
fair.

6 On 28 September 2011, the Plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the Defendants
claiming that the Defendants’ use of the Disputed Mark constituted an act of
passing off. They demanded that the Defendants cease using any names that were
confusingly similar to the Motherhood Marks. The Defendants’ solicitors
replied on 14 October 2011 strongly denying all allegations of passing off.

7 In January 2012, the Defendants undertook a rebranding exercise in which
they changed the name of their magazine and Facebook page to “The New Age
Parents”. They also started the process of migrating their website to the new
domain name of www.thenewageparents.com (a process that was completed in mid-
March 2012). The Defendants’ solicitors then wrote to the Plaintiff’s
solicitors on 20 February 2012 to inform the Plaintiff of the rebranding
exercise. The letter made it clear that the rebranding exercise was without
admission of liability to any of the Plaintiff’s claims and without prejudice
to the Defendants’ right to resist the Plaintiff’s claims at the appropriate
forum.

8 However, the Plaintiff was not satisfied as back issues of the Defendants’
Magazine with the cover page bearing the Disputed Mark remained available to
the public on the Defendants’ website. Despite the fact that those back issues
were completely removed from the Defendants’ website by July 2012, the
Plaintiff commenced this suit against the Defendants on 29 August 2012.

9 I should add that although the Plaintiff’s Magazine has been published since
1983, the Plaintiff only applied to register “MOTHERHOOD” as a series of three
marks in the relevant class groups (including magazines and electronic
publications) on 23 May 2012 (“the Registered Motherhood Marks”). The
application was granted by the Intellectual Property Office of Singapore
(“IPOS”) on 4 July 2013 on the basis of acquired distinctiveness through use,
with the registration being effective from 23 May 2012. Consequently, the
Plaintiff did not claim for infringement of a registered trade mark under s 31
of the TMA.

Relief sought

10 The Plaintiff based its claim on the tort of passing off and ss 55(2) and
55(3)(_a_) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“TMA”), which allow
a proprietor of a “well known trade mark” to restrain by injunction the use of
its trade mark if the requirements of those sections were satisfied. The
Plaintiff sought the following relief:

(a) an injunction to restrain the Defendants, whether by themselves, their
officers, servants or agents, or licensees or any of them or otherwise
howsoever, from passing off by using the Disputed Mark or any other name which
is identical with or similar to the Motherhood Marks in the course of trade on
periodicals, whether in print or any other kind of media, that cover parenting
issues;

(b) an injunction to restrain the Defendants, whether by themselves, their
officers, servants or agents, or licensees or any of them or otherwise
howsoever, from using the Disputed Mark or any trade mark which, or an
essential part of which, is identical with or similar to the Motherhood Marks
in the course of trade, where such use is likely to cause confusion or is
likely to damage the Plaintiff’s interests;

(c) an inquiry as to the damages suffered by the Plaintiff or at its option an
account of the profits made by the Defendants from all the acts of passing off
and payment by the Defendants to the Plaintiff of all sums found due upon
assessment of the damages or profits at the inquiry;

(d) an order for erasure, removal or obliteration upon oath of all printed or
online matter, materials or articles in the possession, custody or control of
the Defendants, the use of which would be a breach of either of the foregoing
injunctions; and

(e) full discovery of all acts of passing off and trade mark infringement by
the Defendants.

My decision

Passing off

11 In order to establish passing off, the Plaintiff had to establish the
“classical trinity” of goodwill, misrepresentation and damage: _Novelty Pte
Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd and another_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 216 (“ _Amanresorts_ ”) at
[37]. Specifically, it had to prove that:

(a) it possessed goodwill in Singapore in its magazine business with which the
Motherhood Marks were associated;

(b) the Defendants had committed a misrepresentation that misled or was likely
to mislead a significant section of the relevant public that its goods were
actually those of, or were related to or associated with, the Plaintiff; and

(c) the Defendants’ misrepresentation had caused actual damage or was likely
to cause damage to the Plaintiff’s goodwill.

12 I will deal with each of these elements in turn.

Goodwill

13 I will only discuss this element briefly as the Defendants readily conceded
that the Plaintiff possessed goodwill in its business with which the
Motherhood Marks were associated.[note: 1]

14 Goodwill is defined as “the attractive force which brings in custom”: _The
Commissioners of Inland Revenue v Muller & Co.’s Margarine, Limited_ [1901] AC
217 at 224. Where goodwill is said to consist in a descriptive mark, the
plaintiff must establish that the descriptive mark “has become so well
associated with his goods or services such that [it] does not merely convey to
the purchasing public the _nature_ of his good or services but that they
_originated_ from him” [emphasis in original]: Susanna H S Leong,
_Intellectual Property Law of Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2013) at para
35.033.

15 Clearly, the word “motherhood” is descriptive of the Plaintiff’s goods and
services, which consist of periodicals and exhibitions dealing with parenting
issues. The question therefore was whether the Motherhood Marks have become so
well associated with the Plaintiff’s goods and services that they serve to
denote those goods and services as coming from the Plaintiff. In this regard,
it was undisputed that the Motherhood Marks have been used in association with
the Plaintiff’s business for decades. As mentioned at [2] above, the
Plaintiff’s Magazine has been published in Singapore under the Motherhood
Marks since 1983, and from 1988, annual exhibitions bearing the Motherhood
Marks have been organised to promote goods and services relating to parenting
issues. The Motherhood Marks have also been advertised on various media in
Singapore in relation to the Plaintiff’s Magazine and the annual exhibitions —
for example, the Plaintiff tendered evidence that it had spent a total of at
least US$93,000 and S$181,203 on such advertising in 2011. Finally, the
Plaintiff relied on the fact that the Registrar of Trade Marks had granted
registration of the Registered Motherhood Marks (see [9] above) on the basis
of acquired distinctiveness through use.

16 Given these circumstances, I accepted that the goodwill element was
satisfied.

Misrepresentation

17 The Plaintiff alleged that by using the Disputed Mark, the Defendants had
made a misrepresentation that the Defendants’ Magazine, webpage and Facebook
page were those of the Plaintiff or were associated with or connected with the
Plaintiff. In determining whether this misrepresentation was made out, two
important issues arose for my decision: (a) whether the Motherhood Marks
should receive a lesser degree of protection, and (b) whether the relevant
segment of the public was likely to be confused by the Disputed Mark.

(1) Should the Motherhood Marks receive a lesser degree of protection?

18 It is well-established that a descriptive mark will generally receive a
lesser degree of protection, such that small differences may be sufficient to
enable a defendant to avoid liability: _The Singapore Professional Golfers’
Association v Chen Eng Waye and others_ [2013] 2 SLR 495 (“ _SPGA_ ”) at [55].
The Defendants argued that this general rule applied here. They cited five
cases where the courts had refused to grant relief in passing off or trademark
infringement claims where the plaintiff’s mark consisted of or included a
descriptive term:

(a) In _Super Coffeemix Manufacturing Ltd v Unico Trading Pte Ltd and another
and another appeal_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 214, the Court of Appeal held that “SUPER
COFFEEMIX” was sufficiently different from “INDOCAFE Coffeemix”, when applied
to instant coffee mixes.

(b) In _Lifestyle 1.99 Pte Ltd v S$1.99 Pte Ltd (trading as ONE.99 SHOP)_
[2000] 1 SLR(R) 687 (“ _Lifestyle 1.99_ ”), the Court of Appeal held that
“Lifestyle 1.99” was not confusingly similar to “ONE.99 Shop”, when applied to
shops that sold goods at a fixed price of $1.99.

(c) In _Doctor's Associates Inc v Lim Eng Wah (trading as SUBWAY NICHE)_
[2012] 3 SLR 193, the High Court held that there was no likelihood of
confusion between “SUBWAY” and “Subway niche” when applied to shops that sold
sandwiches.

(d) In _The Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In Department Store Pte Ltd_ [2006] 2
SLR(R) 690, the Court of Appeal held that “POLO” and “POLO PACIFIC” were not
similar, nor were they likely to cause confusion, when applied to clothing,
handbags and shoes.

(e) In _Ozone Community Corp v Advance Magazine Publishers Inc_ [2010] 2 SLR
459, the High Court held that “GLAMOUR” (when applied to a fashion magazine)
and “HYSTERIC GLAMOUR” (when applied to fashion apparel and accessories) were
visually and aurally dissimilar, and were unlikely to cause confusion.

19 But the complication in this case was that the Defendants had accepted that
the Plaintiff _did_ possess goodwill in the goods and services associated with
the Motherhood Marks, thereby implicitly conceding that the Motherhood Marks,
although descriptive in nature, had acquired a secondary meaning and had come
to be associated with the Plaintiff’s goods and services. Thus, the issue
before me was whether the Motherhood Marks should receive a lesser degree of
protection _assuming_ that they had acquired such a secondary meaning. In this
regard, the Plaintiff argued strenuously that the Motherhood Marks were
entitled to the full degree of protection. It cited the Court of Appeal’s
statement that it was “not a fixed rule of principle” that descriptive terms
should receive a lesser degree of protection (_SPGA_ at [55]). It also sought
to distinguish the cases cited by the Defendants on the basis that none of
them dealt with a descriptive mark that was either well known or had acquired
a secondary meaning in Singapore.

20 I did not agree with the Plaintiff’s argument. In my judgment, the
Plaintiff was conflating two separate issues — first, whether the Motherhood
Marks had become sufficiently distinctive to establish goodwill despite their
descriptive nature; and second, whether the Motherhood Marks should receive a
lesser degree of protection because of their descriptive nature. The mere fact
that the Motherhood Marks had acquired a secondary meaning through prolonged
use (in the sense that they had come to denote the goods and services of the
Plaintiff to the exclusion of other traders) did not necessarily imply that
they should receive the same level of protection as fancy or inherently
distinctive marks. This is clear from the following passage in Professor
Christopher Wadlow, _The Law of Passing-Off_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2011)
at para 8-064:

… Even if a claimant succeeds in proving that a prima facie descriptive term
has acquired some degree of secondary meaning, he will find that the scope of
protection for his mark is narrower than for a wholly arbitrary term. There is
a rule of law that relatively minor differences will suffice to distinguish
the defendant’s goods or [business] when both use a mark which is descriptive
of the goods or services they provide. This applies even though the defendant
is using the closely similar term in a trade mark sense. “Office Cleaning
Association” was sufficiently different to “Office Cleaning Services” even
though it was the trading name of the defendant. The plaintiff was free to
choose a name of higher inherent distinctiveness, and the penalty for his
failing to do so was that a degree of confusion would be tolerated as the only
alternative to giving him an unfair monopoly.

21 Likewise, in _SPGA_ , the Court of Appeal explained that a mark’s
descriptive nature is relevant not just for determining whether the plaintiff
has goodwill, but also in assessing whether two marks are confusingly similar
for the purposes of establishing misrepresentation (at [36]):

It will be evident from the foregoing that in the tort of passing off
concerning names, brands or marks, it will be essential for the claimant to
establish that its goodwill is sufficiently associated with its name or brand
such that its name or brand is distinctive, in that it denotes the goods and
services of the claimant to the exclusion of those of other traders
(_Lifestyle 1.99_ ([29] _supra_) at [27]) (either inherently or because the
name or brand in question has acquired a secondary meaning). _The separate but
related question of whether the name or mark is fancy or descriptive will be
relevant in assessing both distinctiveness (as to which, see [29] above) as
well as the degree of protection the law will afford the claimant. This is
reflected in the level of scrutiny that is applied by the court in assessing
whether the defendant has misrepresented its goods or services as those of or
associated with the claimant_ (as to which, see [34]–[35] above). [emphasis
added]

22 In _Lifestyle 1.99_ , the plaintiff was the owner of a chain of retail
shops that operated under the style “ONE.99 Shop”, where all the goods in its
outlets were sold at a fixed price of $1.99. The defendant owned shops named
“Lifestyle 1.99” that employed the same retail concept of selling goods at
$1.99. Despite finding that the plaintiff’s shops were well known in Singapore
such that the plaintiff had acquired goodwill in the business bearing the name
“ONE.99” (at [23]–[24]), the Court of Appeal held that there was no
misrepresentation because the plaintiff’s mark was descriptive in nature, and
the defendant had taken adequate measures to distinguish its mark from the
plaintiff’s mark (at [41]). The court concluded (at [48]):

In the result, we do not think that the respondents have shown that there has
been any misrepresentation. We noted the evidence relating to the survey
results show that there were members of the public who thought the two
businesses were related. But in the nature of things some such misconception
would be inevitable when you have two businesses adopting a similar
descriptive term as a part of their names. Given a little time the public will
be able to distinguish, now that the two businesses are operating side-by-
side. Otherwise, it would amount to granting a monopoly to the person who
happens to use that descriptive term first.

23 In my view, the reasoning in _Lifestyle 1.99_ was applicable to the present
case. There is a clear policy in the law of passing off against allowing
traders to monopolise the use of ordinary descriptive terms for their
business, and this policy remains even where a trader has used a descriptive
term as part of its mark for a long time. Other traders should be allowed to
use the same descriptive term as long as they have taken sufficient steps to
distinguish their mark from that of the original user. Thus, although it was
undisputed that the Plaintiff possessed goodwill with respect to the
Motherhood Marks, I could still take into account the descriptive nature of
the marks in determining the level of protection that they should be granted.

(2) Is the relevant public likely to be confused by the Disputed Mark?

24 In order for a misrepresentation to be actionable under the tort of passing
off, it must give rise to actual confusion or a likelihood of confusion in the
relevant segment of the public: _Amanresorts_ at [77]. The relevant public
consists of the actual or potential customers of the claimant who have
goodwill towards the claimant’s mark: _Amanresorts_ at [73]–[75]. In assessing
the likelihood of confusion, the following factors (among others) may be
relevant: (a) the strength of the public’s association with the claimant’s
sign; (b) the similarity of the claimant’s and the defendant’s respective
signs; (c) the proximity of the parties’ respective fields of business; (d)
the characteristics of the market; and (e) the defendant’s intention: _SPGA_
at [54].

25 In the present case, no evidence was adduced by the Plaintiff to show that
any of its actual or potential customers were _actually_ confused by the
Defendants’ use of the Disputed Mark. Consequently, the Plaintiff’s case
rested on my assessment of whether the two marks were similar and whether the
relevant segment of the public was likely to be confused between the two marks
taking into account all the relevant circumstances.

26 First, I considered the similarity between the Motherhood Marks and the
Disputed Mark. In terms of similarities, both marks included the word
“motherhood” printed in small capital letters and a sans serif typeface. In
terms of differences, the Motherhood Marks, when applied to the Plaintiff’s
Magazine, consisted of the word “motherhood” with the word “Magazine” scrawled
in much smaller font of a different colour over the bottom half of the “ood”
in “motherhood”. In addition, the catchphrase “The No. 1 Choice for Mothers!”
was printed in smaller font above the characters “mo”. The Disputed Mark, on
the other hand, consisted of the phrase “today’smotherhood” with “today’s”
printed in a different colour from “motherhood”. In addition, the catchphrase
“Parenting in a New Era” was printed in smaller type below the “herhood” in
“today’smotherhood”. Samples of the Plaintiff’s and the Defendants’ marks as
shown on the cover page of their magazines are reproduced below (the exact
colour of the fonts varied from issue to issue for both marks):

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

The Plaintiff’s mark

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAoIAAACPCAIAAADhky21AAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAt5pJREFUeF7tvVfXft9Z17uRbe9iAVGRkogkEQghgYQWkiDYhkMdnlhO9Gy/ibyMfeIYAZThkXWIdBJISIWEhER6CWDb9t7dn/w/8OXymmXN+36e3/+XwLMOnmfda8159TbLWuuT/vf//t//19PxJIEnCTxJ4EkCTxJ4ksDzkMCveh5In3A+SeBJAk8SeJLAkwSeJPAxCTyl4Sc7eJLAkwSeJPAkgScJPDcJPKXh5yb6J8RPEniSwJMEniTwJIGnNPxkA08SeJLAkwSeJPAkgecmgac0/NxE/4T4SQJPEniSwJMEniTwlIafbOBJAk8SeJLAkwSeJPDcJPBJmweW3vKWt3zSJ31SSKNlGrdeNKst/ZkrdqxX/tf/+l+BwPVf9avm1UDg0Jg2HMKk+//8n/9Twmp3mnErBH/yJ38yXbzIOUflhY7eShdJCtmiq1xMtRTiW3cbh9QQz8UqvVF0dqy8yOOKkgpNdiKrKsCoTzlUpXCOPKsk7VjbBPuoaJWrtIET1URctUukJPBqBlUUnmsn4QKAFX4FWxXn+Yh0qr7K14mEK5CGQnY0J4WpbTQeqxHSQHXAVziN0Qqh3qrQqtfQJnj/7xcOCQC459GmF0X6q3/1r/61v/bXci7lnmgJAhGFfUUty+D6H//jf8Rx6Pgv/+W//Jmf+Zn/8B/+g5D/63/9r3T/Db/hNwDtP/7H//jrf/2v/z2/5/f89t/+20GnWiWPlsD59//+3/+bf/Nvfs2v+TWf+qmf+lt/628N8eKKwdjxv//3/64NxDY4B4iSl6SYVsRLr//yX/7Lf/tv/82+NgiQZhjRlyjkOtqMe04tIX2nxrbv2+6ubPjQtqHEoBGbHP0xgqrU1ouaInfrScBG1FNmhdOk1Hy22nN14djbRozjrWCM5bQrY2SoMolgp5SP6tbeNA99SmlrLU22/MS2P+VTPgWre/nLX96Iv07DEWUlrhqlak6zTcKYhryNoKvBnRtfk6w/4/ZTTwjxDcuKtmpMo2GtjPJWaCuX3hB5KyMqK7VC42vK5uhakXBtX5u16/VWI3gl2Fyvltbiyx3WsupSTb22af458mVkT9RuabgGmlGJK0NqkkyzmoYbwbqnoaFWnyL1oAvZ8Tf+xt9I2iONQTktpb8mYODwE8rlS2g1AHGR7j/+4z/+0Y9+lMZkU+7+5//8n8nxAAfgf/pP/4mLv+t3/S7SMIk5WVarkxgSJH9pTy/gW9K1zBdDFbs0xx6EVs1DswQUOZj6wFRtm9asGeTU75q+Vr455pJ4/cada2SYBtJVumrXN81a8JlG9ZWlnefCqWu35NfkMA0ULaeMznJTjF2FrJZZTxxwFQEahS2OScBv+S2/BRfg5BWveEWj/9EmpRt955o7bKlichz2qs0e2P0OjE9dlECV/CZ+tWBUe+X8sPsdkq8GtqohVo56B7oHdtHtk2jryZ5IUxGZyUxGvmQwSqZ0TOkYN0EwbWjmMJS/npiVyakkTpIoY01JAgI/FaCguEh7GjAs5jD1qlDamLl/82/+zeZgia9JQkE1fg8VARwJNjpNc/ADFfHx3P0TK+K1CL/y9NbsRY4Sd6h7pHAEcmcabjErEaEOhe+geNNFjHVO6Sb4OmGdzrqp+1PjuyVQFed84CWo1iWKO+x+CX/aINbVhkrNi+4D/ui98LiMF8eTKTpTl2yabj0xJZvnkt7I62RHjgA3pTHbzEFO9SDjcphcTaKmOsfigUlfmpHsSecqkb8Q47A7GV2mUlK0YFLZPJSn7IAL7GG56fcQ1Cdcs9izAj/xu+fLYw3RG2prsxoZXpwocYeITsqLXRpWFvGleqI/e7RmqrwpXgdLqauJWA6PxxSCzWqkqM1GjA3sqNfapcag6fXD6hukU6rGi5W8VZdDlbcAml4N7EbUTbB7pYyCvVURG/1W4Cd8VWabKU5BHeqxmfo5wWYRTf3y2FB4idEGzQfjI1m9czgbRzMhmTI5TGycQHNc0i5mXMeRmRyuVNHMBVeHuZzXqWzlnFrBcEEbITueToOmlFWUWPG7svOEIFh2NG8Q2HtoM+9pZBiDycpVV3o8981p6GiucemA5yxPne68+4kcmkxqrXZp9k19q/S0F+9hiK6J4CQUr5DKoHdXWe+T3/zmN69wvP/976/rTyekKKYWX6q/VV+qCmhpKT+rix7G5VWoXXWXPDGeO9jG4GpuuFWXo+j2Yj/MKxuwslzrm0TzFeqKNBJrMW7sO6K4ZG3fJXE2zlndsqpybxJNOBs7uXQBE08EGPrHlLwxNn0k3DUXaDSMBjYKLapxfZSky1Yps6YEJ/MBvKZwgV9W20xrc9ixzle7DGx3c/mv+3W/juVhz61XsrfFUKUGa5Soxlmvh6pKZK3sbUyV4JS76EZx7UP21NSntj1erPY5au0kgEyjYiOpYRnDbw1uU/YvY85eRFMiR/NuQPxZbbUy0mx41azVu81URmYltVJSY/Xq1opB0R0GMZBi/PgdNH/ap31a63XnpPRlPPoEalB9uxrx6vrHFWstMH1c0fYJSkwTaYtrz4ipZ6pHB7gcJmCGv+awS17qxGYWdDJcdkbaOe0Wyk3AWZc1wJl0mej+Tb/pN7k1jOuZIc/IfnVyqyKSzt0QfseI4lI+z6XBc7HPF4FT9JX1iE16O2z2IhB8giLKkuzMGD1yGj73jbSsI4MTTp51m2rWwdVK8nM2nzW1DX6rFT5u6XzWYrl1qD2lp46Dp/O951xclsl7PZ4jmrYcq0lyMC0zYV4L+ToK2dtPjK2OM2p3wZrwXDNmNhhJGoCSm60J6nYwk/FqqS/LDdNxzCgBm1lDcJIB9wOl+ljdV6O0Q/h0v2mbyzONCY8YzCuoti2gFXnVTw+F9iI0a44QjF7XL1Zp+GJSepwAqfzUqTML3lHl7aIN2lTYyrtujWXS1qBtqFoJLqGksrMipqJr7N/qAJtcUrFXe60sPDwV3Uqw0m4Gd2IDl5FoI8mVIg7ZbwTHYFpAOXH1lerHObTK75T3leS9Pu0ymkTs3+GppaSzxA5Dw1TNx/aycdwzOq28NMknrJBumfgNECsYx8q2MQ0zJHU7tCvE/BU4SOvoPD8NLzpjZrzN3+bXlEqKKNna6+OenSrGE3c+j92B1vQYgTdTiYKamSWiBs4Yo0YUlc52V1Fs/Lre2stkKo3RPC7dsDnaSsgxSG3gXBfxglWXja/dGpda6NMFRmq9yHIM80Cg+N2/+3c32i7S8IZ5KVbNIh7duBpTBdUI3RvWSv3T6xuDq0ib8VVvaaK8tKpGRvW3Q9MJYRtclfixWa6seDyk5A5FbELAaKOXHnKi05VPHvK+spAWUFp8rLxcCrMpqGI8NI+NGdcEOZ5XlzSQac+Zi+Y8S8LVZ20mwFEUFVGaZX2X9VcfzE3oJCaww4u/4HW7NdmXtTHSMA8r0yyb3hNGQkAVUdKVpJpc6zC6DpRr8WFLr9j3xPZasmyWtjK8KrqVbSQdht8oIkLb54BDs2+Wo9BOKIzqR1NPYB+528jk0k3GBi0sRyD7fHGJ6FBxJ063alNLxmTD5p4+pk/LMQ0/n7XhBItaBV9K8+O/QeXrRKkf/xw9UfgJIYGMC3PiWBAjJAWSCH3tRo1HtYuJzbR6GFhTprjeTHcycZ5Hcsxq6s1WLNq4Yzk50kyZZNlEbRSmDV0cW2fX92VgzSy3wOtz1ZsJz+ei66qIT7ig8RTxHsVmnnMa3heAj8LhJZDNGPSy7xg44lSfcB51K7N3l8aJ4IcR/+GEPV8Id/B7q2TGNFzt0MVanxFKMk4AzaixbmJaWW+cpQ67fUUlw19RgNrpaKbgmIjLK7G4RR71iSm7528dN9RBuSnTtJ0nnTLEn0qJu2Jx3ts07LR2jum4/7kYSRuQ8DPW8lj0PGJ8m45ffyVEvDtc+Cb17dLw6HIVdKWsTeZMf9a+meXIzMyK6ApqhDAiMsqMR4M/bRAfoPF9SbT2arSFsBZxHq7gh0M4sZhLnYaMRBa7tOm4qiDlfHmMtc5llyBN1pmK3ZxhPtjoboWuGWRm/1p6mCpoaqWtZaNqRFcj4MiyfEmMishuZ68kXXndl2H5UFMmjQXS3Cr5jOu0ZN2XUa9ZXHSck5sdCstU3gci6gxJI9vRu8USI2leKWu2qUvdmQaYOmAzg1W4mKauRuperSKqXZrGK1+jcUZlMcspqDSr2q+STICdliwbx6/S2ztg7sbZ41BT5W6QNhuo2mlM6bnawK11Ru2yUlDVzkmADQ3VJUcZxpuaEHZrwx/4wAcw8akoK+c61VS4NbQ1O+BWLZMPdXPZrKlkZXy5rpnGZx44YaUhjgEl0TDajWpXorvkNA2k+VY32+urGfcmH7QIMlrLJhqegBV+5a4FphUjKxed+m0TYLXbRmS9tYkaabaCvFGZt4L3RLOVKjOTQNwbFVykKF99ZRQj4/qODg6mi7lumDB3NhZqMMo5bRwB8/ff/tt/y0YtXYC/bkihJT+ZFedne1g5dOoUCtPZ7Gg8vDct6GWyZl9nraXEee/qif6U7Fp12beaxEq/zcxW6qvGWfmq3acW2OxcMaawS9wIwQHYJNOsZYNrH2EOzb755ugRNT54vpFwu1W106iVvFELU+AbD6rtW5CZOmDMe0RUbXWULXdZG+agI585aQ0eYVIaBBak4/bLvaY3Krzs+IgNUqGcL4xtsK/sPn6l/g69/RHZfBagwlRGWvGNym9jthaMz4gqXWgv5CSqO+z2nOwqolainQOZtgyPyrwuf+Y8o0nzE4mKZMnXkPjLUm5eS+nDRb7mwklj628JjhgrL2JX7/z9bb/tt/HaevLfv/7X//rf/bt/R4LkRfaMhqWNBEwA8mtOkXZLsYLKO7kyC02zvGkkXRJz6AUXsANSp6Cdi87jT7FM7yqo5GOHzg9URMs9mvel+U0T89RrNlnkESl/FFDVJh8IcO+8Mb8Ek4TxB+KtdYOSb2Zfa9CTUBZL2JjE46RhKavl7WPJ4lnDiTql/yEWr91ESe1Edd7knM+a94fDj9KN2s5kjjKsoogQxkr24fTcCqEsFz6CI6yS5Ymv3kp5a18dsDLVdIGCvOLSKQfnJDlfHx0gycRcqdEwSTe5Laz5DSU3gnJOVuZrDY7F+clerTy2lExc411oNklnttx5ckbqJlGzphnaj1K4L4xMDJ2gMGLWwBcKQeeDUsCHpNUTnA9XRHg5CSaWBdMudWyTufdnRPYDuV51P5HAtBw5pCcJMmsoY8c74kwtaltSqM6VOacHJo6PZY1N0fH1X//1EFSLuybWmHvNYauqpIrDjnH7Q6EH+0a77dalHSRDKEoJy3kdvmwEZeD4p//0n/LZ1GZV+ZnuzM6xYZ2AFeXt6z4hVEY2hlVBNbCX0qslwrntBmxGTv/iX/yLf/7P/zk/fU2S9UeVAz8ZJ/FGNyK1Y5FqP1NjqOwH2mVNI9hRejUBBPJGdKtbI1Uxp1HvXqlrEKM3VV3Hj1qXZgnpEhk23YUkTpLG4CjRHzWZ2EiWfoiQrEaicv+zIUmkCtxN157noBeD6Q9/+MP/7J/9M+aiGQqb142PfojJWo2+fHiVPO15FGR65qKvquaWHz10tM31hAtOHOzS1+gkef6s4+CmOO6ag23puFl/r7w08wiKKEJ0q9hSZTW11eZokOHjXkjJUkPgFi5Cky9mFHAZrtS41Pxr6j7nF6s7V+IbxqkHNZkoWCUcXhRm7CddWiajSzDGnqvcapbxepJidSLhcwjQls3l68/YmO8hVwKVmMqjGDEnZ32qkFtksKLCKTB7bv2RP/JHmkZ2afgbv/Ebqxs0BpqJWyZoIlV/NUw04hKYWuBoLFWVV2i5Xts335hibPJqFkAXeYnmbD+lyovECxLwe9/73p/4iZ9YEZPrn/7pn/6qV71qfK3o6Crp0uSzCQFNKVNvWYWPauUjin3QMVIgNAIocvjBH/xBoBmv2yGFv+N3/I4v+ZIv+azP+ixiUAS+UdYUeyO4Sb52mZ4r1eaTG11f3lr54YqSqWRGibXuG74y31stJwC16nABnAxMXRV2TGwyoBl31WkTfrwjWAi1XCRskYb/yT/5JwYdU0jVkeccv+/3/b7P+ZzPcWU3tVom0mnADDPZyNGtpUPCtzwaizhvjzBxPTPSzWGNS3bXMgNWT6/JPnEmzdJrVFDTu+IKsxWU5yks/Amz1C44AsKXX70v+pI8rjPt/6mf+qmKpbp2JWAVARrZU7Nv7pBEKAFhZOWn0hwDszxCHWpZQ4pYPMmVWMvoZYKNjlZeI1WhrZ6IRbFXHpvctHYP4vm/+lf/ylKv2XB6WVmSXDloE94rGTYWJuUpBSgnX/AFX9C4ePy5uDhhPalCSTWtI63ksjf3x7qr3zpBZ3VcnbN58gYpAwjUxkCwHv9fOXKdmTT1rWGdo3gslp8pHASIBcMsC5CMicdDkSArJPZMKfkVC9yMkiNyMJQngSVq4IAMfBkHO/qkGT99CXMS8wtvovzYiNYcYPLzAGZeLm0KMeT5sG9Wap1nzuO/ZkSPjJUT6N1lbYbOpq2kfz00fCVAS0z8tzlXjeY2S3xcmYqQDVM1yN5hWkmrSa4BoqwkvmY+fq5KijsIuLVLqjR15Ce5PDSGHNFjTsy4YrSZ0jPWKYrAVLZNLPzUKkTXCsGqepVYZw6qwRvbsy2gghW4yUhLnlpU86b6M0/QbWRbyymxT3nZ7ZT+4Ac/qOySKlbiULgWHRR3RGF2arBvwq0T/LW48KINiMW0p0A4t+9W4EyZbxRuCK5Cr6XrHXkRXTKt9NM//dPweGnulLSMAimLjAUnVcjY5oSvSkmFcNj3UJJpZnwnziIHhkR7OTAnjxBYTUx9upfDIc1B2qDV7s2KboV8qd/kkkrM9Pw+UFNeEt24a6TIaKOm24ilBkQuYr14qB9Kwj2ZXuYK55zosBz8xFzrVLNY+EtFBRaiErUX59bWkmEYaupgag7VO5gwDRuehObY2rv8NEUZZw1HRkwDd8Ki/CYTW3DUfOB5rX2lLSEuMomEK6LDMHXizrU+oD1C9vtUMKjEYkJC84A8JqXHgHmfAU97VeI5R5UOHojb7OAzb2EJ1NYaiQsZ6g7Hhwta8pcrVFFw4SYDxWgzz6MFdQTj4KKvmwc5B53Pzjk5zDlwTPPNa4BpmsdigcBBY+tIy8GgoA0AgZzdiFmeME/HUIHph7mMacqqnUSA1K9+NKzF26pEaXAthusYf+dik3W+4Ru+wUrBNrVl8lYuWtTA9k/+5E/+8A//MKxWTCk3dB4z0Mtf/nKG59a8LSlOw1ZltZpRJay2aayt7FVeKsaqj0rYGDftiC2yMPzWt771x3/8xzfytDvp5/Wvfz3zchhxixSbuFyJr97S0DUdVaaqe08RjXKYGtaKSHlB79/93d/9vve9b8MLt1gdf8Mb3vCH//AfdpcQtNWIqbE1lqfCTw0bV5lazibo5FYwNjnsGVlJckX8JmiuLGcDqhFf85+EJVcZrTL1Jy4HHNyicvr5n/95fceWxn1+Omr0Olr7jM/4DB+6UEccDnCJRESuj3zkI1aiXDduSIAQEgT+4B/8gy996UuJ1GA33xOemNnLIFUI/vXFW4baDHYl3qCcvWaisM0mDQe4VgcKU0XTe0JctczRzAJtap+52BxT8oAGC+Q5ylZ+wtHGf7nlpLTZutr5KhhGR9Hg6B2V65ppwPLRj370+7//+0mNUEv6f+UrX/kH/sAfQMX/6B/9IwhAdywtff7nfz7rawD5uZ/7OZYkaMz1L/qiL3rZy15GSKQxylXOv//3/370Do/oC37/8T/+xy6FYFGERLIGK1lkd6641Gou1w75+3t/7+/FZlgatyzTILUuUEDqz/7sz9IdmCRg6HzJS16CuJQnbbAi6AEpedrAixmDmgPT5YojIgFyghlzpA4blatsafk7f+fv/JRP+RQNfhRvJA87uA8JmCLjcz/3cxvAo3dKq56YoCfqT/OVAa8j4h/7sR/DtnCwHBYgHJxw0U+v8PgUummW3ZxhZW2Vjdhui3HVpkP/KNDKV40aanqqgIadXjD1Mz/zM4ej4c/8zM/EnlqQEmajearXxkvtUt3+JvZXYpmyv3F7DJqYjrnv5cZo+LM/+7MdDTdhjgaw0V1Vfax0bL8huGJfNTsxg0s70ZwOKTmBNsot8KvqHV9qbNbKEZRXCECMbwhPDj2dC63LNE6NcoUAR7K0bgaICYzAZ1CjDVNc1t/GhByxbQMF8ZHgRbwmIPzUT/0UjkMKz9dYhZzq3wGijpkoKWTpl4ypATfXoEtGVO1WgI8W1SwkIaJyV8+n/thcWyN3JsAt32Fz43GOhpXPykIa/SLat5/ehTYcmXqaeM4I1XBNvmH7C8kVgyHjonp2uji2IxHSmFxIJOQi6Y0r7373u3/0R3+UDM05OZK0Tb2Fshin0RhQaB+OaMw5e0qwH+wwq3skTrDzF3SMXEkWpMzoWu0jOmZt3/Oe95DIXe1yqhVzxcwIs0jYzYO0AS/lJtBoAFhawjskWVmqAsXr9vumtSZz5QZJdl8JWUOlpZu5cJNn8k7pjY730WRvH7dGIkWWcrhNKD1WJL2DqqcuJxK4wxgSVZNdThD9SmujlMy+STaOg02ohBtffHF4oKnke70sg2y9bJOHDJ20cSzrXDe9SMPZM5HFQuA49Inzyktb1TuMPwaHZPdUBofdD4Vzd7M77P8Q190MWoolkdeThNkA5yQba2yZyQ+0xjn5j5RMktbqnA/wrz8zJ+FJUFgFpl6P12NLmO6P/MiP8JopMqvloLhYYfmhFw6KQppR5zGspxTgpyWppkUm5joQ6Jth5KFU0yxiOUl2Ky0/8hatm1T+6JZXC/BWQVuPPB2/nCQwDpJ+OXH3WLxg+W5FafFU+NytU8GHSDNoyNCEk8wWboBk8swwzfiABTPGQ8yOOBVpAw8ipp9pAqBj+tTWpmrDd5tQWWEX+B3MHsrkl18zN+jdwVcmKqzPOEi9SJ4hLxkxKs70TEuBTnczZciiFfPVTEcz782Ym0GnFpuDETmpnUEtMLn7eZ/3eTwL5EQjFR6T50zLMa4lAecRSuarv+IrvoK5dKyOXoyembsFzt1p+A75jF0uktMqsXldcdSxSBzphLhM72war2qNRljK81or1RFwqw9aSHpIQRBKTlimTS3txzF65esQ4LRZk89DQNl3RdioiHNc+7JpJdh6fSP8UQKjlh9XSlObXF3cSGmsIMf52GY5sf/GYwZ/tq9jDnMSF8l/ibaBs1diZq2FYEbU9Tb1Lg1qtqYxoZAJOiaoCZ1+H0Kqkq1NwEnD9ZaIHDbJ3d6L4/J2WUWAjQOeYKmeUmXYwEbFXk8OqHrcW8iJd0iMwDemvgJV4/NGLFM6nW9XoRz+JF+S85h2juJURFYKBIVVkCa/9mu/9uteODh54xvfyEYiarUaiyCP9MmzXloIVsSDoF/6pV/KlLhFJ2NiJ8/BiMUG8td8zdfQkilryYAqknHVwj7iVX4Ph8KxCk9Gie3ScHw43ZouzcE1DV+6YqVANU+L9DRb3TXfjxQ2Gdlm6nW5Ve82AU19tWX0Ww20xYsVtDRrDer18dbKdVeM1Osbtz+89ZAph5Z7qrFuiNwbT3Un5dZ03XR3UpydmMQm/p5Isomilv9THw6bU9qc09NUaqLyHIEQH03D/DRkr3jUZciFDFJZb8s0oOGsxpppqBKspQAnICL1Mu5xfdGnZkUhqDoaGxWtKGoEiH7FPu0Srqfur5SmaakmyI03bfTbwNaSZZqGq3fv/XR/d6zhDmNLCy+a5SZC1lsqUQV5aFcsBjNXjPFwy+mNzEunu+wwueJeIs4xD7KsEKqxud+IK9gwDThY6GUBm/E0F4HsczrmYA7od1zu7jAvMlwmYTsvHftf6bGJelXBjN011ybSNNul4dTO1WTjJ4JodIw1xcYuL0fDNR7FDWRG2uLSFcvGSU5uNWtIlw0jN90K8akPbup+d+NHZ+RuSk5MvNnrivibmBphNsMW2oavMbLfLYT7cu0lujF0Gryy3haWuYgD8tOnSi651u9M6h7pJXyjKuebWkEsBl/bQ4Nv7EpFXv2ihsVWmVVGBDtV32gh+yBwKeFNMD3pe9LmkJFLUDGGS42MoBKmLrFMG1SxOzbT4N1RxSyxmwE1hsYvbdg1/S3f8i3f/MLxnd/5nSTvWFcUzX4CVprNpiRXxsq+NtXvegmZNlzJMJr2zFS/4x3vgAYH5RyQQbKnsrxVSvKVgejeg2Ki02a7NKx0xhzcMnGFy626nL5Xoc68adNCVWtZE/N9tvJcek2LyudCyccV0mZp+3T4WJS3IdFjgT2B84zS8OgjRkAzXwprs3Jy8wnBhj99NiOJdKyzzZfQoutMMqdLNQPDtOmZkzENh/4Xx1ou+fpl1mAT52/iFMX5yGwyMfPADoKniuMWOZJN1ywkM+fMjHHSbcXrUPiybgYv0y3sZwY7FScbqr/v+76PZOww2jTs58VuYippdazz7oCzS8POsE/TsDXvOCS3uN4n1+q60zK8Qq4zKunYQtitVcw+8U/5ukOyqy4Sn+2gj0j8nshRWY/IVIzykB1LyOZCdZjy6LQZx1sor+Y9JrCTOm8v1SaN0bTqlUPDu0mPlYU4sskYJ2UEwN+PvTvj/3x2fyX8NuqtzTK72DgaQSmTuHBrMFZjtEy8joXUGqKOnlfyPFHlszC5KcymwZVVbAxyz+YI8LxMScVDjPIRskpGg7PSdaStNrExciEPKLLoy/DUCWq3ylvPjWBBTebOkfdj1MxtDNGcYn6iE6BVI21AzTPH7OGiMTbvq1J9Yr6aYv2Z801A0x1S2l4GEMP+FOAuDWfFQgQb3cuzrrWqcUaL1P8vQ9WL4B43hTa13gZS51y30n6l5irtVTF0Xq4ehviNqGuOnOZLJ5ewM7bbsODHDgj/MiPkHFEOiMEh8YrMRwmwEVnLzEMFTSvTqGZc+KxW3Sg8j3Q16DTJjNG/MrIS6TjWrKI7UWXDklijnyZ2+L7J5triGmnLxWkKbJyu9JVmaSA9leV6SzIcauddmBb6Gk+ircHdMLc6bo0kG4M8AbWhpIZjyc4rUxIfGnab7ePwiNFg1bS5Ij6okzC8wpFaLVe8DkYTarvueofVHmNNfrLnmdd3ZG6jUhVVCpOk+4f+0B/6si/7MrY0c7Driu3N2cEXU8kHrbUBDcBwGmJExztPXvOa13zhF34hDyizJZBXJ/FyDxaSXeqGeMKRw2WPmvg2+12mzj5VgeS5Mi2F7bhIw+oj09+bECDnMjDFNMH9wlC36a81W4WqlWEdtt8gPYdwaNwjR15Jejhx6Tuo2oANtNrmgShUOmUsL9BhZyPHm970Jl6VxStjfLNdDpZweAiBJD2NONWXRhHdQWQF8ogxehTv1B42vqBzjseGx/t0arhMhBK+4wbSm28NPLEE83clzzjLYYipETAAW7SK8XuSsezUHRLKQWEa9hvJWc92VklQzpxF4E3XJ14Wr5wSs9LLIeQ0C2GiM+57RIBjFF3xdcnmpcuEMKXnNAkLtOwxJoN611dPcLdKxhdYagOc+Ea8MFI1S0fSHqEAx6eBGwuSOJu0yYgk7Fe84hU8fcRBSualMTXLSpKLvu7G4q7Py3HkITfzK2T75hmSMemcd4ERl9iJDRbjDw0YrMtdPKW6bUsWNXierA0nr28C/nUajomcJFca+zLYQ9NsddBhr2fUrIXFTap+RgR8ooM1puBpOA+GzptKecyAjYuVL2yDBs5Q1QBUA+gzlUPs+UXD+EzZEXg13RO7NQcrCrPaJZGANeOqZaOBcMzijtVOsF/iWjUAuCPjPKNc42BLw3djeZE71jpsJT2l7RLeSRy+jwUgYwm+7IIFVN45lTSsbJF2PocACnY20eYHfuAH3v/+9/MeXz9P6fuck4Pp5RY8Our4vnNKaJRunJjIQzNw2MPFLio2anEAnFdu8aQT19ukrrPWSoZnk3gumYMTofnda1I1O7ze9ra3Acf3tQHEt087sM4bzm8VWo0km5SHVC0WLSWn67C7fHlHlKRL1dOesVpW3CqCZ9T+1nB2BxnnS3F3AH8uXQzKhmmHLE4h8pe9Feyw0D89fOMrL8bz54ucFO8w6eci0luRxm43FXeDWYdfNfqvMoEo2l3TcPZSgeIkDY9DvRW/MQ9DdqKwxKhNY9wnaA6uhYUz7VNRmHqV7bNLwwDHVUlavPeR91CySUrNInlfsUIGZVDLSpMLq/g4jXmXPkmODAf9XGfQSeUdU8lgHeJ9hS0bppybtQ6urMk7m6fI7m9/+9u/94WDk3e+851sqiKYxGhtSRhhrptVMGyA91PSjOqB91+CnTgDIg5IolzghZq8mxMiKRq+/du/nTqDB5noxTibmWpm5u4YENbYtXFY0zANrDamKr54brhCj0AjuOrzOkamrQ7jyNQhk57byQpmbXYT3sqR52NWSJuVKJpYTgioBK8c7wTOeZvD8uKQl1Fu1Z2ctzReMFXFM3m1AMRneAoQJ3FWquluBflWwjaSWWHcdMl4peWYDVX6SJtx3RhqY/xQsxF7Nd3DME2z+G8GuHHhOkQLFw6G8JFWQDuzrSWPOg0vTVziMrtUCUd0hq06DU5jsDuE8tzutaTQ8A6FcCnnjalfBoRL4DaIIjYjKluatxrYjRFWNR16kLMLyNw3KjNzS4ri49BMbpHzGF/ycivWWXlfFT9Jq6CgzsbNmdQlATOTzBIsXbJPSjfHPBhYQwPrsvQl+fnAknfBSILnAJ3vU8sQWQOwWTQbCwEOU26vfvWrActFEjClA8UBtQIEQyck0ZG6n69N8Bfgvvyf+XZ4Yeqbr55DM9c1M3VRU/IYn2tGWEm4mY1xwwf0Tcnt2H3agZJBK4+7NgoCS9L5CTO8P4zXh7pOsD+QXT7tUFu2YDcFsmlTLXXVbBPuU6OdOLNtkC8F1+GHDikVqb9QfALWHSHjpMuJHK5UNL8fyGNc8JZjFA4sgTI2n9tCUJg+i8f4Txy1hbP8rMa24uVQDptmJxCmVlTJi5tU4j0fM/dUpi1K1l6XxNug0bP3mni08c6vywHB1FixpyUAMVrfjZC6SqQMX5zwAA7nlyJlIhE4pvPmZfY1nrh0bRRO0ZZRLy2NaA6Lg7TVOuHlMGJsPGIj4UuWV2Dp6KcdIE92pqC8SKKiim3ZurUfdWdkrmFtY13Q4FqpW5kYazJ+xWFdRQIUiYRbDnnJxLxmkgOnpgHvnmQRysEuKPxKpm+m5CIz0kD24BagCAIMrOlrFuC6GYGDlJnDn6R/8AKtGiRMIRDIAI5GxTmNWYRmXQyMUoLcuMXhN0W4DiIIpg0tIaPZBj/9umLFtXIogFuONKlWr/QuAvT7trd96PCv/bW/VnU82rqUcR0cQOcEz3E2P09lbcyaSoRdcGOD8NNcdJOqQ2frsknD0+g/DQrTeFoDLqbphw5ZwNh4u12w1K/8yq/EIBLLql9NnXC0hhO3r202cjgB1XRUpZ1bjUj8mStMEzGtlBUmDBHeqV6BQNHK35rIm4FNFdQS28N5rOF7ZatT6TXiHc9VqxjP7TLFsnKuVVyO6+2Ns3VvOQmkqAlFUC0RMU3JmmXLamIhkBE0mckgO9rAfOljnYRInvJknDGt92mcBE9QZt+Nr+xoG7sEazXgXqHkYNNt5qU59+VfNIgVaYQ1bTeWq7lOlXXpvyv1jdcPQfEQLUMXmDVnrNIwt/zQoc1WxNdbasfI3FZVq9nYxb/O/NPF7QIW04o35iEo51cdS6Ts5sSLNMDrWX/V9/PcMNe5ywAaexO+D1YApC4Pj6EAXfsCrFomSpVIMRUO4LjqV/ckx++w21T/jk3F28QONChnGq85dVOxEiPxc8Rx4phNjzQm+9ISIilrGqiLvVSx6VYjq7apNbRMNrXaGMGhpW6AGDJyhDDJC/za5o7EUwnQuIWcYFR/7qmtd5us9nmosbnBcqmCCirz8HHFKtIplshWM403NtYwZeKLs1seeCNxhLI3AhTUGCaavsJRVWvT46jWahVhaiW3ai05V9dSO9pYA1VpHqHFFO+w+ZVCI41mjZXZqXcYmLyVGd1Duw0uxOJkI+GMYAoo4+9GwrGWjHHHGBLRJRm7C0wtCMHBcY76WUabCXYVAZqpV0feC2Fq6q1LNdHmESnCmkJvMgmF0Jw0SmmuPfWjKH0sCoXDdXTKOM81YEsikdLA/er8JJPhy8wkU1FxzhWfJVO5QMDZHexSQAAnlFvPMcBlXtABIhgFYuLnSDb1IqgzIxKmBChGmjmnDRzaayQ5bONY3+ehOc/uQhtPPXQTS5siLs1+ZRgfE/jG7KqTt/Nqji3iHDpzmqmeW4/aPYnEENBi0z6RNAfY9K3pSvaFTJexRtkIwZBhg9FJvJ5QIj0Wm7FLP/SWI1NzmmlQr3jRehLOtEXNVLxT181kYIsscenR/xkYUfZGwng1jkdJCKIEPgWo51t3mx70rhz85K67/060nEitMBE4gcMZzrAvXqUU3iUMGrzIT6tm35OnCji3AK8aHA1Sgag4laWpp1Rf2fwo4RrCJC/RyhOAu+yUqBETbdoUuL0EK8Ap0uZNSrK+htB387o51sYZmMbGmh2qPu5KmHdjeBpztKBJ2CA6ikXF2hNzRdqM2TG36hOgSpHU2MPoj5X9nAstdth6aTZJWtUq5JqODuwUu2vtsSXbjEczlYAFF+rgLnDUQmxMewidU6euriSDClkW5CJtWnDgp/k4z3OnNpILupuVJV4fF4sK0g6dDomHjgYZ+5SAQIsh1XTreQwjgopejAPhqzbQEqRKUkfXqIpod6uEm+PIu44/lj4fw/jmN7+5emA9Z21YpXqx9ZeTxE2JQAR+UfnkEQgn/TWUlkrDUqMtLZUUP1U2JTkzYz4BCcFxs9Dc7FgVeiRytSuhAaaYYwc+a5wgAoUylQAPbrHyX7POSqosTlAJupwwotaCDWeJQdhNCIAM3gLjV6n5S+M8IaamZK1C5lyHVMg1glf9VvYjGXlcdQ+0OJh4aQ/NvDeO5wdcNeQiU5Ff/MVf7KaJmHhkKG0wxRwdWy3Y2chIGkPyIKPDuEFf5VYNxjOrzCPAtKzeFaZ0mPxNaFY7dklM0aoNHOoowA2dCTdJcl40rkm/8TFuFVFPDUaDF7g+GGi1TBG+lp8RjO2roBR75BDGka1rukoyxpO+XnHoIw1SBV4fR+Gu33uwxDSiNR4jHIbODI+clNbg+ataOceVmLGUJON47PkXnO2Ff9XIG64kjGgTOo0SwPTNhckZ4TemuPJc5aldSUBj0CsqQlITdvypxHzcFgaVHg7C/GeUO8KMU1PIsqyTyCM6gKgRH08wTHndWwq5mYE8hjx/qgidS2ptELlxwuGShNzxt9pYLKfKMFprF+kYVwoxkqGz+LSF1UA1ywSQqKAaxkhDVKZY9CZOMo+deoXr1liyLNKpGcf8iOTZ6BMGWxcJQHcc4CUFNBvrOOpt1oab4OpPXRHowCUxwBLnmBR7zfmQcn1GZWXWrA+xaw7fhvM8CIgg2CDg02AaQbojESMIGDE1bBd3xaCtyDQOgwIwcXXW3oHjVyqbo1ZV1fMwZaAEC0+hkRhc5AAIjYEPhS4JIFatnMzxPd/zPawNayKbA5ZZH2VaRiep7hFmuWjuh0c3IkKJIrWQtLrnJ9z58ByjTP5KdkwWsUAYOaxCHpOH1LIDgt0WNUNonfRFAuTCOr08MghVkE1pBRBQQDmvUGeXgL0QGpsVeScOeklgjRtDJxKmgAMRAqcvvFsve8CvOpVZJE86d7tKMlALB/RKMR5Q1ZwS91GZk1R08a/NoDOFV6QKFiRPNuKoBVBqcAMT3dGXaSnOr3XBiM9+1GKimXq1eQEmgrt5pI23JNh5OQ5QTFOFBAAQvvI+Xi4icD+QbuyeBlMIACw+Jdcc0sBPLsIOQQAjcTue1NbQyUWv0BELYYOML9wHl8aMoLABPBo45JKq+ng0BERQoIh9xruTHnQTM5M1q6w5lDcBaAAKzcnM5B6xV6WoBcD6nopoRMnrxYZszdvtVDqpt9Ca8coigGY0YK8QimB/r7FF4Y/OpUW5NqwGjYRQoon6XlLFTkvbwBGqyZsgAzZeIIMtOPBToZnOpbx5kP4IZNjMxmZZGImPfCLSCE06jecctYargZRmTpKDy7kEbWzlNY0GzRUs2FVeM6JXgt1par1GfvlLzCQWRadVdFVcNCZsujZcCa5xhnONjZhPAka2pIBG4S4Nv+Utb6ngEp4CQmuG4g9/+MPEUDBhCqQNHOkyGwEE08cQFWsmCsDIXnMXsaugdTBQYLWMkzBc9oO4w7M1gyqa6QYuTiAmnygfWVDQsR6w09fxCsDhi42+BKlg0cRpgEuwy479VuwvoDv0sEWLZ9gvGaf4IA2jvJqG1X2CCDzyADujSUwBMnQDdaHlhWZOcHWqAR+Nh1nO0wbKfeSuUVX5jTYR+2tf+1rMUZNKfMRueNiOqREseOpjuQhqXkHHIwRcgX6eJmQ0LGqqBLj2llHMhMddwNKMCoaKQVcMs6M7Odrzq+DIn6zPz8xxxeGRAHAwRfdkcuiHNEh+SrTiCto0WmGKRlJkjhmrekNwQgYNaEwXqrEau+XUCGt32DFbhBHb4PCwQHcMSdW3MlFFG3yTOBGUe5IjH/WYYKphYPkEX+NvhBzJ0ABciNqPpQvBeDRNw7E0KZQkc4DDPk4QBQeCynuXpmlYCAB0by1C4Fz3hyncGb9GYgowoVYCaOYOF06Sb2JFcQ3FxV9fHZx5I2ewOBR1hGZ7KMF0lZhzCQkUcRwdzZTpA6zJefEmSVU7flHAUoOWZDUETpCEMCnhIkhZHIV3tshppRrq6GVSjs0gOmlGPjDlaygAnjQpcGkwDMKX747V0lR3ArsnsmAAx8w0XQjjuiYUqmhvfOA6xm+Y9XPR0h/iI5YI0xPbRMiEl8x/ANmMNfZV16gAkfrSK/1UpsLaKDpx0QatYZ9wJ/EKyrscPprFX5MRyuJQhsIXsr7muR1P0rCrafgImRiaxzS8m5T+0Ic+VCU45RDo2BafkCTs+oFl93lPG7eLcItoSDP0QvFRP6ZGeK0a1ewAy1DpIx/5CNnRp4McFmgWOax5/YokJAGfn44SMt+iWJVjO8CF1OgOIgZzBKxMYakDEAHQGM1PrBwrhHhJuuSdaILvQUzsQwL4aehhSIE8eYkMyUl5Gnc8EnNzxYoYo4HZcKrf0heq3Cf1wqLe7sBEEDv2rdJDEkB+9Ed/lOf0OdlDwM54WavPwmMV4AUOAJEnkC1ZMiQKswiZNI/9wEUb5DWDqcJ30Ex7NWv402bgnZ/ccmKzCS1KdHhkMVRHkD5o4bwoQEaPFTiiMMzp5JoWpoJhoDXswUdp48AxM8OHmcZhawJTLMGOigiYEIM84dc1ES3HIBJ7EBEd4cgFCygEgtuJFYvtaZBaWdSJxTkJteJK3KmRSHVwyAg/HZNVF6hwJJUrPrnhYi1SQpXkoYykw1oigDQjB1jI8mewhGaJgUJgui8BXbgQUJ098dcTLcfP9ahuZ8sj2BihARrlmkqrZKp8PEcgqdLQBerz4/OOvxULqvEJWvQbZiPtavyKmgyk3GgDtcbbzJ1G1BoPBycu32rh4o13C1ONeIuWxkwnzBVOY1OxxMUQtbN0OIIbj2Npo/OKWk6RMyh8r4AzBFIi5HbEbpGVoczBUqMwvXI9jpn3CIlCp4676ZIaGIzw1zmn+G9VSnMNp1IUS1iu9EeAPtoEzPGBpV0aJhNU6PU8ZEExNkQMvRwqNa2sfgKZSpm5GsONusHykBGLrx/4wAcYNmF8Tl9cHhZ3GBbGitryDtJRzXEkcPnBS446nTviwiB0LTfck/D27YXgc8OmYb1dNjkHFNnuve99LxP7BJFUuJds0gDt6pkYHGGOyoCLQMD/GWcozP0BYSzV01e7kTDsFWmQhilHrgD8X2iNsb6sIW3Egip9pTtvAKBslF+AW3fD7Lve9S4G6zUMXWKxAd3pBWs4DMw6B+CoTh8zG2En8W0dr/q5oIhBzhIDgcBNQYMM6ahSEqzjtJ4oUno5XOAvXZC/I0LtMxFfFVerk1SnphMNY4SGD2SI2cMjico1EYGoIHWUIiMXQcpFgojPEZFULMaTVzhxbTLcxQ4DZKqFaZijL7mBCowufrdVRDVaxaIkGGURieDdWR/KNehxZKOg8rdJjFuwk8KiNhMFxJjXUaKUhKMaSausvA5VqMyZBiXmrIwoYrSWRI6tRddOvEgvl674a+bGnZ0EivoA7nw+MC3oY2ARfqWZBsjNLceIi6pFSqahrEpSLhwQV2nIF4xDFcZmNHN+Uct3VBpLqyZRSQWCtdcL2xB/YR9ibRzDy0X1gq/pLCnNFd14VD1q2wgtmxKallWB3sFfWKMx9oDQHGrHGj3JX1ej3ezmRodAXlFFdz8LEVMcW8oUoGhGY2RFJGzNrndKTynwYuV/0+yOWxb1UQ+qIhPwfjUGiNNvT25QAAQrZ2jLkAvb1cKaT1a7pwGzwczBEv72iRAigczIlUQChYdsylrzNOjhOvNdvEaOlXVnTg4BphldsGxSONMYPgaK2fnUwQkoC8Bkqag4uxX2QLBvk5lmTbwgJfOGGiai2ZlFMja0QaTjP5glB0PtfcyCBYPGjamW0CwnBo6pD4+BIM1yy91hJjwNb88vPMKOz8eD2pVRo+2qr7gES3fHrOJqBmm8oAEAnfWpfRs7gel1rcvZI1fcLfMNTBu+Lll2uJlDaIB1clIz26CQBshz5AFfVK54WZ0/q6w1mVhoOkVRVZNmwOcWLuk0SVLIPoIliGlROA424KCiZrga8aZyCOWRgBYCMdhGBhWjfGrHFanme1o6dEZoULiKTjUHC9CtVTG8uEkyFipAHVgLeuFuirYpPRW+TkcvhKalKZyNLWkDOCxdHHHaeG+cNWDSEjMAnaEjNl+dmusggjZsxpai0N1G8rziJpWs32veq2RxElQrSZv2p99giApHssyXN9G0bwzz6pJmDptwV6ItA7LDQfAIn4hG3c1stgvvqqQ10ygxR9IwnnPIETojl7AqvN/BFGjuCKg0WHXCHWN9dgg/UJiQwSjTLcpuJqqjhw1Tzl/VOKiUuHjCmsulWSvN9LU1pgk4wPFAcidqvVuhYcT3yzNHAhZyj9GqKvfSi2is+7UhS7X5UW4GfVfRsAEio1MjmyKvAXH4lUnm5rHI3FEd9uD8m6P8S7OUd1rSC5lDFUBqgVVHADW6XXplHLPGWUPbSeECfCMj3SEJL3Oe5pApEJFLMoFZqRWsgx7fupCR3KW4qgTMT0BA8o63HOE5nRCf1cCSb6aRRDYBRQ6A7Glamob4VfXAdWSFiSI099NFbpcFB9pxVwEkRVOGO2eSzcHWLq0QHwVY0SkH/qaCsTCtTlfbe50kqk1e+uaI3dQIkWZi0bV4rmqsRC1knXza1wcyjrKc6r806X2GvlRKZe3CqwNrPKnme4c0T9wDU8YBECJxFscwMd99IF+CNZmY0JmyCGjqJp5MDnPHxCEiWtIesCcz0sZHs4Xw/YniycF+pWTqsYfE2AxogHLTHNnR1HgJgbiDLxlupEGlQ9JJGmYozCy0+24qLkWdosr1BchDF6vwdElqgy+/2IkLb6nhwkVtX4cy8gh5BHcra36mBK42r0yaVdDRvfRExkSfdB+7pApJEHfmU6QS6S0uEmUcnRgdDLshKeEvaqrUAgFVmuBB4VZ/y7vEjgCsEKTwUv5hxNBGsgGFy/CbiCEXGADmhHG6kVMIKdE2qJWSu4IrFgkGgrtMkJhA9lGyIWrSwxiUGL7jzESrFVZsBrVlASQ54VEtJzYm2L3EvKtROWZFzrVLhbCSHt3dG69pxRJcEpZZqBWspJ5QpUwSPLG07DnILRoY4iyMONHdME7D4Ami1kbyoNOnNwGYZe8qAUOBqzlxsRW6EAy0amMJhqNstWf+bmzp0AgvJqUrjlEWoncS49J1zxvIngfWw8Du8CXVexTaItGfMlxPjojDGmZEGjZPnxPsDBu2ddIrWV9jQnR4F1TB5qOkJcBiSdnp50MFo62M3MGFJtt8A1m5C2MfIt2qIKJmnRGv1xn3wy8udCKuEy1AM+uLjK0NJcmXY1KpiTB36e5qk/ZQS5DqRa2UNvrUAJeOajbQRqRcsdY2JgonqJGS42xnCJMAGjuN1CooJRBLc3nSp4DEpYu1NLAnuCki2DnB8p3Ml6OVymIG8KVFNdb2+rI98LOKLCLBgp2cFyVWVYaeKuQmrqhMLLR0+BgtV5HaJnVM+BKmXSyklImGMR6qQC1sAKajG5TycxqQVzw6O2XfJFrO3T/MLTNZNZvG14qFGlvoni3WWpqCDacgwrBF59R34+Iyb9mAjhqPQhZFpVBesAf9K72aLqY8WjbVLtWFmxw0jBXYQ+6uX2Y5lf6zvqhYESJJkYFOZh4eiBdhZc7ZR0VFpJVw7oamTShZEaD5npBX/UF7AiOVQX1W8gTOvg2R0aUan6tpNjrtS3SDhmTcxAUr6D06pMc+HV/+Hgu2i4aYmIWXolA/RvZwNgPBfWRM6T8u2EeksIFS9Y5ZDUYRl9VnBosPpEHbdi+9M8CGsBo9H4ICOD4JfbgF4SG4pn0hAPt0dWAzkZg8OgbNlTsQdvCgVWIbe9VwT77EJvm7jwzVOx5RKaOxcUXh1DyHs1ufcZG8eKialSQB4hxAW79PcaYdusFWZh9ihIYU0Vl+VWjcQvhZlT9k7aZmVQ6bsJPolxg4YrmelL6k7CRMXwJpDYwd2PHhU0Dn8LFFcgDFe9JMqlF3urqY/+yO5pYgZSQHPZep7iaSsEt4wej99shJGoYAtxa33Oni7h47MiTZs2N5GuNqsY8TspXpcnh9E7M0tpph29f5XrlbUTyL9knDFbgR3DHfA6sKJQ9wF7+dz/SKA3GPh2ABGqrnsXVfZWM5+yxktYKJ6hPcabPiRb/TPlfD04oC+QM2aRjWXPKoK0qTePqCwC2wsllvL9460joh7G7ZyntMAjjuThBgq543WCLJqbNzER9sEcOMhUy85U/jzN3spHh1D2kTMpBBhB/B40OwbMhrI91py1ZmVeHX9hdpOC46Temaps//3S3N1lFCnavxiX6XuB7xQDfEaxa0jEeaPn9dW3rcdDiS7Y4PTRAeqdeYcvfdQ3uV+ySirzE6MSyKRA4a56GaPQrkjGTcN+FYDcv2we7LjVRIkvGQ74uwrwzW8YHlmhtZL4VsXmd/NS8VYcc155cLH3gj1UwmFaT/jhwT3pMjZWczWEldn9CQeLry1QhZCpMhOEELhBXRtZBXKfG8CjzGXBWtHGjmRDfnvpDIvc1uPkpYDISQXUHR0jUOLZCf7jd0K9M+P422l8RWyd7nITNcG/K6Ocg1wr0HJV4p2NFKq1uZTqzqDEcb4GMq1fa8noAWUYsoeTHnK79O+I58YjBKzySqzUwPiHGGVpLEiJnh2lLlrExzW1kGYBZ3gyUFnPkv5sq52b0maRoD33l+AUpzVXdNUZDke12qZUb+8R3dDcjOOqSxYH0S4bIGCj0KP/JZqbvqGpqxfHdQ7m0vwKfNdp2rJbXOlRTGQDxvyiucCJq824j3dR1mZQZqfs+yHjxgyk4fuMJoGDb5RN2GQy3AF2bxMOK4RWjsC18MiJ0XVXMebhfc43qsu4mhjFlh87LUgEHevcLLIPk0JELLXusNPZigr6PzJXCXlOsndacGzkNWuywRgMwMv+8HMCtUB0vEARr+aY7ZE0MXRvAk4De84Q1vfOMb+cu3xMnEqyAlNMMx1CYpxoAvPUorqgavh9egX52/+arNTNvaUk508ikBwvdQYhyIKIOwZp+RqnQiczyFZxDxOGqgBIIadxKYjHHZe0J7/IUhLG964gQL2Ucr6UfFvFoHH/fJfvryEwK4TsiT7BZbN5JPIhmLGHvVIOO5ElO2gYzEfPNGlFI7phnG6TtopdnadBy7177Gca6YgzN50CJS7SL7ukAmgaMah8g+NZC4bGKzVzWJgFUUsRAhJzXmVlBHnlX4el9iHb1Qlmk4kCtfmrQsMM+htfBqAd9u0UitiFSQcpMvwYIFdHVte1STvJDY/HIw8ZxRh1XC2DgCrIPslCDAAZeCauRVwcbMrEeV7cYXpLAeetZUcVVrSmAF/HqLVoJRLduFaBlCiOe1gqQHXoXIE6K+X/Ay6NMAT6YLrz983etex4kHHyFG3wD3rQWX0QHvwq9e9apXffkLB19yvozXoCYZkPzqciwYKagvM4R8aShUDKRGgtFJ7p8KxGlwP725OQiafFIbyfAMLm9m5mFc35awPyg8rT19z9dV818KfLa0hNcbL/v6wjzjYwtStS93zQR7gODF7ZEt4R45YyekZKL/5ZNXZAJ1aoSdxtkpah0GUyfKUAE45UD3w4JSmDR2sOi2g2l0C/a4KEhprDNzoDJL+GSpyDMnLvH6akNysAVonG4lfxAlx0Oq33lFvO5v19ESU0Yp0d0X4CAcoySoOQEONLuhzFxyaS3hHYBIm6RoLjecXXZvDWAKgZhQpxnI9vCIlJAVBxZlyb4Z40qkjwmYkG4lTM1m677RH5Z9ZZuvfTBR7SHbMdyhaPoieYRGrHNmgmOfPxoKAMLXZrFJpPTyPTygI+ZY8+mGOkhqiIqdcxN8eKcx0DBsl1pGfrlrFcstLAosoONvfW//VEpmIueldXxJsuLxfCXelEr4LPbAAafI1rh3qe6akmt7RTf67wbgLg0nNNC/lQBcSXqmmWWm4cAXOJwcluQcfibBA9Fjo1i/L0O4hANq0hKjJUoB3kRNHUB2vBz8OdSu756sOy33SOEXc3zNa17DKI3j9a9/PQnDl8eeHHUO3y9+76d8QUddwpsgQYp2+YmUMJdLXNWsCZ2X7WngFtYakc0Kl33RAuZLdx1pFUxNw5crzYgIMyBA057GyAefRK2XxQeu6HRuTWwnkZ0uhmlHh0gYjjT7S951fiRsfEdZnEBqpqqmLp0Q0Ki1eIrrjbW8+cCvXCAoWhLsMD/otzJe8WvEBzjNWoGid8vIJmzRwAiLUuROjO5FkpgTiUGhQ3lkpbj4i8SchDwReG2TNLyh3LLDfWRKzDdI73GlarwvDWs/9AUjuCwoqSyZO8TMHFwejljiU75bm778pTt/8TvTsDo9lJ6WcOmJQHP9gvYwotw4XIAQo2KPCUkA9uB6bfIianLqeEMhWCxQtDSY4qffHZj2MttJgNVSfBZ0cCeRK4zAl0Lf9mydgTU6BL+UZHKtcwa1fc3Ql3BocJGGaZGyqGbiVGeqx1LIljc5Uu1eywf3XFxaCXJ0lgyvVge+UV1Fbg4aM90NCrXIgdp8wu9Sapgg7sTwFERkC9LDYe4P5JSQbGb29U+OA6YBFNbMCro0f32L8iWdyNY3b2DKh88sZRZOCuHU9xbtcRFK/DSCNmDIqLykkI+69wDxAUcqRlgdEpmj631OrfSv5FlRW0qCwsSPnPFAJ9j9PE44qrqrkOlOe4cmDg0dZfomE2PQitnqLwocdIaqSMy+aSk0B5HA/5gDvxCD0FRKz5aNKiiZTXBUWTX1js4rRgkwqHnFrx5BLdfhF7lxPTOcI8uVDARLF+KdH7fQ0hRXjCftpyeSJBaRxomafvnpWNmhp07kQM03V4ws14jnaLgatq660am0WaDQESlpWg45SJzumsy3j4ylCtbz0XSBA81OwulrztP4/jLldrk2nyADfAvcFM0NI2QYjbnuk9P0rRsCwKgVTdMVvWDfDcwatrbBsU8QNHMyyWaKHQE6qo6mRsehY9hRhraX8mZC0Z02o79rJ6LLpyOa9zVTiZSkp2KpZlx5qXZbTWiXhpNcAzQ9g5grpmErggh9ZabtemTdJOs3N/alk1aIiTsdio6N15i4n8Db0+Dmo/gAfQ/TMDrDl0CN4nFRUONjfNIAvBv/DDFuPFZQBCOGuc4zU0xY5FKzV+PGLq3O9Apj1slkKaw5OqQxIjJq7w9LyFgb6AxD+17OUmK+01B4hXNy3yim+XEbsFxBpwhnVRcjn3wwYKwIY13jCTz6hv22CqXN+7caZyXX6zDuXJZR3vDkqEsIFWm6x1PqXUNJs6IafbhlxjX4Jnpykk1SKyM0A7ntSMEqKLWmkPXikeDc0vzoiIdCgCMVh+Z508WlxOxitJUG80GrWlr0bGFO1YwPtUdciaEC12WqKkVXg8zIu+tuoS0Cn+q0XjSmY1Q4NeUj8rHg0EJsWZOf1jISH5hmdD9mWi3cDRmR5NTdgs6oaJqMpUWwkU8CPjSPU/exlpi3TlpDLhidxxJ1GK+20aStQNzuZ2moNCIZ249K1JKNxrbn535aTilp7WAEXSyfvtIwkhcC7B65xdMjfK5Yo3hLpSekjDo6fTdexTp1jzjzZf5rgazRJHCSB35+mYYxkayvREZEqLpjZWqXXPSpMjVnWDl8W7XfZ6wehbj9XukKV2NZrcAm1TEjaZa02Xv1VV/1VV/91V/NX9eAGW0zf+ViDNVZna8D3UkaBqnz0g71TualrWYSCw5nCIBMHjok6URE4HWe0xCjRfHXqddA4NyJPtYjXvnKV7I7gQUCtlWfT/Tp+RiM6WTq56usliRtzRRbbZF0xW8cNcMgAoF7WVsaa+mHjm4iVSzSLHYj14oAw4F2DpZEtzEPjTQnJBkH6OuMH8JHBbCQzdIrcQHB0goIKEgdJapK/N42ZDMRTQlYaG4ChdRqSBGs6PbDRxrbxYQqBGO3XIxH0qrpxFl3/lqTSX9l2faVr73xJNWlGd3lgisOvqeEVasQaSaZVvoSF1z4Dr7qGiFDs5/STBczvQZjILLjCiMtrV/jUNF18llsprGpdTFmsLbgnOjhwMz8uhKLSOXOxKl84lwbm6wufGm92lusqIHdmX4ioH0kbn+osL07be4qAgTnrstLONPp1uzavewOFrcBo7z65op9R6fjWhvk66TNJVIDlhZmNPRtzEQ093yx3Yxta3ydl5TMX376re9Ajrdf4nKExOFDvZfk1UihWJzx2yBySOQC1SU9CYj7liBl5d63f0O8kPmLlFhXY9qAyQN287Ew/6Y3vYmt1BwkYMoXNugxM7Hy1YZUMaqF+4w2irDwP/ReyUg4ToaDEqcimq6rxykHx53NHrjieGuliPBrXgm1mXW4VF8aGIAg2Oko8Lr8YeDbC9MCtPJoeynfRMyarqTZ3CM7G+J1gYaRn9lktOprXBZXpW1j6rFValMGwfxtPjXiSm2xSml7vdSUfK5B5102yUMdWTA1fmsJuAoO8SxRUCpdPjtEs6ThqmuDgHGg1hONWWd6dMMUJZ7v9RUhNEe7FGY8d0NVPF3WLKBHyNev79B71crqSBsQ3GdMUiYW7OMwDTM8yg6FyBpu93sgIwUn6AwobTP9RgfuWQjB8m7Cu9Sc4Ya/lmntcDAEKCdg2XPO2I7Hk8jTavpW2cY+nCGwzNwcrt9EEaC7jHFS60xAzKCeVHTw7trPZWRh1ZzvVrF4H5qBSTlC9jX18pcN9uygfulLX+quCic5kwlqcJ8S5sXqS6Fq075RXoHoHWkgAQ1UvZtSTLUqbUdatdcYHcaamvYOXBRX9cdgNEHKsnYotaHTjpXBpkdlZRsQ4TuUSqzsWDMZkRvXTfsRuC1r+hTsJqFGU9IZ42w0V4xCQ1yuL4YdU/5J6SyiaEq5bTCKXXU4v0JfuzSdNn4rdwGysUNvWURaJbRR06hHr6j0LH9sNE7LpI1KSUuKo7HFKTJtUJfYN0yJTqHJV2Ot9a2C4lzfb1Y9oms2GZ+des1KF9pqbEO/aBD8OWq/EvALShkvtSuJApctq5deNk6D0fGcCzUf7A9tXdvikABOMoTad8c43PhAL99ccYXwY/dJJNkhFRFX3e+BTENPTQaeY09uUKr1vnrVAi5JpY3r0JwgJdLwZaGQWWitB9SX6+VJw1NDlMhwB0w/NXFJPHh57zSZmPLImSIEQkfmDPhasyOw5C1PkoBViiGg5kV+Tl2lUtiySAtSK7LNi2nMSVjeQ4hCQ3OS5Rg+NPJ0MXnHErg1LbNCiaGNwz1HtA8EdbdXikyZaz0HFPsc+Qo4j+D7nVpp2IBKYAKIxOiw/NTl48WjR0gk8E0DjlMzW1PbV0a4jolmT1MIkFQ9In2bBMZx6pSqdjHCsbtkVzv0ZyIGJ5fr+umiAYROzy9jAg2UWIstEf6oejFmirhiBI7zLqNDJQjIYPKoeGO6oxvqqtaROnIwGs9VUyDUwGLfKs/Yqll8ZdiaUxNp5TQe1y7GZipHzeoUjvAVRWLUSM/12vBlxKx2HPme9Fq1wZ8ZDbuusDlUTw09KpuLqLPa/QoIedenzeiVjXaXlBsFbBYd14C4h2AgSyipIbspskYHHcndBIwRCX+XdGoE+h4dfe7+krb4AN3NyhK8OnBUJiQs/C9JgoWTB0WEQ2HEd6t4UzRkGHOtSByyt1Fv4lF1yMvsEi86V1/jUa7Fbsy1wU0ADXl0qRA2wmxp4xBXiEz+88Q5GGkekYbBGKptzKBK2OcMLWo3abiCauLCDX3V8CZoirdGGEPbxj6l0Iw7Zq8obirqCNnypap1Y+reUpV2MRU1FCFGJzXbbYazG2M4DEHWHBCWZNDKuCkKpd341Vz3mrJjUKR62zOSglvV6MvBVX0tcEKbdIpRw27WMkWtWMJmXEm8KmVqOdUaV0xVWw1VU3O9npTeCG5lvrd2ae19dPIyrNeirEJYXR+pwu19qdPUVW7i4jJ8NGgxr1XHGIGG4pCdUEVaeu9738vLOE/IiwWbhi9Hw8B0kU/gBGgfM93gYrrvZLpbCPDi45sn4kIpvMLl/e9/P+MtzhOnqnGHsOq0lzGiupByPuyykoPRzZSQ1H6ioEpJjPBEOOfA01JDyqDBIAXlmwI0ca1lsqQoTrArNhL6lOA+Ka7ChR+OhQzzxAlryir1xDOSmMQ4O/qMUMhsuD5k/0RErU0SjNnRQU4u3gFw0yVZzaTIXyKtFdshopaDTzqKyENntMTZjD3oYg00jnqrhT87pUQaF2/ROpRamoX6WztWCE6lXkJYFWUnxVqs35c61dyzx1uHwq3lia2YihyhNlm18G0x4SiTse9HPvKR7/3e7/2u7/qut771rR/84AdPRsPVvYHGLq2Td4wgCp+nIvow03j5OUKfgNxbak2cBGt2Wh1uZsaXPvrRj7797W/nY8xQ4uRHauTqYKPfJhasFGqDQNs3a+EyjaM1nT/lf9PmKJ9YiycKPAvz+xi3Khr2xYTMIkCAm1emI7BqxjHRqsGEbwt825uMLw2sykF6oARjxg2dN26CCt5KQKhKOtn7rBSaBqKXy9iaBhlaXUaksUEzg7GByUMU00FzlUCzukvgFZ3WhcCzYk33TRqW/RWKFVWNQadM4hox9akkg6s5pladvs0UY66RpFnfOqP2miIdx7sxb/WiUkakzTLHXFD9KJSsTOgiDW+MtVF2h42mS8tJ50lxlIVx8JLtRFWlnHehXXLhRph0V09awCFS474hTDOttq4oaGC+Z/jLxOz3fd/3kX3JRh/60IdYh/N9rZek0sB5bMOub5a47OVmCuPjye5xR7eRw6oO05doRrRlfZfkfUmJDSCGDyNSgpCJmboYF6sCp01emaTH0DZa3VRxY6Cx0K5k2yajzGrGXK/0pG+zWLWv52v2Fch4TkttI7HJ7qbVPBjTsNQopmbdCwZ8QPmsnWY87cjFxOvkDLoDSnU4q8QtrmwGxLqJoBLguAINvpUig/UIudJTqy595DBBZqqT9pm0UJJhbbTbaFDdVY/bh+Da3paJD6PNR/ty1CrLxj4/W1YYrbSiCFNqTf1GC0E99UQtygnb1sDrSrXaYcwswS0hzqQogysbi6yimgCsHauUKkbPk/jVVwvLTY8Ba8sxVsh7JThmMHIxGm1EnXzRCPil2LWPhi3c17gw1fdhetj3deXvMkwjxHHOQQqzdeuSOz/6sfGTBqGOZVWeGKdanGJPRMtJmglN4yDXkn5IwBw/9EM/xKzd5WL5ilm9woe7LqVqMtD+phV6hYA3kob9MEBEUY2knQMQAfoyvxpx9lQBmY24P/DC4VNMxqPRbcxnHknDK5tMy0uZCHZkUEq0Q6NSYla8tPatiGp0kxIX7TbSk5EaOwQoKJPiRqqxt6os+mZ76iiHGubEbkCv+Y9tHLwUluUDTBRvMg5OZRsZBo7vaPPLAdjn6BEhqcpWSpJRLn1cFTgcrLsKvF5tphGQRLWKniPqZic2mBpPxWUDldiMJIbkrY2IRkaaLSkxa5Fos/aqqGlAe626waFZAm8145iiWDQzRXcoQL2p6joWXuUQvVSMNkgItVBoQh6l12q7lfCbZMRbj2YJEUs0W81gNJuLl1k2Ke8t/rHu7k2tSWqKlOr+ZDsuOvMLQobRh9Bf9zPv4WxyG4xjFlDFi6bf/e53O//M2y7rm61uIrLmKh/uuuxuMqAZJwxx9i+U9onnS1FriyGG7Tw8+3vyOpFQS1/k8L73ve9d73oXj8cYCJ6LcW4EKJtjELmU+cMbpBQwiq0A1siYsHVZbFUt1BSOhZBHmVJ2Q+XJRzsCCqRYtV9Gcn+s6WFaWj1QPtizb+Xze4gcGDbnToY/C4y3EjytWm4FclP7Val0E5DDxrG6VeksnJb4D4GvmtUK8hLU83LbELZLw/uq5JK3uxtYqR0eq7r7EIiW4esXDjFWsSTk7S2sQpbgsZIigLpsw46kd77znezDYlnUWcpDwsZmlVSA+zbaPbRMSnNCnMp2rWkvX9xxWaFXP6QxhSoDYp47csL88KAj9PzgD/4gkiETw1rdcXZfSt7Us6Nd7fNrxhkZ1kiSvVbZMW0UQujZy2TqmNNhRDM8xwqp0IEj2c0gqzBb1R+CLYP465ssGcv6qofMCkzF5UUwYlc+pID90IsrnE9nOMOCqHWHnF96BzBxbcbrfK7Ng1G7HzJnfefyVX0SvPLZqZriDqPopvp1eqOOL6eia4xX04pYGj2NgNolSO9znMORUk32Wt2mowzWQX8aV2ds4q3mEaugnnPjoc4YI2nMVmKmPnUonPNmq5bXDyytjKmqvLY5jKobCz7coqV81e7hpMeIVAjuSzqkfPRMOo7T4ytoxhoDX2xOCMQLNkIz4OOR2cM3a25oBr7PIyZ0kob9cNDmcFgPYZffVgKsH2vLBFT1uhY9/UkXNEV71gJ5WycPutw0CQF8n2JiqoC94oDKwwZVKfvQ3EKhWqgJIHZVt1wZIMa4Fr4EUoNIKrPAr2KvUTUYga8hVSJrDBJCnUkLAWp5Xw7KrFpoo8BphlBlYS1P2XHFcwopcjDa5K9rzHV+voU2ufOQDL+EXVG082ZFtYAIFxt1C8062/qSw8cUXY3i1qjWiCI6ShpO46rKqbLSdxU/I5yWX6fQ9BqDhtYS1WTeOG4+YlSDNebYnWPqs96VxyANy1zJXpCVR9gxa8MqooKtmh0JbgFKUHJd03BrpknYLClfm6nqqIx4S7U2nY4FQbO0SK+RMVJVaW6IfsGjNyCaF+2RPeLd8y1asjfm4ATES6qay122H0XslfNpbZXXxiV0J1KQfd/znvf89E//9AMHwSGyRltkQhrmGIN4ZQranBuAhv2MNIz4ed1oIauGMbtfMLJfDOT6CcCpD3hzpx+HvknmQCYTs2/8He94B5nYTGCIaU5yDnZq54k1er7Qpi4UHs1MtnElsjp/6xuYY3DZYGmaajwmpJ44dSxfe0gt28Q4hZlk4F0guBvDaFujaqWEW+YMpITlUMP5qFuut8QwctFC8GXxXSVZqZLHaU6dik68FdrU2KohnQfPSHi04XqrMlsNMroYQ9NUES317r1mdZfrl8KXeJuFkkOvHLP7lP0ptBihdzdOEYWO7ER9e/kcspMYsnLti0npczSfuC2ng5U72LlJYTEOsJOTyHk//MM/TA5moswJuocfoGjLfkQ9Ri11Lnca6ZwbuPy2EuMYkvrlp5016AyDUoUQhRkQk4x9d/w5v/DFXOKP/MiPsHmNXWy+MiKGfg7ncVtCQ33zXx32PS6iZwGthvsmSSOUo7GYU0ZX2Ikf6mbW1/1ZGbWsQiQA89JWbaOORYJuP6x/FkJ4FJgx9X2x+yi4foUAuSk4OE9zOMemshBjatDnJdJdGnbaalXbNopvSkK1byt8zqvIALmjy0jAAxVwWRs2jJnocz2YEfD3f//3/9zP/dzlEjV2wwjycH9Tq98dhexXZCGGNOxIrs1bNhFBA4+KmoYNpjmaRqqKzU+uDlIT+IXHw8eIKwGEcjLx2972NpbSuZ4ZpFGPJ258Obi5NI/4v9VPPHwc4ggqVDUdnfvRCV9TsuswRWppVueK6yih5kXlTEvH/dwiB7PjiarIoi3bpFfi0k3qbnwjoNdN9vVKpOFJi0WXErBBVcFll0b5Kras4Cgfh/hR9CHSjerHIHlpkPc5wtjr3CCnJN0XnFMXpho7lKF+lwnwfa9Uk5ua7xDvXh3NesfG12/RmqbhVj4D91Z5VaeqEXycpt9wWGmrJJ1v/jR/3CTrmp/C9WXSamlYasXLQzi8PJltR/u0R2NyHl8/5JtLfLzl0g/DmmBBR+j0xZObvg5W3C+92Z+F0EiiHE4Iq4iqx4Yi2sl1e7FR69WvfjU7tu7LxD/1Uz9F+fLzP//z8lir2ki4KbdRkjTTTFp/5m8LQ7WZt/I3LfPokXmldamExQYkMnmoOV2LSjQbo1uSjTSvjprkBKKz6AUB0mqFaQpM6eP4oz4sUIUcXgITXfuFD40n3tqwK9sQLNeZu4oEGqcVXbUHFZoHXmOHVdTjeYJDFc7GJMQSydhS5Z5oJDbcQkGdsauMx8CU5AqL0GyTaOB5ZXl0Usujxm/rUhXUIFR9xdSnchBRVUpkmDJxb9iyk3WxWGw8dNR4rd2b6iOo5miN+FYy7lkbfTYkXafhy3BfveWkcWsjcXUgdQikhapqgpvqZgq82dmegGpqsZ7DZ52FHHSwwFYstmWxKXo/DqYlW1L5DCLfQHzZy1528ugRiPJIqDQTg3yls3FhJQrf7eArRVfNAMWHVH1/VmJNC7hhdrTOBAXgMC9NJuZzUvdlYt/uyd7X5uewkD1WG2b1t8aC7ZOZNvZQY1+1ugrz0J41jFZBVu8QjpBHl17ZcBM+EKq7ZdBW3acFxGkkMnOTTbEBFjvcJs2xMa3kEszSb6DZeAzBY4pNvgmdMhLzG4WsMA3ilc3RLDfmkQTWcsClTluAXok35hdGqr6CRZVFtsnrikVRbNwt5i0Ztf3etptqpkKeEtwo32OpEVUKq8lV39wTgL+7oGbtu0l7VVaeVwtJxz2EMaxtrijzlXdc75S+NLiPwwY6/ItJ2E0YNRFn9sgfJBJm9lZhVC4IWy95yUu++Iu/mNHw4XM+oDAyRg4Q6b6YfRp2pnH/NXViKHBO3gey90A8BwpljW+kHy7qVJjMiDKXwMo6RYM7pMbEc2IJY1V30qu2EbX56Q5GVugeTliCjrEgg8IE8Vs5TXvfVc5fajtf5HLC+GV8nNJzq1pNXVmkl7CWtBRIncWp5w6d/bt3zxCcAVkdI14ms7vlf0dHDaCuQdwB5EXuUoe5m3IzZXebS1hRa5U29dZaXr8IzD7OFq37/CoFQssK5qeHMH8rPRrlIcYKvNZNh4k/oxkwkkKYVuVBxr2T05LBIvuKWYuFyEMjG9kBiwORDam0oaIkDe9fmQlJLjMfhqeWrpJauO4LHPiysrPTh0VGAEIAe6cpZVhZ56JjrMTWTcHR5GMGvXUeZZ+GD0ceNdG2cUCb8RPdyrz3uogoYu35Dqa3DvN9nRbO6zPTXdOq+m1ybhrx56UVVYUK/FK2dtHmeaSKp+NwHz7jzV/OeW/X/mDdx4P2l0/by2M1Id28jolX4WUjq8su54EuEraaAXKd6B4RRU1TFJf6mprTys5tHBpGn63FzSYNc8sn12ubjYg2E0sniT9Kv/S7yyh09PqO2NMqmDphcolsquzEzUA4fxVlTKpBzmTUyo7rdSRO1j+fEdW9x4B4KAG7u5bG9iLS8P4VGSBi3o8sxauY6Xi+7N20pmHBpk9qbiRDy8v3GTHucVS9qvRXMX3qihAGVUy5v+51rzsf7ocFaGCHOU8x8QpuVKl2Mj+xGUUllCesx7VqUBhpHnVdRZpSOsIZQ21N+d51TTFkq68mXiBXUI2MzMVNlRu7FUh8Jw+Xh4wVv9Z/uCekes5fv29YWVhZV80Edg/92tveLNNY0WXJ8NKSYZAt/UnApFUzsYc/x4P2vO7Nl11j7SfBLRQq4SwStzQz1iW2XEWzadiMwB0/VHmOxlkhIzf0NXVbI0aoVc4jtFpbpIHyia8JJHlByKMXjHE7ZhDf1J0rYSuNR+b0rfPSzZ5bvpdm4cf9Q3yN81O/EFftXsmrLCu3KfGnaXgTyyqmc0tq7FXiDkfDyq4SFph5I+PGRY3U5BJHh3ePhmN8J44qUisPhpvsLSJz7Ispoh5jRDcxye9GnaOHV9+gIwGFycM9szSjMti/wtoPK0X+Md+pAYw6qhbvuSUCs9MsflNz7BewR7UysGO3OYefkZFr/06NpIWMEWANKHsrqrwYf1MFjtKoomihsKbhaHnqty0y5qehp1HbGAlAriOobFk68Vz7ptBB5iypsLXQT3JplmOgGLXfgjUwqyhW1pLrwdJi5WiE+lqKm5oYaki91O9Gqo3aZKOWhvcoav5uAhx/AqoSb/5utrTxxwhBK62sNRtQoS2/2qYqurLWpFFrSnecrJxRIA1jOI07j8QEu3zVAeGlSds4EvDcn7GcsQoZMV7az1ijtC4v6gLqJbnKva1onvRKG8Xn9pzLjjR2g4lyv2y/aWCNObrrpgtTqTxteTIUZoBI2vOF7BuzGHGNswJM/8Ly/i3QMEJxAHkb4nlo6tY3b+zFC2tQi+4++7M/+8u//Mt5kAmWDysbITORThqGcr3rIdq8o29iE6h9l940Sawgq1nn01Yl84aqBJRpOLZjpTDWniBuBDys8BJedTd65dPUYslxk0ccil0XyALnRtfWGTZ48U3ikJ0XoZlqQhecEF2JeBT3yYjPggDLMjHG/NxLbzL2eETzABQ8ukqSB+rO5w7vE0Kt8O6DYK8H5Z6HIN70ZXh6+bWAVXflchjLsBVGXU7SPsRLU5yeCwQK2SNN5nBubXUAmWzEnmSYus+kRr58EfQGKa7iRx1WTgLMh+hoilo6lQbT76997WtZC6diONcLmYBVdr/EfN5rRcytOrWMUGLZNn9YEFiDJ1ZuYtOKrxjwdEDc0nCoslCQ8hz7yCgBBFBnL5i2ZfKWE35ya8zBjxhnq6akPMdUiRnZTB0n+o3o6hUBjlfOHfwZtdxEqo3NVx7NVU4StFmxB4bBxnKGlSJyCvAZVWnqGhRWXZ7EJVdGiBn7ZeLLRypWBpZi4tLO97b0CGlYyd6nQvoqhRyAOpyUNha0mCsxl0KJm/k6xnPijbCBH+FqZCe+l0UL9mf5dvvNAVg3oFa+zql1zTtEaqywvN9y4uBmUx9QJAnBcVuLaKMcKsErc9R5zArAJLizd/qVr3wlgf5wvYCO5GDTsLV/6m4Zb0e1HAN6jVb1ihwlrFd91eFj4g4nrJhi0hVmi+w1hdDeYUpd50vuFKzykS+HFCMZl2YvI2EnEOrQJJYWfquRS2EIoA3GQFWHibptPi4ZXOmuwYTIqCNin0p4FQFpPNVLwBofgrEannoxWEuVluwV7wqfUaO7RqrxNJIqg95qxrNxWBFNt2JU+cd4xsJOBvcxoeqU9jGk1ouftUSrdtJ4TOylfZVGmnE9YZyLSnU8WqyYxhONStpUxGgS3JUkhVYZ3ETXmkGa7SmxGM8YPbw7ta7RPGRcgUyj2S4N772imnvEx8VNPT5KJMx4otsoxI34vEVjsgXtq4NBgO+d2I8yA1wBHX4YkV5gdBpZ/wnjppBLmuOldPcbi/suqM0YN9r6Ca74VTwKgoG2T8PwuJ+UpjLgiG9vAmU1oThS9VV1bfizaOCvlkACJhPfNCZmEM9yO69DIa6pIGkbvajeUpstIrSsTJt4XZiKBKoFagmWldOQMYZUmuml9NWxxyPBnQaW8JWv+E7NTM1/w2MNr6PupqhtlsAqtYoI1H4vIV9KiOiaSA0OukzFovxzcWPY6ZVAQccE30Z5VBaBiyXKQtr05U2cfHbJ7yXzMU3+cmBCnHP4Gcdb15ta0tq7avLH1FAjnEp5BSjXowG3NtqVuPTEiCstA0S7VVx2rBwJp8b8WFp1hDqaqhsnxZ5KJdhrOK1wbBCTq1KqlEfLMdQEnNEwamOaZQBQWzo/NHXGevFQ19BvoGtO8QvcbUxkr9q9bZ3fVViSqAP7gfopuaP9qaHKIbI7dJuU8OdpWPvThhKFoUGdnXCdSu3ks04IIW8qPgHe2uh17SI5mInuzXNBpGEWrUlpqyzC2hLTxSelkqh1Y9qTZbPP1k9HEOOYmSfwsWmcl1PyGhNXVSGbTMMm1S/4gi94+ctfTta/tAcQ0QVQZGKmGfZ2L1XKp46Z7hByXDpGSNDxRdnJqXuwtIQY5bNhM3WAO11bDIJ3ru+N0PBh0RMIUY0xYqV0I7KBSZsEHRqkYvPTgdgMd3Xhu8V40jFpwKFqcsC0L3ebZNIedjByczA77TEbnnnjL+dcJAez+wyz5JOIVBg1eZwQ+XHeJjXfrcqyvR6tSWw4dYqYg5iDR9TsfpN8WoIY+2rVxCUQcZIPjaRWmKILCyq3imLjBTdRXoNMQs0I4XHeolUjwirhb6hPcaQsnPM8ifIG0Na9Vpd7kZFLfDmzmnOG6vKw9tcQMwI+T8PCNzTsjZhmcf5LqqYNMmyqdxEvA00S2wqmkWs1qwHLri6fj/5lhPzKIIO4xts2/Gww32b47u/+7m//xeM7vuM73ve+9xH+bG8m5okRXt7JRyAOXxUCy04Im7RMhKsArdYenoZrjEYs1JFEhIwXL3VnqEIv8JhxwzTW6NXjkoEqc3Joj44G2cCSllYAlwpVtta4CI1z9xAYv0znnDxWCNswYolDA4S2cVsJ05BiCUkkStLaxZLCBwT8mU8i+rkzMXpcKvTjv4Fmlmx6TrBGYtT1ZOVcADcN08A0rJGc40rLSH7jzkDG73yTAXZoHSyDK6Q2sHLNhJwFyn10TlkzH9VQMza7+LRDqonMIchVizvyo5QPGRBCgxbBIcTLB3mVYOwgGjpPw/lOH5T45NKJifixUgs0TXlcq7uEc/7yS7FUgOdCzgRDuqsmNjlv0vCeeFIFWdzt5U2J0eZ4Al4GGeTdb/3Wb/22b/s2su/3fu/38pOPSvFS6B/6oR/iW0mMRWjDJKGQFayZmEeY2Kd2YlokBgY3WXTXKio9TRTeMr05TmpHDd+VACWpDdslkDPo3wwNAWtuiCvRC9lq9l7MFFHgiMsCLsFCF5CFjUYk0pn/9I3bKqXRzYXsEWY58f1ZPv/mRi2MylzeyuKIRfjNugLZW5cqFrj0mww4MYZKao1C/kTOpFjLyvgO50bG6DG0Kcms1+bVm16vMSdir3iFU6/smfKuSpyGxCax0Zjt1Qw4crB9NBvrMnZVu81PSYJTyhT1HhvQ/LweNseIoaX57UuOy3husyz5KQrxSoalpykzEqi+LBbNQH41dXkZhSaKSJ4TrSiu1yRWIYznKx1FRAqQjlXg6XWxNpw0HPOtThUFCz1oppgaoZbkiS9RM4Lm4uWHgISmeuIMhiEgnKwNg4UIQjoxojG8O9yezSAApKowVfYJy1UC52k4aaA5yWj6oynk0a+I17rSyLKPDiv4qIZ3HSC3BLXRK8YQgIRZC//Jn/zJn/iJn2CWj2GxAynXOD0AyBWaqcfEAm6Rgw/3aqEawZrDGiWV5fhqzUlNUCnDZVYicwQ4V2rLylEzjArfW5JhiHHG3lhjsqm1uSGJv5Z98Z1UotzKxdFPFSl6R4N1zK3zCrmGnpELQ5uNheP6EY5Tq9gW8pq4lGGCY02ro8lVaSfCZMwNEDcTxH4CWcH6E/m4bp0wJSjnD2S8JfJ0NzhkcrUaQJCqen/Ku/bQVF+5q3zZpUXa6lPN5Boc7YeLkrFqnGZCHvmVNSGEJJwU0aWwkCOnClJEjjryClbhyhfQkpKFMCWSZoBllUr7lyNPUhIJbbSToJBUmTXFTNsHgjYgPQowxZmu5K0R48ZW6y0lmepqRc/R6ztOiIjgqsg2HcMeJ3XAzk9ci8XLkxc4YCUc8pmw5QdQ919KgDBMhBnpTGLcOhqO1Ypd/Z0LKpXdvgtgnTerbjmdal7BaVao2B3KHE7CN6vy7cEnSwa1o9NEl71wQjK0b4fONAAEn3wpWXTQRpVwMoNtMMqIc++uezWd+2qFo3sbQZSMi50rQ8IY3PbFUZeBpfzS73QQN+gZF5SwVchlrDFOGRyZbICADEC5JRcGwcMjycDYlARw0t2ICTqqZ9gxMdCxVSExIYew+qn5mMNeifXiraqsLN/k3ScsPG6bWy0wEzbV7CsQrYJYSoC15outcpIpgZXGuZ6xqWAtmFZmZhtHUIZuI2QUqipXTsp1fCflrOjo0pTbZM5dcPmd7PpESdsC+UBN6WI11IwAd25zk1MJOpn/kvS6lJUc4wkUuxf3MjIycmIp0bFpyh+CONF8rwDII7KDgl7ojL95gPiScpCyJwWkSWZkDl4cwfXLWHYJvDXAPigpMBQsWLPmHFxsITkBtXJOP4xzOe0/ReFM/gn22gZVst/KB6A3fdEdb/dkalptxgCcXzoxSNQKlpOJDYWT41aOHqU9+q1jCyzfAfEeOL7j9t04nYnZqYWVEeIRepYfYGgTyCfsuKFBXFg7xPsonZNPKuvQBTLmMGIYdg0gJ5To7zTOW+EymgwBNRZBIQRX+dDdKdBVfpWS2OFlPDkh++OhjXyhfWYyNoNF+UU4pGEEpU1arvlGAQ116pLcBbIrLIZ0oOnCm3LBkYybDxSUhZ2lkrhWEQAUWRgGBT9P0rCmYiY2C1icOQfAFUvDB2qtxZkpwIvqtcWpmi9bkI1jrHQzMuM4L8ORQAALo2GWmi7jEcJiby05ib5OwKLI/S5fyQAywdrlRmelzveFYYVOruLYnLOiyW4jvvDD+aHC1MRJxCFwMIX7Yz/2Y6x3siUVZn/gB36AxdSTNKzuEp6iO1Bjskj4jjQMEMcflsNxqlZItZ9GZ2aV+YbS/ssNNINfvtOAbKthIIdx4DKVNmkYRDAo42MFXeWg58fZciseqEvXLs0j1GM13ajVmLVyYy2WuzwSo3KJBfCoGVfZhk3LagMHxuaWcqf7uJiMssLIdbpn82ONa7qAiBwvesRQlQB4/fQW11EQG4l9/wyEecu536aXKr3cinEmH0+nEMeAU4Os5BHuswZZCVY1qsNn8KBco1JiCjzN0rjST2PLX+9G0WnTuKsENOlNfST2k1g3FdcmsGx8sPaqpggKbMxPj0uk6o4EuGjJwhWk5C48p2ocH3Or7jCoiLRSHDCfkBGFhj3KxL56HMYAfL+vCjonRCEAYnRkfcouVV+qyQGxhyk80W8lQNqAFB9kKIWF5Ck11zqnKhttUhvbHIoXRKspq+vnhse40/Apl9FA95Rxl3EerptwIAQnQwimDJ72IVv4JCTGT1iGfPK8AZt99i9ipBc64/sqZHrVz+FjPCfztGAhVbzrXe9inxHH2972NnYYocgxAK0kAFIIONkRRkuqClIviN761reCixzMYLEuqW7knBjXHBI2wX5HGkZBDKMJfE6KGqlreKrRKiahCYGRzVbu7docQKbEsazJoA0nQdGXCw1ajo9jmVo2lVz16jGP1ujWpFc9IrzH/zlJ39qyxsHEEat7/ppIaOMUi9enXbxOqHKahHjBX4wEVzKSbmTrgxw0SNg1uiXjJhpqOYliygqryyeofdSHTEw+dqpGwi693uiW6Q2x5zOxeyeSvJQjcuEO8xhelUBVBHQiJf6CC+KZ0CLsWkOMAc2OgHKMFZgJwVU7yrBZBQ20wJotVsKxODgR3Uhq9cExQ9i+2SHNnBdxZ0zuaoq1PS1xOuTG4bOFeKKjYYVfu6t9gdfNPcIn2mwWwvQjOoIOvVjtoSbyoiuMU1eKC5uGk6olQ6VspGobWHCCE2PGpLOgGY+uUm3no4eOApc1pRpHa1RdrA3X4LL38P3dqSwQMY+vIAKwOEVGTLGmRqys8DGsuQSLTTB44kGXD37wg6Qrdt4C8zJek0tIw3mLhc58Pk8LhT/7sz/7/hcOpogx0MMAFCX5TMuJ7xH7MH2eqf3Qhz4Eay7VnHis6m8CjN3cN7eMlPDeO/K3eJl+OHkTNfwiWPhlpoGRInUV5xQfl4z7RicdcuUhU9FVKSm36oTpUm+1LhVsjGFvFdwlG1E0UHG6bQrBYhWwgGFwt5W2hgAvkksIHMgHO2SOhAiCI4zqrlRxN6+CSZoBYB2mhOBp8nDO0M9REyvdp4NBYv9ARrlOQl4ap0gdvjiooovbLS/9KLE+wsGVEKBFbZNAtQEHPRTQCA2fpV6H/j21UIi58teKpMp/ymMzuXMLjLQv2Z9WDJcCr0UD5yaD+LJ26PgnAcou/kVuWhoHvmlSTAKu3mFWs6zUB4VguaP5rWTOdYdkZAS8XjXh9djbNHvpIJINWPecBqM2djKskjyMwSPTAHupRmUpg1btqyut9HsxKS2fHmPZeBnR9pzgwDxCyrCSJMogj4PZXfIoHkJH0jCfFbrc0IsEiUEkYB6Aefvb3878bQr2jVz86lmyIKLknLGajxGfHPrYqrrZQHAqHmG6xfQEl6Z8K659Fz+RdIg9zXAk92d5nMRc+uoe2DeR+tM//dMvuaYlTsjjTN/1Xd/FHAAzAcw34JyX1BI0UeKJ712CmsZQI8VN7rAxQm8ZAVGuE1buHEREScM1zMUfOTEFkg7dW24hq7SnSLE35AM6A6UtjZhNIxVLoNmYmEgmI0oasPjLqMVdEc6vHJpELXQgyb0gxu5L1Uh5FAHx1OuwxsU6u17hGApdU0do7srR/Vfjb9pj7b6mJjl4Wp2cEPzx06aGBVfWrYQ2O+ycK7beMgfLjiYRRRgQTIpuA7QZ7W3p7vpE3alMhEaQBBfHpjILGaBr7yPylu+9v7WyOdeUNd/K5M7h0PLa6JXsxrvqXShLeXtJBwwwCfCBD3yADMp0K39Jw+RRam29mm/d80HQS88EjtMXhCSX1veocS0gOyyrjV0tviT7gQ2M7wjtvvHoOXaw6DlVdyqLW466zqHZki75IFUbq12CQk2wzGcbLgfEkIceKYSZA/jwhz9MUeyM6x4F3kt1xWEZHrttpru6XoGn0m+lj9Ekh/ajCQULXTJdvyc4lgDlVu7yiH1STLhCHK6DpdIv0tTjNq7+YgMzOqEK9WWu3iCiw5r/bDzyGIxCzgZjSyu3tLgMRMuNmiqciAsgzmm7kX4TZ6owBRUWyCVKLE/RjJKnfR1LaCTTZgGbMZYylFlRXAaZkHfpFw9pIJYTCFXg0ZQFkJNbMYARmrk2Mq8tObeOjO44cdSbUk/J+9ePO1X1xSqinYDS0Ro91f7RBfbs2KAplJ95YqpGg5WsBOvdOELztdrGZrbcGMMeQoi53qJlLNC7pkC9aJGFShDKyaqnFNDFBz3dCOCOCdRgsGDe+LM+67MuVxNPrDBtoJABGWk4YU4lQQmmc7ggfRPG1ji2haDuSIQ3oa6TadXCHHUdzor/kq384sKwk8OGgOqTMY+RSFMOB+GyzkNs2KExiC6fwwkE1IfBkMM0HglrcWpjwJV4g8tmfBCkSYE6pJ4SFSdJh/101HUTcRKquAheKhW0Q9DX7wQrkPhjkr0XNeNpUOYuLglMd7fy19BpBBE1HWmW89BZxUJjh022j+qV1YllSqFlh/W6QNR1NddRU7IWCWiBZkdOfCNNFKfQWny0r1ia4uIdMRuXnLUBlVsVsWJWkqRN5cYG9qYeC6nxdtolLaO7MFuF1vp6S8K8RXdUgL8otzj1KPkIJy4fmcQm0QIHP30CBd4jhzTmxMULZFujR4sb6kg1SXBozk8vJuOgpqprbcxdt/sVtMZsDCymWEu3JtIEmWZp1R+r2GW58hKAj7BFq0YWiPaJiCmyE0etsQaNfu7nfi5T03dDG22RRPs5n/M5JINqzUqf8PRpn/Zp3HosdFN+fUwCFH7B8NZ1Vjoawk6EORpxogmacrPVIRyaYdPM/tGlzsM0J6nGUANQ1Ip4Ka3g/RzvSUvYYRs2H2b2EZoabsbuze3HBrpxKzI0khzVgZP83IfiHtSAXQXHRPzEx+QkRI1tQEMdezWLDdjQmUTVULvGCVV0MTw5As4YxdEwuBzW7AWueIPL2OqsYLJ7hRCyc9FVcCcAOKDKjKIcZCfCSQ7wCiEvj2bZ3iswlRViLhrHq8oS3Fturm00G8NrfdNcarJLywk0Y25+bkRa1drOx16tQYQ2MtXMVVBpliqEGMsEkk6txC6PitSUY18ObMBX7FXfTzjlhHIQw3Y5rKGz/giRKiLVZ6UqWoBs38sbD0oziwzM0hCX4mYqqGpjOU/IulRQZTZynkahVWY5mtC4VExtgPkaQW7qVV00lTVEkxdf8pKXuPBzH8DaC4WR1z/zMz8TFNZuNYvgNgyU+ew8ZnQTOjRNdjl53wjEWDZyAjFMud+KC9uyVriUBtxtXAsGXZC7hJMGRFvwXq7s7gEiq5e+9KUI+YFwmlvija94xSuY8VahyYvn3N3RckwYYxhNG0+CRTqN+CYwG5j++QtHTBvQxv2GZqBNEJnSTy8jo8Wlj9QL0LzrjneCo/sTJekmLHSpMwebvsZrGjikjmSkfDPssIFi8Wj6FSwxVzZ9dsuYftOhywABaTh5IM1ivwnUx3Nj0xuHMRCXdDvCA3kEAvI3pKzMgOuZMT1P/FNhYgYUXviIY+uKNBl93Am7Cuwxe5O3A3pF5KSUx02ucW4Dj29b8MCU703xvZKb7W26BJx/xmd8xste9jLA3pQaRxGQ8PhCgB/OE3KTKT/xPbK+4e9QiFgVef0Lv/ALKSrPewEc62H0RuI/L1mAj+WRxqDwkjzYySeNK2GpPKgbzif86eWOlcPpxyl5+j++yneTEFp9FOSSnVUDCIMLXjrNJAciTfCNX8lvPVou9OeqzYYw831NJzgtsx385aLjPCG3HFxh2jIzvdEU2mF8fzhtEJ02ahECWsMy3e7Lug+7XrPZPlGGQExth3JVkDSfa8Rxqn03cSoNarXhiBxcJtfUjnpoTaWWLMQHYmtcJozTHi6QWEp2DeAmRky6SF6JZTuSCeOwQAlJN4Xs9Joa6t4IpzyO9hwUSSoaAMARmmPim8QlVbKJATP6wrWjmin7KtS1/ExcndtbtfO6mVFcweiJ9ZPvZZpOblWppjRxhO3TCpkcyt0xZYxsRvI3eNClgm8yC6RMe9IwCea+4Y627oEcKWyR4+d93ueRQbGVu+s1cx6fzEPEUVhlTYsEI+ZIy8P8RFDA80ntjqFP5O6DGQYsYh8VxsnQVsiIgioBUZxEZ+ATcNnF2mK0PyEAaOcfSsIiXW44yVgtBDQ5A4GFhle/+tVk4vuMJHIGMlaBDDnIIonaxlMVOmamGJi31EUl0nxg9xqz9EYu1nlRLwqh+i2QY66jQCpVdjQTS5vt0TI1KAZp6dOgpaVZMLGMc29hnERGKjb3LomRxrIALjfcARy1Ug4yl+D4r444hSzAqN4rSU60d6E3qKsXx95CgAKkTaoTWTN6GDGDV9lGC1U1tbGakhEmmZzu4kpFIXmyX5UeM6ABVoTE+KugJF5mHTtKaiWpmhONxaiLVQhhQUm2w2rsMoA0Q6qOoADrlVoj2jGyjS0pB6f0fTpLZqU2plgV6t2olZ/0YlsGYs+ir+qbHoByIOv0deqw0dJieEpVkdrdl+Whbq7ETyvvQjPKOYcXA44G4zJRDfbv49SgcF7EYWEMsnKkDfjkSxwkMm/s7DV7/2i4KiaGpVAIH4RFRie3zriGVoEDzUkzdPb5n//5r3zlK8l558uiQkOgmBcJmO4oPnPCMZTIi1tkfTQB5RyXk8yolijJp+lJ27VC30vcj+xqOuiMVISsYHBfYRiU4QI5kLwvn+NKZBnzUGKoS4aHiRBbRJt5OjOxZsVsixf5aRBEidQTX/ZlX0aBRcjbOO0Gvmv5pPMv/dIvJQrIV1yXk4Tg2Gr8LVFG+Im2NUTGkwPWxFODlOxUvLFbo7axwKPyIkauxCDNxHFjww18MdDPanolOxCaiIxZWC/CwbqsOwHlZxiwohiPD5CIkehD9Ux5hCnqYlUUjcEEHVkwhZggDdx2N1h7SyLNbZSGDMr9AofSq85Yc3DVZs6JCcY+QGUMHWlQWxAlOFwyTM4QrFSFtcqIr5dBaHmGwi6BLDuO9lr0Gw0sNUq0U0GlvXclch83tNL8jd1KTLXVBM9q7dXOq4QjEKeULUEwgEgm3hH6I0lNFDljpRyObuMRU6e2r1UgeZReZlNVo+nm0HdSMwkcOiGSktEZC3up0GpFkTCI4Cj7BuJBTUp0d5ncaVcOc5l68Uryd4TDXb/0E39Jy3hB9aOVij/5zW9+8+oe70y4tIxpA8jFGXxHlW+BPyFFUKiEWOAAMWaHKN0f5IyTr/++hElLZ9sYrTJpTLGmxcevminzUyvxjVrA932qI4+0wWkZATukc4MDj7ryBPMlVUQlKHG3MI2dWsHuYWr6LkCw0wWBsPYpFxDJg16gm9JWqcVMiUfOltfQYyQCKaEQmikLLhUNKPNBJp02XZqEW0spsTyCL9hxIrfGxz09UI4xUJQgf6jKE1AxGL2IcK9IhdyOeJcLSAg53gVJ0GN3QwZ3AeJMRuICzbTMtuNdjjCeLOsmQCTEJEW5Yd4xQcKQE9oWasL3/R5GIjOQMI1TNZ9hjQY4TMVFBEerrkAreRcCw5fn8uKTsqDIkpj6inBqyDMIIn/8BXHxjBlmLJ3mV/ACHFBy50EDunCAKNP4tPEVVzqpRYwUBrvdIR59waav37FSd2IfaRBw4BSb90FkoSXmhobABIWLo74vyHUNo0Sqh1gjt/xmosJUtpYCOVHFGBVay5ihsl+dEciYio9Z2lE47QAOhGkGxg1J4hxi3PLpuM29b05OSKEH3Z3NEku0qRd4kWY+x6gGY2Cmouo+NvbFKcjN1GXF3+wkMbb6Jm3cDwg9eU+Zaa/GgRqyaOzeFKzajThxmX2skHiHEHUSSyFojQ6CXdgGrJ7uDoNYu6oxQSguTmiprt1X4S05zeFF4EADZgZkK+P/o80mbXzTN31Tu1t/rjrKGxSDhmd5ef0yz/tzwqOfMLZBR3skQpnD4IZMbKCJdcYrAMXbK3lzEO8QAKaRrh3AcWc8OiNNUuaj74Sq5l2Kz0ht+BOp767ixVW8rqi+uwqhI0fmvpgcdhe3QYdP2fOWicuqFkroyPquMUJ/IxHCFLh8tSnxyDrD50yIKeQ/sn7qdETK89Yk41FBhi1dAsWTq0hU2pZSMpRzAgG8KeU7v/M70dEl2fjbm970JuqAmKYO3GyueV0wRkHN/+nO2+N4Ow+UwDsH46TVM/tw4TO1HMxDuHfPhKEkq6ujbl9e6HUFleAi8fqVaTh7m/VMuqt3uhDCuAIWB3AJl3ThMI9GFCYPWAB7wquE6aJSghhd5nSjnDAjLpWIv+j8ugaokZWvTLcC0249MTIarJ1YM/7GtsWrbGWWv2YdCcvWLcj2hYIZsCpkQflybzdXczjsJutz0TcdCspRAue+hwFEMsIVznFzCkS6+7Ai7YHjWzmRDBd9QzvOYoXqh9R83SxwsEaFlnLc5ORLMS0moAcaXJeRF51CFfDXXGW+9FUPAMxChgpNFNZuueseNxXEkSIvtmcXNSvLTfWGmniEr0BR+NU+JdVmcq3B1EBPA8UFYVK7cuRki5hNalNtrJqoD5H6BCkyzIpGLE3L4UDUnFenDl/1JN4R3vUjxWj8dOOC7znglmZpAuOKzw74Jnwaa8ZWOUneVWKC9a8uDBBDq3rMbAr0O1GUVEpLJWDaVqQJI5GwwodCfC2z8dM0bPh1EI8pEpCblHZv3fzrf/2vxw7Cj/3r9QYxhqsEUaSvvvNVEiYYC1irTksJgDgGhVY/AKDPhCsV6U9kBEA8lqjk7FYaAxNoDrOsuK1J412jlVR/MxRCtoiAnPd9gws4VlWk4SxsJA5CiZ+sz1GdLWaBStyJFxlqbcjE16iC0dfH0CVrNpk91ijhF3S+WCpwdELNRYFw7nMX1T+9y1+ETKbhHVW8y6x62tSRMKA3vvGNVA9CzlEtIefxOps1L61isSXY3cQL7yoUOfCXlogF4fgUkHvECMH8Va0QoyFpG5UqwUYgNVxWOo0F2mocTFBaqWLkioiUf6xR3dk9bq8K9PO0F44Rx8Bn3E+4kSr+0kaSTGMSYxdOrNMNu94VewZwWq9jIzGGMHCpaCnkJ07H4XVFJA0aiUNSGPGbM84B+ipmV2HAYhnBwTm0gdRZFt/hjEf4blobxAscGXAdXvwempNnBn2u+ApDGQEscBzjCh9oXPQ9P5Gqcyo0c+ZAY5A1ACadKBZuOaKNYMN+LFaTEIXiql6svtImP8UbsPlZGzf3aYGiuNcvnKqRNIsB15aNgHrLjkLQWcJIbtWLGpWiM3LGxbxV3S0QRmLGK0nDASgoSyJrMmdQQMoVMy5tTPmup3DRWtCfalaAHKZYYfJXdUuzhYWGrTa5pQ3oZTH+UG6S0qdiGE2ncX9lKBmVd/syJjQNE0Wbindp+Bu/8RtDnAZd49TUFKYGFKKRjrWkEUoOkW/SsGvjXDcCgiLlZOXNc2+5GdjgoukgVjzcVcwYbg2yXQSD1KqTqD8jkWm4xrWKQqqqxCr29GpKqq6luYjd8F2dpznMKGp1VDumTfVzwKpH0zAvjCQNt+Q6AmcBmzRMkaReqojG85HHSsD0XIfRoCHPr1eZA4BGGibyRqdcT1JcURIiE1NqGLWX+tKQEiA2NjxaTpVwVeVURNo2tqrzI3+jRrVzARo7zIJaoNTWUYuRSxZomakmwhZYuOXdKm0jlKqnux9Wcc1ClzTi6EoRDlf8hoTuaYJUR/x1iGZVRBfOAcKwmLvmVzeCGRPDiCN1WgLZBM/BiQ3cPGFaNSKDFKeWVFpiD9asqemTLXTSDNFo76uBNC3od0BpcaBFJRY1C9HM7GUzDTtcVHuoDh7rihl4ooQVb7Xbai3TlFwdKog0iWkc8GKLP7VlOlZoFWCUFdfQj7SoHBvs01uto3zpDhzIB6XHsLniqFTJo3eLv6Rhx6B1jdK0jTHQ1wkhLCGu5BKVXkBH54o8poRFjFNJrpSiGKuElRszRqRhCspHS8MArZa0UUalZqOYapRxjITIxpgwFU2Sk+f+rPmsWeRIQxVZvWugr8bnXUdg0pY6aMXa1NlWXtcoWfnYiR/GvKpYJIZbScPM7ZOGmZSeOn8l/rWvfe1Xf/VXG2QrYdPzxkhz9Yqrpq4aBaaiiKvEACqoRkl+BpTOVgsOzfhFS8O6jCUjscYAAUnaWOVlmobpFadL1ZKLGbsDZ2U5ScNGNNd0mOsDneODpOH4kbWRc7+JjzRzCKJI4cJimpYOUv3gmFhImWbcEMZJJiqkn6Ew7Z1styBwejktQeTrbrji8Mgo4U/HRlxUtiZ+2YE2Ah8HFSd3WcsgnXNikccACyIFpV9PqzHNxuIGat1ipvFQHTI9kwYrGw7B96VhTRS8fl7dEMeEHDLZlI/T5JEgkMA4daKahm2ZiGcAUYP8zUyvoQardpFVwriL8FGHW//iwsEuL2ZiumhpyrbNOWtONKOBE0Iap6lXwYrUc5VLA4tUVaC6sV7nZcWbZjUc1cw1lWSNUS3EtVuPmYbBZPjW1Faunthd9a1oVkGzdrkMpmlsDavCWlyeJsgVwVNeJNh069HwapeirnxNzyWySaYa4lSqK4KryivxG6W0LtEjb2zmVd5EqCltuYhBv/71rycTc+UZpeFmA2MUsIFWFI20nBogoyimXbTkFy0NS5UBnRDjcqnRzdBmIEuKTSEYS4ixaVF2NxgRaBwQc8sp2dEyAWiicvTJT7pwQujMBJWBTOcyFPJXsJ5HC4a5mJbBkehmnuAnRR6viGcwGvdUQUC2DYvKbDwkNZI4Xcd1ckt2IM/8zU+X4YHjXIIjb8HSkcTPuXtwgEwOMD/xEwg0IGsy5cOOCtCxWUQ5cBc47hWPvzsDEeBRmfTQnl54DbtABM7I5lWvehX0ZwKvKqsapIxP03BtVgNIrluuIUzeus9UP9chG3+Encyvji58mYZtcJKGtTeNzUSocfrJV/Z2xHrJuDw8AmE0RvJ+Kg2ZIyX3vVZ09tKSHZsiRic2uM4VM7HG6SyItm2VFqdW+KZzWjo/6o4Nvs/Gh1OhRGPmMLBrZhDGLh/HzTVD1QBSaV7F3gem4Yud0s2T9W3trFpbcowizq1qGU3ZxlkPpelRL+a8CkVrVn/p3txmJKCBWkFubiNt+74jqFX7SKCSVxs3CdyEt6pD1zKexj4qNEWHafKNSLaGGZo3B6MQnixibSP6DbTaq9HQbtUue9aazFuk0G+BMJp+MFYIo04bJTZYkbQRS9Pj1Dsq8OTIavax/3BkVBK45/GOCi085iR3p+woLsAarWxjyDPDecRsqn8lSgrBcKZeBGVooy8/SYccBEoC9N//+3+fr5+Rtz7ykY+QCNnzyF/OOSE4EsRJmTwcCAFuk1YakTnQ3BHtViDrBtqYDGgJRgZbzIFDCUiTem2cCX9actdhMSNvt1hLvBlOvPLOLdI25LFlkp2DbITkisuQcM0wGnb4rCqPGICX7sRxB3/qq6qjBr2qlGpUo61Wn7UlbbhItmMfKH8hD+elfHEra9VU9Ni8ozkjP8PsxhntlWBSuzjfiwbf/e53k+oYpvtZYoa/iJfZV/4iK9TNZlLOSXgqqHmNdGrnnFgGVQmoF03LCaTYm8YcT3GxX5m7VkKu5UNt3/M938OEHwrlIOJRQvE5c2oaxMhEcT6nW5UVGkYxTqPHVLlqNrecpKF6GF8UsUvDmJo6qCrMeY25es5G8dO4MILyinzWc39OKTF45W46evFSZCPkEXW1mxXNUxE106/ErG5VXJXfRkP1nCnqJpOINGaByghJmCMPmVwST6Bhx7UjDKW6N4l2t/n51BhGjqo3jmIfjaG5d9NjtZCpIlbBaCOclRzGLrQ0kjqSUwJGkJFx865tkoBH7hKAmsusijklkLzuT8dSzjZzRSKjZX46PS5J3qqUO7WejGiszDw20ZmoR8IAMgGIERLjJKIewZEDaNxirpLrhGn3W9ESIBIpNG6BxYGRAnQ8ZCnAMMjvtJMIuU6Mk1qXwAUig26yJW1Av6/Js27gr4Mt5yfoxU9iNLNE5DxOSHvc8jWZIrViACPlKYnQt9Bk7w8i9XBgJ6lRH1cg0rV22LFWQA7Zdmc24ojPRr9kNXr53A4uyZMCMJUNvcEYAqKp0R8TqzlxCsGCTIEoE66giNRbGkz1Su6SdM1nNQVwjoRZyAcapQyFPrtuCSBUVHLqin7otBDEQujoXgFHw87ZwAXkOX0Sx1GzzktbRGr2mqhexnVwYYQUUg61Sbq8v48RBZUfiuN9D76f0eVnkNJGaKnhONc8okGTa/xCjOorctaSk4a9axoG2piGL3ZKJ3hNI0vkEv73YXqTV2qcbRGn8aYmKj0rsNWOW69DCGOsF+8JI6PpjzKMAHMy6rK1WQE5v65zojIKVZ5WukzDtMd2eVoJ68nKzRRdk+pKpyupHrJQu68UEQcYtVCtonWf0p+AtXGB0SpaY/MKF/VeHd4rWqbXJcCIllvVmUNMjbDGIP6acprZB5SBhp8iSuAg6hF6fD8aByrObi8hJw1zV8qdx3bAkVQHHMOryZIZ5m/+5m/+O3/n7ziJSgT883/+zzOPStT+W3/rbzFXqTS+8iu/8q/+1b9KHGTQTC8CK+fChwxQ5O0QwKGvQRYspky/H0zQxziJ+GQFgh1AuO7Weqcrmf3meT/uftu3fRu3OHdc6xNlwIQS6gOis37Bt88Zr/v1Righ0RKy6cIAlHEekZ0BPeTRmGjO4SMbyj9GpSIQLH3JQ1BFRudwPzC3qDCM+D7rwaI1b7wHhelQw1ApBlgYhDZwcZeALrX4r43bAUeUOEBDMmasEFbN3uc/ndVvrgFwmEVWrllU+OY8BMIo8x/8g3/AxACW4DMONIM21rDe8IY3APA7vuM7CDLMSP/ZP/tnwcJItL6lIEjJhVQVAKRuc25DBqEfsIwWoNOiEKZ44IcqBEnSGO7Upnq0hlBikE1fyGO8Lstf9EVfBFVYlG04OEeqTG9o2D6tA7Pu6fMxPBAhvZrstQqI8cENsNMsbquTxkP9KTQmFFH9bVu0eGAJfNOgWRXmuVJ49DQ8mpfWGQJkspl+esWOq02388Zj7TLlfdN+Sq0XK9jarAXNFfZV9xXGgLVjZURrxhqYq2HakGiyIZtbxJHXvOY1X/7lX25QS/geex3yuJLqnozcXXVvup4SM8aaairpUoVWratR2FBImL4QpXtuMlPyNDCXOO4xIjjMMpsacwPNkKcS42LJ6yJqZceU95aGwWvuJzgCgagX7iz/xQgoB6PS42A02ddBqpDdoW24pxnZghnpv/t3/y6hkI7Ezb/wF/4ChkTQJw0zVcjFpGHGnX/zb/5NhaNBmpL5SbrlOXuqQPLN3/t7fw+wykeSXCDkcXZIYt2UxOkeaVhwSARh/CSdfN3XfR0tKQsIu5nbBD5YnOjGvIn70MnUJXEZB1E13CI6Ix9OeBEQL+MjQxPZidRcoT2BmHfpWG1IuTS4bwgaAEu1gXDe+ta3AtyBoGLkYnalMXz8mq/5GjKWuSSOptFyhRyGz7qTA2rJ2aQ0UlRsTBPKQJY2UIvMLU1sphVJJ+fwQhAg88ViHa+LnSz4FV/xFby0wI7VWTRaCiPyHAKkEmICn3c5aI1kyj/xJ/4E5Qs5+B/+w3/ILMjrXvc6ihsOd9hpVI7ggYyWkRLFCiUO3xfnCmGHF0iAnZ8UTxktMAMBZOq5d77znTxsyXCWNj7AUtMwKEzD1IK0BBH8YifUB747XdMFy9ve9rZv+ZZvcbTtLjAFSDPSNlqGZsfrNOC6lZbuTOkGa6bVGiiUnl7pddMwB3ZFwRFJ/oLNbN6i5aT09BBBPUSmqsaA2OJC61t/1u5KdgSb9iNtI2HTxht6KsxG2Ihuz0g13CaWgNoTvOG0usSKjI8toP3ipKJx3zkcbA7/IfYxPlipONf9eBHhxhxwKOEKtnbZoBv9PKFhtBCvbIiZ6q7Jc2V4LfPpVOPReEmDOJ5mJp0mTt3SfGxyjVQzGvaEQ33Zt/lUKFQjdknLld3W6/bK/iYQORE3asGAZeQioLutVEbs4jSjmcMozAmQCakkCSelXR1kXZZ4ypCO8ZMtGSkS7OhOBmVYScQnoLuERhtSDumNYMpFrpBomVV2iddXPbhhm4jJxCMZxVeFYLGkAUhlCAUQNzYT4om5rFNCgM8l08w5SZr5uhJuQSEk0QV6nFKGawgj5zGkJp2TBhge4T6+j8g5W+gEhQUEiGgMScDkIOyCjlEXDZgD4Iqlg6/7pj28WME47OZiHd3qtioOXuCRlGndAOUQSQXgfiVX2cEOa3DkA10gwnPdiB5zNahqAMZYBM6w0tchcN3XPAAW8UInMBGCltycDsYhiVukIjqiBYHDMjARF/rCDDhBUOQzfgIWaAxhET4XYQdJKiUGi8icSoU2PqJGM7hmpkTxctASBSEoihJQo2hQS1ViLHxpXQDBAtGXo3nYgWB2DkISlRaQ4Y7SAfiABbhvtnDyX4s1waN6xIhwuAgo31qBiNwEDndZ9p5GCX3Z1x7QHaQtdNz/TunL8H13g2T08aTCrNXHNF7XyHU3MScdV1Gv9a3s1FuH3W+iRIsEI6aGwWGLDAKwPyaR+PmOd7yDcn58CdeIAlP2TbOcZCZnRUkrxarTXnbZ6zoiWok0McKWJ7Ia27SCzwg1LQSn8MVrzk7iDD31Yk2r5s4kPzEKyiUxDl87YCQNQMnjisM+A6XRZ0Ve7UsbQg8Bhe7Ojkp84rW1ApAhgEDpAC4pQXZo7KJmjfKm5yo3IBOz3ve+9zE0Yc2VYVMc1kqRASUhmDTp9DgZxUVBmxEciXcOjr3CXYYUDJEZGPGXcOlISGmQjf7Un/pTf+bP/JnM/plRqm2AFAh/7I/9sT/+x/84sV6wNKM7ZQFD0szSg4tYz3CWCSHG5QTTqlyauc9WCNAPNBozkiN2mw9AbUmRqV16MdBkcAaFAIy+HAdrAzSmo6u2HtY6Nq6+ptJJlowRv+qrvsppZNs41K72oBBSKVrnVe+rUnKFQoOc+mBchnEe7ECDOsJiyabMfLjAgRzkqEqJUSyiTk6CNbIUcPIImbWRRZ5vqqI7HJHLrcawW1+wrxPlACNddBzXfVUZuZNKiBkFpiUYpmOQuICb7ySMc1TMiFkNYle+agnUGT3Xl8NYPlpojkKOmi4j/J1pOBEqcarR8Sg/dXWPTXhNs4eE4EchuGmiWsbdueEhhGEfFIxM3TCr4/Gt3/qtzBFhiHrIJXD8x8cTDbXnEq5KucRyX4NnZ4Ra9U22bWgjlNQZXeOj1mtWczYigY/rDnk5XBAFKVmH2t9RoEHEYZnzYAFoBOQWbUxREnwoTFoSp4g7zIX6FotmvTTAfiCD8YpP9JohHEJxK3indu7crHmIw235zEXz+ArhlVvEXKI2uRDKmZghMjK9yXw1fzmncCREhqRMDHgFg/ySL/kScjCvlCENk8yCCAopN9/+9re/5z3vcY6UI9O8AQgLjqoJsnknOXdxCmirMrFMIXH6gJllVuDAe6YxuIgeSRg0tr0tIclCKr1oQ4gn4jOwq2lY/8KEHB2aRVzDVv4r5dILdPCCVN3rZEvz96hcbQmwjCmRFQmJoSqDQrSD9FziPTk0XRikXKNY4YgtUeVT+k9BwR2DgW//9m8nKbomksMRuT8pXFiDZ7jvhFwSNlMRTKQDH/vhRcWtIlGJvhDeGgLJWCoxoqWWIstyYDlULQxkU0LRkXLQ9WPSMCfwQvxEMoxbsEnCJvMxjGTq8vZNTrcS6f1pWMtO2Xuis1vb1DQcwxpNqmXrW7E8o/YnxD8j1AHrOIYwymybW/ZxDGKT614ZgW3IIAD5vvs2XXlJeR1KXja+r0GT8GMVOlJ+h20nDVu/Q4/bNTNFZkHd0rCJmQMJOxfqRCvQkr/dD9JKftlHdLT3XQRm4hO1CooE4Osha3y3MnDMwWyeL+X2kSEO57HdzmruNxDX+kBtcpEo5pwtB7gYLZE4WaP92q/92j/5J/8ko1W27bC0hkGSMsFFygcyUy98sYNdgcTEGIYj/qgYgfipKK77hpAgghfy/d/+23+bjM7co4RJZLMQcrBZp5qfNKeW8pbO4hirFmcZdaX6URRIJu/jpLvNXAQVIG3wKZeu07cOSU32Em/KbGXN6DLWZG1mYupZAUtwICCQz9y7jqezkIya8gzPpWPCQkaKpEkG4vxVzkgA2ZJKx9IQB6HMYlGW5QnO86paThjd5mPqzqDQErAQljSMwTCZx5yKH2gSfjV7Xc8hOLfiPkyT/NE/+kedAmG+hPEuFVg1fp+106qBgEGyMu0HEdzVT+VE4UitE8kozEtB7Rvs+p/4s/x7cG41d3Ic0r0Ctep+SPMh9lWzUHUIZyOcQwit2VgAjnAgkhjKyGMshw+RAgGX8OmOBP0WLKbar1bR2p+gbkrfaGGM/jbeW+CeBjnlr/m46a4ZfEDZzHDp6Ico77clEiakKgne9kIwB9ML58fJ/WYRqSs50jFxM2+6u82E6w47MlwzFFY5RDJSCBmOAwxDUTG3sBkfTiXCkqc5WJjwe5QE63y3ytRYx4KRgHzVlEAKZ0BDECQTk4CJg4xImPsFrA/gyhoss5fnr/yVv/Kn//SfZuwS8VIWZM+UKqjsuGroFehh0fEv/+W//P/8nwfjGwSVTEwz39vgUmsQmR1j7eJKEUBAh0LgyCDNZD/0OB2ixwWXsq1WRxuHuS7BeguYwPclFRCGxKwJQGEmbkDGcdgYFqw/uN7GS0JzySOEMUBnjxjjRT8bOj2UjAfnMUtYhkimJVgXz3NfTLmRxtqsOGAZtaPlv/SX/hJq+ot/8S9ywt8/9+f+HF9xZYDrF7K1H8YP+BEW6JbvWCylA2C5osG3KKRTuLrh3jo1QncuYnK+BR0Jq69wGkF5xfG0ygUO42PMkmn/Kp8EigAZw1eNJNMMdZGGN1ktyEBfK8RVDG0RoclupfV6vWKsglslhvuun1By0kbRV8lM9aSfj/6zyV4nt5SVc5ubuaw9I7hTPr+aom8j1ZWyVgSP/tOMJ/FrlM+e8o3wa8cpLzRwCtQIa6DxyKho7KiijcuGBnzYnUS+HIq/bgMx7DoFbdFtF4KC2ddBnnG5JbmG1wQPBLpAGwmSvwbKmhtk2evSJiNw5LbVRHko9HXQwGRIRLjx9eyO20zAxgRB6fuG+CoB7nLREbPY+cmQAghw7Wceqo7qIN71tvbxNBcpqyUbah2KeTdsQjlDOpYeczAD6XOryWRQCHfEfdJqnRc1F6oaAcICMvHlD5y0qK1VxKiUBqyplGRrYQY7QDAMRnX8DUDuusYfTWkbNdbtzV74Y9COqDWDAJGq/KT8cqOyT2pt8OqYcOcSrD7COQv8bCYna0oGcHyOK8lbmDCFjpiQZ06Y3O/n45jQRiN+ObHu28cj/E5PXSkAps5iqadfCDxVQnC5ys5BWcBsNhPLHEzAMDFu/Ze+0pnaxckP73ICBDhygSbCqfMZVWgtdqVm0mfb8dDR9N4snu4+LwkYhUkDzaPO6cFVyMHsESXS3Z3Iz9HpP6vC/yY4hoAkhqnd7wHqeBnt6YRJw2PflvXpSAh2YyQujdOSJFwgYI7O9w35Agf3BNE4WVnFGQ7Ee8k77Y2n7pbKPGGbhnXoTOPsmgnkjLSMKX5HkpCafTFYERk0OTU52B1AUyK5yK1YDhyZyOlioLQEMd+7QRd6aMDjJW95y1t42MlXbUgk3JFEa04CPj+d4SciQ60ZBSyEVx62/H/LwQQ1IbjRCQEMiNvqoFIyxIsdcbGAyo4KHoGFNrIURZV8WWy5fi+dScM1uHMdFftd3rDJcyjsEvLJKPvaJXarR7SkEpWleKpXaoqtMJPXhZZmVn6pD6gzEDuLoL44rEJIopLCmKigTDleJK1yVE15C3cI+5gTq618Oojjb/yNv4Gy+MvOFTSOUsjENQ1jjSRg93Jn3xxIodzXgysxUCSAwJG1rFvztGqsEd0xE87+GA82zTDr06qWAKE7XulzAaBD6aydIx9WiLPnQB1ZxV766abB7i1a7JsY9TqFVZulCjgna4WlgdoQc0hnNdkVeXeAemCXJr1LCdcGK2ljzdgfGxywvHNF1JZERuYMmWUCFEZ8aWfnyprSE2s+t59NS2/VQ6SHwI01dpGw6KjKIRdrMBKF0Vw3Jig4ygEsMdfJahMbJ34KN9ODjsOylmmMGBkZZWiwI+KY1FN9J8pIgDnD7FXzvWM4rmffL+cOnc21NdZIjyiSkquErVqIVu6BYgGPrTSMRxnuKAoam4aB7z5tzNUdRpw7OW+cdXjEsJUTxAV3PkLDzDNlopOKzhIjW0DRjDbQ7JDagyss6cECgZ6WQMC83SHFRQojgqy4GJNRgsC7wztrKYiRWeBAlUWV31F1A2OWEoAMTAljpEUzYJJFGO3hSm7y8kud1kOusqsjiIdIRJTJ/BYZEAvtwQVGmiFSutARgPwEhUWzz/bQhgPU0OPHJ5KDRafiPEfyrjvQXYKVhl86B3jmBqwVIMwiFUSoWLn54Q23aCErtUl5xAHvSFurQ5t+TYTGQOAKjRECvEAqZMAjiuaWfZnlpi+8oCPG61ynuxj9anu8IwwqN+fGnYBBTfSSRx2EA/UhQ7QMOnfqUZYhRl8XaKXoEoOr1+Z1gOMjvhwGaFiLBhNHCz16hOLisD0Qsgftl/JRqwWqe3/913/9Jmy1jmlZTWcDvBFd8a5ujVFPJltaui/rXIbpWkpXHo2SU6Qr9ptUV91XfOkJuTsmSABirARBCkw2QdwqELpjo+yRYZUIc3cGppW30zRwqyIaF7VOt7yNHScVVd43xllTVzOSm+zTxiLVADZpOOxLPBJzZtvunJsqyAq+f5GfBFaCJiEbP/cdEX6WAHeN5zsfDgQTp1g8F4u0ecU4RfTk3NlOWVBWbhx1oGDe5aIc+dOQxLkvXnaKWwgJxNXw5DEZ3cbAMYexsOdTrTSANaI5fw3fQDYJcYuoRBRmrxCJMyQRswDluBMUJBh+UlM6mMY+ycQQ6QMtWinjXdpbLpjJTHtAoAHphDbs3kL42jP0AIS7gPVNSVx3BggIuI8vqBKCiwvIhF5ccc6cu3KEHlUHHZ1B5ZbTHqrM8bpJiysudfOTjZMMi/1wOHJg/xov3MgEgx4Rv9B43I7n+jGgAKj9+GgNxGQqmGaIDrC2tO4BoJuuLS6daHXTu4kZ86AxkjTlmJLVrMrV/NQjoHyxNskVGvQRH4SzvkRiJk7kBkwag8hNhQBByyQwetESvKgDLuAIdfgoETTTBhY49yFp+koGhPkgZVwyrp2akhO0YOmp5dAmA2hQYxhQwm4vXQlqrbpoZtEAI5hB3bSvUVmKAVYyrCpqEknooI2i097g4ra3aCUNB8EqoMd5grsG0PSKmGpkjJ+nWeNnRKo0g6uSV1GsqG1xOaEq0Wok2Eg3ZaRhmfLYMFaWG/srXhrYfTMaY0lEHB4JyDOaG2nUW/TFaSkJGQpT5XErZlSNbDw3DI3XR7yrZlUUYxrW3+r1qrgRC9DioivdrQy7SnukpPKoYRh/Ew4UhVowRVl967p0Jz6aI10jJGAZ12jpmiIwna92YpkTYpxbgl089rp0GnSMqg6vifhEZPOfBHCLv8QjyEC/bUXTu45fCTq+sljIgDWxjYadsK4YbabBOA1o7DOP6gIqAvqJyMx8cosAnd3ade1DdoSjPK1FDJEC5y5Rkr/On7sULcHmeKIqcjDsctG1cOEIRLJdjTaqOofBXaXnojsiBRFXCM1u7XGt0clPOmYV3HAMHE4cITmc4idwGIsDRzOWGCoAP0IFJUyPs4ecQZ4L9jHgmJaWYIkjZOnnuvZg2eT0lbnc9q6AcB1pIyhXQ5QhEOyrm6voWLUYFZdkqOL8tdDUNqQ5vib8GA8ncRztX6PVmEOM2D1ql4DSkKJBrocq7TANwksuSiHNEFTKUHWhHDjBMlVfKFGDYVCO7JVqRqSJQiKqQYkueZklG7ZbvNq9U5qJe31YGY2gG8/x1SaOGraCPm1GsJtbAaVQGjOri2OzKrLaqxETFIkglYARbCOgYlkpqWFszapeq+j2zXRFXhjEatbJe7IqIwR6Xn1ODia0xQ1WIqrE6xtTXTdBrZpVhVZotk9GabqbakEvNbfRIKFho6AKp1JC36keBY4fugJq9A/7EmAa5qLr68R6TnxO1AZGbW45A2zC4K9flmUh2UFDgHNC/e5mXcp2XyXBkWhIPmDAATQHxAYp/3LRwG1KaIGDn+B16MDgA/hGalgQe9MO7TO9nHwWHXHFSGdi4Hqk5FCYfA9rvgvaeDeNDOqOw6RCyJYLlcJJxpEI1nCpTVrfgFf4hlGpMg3DET/d2EVjgi/JievAcbZAoXHFd3XVDGRmoqMGYJIzi5vCkw7VLwdkQw/LrvXVhBJgZQZSJt7Zzg3BLmfGQlSBBEi/ujCRc9E9dFyxl5wK1rEmAG2JzWR7cEocY3tTcdWpItUODfISkF7KU/u3gVqTmDSu3qH50cZiLh4xmkFgJv+lXIub62U1aMTl9a9QIjE1DQej4rUG0mK1qMpI5aUFovqzBkbh35+Gv+mbvimK17BqXK7yggKtRCpDUJVLoyxtRoo3t6a+WiHUYJHG40mTYHo1YnJdiwmcDZZ6axpctMsVxqbLKcYq1Vh5TNwrtGE3IPsRjFMnB85M/GV7Batu+aZhok+lZEr8RtcN+0q/TXTVirTjGJgAm1Iqlvjns0vD+iqIMmNcY4H+4iAYGtw8RUx0jk5ZCUF90cZxngFCfjE5kqJpQJ2aD4hcAHTKUQiuF7ruBSJXQ7Mjhr60dNxmEK/BRbkZayzw5UvCFPsmDRvmJNhYbA6TkYxEdR9XExlwQzyFgp9FauZRrUsVC41mFitmdG45quOiz3EmB2sbyMq8GBuQJLMODdz1KgGZsQSaW71sxuHA1xwANMdM7sySKllzkOrSPldM/IoCXC42s1eDWWgZrJmAZrDAaNhnqIBjUqcZ0KRQepSzGw7M4mYyeQSFQsiaq+YhJcmgCkHiaayEm4ojq9CgfgPEvrHAaE2DUXFjANSi8jeJw8ahdvTlIJJaG8Q+q+spq6RqjaHGHC1WEwrZYodB5zbEovWKSIwNVKMzP7Wcehfgd46GScPGBakxWFTQOU9MEXcLoBFZpaxqqMJs1LefkUVluEXnKYWHF5v4qvSr7qdUjShWPKpXgTSMh2LZNwMmxkQa5qVFl2mYxgRo9xr46RJGQomeSX7VjsN+Jb4Z6ImINrqu0KrLVYzVIauraIG21Daiu9bsxCqm0aSatJKJEerk5maTn/mPNi7RmXEFW4k0xpkI9TUzsaDcV8LAixjNLber+H4l8zQpzWU8XzXMAhu1FHWViUHyHA1zWBa0KMnPmp6dl7N9zKA6YAZARrTk4KRhLjoO4wrQoB/4rAEzc87WGLKO41oHQ6Nr54rwZYETRcdFqwok40Ky85xGZClXEYZXO5qBuMV1n7/KPITJo+pRIwQLkF0OQIPIllkKX65pjlRQcuoMASgkxtEw6NQCDVCZtNWJWW6Zp7mulMyL4YUrJmZ5obEmpGqkU+FoPDLlT5lK6BZmonpMd4yi2oMFClRpA4JKzuan6tMZm/xjYFIoLvny8Ir0yEL1rBgA17XhYInv60FOGNBeLDUyiDoEiCJwKoXAB4tPxivGCDaEpf1orvVWDVNaIwf+6AL5+GmHi0lpQ1jjIZKK81TxRRa5O0p21SYUr3yyop7qrCFd/UxfKYkER/GFklWbFYoRrEi5rjtp9yp7BLKhqklvShgXWYhi00oeNQGptbNCtqDWY5nnZNGIBEwc54rNQqHtg6W5a5PkaBt2r6Yy7dIk0GRiF/5W7NXZlGTzlvRqHrK3iip5PXaqIIDH82kwEmY97lqvUc9XCrgFxphbXcNI5xiLWOBrmGiJdjh8R4eTxmRcR2xcMRv57g6jM3/RILO+oPB94G5FNvxl8JdKP2SYPCy4a6BMCc7FaaxREY7JRJSE54StVEEq42AnvbE0J+oTjoXchB+XiRUlHEkth/P8xugaqZILVY3EO81o0FcCruAiMZVoXuHcF0uBF+A+6Ox+OqofJyfQiIN78QrWbCEvtEkBpAfp+9yyTc5NRZoE5xnUxqpVdJyXNjACGRpYKq0YofwmUIxiFLuUxzaqYybuWa6FEsCahiOrSnA1mxqmavSo5UWlc2paijGOHyOxPlAmXLTYTQQYXVhmtWR10VzbLlqCxpAGLbBUOlfnTZKqG09kixY5ntFOC0G7NPwN3/ANVZT1vFLW4uwmxlXimtBrSMp5k2a6xyamvVYE1OuNkhDT+KpdTtq09rVLlVLiWrWJRnblfaRqqv7aTMUboy3utLA4XtKwe1Icr3CYMCAmBW8cUhZaGl5JO/S3Lo2XyshU2l6Mvip2Q0kabHS3Un13hrIvOoQ1I6wm1wSeWwrZnwoWkSJ8n1gwedMGXpwcMx84Q+uLt/x8kN2pkKij7UhioDEtDcQGUMc9lU5gkrB5lSDKZT+IT2FadQV7wnr0y5U6yWlIpYv1RE0wTW4m3TENc9FlTgdM7MliHOl7gCMcs0WV2MoktAHZNJIqOgsd4VRrAabxVPmYpx3aSi1AHE+baRyS0szlZyb2uYjYObjoqxl54RfNfGmz6nOPsWP9apA20HQ5rAkkj+suQDQx1p+yllJJJ/KwkHIPmvuJfH7GiegWJAOzRQx/xmZ09kZSfqpfgUdfdHGKXkVoz9rYyFqwx6giikpwc66qzdYMyViEidoV/cp+FaZsJmcHVNWXRpjsrnBq6RM3aZKcSrhJQNsjDTPUYVzEI1hN9c8/DbcwXaNJi4DNwiqre5sezb22r1imNhQFxCxO0K3Cd4DE9KdxZ0/V1BQq8Q17NdARcnIzzXK3xjWN0piysvUm5ErhYXRonlN/RuCNkeeYho1NCqRO0+nPenj8XGEa+glVTqImopmMCabc8pVbhmzaGN85HPSoICck3VKkZKJB23OLWVOfbCGF+9iozcypoo6OFCN/fWGk4TUR8yQN09c0LNkisiM/iW6UBX4Vzl3NoE4B8cIo5XrjhdSOlmxmGtMPV7KCrlVLlaitVCh6VIezmirFiQfXg7lCS8TopjkE6xNKJgD4UkcWWzJuas/+NVErjYjUVNoCixpRFIJKmpHxDEOjd991TAbydd81AohrhUVhxtn3adjG8mhGMenyEwp91sjSMCxISZTSokGoqtqsBLc4XLt7S1UqK04i/xaFlGRrX6mqhqdCs/NAyBpMFeM09lZvEmml5EFpmJ3SFfoYvoOpYR1lEXGMZtHqIwNKDLQpwOtVxyeop7qZGugowbFZM5HapVI7ii539fZnnYarhYVIlVgpiTCrJD2vV+wi5eP1JuGxezWVy+6jTadL8+3GyNTwNjqdkt0iVBVX06nzkMo5IwPOa51uA2I3K4vuz0q8zg5Ys5d4k7qM3ZVfPcWLtg+pUY1kuHJJdmFqmqTOAJRzQ7xj6DZ36nCQgyKAc+jMWiCNJSlziSvHEaZhC0SO5JzgJYFxuAfQN1AKjVtGverUNXlUXDJrxxiYJ+lCm2rPL+xf/tjKNG0gxsYQhnxYsmHKgeThriglIBnudvYZJMhzAO0yPIicXTcBK0lzqldoQEs3jjlNqhw4Ab5eX422MmjoU4A1pTUj1+ocu5uNjCTaoR2lpLpqgIixGbktq2NGI7YXoAWHOVhGfC02AmSVgSsyGxaii4Y9XAu2Ehx0LUqo2UpVdF1dJpAbilBVKamuHaN12cJmtVeVWHPAKtIp/WqH0TD7IRDXbZPSvGMsCvOk8lDFNKpwFIcSrGbnebWAGlYahIo92m0poVIbcUwpWV2MsscGzRmqmsNXy3yV2WaIdLlMw5WG5iH11kopI0blUwudGrMauqbTBKmTNFy9pSllCnavo9ZlakV7C1xJbxMdIqi936ZetuClsfONVc4EL9/R44dLaeaib3bZuKHGZ1e4znlu6cCV/pTnYVmjNUrS2J1HvkTJT+jwk0zs7ncXFGtOpa87tujr6zJ8IX4LzcqhXqzW7kAtYctUYYT1O4m+TN805iS58c6ywLDeMkeNGJGniOTd9pJkA2XlRa7AV0oZfoLOF1G5YYLShLDozmSTqANf8SIoaXMo7E9u+TiT0vBErWnD/gSO6/QiBYi1V20W7uRF0QlEQ0rOM/SlbybVXRK2yLAyiCVUd9iEjuqbIU8BSkMkqdW5khUVcEWJQYb7DyQyxEStlZ6Yje2jr+bCjWyb2abeqkpvrlpDtOzESGpkjuIE5QyK2kn7GjPFUq8EgicjkcoEB2Q5Bpe8OQ1X02mII4sRaxVHjbBVfGnTxNrap0s1RPuqYxs0+64KqAAvzxvlU4LjP6PEVyKqFHoO5GkaPhFd42LVpTULLzV6roS/0mmcYbTjFbrx+kqqK+3s/fNE182lp8Q3gzTEaHUn3XFdVyKNv3RxnGRONX5l/6rZwiBuIo8DexLDplny7kbvsSj38TLi9DM1EIDbs6gJHN/p0VxGi4Vy07OHW8nUdaou5aMo1Eg1PDnNcqahmZbkYCZ+fasiXUDn7LohL8PKIGpFXgu4Sibh2Hxgsheati15nEOPGUUZkiDJwZz4/HEm+ekiEN8qqkxMMEjGL18JGXQ+pBvDoI21i3Mbyaayby2SKeiQl+RBd41BTlNScO7ERuq8GgC1rshBrYVNeYlYtA1/jscYVxVp1E1fiyrH9yo6emn6Eq/STjCkvVVI6Iy5csXz5uOxNLtoHjGSgFJNIArN00QQHqWqBsAIROlxWJKKSw2qo1zRrjgakS2AVNOVTt8/Ok3DD3oh9Uqv0+sPvKglpRB7ILRfyd0jxupOv5IFcs67uTOHGcW8a67Nmx90VNqbeuPkDllUgXiN7FlmM6aYoQ1/l+QlKZpmnBEVoGuZPAvOPi9XN90zJRlGB0dvsuauYEfVDTU0y2YycRVFzo3Lcs2sL/SQ/n3bX5zXkbdvIHFF3BxmUF7xG7ttob92iSiUvynQioEjDJqAIweI8bkvAy4tM1XueJ0rUOh7RjlRMjVlKhyNoaYcMNZkz8/UZCHMEO9P0Dm2Fs5UFALReZN6VZ+5eZNsBJgG5qQcNZEAKliUm295HPNuJVKL4opz5lUUtZlClmD1vsqOG+OvGWFPVYDULqP1mnQlbGPbeyu99NZpg0dIw02pG0fSGWwwrYAaiRUy5+kylk73Mf9Mez0XaivSFXe1jeY7HmPfE5lPQdWq8JkK/IHAR4OciqXGrCRX6+tELsfBBkSPFOAGgtT1Xidg+fQL5wy8yJd1l5ZdjLm1kA95oqCNe4scgekv/CWyA5k0TAqBquSVKi5aGjdDWHXV6q00cMuYibYyIm1c8RaDYNIwsZv1YFkzVfDXSeC0D5CpBqd+lPQT8dawo8lxhZTmu0KRiYFVyTiEsq8CseKp+nLQw1+1wyFfSXiWSpZNjlyTGu2rImgv5OhRKXFwQhdfHm4ppgS8K53uMwBgc0CHblVi1a7MKBYQMl6NMGzWAKs6gkUZKijHwV5RbsFVkcpgBWJ5oViqf1VLbpYmRyGj3p16aCNgFYJyvVHeopNWFE6hU3vm0AFjJ2q2SrI5lD+rWU45tdn1F5aat0dM0tGMo0pwdKpKU7q3ZlOvC1I5meId0UWg461mFs2HL+E35TUFVJU3e4pu4pMN1MqMVhTafdqrXQ+RTWWXhrsCXh1mD6RSMlXT/uJoY5WXxtfKJk/wVlM/Adv0nvGNGdHAGrcnGDnhycXExIRp3Nto7i0oMT18zEV/MfTr9pGGAdGJUy6aGknhXCTjGnnpbsYSr2/B9JZxPHYVg5SpGt08l4xcj3NpgQZWG0ASC9KMvH3i2SGUEY2WTJtDsKNq81wLT/GIlRtKM/Q43lJiYcR0wl8GuOCCmDayzCDMVOch1yEmfirZTgOoLH+q6whWkfLX4WzuWpDVqAVkNZvcrFpFzbm1gtrhYtatM7I0rQJHstWIQOJoCtyJ0xQfVWXpVX1TyIrdE2A6fFdWIkped77B6k041WxyZQwOQnM2Qn0JOUxFHQpBpPGmarSjkcRB2q36M22UvNKu1lhlpQC18FhIozaGpBIVSNSqLnA933zO5FANHR9jv/3e/GzSPO8Ym25GHwiVhw3Y2r3KMVq5laRLwg4BPpCvQyzPt9kqJj4WVcJvbvxYwO+AU4PalPfmDgl2mdcyWHM4WQ0NbNBlcOaTptXmPTfc+OwHG14QBQHdN2RZg2eizyhmxPctH2CnAQuxAOGVHWB0VraOwxzF2tIxVhtpSYNhsUbnSM/QY0xxQ1kSuR2dxmRxmtd0EJ0dByesg45HhxGCik7486Sm0qqvKqh0AYKp0eRUQ6Thz1QHFgKfu4cSzS0pEihrDqgWaLr15WUZ7KoC2RRO0rMjfjeFRdQJUwrN7OvrVnyuyWxkfZZMEyFznXNzvHoxBebQX2TZQ8VxUdvjp2aQbFqVG3eb+h3dEZ11m2D9q3gxS9/NUs0jAlwlCxkBsh7R6jD1q2G7QT3lyNQ8wm+j4dzf43pxltH2IlI17tyANYFC5tAaHTdrElUpNX9Ps9XuuWG+z6PoPaLmKLLear46FUQoSL0wgk1ZFKRTyJWwmIjQKurWbAqqKjhuM9JfIVewKxQNQpUe56lGNetLu2nYm16mfK3AHhLcRHHSayWWEwYbuiqujVKark/E0txsai3N1KddmkB0PBMb527k0W9Nfk6Q0st3YBkiqyuZJzRmjkQiPZ8rZh0aZB6VLr7RiW3YBCzh+6IP2ggHXswZJg9HzzT2Fkd1RrFLdk5yMYoAryN1W0qSOY/rfDWIeWA2pDAUNnno1CRgCgXaMENuahnNfm916ZKKRNTmswrNJAc0yYNfU5dtVFaCo3GjxsqUI17P37htEoZpQ+1wkpd+ANNnpehiiBeLKtBIPIwGcGSFZEvJs/biLidpL8yNidrdBtY3dMnTU6q+yqqG5dzSYKxymmwViMN0wLrv3TYrB8wtyxEzlnKIzYds4QcUJwonFc+U4BZgG4OVhXpuHSlVoxXZUutVkvlp+2CxjTRH7MksovD7zdQu7NVoln+UA0ZvebryJIEnCTxJ4EkCTxJ4ksDDJXDDpPTDkT1BeJLAkwSeJPAkgScJPEmgSuApDT/Zw5MEniTwJIEnCTxJ4LlJ4CkNPzfRPyF+ksCTBJ4k8CSBJwk8peEnG3iSwJMEniTwJIEnCTw3Cfz/r54wfxjQDP4AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

The Defendants’ mark

27 Overall, I was of the view that the two marks were sufficiently dissimilar
both visually and aurally. Visually, the word “today’s” in the Disputed Mark
was at least as prominent as the word “motherhood”. In contrast, the word
“motherhood” dominated the title of the Plaintiff’s Magazine, with the word
“Magazine” being relegated to an inconspicuous corner. The overall impression
that a reader would get was that the title of the Plaintiff’s Magazine
consisted of one word whereas the title of the Defendants’ Magazine consisted
of two. Aurally, the beginnings of marks tend to receive more emphasis when
pronounced (_London Lubricants (1920) Ltd’s Application_ (1925) 42 RPC 264 at
279), and here the two marks begin with different words altogether.

28 As for conceptual similarity, the two marks were undoubtedly conceptually
similar in that both invoked the concept of motherhood (the addition of the
word “today’s” in the Disputed Mark did little to modify this central
concept). But as I have stated earlier (at [23]), the Plaintiff is not
entitled to a monopoly on the word “motherhood”, much less the general concept
of motherhood.

29 Second, I considered the characteristics of the relevant public. In this
case, the Plaintiff’s actual or potential customers would be parents, parents-
to-be or other persons with childcare responsibilities who are interested in
reading content and articles relating to parenting issues. They comprise
individuals who are keen on learning about the best childcare techniques for
their children and are not content to simply “wing it”, so to speak, when it
comes to parenting. I was of the view that such customers would be more
discerning and educated than the average person, and would not easily be
confused by superficial similarities in the titles of two magazines. In my
judgment, they fell squarely within the category of customers described by the
court in _SPGA_ as follows (at [52]):

… In our view, much turns on the nature of the product in question and the
type of customer it tends to attract. If, in a given case, because of the
peculiarities of the product or for any other reason, the relevant public were
made up of “well-informed”, “particularly attentive” and cautious customers
who would likely remember a high level of detail, slight differences between
the claimant's and the defendant's respective signs may well be sufficient to
avoid liability on the part of the defendant (_Bently & Sherman_ ([16]
_supra_) at p 763). …

30 Third, I took into account the characteristics of the magazine market. The
Defendants adduced evidence that it was common for magazines in Singapore
dealing with similar topics to use the same descriptive word in their titles.
For example:

(a) in relation to the word “home”, there were two Singapore magazines titled
“Singapore Home Concepts” and “Singapore Home & Decor”, both of which dealt
with matters relating to interior design;

(b) in relation to the word “health”, there were two Singapore magazines
titled “EzyHealth” and “Men’s Health”, both of which dealt with matters
relating to health and well-being;

(c) in relation to the word “baby”, there were two Singapore magazines titled
“LiveWell Baby” and “Mother & Baby”, both of which dealt with parenting
issues;

(d) in relation to the word “parents”, there were three Singapore magazines
titled “Today’s Parents”, “Parents World” and “Young Parents”, all of which
dealt with parenting issues; and

(e) in relation to the word “teen”, there were two Singapore magazines titled
“Teens” and “Teenage”, both of which were aimed at teenage readers.

31 The Plaintiff argued that the presence of those magazines on the market was
inconclusive, because there was no evidence as to why they were able to co-
exist peacefully in the market. For example, any peaceful co-existence might
be a result of a commercial decision by the owners in question; or it might be
the case that no one possessed goodwill in the specific words “home”,
“health”, “baby”, “parents” and “teen” (as opposed to the word “motherhood”).
In my view, the Plaintiff’s argument missed the point. The point being made
was that magazine consumers in Singapore are accustomed to seeing different
magazines on the same topic using the same descriptive term in their titles,
and would not be too quick to assume that such magazines must necessarily
originate from the same publisher. This was relevant in assessing the
likelihood that the relevant public would be confused by the Defendants’ use
of the word “motherhood” in their magazine title.

32 Fourth, turning to the Defendants’ intention, I was not persuaded by the
Plaintiff’s submission that the Defendants possessed a fraudulent intent to
ride on the Plaintiff’s goodwill by using the Disputed Mark. The sum total of
the Plaintiff’s evidence for this accusation was that the 1st Defendant knew
of the Motherhood Marks and had checked with IPOS on the registration status
of the word “motherhood” before she decided to use the Disputed Mark for her
magazine. But this did not prove that the 1st Defendant had included the word
“motherhood” in the Disputed Mark _because_ she wanted to ride on the
Plaintiff’s goodwill. The 1st Defendant’s evidence at trial indicated that she
chose the word for its intrinsic descriptive qualities:

A: Because I’m a mum, I’m a mother, so naturally when I want to produce---when
I want to think of a name---and at that point in time my objective was
actually, er, to have like a group of mummies online whereby we can really
communicate. So naturally the word “motherhood”, it---it makes sense for me to
use, like Today’s Motherhood, modern mothers, modern methods, that was my
whole idea. And it is like---okay, maybe you can imagine like “Today’s
Motherhood”, “Today’s Mother”, “Today’s Mum”, then if you think of all the
combination, Today’s Motherhood sounds good to like put forth because it
describes the motherhood matters at heart for the mum.[note: 2]

She also explained her reasoning for checking with IPOS:

A: Hm. Okay. As I have spoken just now, I know that there is “Motherhood
Magazine”, I know that there’s “Singapore Motherhood”. So I just want to be
sure that the name can be used. So actually after I checked with IPOS and I
see that there is “Singapore Motherhood”, so by adding a prefix in front and
furthermore when I went to IPOS, right, the person told me that, er,
“motherhood” is a generic term that cannot be trademarked. So I feel that it’s
actually quite safe to use. And since I add a prefix in front it’s like
“Today’s Motherhood”, so it’s like clearly distinguished. Because “motherhood”
is actually a term that is generic and it described the content in the
magazine in the website.[note: 3]

Therefore, the evidence did not support the inference that the 1st Defendant
had fraudulently intended to ride on the Plaintiff’s goodwill. On the
contrary, it appeared to me that the 1st Defendant had acted in good faith by
using the word “motherhood” only after making sure that no one had registered
that word as a trade mark, and by taking the precaution of adding the prefix
“Today’s” to distinguish the Disputed Mark from other marks that also use the
word “motherhood”.

33 Finally, I should also address three foreign decisions dealing with
magazine titles that the Plaintiff cited in support of its case:

(a) In _Healthy Food Media Limited v Healthy Options Limited_ [2005] NZHC 230
(“ _Healthy Food Media_ ”), the plaintiff, who published a magazine titled
“Healthy Food Guide” dealing with healthy food, sought an _ex parte_ interim
injunction to restrain the defendant from distributing a competing magazine
titled “Health Food A Nutritional Guide”. Asher J granted the injunction on
the basis that the defendant had gone further than merely using the same
descriptive words that were used by the plaintiff: the overall appearance of
the defendant’s magazine was very similar to the plaintiff’s.

(b) In _Emap National Publications Limited v Security Publications Limited_
[1997] FSR 891 (“ _Emap_ ”), the plaintiff, who published a magazine for
classic car enthusiasts titled “Practical Classics”, sought an interim
injunction to restrain the defendant from distributing a competing magazine on
the same topic titled “Classics”. Lloyd J granted the injunction on the basis
that the plaintiff’s and the defendant’s magazine covers were strikingly
similar.

(c) In _Morgan-Grampian Plc v Training Personnel Limited_ [1992] FSR 267 (“
_Morgan-Grampian_ ”), the plaintiff was the publisher of a series of magazines
with titles commencing “What’s New In …”, where the last word of the title
described the area of interest covered by the particular magazine (such as
“Design”, “Farming” or “Computing”). The plaintiff sought an interim
injunction to restrain the defendant from distributing a magazine aimed at
training managers titled “What’s New In Training”. The defendant conceded that
there was a serious question to be tried as to whether its actions constituted
passing off, and focused its arguments on the balance of convenience and
justice. Mummery J granted the injunction.

34 In my view, none of these cases assisted the Plaintiff. To begin with, all
of them dealt with interlocutory injunctions where the plaintiffs only had to
meet the low standard of establishing that there was a serious question to be
tried with respect to the merits. Indeed, the defendant conceded this issue in
_Morgan-Grampian_ while _Healthy Food Media_ concerned an _ex parte_
application. Moreover, _Healthy Food Media_ and _Emap_ were decided on the
basis of the close similarities in the design and layout of the plaintiff’s
and the defendant’s magazine cover pages. In _Healthy Food Media_ , Asher J
made it clear that the plaintiff could not complain merely because the
defendant had used the same descriptive terms in its magazine title (at [18]):

The title of the plaintiff’s magazine “Healthy Food Guide” is a descriptive
title using ordinary words in common parlance. Indeed, the words exactly
describe what the magazine sets out to do. It is clear that a party that
chooses to use such words as a trade name must accept that it has no right to
those words individually or in combination, and that competitors may use them
also. …

Likewise, in _Emap_ , Lloyd J stated (at 892):

… The name of each magazine is generic or descriptive and no claim by either
against the other publisher could be or is based on the name alone, or on
confusion resulting from the similarity of the name.

Here, however, the Plaintiff did not raise any issue as to the overall design
or layout of the Defendants’ Magazine. The foundation of its entire case was
that the Motherhood Marks and the Disputed Mark were substantially similar
because both featured the word “motherhood”. As the Defendants noted, this
fell squarely within the category of claims that the courts in _Healthy Food
Media_ and _Emap_ had rejected — claims premised on alleged confusion arising
solely from the use of similar generic or descriptive magazine titles.

35 Having regard to the above factors, I found that the Defendants’ use of the
Disputed Mark was not likely to cause confusion to the relevant public, and
the element of misrepresentation was not made out. I should note that in
coming to this decision, I did not place much weight on the fact that the
Defendants’ Magazine was published online while the Plaintiff’s Magazine was a
print periodical. In this day and age, many print magazines also have an
online presence, and magazine readers generally have access to both print and
online content (though some might favour one medium over the other). Thus,
where an online magazine bears a similar mark to a print magazine, consumers
might be misled into thinking that the online magazine is an online edition of
the print magazine.

Damage

36 Turning now to the element of damage, the Plaintiff argued that it was
likely to suffer damage by both “blurring” and “tarnishment”. These two
concepts were explained by the court in _Amanresorts_ as follows (at
[97]–[98]):

97 There are two primary and very well-established means by which goodwill can
be damaged, namely, by “blurring” and by “tarnishment”. Blurring occurs when
the plaintiff's get-up, instead of being indicative of only the plaintiff's
goods, services or business, also becomes indicative of the defendant's goods,
services or business. While customers may still be drawn by the attractive
force of the plaintiff's get-up, they may be drawn to the business, goods or
services of the defendant instead of those of the plaintiff. In other words,
the goodwill attached to the plaintiff's business, goods or services becomes
spread out over business, goods or services which are not the plaintiff's.
This phenomenon occurs only when the business, goods or services of the
plaintiff and those of the defendant are in competition with or are at least
substitutes for each other. The damage manifests itself in sales being
diverted from the plaintiff to the defendant.

98 Tarnishment occurs when the business, goods or services of the defendant
are of a worse quality than those of the plaintiff or have some other
undesirable characteristic. Customers think that the plaintiff is now the
source of such poor quality or undesirable business, goods or services. The
goodwill previously attached to the plaintiff's business, goods or services
loses its attractive quality and may even become a liability, driving away
custom rather than attracting it. Where it is alleged that goodwill has been
damaged by tarnishment, there is no need for the plaintiff's business, goods
or services and those of the defendant to be in competition with each other
(_contra_ the position where damage to goodwill by blurring is concerned). The
plaintiff and the defendant can be engaged in entirely different fields of
business so long as it is shown that the poor quality or undesirability of the
defendant's business, goods or services rebounds on the plaintiff.

37 Needless to say, the Plaintiff could only suffer such damage if the element
of misrepresentation was made out; if there was no likelihood of confusion by
the relevant public between the two marks, there could be no issue of sales or
advertising being mistakenly diverted from the Plaintiff to the Defendants,
nor could the Plaintiff’s goodwill be tarnished by any deficiencies in the
quality of the Defendants’ Magazine. Since I had found that the Defendants did
not commit any misrepresentation, it followed that the damage element was not
established.

Claims under the TMA

38 The Plaintiff also claimed for an injunction under both s 55(2) and s
55(3)(_a_) of the TMA. The relevant sections state:

**Protection of well known trade marks**

55.—(1) A well known trade mark shall be entitled to protection under this
section —

(_a_) whether or not the trade mark has been registered in Singapore, or an
application for the registration of the trade mark has been made to the
Registrar; and

(_b_) whether or not the proprietor of the trade mark carries on business, or
has any goodwill, in Singapore.

(2) Subject to subsections (6) and (7), the proprietor of a well known trade
mark shall be entitled to restrain by injunction the use in Singapore, in the
course of trade and without the proprietor’s consent, of any trade mark which,
or an essential part of which, is identical with or similar to the
proprietor’s trade mark, in relation to identical or similar goods or
services, where the use is likely to cause confusion.

(3) Subject to subsections (6) and (7), the proprietor of a well known trade
mark shall be entitled to restrain by injunction the use in Singapore, in the
course of trade and without the proprietor’s consent, of any trade mark which,
or an essential part of which, is identical with or similar to the
proprietor’s trade mark, in relation to any goods or services, where the use
of the trade mark —

(_a_) would indicate a connection between those goods or services and the
proprietor, and is likely to damage the interests of the proprietor; or

…

39 A “well known trade mark” is defined in s 2(1) of the TMA as follows:

…

“well known trade mark” means —

(_a_) any registered trade mark that is well known in Singapore; or

(_b_) any unregistered trade mark that is well known in Singapore and that
belongs to a person who —

(i) is a national of a Convention country; or

(ii) is domiciled in, or has a real and effective industrial or commercial
establishment in, a Convention country,

whether or not that person carries on business, or has any goodwill, in
Singapore;

...

Further, ss 2(7)–(9) provide guidance on how to determine whether a trade mark
is well known in Singapore:

…

(7) Subject to subsection (8), in deciding, for the purposes of this Act,
whether a trade mark is well known in Singapore, it shall be relevant to take
into account any matter from which it may be inferred that the trade mark is
well known, including such of the following matters as may be relevant:

(_a_) the degree to which the trade mark is known to or recognised by any
relevant sector of the public in Singapore;

(_b_) the duration, extent and geographical area of —

(i) any use of the trade mark; or

(ii) any promotion of the trade mark, including any advertising of, any
publicity given to, or any presentation at any fair or exhibition of, the
goods or services to which the trade mark is applied;

(_c_) any registration or application for the registration of the trade mark
in any country or territory in which the trade mark is used or recognised, and
the duration of such registration or application;

(_d_) any successful enforcement of any right in the trade mark in any country
or territory, and the extent to which the trade mark was recognised as well
known by the competent authorities of that country or territory;

(_e_) any value associated with the trade mark.

(8) Where it is determined that a trade mark is well known to any relevant
sector of the public in Singapore, the trade mark shall be deemed to be well
known in Singapore.

(9) In subsections (7) and (8), “relevant sector of the public in Singapore”
includes any of the following:

(_a_) all actual consumers and potential consumers in Singapore of the goods
or services to which the trade mark is applied;

(_b_) all persons in Singapore involved in the distribution of the goods or
services to which the trade mark is applied;

(_c_) all businesses and companies in Singapore dealing in the goods or
services to which the trade mark is applied.

40 Consistent with their concession on the goodwill point (see [13] above),
the Defendants accepted that the Motherhood Marks were well known trade marks
in Singapore.[note: 4] I will therefore proceed to examine the other
requirements of ss 55(2) and 55(3)(_a_) in turn.

Section 55(2)

41 In order to succeed under s 55(2), the Plaintiff had to show that the
Disputed Mark (or an essential part thereof) was identical with or similar to
the Motherhood Marks, and that the Defendants’ use of the Disputed Mark in
relation to similar or identical goods or services was likely to cause
confusion.

42 It was not disputed that the Plaintiff’s goods and services were similar to
the Defendants’ goods and services.[note: 5] The key issue was whether the
Motherhood Marks and the Disputed Mark were similar and whether there was any
likelihood of confusion. This was essentially the same issue that I have
discussed above in relation to the misrepresentation element for passing off
(at [17]–[35]), and for the reasons mentioned earlier, I found that s 55(2)
was not satisfied.

Section 55(3)(a)

43 Unlike s 55(2), s 55(3)(_a_) does not expressly require proof of a
likelihood of confusion; it simply requires that the defendant’s use of a
similar or identical mark in relation to _any_ goods or services would
“indicate a connection” between those goods or services and the plaintiff, and
is likely to damage the plaintiff’s interests. But the Court of Appeal has
interpreted s 55(3)(_a_) to _also_ require a likelihood of confusion to be
shown before an injunction can be obtained thereunder: _Amanresorts_ at [233].
As the court explained, the tests for the “connection” and “damage”
requirements in s 55(3)(_a_) are largely the same as the tests for the
misrepresentation and damage elements respectively in the tort of passing off,
save that s 55(3)(_a_) concerns the plaintiff’s _interests_ whereas passing
off concerns the plaintiff’s _goodwill_ ([at 234]):

In the instant case, we agree with the Judge's finding (at [74] of the
Judgment) that **_the tests to be adopted for the purposes of the “connection”
requirement and the “likely to damage the [plaintiff's] interests” requirement
in s 55(3)(_****a**** _) of the current TMA would yield the same results as
those obtained from applying the corresponding tests_****vis-à-vis**** _the
Respondents' claim for passing off_** (which tests are, respectively, whether
the Appellant has made a misrepresentation to the relevant sector of the
public … which causes that section of the public to mistakenly think that the
Project has the same source as or is connected with the Respondents' resorts,
and whether such misrepresentation has resulted in or is likely to result in
damage to the goodwill attached to the “Aman” names). We thus uphold the
Judge's decision that the claim under s 55(3)(_a_) of the current TMA has been
made out. However, we pause to clarify that while the tests relating to
misrepresentation and damage under the law of passing off are substantively
the same as the tests relating to, respectively, the “connection” requirement
and the “likely to damage the [plaintiff's] interests” requirement in s
55(3)(_a_) of the current TMA, the two sets of tests are not identical in one
aspect. An important distinction is that the tests relating to
misrepresentation and damage in passing off actions concern the plaintiff's
goodwill (see [69] above), whereas the corresponding tests under s 55(3)(_a_)
of the current TMA concern the _interests_ of the plaintiff and _not_ its
goodwill (indeed, as the definition of “well known trade mark” in s 2(1) of
the current TMA makes clear, the plaintiff's trade mark may be a “well known
trade mark” for the purposes of s 55(3)(_a_) even if the plaintiff has no
goodwill in Singapore). [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in
bold italics]

44 Since I had found that the Defendants’ use of the Disputed Mark was not
likely to engender confusion, the Plaintiff’s claim under s 55(3)(_a_) was
also dismissed.

Conclusion

45 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the Plaintiff’s claim and awarded
costs to the Defendants to be taxed if not agreed.

46 I would add that although I decided this case on the basis of the facts as
they stood before the Defendants changed the title of their magazine from
“Today’s Motherhood” to “The New Age Parents”, this rebranding exercise was
completed even _before_ the Plaintiff filed this suit (see [8] above). There
was also no reason to believe that the Defendants would revert to the original
title if they were not restrained from doing so. Therefore, even if I had
found that the Disputed Mark was similar to the Motherhood Marks and was
likely to cause confusion, I would not have been minded to grant the
injunctions sought by the Plaintiff, simply because the Defendants had already
stopped using the Disputed Mark by the time this action was commenced.

* * *

[note: 1]Defendants’ Closing Submission dated 21 August 2013 at para 12.

[note: 2]NE 30 July 2013 at p 80.

[note: 3]NE 31 July 2013 at p 2.

[note: 4]Defendants’ Closing Submission dated 21 August 2013 at para 129.

[note: 5]_Ibid_ at para 130.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

