Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  BNH _v_ BNI  
[2013] SGHC 283

Case Number| :| Divorce Transferred No 4659 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 December 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Foo Siew Fong (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
plaintiff; Loy Wee Sun (Loy & Co) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  BNH — BNI  
  
30 December 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei JC:

Introduction

1 This is my judgment in respect of the ancillary matters in Divorce
Transferred No 4659 of 2011. The parties have agreed on joint custody of the
children with care and control to the plaintiff–wife (“the Wife”) with
reasonable access to the defendant–husband (“the Husband”) and the matters
which remain are the division of the matrimonial assets, maintenance for the
wife and children, and the costs of these proceedings. There is also a
secondary legal issue concerning whether the Wife should be allowed to claim
costs of a private investigation report from the Husband.

2 After hearing the parties, my decision is that the Wife is to receive 25% of
the nett value of a property known as the [VS] property in full and final
satisfaction of her claim in the matrimonial assets. As for the issue of
maintenance, the Wife is awarded a nominal sum of $1 per month, and the
children a sum of $9,500 per month. The maintenance for the children is to be
borne equally by the Wife and the Husband; the Husband is accordingly liable
to pay $4,750 per month to the Wife as maintenance for the children. The
Husband is to pay the Wife $10,000 that being the cost the Wife is allowed to
claim for the private investigation report.

The Facts

The Parties and their marriage

3 The Wife is 35 years old and is a dentist employed by [PD] Pte Ltd, and
holds the title of Associate Dental Surgeon. The Husband is 42 years old and
is employed by [AU], and holds the title of Regional Chief Investment Officer,
CIO APAC.

4 The parties were married on 16 December 2003, and there are two children of
the marriage. They are:

(a) [TY] – six years old, daughter; and

(b) [CT] – four years old, son.

Milestones in the marriage

5 In 2003, the Wife left for the United States for a three-year course to
pursue her post-graduate studies. In mid-2006, the Wife returned and the
couple resided in [address redacted] (“the [EH] Property”), which was a
property the Husband had purchased in 2002. Following the sale of the [EH]
Property in 2006, the parties purchased a three-storey penthouse at [address
redacted] Singapore XXX895 (“the [VS] Property”) registered in their joint
names. They took possession sometime in mid-2007.

6 The marriage began to breakdown and in September 2012, the Wife with the
children left the [VS] Property to stay with her parents. The Wife commenced
divorce proceedings on 26 September 2012 and interim judgment of divorce was
granted on 10 January 2013.

Division of matrimonial assets

7 The starting point for the division of matrimonial assets is s 112(1) of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”) which gives the court the power
to order division of matrimonial assets and a wide discretion in doing so.
Section 112(2) further provides for certain factors to be considered, and
these are not exhaustive.

Other potential matrimonial assets

8 I start off first with the general financial positions of the parties with
respect to the matrimonial assets that were in their individual names. While
the main matrimonial asset was the [VS] Property, it is important to consider
the potential pool of matrimonial assets that is to be divided. Not including
the [VS] Property, counsel for the parties submitted different figures for the
pool of matrimonial assets: counsel for the Wife submitted a value of
approximately $1,276,867.36[note: 1] (the Husband’s total being $988,235 and
the Wife’s total being $288,632.36), while counsel for the Husband submitted a
figure of $744,326.48.[note: 2] The difference is largely attributable to
differing values for the Husband’s other assets. A comparison of these figures
is set out in the table below:

Item |  Wife’s figures**[note: 3]** |  Husband’s figures**[note: 4]**  
---|---|---  
CPF |  $404,933.77 (total of sum in CPF Ordinary, Medisave and Special accounts) |  $362,357.77  
Bank accounts |  $226,888.24 |  $9,178.10  
Shares (in UBS) |  $77,964 |  $106,076.20  
Husband’s car |  $155,000 |  $0  
  
  

9 As can be seen, there is a significant difference in the valuation of the
Husband’s bank accounts and car. As the car was still subject to an
outstanding hire purchase loan, I am inclined to prefer the Husband’s figure
of $0 in this case. Likewise, the wife had mistakenly considered the sum in
the Husband’s OCBC overdraft account no [XXX]-[XXX]-[XXX]-001 as a credit (in
the positive), when in fact it was a debit (in the negative) given that it was
an overdraft account.[note: 5] This amounted to a total difference of
$372,710.14:

Item |  Difference (Wife’s value less actual value)  
---|---  
Bank accounts |  $226,888.24 - $9,178.10 = $217,710.14  
Car |  $155,000 - $0 = $155,000  
**Total difference** |  $372,710.14  
  
  

10 Deducting this from the Wife’s submitted value of $1,276,867, this would
bring the Wife’s asserted figure down to $904,156.86 (meaning that the
Husband’s total assets amounted to $988,235 - $372,710.14 = $615,524.86 and
Wife’s total assets amounted to $288,632.36), which is comparatively closer to
the Husband’s submitted figure of $744,326.48. Given the oft-differing
positions that the parties have taken on financial matters and that the
figures were continually changing due to various contributions and withdrawals
by the parties, I found it helpful to use the average figure of $824,241.67 in
considering the pool of matrimonial assets to be divided. Using this figure,
the adjusted figures for the values of the assets held by each party will be
as follows:

**Wife’s submitted value for Wife’s assets** |  **Husband’s submitted value for Wife’s assets[note: 6]** |  **Average**  
---|---|---  
$288,632.36 |  $211,389.63 |  $250,011  
**Wife’s submitted value for Husband’s assets** |  **Husband’s submitted value for Husband’s assets[note: 7]** |  **Average**  
$615,624.86 (adjusted) |  $532,936.85 |  $574,280.85  
  
  

(a) Husband – $574,280.85 (approximately 70%); and

(b) Wife – $250,011 (approximately 30%).

To me, this is a fairer representation of the share of assets held by parties,
and also accords well with the fact that the Husband’s income was about twice
that of the Wife’s. That said, while it is clear that the Husband is
financially more able (and understandably so given his higher income), the
difference in financial standing was not as stark as the Wife had submitted.

Direct contributions to the [VS] Property

11 There is not much dispute as to sources of the bulk of the direct
contributions to the [VS] Property, which were the sale proceeds of the [EH]
Property, contributions from the Wife’s CPF, and contributions by the Husband
to the mortgage repayments and renovations. However, the main dispute lies in
how the proceeds of the [EH] Property should be “attributed” to the
contributions of each party, as well as the Wife’s contributions to the
payment of mortgage loans and renovations.

12 I deal first with the Wife’s submission that the sale proceeds of the [EH]
Property should be equally attributed to both parties. In calculating her
direct contributions, counsel for the Wife submitted that the Wife contributed
approximately 43% to the purchase of the [VS] Property. This was based on the
assumption that the sale proceeds of the [EH] Property, calculated to be
$833,612,[note: 8] was to be equally attributed to each party (_ie_ , the
contribution of the Wife would be $833,612 divided by two).

13 As briefly stated above, the [EH] Property was purchased by the Husband in
2002, assumingly with his own funds[note: 9] as the Wife has not submitted or
tendered evidence showing otherwise. While the parties had married in 2003,
they only moved in to the [EH] Property in mid-2006 when the Wife returned
from her overseas studies. Very shortly after, [EH] Property was sold, and the
[VS] Property was purchased. As such, it is clear that the [EH] Property was
only used as the matrimonial home for a short period of time.

14 It is trite that the matrimonial home forms part of the assets to be
divided. However, I found it rather surprising that counsel submitted that
this, on its own, meant that 50% of the sale proceeds of the [EH] Property
should be attributed to the Wife in considering the contributions to the
purchase of the [VS] Property. Given the relatively short length of marriage
at that point in time, and that the Wife was effectively overseas for 3 years
(a point I will consider in further detail in considering indirect
contributions later below), I am not inclined to adopt the Wife’s position. If
the sale proceeds of a previous matrimonial home were to be considered, it
would be inherently more just to consider a hypothetical division of the home
at that point in time given parties’ various contributions (both direct and
indirect). Therefore, I am more inclined to prefer the Husband’s position that
the sale proceeds of the [EH] Property should be largely attributed to his
contributions.

15 I now address the Wife’s submissions that she had contributed a sum of
$52,700 to the mortgage repayments and a sum of $40,000 for renovations. I
note that the Husband continues to pay the monthly instalments of the housing
loan to this day, while the Wife contributes about $1,485 from her CPF
accounts on a monthly basis. The total amount of the housing loan instalments
is about $8,500 per month. Adopting the figures as submitted by the Husband,
this table sets out the contributions of the parties:

Source |  Husband |  Wife  
---|---|---  
Cash payments |  $650,000 |  $0  
CPF payments |  $0 |  $100,980  
Mortgage repayments |  $646,000 |  $0  
Total |  $1,296,000 |  $100,980  
**Percentage** |  92.77% |  7.23%  
  
  

16 Although the Wife submitted that she had contributed $40,000 to
renovations, I also note that the Husband likewise stated in his affidavit of
assets and means[note: 10] that he had contributed about $95,000 to renovating
the house, and $66,097 to other improvements. This was supported by invoices
furnished by the Husband in his second affidavit for ancillary matters.[note:
11] In fact, in her submissions, the Wife stated that the Husband contributed
a figure of $274,705.40 to “renovations”,[note: 12] although this more
accurately included furnishings, fittings, appliances and landscaping as
stated in the Husband’s second affidavit for ancillary matters.[note: 13] I
also observe that quite a bit of these renovations were for a garden which the
Husband meticulously maintained.

17 Nevertheless, if I were to include the Wife’s claims of contributing to the
renovations and mortgage repayments as well (and leaving aside the Husband’s
contributions to the renovations and improvements), the direct contributions
will be as follows:

Source |  Husband |  Wife  
---|---|---  
Cash payments |  $650,000 |  0  
CPF payments |  0 |  $100,980  
Mortgage repayments |  $646,000 |  $52,700[note: 14]  
Renovations |  \-  |  $40,000[note: 15]  
**Total** |  $1,296,000 |  $193,680  
**Percentage** |  87.00% |  13.00%  
  
  

18 I also note, however, that there seems to be a discrepancy between the
figures as submitted by parties pertaining to the housing instalments paid by
the Husband – while the Husband states that it is $646,000, the Wife submits
that this figure is only $395,799.52 (as at January 2013). Using the Wife’s
figure as a starting point, taking into account the further payments the
Husband would have been making for 2013, this would increase his contribution
to $470,549.44. Though this is still far short of the $646,000 as submitted by
the Husband, taking into consideration his contributions towards renovations
and improvements of the house, I am of the view that it is unlikely that the
percentage of direct contribution by the Wife would be much more than 15%.

Indirect contributions

19 I deal first with a preliminary point which is the Husband’s assertion that
the court should regard indirect contributions only from the start of
cohabitation, which is six years even though the length of marriage was nine
years. According to the Husband, since there was no “matrimonial asset”
acquired, there could be no indirect contribution to the marriage during the
first three years of the marriage.

20 I do not agree with the Husband’s position on this. Section 112(10) of the
WC provides that:

**112.—**(10) In this section, “matrimonial asset” means —

(_a_) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to
the marriage —

(i) ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii) which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; and

(_b_) any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party
or both parties to the marriage,

but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage.

As can be seen, any asset that is acquired _during_ the marriage (save assets
acquired by gift or inheritance) will automatically be regarded as a
matrimonial asset. Therefore, while the Wife was overseas studying, the
Husband continued to work and therefore any asset acquired by him will be
considered a matrimonial asset. It was, therefore, incorrect for the Husband
to assert that there was “no matrimonial asset” to contribute to, although
admittedly, the main matrimonial asset was the [VS] Property which was
acquired only after the Wife returned.

21 A more accurate way to consider the issue is to consider the extent of
indirect contribution the Wife could have given to the marriage during this
period of three years. Although the parties did not have any children nor did
they live together during these three years, indirect contributions also
include any emotional or feelings of support that the Wife could have provided
while she was overseas. This is statutorily provided for in s 112(2)(_g_) of
the WC, which includes “the giving of assistance or support by one party to
the other party (whether or not of a material kind)” as a matter the court
shall have regard to in the exercise of its power to order division of
matrimonial assets. Therefore, I find it relevant to consider this period in
determining the indirect contributions of the Wife.

22 In any case, the Husband also relies on his indirect contributions during
this period of time. In his skeletal submissions,[note: 16] the Husband states
that he had contributed to a number of purchases and expenses incurred by the
Wife when she was in the United States. I also take into account the fact that
during this period, it was not disputed that the Husband had made trips each
year to the United States to accompany the Wife.

23 Now that I have addressed the period before cohabitation, I turn to address
the indirect contributions of the parties during the latter six years of their
marriage. Both the Husband and Wife in their supporting affidavits alluded to
various instances where they had contributed to the household. There were
numerous replies, allegations, and assertions, especially concerning how the
children were taken care of. In doing so, the parties have sadly tried to
downplay the amount of indirect contribution each party brought to the
marriage.

24 Marriage is a partnership of efforts between two people who have decided to
make a commitment to contribute jointly to build a life together. As is to be
expected, parties will at times be imperfect in fulfilling their roles. This
is especially so where both parties are working with career commitments and
other commitments apart from the marriage. In this case, both parties were
rather successful in their careers and held senior positions. Given the
demands on their time, it is only natural that the arrangements made for
looking after the children were different as compared to a household where
only one party is working and the other party is the home-maker. I am,
therefore, not impressed (in the sense of not finding helpful) by the fact
that both parties had continually asserted in their affidavits that the
indirect contributions of the other party to the marriage, especially in
raising of children, were lacking.

25 I accept the Wife’s evidence that she had some form of indirect
contribution in maintaining the household. This would include aspects of the
provision of food (_eg_ , cooking meals), sharing some form of household
chores with the family helper, and looking after the children. While she may
have continued to juggle her career commitments with looking after the
children, it is not disputed that the Wife took maternity leave to look after
the children, showing attention by breast-feeding the children, as well as
making the efforts subsequently to store the milk for feeds. It is also not
disputed that the Wife switched to working in private practice to give her
more flexible hours to look after the children. While I accept the Husband’s
point that there was a domestic helper and that the children’s maternal
grandparents played a part in looking after them, this does not necessarily
reduce the indirect contribution by the Wife.

26 On the other hand, I also accept the Husband’s evidence that, even given
the limitations of his time given his career, he did have a hand in looking
after the children. Considering the evidence on the whole, the Husband did not
strike me as a neglectful or absent father who did not spend time with his
children. The Husband had detailed a number of instances, such as various
visits to the doctor and his volunteering at the children’s school, and these
did not strike me as single isolated instances but, in general, reflected a
caring and concerned father.

27 All in all, I felt that both parties had contributed more or less equally
to the marriage in terms of indirect contributions. Both parties were
professional working adults who cared for the family and their children, and
given the constraints in time, had put in various measures to look after their
children, be it in terms of relying on the children’s grandparents, a domestic
helper, or a part-time driver.

My decision on division

28 The general principles which guide the courts in the division of
matrimonial assets are well established and need no elaborate repetition. As
recognised numerous times, a broad-brush approach is taken and all forms of
contributions, including those of an indirect nature, are taken into account.
I also observe that there is no presumption of an equal division of the
matrimonial assets. To this end, the comments of the Court of Appeal in _BCB v
BCC_ [2013] 2 SLR 324 (“ _BCB_ ”) at [10] are worth noting:

The broad-brush approach is particularly apposite because, in the nature of
things, an approach that is rooted in the forensic search for the actual
financial contributions of the parties towards the acquisition of the assets
will inevitably fail to adequately value the indirect contributions made
towards the other expenses that are incurred in the course of raising a family
and will also be a heavily fact-centric exercise. Moreover, these facts will
typically not be borne out by contemporaneous records, as underscored by the
court in _Soh Chan Soon v Tan Choon Yock_ [1998] SGHC 204 at [6] (cited by
this court in _NK v NL_ , as quoted above at [8] of this judgment). The broad-
based approach also avoids what this court has described as an otherwise
fruitless “mechanistic accounting procedure reflected in the form of an arid
and bloodless balance sheet” that “would be contrary to the letter and spirit
of the legislative scheme” underlying s 112 (see _NK v NL_ at [36], an
observation which was most recently referred to by this court in _AYQ v AYR_
[2013] 1 SLR 476 (“ _AYQ_ ”) at [18]). Indeed, such a broad yet principled
approach enables us to strike a balance between the search for a just and
principled outcome in each case and the need to remain sensitive to the
nuances of each fact situation we are confronted with. We pause to note -
parenthetically - that this is why the Singapore courts have avoided extreme
points of departure. For example, this court has held that there is no
starting point, presumption or norm of an equal division of matrimonial
assets, a holding that is wholly consistent with the legislative background
which resulted in s 112 and its concomitant broad-brush approach (see, for
example, the decision of this court in _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007]
3 SLR(R) 520 at [50]-[58]). Another example - to be considered in a moment -
is the fact that the court will take into account both direct as well as
indirect contributions by both parties to the marriage.

29 In deciding an equitable division of assets in this case, I have in mind
the points discussed above pertaining to the direct and indirect contributions
of parties. I also note the following cases that have come before the courts:

(a) In _AYQ v AYR_ [2013] 1 SLR 476 (cited with approval by the Court of
Appeal in _BCB_), parties had been married for 23 years, and there were two
children of the marriage. Both parties were working during the marriage, one
as an aesthetics doctor and the other as an eye surgeon. The Court of Appeal
held that the division should be 40.96% to the wife and 59.03% to the husband.

(b) In _AKF v AKG_ [2010] SGHC 225, the marriage lasted 13 years. Both parties
were employed during the subsistence of the marriage. The wife was an auditor
and the husband worked in the advertising industry, with an income level
similar to the parties in the present case. There were two children of the
marriage. The High Court awarded the wife 40% and the husband 60% of the
combined value of the total matrimonial assets.

(c) In _Chow Hoo Siong v Lee Dawn Audrey_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 481, the marriage
lasted 11 years, and there were no children of the marriage. Both parties were
working, and the High Court awarded a division between the wife and husband in
the ratio 35:65.

30 As can be seen, in the relatively longer marriages above, the apportionment
did not exceed 40%, though I do keep in mind that each case will turn on its
own peculiar set of facts and circumstances. I also take into consideration
the comments of Steven Chong J in _Chan Yuen Boey v Sia Hee Soon_ [2012] 3 SLR
402 at [34] that:

From my review of the cases, the proportion awarded to homemaker wives who
have made modest financial contributions for marriages lasting 17 to 35 years
with children ranged between 35% to 50% of the total matrimonial assets (see
_ZD v ZE_ [2008] SGHC 225, _Tan Cheng Guan v Tan Hwee Lee_ [2011] 4 SLR 1148,
_AXC v AXD_ [2012] SGHC 15, _Wong Ser Wan v Ng Cheong Ling_ [2006] 1 SLR(R)
416, _Yow Mee Lan v Chen Kai Buan_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 659, _Rosaline Singh v
Jayabalan Samidurai_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 457 and _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 (“ _Lock Yeng Fun_ ”)).

31 After considering the points as mentioned above, the financial positions of
the parties (including their respective incomes), the relatively shorter
length of marriage, and the direct and indirect contributions of both parties,
I am of the view that a 25% apportionment of the [VS] Property to the Wife is
a just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets to the Wife. Taking
the Wife’s submitted figures for her direct contributions at their highest,
this represents an approximate 12% uplift for her indirect contributions. In
any case, this court is reminded that the division of matrimonial assets
cannot be reduced to a simple mathematical accounting exercise.

Maintenance for the wife and children

32 There is no significant dispute about the incomes of the Husband and the
Wife. The Wife draws an average monthly income of $19,162.42,[note: 17] while
the Husband draws an average monthly income of approximately $36,214.55. The
main dispute centred on the expenses of the children, and the proportion to be
borne by each party in maintaining the children.

Maintenance for the children

33 Section 127(1) of the WC provides that “the court may order a parent to pay
maintenance for the benefit of his child in such manner as the court thinks
fit”. Section 69(4) of the WC further provides a list of factors to consider
in making this order.

34 The Wife claimed expenses of the children totalling a sum of $14,024.23
(for both children) a month.[note: 18] The Husband, on the other hand,
submitted that $8,387.96 was sufficient. I now elaborate on certain expenses
which led to these different figures.

35 The first significant expense is attributable to a $2,000 payment by the
Wife to her mother for looking after the children. While it is not denied that
the grandparents do look after the children, I am not convinced that this sum
should be considered a form of “payment” to the grandparents or an expense of
the children that ought to be borne by the Husband. In any case, there was
little evidence supporting this arrangement.

36 The second significant difference was from a number of expenses which the
parties could not agree on, with the Husband contending that they were too
high. I was in agreement with the Husband (in principle, rather than in
quantum) on a number of items in general: payment for [CT]’s soccer lessons
should not be accounted for, the payment for the domestic helper was on the
high side, and there should be some form of reduction for the driver as well.
I also agree that birthday gifts and Chinese New Year _ang pows_ should be
individually borne by each parent. Therefore, I reduced the value of these
expenses in coming to an appropriate sum of maintenance for the children.

37 Bearing these considerations in mind, I am of the view that a sum of $9,500
(for both children) is a fair reflection of their expenses. This figure is
reached after making the necessary deductions from the Wife’s submitted
expenses given my findings above (which is effectively the sum of $14,024.23
less the sum of $2,000 which is the Wife’s “payment” to her mother and some
further reduction in the expenses as mentioned at [36] above). Although the
Husband earns more than the Wife, given my comments that marriage is really an
equal partnership between the parties, I am of the view that the cost of
maintenance should be equally borne by both parties. As asked for by the Wife,
I am back-dating the maintenance order to October 2012 (which is the month
after she filed for divorce), and the Husband is to pay the Wife a lump sum
amount for the difference between the interim order and this decision of
maintenance for the children. The courts have the power to back-date the date
of maintenance, and often there are good reasons to do so. As stated by Woo
Bih Li J in _AMW v AMZ_ [2011] 3 SLR 955 at [9]:

… I do not see why a court should use the date of the decision on ancillaries
as a reference point to determine when a person should start being liable for
maintenance. In the absence of a claim for interim maintenance, a claim for
maintenance will usually arise when or after a writ is filed for the
dissolution of a marriage. Quite often, the dissolution of a marriage is dealt
with first. This leads to an interim judgment. Other issues like maintenance,
division of matrimonial assets, custody of and access to children,
collectively referred to as “ancillaries”, are dealt with later. So usually
there are lapses of time from the filing and service of the writ to the date
when the interim judgment is given and from the date of the interim judgment
to the date when a decision is given on the ancillaries. Quite often each
lapse of time is not due to the misconduct of either party, let alone the
misconduct of the applicant for maintenance. Therefore, there is, generally
speaking, no valid reason to use the date of the decision on the ancillaries
as a reference point to commence maintenance. …

38 While each case will turn on its on specific circumstances, given the young
age of the children and the relatively higher expenses of the children, I am
of the view that back-dating the maintenance is a more equitable result.

Maintenance for the Wife

39 Although it is clear that the Wife earns a substantial income and can
support herself presently and in the foreseeable future, I am awarding the
Wife nominal maintenance of $1 per month. This is to preserve her right to
make future applications to vary the maintenance order if required. I am only
left to state that I am not entirely impressed that the Wife had asked for a
nominal maintenance of $100 instead of $1, when it is clear from the case law
that a sum of $1 is the more appropriate sum for nominal maintenance.

Costs

40 I deal now with the final point on costs. The main dispute between the
parties is the incurrence of a hefty $55,000 in private investigator’s fees
(“the PI Fees”) by the Wife, who seeks an order that the Husband bear such
costs. Costs are to follow the event and the Husband is not disputing that he
is liable for the party and party costs of the uncontested divorce
proceedings. However, a certain degree of reasonableness must be exercised by
the parties in incurring costs, and the courts will not shy away from denying
a party costs if they are incurred unreasonably.

41 Complicating this matter of the PI Fees is the Husband’s allegations that
the evidence showing that the Wife had indeed paid the fees is flimsy. The
Wife had adduced a handwritten invoice from Covert Investigation Pte Ltd
exhibited in her affidavit of assets and means.[note: 19] Since this was an
unusually large sum for private investigator’s fees, I am sympathetic to the
Husband’s scepticism as to whether the Wife had indeed incurred and paid for
the report and services. Indeed, if the Wife had intended to claim costs for
this, it would have been only reasonable to adduce better evidence supporting
her claim for it, given the quantum of the bill.

42 As a result of this, the Wife through a letter to the court dated 2 October
2013 tried to admit a copy of an “official receipt” dated 8 November 2012
issued by Covert Investigation Pte Ltd to her for the payment of the sum of
$55,000. What followed was an exchange of correspondence by the solicitors of
the parties to the court contesting the admission of this as further evidence.

43 I do not see a need to rely on the further “official receipt” to reasonably
conclude that the PI Fees amounted to $55,000, and therefore, the arguments
relating to the admissibility of the “official receipt” was rendered moot.
However, the solicitors should have included this piece of evidence in the
Wife’s earlier affidavits, and it was perhaps an oversight in this regard
which led to the need for this series of letters concerning this “official
receipt”. Much costs, time, and ink could have been saved had the solicitors
had the foresight to include this evidence in the Wife’s earlier affidavits.
Nevertheless, as mentioned, I am persuaded that the fees indeed amounted to
$55,000. This was evidenced by the voluminous and detailed report which was
included in the Wife’s supporting affidavits for these ancillary matters’
hearings. I also saw no reason to suspect that the Wife had not have paid, or
is not liable to pay for these services. However, I do note that there is some
discrepancy in the Wife’s initial assertion that she had paid for these
services in periodic payments, and the fact that there was only a single
“official receipt” which the Wife attempted to adduce. For such a large sum,
it would only be reasonable to expect that individual receipts would have been
issued for each periodic payment.

44 Nevertheless, it is now before me to assess the reasonableness of these
costs incurred by the Wife. As Judith Prakash J held in _Goh Yong Hng v Cheong
Yen Teng (Zheng Yanping) (mw) and another_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 530 at [18], this
inquiry is whether the length of surveillance and the costs charged for
surveillance were reasonable:

As regards quantum, the main issue was, as the judge correctly directed
herself, whether the costs incurred were reasonable. The bulk of the costs
related to the surveillance. Here, there were two issues, the first being
whether it was reasonable to carry on surveillance for three days and the
second being whether the amount charged for the three days surveillance was
reasonable.

45 In the present case, relating to the first issue as to the length of the
surveillance, I note that surveillance was carried out from 22 August 2012 to
16 September 2012, which was a total of 26 days. This was reported by Covert
Investigations Pte Ltd in their investigation report, C1-12-08-SV022, dated 20
September 2012 (“the PI Report”). In the PI Report, it appears that the main
evidence the Wife would have relied on was that obtained on 10 September 2012,
13 September 2012, and 14 September 2012, where the Husband was captured
behaving intimately with another woman. Given that the Wife relied on the
Husband’s improper association with two other women as the grounds for
divorce, on hindsight, there was sufficient evidence on 10 September 2012 to
support her petition. It was not entirely unreasonable to carry on for a few
more days, but even in an exercise of prudence, the Wife had more than
sufficient evidence by 13 September 2012.

46 As to the fees charged for surveillance, I note that there were
approximately a total of 213 hours spent on surveillance. The table is an
approximate breakdown of the hours per day:

Date and time |  Hours  
---|---  
22 August 2012, 0700h–2100h |  14  
23 August 2012, 0700h–2000h |  13  
24 August 2012, 1100h–1100h |  -  
25 August 2012, 1400h–2300h |  9  
26 August 2012, 1100h–1200h |  1  
27 August 2012, 0800h–1800h |  10  
28 August 2012, 1100h–2100h |  10  
29 August 2012, 1400h–2100h |  7  
30 August 2012, 0800h–2100h |  13  
31 August 2012, 0700h–1400h |  7  
1 September 2012, 1300h–0000h |  11  
2 September 2012, 1300h–1800h |  5  
3 September 2012, 1700h–2100h |  4  
4 September 2012, 0900h–1800h |  9  
5 September 2012, 0900h–1700h |  8  
6 September 2012, 0900h–2200h |  13  
7 September 2012, 0900h–1500h |  6  
8 September 2012, 1300h–1400h |  1  
9 September 2012, 0900h–1000h |  1  
10 September 2012, 0700h–2100h |  14  
11 September 2012, 0700h–1800h |  11  
12 September 2012, 1100h–2100h |  10  
13 September 2012, 0800h–0000h |  16  
14 September 2012, 1200h–2000h |  8  
15 September 2012, 1300h–1800h |  5  
16 September 2012,1700h–0000h |  7  
**Total:** |  213  
  
  

47 For 213 hours of surveillance, the Wife was charged $41,400, which amounted
to a rate of about $195 per hour. In arguing that this was an unreasonable
rate, the Husband adduced evidence showing that another firm providing similar
services charged approximately $400 per day, or $6,000 for an “unlimited”
package until evidence of infidelity was found. While it might not be fair to
compare directly these prices as no evidence was adduced as to the manpower
involved in the operation, I am of the view that the sum of $41,400 was
outstandingly unreasonable. Furthermore, I also note that there were a number
of instances stated in the PI Report where the Husband was not located, or
where surveillance carried on even though the Husband was with family. There
was also a further claim for the costs of data forensic extraction from a
number electronic devices owned by the Husband, which amounted to a sum of
$13,600. The Wife has led no evidence detailing the results of this data
extraction.

48 Given the above considerations, I am of the view that the sum of $55,000
claimed was not a reasonable one, and I award a sum of only $10,000 for the
costs of the PI Fees incurred by the Wife.

Conclusion

49 In summary:

(a) the property at [address redacted] Singapore XXX895 (_ie_ , the [VS]
Property) is to be sold in the open market within six months from the date of
this order with the parties having joint conduct of sale;

(b) Upon the successful sale, the proceeds shall be used to repay any
outstanding housing loans and costs and expenses of the sale. The nett
proceeds thereafter are to be apportioned 75% to the Husband and 25% to the
Wife in full and final satisfaction of her claim for the division of the
matrimonial assets;

(c) for purposes of clarity, parties are to retain all other assets in their
own names;

(d) the Husband is to pay the Wife nominal maintenance of $1 per month;

(e) the Husband is to pay the Wife $4,750 per month for the maintenance of
both children; this is back-dated to begin from October 2012, and in this
regard the Husband is to pay to the Wife a lump sum amount for the difference
between the interim maintenance order and this maintenance order; and

(f) the Husband shall bear costs of the PI Fees amounting to $10,000.

50 Marriage is an equal co-operative partnership of efforts, and financial and
non-financial contributions are equally recognised as both roles need to be
performed equally well for the marriage to flourish. In the interest of
helping the parties to move on and not to prolong this unhappy litigation, I
make no further order as to costs of these ancillary matters proceedings.

* * *

[note: 1]Pf Skeletal Submissions for AM Hearings at para 19.

[note: 2]Df Submissions for AM Hearings at para 5.

[note: 3]Pf Skeletal Submissions for AM Hearings at para 19, which refers to
the Fact and Position Sheet (found at Tab 6 of the Pf Skeletal Submissions) at
pp 8-14.

[note: 4]Df Submissions for AM Hearings at para 5.

[note: 5]Pf Skeletal Submissions for AM Hearings at Tab 6 p12 and Df 1st AOM
dated 25 February 2013 at Tab F p 75.

[note: 6]Df Submissions for AM Hearings at para 5.

[note: 7]Df Submissions for AM Hearings at para 5.

[note: 8]Pf Skeletal Submissions for AM Hearings p 8.

[note: 9]Df 1st AOM dated 25 February 2013 at para 20(14).

[note: 10]Df 1st AOM dated 25 February 2013 at para 19.

[note: 11]Df 2nd Affidavit for AM Matters dated 22 March 2013 at Tab 5.

[note: 12]Pf Skeletal Submissions for AM hearings p 8.

[note: 13]Df 2nd Affidavit for AM Matters dated 22 March 2013 at para 53.

[note: 14]Pf Skeletal Submissions for AM Hearings p 8.

[note: 15]Pf Skeletal Submissions for AM Hearings p 8.

[note: 16]Pf Skeletal Submissions for AM Hearings at para 24(2).

[note: 17]Pf Skeletal Submissions for AM Hearings at para 9.

[note: 18]Pf Skeletal Submissions for AM Hearings at para 13.

[note: 19]Pf 1st AOM dated 28 January 2013 at p 41.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Dec 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

