Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Orchard Central Pte Ltd _v_ Cupid Jewels Pte Ltd (Forever Jewels Pte Ltd,
non-party)  
[2013] SGHC 46

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 813 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 February 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ling Tien Wah and Ho Chun Yoong Charles (Rodyk & Davidson
LLP) for the plaintiff; David Nayar (David Nayar and Vardan) for the
defendant; Suresh Damodara (Damodara Hazra LLP) for the non-party.  
Parties| :|  Orchard Central Pte Ltd — Cupid Jewels Pte Ltd (Forever Jewels
Pte Ltd, non-party)  
  
22 February 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J :

1 These proceedings concern two related applications for the release of goods
seized by a landlord of commercial premises under a writ of distress issued on
6 August 2010. The first application was brought by the tenant, and the second
application was brought by a third party claiming to have beneficial ownership
over the seized goods.

Background

Parties to the dispute

2 The plaintiff, Orchard Central Pte Ltd (“Orchard Central”), is the landlord
of a commercial and retail development located at 123 Orchard Road known as
Orchard Central (“OC”).

3 The defendant, Cupid Jewels Pte Ltd (“Cupid Jewels”), leased two units in
OC, #01-D1 and #02-07 (hereafter the “Premises”), from Orchard Central for the
purpose of carrying out the retail sales of jewellery.

4 The non-party, Forever Jewels Pte Ltd (“Forever Jewels”), is described as
the “sister company” of Cupid Jewels.[note: 1] Cupid Jewels and Forever Jewels
share the same directors and two common shareholders.

The negotiations over the Lease Agreement

5 Sometime in October 2007, Marjory Lim Bee Teen (“Lim Bee Teen”) – the
managing director of Forever Jewels – and Rosalind Lim Kah Nai (“Lim Kah Nai”)
– executive director of Cupid Jewels – commenced negotiations with
representatives from Far East Retail Consultancy Pte Ltd (“Far East”), the
company responsible for the conduct of leasing matters relating to OC.

6 On 25 May 2008, a lease agreement was entered into for the Premises for a
period of three years (“the Lease Agreement”). Pursuant to cl 1.2 and Schedule
1 to the Lease Agreement, the rent payable was either a base rent of a fixed
sum per month or a percentage rent of 5% of the monthly gross sales turnover,
whichever was higher.

7 In March 2009, before Cupid Jewels took possession of the Premises, Lim Kah
Nai wrote to Far East seeking a review of rental rates as “the current market
situation [was] working against all of [them]” and because “the tenant mix and
occupancy [had] yet to reach the projected figures that were presented to
[Cupid Jewels]”.[note: 2] Far East agreed to offer a rental assistance of
$13,294 to be distributed between June and October 2009.

8 Possession of the Premises was handed over to Cupid Jewels on 9 June 2009
for renovations, and Cupid Jewels commenced business at OC in two phases; the
unit located on Level 2 opened in September 2009 and the unit located on Level
1 opened in December 2009.[note: 3]

The negotiations over the payment of rental arrears

9 Sometime in May 2010, the director of retail operations of Cupid Jewels,
Louis Chua How Meng (“Louis Chua”), began negotiations with representatives
from Far East and Orchard Central for a rental review. On 1 June 2010, Jaylyn
Ong, the general manager of Orchard Central, offered a rental rebate ranging
from 40% to 60% of the base rent for the months of September 2009 to November
2009 and January 2010 to May 2010.[note: 4] A formal rebate letter was
forwarded to Louis Chua on 2 June 2010 with the following conditions[note: 5]:

Our offer is made in good faith on our part. We hope that this will help us to
move forward together to establish a fruitful and mutually beneficial
relationship.

An acceptance of this offer would also indicate your unconditional acceptance
of the confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions set out in Schedule 1
herein as well as full compliance with the following:

(1) _Payment of outstanding [sic] for the Premises_.

(2) _Acceptance must be accompanied by a cheque for full payment of the sum_
subject to subsequent clearance.

(3) Rental must be kept current at all times.

(4) Full compliance with the terms and conditions of the Lease Agreement.

_We would be grateful if you could kindly confirm your acceptance of the above
by signing on the duplicate copy of this letter and return it ... no later
than 9 June 2010_.

...

_If for any reason we do not receive the duly signed duplicate copy of this
letter by the above stipulated date, the offer shall lapse absolutely without
further notice from us._ Please note that the Rent Rebate will only take
effect on your fulfilment of the conditions precedent stated above.

[emphasis added]

10 Cupid Jewels did not sign the rebate letter or confirm acceptance of the
offer. Louis Chua gave evidence during cross-examination that, after the offer
lapsed on 4 June 2010, there was a subsequent meeting with representatives
from Far East and Orchard Central, including Jaylyn Ong and Chan Iz-lynn, who
was taking over the matter from Jaylyn Ong. The parties discussed the
possibility of reviewing the rent, but there is no evidence that any agreement
was reached.[note: 6]

11 Louis Chua responded via email on 14 June 2010, proposing a rental package
with a base rent of $15,000 plus a graduated percentage rent of the sales
turnover. Louis Chua also requested Far East to consider extending the
proposal retrospectively from August 2009.[note: 7] Chan Iz-lynn replied on 17
June 2010. She rejected Louis Chua’s proposal for a new retrospective rental
package, but stated that Orchard Central would “honour our rebate committed as
shown in the list, provided that [Cupid Jewels] come [sic] with a plan to
settle the arrears up till May10 [sic], _within a reasonable timeframe_ ”
[emphasis added].[note: 8]

12 The next email correspondence on rental from Louis Chua was not until 13
July 2010, in which he requested for payment of rental arrears to commence in
August 2010, in 24 monthly instalments.[note: 9] On 27 July 2010, Chan Iz-lynn
replied with the following message[note: 10]:

... We have reviewed your request comprehensively and regret that we are
unable to agree to your request of payment of your outstanding arrears in 24
months. We have reviewed, and request that all the arrears be paid by 31 Dec
2010.

We look forward to your instalment plans, afterwhich [sic], we can move our
discussion forward.

Louis Chua sent an email acknowledging receipt on 29 July 2010, and notified
Chan Iz-lynn that the owners of Cupid Jewels were presently “outstation” and
that he would “revert on plans after meeting with the owners”.[note: 11] From
29 July 2010 to 5 August 2010, Louis Chua continued to correspond with other
representatives of Far East on the provision of audited sales reports and
sales statements.[note: 12]

Procedural history

13 On 6 August 2010, Orchard Central filed an _ex parte_ application for a
writ of distress for the sum of $891,507.99 being the amount due in respect of
outstanding rent for the period from August 2009 to August 2010. Writ of
Distress No 2 of 2010 (the “Writ of Distress”) was granted by the Assistant
Registrar (the “AR”), and the sheriff seized all the goods found on the
Premises on the same day pursuant to the writ of distress. The seized goods
included 576 items of jewellery (the “distrained jewellery”), furniture,
displays and office equipment.

14 On 16 August 2010, Cupid Jewels filed Summons No 3835 of 2010 (“Cupid
Jewels’ Application”) for the release of all the distrained jewellery pursuant
to s 16 of the Distress Act (Cap 84, 1996 Rev Ed). A separate application
Summons No 3916 of 2010 was filed by Forever Jewels (“Forever Jewels’
Application”) on 19 August 2010 for the distrained jewellery to be released to
the custody of Forever Jewels pursuant to s 10 of the Distress Act.

15 Both applications came before me for hearing on 7 September 2010. I
dismissed Cupid Jewels’ Application and granted leave for the parties to
cross-examine the deponents of the affidavits filed in this matter.

16 Cupid Jewels appealed against my dismissal of its application. The Court of
Appeal restored Cupid Jewels’ Application to be heard together with Forever
Jewels’ Application: see _Cupid Jewels Pte Ltd v Orchard Central Pte Ltd_
[2011] 3 SLR 492 (“ _Cupid Jewels (CA)_ ”).

The applications for release of the distrained jewellery

17 Cupid Jewels’ Application was premised on the following grounds:

(a) Orchard Central had failed to make full and frank disclosure to the AR
when making the _ex parte_ application for the Writ of Distress.

(b) The application for the Writ of Distress did not satisfy the procedural
requirements under s 5 of the Distress Act.

(c) Orchard Central was estopped from enforcing its strict legal rights to
take out the Writ of Distress as it had made a representation to Cupid Jewels
that a rental rebate would be granted and that the latter would have until 31
December 2010 to pay the rental arrears in instalments.

(d) Cupid Jewels was entitled to the release of the distrained jewellery under
s 16 of the Distress Act as the goods were exempt from seizure under s 8(d) of
the same act.

18 Forever Jewels argued that the distrained jewellery should be released to
it under s 10 of the Distress Act as it was at all times the beneficial owner
of the distrained jewellery and Orchard Central had actual knowledge of this
fact.

Cupid Jewels’ Application

19 I preface my discussion of Cupid Jewels’ Application by noting that a
number of arguments were raised in submissions by Forever Jewels. Orchard
Central took the position that Forever Jewels had no _locus standi_ to raise
any issues that relate solely to the grounds of Cupid Jewels’ Application.
However, as Cupid Jewels indicated its adoption of Forever Jewels’ submissions
without reservation, I will, for completeness, consider these supplementary
arguments where relevant.

Issue I: Was there material-nondisclosure?

20 Cupid Jewels argued that Orchard Central had failed to make full and frank
disclosure to the AR while taking out the application for the Writ of
Distress. In particular, Orchard Central had allegedly failed to inform the AR
of the ongoing negotiations between the parties for the payment of the rental
arrears only by 31 December 2010 or the pending offer for a rental rebate
conditional upon the proposal of an acceptable instalment plan for repayment
by Cupid Jewels. Cupid Jewels further submitted that the court should adopt an
even stricter view than that generally taken in relation to _ex parte_
applications, as the execution by seizure and sale pursuant to a writ of
distress proceeds without the landlord having to prove his claim.

21 In response, Orchard Central submitted that it had never informed Cupid
Jewels that payment was only required by 31 December 2010; the email
correspondence was only for the purpose of inviting Cupid Jewels to forward
its instalment plans for Orchard Central to consider whether it would
reinstate the offer made on 2 June 2010 to provide rental assistance, which
had lapsed as of 6 August 2010. There was nothing material to disclose beyond
informing the court that Cupid Jewels was aware of the arrears and that the
arrears were for the 12-month period as prescribed by s 5 of Distress Act.

22 As a writ of distress is taken out _ex parte_ and the writ is issued at the
court’s discretion under s 5 of the Distress Act, it is clear that parties are
obliged to make full and frank disclosure to assist the court in reaching a
balanced determination after being apprised of all the relevant facts. I agree
with Cupid Jewels that a writ of distress is a “draconian” remedy that could
potentially cause serious and irreparable damage; there is therefore a duty on
the landlord to give full and frank disclosure, although I would hesitate to
agree with Cupid Jewels that a different level of disclosure should apply to
writs of distress in particular. I will hence proceed on the basis of the
general principles articulated by the courts in relation to all _ex parte_
applications.

23 The classic articulation of this general principle is Warrington LJ’s
_dicta_ in _The King v The General Commissioners for the Purposes of the
Income Tax Acts for the District of Kensington; Ex parte Princess Edmond de
Polignac_ [1917] 1 KB 486 at 509:

... It is perfectly well settled that a person who makes an ex parte
application to the Court – that is to say, in the absence of the person who
will be affected by that which the Court is asked to do – is under an
obligation to the Court to make the fullest possible disclosure of all
material facts within his knowledge, and if he does not make that fullest
possible disclosure, then he cannot obtain any advantage from the proceedings,
and he will be deprived of any advantage he may have already obtained by means
of the order which has thus wrongly been obtained by him. That is perfectly
plain and requires no authority to justify it. …

24 The modern principles governing full and fair disclosure in the context of
a Mareva injunction were summarised by Chan Seng Onn J in _Bahtera Offshore
(M) Sdn Bhd v Sim Kok Beng and another_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 365 (“ _Bahtera_ ”):

(a) The plaintiff in an _ex parte_ application is under a duty to make full
and fair disclosure of all material facts in his possession, even if they are
prejudicial to his claim. This includes defences that are likely to be
advanced by the other party (at [20] of _Bahtera_).

(b) Material facts include both legal and factual matters, and include facts
that the plaintiff has knowledge of and facts which he ought to have known or
could have discovered had he made proper inquiries (at [22] of _Bahtera_). The
test of materiality is whether it is a fact that the court should take into
account in making its decision, and this depends on the facts and
circumstances of each case and the relief sought (at [23] of _Bahtera_).

(c) The court will not necessarily discharge an application granted _ex parte_
if it is subsequently found that the plaintiff has not made full and frank
disclosure. The court retains a discretion and whether it exercises its
discretion will depend on factors such as the relief sought, the seriousness
of the non-disclosure, the importance of the undisclosed facts and the merits
of the plaintiff’s case and whether the material non-disclosure was an
inadvertent oversight or whether it was deliberate and intended to mislead the
court (at [25]-[27] of _Bahtera_).

25 In Orchard Central’s supporting affidavit, filed by one Sim Chee Wah, for
the Writ of Distress, it was averred that the basis of Cupid Jewels’
obligation to pay rental was the Lease Agreement and the statement of accounts
showing the sum of rental arrears as of 3 August 2010 (the “Statement of
Accounts”). The notes of evidence indicated that counsel for Orchard Central
had also informed the AR that Cupid Jewels was aware of the rental arrears:

Ct: They are aware of the arrears?

[Counsel for Orchard Central]: Monthly statements were sent.[note: 13]

It was not disputed that Orchard Central had not disclosed that there had been
prior negotiations between Louis Chua and Chan Iz-Lynn for the repayment of
rental arrears.

26 In my view, the negotiations for a rental rebate and payment of the arrears
in instalments was a material fact that a court would have taken into account
in deciding whether the Writ of Distress should be issued, even if this fact
would not, in the end, have determined the matter against the applicant. The
AR would reasonably have factored this into his consideration of whether the
rental arrears were in fact “due or payable”, even if he eventually takes the
view that the strict legal obligation to make payments for rent had
nevertheless arisen under the Lease Agreement. This was a plausible defence
that could have been advanced by Cupid Jewels, and was therefore relevant to
the court in its assessment of whether the conditions under s 5 of the
Distress Act had been satisfied. I am therefore unable to agree with Orchard
Central that the only material facts that had to be disclosed were that Cupid
Jewels was aware of the rental arrears and that the arrears claimed for were
within the 12-month period prescribed by the Distress Act. Although it was not
disputed that Cupid Jewels was aware of its _liability_ to pay the rental
arrears, the AR may have wished to seek further clarification on whether the
negotiations between the parties were conducted on the basis that Cupid Jewels
was nevertheless aware of its _present obligation_ to pay the arrears before
exercising his discretion to issue the writ.

27 However, I do not think that Orchard Central’s failure to disclose the
background negotiations would necessarily justify a setting aside of the Writ
of Distress on that ground alone. As the Court of Appeal observed in _The
“Vasiliy Golovnin”_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 at [84]:

... while material non-disclosure is a legitimate ground for setting aside a
warrant of arrest, the courts always retain an overriding discretion whether
or not to do so ... The courts will often _apply the principle of
proportionality in assessing the sin of omission against the impact of such
default._ This invariably requires a measured assessment of the material facts
as well as the circumstances in which the application has been made. [emphasis
added]

I acknowledge that it may not have been plainly obvious to Orchard Central
that its statutory right to take out a writ of distress may have been affected
by negotiations over payment of the rental arrears. The relevance of the
negotiations was not initially evident to Cupid Jewels itself; these facts
were not put before me during the initial hearing of its application and only
subsequently came to light when Cupid Jewels filed an affidavit raising fresh
evidence of the negotiations before the Court of Appeal. The borderline
between what was a material and non-material fact in the circumstances may
have been an uncertain one to Orchard Central. I have some sympathy for
Orchard Central’s submission that it had genuinely held the view (correctly or
otherwise) that the subsequent negotiations after the formal offer for rental
rebates had lapsed on 4 June 2010 were only commenced on a without prejudice
basis and that no unconditional agreement had been reached. While the omission
was material, it does not appear to me to be an overwhelming or blatant one.

28 I also do not find that the omission was deliberate or cynical or that
Orchard Central had intentionally distorted the facts by informing the AR that
Cupid Jewels was aware of the arrears as monthly statements had been sent to
Cupid Jewels. Although counsel for Forever Jewels disputed whether invoices or
statements had been sent to the correct address, Cupid Jewels did not, at any
point, claim that they had not been aware of the arrears or that the total sum
of the arrears had not been communicated to them or brought to their
attention. In the absence of any affirmative evidence that Orchard Central had
in fact not sent monthly statements, there is nothing to indicate that Orchard
Central had sought to mislead the AR.

29 Balancing Orchard Central’s culpability and the gravity of the omission
with the potential prejudice that may have been suffered by Cupid Jewels as a
result of the omission, it would be entirely disproportionate to set aside the
Writ of Distress at this stage and order the release of the distrained
jewellery. Orchard Central would now not be able to exercise any of its
alternative remedies as a landlord, apart from a contractual action under the
Lease Agreement, and I do not think that the injustice suffered by Cupid
Jewels – who has not denied at all times that it was legally liable to pay the
rental arrears under the Lease Agreement – from the execution of the Writ of
Distress was so grave that the Writ of Distress should be set aside. The
injustice purportedly suffered by Cupid Jewels, _viz_ , eviction from the
Premises and termination of their business, stemmed from Orchard Central’s
right of re-entry as a landlord under the Lease Agreement, not the execution
of the Writ of Distress.

Issue II: Were the statutory conditions under s 5 of the Distress Act
satisfied?

Rents “due and payable”

30 Section 4 of the Distress Act states that “no landlord shall distrain for
rent except in the manner provided by this Act”, and s 5(1) sets out the
conditions for an application for a writ of distress:

**5** —(1) A landlord or his agent duly authorised in writing may apply ex
parte to a judge or registrar for an order for the issue of a writ, to be
called a writ of distress, for the recovery of rent _due or payable_ to the
landlord by a tenant of any premises _for a period not exceeding 12 completed
months of the tenancy immediately preceding the date of the application_ ; and
the judge or registrar may make such order accordingly.

[emphasis added]

31 Cupid Jewels argued that rental arrears in the sum of $891,507.99 were not
“due or payable” at the time the application for the Writ of Distress was
made, and the Writ of Distress was accordingly flawed and had to be
discharged. The only relevant “arrears” were for the sum of $363,657.91, _ie_
, the total sum after the rental rebate, and no “cause of action” existed at
the material time as there was an offer pending acceptance. Forever Jewels
submitted that the obligation to pay rental was never triggered as the
percentage rent under the Lease Agreement had not been calculated and Cupid
Jewels had not been given notice thereof. Based on a _contra proferentum_
construction of cl 1.2 of the Lease Agreement, it must have been the intention
of the parties that the amount of percentage rent would be determined before
Cupid Jewels was obliged to pay rental for that month.

32 The words “due or payable” should be given a plain linguistic construction
to refer to a legal obligation to pay for rental under a tenancy agreement.
This is a question to be resolved in accordance with the Lease Agreement
governing the landlord-tenant relationship and the surrounding facts

33 Clause 1.2 of the Lease Agreement provided as follows:

**1.2 Rent**

(a) The rent payable (“Rent”) by the Tenant during the Term shall comprise the
aggregate of:

(i) the base rent (“Base Rent”); or

(ii) the percentage rent (“Percentage Rent”), whichever is higher, in
accordance to the provisions of Schedule 3; and

(iii) the service charge (“Service Charge”).

calculated at the rates as stated in Schedule 1 ...

(b) _The Tenant shall pay the Rent monthly in advance without any deductions
and without demand on the first day of each calendar month of the Term_. Where
the Term does not commence on the first day of a calendar month, the Rent and
any other charges payable under this Agreement shall be pro-rated accordingly.
The Landlord’s statement in writing as to the pro-rated payments due from the
Tenant shall be binding and conclusive on the Tenant.

[emphasis added]

Clause 1.2 defines the scope of Cupid Jewels’ obligation to make payments for
rent, and the simple question before this court is whether the obligation to
pay, in relation to the period for which the Writ of Distress was issued, had
arisen.

34 Based on the above construction of the phrase “due and payable”, I am
unable to accede to Cupid Jewels’ contention that the rents “due or payable”
as of 6 August 2010 were at most for the rebated rental arrears of
$363,657.91. The strict legal obligation to pay advance rental as specified in
cl 1.2 of the Lease Agreement took effect on the first day of each calendar
month without the issuance of a formal demand or notice, and Louis Chua
conceded that the parties had at no time reached a different _agreement_ on
the time or quantum of payment.[note: 14] Until the purported offer for a
rental rebate had been accepted by Cupid Jewels and the condition precedents
for the offer satisfied, the accrued legal obligation to pay the full sum
under the Lease Agreement had yet to be extinguished or varied.

35 Forever Jewels’ convoluted construction of cl 1.2 also defies commercial
sense. The obligation to pay rental arises in advance on the first day of each
calendar month, and is calculated on the basis of either a fixed base rent or
a percentage rent of 5% of the gross sales for that month, whichever is the
higher. It is, in my view, far more logical and sensible to construe the
clause as imposing an obligation to pay the base rent – as the minimum rental
sum – on the first day of each calendar month in advance, with the percentage
rent for that month calculated after the completion of that month and the
relevant adjustments made thereafter. In short, the obligation to pay the base
rent is triggered at the beginning of each month, and is not dependent on the
determination of the percentage rent, which is only in issue if subsequent
upward adjustments to the total rent payable have to be made. On Forever
Jewels’ interpretation of the overall effect of cl 1.2, cl 1.2(b) would be
incapable of performance as the percentage rent cannot possibly be determined
at the beginning of the month; this runs contrary to the established canon of
contractual interpretation that a court should hesitate to interpret a
provision in a manner that would render any other provision superfluous. I
also note that Cupid Jewels itself had at no point denied that the base rent
was due and payable.

36 It is thus clear to me that the sums indicated in the Statement of Accounts
reflected the base rent for the relevant period and were “due and payable” at
the time the application was made.

Period for which the Writ of Distress was issued

37 Forever Jewels also submitted that Orchard Central had claimed for a period
exceeding 12 completed months of the tenancy immediately preceding the date of
the application, and that the Writ of Distress should accordingly be
discharged for failure to comply with the conditions in s 5(1) of the Distress
Act. On the face of the Statement of Accounts, the relevant invoice period
that Orchard Central was claiming for was from 8 August 2009 to 31 August
2010, a period of almost 13 months.

38 I accept the explanation given by Goh Boon Peng, an assistant director of
Far East who was responsible for overseeing the commercial operations of OC,
that the actual sum of rental arrears claimed for under the Writ of Distress
was for less than 12 months although the period reflected on the face of the
computer generated Statement of Accounts was for a period of 13 months as the
invoice description could not be manually altered. Although the Statement of
Accounts did not clearly enumerate the precise rental arrears due for each
calendar month or how rental adjustments were made, the full sum claimed under
the Writ of Distress was S$891,507.99, which was clearly less than the full
sum of rental payments that were due under the Lease Agreement for the
relevant period of 12 months based on the available evidence.

39 I therefore do not consider that there was any substantive irregularity in
the Writ of Distress that would render the Writ of Distress void or invalid.

Issue III: Are the requirements of promissory estoppel satisfied such that
Orchard Central was estopped from enforcing its strict legal rights under the
Lease Agreement to take out a writ of distress?

40 Cupid Jewels submitted that Orchard Central was estopped from filing the
application for the Writ of Distress as Orchard Central had made a promise
that it would not enforce its legal rights to demand full payment of the
arrears at least until 31 December 2010.

41 Orchard Central denied that a promissory estoppel had arisen. It claimed
that it had carried on the negotiations with Cupid Jewels on a without
prejudice basis and had made no representations or promises to the effect that
it would not be enforcing its legal rights against Cupid Jewels to recover the
rental arrears. Orchard Central further argued that Cupid Jewels had not
adduced any evidence to show how it had acted to its detriment in reliance on
Orchard Central’s conduct; Cupid Jewels had merely done what it was at all
times already contractually obliged to do under the Lease Agreement.

Application of the doctrine of promissory estoppel to a statutorily conferred
right to apply for a writ of distress

42 A preliminary issue that arises is whether a promissory estoppel may arise
to preclude the exercise of a _statutorily conferred_ right, _viz_ , the right
to apply for a writ of distress once the conditions under s 5 of the Distress
Act have been satisfied.

43 While the doctrine historically developed within the confines of a
contractual relationship, I do not see any reason in principle why a
promissory estoppel cannot arise to invalidate a writ of distress issued
pursuant to a statutorily prescribed procedure. The statutory right to apply
for a writ of distress is premised on a contractual right to payment of rent
under a pre-existing landlord-tenant relationship; the principle underlying a
promissory estoppel – the suspension or abeyance of the enforcement of a
strict legal right – would apply equally to a situation where the landlord’s
right to apply for a remedy conferred under statute cannot be exercised
because the landlord has been estopped from asserting that the condition
precedents to exercising such a right have been satisfied. The traditional
limits of the promissory estoppel doctrine only demand that there be a pre-
existing legal relationship between the parties: see Spencer Bower, _The Law
Relating to Estoppel by Representation_ (Piers Feltham et al eds) (LexisNexis
UK, 4th Ed, 2004) at para XIV.2.23.

Elements of promissory estoppel

44 The traditional elements of promissory estoppel are well-established, _viz_
, representation, reliance and detriment (see _The Law of Contract in
Singapore_ (Andrew Phang Boon Leong _gen ed_) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at
paras 04.073-04.085), but the precise ambits of each element are ambiguous.
There is a further overarching requirement that it must have been
_inequitable_ in the all circumstances for the promisor to resile on his
promise.

45 First, the representation or promise must have been clear and unequivocal.
This is a question of fact in each case, but the general principle is that the
promise gives rise to an _objective_ understanding that _certain_ strict legal
rights of the promisor _will not be enforced_ , at least for a period. It has
been held that negotiations on a substituted manner of performance of a
contractual obligation will not give rise to a promissory estoppel in relation
to the contractually mandated time of performance in the absence of an
understanding that there would be an extension of time (see the Court of
Appeal decision of _Energy Shipping Co Ltd v UDL Shipping (Singapore) Pte Ltd_
[1995] 2 SLR(R) 609), and neither will “mere acts of indulgence” (_per_
Viscount Simonds in _Tool Metal Manufacturing Co Ltd v Tungsten Electric Co
Ltd_ [1955] 1 WLR 761 at 764) suffice.

46 Having considered the chain of correspondence between the representatives
of Orchard Central and Cupid Jewels, I accept that a sufficiently clear
representation could be inferred that Orchard Central would not, at least
before negotiations on the payment of arrears had broken off, insist on
asserting its strict legal remedies to recover the full sum of rental arrears,
including its right to apply for a writ of distress. While Louis Chua admitted
that he did not accept the original offer of 2 June 2010, it would appear that
the offer was subsequently revived by the email from Chan Iz-lynn dated 17
June 2010; until 27 July 2010, Orchard Central continued to take the
ostensible position that negotiations for an appropriate payment scheme were
still pending. Orchard Central did not call Chan Iz-lynn as a witness, and its
only witness, Goh Boon Peng, was not personally involved in any verbal
discussions that the representatives of the parties may have had. The email
correspondence is therefore the only record or summary of the overall
negotiations, and in my view, they must evince an objective representation by
Orchard Central that it would not exercise any of its legal remedies to demand
immediate payment of the arrears while negotiations on an appropriate
instalment payment plan were still pending. The negotiations would otherwise
be rendered meaningless. There can be no other meaning of the sentence “We
look forward to your installment plans, afterwhich, we can _move our
discussion forward_ ” [emphasis added] in the email sent by Chan Iz-lynn on 27
July 2010. I also do not consider that Orchard Central was granting a without
prejudice indulgence or concession to Cupid Jewels not to demand immediate
payment of the rental arrears. Orchard Central was not merely refraining from
insisting on strict compliance on the date of payment of rent, but was also
offering a substantial rebate of the rental arrears if Cupid Jewels was able
to offer a satisfactory installment plan. The negotiations were plainly
intended to affect the legal positions of the parties.

47 I now turn to consider the more controversial elements of “detrimental
reliance”. Cupid Jewels submitted that it had suffered detriment in reliance
on the representation by Orchard Central. Counsel for Forever Jewels relied on
the cases of _Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd v Shiok Kim Seng (trading as
IKO Precision Toolings)_ [2011] 1 SLR 433 (“ _Lim Chin San_ ”) and _Lam Chi
Kin David v Deutsche Bank AG_ [2011] 1 SLR 800 (“ _Lam Chi Kin (CA)_ ”) in
support of the proposition that the element of detriment was no longer
determinative in the finding of an estoppel. The key question was instead
whether it was unconscionable or inequitable for the promisor to resile from
his promise or representation. Orchard Central argued that Cupid Jewels had
not adduced any evidence to show how it had acted to its detriment in reliance
on Orchard Central’s representation; Cupid Jewels was not, in any event, in a
position to make any payment for the arrears at the material time and it was
not inequitable or unconscionable for Orchard Central to apply for the Writ of
Distress in the circumstances.

48 I first note that _Lim Chin San_ was concerned with the law of
_proprietary_ and not promissory estoppel; there is, at the present stage of
the development of the law, no unified legal principle of “estoppel”, and I do
not think that principles from separate and distinct areas of the law should
be elided. In _Lam Chi Kin David v Deutsche Bank AG_ [2010] 2 SLR 896 (“ _Lam
Chi Kin (HC)_ ”), Steven Chong JC observed that there was a divergence of
judicial opinion on whether detriment was a necessary element of promissory
estoppel and stated at [55]-[57]:

55 The principal reason for the divergence of judicial and academic opinion
about the requirement to establish a detriment is because the term “detriment”
has not been used consistently: see Bower at p 481. It has been used to
describe:

(a) Expenditure of money and time

In _Yokogawa Engineering Asia Pte Ltd v Transtel Engineering Pte Ltd_ [2009] 2
SLR(R) 532, the court held that the plaintiff was estopped from relying on the
correct version of the arbitration clause because the defendant had commenced
arbitration proceedings under the ICC Rules and had paid the sum of US$30,000
to the ICC based on an outdated version of the general conditions which was
provided by the plaintiff. The court found that the payment of the US$30,000
constituted “detriment”. Similarly in _Hartley v Hymans_ [1920] 3 KB 475, the
buyer was found to be estopped from exercising his right to terminate because
by his conduct he had led the seller to believe that the contract was still
valid (even though the delay would have justified termination) and the seller
had incurred expenditure in preparation for future deliveries.

(b) Incurring a liability

In _Fenner v Blake_ [1900] 1 QB 426, the tenant represented to the landlord
that he wanted to vacate the premises midway during the tenancy. Relying on
the representation, the landlord sold the premises to a third party. The
tenant subsequently refused to vacate the premises and claimed there was no
consideration for his promise to quit the premises. The court had no
hesitation in finding that the tenant was estopped from resiling from his
promise to vacate the premises because the landlord had incurred a liability
in relying on the tenant’s promise by entering into the sale and purchase
agreement for the premises. In so doing, the landlord had rendered himself
liable to an action at the suit of the purchaser if he was unable to provide
vacant possession.

(c) Change of position

The _locus classicus_ of this species of detriment is none other than _Thomas
Hughes v The Directors of the Metropolitan Railway Company_ (1877) 2 App Cas
439 (“ _Hughes_ ”). In that case, the owner of the freehold gave six months
notice to the lessee to repair the premises. The lessee, however, made an
offer to purchase the owner’s leasehold interest. Unfortunately, the
negotiations which went on for some time did not result in the sale whereupon
the owner gave the lessee notice of ejectment for failing to complete the
repairs on time. The court found that the owner was estopped from enforcing
its strict legal rights because the lessee had changed his position by relying
on the owner’s implied promise that he would not be required to repair the
premises while the negotiations were underway.

(d) Deprivation of benefit

This has already been covered in _W J Alan_ in ... In _W J Alan_ , the buyers
through the sellers’ conduct was led to believe that payment could be made in
sterling shilling. The court found that the sellers had irrevocably waived the
right to receive payment in Kenyan currency. If the sellers were permitted to
withdraw from the promise, the buyers would be deprived of the benefit to pay
in sterling shilling which by that time had devalued against Kenya shilling.

56 **Expenditure of money/time and incurring a liability have often been
described as “detriment” in the narrow sense because in both these situations,
the promisee** **_had already_** **suffered the “detriment” in reliance on the
promise. However as for change of position and deprivation of benefit, the
promisee** **_would only_** **suffer the “detriment” if the promisor is
permitted to resile from his promise. This is commonly described as
“detriment” in the broader sense.**

57 In my view, it will not be helpful to attach labels to properly
characterise “detriment”. **The overarching principle in each of these
categories is that the doctrine has consistently been held to apply in
circumstances when it was inequitable either in the narrow or broader sense of
“detriment” for the promisor to resile from his promise and to enforce his
strict legal rights.** ...

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

The general principle that emerges from _Lam Chi Kin (HC)_ therefore appears
to be that while a promisee must have relied on the promise or representation,
the semantic characterisation of the _nature_ of the reliance as “detrimental”
may simply be a description of a situation where the promisee had acted in
reliance on the promise in such a way so as to render it inequitable to allow
the promisor to act inconsistently with the promise (see _Chitty on Contracts_
vol 1 general principles (Thomson Reuters (Legal) Limited, 30th Ed, 2008) at
para 3-135).

49 Chong JC’s finding that there was no promissory estoppel on the facts was
overturned by the Court of Appeal in _Lam Chi Kin (CA)_ , but the Court of
Appeal did not disagree with the legal principles set out by Chong JC.
Nevertheless, I do not think that it is clear or even implicit from either
_Lam Chi Kin (HC)_ or _Lam Chi Kin (CA)_ that the inquiry into “detriment” in
the sense of prejudice in some broad form is _generally_ no longer a formal
legal pre-condition to a finding of a promissory estoppel; significantly, both
Chong JC and the Court of Appeal considered on the facts whether any
“detriment” had been suffered in reliance on the promise: see _Lam Chi Kin
(HC)_ at [63]-[69] and _Lam Chi Kin (CA)_ at [38] (_cf Lam Chi Kin (CA)_ at
[40], which accepted, _obiter_ , that there may be an _exception_ to the rule
that detriment is required if the promisor has obtained an advantage by the
reliance of the promisee on the representation). I will thus proceed on the
basis that both the broad and narrow characterisations of “detriment” are
proxies for assessing whether the promisee was made worse off, rendering it
inequitable for the promisor to now resile from the promise, rather than
focusing solely on “inequity” or “unconscionability”, which is premised on a
much higher level of abstraction.

50 Cupid Jewels argued that it had relied to its detriment on Orchard
Central’s promise and assurances:

(a) by remaining on the Premises, continuing to operate its business and
making future plans for the business; and

(b) by refraining from making immediate arrangements for full repayment of the
rental arrears while Orchard Central took the time to consider a proposal for
payments of the rental arrears by instalments.

51 The detriment allegedly suffered in category (a) could be classified as
detriment in the narrow sense if Cupid Jewels was able to prove on the
evidence that it had incurred further expenditure on the understanding that it
could continue its business on the Premises and would – with the extended
period for payment promised by Orchard Central – be able to pay the rent at a
later date. I find that Cupid Jewels has not discharged the burden of
demonstrating this. The only evidence directly adduced on this point were
cursory comments made by Louis Chua during re-examination that Cupid Jewels
had taken the position that it could continue its day-to-day business while
negotiations were ongoing:

A When this email was sent to us by Iz-Lynn of the 27th of July---erm, I---I
---I go back a bit first before I tell you our position. We know that we have
to pay the rent. That is something we need to do, all right, and we asked them
for 24-month instalment plan, which after they said that they have reviewed it
comprehensively and regret that they:

[Reads] “...are unable to agree to your request of payment of your outstanding
arrears in 24 months”.

I take it that they don’t agree to 24 months, but however, they said they have
reviewed and request that all arrears be paid by 31st December. Which means to
me, or a person reading this email would have thought, I have the 5 month to
pay. So that, in my mind, will be business as usual, I continue with my
business, er, I also continue to talk to promotional companies to do, er,
promotion within the atrium of, er, er, Orchard Central, all right?

...

… So our position was, business as usual, let’s come back with the, er,
5-month plan and present it to, er, Orchard Central and see how we go from
there, basically to---to be---to---to solidify the case that we---we can’t be
spending more than $1 million on renovation and then stop business after 1
year. This is illogical.[note: 15]

There were also only vague assertions of proposed marketing plans and
discussions with third parties for various promotional events in the email
correspondence between Louis Chua and Chan Iz-lynn.[note: 16] While I accept
that Cupid Jewels had continued to pursue its usual business activities and
had intentions to carry out rebranding and promotional activities to increase
its sales turnover, there was no documentary evidence to show actual
expenditure of money or effort or any additional liabilities incurred by
entering into contracts for advertising or sponsorship in _reliance_ on
Orchard Central’s representation that Cupid Jewels would be allowed to defer
payment of the rental arrears. The causal link was assumed rather than proven.

52 I now consider whether Cupid Jewels’ assertion of the “detriment” suffered
in category (b) would fall within the broad definition, _ie_ , a change in
position that represents a “detriment which would result from the denial of
the correctness of the assumption upon which the person has relied” (_per_
Mason CJ in _The Commonwealth of Australia v Verwayen_ (1990) 170 CLR 394 at
415). It may be argued that the alleged “detriment” suffered by Cupid Jewels
bears some similarity to the _locus classicus_ of the promissory estoppel
doctrine, _Hughes_ , considered in the passage in _Lam Chi Kin (HC)_ cited
above at [48]. The principle in _Hughes_ has been described in Sean Wilken QC
and Karim Ghaly, _The Law of Waiver, Variation and Estoppel_ (Oxford
University Press, 3rd Ed, 2012) at para 8.47:

... Whilst the promise was adhered to the tenant did indeed enjoy a benefit,
namely not having to perform the repairs. It was not at this point, however,
that detriment was assessed. _The relevant point at which to analyse the
position of the promisee is only after the promise has been withdrawn. Thus
the tenant in Hughes would have suffered detriment, had the landlord been
permitted to withdraw his implied undertaking with impunity: the tenant would
have been liable for breach of covenant and open to proceedings to forfeit the
lease._ [emphasis added]

53 In my view, the definition of “detriment” in _Hughes_ is not satisfied on
the present facts. It may have been sufficient if Cupid Jewels had failed to
safeguard its legal position to its disadvantage, _eg_ , by refraining from
making efforts to procure an immediate source of finance to repay the rental
arrears in full or by rearranging its general day-to-day budget to take into
account the fact that it had been granted an extended period to make payments.
While I express no concluded view on this point, those could have constituted
examples of change of position in the broad sense of “detriment” that the
court may have considered inequitable to ignore, as Cupid Jewels would have
been vulnerable to proceedings for distress (as has happened) if Orchard
Central were to issue a writ of distress without giving due notice that the
rents were immediately due and payable. However, Cupid Jewels has not adduced
any objective evidence of any such failure to take measure to secure its legal
position apart from mere generalities and _ex post facto_ assumptions of its
passive conduct. I am not in a position to make any inferences or speculate on
how Cupid Jewels had purportedly acted in “detrimental” reliance on the
representation made by Orchard Central.

54 I am thus unable to accede to Cupid Jewels’ contention that it had suffered
“detriment” – in either the narrow or broad sense – such that it was
inequitable for Orchard Central to resile from its promise that it would not
invoke any of its strict legal remedies to recover the rental arrears while
negotiations were pending. Cupid Jewels’ defence that Orchard Central was
estopped from taking out an application for the Writ of Distress is
unsustainable.

Issue IV: Was the distrained jewellery exempt from seizure under s 8(d) of the
Distress Act?

55 Section 8 of the Distress Act states as follows:

**8**. Property seizable under a writ of distress shall not include —

(_a_) things in actual use in the hands of a person at the time of the
seizure;

(_b_) tools and implements not in use where there is other movable property in
or upon the house or premises sufficient to cover such amount and costs;

(_c_) the tenant’s necessary wearing apparel and necessary bedding for himself
and his family;

(_d_) _goods in the possession of the tenant for the purpose of being carried,
wrought, worked up, or otherwise dealt with in the course of his ordinary
trade or business;_

(_e_) goods belonging to guests at an inn; and

(_f_) goods in the custody of the law.

[emphasis added]

56 Cupid Jewels argued that the distrained jewellery fell within the scope of
s 8(d) of the Distress Act as the jewellery was on consignment from Forever
Jewels and Cupid Jewels was acting as the modern day equivalent of a
mercantile factor. Cupid Jewels submitted that on the authority of _Nathaniel
Simpson v Chiverton Hartopp_ (1744) 125 E.R. 1295 (“ _Simpson_ ”) and _Gilman
v Elton_ (1821) 129 E.R. 1211 (“ _Gilman_ ”), goods held by Cupid Jewels as a
factor for the purpose of sale, including the distrained jewellery, were
exempt from seizure under the common law trade privilege as codified by s
8(d). Orchard Central appeared to assume in its submissions that s 8(d) would
be interpreted in consonance with the common law trade privilege, and that a
factor would accordingly appear to fall within the scope of the exception in s
8(d). Instead, Orchard Central’s key areas of dispute were factual, _ie_ ,
whether Cupid Jewels had proven that it was acting as a factor and whether the
common law requirement that the tenant was exercising a “public trade” was
satisfied.

The common law trade privilege

57 Cupid Jewels did not claim that the distrained jewellery were goods in its
possession for the purpose of being “carried, wrought, worked up”. The key
question before me is whether the final limb “otherwise dealt with” covers
goods possessed by a tenant on consignment for the purpose of sale.

58 In _Cupid Jewels (CA)_ , the Court of Appeal made the following observation
on the genesis of s 8 of the Distress Act at [10]:

**Section 8 is largely unchanged from its original incarnation as s 10(IIg) of
Ordinance XIV of 1876. It generally mirrors privileges at common law under
which certain goods were exempt from distress.** For example, s 8(_a_)
reflects _Bisset v Caldwell_ (1791) Peake 50; s 8(_b_) reflects _Nargett v
Nias_ (1859) 1 El & El 439; **s 8(d) reflects Nathaniel Simpson v Chiverton
Hartopp (1744) Willes 512** ; and s 8(_f_) reflects _William Eaton v Robert
Southby_ (1738) Willes 131. **Therefore, s 16, read together with s 8,
substantially represents a codification of the tenant's standing and
substantive remedies at common law.** [emphasis in original in italics;
emphasis added in bold]

The Court of Appeal added at [16]:

... Section 8(_d_) covers most of the ground of trade privilege at common law.
The general principle appears to be that if goods are sent to a place to
remain there, they are distrainable; but if sent for a particular object and
the goods remaining at the place is necessary for the completion of that
object, they are not: _Woodfall's Law of Landlord and Tenant_ (Kim Lewison gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Looseleaf Ed, 1994, Release 27) at paragraph 9.051.
Trade privilege has been held to cover goods sent to an auctioneer for sale
and goods sent to a commission agent for sale: _Adams v Grane and Osborne_
(1833) 1 Cr & M 380 and _Findon v M'Laren_ (1845) 6 QB 891 respectively. ...

59 Under the common law, a landlord was entitled to seize all goods found on
the tenant’s premises without regard to the actual ownership of the goods, but
this general rule was engrafted with a number of exceptions. In _Simpson_ ,
Willes CJ laid down the common law trade privilege exception in the following
terms at 1297:

Things delivered to a person exercising a public trade to be carried wrought
worked up or managed in the way of his trade or employ.

_Gilman_ extended the application of the trade privilege to goods held by a
factor. The plaintiff was a manufacturer who had sent his goods for sale upon
commission to the tenant, a factor and broker. The landlord distrained the
goods for the arrears of rent due from the tenant, and the plaintiff sued for
the recovery of the goods. Dallas CJ held (at 1213 of _Gilman_) that the
purpose of the privilege exempting certain goods from distress was for the
benefit of trade, and that the court was bound to consider the rule of public
convenience as applicable to trade and commerce. It would be detrimental to
the public and inconsistent with decided cases if the court were to hold that
goods in the custody of a factor were liable to seizure. In _Adams v Grane and
Osborne_ (1833) 149 E.R. 447 (“ _Adams_ ”), Lord Lyndhurst C B, reasoning by
analogy with _Gilman_ , concluded that goods in the possession of an
auctioneer fell within the trade privilege, holding (at 449 of _Adams_) that
“there [was] no distinction turning on the particular mode of sale”. Bayley B
also observed at 450:

… _The privilege has from time to time been extended according to new modes of
dealing established between parties; and one of the modern modes is the case
of a factor_ : and I should observe what is noticed by Mr. Justice Blackstone
in his Commentaries, that there is no hardship in the privilege which is
allowed to exist in these cases, because _the privilege generally arises to
goods which no one could suppose to be the property of the individual from
whom the rent was due._ [emphasis added]

The definition of the last limb, _ie_ , managed, was articulated by Alderson B
in _Muspratt v Gregory_ (1836) 150 E.R. 588 at 593:

In _Simpson v. Hartopp_ , the word “managed” appears to be used as synonymous
with “manufactured.” _But that is too limited a sense of the expression: for
the Courts have held that goods sent to a factor by a merchant are privileged
from distress under this head._ I think therefore, that it extends both to the
working up of goods from their unwrought state into a new form, as a
manufacturer; and also to the dealing with the goods as articles of trade, in
their original or their wrought state as articles of commerce, as a factor.
[emphasis added]

The (comparatively) modern scope of the trade privilege in relation to goods
“managed” by the tenant was also considered in _Challoner v Robinson_ [1908] 1
Ch 49 (“ _Challoner_ ”), where Lord Cozens-Hardy M.R. held at 59:

... [A]ccording to a long course of decisions the word “managed” must be taken
in a wide sense so as to include, if not to be equivalent to, “disposed of.”
Goods sent to a factor or to an auctioneer are thus held protected. ...

60 With the scope of the common law trade privilege in mind, I now turn to
consider the legislative history and construction of s 8(d) of the Distress
Act.

The origins and construction of s 8(d)

61 As explained by Judith Prakash J in _Ginsin Holdings Pte Ltd v Tan Mui
Khoon (trading as Chan Eng Soon Service) and another_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 500 (“
_Ginsin Holdings_ ”) at [8], the Distress Act was based initially on
provisions existing in India, the Indian Act XXXIX of 1866 which was made
applicable in the Straits Settlements by Ordinance V of 1874. The law of
distress was consolidated by the Indian legislature in Act No 1 of 1875 and
extended to the Straits Settlements by Ordinance XIV of 1876 (the “1876
Distress Ordinance”). Section 10(IIg) of the 1876 Distress Ordinance provided:

**10**.—II. The bailiff shall not seize —

...

(_g_) goods delivered to a person exercising a public trade, to be carried,
wrought, worked up, or managed in the way of his trade or employ

This was a faithful codification of Willes CJ’s formulation of the common law
trade privilege in _Simpson_.

62 The Distress Ordinance was abrogated by Chapter XXXIII of the Civil
Procedure Code 1907 (Ordinance XXXI of 1907) (“Civil Procedure Code 1907”),
which re-enacted s 10(IIg) of the 1876 Distress Ordinance: see [12] of _Ginsin
Holdings_ and s 725(2)(g) of the Civil Procedure Code 1907. Distress Ordinance
(Ordinance No 28 of 1934) (the “1934 Distress Ordinance”) subsequently enacted
(with amendments) the existing provisions on the issuance of a writ of
distress in the Civil Procedure Code 1907, together with the inclusion of new
statutory provisions drawn from the English Law of Distress Amendment Act 1908
(c. 53) (“the 1908 Act”): see _Proceedings of the Legislative Council of the
Straits Settlements for the Year 1934 (12 February 1934)_ at p B11.

63 In particular, ss 10 and 12 of the 1934 Distress Ordinance substantively
incorporated ss 1 and 4 of the 1908 Act respectively. The corresponding
provision to s 725(2)(g) of the Civil Procedure Code 1907 was s 8(d) of the
1934 Distress Ordinance, which omitted the requirement that the tenant be
“exercising a public trade” and replaced the words “delivered to” with “in the
possession of” and “managed” with “otherwise dealt with”. There is no
indication in the legislative debates on why these amendments were made. The
present s 8(d) of the Distress Act is an exact replication of s 8(d) of the
1934 Distress Ordinance.

64 There are three possible constructions of the phrase “otherwise dealt
with”. First, the phrase “otherwise dealt with” may be read as synonymous with
the meaning of “manage” under the common law formulation of the trade
privilege. This would support an interpretation of s 8(d) that mirrors the
scope of the common law trade privilege as it stood in 1934, if the enactment
of s 8(d) was not intended to change the law as codified by s 10(IIg) of the
1876 Distress Ordinance. Second, the word “otherwise” could be read with its
common dictionary meaning and the phrase “otherwise dealt with” would thus be
a catch-all provision encompassing any alternative form of dealing with goods
in the ordinary course of the tenant’s trade or business; the preceding three
modes of dealing with the goods would merely be illustrative and not limiting.
This interpretation would suggest that the change in language used by the
Legislative Council in 1934 was intended to clarify and expand the scope of
the trade privilege as interpreted by the courts to take into account new
mercantile developments, and to abrogate any common law technicalities that
may have encrusted the word “manage”. Third, “otherwise dealt with” may be
read within its immediate context as referring to particular modes of dealing
with the property that are of a similar nature to “carried, wrought [or]
worked up”. This is a narrow interpretation that encompasses only limited
forms of activities. It may have been the legislative intention that s 8(d)
was to be thereon interpreted in a very constrained fashion, particularly when
this change in statutory language is viewed against the backdrop of the
attenuated importance of the trade privilege by 1934.

65 In my view, while s 8 relates to the grounds under which a tenant may apply
for the released goods and s 10 relates to a third party’s separate and
distinct grounds of relief, s 8 cannot be interpreted in isolation from the
overall statutory structure of the Distress Act in order to determine the
object underlying s 8(d). Sections 8(d) is concerned with the scope of the
common law exemption for goods belonging to a third party but found on the
tenant’s premises, while s 10 is a statutorily created right of a third party
to bring an application for the release of goods that belong beneficially to
the third party and not the tenant. I observe that a broad survey of the cases
cited above indicates that claims involving the common law trade privilege
were inevitably brought by the third party for the release of his goods, not
the tenant _(cf Cupid Jewels (CA)_ at [10], where the Court of Appeal observed
that s 8 codified the _tenant’s_ substantive remedies under common law). There
therefore appears to be some degree of overlap between the two provisions in
terms of the intended purpose of protecting certain goods of a third party
from seizure. With all due respect, while I agree with the observations of the
Court of Appeal in _Cupid Jewels (CA)_ that s 8 and s 10 are distinct
substantive grounds of relief (at [15]-[16] of _Cupid Jewels (CA)_), I do not
think that such a clear demarcation can be drawn in terms of the basic
principle that underlies both s 8(d) and s 10. It is true that the tenant’s
remedy derived from the common law and the landlord’s remedy was a creature of
statute. However, the 1908 Act was enacted in England and Wales precisely to
deal with the unsatisfactory state of the common law trade privilege in
relation to the goods of third parties following _Challoner_ , which was
regarded as an unsatisfactory decision that did not provide sufficient
protection for the rights of third parties: see _The Parliamentary Debates
(Hansard) – House of Lords_ (14 July 1908) vol 192 at cols 571 to 575. The
impetus behind the 1908 Act was to qualify, if not to supersede, the common
law trade privilege.

66 The choice between an interpretation referable to the common law antedating
the enactment of Distress Act or a textual interpretation is in effect an
issue of the extent to which the common law trade privilege, developed out of
expediency and to some extent in a fairly unprincipled way (see the
observations of Lord Herschell L.C. in _Clarke v The Millwall Dock Company_
(1886) L.R. 17 Q.B.D 494 at 499, commenting that it was “very difficult to
find any sound principle upon which to explain the law of distress and to
support the various decisions”), should colour the interpretation of s 8(d)
when read in the overall context of a comprehensive statutory scheme that
contains a separate provision that was enacted to deal with the inadequacies
of the common law.

67 In _The Governor and Company of the Bank of England v Vagliano Brothers_
[1891] AC 107, Lord Herschell stated the following rule of interpretation for
codifying statutes at 144–145:

… I think the proper course is in the first instance to examine the language
of the statute and to ask what is its natural meaning, uninfluenced by any
considerations derived from the previous state of the law, and not to start
with inquiring how the law previously stood, and then, assuming that it was
probably intended to leave it unaltered, to see if the words of the enactment
will bear an interpretation in conformity with this view.

If a statute, intended to embody in a code a particular branch of the law, is
to be treated in this fashion, it appears to me that its utility will be
almost entirely destroyed, and the very object with which it was enacted will
be frustrated. …

This passage was cited with approval by the majority of the Court of Appeal in
_Ng Boo Tan v Collector of Land Revenue_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 633 at [55].

68 There is no reported English authority that has come to my attention on the
application of the common law trade privilege after the passing of the 1908
Act, and it appears to me that the trade privilege has evidently lost most of
its former 18th and 19th century importance. The preamble of the 1934
Ordinance states that it is “an ordinance to _amend_ and _re-enact_ the law
relating to distress for rent” [emphasis added]; even if s 8(d) was, in its
original incarnation in the 1876 Distress Ordinance, intended to be a
codification of the common law, I consider that the language used in 1934
changed to reflect a comprehensive statutory framework that modified an
archaic common law self-help remedy, instead of attempting a codification of
the nebulous scope of the trade privilege that developed in a piecemeal
fashion for “public convenience”. I therefore do not think that reference to
the common law trade privilege should be the starting point in interpreting
the language of s 8(d) of the Distress Act. It would do little for the
coherence of the law on distress to read s 8(d) as though it was an exact
importation of the common law trade privilege, and engraft upon it all the
attendant peculiarities.

69 I now turn to examine the meaning of the words of s 8(d). The effect of
adopting the second expansive interpretation of the phrase “or otherwise dealt
with” would appear to be that goods left in the tenant’s possession and dealt
with in any manner for a broad and vaguely intended object in the tenant’s
course of business would be _per se_ exempt from distress under s 8(d). On the
other hand, the third party may not be able to satisfy the requirements under
s 10 if the goods were held by the tenant in the course of his business with
the consent of the third party such that the tenant appeared to be the reputed
owner thereof: see s 10(1) read with s 12(a) of the Distress Act. This would
lead to a rather anomalous result that the tenant’s right to seek the release
of the third party’s goods under s 8(d) would be more extensive than the third
party’s personal right under s 10 in certain situations, even though both
grounds of release stem from the same fundamental premise that the goods _do
not_ belong to the tenant and should not be appropriated towards the payment
of the tenant’s debts. The purpose of section 8 is to create _exceptions_ from
seizure that have a very defined and circumscribed scope, and in my view, a
broad interpretation of s 8(d) would not be logically consistent or one that
would advance the general object of s 8.

70 I consider that the third interpretation is therefore preferable, as it
reads the words “for the purpose of being carried, wrought, worked up, or
otherwise dealt with in the course of his ordinary trade or business” as a
whole and within the overall context of the Distress Act. The phrase
“otherwise dealt with” should be construed as subject to the preceding words
“carried, wrought, worked up” under the _ejusdem generis_ canon of
construction. In _Bennion on Statutory Interpretation: A Code_ (LexisNexis,
5th Ed, 2008) ("_Bennion_ ") at p 1231, the _ejusdem generis_ principle is
described in the following terms:

The Latin words _ejusdem generis_ (of the same kind or nature), have been
attached to a principle of construction whereby wide words associated in the
text with more limited words are taken to be restricted by implication to
matters of the same limited character. The principle may apply whatever the
form of the association, but the most usual form is a list or string of genus-
describing terms followed by wider residuary or sweeping-up words.

...

The _ejusdem generis_ principle arises from the linguistic implication by
which words having literally a wide meaning (when taken in isolation) are
treated as reduced in scope by the verbal context. It may be regarded as an
instance of ellipsis, or reliance on implication. The principle is presumed to
apply unless there is some contrary indication.

71 Each of the preceding words involves some form of alteration or
modification to the goods (“wrought” or “worked up”) or an activity with the
object of effecting some intermediate process leading up to the final intended
use (“carried”). The genus of the type of activity encompassed by the phrase
“otherwise dealt with” should therefore be confined to _services_ provided by
the tenant in the course of his ordinary business by _acting on_ goods
entrusted to him.

72 The above interpretation of s 8(d) does not seek to define the class of
goods exhaustively, but I consider that s 8(d) would clearly apply to
situations where, for example, the landlord seizes watches found at a watch
repairer’s shop, goods loaded on a truck found at the premises of a freight
company or articles of clothing sent to a drycleaner. Whether the agreement
between Cupid Jewels and Forever Jewels is given the legal shade of a
consignment (akin to the agency relationship a mercantile factor enters into)
or a sale or return arrangement, looking at the nature of activity involved, I
do not think that the sale of goods by Cupid Jewels on behalf of Forever
Jewels plausibly falls within the same genus of activities even if Cupid
Jewels purports to be in the trade or business of “retailing”. No services in
the course of Cupid Jewels’ business were actually provided _in relation to_
the jewellery and no work was done on or with the jewellery. Cupid Jewels was
merely displaying the jewellery for sale at the Premises through a particular
form of arrangement entered into with Forever Jewels.

73 For completeness, I would add that even if I were to construe s 8(d) in
accordance with the scope of the common law privilege and accept Cupid Jewel’s
contention that it had been holding the distrained jewellery on consignment
for sale, there is a leap in reasoning as to why Cupid Jewels would therefore
have been akin to a “mercantile factor” such that the trade privilege would
apply. Cupid Jewels is not in the trade or business of a factor or broker
selling goods upon commission (as was the case in _Gilman_); it would merely
be retailing jewellery through a particular mode, _ie_ , consignment, and I do
not think that the rationale of the common law trade privilege of “public
convenience” for trade and commerce applies so obviously by analogy to the
present fact situation.

74 I find that the distrained jewellery was not in Cupid Jewels’ possession
“for the purpose of being ... otherwise dealt with in the course of [its]
ordinary trade or business” within the meaning of s 8(d), and therefore hold
that the distrained jewellery was not exempt from seizure.

Forever Jewels’ Application

Issue V: Was Forever Jewels entitled to the release of the distrained
jewellery under s 10 of the Distress Act?

75 Section 10 of the Distress Act states as follows:

**10** —(1) Where any movable property of —

(_a_) any under-tenant;

(_b_) any lodger; or

(c) any other person whatsoever not being a tenant of the premises or any part
thereof, and not having any beneficial interest in any tenancy of the premises
or of any part thereof,

has been seized under a writ of distress issued to recover arrears of rent due
to a superior landlord by his immediate tenant, such under-tenant, lodger or
other person may apply to a judge to discharge or suspend the writ, or to
release a distrained article.

(2) _No order shall be made unless such under-tenant, lodger or other person
satisfies the court that the tenant has no right of property or beneficial
interest in the furniture, goods or chattels and that such furniture, goods or
chattels are the property or in the lawful possession of such under-tenant,
lodger or other person_ ; and also in the case of an under-tenant or a lodger
unless such under-tenant or lodger pays to the landlord or into court an
amount equal to the arrears of rent in respect of which distress has been
levied and also undertakes to pay to the landlord future rent, if any, due
from him to the tenant.

...

[emphasis added]

Section 10 does not apply to certain categories of distrained goods under s
12. Section 12(a) provides:

**12**. Section 10 shall not apply to —

(_a_) goods belonging to the husband or wife of the tenant whose rent is in
arrear, or to goods comprised in any bill of sale, hire-purchase agreement, or
settlement made by such tenant, _or to goods in the possession, order or
disposition of such tenant by the consent and permission of the true owner
under such circumstances that such tenant is the reputed owner thereof_ ; …

[emphasis added]

76 Forever Jewels’ application for the release of the distrained jewellery is
therefore dependent on proof that Cupid Jewels had no beneficial interest in
the jewellery and that the jewellery was not in the possession of Cupid Jewels
“under such circumstances that [Cupid Jewels was] the reputed owner thereof”.

Actual knowledge of ownership and reputed ownership

77 Forever Jewels argued that Orchard Central was at all material times aware
that the distrained jewellery belonged to Forever Jewels and the doctrine of
reputed ownership in s 12(a) therefore did not apply to preclude the release
of the distrained jewellery under s 10.

78 Having heard the witnesses on this issue, I do not think that Forever
Jewels has discharged the burden of showing that Orchard Central’s
representatives had _actual_ knowledge that the distrained jewellery belonged
to Forever Jewels and not Cupid Jewels. This is distinct from the issue of
_constructive_ knowledge, which the doctrine of reputed ownership is more
properly concerned with. During cross-examination, Lim Kah Nai conceded, after
some equivocation, that she had never expressly communicated to Orchard
Central that Forever Jewels would be providing jewellery on consignment to
Cupid Jewels.[note: 17] Louis Chua also confirmed that Cupid Jewels had never
informed Orchard Central that the distrained jewellery was held on
consignment.[note: 18] I do not think that mere awareness that Cupid Jewels
would be supported by its sister company Forever Jewels in “stocks and
finance”[note: 19] would have given rise to an inevitable inference on Orchard
Central’s part that the jewellery displayed at the Premises must have been
consigned to Cupid Jewels for sale and were owned by Forever Jewels.

79 Following from my finding above, it is not necessary for me to express a
concluded opinion on the interaction between actual knowledge of ownership and
the doctrine of reputed ownership under s 12(a) of the Distress Act, although
I would observe that the doctrine of reputed ownership operates so as to fix
the landlord with constructive knowledge of non-ownership of the goods.
Section 10 engrafted a broad statutory exception on the common law principle
that all goods found on demised premises could be distrained irrespective of
ownership; this general exception for third-party goods was then subject to a
specific exception in s 12(a) under the doctrine of reputed ownership. The
principle underlying this doctrine, albeit in the different context of
bankruptcy, was expressed in the following terms by Vaughan Williams LJ in _Re
William Watson & Co_ [1904] 2 KB 753 at 757:

... _the true owner must have unconscientiously permitted the goods to remain
in the order or disposition of the bankrupt_ , ... This does not mean, as we
understand it, that he must have intended that false credit should be obtained
by the bankrupt’s apparent possession of the goods, but it does at least mean
that the true owner of the goods must have consented to a state of things from
which he must have known, if he had considered the matter, that the inference
of ownership by the bankrupt must (observe, not might or might not) arise...
[emphasis added]

By analogy, the _landlord’s_ right to distrain third party goods found on the
demised premises should apply only if the true owner of the goods has allowed
the goods to remain in the possession of the tenant in circumstances that give
rise to an inference, _vis-a-vis_ the landlord, that the goods belong to the
tenant. If the landlord is in fact aware that the goods belong to the true
owner and not the tenant, the landlord cannot be heard to say that the true
owner had “unconscientiously permitted” the goods to be held by the tenant so
as to give the landlord a false expectation of the full value of the goods on
the premises that were available to be distrained to recover rental arrears.
The doctrine of reputed ownership should not, as a matter of principle,
exclude actual knowledge of ownership. The landlord who has actual special
knowledge that would not have been apparent to a reasonable landlord should
not be entitled to rely on the doctrine of reputed ownership.

Reputed ownership

80 Orchard Central argued that Forever Jewels could not rely on s 10(1) of the
Distress Act to obtain the release of the distrained jewellery as the
jewellery had been in the possession, order or disposition of Cupid Jewels
under such circumstances that Cupid Jewels had been the reputed owner of the
jewellery within the meaning of s 12(a) of the Distress Act.

81 The test for reputed ownership was set out by the Court of Appeal in _Plaza
Singapura (Pte) Ltd v Cosdel (S) Pte Ltd and another_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 22 (“
_Cosdel_ ”) at [23] as:

... whether in all the circumstances, a reasonable man would necessarily infer
that the tenant was the owner of the articles in question, and that this
inference is one which must in the circumstances arise. …

The Court of Appeal applied the reasonable man test from the perspective of
the “public” or “customers visiting the demised premises” (at [23]–[26] of
_Cosdel_). This differs from the decision of Lai Kew Chai J at first instance
– which was overturned by the Court of Appeal – in _Plaza Singapura (Pte) Ltd
v Shizuoka Yajimaya (Singapore) Pte Ltd (Cosdel (S) Pte Ltd, claimants)_
[1988] 1 SLR(R) 109, where Lai J considered (at [20]) that “no _landlord_ can
be heard to say that they had let their premises in the knowledge or
expectation that they could levy distress on the goods of these consignors”
[emphasis added]. I have my reservations on whether the approach of the Court
of Appeal is consistent with the purpose of the doctrine of reputed ownership
(discussed above at [79]), but do not consider that the choice between either
approach would be determinative on the present facts.

82 It was a non-contentious fact that Forever Jewels would deliver jewellery
to Cupid Jewels for retail sales, and Cupid Jewels would then reassign the
jewellery with Cupid Jewels’ own unique bar coding and product identification
number. The parties also agreed that there was no overt visual indication or
marker on the jewellery displayed in the Premises that would suggest that the
jewellery had been consigned to Cupid Jewels by Forever Jewels. Further, Cupid
Jewels would issue receipts in its own name to customers who purchased
jewellery from them. There was nothing to indicate that Cupid Jewels was only
acting as an authorised agent for a third party in selling the jewellery and
that the jewellery therefore did not belong to Cupid Jewels. There was
ostensibly only a single business carried on at the Premises under the name of
“Cupid Jewels”. I consider that in all the circumstances, the necessary
inference that must have arisen to a reasonable customer was that Cupid Jewels
was the owner of the jewellery displayed in the Premises and sold solely by
them. Similarly, in the light of my factual finding above that Orchard Central
was not apprised of any consignment arrangement by Cupid Jewels during the
course of negotiations for the Lease Agreement, I do not think that the
position would have been any different to a reasonable landlord who had leased
out his premises for retail operations.

83 Forever Jewels further submitted that the practice of consignment of
jewellery was customary in the jewellery retail trade, and adduced in evidence
a letter from one Ho Nai Chuen, the President of the Singapore Jewellers
Association (“SJA”), confirming on behalf of the SJA that it was a “common
industry practice” for jewellery to be put on consignment by a jewellery
manufacturer or wholesaler with a jewellery retailer.[note: 20] The veracity
of the contents of the letter was not directly challenged in cross-
examination, but Orchard Central argued in submissions that there was no
credible evidence to show that it was usual and customary in the jewellery
retail trade to have goods on consignment and that the letter was vague and
drafted by Cupid Jewels’ representative.

84 Forever Jewels did not make submissions on reputed ownership as its
argument on this point was presumably that an inference of actual knowledge
that the jewellery had been consigned to Cupid Jewels by Forever Jewels could
be drawn as the practice of consignment was widespread in the jewellery
retailing trade. I nevertheless consider that the evidence adduced is more
apposite to address the issue of whether the purported trade custom would
support a finding of reputed ownership.

85 As Forever Jewels sought to rely on an alleged commercial custom or usage
in the jewellery retail trade, the burden was on Forever Jewels to prove this
with “certainty and precision”: see [12] of _Cosdel_. Quite apart from the
issue of the reliability and veracity of the letter, I do not think that
Forever Jewels has satisfied this threshold simply by adducing a single letter
framed in very general language. The letter included the following qualifier:

The amount of consigned inventory placed with the jewellery retailer varies
across the industry depending very much on the mutual agreement between the
jewellery establishment (consignee) and the jewellery supplier
(consignor).[note: 21]

This appears to indicate that there is no fixed industry wide custom or
practice that can be identified with specificity or that such trade practices
are so extensive that they would have been immediately apparent to any
reasonably informed landlord in the circumstances. I therefore consider that
the evidence given by Ho Nai Chuen is of limited assistance to Forever Jewels.

86 For the foregoing reasons, I hold that s 10 of the Distress Act does not
apply to Forever Jewels on the basis that the distrained jewellery was “in the
possession, order or disposition of [Cupid Jewels] by the consent and
permission of [Forever Jewels] under such circumstances that [Cupid Jewels
was] the reputed owner thereof” within the meaning of s 12(a).

Conclusion

87 As I have found that the Writ of Distress was not irregularly issued and
that Cupid Jewels and Forever Jewels have not satisfied the requirements of s
8(d) and s 10 of the Distress Act respectively, I dismiss both Cupid Jewels’
Application and Forever Jewels’ Application. I will hear counsel on costs.

88 I conclude with the postscript that I do not think that my findings on
Forever Jewels’ Application resulted in any substantive injustice on the
facts. Notwithstanding the fundamental principle of separate legal
personality, Cupid Jewels and Forever Jewels were at all times controlled and
owned by the same or related parties. Forever Jewels is not an innocent or
unwary third party which found itself in the unfortunate position of having
left its goods in the possession of an impecunious tenant with an overzealous
landlord.

* * *

[note: 1]fifth affidavit of Lim Kah Nai dated 3 May 2011 at para 4,
defendant’s bundle of affidavits (“DA”) p 263

[note: 2]fifth affidavit of Lim Kah Nai dated 3 May 2011 at LKN-8, DA p 418

[note: 3]fifth affidavit of Lim Kah Nai dated 3 May 2011 at [28]

[note: 4]defendant’s bundle of documents (“DBD”) p 195

[note: 5]DBD p 196

[note: 6]notes of evidence (“NE”), cross-examination of Louis Chua, day 1 pp
21-22

[note: 7]DBD p 202

[note: 8]DBD p 205

[note: 9]DBD p 208

[note: 10]DBD p 212

[note: 11]DBD p 214

[note: 12]DBD p 215

[note: 13]defendant’s bundle of pleadings p 1

[note: 14]NE, cross-examination of Louis Chua, day 1 p 25 line 32, p 26 lines
1-3

[note: 15]NE, re-examination of Louis Chua, day 1 p 58, lines 13-32; day 1 p
59, lines 1-10

[note: 16]DBD p 208

[note: 17]NE, cross-examination of Lim Kah Nai, day 1 p 76 at lines 22-30, p
77 at lines 30-31

[note: 18]second affidavit of Louis Chua dated 3 September 2010 at para 5b

[note: 19]fifth affidavit of Lim Kah Nai dated 3 May 2011 at para 20

[note: 20]affidavit of Ho Nai Chuen dated 6 March 2012, HNC-1, 4NA at Tab D

[note: 21]affidavit of Ho Nai Chuen dated 6 March 2012, HNC-1

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Feb 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

