Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Soon Khai Min (administratrix of the estate of Yan Yik Peng, deceased) and
another _v_ Tiang Siew Keng and another  
[2013] SGHCR 25

Case Number| :| Suit No 594 of 2013 (Summons No 4978 of 2013 and 5230 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Sim Khadijah AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Melvin Tan Kai-Lit (Ascentsia Law Corporation) for the
Plaintiffs; Mr Charles Phua Cheng Sye and Ms Shahira Anuar (Tan Kok Quan
Partnership) for the Defendants.  
Parties| :|  Soon Khai Min (administratrix of the estate of Yan Yik Peng,
deceased) and another — Tiang Siew Keng and another  
  
4 November 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sim Khadijah AR:

1 The matter before me stems from two separate but related applications, filed
in close succession of each other:

(i) Summons No 4978 of 2013 filed by the Defendants on 23 September 2013
pursuant to Order 18, rule 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap. 332, 2006 Rev. Ed.)
(“ROC”), to strike out the Plaintiffs’ claim on the basis that it discloses no
reasonable cause of action and/or is frivolous and/or vexatious and/or is
otherwise an abuse of process (“Summons 4978”); and

(ii) Summons No 5230 of 2013 filed by the Plaintiffs on 4 October 2013
pursuant to Order 14, rule 12 of the ROC, for the determination of a question
of law, namely, whether under Section 18(1)(a) of the Work Injury Compensation
Act (Cap. 354, 2009 Rev. Ed.) (“the Act”), an employee is entitled to recover
damages from a third party after he has received compensation under the Act
from his employer, albeit in the reduced amount of damages less the
compensation received.

2 The parties appeared before me on 9 October 2013 for the hearing of Summons
4978. As I was of the view that a determination of the question of law in
Summons 5230 would dispose of both applications, I directed that both
Summonses be heard in a single special date hearing before me on 28 October
2013. I further directed that parties tender written submissions ahead of the
hearing, to crystallise the issues in contention.

Background

3 This Suit stems from a road traffic accident that had occurred on 13 July
2011 and had, unfortunately, claimed the life of one Yan Yik Peng (“the
Deceased”). The 1st Plaintiff is the Administratrix of the Deceased’s estate
and was his wife. The 2nd Plaintiff is the Co-Administratrix of the Deceased’s
estate.

4 The 1st and 2nd Defendants are mother and son respectively. The 1st
Defendant was the registered owner of motor vehicle no SGK8843R (“the 1st
Defendant’s Vehicle”) and the 2nd Defendant was an authorised driver of the
1st Defendant’s Vehicle.

5 On 13 July 2011, at or about 1.10 pm, the 1st Defendant’s Vehicle collided
with the Deceased’s motorcycle along the junction of Bukit Timah Road and
Bukit Batok West Avenue 5. The 2nd Defendant was driving the 1st Defendant’s
Vehicle at the material time. The Deceased was taken to the National
University Hospital for treatment, but succumbed to his injuries later that
day.

6 The 2nd Defendant was eventually charged under Section 304A of the Penal
Code for causing death by a negligent act. He pleaded guilty to the charge and
was convicted on 17 January 2012.

7 Concurrently, from November 2011 onwards, the Plaintiffs’ solicitors at the
time, Messrs Patrick Tan LLC (“the Plaintiffs’ former solicitors”),
corresponded with the Defendants’ solicitors, Messrs Tan Kok Quan Partnership
(“the Defendants’ solicitors” or “TKQP”), in respect of the Plaintiffs’ claim
against the Defendants for damages arising from the accident. TKQP was
appointed by the Defendants’ motor insurers, AIG Asia Pacific Insurance Pte
Ltd (formerly known as Chartis Singapore Insurance Pte Ltd) (“AIG”), to act
for the Defendants in respect of the claim. In the course of this
correspondence, the Plaintiffs sought interim payment from the Defendants of
S$23,000.00 for funeral and medical expenses incurred. This request was
acceded to and on 19 January 2012, interim payment of this sum was made by AIG
to the Plaintiffs (“the Interim Payment”).

8 Unbeknownst to the Defendants, their insurers and solicitors, however, the
1st Plaintiff had made a claim for compensation under the Act against the
Deceased’s employer, Welmeta Engineering Pte Ltd (“Welmeta”), shortly after
the accident. On 23 September 2011, a Notice of Assessment of Compensation was
served by the Assistant Commissioner for Labour (“Assistant Commissioner”) on
the 1st Plaintiff, indicating that the claim had been assessed to be valid and
that compensation in the sum of S$140,000.00 was payable (“the Compensation
Amount”). The Compensation Amount was duly disbursed by Welmeta’s insurers,
QBE Insurance (International) Ltd (“QBE”), to the Commissioner for Labour on
24 October 2011, and subsequently provided to the 1st Plaintiff.

9 By a letter dated 8 May 2013, the solicitors for QBE wrote to AIG seeking a
reimbursement of the Compensation Amount pursuant to Section 18(1)(b) of the
Act. AIG forwarded the said letter to their solicitors, TKQP, and it was only
at this juncture that the Defendants and their solicitors became alive to the
fact that the 1st Plaintiff had already sought and received compensation under
the Act.

10 A series of correspondence between the Defendants’ solicitors and the
Plaintiffs’ former solicitors thereafter ensued, in which TKQP asserted that
the Plaintiffs were prohibited from commencing a common law action for damages
against their clients, having already received the Compensation Amount. It is
not necessary for me to set out in full the contents of the solicitors’
litigation by correspondence. Suffice to say, the Plaintiffs had, at one
point, indicated a willingness to withdraw their claim on condition that they
were allowed to retain the Interim Payment on compassionate grounds. The
Plaintiffs subsequently reneged and hired new solicitors, Messrs Ascentsia Law
Corporation (“the Plaintiffs’ current solicitors”), to pursue their claim.

11 In the midst of this litigation by correspondence and change of solicitors,
the Plaintiffs filed their Writ of Summons on 4 July 2013 and the Defendants
filed their Defence on 13 September 2013. In their Defence, the Defendants
maintained that by virtue of the 1st Plaintiff’s acceptance of the
Compensation Amount on behalf of the Deceased’s estate and dependants, the
Plaintiffs were precluded from bringing this action against the Defendants.
The Plaintiffs’ Reply filed on 30 September 2013 was conspicuously silent on
the matter of the receipt of the Compensation Amount.

The Present Applications

12 Following the Plaintiffs’ change of solicitors and decision to renege on
their earlier indication to discontinue the Suit, the Defendants filed Summons
4978 to strike out the Plaintiffs’ claim. The Defendants further prayed that
if they were successful in their application, that an order be made requiring
the Plaintiffs to return the Interim Payment to AIG.

13 Faced with the possibility of having their claim struck out, the Plaintiffs
filed Summons 5230, seeking the Court’s determination on the proper
construction of Section 18(1)(a) of the Act. The Plaintiffs further prayed
that if their construction of Section 18(1)(a) was accepted, that summary
judgment be entered in their favour.

Parties’ Submissions

14 Counsel for the Plaintiffs, Mr Melvin Tan (“Mr Tan”), advanced two main
submissions before me, one in respect of each Summons. In relation to Summons
5230, Mr Tan submitted that Section 18(1)(a) of the Act could be construed to
allow an employee to claim damages from a third party notwithstanding the fact
that he had previously received compensation under the Act from his employer,
as long as such damages are computed as the quantum of damages assessed less
the compensation received. In response to the Defendants’ striking out
application in Summons 4978, Mr Tan submitted that the 1st Plaintiff had
received the Compensation Amount in ignorance of her legal rights (i.e. that
she had been labouring under a mistake of law) and was therefore not bound by
her election.

15 I pause here to observe that the two submissions put forward by Mr Tan
were, with respect, inherently contradictory. If, as he had suggested _vis-à-
vis_ Summons 5230, the Plaintiffs were entitled under Section 18(1)(a) of the
Act to claim damages from a third party despite having received compensation
under the Act, then it would necessarily follow that the Plaintiffs would not
be required to establish any ignorance or mistake in order to successfully
pursue their claim. There would simply be no such ignorance or mistake to
speak of, since the Plaintiffs’ actions would be entirely consistent with the
law. If, however, as he had suggested _vis-à-vis_ Summons 4978, the 1st
Plaintiff had received the compensation under the Act through ignorance or by
mistake, then Mr Tan would, by raising such a defence, essentially be
conceding that Section 18(1)(a) did not allow the Plaintiffs to recover
damages from a third party once they had received compensation under the Act.

16 Nevertheless, I gave Mr Tan the benefit of the doubt in putting forward two
inherently contradictory submissions and assumed that these submissions were
intended to apply in the alternative. In other words, if I was in agreement
with Mr Tan’s construction of Section 18(1)(a) of the Act, his application in
Summons 5230 would succeed and there would be no need for him to rely on any
alleged ignorance or mistake on the part of the 1st Plaintiff in receiving the
Compensation Amount. However, if I was of the view that Section 18(1)(a)
precluded an employee from recovering damages from a third party once he had
received compensation under the Act, Mr Tan would then seek to rely on the 1st
Plaintiff’s purported ignorance or mistake to avoid a striking out of the
Plaintiffs’ claim under Summons 4978.

17 Counsel for the Defendants, Mr Charles Phua (“Mr Phua”), on the other hand,
submitted that under a plain reading of Section 18(1)(a) and under the
existing case law, once an employee had received compensation under the Act
from his employer, he was precluded from bringing a claim for damages, whether
against his employer or a third party. He further submitted that any
allegation of ignorance or mistake by the Plaintiffs was nothing more than an
afterthought, fabricated to salvage their claim. As a separate and distinct
basis for striking out the Plaintiffs’ claim against the 1st Defendant, Mr
Phua submitted that any claim for vicarious liability against the 1st
Defendant for the 2nd Defendant’s negligent acts was not a sustainable cause
of action, as a parent could not be held vicariously liable for the tortious
acts of her child.

The Issues

18 Having regard to the factual matrix set out above and the submissions
advanced by both parties, the issues that arise for my consideration are as
follows:

(i) Whether, on a proper construction of Section 18(1)(a) of the Act, an
employee is entitled to claim damages from a third party once he has received
compensation under the Act from his employer;

(ii) If the answer to (i) is in the negative, whether the 1st Plaintiff may
nonetheless rely on the defence of ignorance or mistake to salvage the
Plaintiffs’ claim; and

(iii) Whether a parent may be held vicariously liable for the tortious acts of
her child.

The Law

The Proper Construction of Section 18(1)(a) of the Act

19 Section 18(1) of the Act serves as the starting point on the remedies
available to an employee where injury has been caused by a third party:

**Remedies both against employer and third party**

18.—(1) Where any injury for which compensation is payable under this Act was
caused under circumstances creating a legal liability in some person other
than the employer (referred to in this section as the third party) to pay
damages in respect thereof —

(a) the employee may take proceedings against the third party to recover
damages **and** may claim against any person liable to pay compensation under
this Act, **but he shall not be entitled to recover both damages and
compensation** ; and

(b) if the employee has recovered compensation under this Act, the person by
whom the compensation was paid, and any person who has been called upon to pay
an indemnity under section 17(3), shall be entitled to be indemnified by the
third party so liable to pay damages as aforesaid.

[Emphasis added.]

20 It was not disputed by the parties that the term “employee” under Section
18(1) extends to the employee’s estate and/or dependants where the employee is
deceased. In this regard, Section 2(3) of the Act provides:

(3) Any reference to an employee who has been injured shall, unless the
context otherwise requires, where the employee is dead, include a reference to
his legal personal representative or to his dependants or any of them.

21 It was also not disputed by the parties that the employee’s estate and/or
dependants are entitled to claim compensation under the Act. In this regard,
Section 6(1) of the Act provides:

**Persons entitled to compensation**

6.—(1) Compensation under this Act shall be payable to or for the benefit of
the employee or, where death results from the injury, to the deceased
employee’s estate or to or for the benefit of his dependants as provided by
this Act.

22 On a plain reading of Section 18(1)(a), the use of the word “and” between
the two available remedies suggests that the employee’s claim for damages
against a third party and his claim for compensation under the Act from his
employer may be pursued concurrently. However, the prohibition against double
recovery makes it clear that the remedies are meant to apply in the
alternative. In other words, a cut-off point exists at which the employee’s
right to claim damages will be deemed to be extinguished if he successfully
recovers compensation under the Act, and vice versa. By logical extension,
therefore, an employee would have to elect, prior to that cut-off point, one
of the two alternative remedies he wished to pursue.

23 I note that in respect of the construction of Section 18(1)(a), both
counsel were in agreement that there could be no double recovery by an
employee of both damages and compensation. Where they diverged was the matter
of the precise point at which an employee’s right to recover damages would be
extinguished if he had concurrently sought compensation under the Act. Mr Phua
submitted that an employee’s right to recover damages from a third party was
deemed to be extinguished once he had accepted payment of compensation under
the Act. By contrast, Mr Tan submitted that there was no such cut-off point,
and an employee’s right to recover damages from a third party persisted
despite him having received compensation under the Act.

24 Once again, with respect, Mr Tan’s submissions were inherently
contradictory. He could not, on the one hand, concede that an employee was
precluded from double recovery of both damages and compensation while
maintaining, on the other hand, that no cut-off point existed to prevent such
double recovery. This time, I was unable to give Mr Tan the benefit of the
doubt in making wholly contradictory submissions. Given the clear and express
prohibition against double recovery in the provision itself, I could not
accept Mr Tan’s submission that Section 18(1)(a) could be construed to allow
an employee to claim damages from a third party after he had already received
compensation under the Act from his employer. To my mind, that would be a
clear case of double recovery.

25 I should add that while under Section 18(1)(b), the employer could seek an
indemnity from a third party tortfeasor, this statutory transference of
ultimate liability to the third party does not detract from the above
analysis. The fact remains that compensation had already been “recovered” by
the employee under the Act. In my view, Section 18(1)(b) existed for the
benefit of the employer and was not a provision which varied or created an
exception to the rule against double recovery so clearly expressed in Section
18(1)(a). Further support for this position can be found in the Minister of
State for Manpower’s comments at the second reading of the Workmen’s
Compensation (Amendment) Bill 2008. It was this Bill that had led to the
enactment of Section 18(1) in its current form. In respect of Section
18(1)(b), the Minister of State remarked (see _Singapore Parliamentary Dates,
Official Report_ (22 January 2008) vol 84 at col 264):

We have also amended section 18 **to allow the employers** to seek indemnity
in the civil courts against a third party who was responsible for causing the
injury, even if the employer was partially at fault. Currently, the employers
can only do so if they were completely not at fault for the injury. The
distinction between no and partial fault may be too fine to determine and the
removal of this pre-condition **will not affect the payment of compensation to
the injured employees who choose to claim under the WCA.**

[Emphasis added.]

26 As regards the employee’s available remedies, the Minister of State made
the following comments at the same parliamentary session (at cols 265-266):

Under the present Act, workers can only claim for injuries from the common law
or the workmen’s compensation system. **They cannot do so from both.** This
makes sense because the WCA was indeed created **to serve as an alternative
and more expeditious route to avoid protracted legal proceedings.**

[Emphasis added.]

27 These clear expressions of legislative intent were sufficient for me to
conclude that even on a purposive reading of Section 18(1)(a), Mr Tan’s
construction could not be sustained. Nevertheless, I will address the relevant
authorities raised by Mr Phua, for completeness’ sake.

28 In the course of submissions before me, Mr Phua cited two authorities which
further suggested that Mr Tan’s construction of Section 18(1)(a) was
misconceived. The first authority cited by Mr Phua was the High Court decision
of _Chua Ah Beng v Commissioner for Labour_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 945 (_“Chua Ah
Beng”_), in which the Honourable Judicial Commissioner Tay Yong Kwang (as he
then was) made, _inter alia_ , the following observations (see [31] of _Chua
Ah Beng_):

31 In my view, the following points emerge from the WCA and the above decision
[referring to the Court of Appeal decision of _Ying Tai Plastic & Metal
Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd v Zahrin bin Rabu_ [1983-1984] SLR(R) 212]:

(a) a workman may sue a “stranger” **and** may make a claim under the WCA **at
the same time but may not be compensated twice for the same injury** (s 18 of
the WCA);

[Emphasis added; reference added in square brackets.]

The reference made by Tay JC (as he then was) was to Section 18 of the
Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev. Ed.) (“the Old Act”). Section
18(1) of the Old Act is, for all intents and purposes, _in pari materia_ with
the present provision, save that the reference to “employee” and “third party”
under the current Act was to “workman” and “stranger” respectively under the
Old Act.

29 The observations by Tay JC (as he then was) support my above analysis that
an employee may concurrently pursue an action for damages against a third
party while seeking compensation under the Act from his employer. His Honour’s
observations further confirm that the prohibition against double recovery
prevents an employee from being compensated twice for the same injury. This
once again alludes to the need for the employee to elect between his
alternative remedies before the cut-off point at which his right to pursue a
common law action for damages or his right to claim compensation under the Act
is deemed to be extinguished (see [22] above).

30 The second authority cited by Mr Phua was the High Court decision of _Kamis
bin Satari v Nasir Natarajan_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 102 (_“Kamis bin Satari”_).
_Kamis bin Satari_ involved a similar situation in which an employee had
sought to pursue an action for damages against a co-worker (i.e. a third
party) after he had received compensation under the Old Act from his employer.
The claim was struck out in the lower courts for running afoul of the rule
against double recovery under Section 18(1)(a). Similar to the present case,
the plaintiff in _Kamis bin Satari_ accepted that he could not recover both
damages and compensation, but sought to argue that as he had received the
compensation under the Old Act by mistake, his claim ought not to be struck
out. In this regard, the Honourable Justice Woo Bih Li held (at [10]):

… It was common ground that the Act does not address the issue of receiving
compensation under a mistake. I was of the view that a workman who has
received compensation under a mistake of the kind alleged by Kamis **may avoid
the consequence of the mistake (assuming the mistake is genuine) by returning
the compensation he has received**.

[Emphasis added.]

31 While the Court in _Kamis bin Satari_ was willing to accept that an
employee may avoid having his claim for damages struck out if he could
establish that he had received the compensation under a mistake, this did not
mean that the employee was entitled to retain the compensation so received. On
the contrary, the implicit and necessary underlying premise for the above
holding in _Kamis bin Satari_ is that an employee may only elect one remedy or
the other, never both. This case further undercuts Mr Tan’s contention that an
employee may retain the compensation and simply deduct that amount from the
damages ultimately awarded by the Court in his claim against a third party.

32 In arriving at his conclusion that an employee must first return any
compensation received before he could proceed with his claim for damages, Woo
J reasoned (at [14] of _Kamis bin Satari_) that:

14 I was of the view that **if an injured workman is not required to return
the compensation he has received before being allowed to continue with his
action for damages, this will lead to abuse.** It will encourage workmen to
remain silent about the fact that they have recovered compensation while
maintaining an action against some person other than the employer. When they
are found out, they then allege that they received the compensation under a
mistake and then carry on with the action for damages while at the same time
retaining the benefit of the compensation. I did not think that that was the
scheme envisaged under the Act…

[Emphasis added.]

33 To accept Mr Tan’s construction of Section 18(1)(a) and to allow the
Plaintiffs to retain the Compensation Amount while pursuing their claim for
damages against the Defendants would lead to the precise abuse envisaged by
Woo J. Moreover, one must consider the fact that under Section 18(1)(b), the
Defendants would ultimately be made to indemnify QBE in respect of the
Compensation Amount paid to the 1st Plaintiff. In the premises, allowing the
Plaintiffs to retain the Compensation Amount whilst they pursued their claim
against the Defendants would be to treat this compensation under the Act as a
form of interim payment. I did not think that this was, by any stretch of the
imagination, Parliament’s intent in enacting the compensation scheme under the
Act. As can be gleaned from the comments of the Minister of State for Labour
(see [26] above), the compensation scheme was intended to serve as an
_alternative_ to legal proceedings, not as a _preliminary adjunct_ to it.

34 Unsurprisingly, Mr Tan was unable to cite any authorities in support of his
construction of Section 18(1)(a). When asked to explain how his construction
would not amount to double recovery, Mr Tan submitted that this was because
any damages awarded in a common law action would be higher than the
Compensation Amount. He further submitted that while there would be some
overlap between the damages and compensation claims, a number of heads of
damages would not be captured in the compensation claim. While, in fairness to
the Plaintiffs, that may be true, it has been observed by Woo J in another
High Court decision of _Cosmic Insurance Corp Ltd v United Oil Co Pte Ltd_
[2006] 3 SLR(R) 236 (_“Cosmic Insurance”_) that since a workman was not
entitled to recover both damages and compensation, all heads of claim had to
be included in his common law claim and not some under the common law claim
and some under a claim for compensation (see [13] of _Cosmic Insurance_). As
such, if the Plaintiffs had been of the view that damages would be higher than
the Compensation Amount and that certain heads of claim would not be
adequately captured in their compensation claim, the proper course for them to
have taken would have been to elect to pursue a common law action for damages
against the Defendants instead.

35 Having found that the Plaintiffs’ construction of Section 18(1)(a) was
plainly unsustainable, it was not necessary for me to determine the cut-off
point for an employee to elect between his claim for damages against a third
party or his claim for compensation under the Act. Suffice to say, any such
cut-off point had been breached in the present case given the 1st Plaintiff’s
acceptance of the Compensation Amount. I pause here to observe that in respect
of an employee’s right to claim damages against his employer, the cut-off
point is clearly stipulated in the Act at Section 33(2)(a), which provides:

(2) Subject to subsections (2A) and (2B), no action for damages shall be
maintainable in any court by an employee **against his employer** in respect
of any injury by accident arising out of and in the course of employment —

(a) if he has a claim for compensation for that injury under the provisions of
this Act and does not withdraw his claim **within a period of 28 days after
the service of the notice of assessment of compensation in respect of that
claim** ;

[Emphasis added.]

Curiously, there is no equivalent provision in respect of an employee’s right
to claim damages against a third party. In my view, given the prohibition
against double recovery in Section 18(1)(a), similar guidance should be
provided stipulating the applicable cut-off point at which an employee may no
longer maintain an action for damages against a third party. This would ensure
clarity and consistency in the application of the provisions under the Act.
This gap is, however, more appropriately addressed by way of legislative
amendment, and not by the courts.

**_The Plaintiffs’ Defence of Ignorance / Mistake_**

36 Having determined that Section 18(1)(a) could not be construed in the
manner suggested by the Plaintiffs, I now turn to the Plaintiffs’ defence of
ignorance or mistake. According to the High Court decision of _Kamis bin
Satari_ , such a defence, if genuine, could be relied upon by the Plaintiffs
to salvage their claim (see [10] of _Kamis bin Satari_ set out at [30] above).

37 In _Kamis bin Satari_ , Woo J upheld the striking out of the plaintiff’s
claim as His Honour had found that first, the plaintiff was not in a position
to return the compensation as he had already spent it and secondly and more
importantly, there was, in fact, no mistake on the plaintiff’s part. In
arriving at his conclusion that there had been no mistake, Woo J noted that
the plaintiff had filled up a form indicating which of the alternative
remedies of damages or compensation he wished to claim. The form had further
stipulated that one could not claim both compensation and common law damages.
As such, His Honour was satisfied that the plaintiff was aware of his
alternative avenues. In addition, the plaintiff had deliberately omitted to
inform his solicitors (who were acting for him in his damages claim) of his
correspondence with the Ministry of Manpower and his employer’s insurers, as
well as his receipt of compensation under the Act. These deliberate omissions
militated against a finding of mistake.

38 In the matter before me, although I was not provided with any evidence of
deliberate omissions by the Plaintiffs, I was also not provided with any
evidence of the 1st Plaintiff’s alleged ignorance or mistake. The only
evidence I was provided with was the series of correspondence between the
Defendants’ solicitors and the Plaintiffs’ former and current solicitors. The
Plaintiffs did not take the position in any of these letters that the
Compensation Amount had been received under a mistake or ignorance of the 1st
Plaintiff’s legal rights. In fact, nowhere in the pleadings or affidavits
before me was there any such allegation. The very first time this allegation
was raised was in the written submissions tendered by the Plaintiffs’
solicitors ahead of the hearing on 28 October 2013. This allegation of
ignorance or mistake was, therefore, a mere submission from the bar and
carried little, if any, weight.

39 The absence of any allegation of ignorance or mistake is particularly
significant in light of the considerable length of time between the payment of
the compensation and the filing of this Suit, i.e. approximately 1 year and 9
months. Had the 1st Plaintiff instructed her solicitors during this time that
she had received the Compensation Amount under a mistake or ignorance of her
legal rights, there was no reason why this would not have been alluded to in
the solicitors’ correspondence or in the pleadings or affidavits filed.

40 When parties appeared before me for the initial hearing on 9 October 2013,
I had sought to know if the Plaintiffs would be filing an affidavit in
response to the Defendants’ striking out application in Summons 4978. Mr Tan
had flatly replied that no affidavit in response was necessary as an affidavit
had already been filed by the 1st Plaintiff on 4 October 2013 in respect of
Summons 5230. Yet, the 1st Plaintiff’s affidavit made no mention whatsoever of
any such allegation of ignorance or mistake. At the very least, if the
Plaintiffs were intending to rely on such a position at the hearing of the
applications, this ought to have been included in the 1st Plaintiff’s
affidavit. After all, the 1st Plaintiff was the only and most appropriate
person who could depose to the fact that she had been labouring under a
mistake or ignorance of her legal rights at the material time.

41 Given that there was simply no indication on the evidence before me of the
alleged ignorance or mistake on the part of the 1st Plaintiff in accepting the
Compensation Amount, and in light of the conspicuous silence of the pleadings
and affidavits in respect of the same, I had little choice but to conclude
that the belated defence had been a mere afterthought, devised to salvage the
Plaintiffs’ claim.

42 On this point of an allegation of mistake by a plaintiff, I note Woo J’s
comments in _Kamis bin Satari_ (at [15]):

15 I was of the view that if the court is not able to summarily determine the
allegation of mistake in favour of or against a workman who has received
compensation, **then the compensation must first be repaid before the workman
is allowed to continue with his action for damages**. **Indeed, there will
still have to be an eventual finding about the allegation of mistake before
the main claim can continue.** An order may have to be made for cross-
examination of deponents and to allow subpoenas to be issued for the purpose
of determining the preliminary point about mistake before a further step is
taken to pursue the main claim under the action. The order can be made at the
hearing to strike out or at the stage when directions are sought or at some
other appropriate stage, but should be made as soon as possible.

[Emphasis added.]

43 The above passage suggests that even if I am incorrect in my summary
determination that there has been no ignorance or mistake on the part of the
1st Plaintiff, the Compensation Amount would nonetheless have to be repaid and
a determination on the allegation of ignorance or mistake would have to be
achieved, before the Plaintiffs would be able to proceed with their claim for
damages against the Defendants. In the course of the hearing before me, Mr Tan
had initially offered for his clients to return the Compensation Amount, only
to clarify later on that he had no such instructions from his clients.

44 As matters stand, the Compensation Amount has not been repaid and the
Plaintiffs’ claim must accordingly be struck out pursuant to the prohibition
against double recovery in Section 18(1)(a).

Vicarious Liability of a Parent

45 Finally, I come to the issue of whether a parent may be held vicariously
liable for the tortious acts of her child. On this point, it was not apparent
to me on the face of the pleadings that the Plaintiffs’ claim against the 1st
Defendant was indeed one of vicarious liability. Instead, I was of the view
(which was subsequently confirmed by Mr Tan) that the Plaintiffs had merely
joined the 1st Defendant as a party as she was the registered owner of the
vehicle, and the Plaintiffs had wished to reap the benefit of the 1st
Defendant’s motor insurance coverage in their claim against the Defendants.
While I do not think that it had been necessary for the Plaintiffs to do so,
given that the 2nd Defendant was an authorised driver and would have been
covered by the motor insurance, this was not an issue raised for my
determination.

46 Since the Plaintiffs’ claim against the 1st Defendant was not, in truth,
one of vicarious liability, I need say no more on the issue. In any event, it
was not necessary for me to make any finding in respect of the claim against
the 1st Defendant specifically, as I have already found that the Plaintiffs’
claim against both Defendants are unsustainable in light of the proper
construction of Section 18(1)(a).

The “Justice of the Case”

47 I was cognisant of the fact that, in making my findings in relation to the
construction of Section 18(1)(a), I would essentially be depriving a widow and
the dependants of the Deceased’s estate of their claim for damages against the
Defendants. In this regard, I note the 1st Plaintiff’s plea in her affidavit
filed on 4 October 2013 for this Court to _“exercise its powers of equity and
justice, and to temper with mercy in its determination of the question of law
that under section 18(1)(a) of the Act the employee ‘shall not be entitled to
recover both damages and compensation’”_.

48 While I was sympathetic to the 1st Plaintiff’s plea, I was of the view that
the law did not permit me to impute a meaning to a statutory provision which
was clearly not in accordance with legislative intent. In my view, greater
injustice would be occasioned if, in order to facilitate the Plaintiffs’
claim, I had chosen to wilfully ignore the express wording and existing case
law in relation to Section 18(1)(a).

49 As for the Plaintiffs’ concerns conveyed through their counsel that the
claim for compensation did not capture all heads of claim intended to be
pursued and that damages against the Defendants would have been higher than
the Compensation Amount received, I note the Minister for Manpower’s response
in 2010 to queries regarding the possibility of raising the compensation
awards to be in tandem with awards of damages in the courts (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Dates, Official Report_ (16 September 2010) vol 87 at col 1207):

… the Work Injury Compensation Act (WICA) is **a "no-fault" compensation
system that expedites the determination of claims and payment of
compensation**. However, this means that work injury compensation is payable
by the employer or his insurer as long as the claimant can show that his
injury arose out of and in the course of employment, regardless of whether the
employer was at fault for the work injury. It is therefore necessary to limit
the liability of employers under the Act. In contrast, under common law,
compensation is awarded only if the claimant is able to prove that the
employer is at fault. **Since the two systems are based on different
principles, it would be inappropriate to directly benchmark WICA’s
compensation limits to awards for common law claims. Claimants may choose the
appropriate avenue based on the specific circumstances of the injuries**.

[Emphasis added.]

50 The Plaintiffs had the choice of pursuing one of two alternative avenues
available to them. One avenue was more expeditious, presented fewer obstacles
in terms of proof of entitlement, but compensation was capped. The other
avenue was more protracted, less costs-efficient, presented greater obstacles
in terms of proof of entitlement, but damages were limited only by the
Plaintiffs’ ability to prove such loss. The Plaintiffs had elected to pursue
the former avenue, along with its benefits and limitations, and could not now
seek the Court’s sanction to combine the two alternative remedies. Further, I
note that the Compensation Amount received by the 1st Plaintiff was, in fact,
the maximum amount assessable for death of an employee under the scheme, at
the material time. The Assistant Commissioner, in assessing the 1st
Plaintiff’s claim at its maximum, had therefore ensured the smallest possible
gap between the 1st Plaintiff’s compensation claim and her potential claim for
damages. I am thus satisfied that the justice of the case neither permits nor
requires this Court to intervene in the manner suggested by the Plaintiffs.

Conclusion

51 Accordingly, for the reasons set out above, in respect of the Plaintiffs’
application in Summons 5230, prayer 1 on the question of law is answered in
the negative and prayer 2 for summary judgment in favour of the Plaintiffs is
dismissed.

52 As regards the Defendants’ application in Summons 4978, I grant an order-
in-terms of prayers 1 and 2. The Plaintiffs’ claim is hereby struck out and
the Plaintiffs are ordered to return the Interim Payment to AIG.

53 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

