Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Rosli bin Yassin  
[2013] SGCA 21

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 5 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 March 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Teo Guan Siew and Toh Puay San (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; Derek Kang Yu Hsien and Nadia Yeo (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Rosli bin Yassin  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 129.]

8 March 2013|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the Public Prosecutor (“the Appellant”) against the
sentence of Rosli bin Yassin (“the Respondent”) in respect of eight charges
which were imposed by the High Court in _Public Prosecutor v Rosli bin Yassin_
[2012] SGHC 129 (“the GD”). The charges were as follows:

(a) Four charges of cheating with common intention under s 420 read with s 34
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”);

(b) One charge of theft under s 379 of the Penal Code;

(c) One charge of criminal breach of trust under s 406 of the Penal Code;

(d) One charge of abetment of forgery for the purpose of cheating under s 468
read with s 109 of the Penal Code; and

(e) One charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under s 304(a) of
the Penal Code.

2 The Respondent pleaded guilty to all eight charges, and consented to another
11 charges being taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing.

3 It was common ground that the Respondent had met the technical requirements
for preventive detention as set out in s 12(2)(_b_) of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”), which reads as follows:

(2) Where a person of the age of 30 years or above —

...

(_b_) is convicted at one trial before the High Court or a District Court of 3
or more distinct offences punishable with imprisonment for 2 years or more,
and has been convicted and sentenced in Singapore or elsewhere to imprisonment
for at least one month since he reached the age of 16 years for an offence
punishable with imprisonment for 2 years or more,

then, if the court is satisfied that it is expedient for the protection of the
public that he should be detained in custody for a substantial period of time,
followed by a period of supervision if released before the expiration of his
sentence, the court, unless it has special reasons for not doing so, shall
sentence him to preventive detention for a period of 7 to 20 years in lieu of
any sentence of imprisonment.

4 The trial judge (“the Judge”) held that the appropriate starting point was
15 years’ preventive detention. Taking into account the fact that the
Respondent had spent three years in remand, the Judge sentenced the Respondent
to 12 years’ preventive detention (see [69]–[76] of the GD).

5 The Appellant appealed against the sentence meted out by the Judge on the
ground that it was manifestly inadequate. At the end of the hearing before us,
we unanimously allowed the appeal. We sentenced the Respondent to 20 years’
preventive detention, which is the maximum possible sentence. We now give the
detailed grounds for our decision.

The issue

6 The sole issue in this appeal was whether the 12-year sentence of preventive
detention imposed by the Judge was manifestly inadequate.

7 Let us turn, first, to the applicable legal principles.

The applicable legal principles

The law on appellate intervention

8 It is trite law that an appellate court has only a limited scope to
intervene when reappraising sentences imposed by a court at first instance.
This is because sentencing is very much a matter of discretion and requires a
delicate balancing of myriad considerations which are often plainly
conflicting (see, for example, the decisions of this court in _Public
Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 (“
_Mohammed Liton_ ”) at [81] and _Public Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 684 at [13]).

9 Insofar as the applicable principles are concerned, the following
observations from _Mohammed Liton_ (at [81]–[84]) may be usefully noted:

81 It is well-settled law that an appellate court has only a limited scope to
intervene when reappraising sentences imposed by a court at first instance.
This is because sentencing is largely a matter of judicial discretion and
requires a fine balancing of myriad considerations: see _Angliss Singapore Pte
Ltd v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 (“ _Angliss_ ”) at [13].

82 Notwithstanding the discretionary nature of the sentencing process, it has
also been established in cases such as _Tan Koon Swan v PP_ [1985-1986] SLR(R)
976 and _PP v Cheong Hock Lai_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 203 that an appellate court
will nonetheless correct sentences in the following situations:

(a) where the sentencing judge erred in respect of the proper factual basis
for sentence;

(b) where the sentencing judge failed to appreciate the materials placed
before him;

(c) where the sentence imposed was wrong in principle and/or law; and/or

(d) where the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive or manifestly
inadequate, as the case may be.

83 With respect to reason (d) in the preceding paragraph, which was relied on
by the appellant in the present appeal, Yong CJ in _PP v Siew Boon Loong_
[2005] 1 SLR(R) 611 clarified (at [22]) what was meant by a sentence that was
manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate:

When a sentence is said to be manifestly inadequate, or conversely, manifestly
excessive, it means that the sentence is unjustly lenient or severe, as the
case may be, and _requires substantial alterations rather than minute
corrections_ to remedy the injustice ... [emphasis added]

It has also been said (in the Malaysian High Court decision of _Sim Boon Chai
v Public Prosecutor_ [1982] 1 MLJ 353) that a sentence is manifestly excessive
when it fails to accommodate the existing extenuating or mitigating
circumstances. A sentence which is plainly out of line with an established
benchmark is also manifestly excessive: see, for example, _Tuen Huan Rui Mary
v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 70. By parity of reasoning, the same must also apply in
ascertaining whether a sentence is manifestly inadequate. Indeed, in _Moey
Keng Kong v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 867, it was observed that a sentence would be
manifestly inadequate when, although it should reflect the need for both
deterrence and retribution, it reflected only deterrence or retribution (which
was not the situation on the facts of that particular case). At this point, we
pause to observe that while guidelines and benchmarks provide consistency and
predictability so far as sentencing is concerned, courts should never apply
benchmarks mechanically without a proper evaluation of the facts of the case.

84 On this premise, it bears repeating that an appellate court should only
intervene where the sentence imposed by the court below was “manifestly”
inadequate - that in itself implies _a high threshold_ before intervention is
warranted. In the light of the highly discretionary nature of the sentencing
process and the relatively circumscribed grounds on which appellate
intervention is warranted, the prerogative to correct sentences should be
tempered by a certain degree of deference to the sentencing judge's exercise
of discretion. Indeed, as Rajah J reiterated in _Angliss_ ([81] _supra_ at
[14]):

The _mere fact that an appellate court would have awarded a higher or lower
sentence than the trial judge is not sufficient_ to compel the exercise of its
appellate powers, unless it is coupled with a failure by the trial judge to
appreciate the facts placed before him or where the trial judge's exercise of
his sentencing discretion was contrary to principle and/or law. [emphasis
added]

The law relating to preventive detention

10 The _general_ principles relating to preventive detention are clear, and
are neatly encapsulated within the following observations of this court in
_Public Prosecutor v Syed Hamid bin A Kadir Alhamid_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 1018 at
[10]:

10 A sentence of preventive detention is intended for habitual offenders, aged
more than 30 years, whom the court considers to be too recalcitrant for
reformation (see _PP v Wong Wing Hung_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 304). Preventive
detention ought to be imposed if the accused has shown that he is such a
menace to society that he should be incarcerated for a substantial period of
time (see _PP v Perumal s/o Suppiah_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 145). While the court
will consider the need for the public to be protected from physical bodily
harm, offences against property, such as theft, offences against the peace,
such as affray, and offences against society in general, such as the
consumption and possession of drugs, may also be taken into account for the
purpose of determining whether it is appropriate for an order of preventive
detention to be made. In _Tan Ngin Hai v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 152 at [8], Yong
Pung How CJ explained:

... In my view, there is no rule of law which states that protection of the
public necessarily refers to protecting them only from physical bodily harm
... As such, the imposition of preventive detention ought not to be restricted
only to persons with a history of violent behaviour as exhibited through the
commission of violent crimes. Instead, the real test is whether or not the
degree of propensity towards any type of criminal activity at all is such that
the offender ought to be taken out of circulation altogether in order that he
be not afforded even the slightest opportunity to give sway to his criminal
tendencies again. ...

11 The overarching principle is the need _to protect the public_ (indeed, this
principle is to be found in the express language of s 12(2) of the CPC itself
(see above at [3])). This does not mean that the situation of the individual
offender is irrelevant. However, the applicable principles in this particular
regard are formulated with the _public_ interest as the central point of
reference constantly in view. Put simply, if the individual offender is such a
habitual offender whose situation does not admit of the possibility of his or
her reform, thus constituting a menace to the public (and this would include,
but is not limited to, offences involving violence), a sentence of preventive
detention would be imposed on him or her for a substantial period of time in
order to protect the public. As Yong Pung How CJ put it in the Singapore High
Court decision of _Public Prosecutor v Wong Wing Hung_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 304 (“
_Wong Wing Hung_ ”) at [10], the “sentence [of preventive detention] is meant
essentially for _habitual_ offenders, who must be over the age of 30 years,
whom the court considers to be _beyond redemption and too recalcitrant for
reformation_ ” [emphasis added]. The court will look at the _totality_ of the
offender’s previous convictions (see the Singapore High Court decision of _Tan
Ngin Hai v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 152 at [7]).

12 It is important, in this regard, to emphasise that a sentence of preventive
detention is _not_ the same as a sentence of imprisonment. As Yong Pung How CJ
put it in the Singapore High Court decision of _Yusoff bin Hassan and others v
Public Prosecutor_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 160 (“ _Yusoff bin Hassan_ ”) at [11]:

11 _Furthermore, corrective training and preventive detention are meant to
supplant a sentence of imprisonment which would otherwise be ordered. These
sentences are passed “in lieu of any sentence of imprisonment”._ It would
appear that the sentencing court should simply address its mind to the
appropriate period of custody merited by the offences for which the offender
has been convicted before it, and his criminal record. Provisions such as ss
17 and 18 [of the CPC] which relate to the ordering of consecutive or
concurrent sentences of imprisonment clearly do not apply. I agreed with the
submission of the learned DPP that corrective training and preventive
detention should be ordered in lieu of the aggregate sentence of imprisonment
which the court would otherwise have been minded to impose. The learned DPP
drew the court’s attention to the fact that it is the practice of district
courts to impose a single term of probation or reformative training even
though more than one distinct offence is involved. [emphasis added]

13 In a similar vein, in _Wong Wing Hung_ , Yong Pung How CJ observed thus (at
[10]):

10 ... The minimum term stipulated in s 12(2) [of the CPC] of “not less than 7
years” indicates that the normal limitations on sentencing do not apply when
the court is considering a sentence of preventive detention. _It would be a
mistake to confuse a sentence of preventive detention with a term of
imprisonment as the two are obviously distinct sentences._ The wording of s
12(2) [of the CPC] cannot be more unambiguous when it states that preventive
detention is to be imposed “in lieu of any sentence of imprisonment”. ...
[emphasis added]

14 Further, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Public Prosecutor v
Perumal s/o Suppiah_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 145, Yong Pung How CJ referred to the
passage cited in the preceding paragraph, observing as follows (at [38]):

38 In this regard, I must reiterate my earlier exhortation in _PP v Wong Wing
Hung_ ... at [10] _not to confuse the concept of preventive detention and
imprisonment, which are distinct sentences and are underpinned by different
objectives and rationales._ The former is essentially aimed at the protection
of the public while the latter reflects the traditional policies of
prevention, deterrence, rehabilitation and retribution. They are different in
duration, character and implementation. _As such, it would be a mistake to
view them as fungible sentences._ [emphasis added]

15 In the Singapore High Court decision of _Nicholas Kenneth v Public
Prosecutor_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 80, the learned Chief Justice again stated as
follows (at [19]):

19 ... A sentence of preventive detention is not a “sentence of imprisonment”,
even though persons sentenced to preventive detention are often, in practice,
detained in prison. In _Yusoff bin Hassan v PP_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 160, I drew a
distinction between the two sentencing options for the following reasons:
first, s 12(2) of the CPC, the provision which empowers the court to order a
sentence of preventive detention states that such sentences are passed “in
lieu of any sentence of imprisonment”; secondly, there are different rules
relating to the nature and termination of custody for sentences of
imprisonment and preventive detention. Sentences of imprisonment are governed
by the Prisons Act (Cap 247) and its regulations, while sentences of
preventive detention are governed by the Criminal Procedure (Corrective
Training and Preventive Detention) Rules. There is usually a one-third period
of remission for sentences of imprisonment, but not for terms of preventive
detention. Consequently, a literal reading of s 234(1) [of the CPC] would mean
that the court is not empowered to order that a sentence of preventive
detention should start at the expiration of another such sentence that the
accused is undergoing.

16 Finally, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Public Prosecutor v Raffi
Bin Jelan and Another_ [2004] SGHC 120 (“ _Raffi Bin Jelan_ ”), V K Rajah JC
(as he then was) observed thus (at [24]):

24 It is clear from the statutory scheme in the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) that a sentence of preventive detention is an extreme
measure that is prescribed for certain classes of habitual offenders and/or
potential recidivists who are viewed as being beyond the reach of conventional
sentencing and its underlying _raison d’être_. _Preventive detention has a
wholly different penological objective. The rationale for preventive
sentencing is preventive control that extends beyond the parameters of
conventional sentencing which requires the sentence to fit the crime._ The
overwhelming consideration is whether the court is satisfied in the
circumstances that it is “expedient for the protection of the public” that an
offender be incarcerated for a protracted period. If the court forms the view
that such a repeat offender by virtue of his propensity to offend may yet
again do so if unchecked, there would be a compelling case for the imposition
of a sentence of preventive detention. Such an offender by reason of his past
conduct and anticipated future conduct will be viewed as having forfeited his
right to be accorded the considerations and attributes peculiar to
conventional sentencing. [emphasis added]

17 The above-stated difference between a sentence of preventive detention on
the one hand and a sentence of imprisonment on the other also has, in our
view, a practical significance. In particular, there is no provision
equivalent to s 223 of the CPC which (in the context of a sentence of
_imprisonment_) confers on the court concerned a discretion to, _inter alia_ ,
take into account the time the accused has spent in remand. However, even
under s 223 of the CPC, there is _no obligation_ as such to do so (see the
Singapore High Court decision of _Chua Chuan Heng Allan v Public Prosecutor_
[2003] 2 SLR(R) 409 at [9]–[11] as well as Kow Keng Siong, _Sentencing
Principles in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2009) (“ _Sentencing Principles_
”) at para 27.141). It would appear, therefore, to be the case that there is
no express statutory provision conferring on the court the discretion to take
into account the time the accused has spent in remand insofar as a sentence of
_preventive detention_ is concerned. Indeed, as already emphasised above at
[11], the overarching principle is to protect the public. In the
circumstances, we agree with the view expressed to the effect that the
sentence of preventive detention by the court is, in principle, a
_prospective_ one (see, for example, _Raffi Bin Jelan_ at [30]). We should
note, at this juncture, that, even s 223 of the CPC itself makes it clear that
a sentence of imprisonment ordinarily takes effect only _from the date of the
order itself_ unless the court otherwise directs (_ie_ for a sentence of
imprisonment to take effect from an earlier date).

18 Unfortunately, the existing case law remains unclear. For example, in the
Singapore District Court decision of _Public Prosecutor v Salwant Singh s/o
Amer Singh and Another Case_ [2003] SGDC 146 (“ _Salwant Singh (DC)_ ”), the
following observations were made at [43]–[44] (see also _Sentencing
Principles_ at paras 29.186–29.187 which was authored by the District Judge
who wrote the decision just cited):

43 At the outset, it must be pointed out that there is no issue of the
Accused’s sentence of preventive detention being backdated to the date in
remand as such a sentence does not fall within the scope of section 223 of the
CPC. The power to backdate under section 223 applies only to a sentence of
‘imprisonment’. It has been held that preventive detention is a distinct
sentence from imprisonment: _PP v Wong Wing Hung_ [1999] 4 SLR 329. Other than
the increased length of custody in a regime of preventive detention, there are
different rules relating to the nature and termination of custody. Sentences
of imprisonment are governed by the Prisons Act and regulations made
thereunder, whereas sentences of preventive detention are governed by the
Criminal Procedure (Corrective Training and Preventive Detention) Rules. For a
sentence of imprisonment, a one-third period of remission is usual, whereas
under preventive detention, the offender is merely released on licence
pursuant to Schedule C of the CPC.

44 On a separate note, I am also of the view that it is inappropriate to
consider the Accused’s period of remand in determining the duration of his
preventive detention.

a. Firstly, it is important to remember that the primary consideration in
assessing the period of the sentence must always be the **amount of time**
that the Court feels is **required to protect the public from the offender** :
_Yusoff bin Hassan & 4 Ors v PP_ [1992] 2 SLR 1032; _G Ravichander v PP_
[2002] 4 SLR 587 @ para 23–26. This is a prospective assessment, **made at the
time of sentencing**. A Judge would be acting contrary to the objective of
preventive detention if he were to ‘discount’ from an otherwise appropriate
term of preventive detention (assessed to be necessary to protect the public
from the offender) on account of the offender’s period in remand.

b. Secondly, in the interest of justice and effective law enforcement, it is
necessary a strong signal to those who are minded abscond to another country
in the hope of evading justice that if they are caught and remain in custody
in a foreign country for a period of time, that period will not by any means
be considered as though it has been spent in this country serving the sentence
imposed by its courts: _Peffer_ [1992] 13 Cr App.R.(S) 150. This is
particularly so where the period in overseas remand is attributable to the
offender ‘playing the system’ by challenging the extradition proceedings:
_Stone_ [1988] 10 Cr App R (S) 322.

[emphasis in original]

(An appeal against the decision in _Salwant Singh (DC)_ was allowed on the
issue of sentence, but without apparent discussion of this particular issue in
_Public Prosecutor v Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 305, except
perhaps possibly at [26].)

19 However, it seems to us that the issue as to whether the time an offender
has spent in remand ought to be taken into account in the context of
preventive detention is one that ought to be approached from the perspective
of _substance_ (as opposed merely to its form) and that, looked at in this
light, the observations in _Salwant Singh (DC)_ (set out in the preceding
paragraph), whilst clear and persuasive, may nevertheless be a little too
strict.

20 As already emphasised several times above, the paramount focus is on the
protection of the public. To reiterate, it is the court’s duty to “simply
address its mind to the appropriate period of custody merited by the offences
for which the offender has been convicted before it, and his criminal record”
(see _Yusoff bin Hassan_ at [11]; also cited above at [12])_._ Hence, although
there is no statutory provision as such which confers on the court an express
power to backdate a sentence of preventive detention, it is consistent with
both logic, common sense as well as justice and fairness that, in considering
the overall length of the sentence of preventive detention to be meted out to
the offender concerned, the time the offender has spent in remand could be a
possible factor which the court takes into account (_cf_ also the observations
in the Singapore High Court decision of _Public Prosecutor v Rahim bin Basron_
[2010] 3 SLR 278, especially at [57]). However, we would observe that such a
factor would probably operate in favour of the offender only in _exceptional_
cases. Given the overarching principle to protect the public, if, in fact, the
offender’s situation is an _extremely serious_ one, then we would think that
the court would _not_ consider taking into account the time the offender has
spent in remand. We think that this is likely to be the norm rather than the
exception simply because, in principle, situations warranting a sentence of
preventive detention are likely to be very serious to begin with. Indeed, in
the _most extreme_ situations, the court might not only disregard the time the
offender has spent in remand but also sentence him or her to the maximum
period of 20 years of preventive detention. However, as alluded to above, we
would not rule out the exceptional situation where, whilst a sentence of
preventive detention is warranted, there is nevertheless some justification
for sentencing that offender to _less_ time in preventive detention, which
would, _inter alia_ (and _in substance_ at least), take into account the time
the offender has already spent in remand. This (more general) approach is
preferable in light of the fact that (as already noted) s 223 of the CPC is
not, _stricto sensu_ , applicable to sentences of preventive detention. It is
also important to emphasise that there is no pat formula that can be utilised.
Much would depend on the _precise facts_ before the court, and this brings us
to the very important point of application – to which our attention must now
briefly turn.

21 Whilst the general principles (considered briefly above) are relatively
clear, the real difficulty lies in their _application_ because this exercise
is _an intensely fact-centric one_. It is, however, wholly crucial to the
ultimate decision arrived at. Hence, the focus of the court must always be on
all the relevant facts. In the circumstances, the relevant case law is more
useful from the perspective of general principles as opposed to the resolution
of the particular factual situations therein. This would be an appropriate
point at which to turn to the facts of the present appeal. However, before
proceeding to do so, it would be useful to set out – in summary form – the
arguments of the respective parties.

Summary of the parties’ arguments

22 The Appellant argued that the 12-year period for preventive detention
imposed by the Judge was manifestly inadequate. The Judge’s exercise of
sentencing discretion was, it was submitted, contrary to principle. First, he
placed excessive emphasis on the non-violent nature of the offences committed
by the Respondent. Second, he took into account the Respondent’s period of
remand in determining the duration of preventive detention, and third, he did
not sufficiently consider and emphasise the sentencing imperative of
prevention and protection of the public. The Judge had also erred in failing
to appreciate the facts before him in that he placed insufficient weight on
the following: first, the Respondent’s long and continuous history of crime
and his lack of responsiveness to his previous punishments; second, the
Respondent’s high risk of re-offending as well as the threat that he continues
to pose to the public; third, the number, nature and circumstances of the
offences that the Respondent was convicted of; fourth, the degree of
premeditation involved in the numerous offences; fifth, the numerous charges
that were taken into consideration for sentencing; and sixth, the Respondent’s
lack of remorse.

23 The Respondent, on the other hand, argued that the sentence of 12 years’
preventive detention was not manifestly inadequate. This is because the
Respondent is no more a menace than other offenders who were sentenced to less
than 12 years’ preventive detention. The maximum duration of preventive
detention is generally meted out in cases involving offenders who had either
been engaged in violent criminal activities, claimed trial, possessed a very
long history of antecedents, or had alcohol or drug addictions. Further, the
Judge was correct in exercising his discretion to give a discount to the
period of preventive detention.

Our decision

24 The Respondent has a long list of property-related criminal antecedents.
Previous punishments – _including a prior eight-year term of preventive
detention_ – have had little (if any) rehabilitative effect on him. The
Respondent has been in and out of prison since 1991. Indeed, since his first
conviction in 1991, the Respondent has been unable to stay out of prison for
periods of more than ten months. Put simply, there is a clear pattern of
chronic recidivism. Extrapolating this into the future, it would appear that
there is a high probability of re-offending on the part of the Respondent.

25 Indeed, in a psychiatric report dated 27 February 2012 which was procured
by the Defence on behalf of the Respondent, it was opined that the Respondent
was at a high risk of re-offending because of mental retardation, lack of
occupational skills, lack of social support, lack of family support, impulsive
behaviour and lack of remorse.

26 The pre-sentencing report authored by a Medical Officer from Changi Complex
dated 23 December 2011 was largely in agreement with the psychiatric report
referred to in the preceding paragraph. The pre-sentencing report (though not
conclusive in and of itself) found that the Respondent had a 49% to 60%
probability of recidivism within two years of release. The Respondent had
criminal thinking styles and attitudes and had a readiness to resort to crime
as a means of obtaining quick money. Crucially, the pre-sentencing report also
found that the Respondent had a poor ability to cope with stressors,
exacerbated by a lack of pro-social peers, familial support, and a fixed
abode.

27 Troublingly, the Respondent had, in the latest bout of criminal activities,
pleaded guilty to culpable homicide not amounting to murder. The Judge
nevertheless held that this was uncharacteristic of the Respondent (see [63]
of the GD). Regardless of whether it was characteristic or not of the
Respondent, the fact remains that the Respondent’s hitherto non-violent
conduct had _escalated_ into the taking of a human life – one of the most
egregious and blameworthy crimes on the books.

28 The Judge had also found as a fact that the Respondent “lacked remorse and
was incorrigible” (see [64] of the GD). Indeed, in the Judge’s own words, the
Respondent’s “callous conduct in dumping [the deceased’s] body and stealing
her cheques to cheat yet again once more illustrated his lack of remorse” (see
[65] of the GD). The pre-sentencing report (also referred to above at [26])
may also be noted, wherein it was observed that the Respondent, despite his
claims that he was remorseful, was in fact in a state of denial insofar as his
personal responsibility for his actions was concerned.

29 Most pertinently, the Respondent did not have a supportive social network:
he was not in contact with both his ex-wife and children, and did not have a
fixed abode. Having been in and out of prison since 1991, it was unlikely that
the Respondent had any marketable skills. Coupled with his advanced age, he
would not find it easy to be gainfully employed upon release. There was a high
possibility of the Respondent turning to crime as the _only_ means of
supporting himself.

30 With respect, the Judge had not expressly considered any of the above
circumstances in determining the appropriate length of the sentence of
preventive detention to be meted out to the Respondent.

31 With respect to the time the Respondent had spent in remand, we were of the
view that, given the various circumstances (including, in particular, the
Respondent’s utter inability to cope coupled with his total lack of any
support system (noted above at [29])), it would be in the public interest not
to take the period of his remand into account and to sentence him to the
maximum period of preventive detention instead.

Conclusion

32 For the reasons set out above, the sentence of 12 years’ preventive
detention was manifestly inadequate. Taking all the circumstances into
account, we were of the view that the Respondent should be incarcerated for
the maximum possible duration, _viz_ , 20 years of preventive detention.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Mar 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

