Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Dirak Asia Pte Ltd and another _v_ Chew Hua Kok and another  
[2013] SGHCR 1

Case Number| :| Suit No 109 of 2010 (Summons No 4323 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 January 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Johnson Loo and Mr Gary Low Wee Chong (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the plaintiffs; Mr Jimmy Yap (Jimmy Yap & Co) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Dirak Asia Pte Ltd and another — Chew Hua Kok and another  
  
9 January 2013|  
---|---  
  
Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR:

Introduction

1 With the institutionalised use of emails and email attachments in the modern
working environment, the inevitability of electronic discovery, in one form or
another, would become increasingly evident when commercial disputes arise. At
the same time, the proliferation of cloud computing brings about unique
challenges to the practice of electronic discovery. The resolution of these
challenges calls for a nuanced consideration of seemingly preconceived notions
of possession, custody and power over documents found in “the cloud”. The
present decision examines the extent in which an email user can be said to
have power over emails in the possession and custody of the email service
provider, a task which mandates a contextual understanding of “power” in Order
24 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (see [34] – [37] below).

Factual Background

2 This matter involves an application for the discovery of emails, in a
dispute between ex-employers and ex-employees over alleged breaches of
fiduciary duties and contractual clauses under their employment contracts.

3 The 1st plaintiff (“Dirak Asia”), is a Singapore incorporated company, and
the 2nd plaintiff (“Suzhou Dirak”) is a company incorporated in the People’s
Republic of China. Both are in the business of designing, manufacturing and
distributing locking and hinging systems. The 1st defendant (“Chew”) was
employed by Dirak Asia as its regional sales and operations manager from 23
August 2004, under an employment agreement dated 26 July 2004. He was also
appointed a director and legal representative of Suzhou Dirak on 20 November
2006. The 2nd defendant, (“Soo”) was employed by Dirak Asia from 12 April 2004
as a sales engineer under an employment agreement dated 19 April 2004.

4 According to the plaintiffs, the defendants had, in the course of their
employment, made unauthorised disclosure of the plaintiffs’ confidential
information to various third-party competitors, including Suzhou Euro-Locks,
which is a wholly owned subsidiary of U.K. based Euro-Locks & Lowe & Fletcher
Ltd. It was alleged that the plaintiffs have suffered loss as a result. It was
further alleged that Soo had, on behalf of Suzhou Euro-Locks, accepted orders
from the plaintiffs’ customers, and diverted orders for the plaintiffs’ goods
from an existing customers to Suzhou Euro-Locks, whilst in the course of the
plaintiffs’ employment.

5 After Chew’s employment with Dirak Asia ended on 8 May 2009, he was employed
by Suzhou Euro-Locks as its general manager in June 2009. In addition, Soo
joined Suzhou Euro-Locks after his employment with Dirak Asia ended on 21 July
2009. The defendants had allegedly continued to misuse and disclose
confidential information of the plaintiffs’ without authorisation. It was
further alleged that the defendants had, in breach of the non-solicitation and
non-compete clauses in their respective employment agreement with Dirak Asia,
facilitated the solicitation of the plaintiffs’ customers.

6 The plaintiffs obtained an order for discovery on 7 April 2011 against the
defendants for documents relating to, _inter alia_ , the defendants’
employment agreement with Suzhou Euro-Locks; invoices and purchase orders that
would disclose the revenue earned by Suzhou Euro-Locks from sales of competing
products made from the use of the plaintiffs’ designs; as well as relevant
communications between the defendants and the plaintiffs’ customers relating
to the sales of competing products made from the use of the plaintiffs’
designs.

7 Subsequent to the order for discovery made on 7 April 2011, the plaintiffs
filed the present application to extend the terms of the 7 April 2011 order,
to include discovery of the same documents found in the defendants’ respective
Euro-Locks email accounts. In opposing the present application, counsel for
the defendants argued in para [10] of its written submissions of 29 October
2012 that the defendants do not have possession or custody of the emails
sought to be discovered as these emails are stored in the server of Euro-Locks
& Lowe & Fletcher Ltd, and neither of the defendants have power to allow the
server to be searched. This position is reiterated in Chew’s affidavit dated 7
September 2012, where he deposed (at paras [4] and [5]):

This email account is assigned to me solely for the purpose of my employment
with my present employer, Euro-Locks & Lowe & Fletcher Ltd, a company
incorporated in the United Kingdom. The server in which all emails emanating
from or delivered to this email account is not owned by me. …

As I am not the owner of the server, the server is not in my custody or
control. As a mere employee of the owner of the server, I have no power to
allow the server to be accessed by people who are not authorised by my
employer.

8 The same position is echoed in para [25] of Soo’s affidavit dated 14
September 2012.

9 Counsel for the plaintiffs, on the other hand, contend that the defendants
have power and control over the emails, given that they have the practical
ability to access the emails in their Euro-Locks emails accounts (see
plaintiffs’ written submissions dated 20 November 2012).

Issue

10 In the above circumstances, the issue before this court was whether the
defendants have possession, custody and power over the emails in their email
accounts with Euro-Locks & Lowe & Fletcher Ltd.

The question of possession and custody of the emails

11 The issue at hand is deceptively simple. One may assume as a matter of
course that the defendants have possession and custody over the emails that
they access in the course of their employment with Euro-Locks. Complications,
however, arise upon further examination. The plaintiffs are not seeking
discovery of _physical_ _printouts_ of emails kept by the defendants, neither
are they seeking discovery of _soft_ _copies of emails saved_ in the
defendants’ computers, smart phones or other compound documents[note: 1]
(storage devices or database). If this was the case, the defendants can be
found to be in possession and custody of these physical printouts, or the
saved softcopies kept in their computers. Instead, the plaintiffs are seeking
discovery of the emails **_in_** the defendants’ _email accounts._ When one
asks the defendants, “where are the emails?”, the defendants would necessarily
have to reply that “they are in my _email accounts_.” What happens then, when
one asks, “ _where_ _are_ the email accounts?”

12 The answer to this question may lie in “the cloud”. This is because, in so
far as emails accessed using web browsers are concerned (such as Gmail, Yahoo,
Hotmail, and web-based/off-site corporate email accounts), the email user does
not technically have possession and custody over the emails, as the emails are
stored on mail servers and data centres sited in remote locations. In this
case, the user may still download and save a copy of the emails in his
computer, hard disk, smart phone, tablet device, or some other compound
document. However, unless the user has saved his emails in his computer or in
similar devices, what the user has in his possession is not the email itself,
but the username and password _to access_ the emails in the possession of the
email provider. To this end, the email provider is in effect a custodian of
the electronically stored information in the user’s email account.

13 Where the emails are accessed using an email program installed on the
user’s computer (such as proprietary email systems in Microsoft Office Outlook
and Microsoft Exchange), the emails are stored in remote servers until the
email user activates his email client to send a request for these emails to be
sent through (several) routers and be downloaded from the server to the user’s
computer. Nevertheless, even in such cases, the email program may be
configured to store a copy of each email in a "virtual mailbox" located in the
remote mail server, or to store all emails in the server instead of the user’s
computer (see _Fermin_ _Aldabe v. Standard Chartered Bank_ [2009] SGHC 194 at
[15] – [16]). Depending on the terms of service, the email provider may also
keep a copy of each email in the server for a specified period as a default
position to act as a back-up repository for the user.

14 In the present case, the plaintiffs did not assert on affidavit, nor did
they submit that the defendants have saved any of the emails in their personal
or work computers, smart phones or any other compound documents in the
defendant’s possession and custody. Neither are they seeking discovery of such
compound documents. Rather, the plaintiffs are seeking discovery of the emails
in the _email account itself_. The plaintiffs also did not dispute that the
emails are indeed stored in the servers of a third party, Euro-Locks & Lowe &
Fletcher Ltd, as is the position asserted by the defendants. What the
plaintiffs argued, was the fact that the emails are stored in the servers of a
third party is no bar to the granting of a discovery order, given that the
defendants have the practical ability to access the emails in their email
accounts. In this regard, the real question before this court is whether
emails in the possession and custody of Euro-Locks & Lowe & Fletcher Ltd is in
the defendants’ “power”. To the extent where “cloud computing” refers to the
access and use of software, platforms and infrastructure over the internet to
do one’s computing,[note: 2] the answer to this question has implications on
the interesting and more general inquiry on the extent in which a cloud user
can be said to have "power" over the electronically stored information in the
possession and custody of a cloud provider.

The question of power over the emails

15 The question of whether the defendants have power over the documents found
in the possession and custody of a third party, illustrates the unique
challenges to the practice of electronic discovery brought about by the
increasing use of cloud computing. The plaintiffs may choose to seek discovery
against the third party, Euro-Locks & Lowe & Fletcher Ltd, given that it has
possession and custody over the emails kept in its server. However, a third
party cloud provider, not being a party to the dispute at hand, may not be
able to provide meaningful discovery as it is unlikely to know what are the
documents which could adversely affect the cloud user’s (the producing
party’s) case, or documents which could adversely affect or support the
discovering party’s case. Nor would the third party cloud provider be in a
position to effectively conduct privilege review over the documents or to make
proper objections based on privilege. Where the third party cloud provider is
based in a different jurisdiction (Euro-Locks & Lowe & Fletcher Ltd is based
in the U.K.), there could be practical difficulties in cooperating or
complying with the discovery, inspection and production of documents. In
addition, any attempt at discovery may be complicated if the third party cloud
provider is prohibited to do so by the mandatory laws found in the
jurisdiction where the cloud provider was incorporated in or where the server
is located in, or even by the private obligations owed to the cloud user. In
such cases, to comply with a discovery order made in our courts could result
in a breach of the private obligations owed to the user, or a violation of the
laws in the country in which the cloud provider is based in (for example, the
Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. § 2510 et seq (2006), and the
Stored Communications Act, § 2701 et seq (2006), in the U.S.). Furthermore,
the situation may be made more complex by the fact that the cloud provider may
outsource partially or fully its computing operations to third party vendors
or network service providers for networked storage facilities, dedicated
processing and computing resources, and enhanced cloud infrastructure; such
that these network service providers become the _de facto_ cloud providers,
with a service agreement made with the _de jure_ cloud providers who owns the
data found in the cloud.

16 The complications described above are compounded by the perceived rigidity
over the conception of “power” in so far as the obligation to make discovery
is concerned. The oft-cited authority in this regard is Lord Diplock’s
exposition in the House of Lords decision in _Lonrho Ltd v. Shell Petroleum_
[1980] 1 WLR 627 (at [635]) (“ _Lonrho_ ”):

…in the context of the phrase "possession, custody or power" the expression
"power" must, in my view, mean a _presently enforceable legal right_ to obtain
from whoever actually holds the document inspection of it without the need to
obtain the consent of anyone else. Provided that the right is presently
enforceable, the fact that for physical reasons it may not be possible for the
person entitled to it to obtain immediate inspection would not prevent the
document from being in his power; but in the absence of a _presently
enforceable right_ there is, in my view, nothing in Order 24 to compel a party
to a cause or matter to take steps that will enable him to acquire one in the
future. [emphasis added].

17 A _rigid adherence_ to the above exposition would be unduly restrictive,
and may be especially inadequate to meet the needs of electronic discovery in
the context of cloud computing. Where the cloud provider is the domain
administrator of the cloud service (the email account), or where the employer
is the administrator of the employee’s work email account (as is typical in
the usual employer-employee scenario), the employee could hardly be said to
have an enforceable legal right to obtain the emails, as the employees’ terms
of use confer upon the employer-administrator the legal right to suspend or
terminate the employee’s access to his email account. In addition, most terms
of service prescribed by cloud providers would contain an express term to
allow the cloud provider the legal right to modify existing terms or add new
terms, such as a term to restrict the cloud user’s legal right to obtain the
emails without the cloud provider’s consent. Any “legal rights” to the emails
would also have to be determined in accordance with the law expressed to
govern the terms of service between the cloud provider and the cloud user.

18 Such difficulties are highlighted by the U.S. decision of _Tomlinson v. El
Paso Corp_ 245 F.R.D. 474, 477 (D. Colo. 2007), where a third party cloud
provider having custody of the documents refused to produce the material
documents. The employees had sought discovery against their employer for
electronic documents relating to pension records and data. The employer
contended that it did not have the power to compel production of these
electronic documents, as they were held by a third party human resources
company in a “computerised infrastructure” (essentially a cloud database) that
the company uses to administer and maintain the employees’ pension and
benefits records. The employer did not have the legal right to access the
information kept in the “computerised infrastructure”. In addition, the
company had refused to produce the material documents even though these were
in its custody. The court was unsympathetic to these contentions, and held
that the employer’s obligation to ensure that the pension records were
accessible to the employees under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
was imperative. However the difficulty with this approach is that it does not
address the fact that the employer had no _power_ , in so far as it is
understood as an _enforceable legal right_ , over the documents held in the
human resources company’s cloud database.

19 Indeed, this court takes the view that Lord Diplock did not, in _Lonrho_ ,
set out to prescribe an _exhaustive_ _definition_ of the expression “power” in
Order 24, rule 2(1) of the English Rules of the Supreme Court (“Order 24”),
which is in _pari_ _materia_ with Order 24, rule 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Singapore Rules of Court”), nor is there anything in
the decision of _Lonrho_ to suggest that Lord Diplock’s exposition ought to be
given the effect of statute. On the contrary, His Lordship was expounding upon
the court’s _understanding_ of what “power” entailed in accordance with the
_facts_ of the case at hand. Lord Diplock was himself quick to limit the
general purport that would be attached to the House of Lords’ decision (at
[631 -632] and [636 – 637]):

The circumstances which have given rise to the disputes about discovery are
quite exceptional; they are unlikely to recur in any other case and, for that
reason, _they do not in my view provide a suitable opportunity for any general
disquisition_ _by this House upon the principles of law applicable to the
discovery of documents_.

…

In dismissing the subsidiaries appeal _on its own special facts_ , I expressly
decline any invitation to roam any further into the general law of discovery.
In particular, I say nothing about one-man companies in which a natural person
and/or his nominees are the sole shareholders and directors. It may be that,
depending upon their own particular facts, different considerations may apply
to these.

[emphasis added].

20 In _Lonrho_ , the applicant had wanted discovery of the documents in the
possession of Shell Petroleum’s (and BP’s) subsidiaries in Rhodesia and South
Africa. The House of Lords had to decide whether the fact that Shell Petroleum
and BP could alter the articles of association of their subsidiaries to grant
themselves the legal entitlement to obtain relevant documents in the
possession of the subsidiaries and sub-subsidiaries, had meant that Shell
Petroleum and BP have “power” over the relevant documents (at [636]):

…Shell Mocambique’s documents are not in my opinion within the “power” of
either of Shell or B.P. within the meaning of R.S.C., Ord. 24. They could only
be brought within their power either (1) by taking steps to alter the articles
of association of Consolidated and procuring Consolidated through its own
board of directors to take steps to alter the articles of association of Shell
Mocambique, which Order 24 does not require them to do; or (2) by obtaining
the voluntary consent of the board of Shell Mocambique to let them take copies
of the documents. It may well be that such consent could be obtained; but
Shell and B.P. are not required by Order 24 to seek it, any more than a
natural person is obliged to ask a close relative or anyone else who is
stranger to the suit to provide him with copies of documents in the ownership
and possession of that other person, however likely he might be to comply
voluntarily with the request if it were made.

21 While Lord Diplock’s conception of “power” under Order 24 would, in
general, hinge upon the question of whether the producing party (the party
whom the discovery application is made against) has a presently enforceable
legal right to obtain the relevant documents, it is evident that His
Lordship’s analysis above would be consistent with an understanding of “power”
based on the _degree of control_ that Shell Petroleum and BP have in accessing
and obtaining the relevant documents from the subsidiaries and sub-
subsidiaries. Shell Petroleum and BP could not be said to have the sufficient
degree of control over the documents if the only way in which they could have
access to the documents were, either by altering the articles of association
of the subsidiary company or by procuring the board of the subsidiary company
to alter the articles of association of the sub-subsidiary company, or if it
depended upon the voluntary consent of the sub-subsidiary company which has
possession over the documents. In other words, the disclosure obligations
under Order 24 did not require the producing party to go to such lengths to
produce documents _so far outside of its control_. There is some suggestion
that this was indeed the English Court of Appeal’s understanding of the
circumstances in which Shell Petroleum and BP can be said to have “power” over
the documents, i.e, the expression of “ _power_ ” was analysed in the realm of
“ _control_ ”, where Lord Denning MR said in _Lonrho Ltd v. Shell Petroleum_
[1980] 1 QB 358 at [371]:

… to my mind, a great deal **_depends on the facts of each individual case_**.
For instance, take the case of a one-man company, where one man is the
shareholder – perhaps holding 99% of the shares, and his wife holding 1% -
where perhaps he is the sole director. In those circumstances _, his_**
_control over that company may be so complete – his "power" over it so
complete_** – that it is his alter ego. …But in the case of multi-national
companies, it is important to realise that their position with regard to their
subsidiaries is very different from the position of one-man companies.

[emphasis in bold italics added].

22 A similar approach was adopted by Shaw LJ (at [375 – 376]):

… I have come to view that a document can be said to be in the power of a
party for the purposes of disclosure only if, at the time and in the situation
which obtains at the date of discovery, that party is, _on the_** _factual
realities of the case virtually in possession_** (as with a one-man company in
relation to documents of the company) _or otherwise_ has a present
indefeasible legal right to demand possession from the person in whose
possession or control it is at that time.

…

There are no doubt situations, such as existed in _B v B_ (Matrimonial
Proceedings: Discovery) [1978] Fam 181, where on the established facts a
company is so utterly subservient or subordinated to the will and the wishes
of some other person (whether an individual or a parent company) that
compliance with that other person's demands can be regarded as assured.
**_Each case must depend upon its own facts and also upon the nature_** ,
**_degree and context of the control_** it is sought to exercise.

[emphasis in bold italics added].

23 This emphasis on “control” was echoed in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Re Tecnion Investments Ltd_ [1985] BCLC 434 (“ _Re Tecnion_ ”),
decided about 5 years after the House of Lords decision of _Lonrho_. In _Re
Tecnion_ , a petitioner, who was a minority shareholder in a company, had
commenced proceedings against the majority shareholders on the allegation that
they have diverted business from the company to five other entities that the
majority shareholders have interests in. The petitioner sought discovery
against the majority shareholders for documents in the possession and custody
of these three entities. The Court of Appeal suggested that discovery could be
ordered if these five entities were under the “ _unfettered control_ ” of the
majority shareholders so as to be their “ _alter egos_ ”.

24 Following from the above, the recent English Court of Appeal decision of
_North Shore Ventures Limited v. Anstead Holdings Inc._ [2012] EWCA Civ 11 (“
_North Shore Ventures_ ”) illustrates that a rigid adherence to Lord Diplock’s
perceived definition of “power” as an “enforceable legal right to obtain
documents” should give way to a more flexible contextual analysis. In that
case, the claimant had granted a loan to the defendant, and the defendant’s
assets were subsequently transferred to various trusts set up by the
guarantors of the loan, under which the guarantors were discretionary
beneficiaries. The claimant sought discovery against the guarantors under,
_inter alia_ , Civil Procedure Rule (“CPR”) 31.8, the successor of Order 24,
for documents relating to the trusts. CPR 31.8 provides:

(1) A party's duty to disclose documents is limited to documents which are or
have been in his control.

(2) For this purpose a party has or has had a document in his control if –

(a) it is or was in his physical possession;

(b) he has or has had a **_right to possession_** of it; or

(c) he has or has had a **_right to inspect or take copies_** of it.

[emphasis in bold italics added].

25 It was not in dispute that the documents were not in the guarantors’
possession. The guarantors contended that the trustees had removed them as
beneficiaries, such that they did not have the relevant documents under their
control. Floyd J allowed the application at the High Court. The court adopted
a practical approach in finding that the guarantors were so closely connected
in the setting up the trusts, and with the beneficiaries of the trust (who
were the guarantors’ wives and children), that they were in a practical
position to obtain and produce the documents sought for. On appeal, it was
argued that Floyd J had misdirected himself to the meaning of control, in
taking the wrong view that documents were within the producing party’s control
if he was in a _position to obtain the documents_ , or had the _ability_ to
obtain the documents or copies thereof (see _North Shore Ventures_ at [22]).
The House of Lords decision of _Lonrho_ was relied upon as authority to
support the submission made on appeal that, with regard to the meaning of
“control” under CPR 31.8, a document which is not in a party’s physical
possession cannot be said to be within his control unless he has a currently
enforceable legal right to obtain the documents or copies thereof (see _North
Shore Ventures_ at [23]).

26 The English Court of Appeal decided that “[w]hether Floyd J had
jurisdiction to make the [discovery] order … depends on what conclusion he was
properly entitled to draw on the material before him as to the _true nature of
the relationship_ between the [guarantors] and the trustees” [emphasis added]
(see _North Shore Ventures_ at [37]). The English Court of Appeal refused to
accept a narrow understanding of “control”, and rejected counsel’s submission
that the expression was confined by _Lonrho_ to only refer to a legal right to
possession or a legal right to obtain copies (at [40]):

… even if there were on a strict legal view no "right to possession", for
example, because the parties to the arrangement caused the documents to be
held in a jurisdiction whose laws would preclude the physical possessor from
handing them over to the party at whose behest he was truly acting, it would
be open to the English court in such circumstances to find that **_as a matter
of fact_** the documents were nevertheless within the control of that party
within the meaning of CPR 31.8(1).

[emphasis in bold italics added].

27 The English Court of Appeal had essentially adopted a contextual approach
in analysing the relationship between the producing party and the third party
in possession of the documents. The fact that the guarantors had no legal
right to obtain possession of the documents held by the trustees, did not bar
the court from finding, as _a matter of fact_ , that they have control over
such documents. In the end, Floyd J’s finding that the guarantors had control
over such documents as they were in a position which granted them the
_practical ability_ to obtain the documents, was upheld. The court in
_Schlumberger Holdings Ltd v. Electromagnetic Geoservices AS_ [2008] EWHC 56
at [21], adopted the same approach, where, although the expression “practical
ability” to obtain the documents was not actually used, this was the very
basis of the court’s finding that the producing party has _control_ over the
documents. The factual evidence revealed that the company in question had, as
shown by its past conduct, routine access to the documents in the possession
of other companies in the same group, and the court found this to be a
sufficient basis for deciding that the company has control over the documents.

28 In a similar vein, this contextual approach that takes into consideration
not only the legal right to obtain documents, but also the practical ability
to do so, can be found in the U.S. decisions, such as that of _re NTL
Securities Litigation_ 244 F.R.D. 179 (S.D. N.Y. 2007) (“ _NTL Securities_ ”).
The plaintiffs had commenced proceedings against NTL Inc for violations of
federal securities laws. NTL Inc subsequently went into bankruptcy, and two
companies were set up. NTL Europe was set up as the successor of NTL Inc, and
to replace the company in the law suit. A separate second company known as New
NTL was established, and it became the surviving operational company with
control of the assets that previously belonged to NTL Inc. The plaintiffs made
a request for discovery against NTL Europe pursuant to Rule 34(a) of the
Federal Rules of the Civil Procedure, which allows a party to serve on any
other party to the litigation a request for documents in that party’s
possession, custody or control. NTL Europe denied that it has control over the
documents in New NTL’s possession. The court held that (at [59] – [60]):

'control' does not require that the party have legal ownership or actual
physical possession of the documents at issue; rather, documents are
considered to be under a party's control when that party has the _right,
authority, or practical ability_ to obtain the documents from a non-party to
the action. [emphasis added]

29 The court examined the contextual relationship between the producing party,
NTL Europe, and the third party that was in possession of the relevant
documents, New NTL. It found that NTL Europe had the legal right to obtain the
documents due to a document sharing clause in an agreement between the parties
which made it clear that New NTL was to make available to NTL Europe “any
documents that it needed to comply with its legal obligations, such as [the
attendant] lawsuit”, (see _NTL Securities_ at [61]). More significantly, the
court held that, even without this document sharing agreement which gave NTL
Europe the legal right to obtain the documents, the discovery application will
be allowed as it has been shown that NTL Europe has the practical ability to
obtain documents from New NTL, including its emails (see _NTL Securities_ at
[65]). The CEO of NTL Europe gave evidence that “whenever there was a document
that [NTL Europe] needed [from New NTL], [they] would call [New NTL] and ask
if they had it, and if they had it, they’d send it” (see _NTL Securities_ at
[62]).

30 The emphasis on the producing party’s _legal right_ to obtain documents was
accorded its due consideration in _NTL Securities_. However, as shown in the
U.S. court’s contextual analysis of the relationship between the producing
party and the third party in possession of the documents, that may not
necessarily be the _only factor_ to determine whether the producing party has
control of the documents sought to be discovered.

31 The approach in _NTL Securities_ was adopted in _Goodman v. Praxiar
Services Inc_ , 632 F. Supp. 2d 494, 515 (D. Md. 2009) (“ _Goodman_ ”), where
the court found that the applicant had failed to show “the existence of facts
that would demonstrate a relationship between [the party purported to have
control over the documents] and [the party in possession of the documents]
comparable to the cooperative, file-sharing relationship between NTL Europe
and New NTL”.

32 In _Flagg v. City of Detroit_ , 252 F.R.D. 346, 353 (E.D.Mich. 2008), the
question before the court was whether the text messages sent by the employees
of the City of Detroit (“the City”), which were kept in a system maintained by
a third party vendor, can be said to be within the City’s control. The court
examined the relationship between the City and the third party, and found that
the City had “control” over the electronic information kept by the third
party; the examination of the relationship between the parties revealed that
the City could withhold consent to the production of the data, and the court
made a determination of fact that the City equally had the ability to consent
to the production of the data as well.

33 Such a contextual approach may take the form expressed by the court in _Ice
Corp v. Hamilton Sundstrand Corp_ , 245 F.R.D. 513, 518 (D. Kan. 2007), where
multiple factors are considered and balanced, such as; who had access to the
documents; how the documents were used; who had generated, acquired or
maintained the documents; the extent to which the documents serve the
producing party or third party’s interests; any evidence of transfer of
ownership or title of the documents; and the ability of the producing party to
obtain the documents upon request. The fact intensive nature of this inquiry
is also reflected in other U.S. decisions, such as that of _Mercy Catholic
Medical Center v. Thompson_ , 380 F. 3d 142, 160 (3d Cir. 2004), and
_Bifferato v. States Marine Corp._ , 11 F.R.D. 44, 46 (S.D.N.Y. 1951), where
the courts examined the factual relationship between the producing party and
the third party in possession of the documents; as well as the decision of
_Am. Rock Salt Co. v. Norfolk S. Corp_., 228 F.R.D. 426, 460 (W.D.N.Y. 2005),
where the court determined from the documents that were already disclosed by
the producing party, as well as the information contained in the producing
party’s website, that the producing party has, as a matter of fact, routinely
accessed documents held in the possession of third parties.

The Decision

34 Analogous to the approach adopted in the decisions discussed above, it is
clear to this court that the question of whether a producing party has “power”
over documents in the possession and custody of a third party is necessarily a
_fact intensive exercise_ which requires a contextual and nuanced appreciation
of the relationship between the producing party and the third party in
possession and custody of the documents. As can be seen from the discussion
above at ([24] – [33]), this approach was adopted in decisions which dealt
with the disclosure obligations under rules which use the expression “control”
and not “power”. Nonetheless, the fact that Order 24 in the Singapore Rules of
Court uses the expression “power” instead of “control” does not make it any
less important for the court to examine the _contextual relationship_ between
the producing party and the third party in possession of the documents. As
shown at ([21] – [23]) above, the English Court of Appeal in both _Lonrho_ and
_Re Tecnion_ examined the expression “power” in the realm of “ _control_ ”.
Significantly, although CPR 31.8 uses the expression “control” and not “power”
(see [24] above), as the latter expression is used in Order 24 of the English
Rules of the Supreme Court as well as that in the Singapore Rules of Court,
the English Court of Appeal in _North Shore Ventures_ expressly opined that
the treatment given by the English Court of Appeal in _Lonrho_ to the
expression “power”, would not have been different from the English Court of
Appeal’s understanding of “control” in _North Shore Ventures_ (at [34] –
[36]):

There is some tension between the different passages … from the speech of Lord
Diplock in _Lonrho v Shell_. On the one hand he gave a definition of the
expression "power" in the phrase "possession, custody or power"; on the other
hand he indicated that he regarded the facts of the case as so exceptional
that it was not an appropriate occasion for "a general disquisition", and he
expressly declined to say anything about one-man companies beyond commenting
that "depending upon their own particular facts, different considerations may
apply to these".

If one asks the question what "different considerations" may apply in the case
of the one-man company, the answer lies in the fact that a person with such
domination over a company has or is likely to have the real say whether to
produce the document. To obtain the "consent" of the company requires
obtaining the consent of himself and no one else.

We do not have to decide whether in such a case the documents would have been
within the power of the owner/controller of the company for the purposes of
RSC Order 24, rule 2(1), although Lord Denning and Shaw LJ [in the Court of
Appeal decision in _Lonrho_] would have given an affirmative answer, for we
are concerned with CPR 71.2 and 31.8. _The word "control" was not used in RSC
Order 24 rule 2(1), but_** _as a matter of ordinary English_** _it would be
apt to describe the type of case which_** _Lord Denning and Shaw LJ_** [in the
Court of Appeal decision in _Lonrho_] **_had in mind_** _._

[emphasis in italics and bold italics added]

35 The conception of “power” under Order 24 of the Singapore Rules of Court
cannot be understood in a vacuum, and must necessarily be considered in light
of the facts at hand. As expounded in _Lonrho_ , a party can be found to have
power over the documents in the hands of a third party if it has an
enforceable legal right to obtain possession of those documents. Whether the
party has that legal right may, of course, be proved by evidence, such as the
proof of a document sharing agreement between a cloud user and a cloud
provider. However, in so far as the inquiry is _essentially_ a _factual one_ ,
that would not be the _only way_ in which Order 24 contemplates that a party
may be shown to have power over documents in the possession of third parties.
A party found to have no presently enforceable legal right to obtain
possession of the documents held by a third party would not necessarily
conclude the question of whether that party has power over those documents.
Where an examination of the relationship between the producing party and the
third party reveals that the former has the _practical ability_ to access or
obtain documents held in the possession of the third party, and _having regard
to the_ _context_ in which that practical ability is found, the producing
party may indeed be found to have the _sufficient degree of control_ that
falls within the conception of “power” as contemplated under Order 24 of the
Singapore Rules of Court.

36 One must, however, be careful not to _equate_ the practical ability to
access documents with _having power_ over those documents such as to
automatically render the party subject to a discovery order. While the
practical ability to access documents may be one measure to determine the
_factual inquiry_ of whether one has power over the documents, it does not
mean that a party with the practical ability to access documents would, _no
matter the factual circumstances_ , have power over those documents.
Sufficient regard must be accorded to the _context_ in which the practical
ability is found, and as said above, this requires a nuanced appreciation of
the _relationship_ between the producing party and the third party in
possession of the documents. An employee who works in an obscure department in
a company, and _who just so happens_ to have access to electronic documents
stored in that company’s cloud network, but who is not in the least remotely
connected to the dispute in question, may not arguably be said to have _power_
over the documents. Likewise, a party who can hack into a database may have
the practical ability to _access_ to the documents stored therein, but it is
questionable if the Singapore Rules of Court contemplates such a situation as
constituting “power” over the documents. It is significant that such parties
may not be able to make meaningful discovery, for it is unlikely that they
would be in a position to know what are the documents which could adversely
affect the producing party case, or documents which could adversely affect or
support the discovering party’s case. Nor would it be likely that they could
make proper objections to discovery based on privilege.

37 Furthermore, where a party has shown from its past practice or course of
dealing that it routinely obtains consent from a third party to access and
obtain documents, and hence is in a position with the “practical ability” to
obtain the documents, it may not _necessarily_ have power over the documents,
especially if the third party has the real say over whether to confer consent
or not, and when it can be shown that such consent may no longer be granted.
As opined by the court in _Chaveriat v. Williams Pipe Line Co_ , 11 F3d 1420,
1427 (7th Cir 1993) 32, “the fact that a party could obtain a document if it
tried hard enough and maybe if it didn’t try hard at all does not mean that
the document is in its possession, custody or control; in fact, it means the
opposite.” Notably, the court in _Goodman_ (at reference note 11 of the
decision) expressed its reservations on a straightforward application of any
test based on the producing party’s practical ability to obtain the documents,
and was acutely aware of the inadequacies of finding the presence of control
from the _mere fact_ that the producing party had been able to obtain
documents from a third party due to the cooperation given to past requests for
documents. The court preferred the broader contextual approach used by the
court in _NTL Securities_ , which takes into consideration both the legal
right and practical ability to obtain documents, while examining the whole
relationship between the producing party and the third party in possession of
the documents.

38 In the present case, the defendants did not deny nor dispute, on affidavit
and in the submissions before me, the plaintiffs’ assertion that they have
practical access to the emails from their email accounts with Euro-Locks &
Lowe & Fletcher Ltd. The emails exhibited in Teo Cher Koon’s (the managing
director of Dirak Asia and director of Suzhou Dirak) affidavit of 27 August
2012 (see pages 29 and 30, and 43 to 52) reveal that the defendants have
routine access to their email accounts in the course of their employment.
Instead of adducing evidence to show that the defendants’ practical access to
their email accounts with Euro-Locks & Lowe & Fletcher Ltd has been or will be
terminated, the plaintiffs’ position was in fact reinforced by the admissions
made in the defendants’ respective affidavits. Chew admitted that the Euro-
locks email account is assigned to him for the purpose of his employment with
his present employer, Euro-Locks & Lowe & Fletcher Ltd (see para [4] of Chew’s
7 September 2012 affidavit). This is reiterated in Soo’s 14 September 2012
affidavit that his Euro-locks email account is assigned by his present
employer to him (at para [16]). In fact, Soo’s assertions at paragraphs [18]
to [21] showed that customers had routinely contacted him at that email
address during the course of his employment. Based on the evidence before me,
this is a case where the employer has provided each defendant with a work
email account in which they have ready and easy access on a routine basis to
their emails, as and when their work requires so in the course of their
employment. The strong degree of _control_ over the emails is evident; the
defendants’ _practical ability_ to access these documents in the course of
their employment could _readily translate into actual possession_ , either by
saving a soft copy of the email in their storage devices, or by keeping a
printed hard copy of the email. In these circumstances, I found that the
defendants have power over the emails in their email accounts with Euro-Locks
& Lowe & Fletcher Ltd.

39 I am also of the view that the emails sought for are relevant and necessary
for the fair disposal of the case. As shown in the thread of emails exhibited
in Teo Cher Koon’s affidavit of 27 August 2012 (at pages 29 and 30, and 43 to
52), Chew has been using his email account with Euro-Locks & Lowe & Fletcher
Ltd to deal with requests for purchases made by Dirak Asia’s customers, such
as Dirak Taiwan. The thread of emails and invoice attachments from the emails
also revealed that Soo has been using his email account with Euro-Locks & Lowe
& Fletcher Ltd to sell products (for example, gaskets) which had been produced
using Dirak Asia’s confidential designs and specifications. On the other hand,
Chew’s reply affidavit dated 7 September 2012 states a mere assertion, without
any elaboration, that the emails sought for are not relevant. Also, Soo’s
reply affidavit of 14 September 2012 had dedicated a substantial portion to
disputing the merits of the substantive dispute at hand, the resolution of
which is not within the jurisdiction of the present court, and had failed to
discharge its burden of showing that the documents sought for are irrelevant
or unnecessary.

Conclusion

40 For the reasons above, the application was allowed with costs.

* * *

[note: 1]For more information on the discovery and inspection of documents
known as “compound documents”, see the decision of _Surface Stone Pte Ltd v.
Tay Seng Leon and another_ [2011] SGHC 223.

[note: 2]See David D. Cross and Emily Kuwahara, _E-Discovery and Cloud
Computing: Control of ESI in the Cloud_ (EDDE Journal, Spring 2010, Vol 1,
Issue 2) at page 2.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jan 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

