Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  DHL Global Forwarding (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd _v_ Mactus (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd and
others  
[2013] SGHC 170

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 351 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeal No 276
of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 September 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ian Lim Wei Loong, Freddie Lim ShaoChun and Joanna Goh
(TSMP Law Corporation) for the plaintiff/judgment creditor; Timothy Tan Thye
Hoe and Thoulase Venga (Asialegal LLC) for the third defendant/judgment
debtor.  
Parties| :|  DHL Global Forwarding (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd — Mactus (Malaysia) Sdn
Bhd and others  
  
9 September 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an application by the judgment creditor to enforce a Malaysian
judgment in Singapore under the Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth
Judgments Act (Cap 264, Rev Ed 1985) (“RECJA”). The third defendant/ judgment
debtor (the appellant in this registrar’s appeal) in the Malaysian suit
applied to have the registration order set aside. The parties were heard
before the Assistant Registrar (“the AR”), who subsequently dismissed the
application for setting aside. The third defendant is now appealing the AR’s
decision.

2 The third defendant is the main shareholder and director of both the first
and second defendants. Under the Malaysian judgment (“the judgment”), a
settlement sum of RM750,000.00 (or S$304,383.12) was to be paid by the first
defendant. The second and third defendants gave personal guarantees to pay the
settlement sum. The terms were recorded in a consent judgment dated 26
February 2013.

3 Mr Timothy Tan (“Mr Tan”), counsel for the third defendant offered a
plethora of reasons why the registration should be set aside: First, the
English version of the judgment sought to be enforced is unenforceable in
Malaysia; second, the judgment was procured by fraud; third, registration
under the RECJA is not permitted where there is no admission of liability;
fourth, the judgment creditor is not a judgment creditor as he is not the
payee; fifth, the third defendant judgment debtor is not a judgment debtor as
he is only a guarantor of the first defendant; sixth, the Malaysian Court had
no jurisdiction over the matter as it required non-parties to the suit to make
payment of and guarantee the judgment sum; seventh, the judgment was not a
money judgment as it contained a penal notice; eighth, there was material non-
disclosure during the _ex parte_ application for enforcement of the judgment.

4 None of these reasons are sufficient to set aside the registration of the
judgment. The process of registration under s 3(1) of the RECJA and O 67 of
the Rules of Court is a formal one; whether it is “just and equitable” for a
judgment to be registered does not depend on the correctness of the judgment.
Thus, s 3(2) of the RECJA provides for a judgment _not_ to be registered in
situations where certain formal elements of the judgment are lacking. The
court’s approach toward registration is a light touch approach. In practice,
the default is to permit registration of foreign judgments unless certain
formal features are missing. As observed by the Court of Appeal in _Yong Tet
Miaw v MBF Finance Bhd_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 549 (AT [31]) and Woo Bih Li J in
_Global Distressed Alpha Fund I Ltd Partnership v PT Bakrie Investindo_ [2013]
2 SLR 228 (at [20]), the court will set aside the registration of a foreign
judgment “only where it is practicable and required by the interests of
justice”.

5 I now refer to the grounds for setting aside raised by the third defendant.
First, whether the judgment is a judgment for the purposes of s 2(1) of the
RECJA. If the judgment is indeed unenforceable, then it does not fall within
the definition of a judgment in s 2(1) of the RECJA. Both the English and
Malay version were sealed by the Malaysian Court and registered in Singapore.
At the invitation of the AR, the judgment creditor’s Malaysian solicitors
deposed an affidavit on 31 July 2013 verifying that both versions were equally
binding on the judgment debtors under Malaysian law. The third defendant
obtained his own expert. The third defendant’s expert deposed that an
enforceable judgment is one which bears the court seal and an English version
“by itself” will not be enforceable as it is a translation which does not bear
the court seal. Upon closer examination, it was apparent to me that _both_
judgments bore the Malaysian court seal and both were registered together.
There is nothing in either expert opinion that indicates that this was an
unenforceable judgment. Accordingly, the enforceability of the English version
is not a ground for setting aside the registration order.

6 It was also clear to me that both the Malay and English versions refer to
the same payee. The word “DHL” was omitted from the Malay version, which named
the payee as “Global Forwarding (Singapore) Pte Ltd” instead of “DHL Global
Forwarding (Singapore) Pte Ltd”. There is no company known as “Global
Forwarding (Singapore) Pte Ltd”. The judgment creditor’s Malaysian solicitors
had also deposed that this was a typographical error and this was not disputed
in the hearing before me. This is the only purported discrepancy between the
versions. It is not a material discrepancy as described by Mr Tan. This error
does not make the English version unenforceable.

7 Second, whether the judgment was procured by fraud. This would disqualify it
from being registered under s 2(3)(d) of the RECJA. There was no evidence
before me that the judgment was procured by fraud. Counsel for the third
defendant, Mr Tan argued that the original settlement agreement reached
between the parties (“the terms document”) was different from the judgment
eventually extracted and this, he claimed, meant that the judgment creditors
had tampered with terms of settlement and extracted a materially different
order. Both documents were in evidence before me. The only differences between
the judgment and the terms document were:

1\. the exact SGD equivalent of the RM money sum is included in the judgment
but is only stated in the terms document as an SGD sum equivalent to the RM
sum; and

2\. the payee name is stated in the judgment but not in the terms document.

Neither of these is a material discrepancy, nor are they sufficient evidence
of fraud on the judgment debtors. The payment of a sum of RM750,000 would be
required under both the terms document and the judgment. This was the core of
what was agreed between the parties. Moreover, the third defendant’s Malaysian
solicitors were present when the judgment was extracted from the Malaysian
court and would have been able to object to anything which differed from the
parties’ agreement. Their failure to object indicates to me that there was no
fraud. Fraud is a serious allegation that requires a high standard of proof in
the average case. This is no different; the third defendant bears a heavy
burden of proof in an allegation of fraud and he has not discharged this
burden.

8 Third, whether registration under the RECJA is not permitted where the
judgment is a consent judgment. This argument is a clear non-starter. Section
2(1) of the RECJA permits registration of “any judgment or order… enforceable
in the same manner as a judgment given by a court in that place.” It does not
distinguish between a consent judgment without admission of liability and any
other type of judgment. Section 2(1) was clearly intended to adopt a broad
interpretation of the word “judgment”. It may be that the judgment creditor is
not permitted to rely on the judgment to argue that the issue of liability is
_res judicata_ between the parties. However, this does not affect registration
which is a purely formal process. Registration may be refused under s 3(2)(b)
of the RECJA if a party has not agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of that
court. In this case, the third defendant has not only agreed to submit to the
Malaysian court’s jurisdiction but has in fact consented specifically to the
terms of the judgment extracted. The fact that the judgment was obtained by
consent only strengthens the case for registration. The third defendant cannot
be permitted to agree to terms before a Malaysian court only to resist its
enforcement in the place where his assets are found.

9 Fourth, whether the judgment creditor was really a judgment creditor. The
definition of judgment creditor in s 2(1) of the RECJA is also clear. It means
“the person by whom the judgment was obtained” and his successors. The
judgment creditor was the plaintiff in the Malaysian suit. It is not disputed
that the judgment was obtained by him with the consent and agreement of the
defendant in the Malaysian suit. Who was to be paid the settlement sum was a
term of the judgment rather than an attempt to change the parties in the suit
– it does not change the nature of the judgment creditor’s claim for
enforcement.

10 Fifth, whether the judgment debtor was really a judgment debtor. A judgment
debtor, as defined in s 2(1) of the RECJA, is any person “against whom the
judgment was given”. The third defendant personally guaranteed the settlement
sum and took notice that he would “be liable to the process of execution for
the purpose of compelling you to obey the same”. The judgment was clearly
directed at the third defendant. Whether or not his liability under the
judgment was conditional or unconditional does not change the fact that
judgment was given against him. In my view, there is no doubt that the third
defendant was a judgment debtor.

11 Sixth, whether the Malaysian court acted without jurisdiction. Mactus Pte
Ltd and Mactus International Pte Ltd are liable under the judgment to pay the
settlement sum, along with the third defendant. The third defendant claims
that these two companies are non-parties to the Malaysian suit and that the
Malaysian court had no jurisdiction over them. The third defendant is the sole
shareholder and director of Mactus Pte Ltd and Mactus International Pte Ltd
(directly and through another of his Mactus companies). It is clear on the
face of the judgment that the third defendant was being made liable in the
judgment and there is no dispute that the Malaysian court had jurisdiction
over the third defendant. The payment through Mactus Pte Ltd and Mactus
International Pte Ltd can more properly be described as the vehicle through
which the third defendant must make payment and not an example of the
Malaysian court acting outside of its jurisdiction. Even if this were not so,
the judgment is presently sought to be enforced against the third defendant,
in relation to whom there is no question of jurisdiction.

12 Seventh, whether the penal notice attached to the judgment changes its
nature from a money judgment to a penal judgment. I do not think the inclusion
of the penal notice changes anything. In fact, I do not think that the
description “penal notice” is even an accurate one. This notice reads as
follows:

_INDORSEMENT PURSUANT TO ORDER 45 RULE 7 OF THE RULES OF COURT 2012_

If you, Tan Swee Leon (Singapore Passport No. [xxx]), the abovenamed 3rd
defendant, disobey this Judgment, you will be liable to the process of
execution for the purpose of compelling you to obey the same.

13 Order 45 rule 7 of the Malaysian Rules of Court 2012 is _in pari materia_
with O 45 r 7 of our Rules of Court. It governs the service of copy of
judgment or order prerequisite to enforcement under O 45 r 5. In other words,
it governs the formal requirements of an order which, if disobeyed, may lead
to committal for contempt of court. Every person who does not obey a court
order opens himself up to committal proceedings for disobeying a court order
regardless of whether such a notice is indicated in the judgment. The
inclusion of this notice does not provide any additional penalties. The
judgment still remains a money judgment and is thus enforceable under the
RECJA.

14 Eighth, whether there was material non-disclosure. The alleged non-
disclosure related to the fact that the terms document was not disclosed
before the AR. I find that the non-disclosure of the terms document was not
material; it is the judgment that is material and not the discussions or
negotiations leading up to it. Moreover, as I have already observed, there
were no material discrepancies between the judgment and the terms document.
Both versions of the judgment were before the AR and that was what was
important.

15 It seems to me that the judgment debtor was attempting to use the court
process to avoid his obligation to pay. Counsel for the judgment creditor
pointed out that the third defendant evaded Malaysian court process until he
was threatened with committal proceedings. He then signed this consent
judgment and now seeks to renege on it. I think it would be unjust and
inequitable to permit the judgment debtor to rely on technical arguments which
do not affect the validity of the judgment in order to set aside the
registration of that judgment. It is beyond doubt that permitting registration
is the “just and equitable” thing to do. Mr Tan submitted an affidavit after
the last hearing deposing to an application being made in Malaysia to set
aside the Malaysian judgment. In response, Mr Ian Lim (“Mr Lim”), counsel for
the judgment creditor filed an affidavit to support his submission that the
application in Malaysia is doomed to fail because it was out of time. Further,
Mr Lim submitted that an application to set aside is not a relevant ground
unlike a stay pending appeal. I agree with Mr Lim that the proposed
application is irrelevant. The third defendant can similarly apply to set
aside the order in Singapore if he is successful in Malaysia. For the above
reasons, I dismiss the application and will hear parties on cost.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Sep 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

