Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Hia Soo Gan Benson _v_ Public Prosecutor and other matters  
[2013] SGCA 40

Case Number| :| Criminal Motion Nos 76, 78, 79 and 99 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; V K Rajah JA; Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hamidul Haq, Thong Chee Kun, Istyana Putri Ibrahim and
Wong Shi Yun (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the applicant in CM 76 and 78 of 2012;
Harpreet Singh Nehal SC and Jared Chen (WongPartnership LLP) for the applicant
in CM 79 and 99 of 2012; Mark Jayaratnam and Jean Kua (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  HIA SOO GAN BENSON — PUBLIC PROSECUTOR — LIM KOW SENG  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2012] 4 SLR 845.]

15 July 2013|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 These are four related criminal motions filed by two parties – Hia Soo Gan
Benson (“Hia”) and Lim Kow Seng (“Seng”) – who had been committed to be
extradited to the United States of America (“US”) to stand trial. Hia and Seng
(collectively, “the Parties”) had earlier applied to the High Court for an
order for review of detention pursuant to s 417 of the Criminal Procedure Code
2010 (Act No 15 of 2012) (“CPC 2010”) but their applications were dismissed by
the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in _Wong Yuh Lan v Public Prosecutor and
other matters_ [2012] 4 SLR 845 (“the Judgment”). The criminal motions filed
before us pertain to two preliminary issues: firstly, whether this Court has
jurisdiction to hear an appeal against the Judgment; and secondly, whether
leave to refer alleged questions of law of public interest under s 397(1) of
CPC 2010 to this Court should be granted.

2 We heard the Parties and the Prosecution on 6 November 2012. After
considering their submissions, we dismissed all four criminal motions on 9
November 2012 on the basis that the Court of Appeal has no jurisdiction to
hear an appeal against the Judgment and leave should not be granted for the
Parties’ questions of law to be referred to the Court of Appeal under s 397(1)
of CPC 2010. The Parties therefore remained to be extradited to the US. We now
set out the detailed reasons for our decision.

Facts

3 In late 2010, the US made a requisition to the Minister for Law (“the
Minister”) for the extradition of Lim Yong Nam (“Nam”), Seng, Hia and Wong Yuh
Lan (“Wong”) (collectively, “the Applicants”) to the US to stand trial. The
requisition was made pursuant to the United States of America (Extradition)
Order in Council, 1935 (Cap 103, OR 1) which contains the extradition treaty
between Singapore and the US (“the Singapore-US Treaty”). The US District
Court issued warrants of arrest against the Applicants on 15 September 2010
for 12 counts of conduct (“the Superseding Indictment”). Not all counts of
conduct, however, were proceeded with by the Attorney-General’s Chambers
(“AGC”) in Singapore.

4 AGC on behalf of the State sought the committal of Wong and Nam only for
Count One of the Superseding Indictment for conspiracy to defraud the US by
dishonest means under Title 18 United States Code Section 371. Wong and Nam
were accused of conspiring with various individuals and companies to defraud
the US by exporting modules from a company in the US, Company A (“Company A
modules”) to Iran _via_ Singapore. The US complained that this breached US
export restrictions against unauthorised shipment of US-origin goods from a
third country to Iran.

5 As against the Parties (see above at [1]), AGC sought their committal only
in respect of Count Eight, also pursuant to Title 18 United States Code
Section 371. In Count Eight, the Parties were accused of being part of a
separate scheme to cause antennae which were classified as “defense articles”
under US law to be exported without a licence. Between July and September
2007, batches of antennae were shipped from the US to Hong Kong. The US
accused the Parties of conspiring _via_ e-mail with individuals based in the
US to procure the antennae in violation of US export regulations.

6 At the committal proceeding in the Subordinate Courts (in _In the Matter of
Wong Yuh Lan, Lim Yong Nam, Lim Kow Seng & Hia Soo Gan Benson_ [2012] SGDC
34), the District Judge (“DJ”) committed the Applicants to custody on 10
February 2012 to await the warrant of the Minister for their surrender. In
response, the Applicants filed originating summonses pursuant to O 54 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”) in the High Court
requesting for an order for review of detention (previously known as a writ of
_habeas corpus_) to be issued forthwith or for directions that a summons for
the order for review of detention be issued. Order 54 r 2 of the ROC states:

**Power of Court to whom ex parte application made (O. 54, r. 2)**

2.—(1) The Judge to whom an application under Rule 1 is made may —

(_a_) make an Order for Review of Detention forthwith; or

(_b_) direct that a summons for the Order for Review of Detention be issued.

…

7 On 23 February 2012, the Judge granted the Applicants leave for summonses
for an order for review of detention to be issued. Further hearings then took
place before the Judge on the legality of the Applicants’ detention.
Subsequently, a question arose as to whether the summonses for an order for
review of detention should have been filed as criminal motions under CPC 2010,
as opposed to originating summonses under O 54 of the ROC. The Judge noted
that the proper procedure would have been for criminal motions to be filed
instead. The Applicants duly filed their individual criminal motions (_ie_ ,
CM 63/2012, CM 65/2012, CM 66/2012 and CM 67/2012) prior to the release of the
Judgment.

Decision Below

8 In the Judgment, the Judge allowed the applications of Wong and Nam (_ie_ ,
CM 63/2012 and CM 66/2012 respectively), holding that their detentions were
unlawful and that they were to be released forthwith; but dismissed the
applications of the Parties (_ie_ , CM 65/2012 and CM 67/2012). The portions
of the Judgment which are relevant to the background of the present
applications are summarised as follows.

9 The Judge first laid down the conditions which must be satisfied before the
Applicants could be committed to await the Minister’s warrant for surrender to
the US (see the Judgment at [5]):

(a) the Applicants must be “fugitives” as defined under s 2 of the Extradition
Act (Cap 103, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Extradition Act 2000”) read with Art 1 of the
Singapore-US Treaty (“Condition 1”);

(b) the act or omission constituting the offence in Count One and Count Eight
must constitute an offence in Singapore, had it taken place here (_ie_ , the
double criminality principle must be satisfied) (“Condition 2”);

(c) the offence made out by the Applicants’ conduct must fall under one of the
categories of offences listed in Art 3 of the Singapore-US Treaty (“Condition
3”); and

(d) the committing magistrate must be satisfied on the evidence adduced that
the Applicants were liable to be surrendered to the US (“Condition 4”).

10 The bulk of the Judgment centred on Condition 2 – _ie_ , whether the acts
constituting the offences in Count One and Count Eight respectively could be
said to constitute offences in Singapore, namely, abetment by conspiracy to
cheat under s 415 read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the PC”). Sections 107, 109 and 415 of the PC provide as follows:

**Abetment of the doing of a thing**

**107**. A person abets the doing of a thing who —

...

(_b_) engages with one or more other person or persons in any conspiracy for
the doing of that thing, if an act or illegal omission takes place in
pursuance of that conspiracy, and in order to the doing of that thing; or

...

...

**Punishment of abetment if the act abetted is committed in consequence, and
where no express provision is made for its punishment**

**109**. Whoever abets any offence shall, if the act abetted is committed in
consequence of the abetment, and no express provision is made by this Code for
the punishment of such abetment, be punished with the punishment provided for
the offence.

...

**Cheating**

**415**. Whoever, by deceiving any person, whether or not such deception was
the sole or main inducement, fraudulently or dishonestly induces the person so
deceived to deliver any property to any person, or to consent that any person
shall retain any property, or intentionally induces the person so deceived to
do or omit to do anything which he would not do or omit to do if he were not
so deceived, and which act or omission causes or is likely to cause damage or
harm to any person in body, mind, reputation or property, is said to “cheat”.

11 Essentially, Wong and Nam were released because the Judge was of the view
that the offence in Count One _did not_ constitute an offence in Singapore;
whereas the Parties remained to be committed for extradition because Count
Eight, in the Judge’s view, constituted an offence in Singapore when the facts
were transposed accordingly.

12 In relation to Count Eight, the Judge first set out the undisputed
proposition that an abetment by conspiracy to have controlled goods exported
without a licence would be punishable in Singapore. This is because there are
regulations in Singapore governing the export of goods that can be used for
military purposes, _eg_ , the Strategic Goods (Control) Act (Cap 300, 2003 Rev
Ed) (see the Judgment at [24]).

13 The main argument advanced by counsel for the Parties before the Judge
against Count Eight was _based on extraterritoriality_ , namely, that the acts
allegedly committed by the Parties took place entirely outside the US and the
Singapore courts would not have jurisdiction to try acts of abetment occurring
outside Singapore (had the facts been transposed locally). Counsel argued that
s 109 did not have extraterritorial application until s 108B of the PC came
into force with effect from 1 February 2008. Section 108B of the PC provides:

**Abetment outside Singapore of an offence in Singapore**

**108B**. A person abets an offence within the meaning of this Code who abets
an offence committed in Singapore notwithstanding that any or all of the acts
constituting the abetment were done outside Singapore.

_Prior to 1 February 2008_ (_ie_ , the material period in which the Parties
had allegedly committed the criminal acts), counsel argued that the court
would assume jurisdiction only if the acts of abetment by conspiracy had taken
place in Singapore (see the Judgment at [24] and [26]).

14 The Judge agreed with counsel that s 109 of the PC did not have
extraterritorial application until s 108B of the PC came into force (see the
Judgment at [26]). Critically however, the Judge identified the crux of the
issue to be whether the Parties’ acts of abetment _were indeed committed
outside Singapore_ (had the facts been transposed locally) – _ie_ , whether an
email sent from a person located outside Singapore to a person in Singapore as
a means to engage the latter in a conspiracy could be said to be an act of
abetment by conspiracy that took place in Singapore.

15 The Judge held that it was artificial to regard an act of abetment as
having been committed in Singapore only if the communications had taken place
during a physical meeting in Singapore, as opposed to a phone call, email or
letter from an abettor overseas to a person in Singapore. Relying on the
English Court of Appeal’s decision in _Regina v Baxter_ [1972] 1 QB 1, the
Judge held that acts of abetment in the form of email correspondence sent to
and received by a person in Singapore could be construed as having been
committed within the territorial jurisdiction of Singapore. Therefore, on the
transposed facts alleged by the US (see above at [5]), the Parties’ acts of
abetment would be justiciable in Singapore (see the Judgment at [28]).

16 As for Wong and Nam (_vis-à-vis_ Count One), the Judge understood the US to
be seeking their extradition for their part in a conspiracy to breach US trade
sanctions against the export of goods from the US or provided by a US person
to Iran _via_ Singapore. The Judge held that the essence of the criminality in
Count One _would not_ give rise to an offence in Singapore because Singapore
did not have absolute prohibitions against trade with Iran at the time the
acts in Count One were committed (see the Judgment at [31] and [32]). There
was also no averment in the Superseding Indictment or the supporting
affidavits stating that Company A modules were by nature classified as goods
that required a permit or licence for export, irrespective of the shipment
destination (see the Judgment at [34]). For these reasons, Wong and Nam were
ordered to be released.

17 The Judge then proceeded to hold that Conditions 3 and 4 (see above at [9])
were also satisfied with regards to the Parties. In relation to Condition 4,
the Judge was satisfied that there was sufficient evidence for the DJ’s
findings. The Parties’ defences and their questions as to the weight or
quality of the evidence should thus be left to the trial judge of the
requesting state (_ie_ , the US) to determine (see the Judgment at [39]). In
the result, the applications of the Parties (_ie_ , CM 65/2012 and CM 67/2012)
were dismissed by the Judge and the DJ’s order of committal for extradition
against them remained valid.

The criminal motions before this Court

18 On 17 August 2012, Seng filed an appeal against the Judge’s decision
dismissing his application for an order for review of detention. However, Seng
was then advised by his solicitors that there is an issue as to whether the
law permits an appeal against the Judge’s decision. CM 79/2012 was thus filed
by Seng to petition this Court to rule that it has jurisdiction to hear an
appeal against the Judge’s decision below.

19 This was subsequently made known to Hia whose wife then attempted to file a
notice of appeal on 22 August 2012. However, she was informed by the Registry
that she had exceeded the 14 days’ time limit for filing a notice of appeal
(the last day being 21 August 2012). CM 78/2012 was then filed by Hia to
petition this Court to extend time to allow him to file his notice of appeal
pursuant to s 377(2) of CPC 2010.

20 Earlier, Hia has also filed CM 76/2012 seeking leave to raise two alleged
questions of law of public interest to this Court pursuant to s 397(1) of CPC
2010 (see the questions below at [65]). Just a few days prior to the hearing
before this Court, Seng also filed a criminal motion (_ie_ , CM 99/2012)
requesting for an extension of time to file the application for leave to raise
seven alleged questions of law of public interest to this Court (see the
questions below at [69]).

Issues

21 The two primary issues before this Court were as follows:

(a) did the law permit an appeal by the Parties against the decision of the
Judge to the Court of Appeal (“Issue 1”); and

(b) should leave be granted for the alleged questions of law of public
interest raised by the Parties to be referred to the Court of Appeal (“Issue
2”)?

Our decision

Issue 1: whether an appeal is allowed to the Court of Appeal

22 On the novel issue of whether the Judge’s decision in an order for review
of detention hearing could be appealed against, Seng argued that a right of
appeal existed on the following grounds:[note: 1]

(a) the plain language of s 12(2)(_b_) of the Extradition Act 2000 expressly
contemplated an “appeal” to the “appellate court” against the High Court’s
decision on the legality of a fugitive’s detention;

(b) the application to review the legality of Seng’s detention originated in
the High Court, and the High Court’s decision was thus made as part of its
“original criminal jurisdiction”, satisfying s 29A(2) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”); and

(c) section 422 of CPC 2010, properly understood, did not bar an appeal
against the High Court’s _substantive decision_ as to the legality of Seng’s
detention; it merely prohibited an appeal against the High Court’s “
_preliminary determination”_ on whether or not a substantive review of the
legality of the detention should be conducted.

23 We shall now deal with these grounds _seriatim_.

Section 12(2)(b) of the Extradition Act 2000 did not vest a right of appeal
with the Parties

24 Section 12(2)(_b_) of the Extradition Act 2000 states:

**Surrender of fugitive to foreign State**

…

(2) After —

(a) the expiration of the period referred to in subsection (1); or

(b) if, within that period, an application for an Order for Review of
Detention is made by the prisoner and the court to which the application is
made or, _where an appeal is brought from the decision of that court to
another court_ , the other court does not order that the prisoner be released
— the expiration of the period of 15 days from the date of the decision of the
first-mentioned court _or the appellate court_ , as the case may be,

whichever is the later, the Minister may, in his discretion … order that the
prisoner be delivered into the custody of a person specified in the warrant
and be conveyed by that person to a place in the foreign State … and there
surrendered to some person appointed by the foreign State to receive him.

...

[emphasis added]

25 Counsel for Seng, Mr Harpreet Singh SC (“Mr Singh”), relied on the
italicised phrase above – _where an appeal is brought from the decision of
that court to another court_ – and submitted that s 12(2)(_b_) of the
Extradition Act 2000 has conferred upon the Court of Appeal jurisdiction to
hear an appeal against the Judge’s decision because it expressly contemplates
an “appeal” process.[note: 2]

26 In our view, this submission contradicts the principle succinctly expressed
in Tan Yock Lin, _Criminal Procedure_ vol 3 (LexisNexis, Looseleaf Ed, 2010)
(“ _Tan Yock Lin_ ”) at ch XIX para [155]–[200] that “[appellate jurisdiction]
given by statute … extends only as far as the words of that statute
necessarily require”. It is clear that the words of s 12(2)(_b_) do not
_necessitate_ the vesting of a _right of appeal_ with a party dissatisfied
with the outcome of an order for review of detention hearing. In fact, given
that such an interpretation would conflict with s 422 of CPC 2010 (see below
at [58]) and s 29A(2) of the SCJA (see below at [34]–[36]), we were of the
view that it would be stretching the language of s 12(2)(_b_) too far to claim
that Parliament had intended, through this one phrase, to vest a right of
appeal with a dissatisfied fugitive. The construction of s 12(2) of the
Extradition Act 2000 proffered by Mr Mark Jayaratnam, on behalf of the
Prosecution, was, in our view, more persuasive. We agreed that it is “far more
logical to view s 12(2) as having been intended to provide directions to the
Minister when a warrant of surrender can be issued” [original emphasis
omitted].[note: 3] Section 12(2)(_b_) is more likely to have been inserted to
_cater for the possibility of a right of appeal that could, in the future, be
vested with a dissatisfied fugitive by some other statute(s)_. It is thus,
properly construed, a facilitative provision rather than a standalone,
substantive remedy in favour of a dissatisfied fugitive.

27 In support of our view, we would point out the stark differences of the
various equivalents of the Extradition Act 2000 in other Commonwealth
jurisdictions. A rudimentary glance at the “appeal provisions” in these other
foreign statutes would suggest that s 12(2)(_b_) of the Extradition Act 2000
has indeed _not_ been drafted with the intention of vesting a right of appeal
with fugitives.

28 In the United Kingdom, extradition proceedings are governed by the
Extradition Act 2003 (c 41) (UK) (“EA 2003 (UK)”). _Clear provisions_
describing the right and process of appeal are listed in EA 2003 (UK) in ss 26
to 34, and the relevant provisions are reproduced here as follows:

**26** **Appeal against extradition order**

(1) If the appropriate judge orders a person’s extradition under this Part,
the person may appeal to the High Court against the order.

...

(4) Notice of an appeal under this section must be given in accordance with
rules of court before the end of the permitted period, which is 7 days
starting with the day on which the order is made.

**27** **Court’s powers on appeal under section 26**

(1) On an appeal under section 26 the High Court may—

(a) allow the appeal;

(b) dismiss the appeal.

(2) The court may allow the appeal only if the conditions in subsection (3) or
the conditions in subsection (4) are satisfied.

...

....

**32** **Appeal to Supreme Court**

(1) An appeal lies to the Supreme Court from a decision of the High Court on
an appeal under section 26 or 28.

(2) An appeal under this section lies at the instance of—

(a) the person in respect of whom the Part 1 warrant was issued;

(b) the authority which issued the Part 1 warrant.

(3) An appeal under this section lies only with the leave of the High Court or
the Supreme Court.

(4) Leave to appeal under this section must not be granted unless—

(a) the High Court has certified that there is a point of law of general
public importance involved in the decision, and

(b) it appears to the court granting leave that the point is one which ought
to be considered by the Supreme Court.

(5) An application to the High Court for leave to appeal under this section
must be made before the end of the permitted period, which is 14 days starting
with the day on which the court makes its decision on the appeal to it.

…

29 In Alun Jones QC and Anand Doobay, _Jones and Doobay on Extradition and
Mutual Assistance_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2005) (“ _Jones and Doobay_ ”) at
p 264, the learned authors helpfully explain that the “aim of the 2003 Act is
to remove the statutory acknowledgement of the right to make an application
for [_habeas corpus_] under the 1989 Act, and to replace it with a right of
appeal to the High Court”. An appeal heard in the High Court in the UK is
therefore the equivalent of the order for review of detention hearing in
Singapore. Upon the decision of the High Court in the UK, section 32 of EA
2003 (UK) _expressly and clearly_ provides for the dissatisfied fugitive to
seek leave to appeal to the Supreme Court. This is explained in _Jones and
Doobay_ as follows (at pp 271–272):

An appeal to the [Supreme Court] can only be made with the leave of the High
Court or the [Supreme Court] (s.32(3)). However, leave to appeal must not be
granted unless the High Court has certified that there is a point of law of
general public importance involved in the decision and it appears to the court
granting leave that the point is one which ought to be considered by the
[Supreme Court] (s.32(4)).

30 Similarly, s 21 of the Extradition Act 1988 (No 4 of 1988 as amended) (Cth)
in Australia (“EA 1988 (Australia)”) also provides clearly and expressly for
the right and process of appeal in extradition proceedings:

**Review of magistrate's or Judge’s order**

(1) Where a magistrate or eligible Federal Circuit Court Judge makes an order
under subsection 19(9) or (10) in relation to a person whose surrender is
sought by an extradition country:

(a) in the case of an order under subsection 19(9)—the person; or

(b) in the case of an order under subsection 19(10) —the extradition country;

may, within 15 days after the day on which the magistrate or Judge makes the
order, apply to the Federal Court for a review of the order.

(2) The Federal Court may, by order:

(a) confirm the order of the magistrate or Judge; or

(b) quash the order.

...

(3) The person or the extradition country, whether or not the person or
country was the applicant for review under subsection (1), _may appeal to the
Full Court of the Federal Court from the order of the Federal Court_.

…

[emphasis added]

As s 21(3) of EA 1988 (Australia) makes clear, a right of appeal is vested
with a dissatisfied party against the “review” decision of the Federal Court
in Australia (_ie_ , the Singapore equivalent of an order for review of
detention in the High Court). This observation is confirmed by E P Aughterson,
_Extradition: Australian Law and Procedure_ (The Law Book Company Limited,
1995) at p 225 and also reinforced by David Clark and Gerard McCoy, _Habeas
Corpus: Australia, New Zealand, The South Pacific_ (The Federation Press,
2000) at p 258 where the learned authors explain that “[the] right of appeal
against refusal of the writ [of _habeas corpus_] is conferred by statute.
Appeals are dependent on a statutory basis.”

31 Finally, in Malaysia, there are also clear statutory provisions providing
for an appeal to the Federal Court against a decision of a High Court judge in
a _habeas corpus_ proceeding _by the person sought to be extradited_ (see
_Public Prosecutor v Ottavio Quattrocchi_ [2004] 3 MLJ 149 at [17] and [90]).
Section 36 of the Extradition Act 1992 (Act 479, 2006) (Malaysia) provides
that:

**Application for** **_habeas corpus_**

**36**. A fugitive criminal who is committed to prison under this Act may
apply to the High Court for a writ of _habeas corpus_ in accordance with the
procedure as provided in the Criminal Procedure Code.

Chapter XXXVI of the Criminal Procedure Code (Act 583, 2006) (Malaysia) (“the
Malaysian CPC”) lists out the provisions relating to the “directions of the
nature of a _habeas corpus_ ”. Importantly, in s 374 of the Malaysian CPC, it
is clearly and expressly stated that:

Any person aggrieved by any decision or direction of the High Court under this
Chapter may appeal to the Federal Court within thirty days from the date of
the decision or direction appealed against.

32 Indeed, s 374 of the Malaysian CPC serves as a stark contrast to s 422 of
CPC 2010 (see below at [37]). The difference between the two provisions has
prompted an author to observe, almost three decades ago, that “[t]here is no
appeal for either side from a High Court decision concerning _habeas corpus_
in Singapore. [However, there] is provision for appeal to the Federal Court in
Malaysia.” (Janice M Brabyn, “Extradition in Singapore and Malaysia” (1985) 27
Mal LR 243 at p 255).

33 For the above reasons, we were of the view that s 12(2)(_b_) of the
Extradition Act 2000 – unlike the statutes of the various Commonwealth
jurisdictions surveyed – did not vest a right of appeal with the Parties
against the Judge’s decision.

The High Court hearing the application for an order for review of detention
was not a court of original criminal jurisdiction

34 Seng also submitted that the Judge’s decision was made as part of the
“original criminal jurisdiction” of the High Court, and thus the Court of
Appeal has jurisdiction to entertain an appeal pursuant to s 29A(2) of the
SCJA. Section 29A(2) of the SCJA provides:

The criminal jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal shall consist of appeals
against _any decision made by the High Court in the exercise of its original
criminal jurisdiction_ , subject nevertheless to the provisions of this Act or
any other written law regulating the terms and conditions upon which such
appeals may be brought. [emphasis added]

35 Seng sought to persuade us that because his _application_ to review the
legality of his detention before the Judge _originated in the High Court_ ,
the High Court should therefore be deemed as having “original criminal
jurisdiction”. In our view, Seng’s understanding of the phrase “original
criminal jurisdiction” was mistaken. In _Kiew Ah Cheng David v Public
Prosecutor_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1188 (“ _David Kiew_ ”) at [3], this Court
explained that:

... The distinction between an original and an appellate jurisdiction is not
one that normally requires extensive elaboration. _A court exercises original
jurisdiction in all proceedings at first instance_. A court exercises an
appellate jurisdiction when it conducts proceedings arising from any decision
of a court in the exercise of its original jurisdiction … _Original
jurisdiction is a legal term and the word "original" here does not refer only
to a matter that originated from that court and had not arisen before any
previous one_. [emphasis added]

This explanation provided in _David Kiew_ was in response to the argument that
the application for an extension of time “was a prayer first made before [the
High Court]” and had therefore vested the High Court with “original
jurisdiction” (see _David Kiew_ at [3]). In eventually holding that the High
Court was not a court of “original jurisdiction”, this Court in _David Kiew_
has made clear that the _mere fact_ that an application or matter commences
for the first time only in the High Court _does not necessarily_ mean that the
High Court has “original criminal jurisdiction”.

36 In the present case, the “proceedings at first instance” was clearly the
committal proceeding in the Subordinate Courts before the DJ (see above at
[6]). In _Re Onkar Shrian_ [1968–1970] SLR(R) 533, the High Court, faced with
a similar _habeas corpus_ proceeding that arose from an extradition decision
of the lower court, held that “submissions as to the validity of the
proceedings or the jurisdiction of the court should be made to the
Magistrate’s Court _in the first instance_ ” (at [29], emphasis added). Even
if, as submitted by Seng, the proceeding before the DJ had elements resembling
an “administrative” proceeding, this did not detract from the fact that the
“proceedings at first instance” nevertheless took place in the _Subordinate
Courts before the DJ_ , _upon which_ the Parties’ summonses for an order for
review of detention before the Judge originated.

Section 422 of CPC 2010 prohibited an appeal by the Parties against the
Judge’s decision not to issue an order for review of detention

37 Finally, Seng’s case that he had a right of appeal to this Court was also
contradicted by s 422 of CPC 2010 (previously s 335 of Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC 1985”)) which states:

**No appeal**

422\. No appeal shall lie from an order directing or refusing to direct the
issue of an order for review of detention or from an order made under section
418 but the High Court or Judge of the High Court may at any time adjourn the
hearing for the decision of a Court consisting of 3 or more Judges.

38 The predecessor of s 422 of CPC 2010 has been interpreted by the High Court
in two instances as barring an applicant who was refused an order for review
of detention in the High Court from appealing to the Court of Appeal (see
_Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] SGHC 164 at [15] and
_Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh v Public Prosecutor_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 105 at
[14]). In _Tan Yock Lin_ at ch XIX para 151, the learned author also appears
to share a similar understanding of the predecessor of s 422 of CPC 2010 (_ie_
, s 335 of CPC 1985):

In Singapore, the Court of Appeal’s ordinary appellate jurisdiction is to hear
appeals against any decision made by the High Court in exercise of the High
Court’s original criminal jurisdiction. If a case begins in the lower courts,
there can be no further appeal to the Court of Appeal, unless the case is
first transferred to the High Court to continue thereafter as a High Court
case.

This appellate jurisdiction is subject to the provisions of the Supreme Court
of Judicature Act as well as any other written law. And this is why _the
provisions of section 335 of [CPC 1985], for instance, must prevail over the
provisions as to appeal in the judicature legislation; so that in habeas
corpus proceedings under the Code, there shall be no appeal, as section 335
provides_.

[emphasis added]

39 Faced with these seemingly unfavourable authorities, Mr Singh submitted a
novel argument that has not been canvassed in the courts previously. He
submitted that a review of the legality of detention by the High Court is in
fact a _two-stage process_ : (a) first, the High Court has to decide,
preliminarily, whether to _order the detainee to be brought before the court
for a substantive review_ (“the first stage”); and (b) second, after the
detainee is brought to court, the High Court would then conduct a _substantive
review_ of the legality of detention and decide whether the detainee was
lawfully detained (“the second stage”). Mr Singh then argued that the
prohibition of appeal in s 422 of CPC 2010 only applies to the _first stage_ ,
and not the second stage.

40 Mr Singh’s submission on this issue naturally begged the question of what
the phrase “the issue of an order for review of detention” (in s 422 of the
CPC 2010) actually meant _in practice_. Previously, prior to the Statutes
(Miscellaneous Amendments) (No 2) Act 2005 (No 42 of 2005), an order for
review of detention was known as “a writ of _habeas corpus_ ” – a term which
is still being utilised in other Commonwealth jurisdictions today.

41 According to Mr Singh, a writ of _habeas corpus_ must _only_ be a reference
to an order directing a detainee to be brought to court in order for the
legality of the detention to be reviewed; and it can only be issued at the
first stage upon the applicant satisfying the court that there is a _prima
facie_ case that the legality of his detention is questionable. Once the
detainee has been brought to court, and a substantive review has been
conducted by the judge leading him to the view that the continued detention is
indeed illegal, the court could no longer issue “a writ of _habeas corpus_ ”,
but would have to issue an “order for release” instead.

42 While Mr Singh’s explanation struck us as linguistically and analytically
plausible, we were of the view that it did not accord with what “a writ of
_habeas corpus_ ” meant functionally in practice. Contrary to Mr Singh’s
submissions, it appeared to us that the contested phrase is a legal term of
art which has come to _possess a dual functional meaning_. A writ of _habeas
corpus_ could be said to be “issued” by the courts _either_ (a) for the
detainee to be brought to court for a substantive review of the legality of
detention (_ie_ , the first stage); _or_ (b) for the release of the detainee
after the court has made a substantive decision (_ie_ , the second stage).

43 This dual usage of the phrase finds academic support in Judith Farbey and R
J Sharpe, _The Law of Habeas Corpus_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2011)
(“ _Farbey and Sharpe_ ”). The learned authors observe that there are two
possible functions of a writ of _habeas corpus_ (at pp 234–235):

... It is possible… for the court or judge to order that the writ issue
forthwith on the application without notice. This is a somewhat extraordinary
step, and would be taken in cases of special urgency, for example a danger
that the respondent will flee from the jurisdiction and deprive the prisoner
of the remedy. In such a case, a formal return to the writ is required, and
the substance of the matter is argued on the return.

In the ordinary case, however, the court will adjourn the application so that
notice may be given. _It is now almost inevitably the case that the hearing of
the application for the writ becomes the substantive hearing_ ; the respondent
producing the alleged justification for the restraint by witness statement or
affidavit, and _full argument from all sides being presented_. This is the
modern version of the old rule nisi procedure which was evolved to avoid
having to deal with formal returns. The court comes to a determination and
either orders that the prisoner be remanded or discharged. _The court may
order the writ to issue so that the prisoner is brought up and formally
discharged, but this seems unnecessary and is not usually done. If this does
happen it is quite clear that the order for the writ to issue must be treated
as a final determination in favour of the prisoner, and proceedings after an
order for the writ are purely formal_.

[emphasis added]

44 In other words, the courts may indeed, as proposed by Mr Singh, order the
issue of a writ of _habeas corpus_ simply to direct that the detainee be
immediately brought to court. However, the learned authors also made clear
that _in the ordinary case_ , “the hearing of the application for the writ
becomes the substantive hearing” and if an order is then made for the writ of
_habeas corpus_ to be issued, it “must be treated as a final determination in
favour of the prisoner”. Therefore, the “issue of a writ of _habeas corpus_ ”
_could also, in practice_ , be a reference to a formal court order directing
that the detainee be brought to court _to be released after the substantive
hearing_.

45 In addition, Mr Singh’s submission that the prohibition against an appeal
in s 422 of CPC 2010 could only pertain to the first stage also did not cohere
with the law and practice of _habeas corpus_ and extradition proceedings in
Singapore for the past century and more. Prior to the enactment of the first
ever code of criminal procedure in Singapore in 1900 (see Andrew Phang Boon
Leong, “Of Codes and Ideology: Some Notes on the Origins of the Major Criminal
Enactments of Singapore” (1989) 31 Mal L Rev 46 (“ _Of Codes and Ideology_ ”)
at p 64), the law and procedure relating to extradition in the Straits
Settlements was governed by the Extradition Act 1870 (33 & 34 Vict. c. 52)
(“the Imperial Extradition Act of 1870”). Section 11 of the Imperial
Extradition Act of 1870 provided that:

**11\. Surrender of fugitive to foreign state by warrant of Secretary of
State.** — If the police magistrate commits a fugitive criminal to prison, he
shall inform such criminal that he will not be surrendered until after the
expiration of fifteen days, and that he has a right to apply for a writ of
_habeas corpus_.

Upon the expiration of the said fifteen days, or, **_if a writ of habeas
corpus is issued, after the decision of the court upon the return to the writ,
as the case may be_** , or after such further period as may be allowed in
either case by a Secretary of State, it shall be lawful for a Secretary of
State, by a warrant under his hand and seal, to order the fugitive criminal
(if not delivered on the decision of the court) to be surrendered to such
person as may, in his opinion, be duly authorised to receive the fugitive
criminal by the foreign state from which the requisition for the surrender
proceeded, and such fugitive criminal shall be surrendered accordingly.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

46 In _In Re Charles Ryskschroeff_ [1879] KY 5 (“ _Re Charles Ryskschroeff_
”), the Supreme Court of the Straits Settlements held that, pursuant to s 11
of the Imperial Extradition Act of 1870, a prisoner who was due to be
extradited to Netherlands had _no_ right of appeal against a decision “on a
return to a writ of _habeas corpus_ ”. Importantly, the writ of _habeas
corpus_ was “returned” in _Re Charles Ryskschroeff_ – against the prisoner’s
favour – after a judge had, in the words of Sidgreaves CJ:

... [given] his decision … _deciding, after argument_ , on the return to the
Writ, _against the prisoner on all the grounds raised by his Counsel_ –by
deciding that the British Colonies are within the combined operation of the
Dutch Treaty, the [Imperial Extradition Act of 1870] and the Order in Council
applying it, and that the prisoner was liable to be surrendered under them.
[emphasis added]

Sidgreaves CJ was of the view that the judge’s decision was final and that
“all judicial proceedings were then to be considered as having terminated”,
thereby holding that the prisoner had no further right of appeal.

47 In our view, the case of _Re Charles Ryskschroeff_ is of some historical
significance because it established that, as early as 1879, the prohibition
against an appeal in a _habeas corpus_ proceeding over an extradition matter
could clearly _pertain to the substantive review of the legality of detention
conducted by the court_ , and not just the “first stage” as submitted by Mr
Singh. However, this piece of historical artefact is not an adequate portrayal
of the local understanding of the _habeas corpus_ proceeding, for it could
still be questioned whether subsequent enactments of the criminal procedure
codes in Singapore might have changed the position accepted by the court in
_Re Charles Ryskschroeff_. An examination of the predecessors of CPC 2010 – in
particular, the predecessors of s 422 of CPC 2010 – is thus in order.

48 As mentioned above at [45], the earliest predecessor of CPC 2010 in
Singapore can be traced to the Criminal Procedure Code 1900 (Ordinance 21 of
1900) (“CPC 1900”). The only provision (in the main text of CPC 1900) dealing
with _habeas corpus_ proceedings was s 372, which stated:

**Directions of the Nature of a Habeas Corpus**

**372.** (1)—The Supreme Court may whenever it thinks fit direct —

(_a_) _that a person within the limits of the Colony be brought up before the
Court to be dealt with according to law_ ;

(_b_) _that a person illegally or improperly detained in public or private
custody within such limits be set at liberty_ ;

(_c_) that a prisoner detained in any prison situate within such limits be
brought before the Court to be there examined as a witness in any matter
pending or to be inquired into in such Court ;

(_d_) that a prisoner within such limits be removed from one custody to
another for the purpose of trial ; and

(_e_) that the body of a defendant within such limits be brought in on the
Sheriff’s return of _cepi corpus_ to a writ of attachment.

(2)—The Supreme Court may make rules to regulate the procedure in cases under
this section.

(3)—Until such rules are made and subject thereto the _rules and forms in the
fourth Schedule_ shall be in force.

[emphasis added]

Rule 13 of Schedule IV of CPC 1900 further provided:

Before making any final order under s 372(1) (_b_) the Court shall order that
all persons interested shall be at liberty to show cause on a day to be named
in such order why the person alleged to be illegally or improperly detained
should not be set at liberty. Notice of such order shall be served on such
persons as the Court shall direct.

49 Crucially, there was no hint in CPC 1900 that the holding in _Re Charles
Ryskschroeff_ (_ie_ , that there was no right of appeal against the
substantive review of the legality of a detainee’s detention) was wrongly
decided or was to be statutorily reversed. In addition, the existence of
_both_ s 372(1)(_a_) and s 372(1)(_b_) of CPC 1900 also suggests the
possibility of the dual usage of a “writ of _habeas corpus_ ” in Singapore as
early as 1900. According to CPC 1900, it would appear that a “writ of _habeas
corpus_ ”, when issued, might properly refer to either a direction for a
person to be brought before the court (_ie_ , s 372(1)(_a_)), or a direction
for a person to be “set at liberty” after a show cause proceeding (_ie_ , s
372(1)(_b_) read with r 13 of Schedule IV).

50 CPC 1900 was superseded a few years later by the Criminal Procedure Code
1910 (Ordinance 10 of 1910) (“CPC 1910”). Although the basic structure of CPC
1900 was retained in CPC 1910 (see _Of Codes and Ideologies_ at p 66, fn 24),
the provisions relating to _habeas corpus_ were significantly expanded and
came to consist of a few sections (_ie_ , ss 369 to 383) in the main text. The
relevant sections of CPC 1910 are reproduced here as follows:

**369.** —(1) Every application for a writ of _habeas corpus_ shall be by
motion supported by affidavit for an order which if the Court so direct may be
made absolute _ex parte_ for the writ to issue in the first instance ; or if
the Court so direct it may grant an order _nisi_.

(2) On an application by a person detained on a warrant of extradition the
order _nisi_ if granted shall call upon the Governor, the committing
Magistrate and the Foreign Government to show cause why the writ should not
issue. …

…

**370**. On the argument of an order _nisi_ for a writ of _habeas corpus_ the
Court may in its discretion direct an order to be drawn up for the prisoner’s
discharge instead of waiting for the return of the writ which order shall be a
sufficient warrant to the officer in charge of the prison or any Police
Officer or other person for his discharge.

…

**376**. The Supreme Court may whenever it thinks fit order that a prisoner be
detained in any prison situate within the limits of the Colony be

(_a_) admitted to bail ;

(_b_) brought before a Court Martial ;

(_c_) removed from one custody to another for the purpose of trial or for any
other purpose which the Court may deem proper.

…

**383**. No appeal shall lie from an order directing or refusing to direct the
issue of a writ of _habeas corpus_ or from an order made under section 376 but
the Court or Judge may at any time adjourn the hearing for the decision of a
Court consisting of three or more Judges.

The next major re-enactment of the criminal procedure code would come much
later in the form of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 132, 1955 Ed) (“CPC
1955”) (see _Of Codes and Ideology_ at p 71). The provisions relating to
_habeas corpus_ in CPC 1910 were, however, _substantially retained_ in ss 375
to 390 of CPC 1955. They were only subsequently amended in the Criminal
Procedure Code (Amendment) (No 10 of 1976) where references to the “order
_nisi_ ” mechanism were removed.

51 Returning to CPC 1910, it is striking that despite the proliferation of
provisions detailing the _habeas corpus_ procedure as compared to CPC 1900,
there was no evidence that the governing legislative authorities at the
material time (_ie_ , between 1900 and 1909) had wanted to _modify_ the
understanding of the law and practice relating to the writ of _habeas corpus_
as previously established in _Re Charles Ryskschroeff_ and CPC 1900. In our
view, CPC 1910 was therefore meant to be construed – as far as possible and
without doing violence to the text – in harmony with _Re Charles Ryskschroeff_
and CPC 1900. The newly introduced “order _nisi_ ” mechanism in s 369 of CPC
1910 could thus be said to parallel s 372(1)(_b_) read with r 13 of Schedule
IV of CPC 1900 (see above at [48]). To substantively review the legality of a
detainee’s detention, the court could grant an “order _nisi_ ” requiring the
relevant parties to show cause “why the writ should not issue” (similar to r
13 of Schedule IV of CPC 1900), _in order for the court to determine
conclusively whether the writ of habeas corpus should be issued to set the
detainee at liberty_ (similar to s 372(1)(_b_) of CPC 1900). Section 383 of
CPC 1910 (which is _in pari materia_ to s 422 of CPC 2010) would accordingly
have to be construed as also barring an appeal against the judge’s decision on
whether or not a writ of _habeas corpus_ should be issued _after the judge had
substantively reviewed the legality of the detainee’s detention_.

52 While references to the “order _nisi_ ” mechanism have since been removed
from subsequent criminal procedure codes (see above at [50]), the provision
requiring the relevant parties to “show cause” has remained throughout the
years. In CPC 2010, s 417 provides as follows:

**Application for order for review of detention**

**417.** —(1) Any person —

(_a_) who is detained in any prison within the limits of Singapore on a
warrant of extradition under any law for the time being in force in Singapore
relating to the extradition of fugitive offenders;

…

may apply to the High Court for an order for review of detention.

(2) On an application by a person detained on a warrant of extradition, _the
High Court shall call upon the Public Prosecutor, the committing Magistrate
and the foreign Government to show cause why the order for review of detention
should not be made_.

...

[emphasis added]

53 Despite Mr Singh’s valiant efforts, we were unable to agree that the show
cause proceeding (referred to in s 369(2) of CPC 1910 and s 417(2) of CPC
2010) was a reference to the “preliminary determination” by the High Court to
decide merely on whether an order for review of detention should be issued for
the detainee to be brought before it for a substantive review. Crucially, Mr
Singh’s submission did not gel with the practice of the Judge below in the
order for review of detention hearing. As mentioned earlier (at [6]), the
Applicants had initially filed originating summonses under O 54 of the ROC
before the Judge. At the preliminary hearing on 23 February 2012, the Judge
held for the Applicants but did _not_ , contrary to Mr Singh’s submission,
issue the order for review of detention. Instead, the Judge directed
_summonses_ for the order for review of detention to be issued. This
difference is crucial because the Judge could have chosen, pursuant to O 54 r
2(1)(_a_) of the ROC (see above at [6]), to “make an Order for Review of
Detention forthwith”. However, only summonses _for_ the order for review of
detention (_ie_ , O 54 r 2(1)(_b_)) were issued (see above at [7]) for “all
parties [to be] before the court” (Jeffrey Pinsler, SC gen ed, _Singapore
Court Practice 2009_ (LexisNexis, 2009) at para 54/1-9/2).

54 Subsequently, when deciding on the Parties’ criminal motions _seeking an
issue of the order for review of detention_ in CM 65/2012 and CM 67/2012 (_ie_
, the show cause proceedings), the Judge engaged in a very detailed
substantive analysis of the legality of the detention of the Parties in the
Judgment (see above at [9]–[17]), _before dismissing their applications (ie,
CM 65/2012 and CM 67/2012) for an order for review of detention to be issued_
(see the Judgment at [40]). In short, the Judge had, after the show cause
proceedings, made an order _refusing to direct the issue of an order for
review of detention_ within the meaning of s 422 of CPC 2010, against which we
were thus bound to hold that the Parties had no right to appeal against.

55 The practice adopted by the Judge below (in particular, his decision not to
issue the order for review of detention before having engaged in the
substantive review) reflected the observation in _Farbey and Sharpe_ that
“[i]t is now almost inevitably the case that the hearing of the application
for the writ becomes the substantive hearing” (see above at [43]). This
observation has since been judicially recognised and acknowledged by the
United Kingdom Supreme Court as well (see _Rahmatullah v Secretary of State
for Defence and another (JUSTICE intervening)_ [2013] 1 AC 614 at [89]). The
result of this practice meant that a decision as to whether or not to “issue”
an order for review of detention _could indeed_ come after the substantive
review of the legality of the detainee’s detention. It follows then that the
prohibition of appeal against a judge’s “order directing or refusing to direct
the issue of an order for review of detention” in s 422 of CPC 2010 has to be
construed as pertaining to the judge’s decision _after_ the substantive review
as well.

56 For the purposes of completeness, we would also point out two other reasons
why we could not accept Mr Singh’s interpretation of s 422 of CPC 2010.
Firstly, s 422 of CPC 2010 contains a unique provision which stipulates that
the High Court judge “may at any time adjourn the hearing for the decision of
a Court consisting of 3 or more Judges” _as an alternative to deciding whether
or not to issue an order for review of detention_. In our view, the existence
of this unique provision is more logically consistent with our understanding
that there is no appeal against the judge’s _substantive review_ of the
legality of a detainee’s detention as well; such that when a judge is faced
with a matter of sufficient complexity or public importance, he or she might
prefer to defer the making of the _final, substantive_ decision to a court of
three judges instead.

57 Secondly, we were also drawn to the fact that _not a single local case in
the past century or more was cited to us (or perhaps, found)_ where this Court
had actually entertained an appeal against a criminal, _habeas corpus_
decision of the High Court. While the mere absence of authority alone was
inadequate to determine the complex legal issue before us, it did _fortify_ ,
at the very least, our view that s 422 of CPC 2010 (and its predecessors) has
always been understood as prohibiting an appeal against a High Court judge’s
_substantive review_ of the legality of a detainee’s detention as well, and
not just his or her “preliminary determination” of whether or not to conduct
the substantive review.

58 In summary, given the dual usage of the phrase “a writ of _habeas corpus_ ”
(and accordingly, “the order for review of detention”) both in historical and
modern practice, and the fact that the Judge below had decided _not_ to issue
an order for review of detention in dismissing CM 65/2012 and CM 67/2012, we
were unanimously of the view that s 422 of CPC 2010 applied and barred the
Parties from appealing against the Judge’s decision.

Conclusion on Issue 1

59 To recap, Seng’s strongest arguments in support of CM 79/2012 were that
notwithstanding the ambiguous language used, s 12(2)(_b_) of the Extradition
Act 2000 vested in him a right of appeal; and while this right would seemingly
contradict s 422 of CPC 2010, the latter provision was to be construed
narrowly as prohibiting only an appeal against the “preliminary determination”
of the Judge as to whether or not the Parties should be brought before the
court for a substantive review of the legality of their detention. While
Seng’s attempted construction of the relevant provisions of the two statutes
(_ie_ , the Extradition Act 2000 and CPC 2010) was perhaps arguable in the
abstract on a purely linguistic and/or analytical level, a closer scrutiny of
the two statutes and the law _and practice_ of _habeas corpus_ and extradition
proceedings in the past century led us inexorably to the practically more
defensible view that the Parties had no right of appeal against the Judge’s
decision below.

60 In coming to our decision, we were also firmly guided by the commonsensical
principle that if it was indeed Parliament’s intention to vest in Seng a right
so fundamental as that of the right of appeal against the Judge’s decision in
an order for review of detention hearing, Parliament would have done so in a
much clearer and direct fashion, as opposed to _via_ the technical, legal
gymnastics one would have to go through to interpret the two statutes in
Seng’s favour.

61 For the above reasons, we held that this Court had no jurisdiction to hear
an appeal against the Judge’s decision below and dismissed Seng’s application
in CM 79/2012. Accordingly, Hia’s application in CM 78/2012 requesting for an
extension of time to file a notice of appeal against the Judge’s decision (see
above at [19]) had to be dismissed as well.

Issue 2: whether leave should be granted for the alleged questions of law of
public interest to be referred to the Court of Appeal

62 The relevant statutory provision governing the issue of whether leave
should be granted for a criminal reference is found in s 397 of CPC 2010.
Sections 397(1) and 397(3), in particular, provide as follows:

**Reference to Court of Appeal of criminal matter determined by High Court in
exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction**

**397.** —(1) When a criminal matter has been determined by the High Court in
the exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction, and a party to the
proceedings wishes to refer any question of law of public interest which has
arisen in the matter and the determination of which by the Judge has affected
the case, that party may apply to the Court of Appeal for leave to refer the
question to the Court of Appeal.

**…**

(3) An application under subsection (1) … shall be made within one month, or
such longer time as the Court of Appeal may permit, of the determination of
the matter to which it relates…

63 In _Bachoo Mohan Singh v Public Prosecutor and other applications_ [2010] 1
SLR 966 (“ _Bachoo Mohan Singh_ ”) at [29], this Court held that there are
four requirements which have to be met before leave for a criminal reference
will be granted:

(a) there must be a question of law;

(b) the question of law must be one of public interest and not of mere
personal importance to the parties alone;

(c) the question must have arisen in the matter dealt with by the High Court
in the exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction; and

(d) the determination of the question by the High Court must have affected the
outcome of the case.

64 Upon hearing the Parties, we dismissed both CM 76/2012 (Hia’s application)
and CM 99/2012 (Seng’s application) and held that the Parties’ alleged
questions of law of public interest should not be referred to the Court of
Appeal for the reasons stated below.

The questions raised by Hia in CM 76/2012

65 The two questions raised by Hia in CM 76/2012 were as follows:

(a) Prior to the enactment of section 108B PC, could a Singapore Court
exercise jurisdiction to try a foreign national outside Singapore at all
material times for an alleged offence of abetment by conspiracy to cheat a
Singapore entity?

(b) Where the Singapore Court of Appeal has held that any recognition of the
“effects” doctrine must be left to Parliament, can a Singapore court employ
alternative English common law doctrines in the absence of express provisions
conferring extra-territoriality under the PC?

66 The backdrop to these two questions is the Judge’s holding that the alleged
acts of abetment of the Parties would have constituted offences in Singapore
because, _had the facts been transposed locally_ , an email sent from a person
located outside Singapore to a person in Singapore as a means to engage the
latter in a conspiracy could be said to be acts of abetment by conspiracy that
_took place within Singapore_ (see above at [15]). Importantly, this was a
decision that the Judge arrived at after _rejecting_ the Prosecution’s
submission that “a conspiracy _made outside_ the territory, the object of
which was to commit an offence in the territory, is justiciable [in the
territory]” [emphasis added] (see the Judgment at [25]). Thus, the Judge had
in fact confined s 109 of the PC as applying only to acts of abetment _within_
the territory of Singapore; before holding, however, that the acts of abetment
by the Parties, when transposed, could nonetheless be said to have taken place
in Singapore for the following reasons (see the Judgment at [28]):

It seems artificial to regard an act of abetment as having been committed in
Singapore only if the communications had taken place during a physical meeting
in Singapore, as opposed to a phone call, email or letter from an abettor
overseas _to a person in Singapore_. I am of the view that acts of abetment in
the form of email correspondence sent to and received _by a person in
Singapore_ can be construed as having been committed within the territorial
jurisdiction of Singapore. The position may be different if the email was not
received by Cooperator C due to some technical default, for example.
Cooperator C would not have been aware of the request for quotations for the
antennae and Seng and Hia could not have engaged him in a conspiracy.
Communication would have to be made to Cooperator C for there to be a “meeting
of minds” on the facts of this case. In my view, if the allegations of fact
were transposed, Seng and Hia’s acts of abetment would be justiciable in
Singapore. [emphasis added]

67 A careful reflection of this backdrop would immediately reveal the
fundamental misunderstanding which had permeated both questions raised by Hia.
The two questions appear to presuppose that the Judge had applied s 109 of the
PC _extra-territorially_ ; when in fact, the Judge was very careful to state
in the Judgment that s 109 of the PC applied only because the transposed acts
of the alleged offences (_ie_ , sending an email to a person in Singapore to
engage the latter in a conspiracy) could properly be construed – without
invoking any extra-territorial doctrine – as acts which have taken place in
Singapore because _the recipient of the communication was in Singapore_. Had
the abetment, when transposed, taken place wholly outside Singapore before 1
February 2008 (for example, if two parties located in two different foreign
countries had corresponded _via_ email on how to commit an offence in
Singapore), the Judge would _not_ have found s 109 of the PC applicable.

68 It was also unclear to us how a party being “a foreign national outside
Singapore” was relevant at all, since the issue before the Judge was simply
whether _the act constituting the abetment_ , when transposed, could be said
to have taken place in Singapore. Hia’s erroneous focus on whether the Judge
had applied the doctrine of extra-territoriality or the “effects” doctrine
therefore proved to be a fatal red herring. In the result, we agreed with the
Prosecution that “the proposed questions of [Hia] _did not affect the outcome
of the case_ ”[note: 4] [emphasis in original] and therefore did not satisfy
the test laid down in _Bachoo Mohan Singh_ (see above at [63]).

The questions raised by Seng in CM 99/2012

69 The seven questions sought to be raised by Seng in CM 99/2012 were as
follows:

(a) Is the double criminality requirement to be determined using the
“ingredients” test, the “conduct” test or by some other means?

(b) If an inchoate offence takes place in Singapore but the principal offence
occurs outside the jurisdiction, would the inchoate offence be an indictable
offence in Singapore? Specifically, would a conspiracy in Singapore to commit
a substantive offence in the US constitute an indictable offence in Singapore?

(c) In determining the territoriality of a criminal offence, is the result-
conduct distinction still applicable in Singapore?

(d) In light of the answers to the three preceding questions above, may the
Singapore courts claim jurisdiction simply on the basis of an email sent by an
American from the US to a Singaporean party in Singapore in pursuance of a
conspiracy to commit a criminal offence in the US?

(e) Is the “participation” limb of Art 3 of the Singapore-US Treaty to be
interpreted to include accessorial and/or constructive liability?

(f) What is the proper approach to determining whether a substantive offence
falls within the enumerated list of offences under the Singapore-US Treaty?

(g) In light of the answers to the two immediate preceding questions above,
does the charge of conspiracy to defraud the US by dishonest means under Title
18 United States Code Section 371 correspond with Offence 18 of the enumerated
list under the Singapore-US Treaty?

70 Unlike Hia’s application in CM 76/2012 which was filed on time, Seng’s
application in CM 99/2012 was filed only on 1 November 2012, despite the
Judgment being released on 7 August 2012. This meant that the one-month
deadline for filing a criminal reference as stipulated in s 397(3) of CPC 2010
(see above at [62]) was long exceeded before CM 99/2012 was filed. This was
the reason why Seng had to request, in the same application, for time to be
extended to file CM 99/2012 (see above at [20]).

71 In _Bachoo Mohan Singh_ at [65], this Court also laid down the relevant
factors to be considered when a request for an extension of time is made in
relation to criminal references, as follows:

(a) the length of the delay in making the application;

(b) the explanation put forward for the delay; and

(c) the prospects of the application.

72 In our view, Seng’s delay in filing CM 99/2012 was inordinate and
unacceptable. CM 99/2012 was filed only five days prior to the hearing of the
criminal motions, leaving the Prosecution with simply insufficient time to
properly address each and every of the seven alleged questions of law raised.
No explanation was also provided by Seng as to why CM 99/2012 could not have
been filed earlier, notwithstanding that he was represented throughout by
counsel and had filed a notice of appeal as early as 17 August 2012.

73 More importantly, we found the prospects of Seng’s application in CM
99/2012 very weak as most of the questions raised, similar to Hia’s questions,
reveal a fundamental misunderstanding of the Judge’s approach and decision
below.

74 In the Judgment, the Judge had applied the principle of double criminality
to determine whether, had the alleged facts which took place in the US
occurred in Singapore, these same facts would have constituted an offence
under Singapore law. In our view, it is therefore of critical importance to be
clear as to what _the original alleged facts_ were. As mentioned above (at
[5]), the alleged criminal acts of the Parties were that they had sought to
conspire with individuals _in the US_ by sending emails to them to commit a
substantive offence in the US. In applying the principle of double criminality
and _transposing the facts locally_ , the question which arose for the Judge’s
consideration was logically as follows: if individuals located in a foreign
country sent an email to someone located in Singapore abetting the latter to
commit a substantive offence in Singapore, would the said act of these
individuals be an indictable offence in Singapore?

75 Many of the questions raised by Seng, however, were questions which the
Judge _did not_ (and need not) consider. Seng appeared to be of the mistaken
understanding that in transposing the facts, _the facts completely remain as
they are_ but the court should merely ask whether the said act would be an
offence in Singapore. The second question raised by Seng (see above at
[69(b)]), for example, clearly manifested this error, for at no point in the
application of the double criminality principle did the Judge have to consider
whether “a conspiracy in Singapore to commit a substantive offence in the US
[would] constitute an indictable offence in Singapore”.

76 That Seng’s understanding of the double criminality principle is mistaken
is clear from the Judgment at [19], where the Judge cited a House of Lords
decision (_ie, Regina (Al-Fawwaz) v Governor of Brixton prison and Another_
[2002] 1 AC 556 (“ _Al-Fawwaz_ ”)) to explain what “the appropriate
transposition of facts” meant in the following manner:

In [_Al-Fawwaz_], the US requested the extradition of the applicant, an
alleged member of an Islamic terrorist organisation, for conspiracy to murder
American citizens, officials, diplomats and others to whom the Internationally
Protected Persons Act 1978 applied in the US and abroad. Lord Millet was of
the view that the appropriate transposition of the facts would require the
English courts to consider whether a conspiracy to murder British subjects
would be punishable in England.

77 If the House of Lords in _Al-Fawwaz_ had applied Seng’s understanding of
“the transposition of facts”, it would have ended up considering “whether, in
England, a conspiracy to murder _American subjects_ would be punishable in
England”, rather than the murder of _British subjects_ as correctly
transposed. This misunderstanding of how facts are to be transposed in
applying the principle of double criminality was evident in Seng’s written
submissions and would have been fatal to his application in CM 99/2012, as it
pervaded many of the other questions raised and the corresponding arguments in
support of them as well.[note: 5]

78 In _Phang Wah v Public Prosecutor and another matter_ [2012] SGCA 60, this
Court had reminded all “potential applicants [that they would] do well to
avoid … “back door” appeals by recourse to s 397 [of CPC 2010]” (at [37]).
Seng’s unjustifiably late and last minute attempt to refer a long list of
questions – many of which were fundamentally mistaken – to this Court struck
us as a desperate attempt at a “back door” appeal should his primary case in
CM 79/2012 fail. We therefore declined to exercise our discretion to extend
time in s 397(3) of CPC 2010 in Seng’s favour and dismissed CM 99/2012
accordingly.

Conclusion on Issue 2

79 In the result, we dismissed the attempts of the Parties to refer their
alleged questions of law of public interest to the Court of Appeal. The
questions raised in Hia’s application (in CM 76/2012) were irrelevant to the
Judge’s determination while Seng’s application (in CM 99/2012) was filed
unjustifiably out of time. As these grounds alone warranted the dismissal of
the Parties’ applications, we did not even have to consider whether their
alleged questions of law were even questions _of public interest_ to begin
with. We also leave open the novel issue of whether the High Court in the
order for review of detention hearing was exercising “its appellate or
revisionary jurisdiction”, a necessary condition which has to be satisfied
under s 397(1) of CPC 2010.

Conclusion

80 For the above reasons, we dismissed all four applications filed by the
Parties and held that the Judge’s decision in the Judgment was final and
binding upon them.

* * *

[note: 1]Applicant’s submissions in CM 79/2012 dated 29 Oct 2012 at [5].

[note: 2]Applicant’s submissions in CM 79/2012 dated 29 Oct 2012 at [36]-[40].

[note: 3]Respondent’s submissions in CM 78/2012 and CM 79/2012 dated 29 Oct
2012 at [30].

[note: 4]Respondent’s submissions in CM 76/2012 dated 29 Oct 2012 at [35].

[note: 5]See Applicant’s submissions in CM 79/2012 dated 29 Oct 2012 at
[116]-[125], [133] and [137].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

