Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Titan Unity”  
[2013] SGHCR 28

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 276 of 2012 (Summons No 4021 and 4490 of
2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 December 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Toh Kian Sing SC, Mr Ting Yong Hong and Mr Nathanael
Lin (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; Mr Chan Leng Sun SC (Baker &
McKenzie.Wong & Leow) instructed by Mr Dennis Tan and Mr Edwin Cai
(DennisMathiew) for the first defendant; Mr Thio Shen Yi SC (TSMP Law
Corporation) and Mr Kenneth Tan SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership) instructed by Ms
Tan Mui Tze (Pan Asia Wikborg Rein LLC) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  The "Titan Unity"  
  
19 December 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR:

Introduction

1 The central question raised in the present application concerns the
threshold to be applied to determine the _existence_ of an arbitration
agreement in order to invoke the court’s jurisdiction to grant a stay in
favour of arbitration pursuant to section 6 of the International Arbitration
Act (Cap. 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”).

Background

2 The plaintiff, a bank registered under the laws of Germany, provided
financing to a company known as Onsys Energy Pte Ltd (“Onsys”) for the
purchase of a cargo of fuel oil by the issuance of a letter of credit dated 20
January 2012. As the lawful holder of bills of lading dated 26 January 2012
acknowledging the carriage of a cargo of 5,003.373 MT of fuel oil 380CST on
board the vessel (“bills of lading”), “TITAN UNITY” (official no. 393242)
(“the vessel”), the plaintiff commenced a claim in misdelivery of cargo by
filing an admiralty in rem action against the defendants on 26 July 2012. The
plaintiff claims for the sum of US$3,687,485.90 representing the invoice value
of the cargo, for the direct loss arising from the defendants having delivered
the cargo to third parties on 27 January 2012 without presentation of the
bills of lading.

3 The second defendant (“Singapore Tankers”) is the registered owner of the
vessel. The first defendant (“Oceanic”) is the alleged demise charterer of the
vessel by way of a demise charterparty dated 17 September 2007 (“demise
charterparty”), the existence of which is not admitted by the plaintiff.

4 The vessel was in the port of Singapore on or about late June 2013. The
plaintiff’s application for a warrant of arrest for the vessel was granted by
Assistant Registrar Wong Baochen on 24 June 2013. Subsequent to the arrest of
the vessel, Singapore Tankers filed an application to set aside the admiralty
writ filed by the plaintiff and to release the vessel from arrest, which is
the subject matter of a separate decision.

5 The present decision relates to the application filed by Oceanic on 2 August
2013 for the admiralty action filed in the High Court against Oceanic to be
stayed in favour of arbitration at the Singapore Chamber of Maritime
Arbitration pursuant to section 6 of the IAA, on the ground that the plaintiff
and Oceanic have agreed in writing to refer to arbitration the matters in
respect of the admiralty action brought by the plaintiff. The relevant
arbitration provision can be found at clause 41 of the time charterparty
entered into between Oceanic and Onsys dated 1 November 2011 (“time
charterparty”) which provides as follows:

All and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this contract,
including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall
be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration at the Singapore Chamber of
Maritime Arbitration (“SCMA”) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the
SCMA (“SCMA Rules”) for the time being in force at the commencement of the
arbitration, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this
clause.

6 Oceanic’s case is that the bills of lading incorporated the time
charterparty, including the arbitration provision. The bills of lading read as
follows:

Shipped in apparent good order and condition by [insert name of shipper] at
TUAS TERMINAL SINGAPORE onboard the Singapore steam/motor ship/tanker TITAN
UNITY whereas Capt [insert name of Master] is Master bound for BUNKERS FOR
OCEAN-GOING VESSELS (with liberty to call at any ports in any order, to sail
without pilots and to tow and assist vessels in distress, and to deviate for
the purpose of saving life or property) a quantity said to be:

[Insert description of cargo]

The quantity measurement, weight, gauge, quality, nature, value and condition
of the cargo unknown to the vessel and to the Master, which are to be
delivered in the like good order and condition as the said port of BUNKERS FOR
OCEAN-GOING VESSELS or so near thereto as the vessel can safely get, always
afloat, unto [insert name of shipper] Assigns he or they paying freight for
the same _as per Governing Charter Party dated - at - all the terms and
exceptions contained in which Charter are herewith incorporated, including the
arbitration clause and any dispute under this Bill of Lading the holder
thereof and the carrier shall be bound by the decision of arbitration in
accordance with the provisions of the arbitration clause in the above
mentioned Charter Party._ The name and place for arbitration is available upon
request from the carrier or any agents of the carrier. The amended Jason
Clause and Both-to-Blame Collision Clause as adopted by the Baltic and
International Maritime Conference are hereby incorporated here in and shall
remain in effect even if unenforceable in the United States of America.
General Average payable according to York-Antwerp Rules 1974.

Paramount Clause: this Bill of Lading shall be deemed to incorporate the Hague
Rules as enacted in the British Carriage of Goods by Seas Act 1974, subject
however to any other Hague Rules Legislation which in the actual case is
compulsorily applicable.

[Insert endorsement particulars]

[emphasis added]

7 The existence of the time charterparty, and by consequence, the existence of
the arbitration agreement between Oceanic and the plaintiff as holders of the
bills of lading, is not admitted by the plaintiff. The plaintiff did not
contend that the purported arbitration agreement was null, void, inoperative
or incapable of being performed. The plaintiff’s case was that there was no
arbitration agreement between the plaintiff and Oceanic at all. In other
words, the existence of the arbitration agreement is in question. In the
submissions made before this court, counsel for Oceanic took the position that
the court’s role at the stay stage is only to determine, _inter alia_ ,
whether the arbitration agreement exists at the _prima facie_ level. Counsel
for the plaintiff however, invites the court to conduct a full examination of
the evidence to determine conclusively if there is in fact an arbitration
agreement on a balance of probabilities, before the court can grant a stay in
favour of arbitration.

My decision

The applicable threshold

8 The provision which confers upon the court the power to stay proceedings in
favour of arbitration is found in section 6 of the IAA, which provides:

Enforcement of international arbitration agreement

6.—(1) Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where _any party to an
arbitration agreement_ to which this Act applies institutes any proceedings in
any court against any other party to the agreement _in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement_ , any party to the agreement may, at
any time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any
other step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so
far as the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) shall make an order, upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, staying the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, unless it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

[emphasis added].

9 In my view, the statutory framework in section 6 contemplates a conceptual
distinction between the _existence_ of an arbitration agreement and its
_validity_. Analogous to the exhortation made by the existentialist
philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre that “existence precedes essence”, the existence
of an arbitration agreement is a _precondition_ to its legal validity. The
questions in relation to the validity of an arbitration agreement concern the
legal effect of an agreement, and whether the agreement is legally binding
between the parties. When determining these questions, the existence of the
agreement is presupposed, without which no issue of validity arises. This
distinction is recognized in the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration (“Model Law”), where article 16(1), in prescribing the
arbitral tribunal’s power to determine its own jurisdiction, refers in the
conjunctive to “the _existence or validity_ of the arbitration agreement”.
Section 6(2) of the IAA mandates the court to examine the _validity_ of an
arbitration agreement in so far as a stay must be refused if it is satisfied
that the arbitration agreement is _null and void, inoperative or incapable of
being performed_. The court’s jurisdiction to grant a stay however, is not
invoked, if the threshold preconditions found in section 6(1) are not
satisfied. As the Court of Appeal in _Tjong Very Sumito and other v Antig
Investments Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 (“ _Tjong Very Sumito_ ”) held at
[22], “[i]n order to obtain a stay…the party applying for a stay must first
show that he is a party to an arbitration agreement, and that the proceedings
instituted involve a matter which is the subject of the [arbitration]
agreement”. Reference can in the same regard be made to the English decision
of _Albon v Naza Motor Trading Sdn Bhd (No. 3)_ [2007] EWHC 327 (Ch) (“ _Naza
Motor_ ”), where Lightman J reviewed section 9 of the English Arbitration Act
1996 (the equivalent of section 6 of the IAA) which reads:

Stay of legal proceedings

9\. (1) A party to an arbitration agreement against whom legal proceedings are
brought (whether by way of claim or counterclaim) in respect of a matter which
under the agreement is to be referred to arbitration may (upon notice to the
other parties to the proceedings) apply to the court in which the proceedings
have been brought to stay the proceedings so far as they concern that matter.

…

(4) On an application under this section the court shall grant a stay unless
satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and void, inoperative, or
incapable of being performed.

10 Lightman J deconstructed the statutory framework for the court’s
jurisdiction to grant a stay found in section 9 as follows:

An arbitration agreement is constituted when it is brought into existence. …
To say that an arbitration agreement exists may mean that it has been brought
into existence and may mean that at any relevant point in time it continues to
exist. The [other term] is “validity”. An arbitration agreement is valid if in
law it is at the relevant point in time legally binding on the parties.

…

The first question is what … Naza Motors needs to establish as conditions
precedent to invoking the jurisdiction conferred by section 9(1) to grant a
stay of court proceedings. In my judgment the language of section 9(1) plainly
establishes two threshold requirements. The first is that there has been
concluded an arbitration agreement and the second is that the issue in the
proceedings is a matter which under the arbitration agreement is to be
referred to arbitration. The first condition is as to the conclusion and the
second is as to the scope of the arbitration agreement.

11 Section 6(1) of the IAA, which makes express reference to “any party to an
arbitration agreement”, therefore imposes two threshold pre-conditions an
applicant must satisfy if the court’s power to grant a stay is to be invoked.
First, the _existence_ of an arbitration agreement must be established in that
the applicant must show that it is a party to an arbitration agreement with
the party who instituted the court proceedings. This necessitates the
applicant to show that there exists a state of affairs to support the finding
of an “arbitration agreement”, which is defined in section 2A(1) of the IAA as
“an agreement by the parties to submit to arbitration all or certain disputes
which have arisen or which may arise between them in respect of a defined
legal relationship, whether contractual or not”. Second, the applicant must
show that the proceedings instituted in court are in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the arbitration agreement. If neither one of these
preconditions are satisfied, the court has no jurisdiction to grant a stay
under section 6 of the IAA. When these two threshold preconditions have been
satisfied, the court must grant a stay unless it is satisfied that the
arbitration agreement invalid, in so far as it is null and void, inoperative
or incapable of being performed. The second precondition in relation to the
scope of the arbitration agreement is not in question in the present case.
Neither is the validity of the agreement in question. The issue before this
court is whether the arbitration agreement between the plaintiff and Oceanic
exists. The ordinary reading of section 6 however provides no guidance as to
the extent in which the court is required to enquire into the existence of an
arbitration agreement. What then, would be the threshold in determining the
existence of an arbitration agreement? Is it sufficient that the court finds
on a summary determination that a _prima facie_ arbitration agreement exists,
or is the court mandated to conduct a full examination on the merits of the
existence of an arbitration agreement?

12 It is helpful to refer to the decision of _Tjong Very Sumito_ , where the
Court of Appeal held that it is _only in the clearest of cases_ where the
court proceedings do not fall within the subject matter of the arbitration
agreement that the court would not have jurisdiction to grant a stay under
section 6:

We noted that both Woo J in _Dalian_ [_Hualiang Enterprise Group Co Ltd v
Louis Dreyfus Asia Pte Ltd_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 646] and Lightman J in _Nigel
Peter Albon v Naza Motor Trading Sdn Bhd (No 3)_ [2007] EWHC 665 (Ch) (in the
context of whether an arbitration agreement had been concluded) took the
position that it is the court that determines whether the arbitration
agreement applies; although Woo J was quick to add the important caveat that
_if it was at least arguable_ that the matter is the subject of the
arbitration agreement, then a stay of proceedings should be ordered. We agree
with the measured approach taken by Woo J since the question of whether a
matter is the subject of an arbitration agreement is the very threshold to the
application of s 6 of the IAA itself. However, _it is only in the clearest of
cases that the court ought to make a ruling on the inapplicability of an
arbitration agreement._ The court's jurisdiction to grant a stay is satisfied
once the prerequisites of s 6 appear to have been met. If there is no binding
arbitration agreement or if the arbitration agreement has no application, then
the court has no jurisdiction to grant a stay under s 6 of the IAA, although
it is of course open to the court to do so under its inherent jurisdiction.

[emphasis added].

13 The above exposition made by the Court of Appeal however relates to the
second precondition on the scope of an arbitration agreement. Senior Counsel
for both the plaintiff and Oceanic agree that there is as yet no local
authority on the threshold for determining the first precondition which
relates to the existence of an arbitration agreement in order to invoke the
court’s jurisdiction to grant a stay under section 6 of the IAA. Nevertheless,
the threshold for determining the second precondition may very well apply to
the determination of the existence of an arbitration agreement (the Court of
Appeal did hold that “[t]he court's jurisdiction to grant a stay is satisfied
once the prerequisites of [section] 6 _appear_ to have been met” [emphasis
added]), as this would aid in the policy of preventing dilatory tactics
adopted by litigants who wish to obviate the arbitration route by placing
tactical jurisdictional objections before the court. The force of this policy
is however premised upon the assumption that parties have _consented_ to
arbitration, which is the question which the court granting the stay has to
determine in the very first place (albeit the threshold or extent in which the
court has to make this determination is not clear), and is countervailed by
the equally valid policy consideration of ensuring that parties do not expend
unnecessary resources in arbitration proceedings if the very foundation of
that proceedings, which is _consent_ , is lacking.

14 The balance to be reached amongst these two competing policy considerations
is dependent upon the degree of deference accorded to the doctrine of
_Kompetence-Kompetence_ , which is conferred the force of law in Singapore via
section 3 of the IAA and article 16 of the Model Law. The positive conception
of the doctrine, which refers to the arbitral tribunal’s power to determine
its own jurisdiction, is expressed in article 16(1) (see Emmauel Gaillard and
Yas Banifatemi, _Negative effect of Competence-Competence: the Rule of
Priority in Favour of the arbitrators_ , in Enforcement of Arbitration
Agreements and International Arbitral Awards: The New York Convention in
Practice 257-258 (Gaillard and Di Pietro, eds., 2008) (“ _Gaillard and
Banifatemi_ ”)). The present application before this court however requires a
nuanced consideration of the extent of deference which ought to be accorded to
the negative conception of the doctrine, and this relates to the absence of
the court’s power to determine the arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction, at least
at the preliminary stage at the start of the arbitral life cycle. This
exercise would in turn require a review of the Model Law’s _travaux
préparatoires_ via section 4 of the IAA.

15 Counsel for the plaintiff relied upon the writings of Gary Born, who
highlighted that the drafters of the Model Law rejected in 1983 a proposal
that would have expressly provided in the present article 8(1) of the Model
Law for the courts to refer the proceedings to arbitration unless the court
“finds that the [arbitration] agreement is _manifestly_ null and void”
[emphasis added], and that this rejection signifies the intent of the drafters
for the courts to make a full determination on the arbitral tribunal's
jurisdiction (Gary B. Born, _International Commercial Arbitration_ (2009,
Kluwer Law International), p 882, which makes reference to _Report of the
Working Group on International Contract Practices on the Work of its Fifth
Session_ , UN Doc. A/CN.9/233, XIV UNCITRAL Y.B. 60, 67 (1983); H. Holtzmann &
J. Neuhaus, _A Guide to the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration: Legislative History and Commentary_ 303 (2013) (“ _Holtzmann &
Neuhaus_”)). This analysis, however, relates to the validity of the
arbitration agreement in the determination of whether it is null, void,
inoperative or incapable of being performed, and not to the existence of the
arbitration agreement. As highlighted above, the question of validity is a
separate question which does not arise if no agreement is found to exist in
the first place. I find more guidance in adopting a wider study of the
relevant legislative history as submitted by counsel for the defendant, via
the article by Frederic Bachand, _Does Article 8 of the Model Law Call for
Full or Prima Facie Review of the Arbitral Tribunal’s Jurisdiction?_ (2013
Kluwer Law International BV) (“ _Frederic Bachand_ ”). In this regard, I start
with a reference to the Working Group’s Fourth draft dated 29 November 1983
(A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.48) (_Holtzmann & Neuhaus_ at p500), where the drafters of
the Model Law considered a draft article 17 which expressly provides a party
the recourse of seeking a court’s ruling on whether there exists a valid
arbitration agreement:

Article 17. Concurrent court control

(1)[Notwithstanding the provisions of article 16,] [a party may] at any time
[request the Court specified in article 6 to decide **_whether or not there
exists a valid arbitration agreement_** and], if arbitral proceedings have
commenced, whether or not the arbitral tribunal has jurisdiction [with regard
to the dispute referred to it].

[emphasis added]

16 The year after, the Working Group decided to _delete_ the draft article 17
from the Model Law, such that no party will have the recourse of seeking a
court’s ruling on whether there exists a valid arbitration agreement. This is
so that the arbitral tribunal can have the _initial_ determination of its own
jurisdiction (see the Fifth working group report dated 6 March 1984
(A/CN.9/246)) (_Holtzmann & Neuhaus_ at p502):

53\. The text of article 17 as considered by the Working Group was as follows:

…

54\. The Working Group decided to delete that article.

55\. It was noted that the concurrent court control provided for in that
article was to a large extent in conflict with the provision in the last
sentence of paragraph 3 of article 16, which precluded a party from contesting
an affirmative ruling by the arbitral tribunal on its jurisdiction until the
final award on the merits was made. … The prevailing view was in favour of
deleting article 17 since it might have adverse effects throughout the
arbitral proceedings by opening the door to delaying tactics and obstruction
and because _it was not in harmony with the principle underlying article 16
that it was_** _initially and primarily_** _for the arbitral tribunal to
decide on its competence, subject to ultimate court control._

[emphasis added]

17 Article 17 was placed before the Working Group a year later for
consideration again, and a decision was made not to reintroduce the article on
the basis that the preferred approach is found in what is essentially the
present article 16 of the Model Law (See Commission Report dated 21 August
1985 (A/40/17) (_Holtzmann & Neuhaus_ at p528):.

161\. The Commission, after deliberation, decided not to reintroduce previous
draft article 17 but to provide for instant court control in article 16(3)
along the lines of the solution adopted in article 13(3). The Commission
adopted article 16(3) in the following modified form, subject to redrafting by
the Drafting Group:

“(3) The arbitral tribunal may rule on a plea referred to in paragraph (2) of
this article either as a preliminary question or in an award on the merits. If
the arbitral tribunal determines in a preliminary ruling that it has
jurisdiction, any party may request, within thirty days after having received
notice of that ruling, the Court specified in article 6 to decide the matter,
which decision shall not be subject to appeal; while such a request is
pending, the arbitral tribunal may continue the arbitral proceedings.”

18 It is therefore evident that the intention of the drafters of the Model Law
was to accord primacy to the negative conception of the doctrine of
_Kompetence-Kompetence_ , in so far as the arbitral tribunal will be given the
priority ahead of the courts to decide whether there exists a valid
arbitration agreement in the determination of the arbitral tribunal’s own
jurisdiction.

19 Notwithstanding so, counsel for the plaintiff submitted two English
decisions in support of the position that the court would have to conduct a
full examination on the merits on the existence of an arbitration agreement
concluded between parties before the jurisdiction to grant a stay in favour of
arbitration arises. The first is a decision already referred to, in _Albon_ ,
where it was held that the court must consider the evidence and make a
decision on whether the arbitration agreement has been concluded between the
parties before the jurisdiction to grant a stay under section 9 of the English
Arbitration Act 1996 arises. The court was even open to the option of
conducting a full trial to determine the issue. The second is the decision of
_Anglia Oils Ltd v The Owners and Demise Charterers of the Vessel Marine
Champion_ [2002] EWHC 2407, where the court held that the question of whether
the ship owner was a party to the arbitration agreement was not a question
which should be decided by the arbitral tribunal, but one which must be
determined by the court on the evidence placed before it before a stay may be
granted.

20 It is unclear how these two decisions may be reconciled with the House of
Lords’ decision in _Premium Nafta Products Ltd v Fili Shipping Co. Ltd_.
[2007] UKHL, where it was held, with regard to the court’s power to grant a
stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration pursuant to section 9, that “it
is contemplated by the [Arbitration] Act that it will, in general, be right
_for the arbitrators to be the first tribunal_ to consider whether they have
jurisdiction to determine the dispute” [emphasis added]. More significantly,
the two decisions submitted by counsel must be considered in light of the fact
that the Model Law, which includes the doctrine of _Kompetence-Kompetence_ ,
entrenched in article 16, does not have the force of law in England, unlike
the position in Singapore. In addition, the procedure for a stay in England is
shaped by a provision which is not found in Singapore. Rule 62.8(3) of the
English Civil Procedure Rules prescribe the court’s power to decide on the
question of whether an arbitration agreement has been concluded, or to give
directions for a trial to determine that question, before a stay in favour of
arbitration is granted.

21 It would in my view be more useful to refer to the decisions of
jurisdictions which have accorded the Model Law the force of law, in order to
achieve a more uniform interpretation of the relationship between article 16
of the Model Law and section 6 of the IAA consistent with international
normative conceptions of _Kompetence-Kompetence_.

22 The Canadian position in general adopts a _prima facie_ determination of
the existence of an arbitration agreement, as adopted in several decisions
(_Rio Algom Ltd v Sami Steel Co Ltd_ , XVIII Y.B.Comm.Arb. 166 (1993);
_Agrawest Investments Ltd v BMA Nederland BV_ [2005] PEIJ No 48; _Morran v
Carbone_ [2005] OJ No 409; _ETR Concession Co v Ontario (Minister of
Transportation)_ [2004] OJ No 4516; _Cooper v Deggan_ [2003] BCJ No 1638). In
particular, the British Columbia Court of Appeal in _Gulf Canada Resources Ltd
v Arochem Int’l Ltd_ 66 B.C.L.R.2d 113 held:

…it is not for the court on an application for a stay of proceedings to reach
any final determination as to the scope of the arbitration agreement or
whether a particular party to the legal proceedings is a party to the
arbitration agreement, because those are matters within the jurisdiction of
the arbitral tribunal. Only where it is clear that the dispute is outside the
terms of the arbitration agreement, or that a party is not a party to the
arbitration agreement…should the court reach any final determination…Where it
is arguable that the dispute falls within the terms of the arbitration
agreement or where it is arguable that a party to the legal proceedings is a
party to the arbitration agreement then, in my view, the stay should be
granted and those matters left to be determined by the arbitral tribunal.

[emphasis added]

23 The position in Hong Kong is similar. Two decisions ought to be
highlighted. In _Pacific International Lines (Pte) Ltd v Tsinlien Metals and
Minerals Co Ltd_ , XVIII Y.B. Comm. Arb. 180 (H.K. S.Ct. 1992) (1993), the
claimant initiated arbitration proceedings pursuant to an arbitration
agreement contained in a charterparty entered into between the parties through
a broker. The defendant refused to participate in the proceedings, and the
claimant applied to the High Court of Hong Kong for the appointment of an
arbitrator. The defendant contended that no arbitration agreement existed
between the parties on the ground that the broker was not given the requisite
authority to enter into the charterparty. The court held:

If the court is satisfied that there is a ‘plainly arguable’ case to support
the proposition and there was an arbitration agreement which complies with
Article 7 of the Model Law, the Court should proceed to appoint the arbitrator
in the full knowledge that the defendants will not be precluded from raising
the point before the arbitrator and having the matter reconsidered by the
court consequent upon that preliminary ruling.

…

Obviously it has not been possible for me to go into this in any great detail
and indeed the whole matter has been dealt with the affidavit evidence.
Despite the fact that there is no document before me, which shows that World
Ace were held out or authorised by the defendant to act for them in relation
to its fixture, I cannot believe that such documentation does not exist. The
arbitrator will have to go into this matter and sort it out but for my part I
am satisfied at this stage that Article 7 of the Model Law has been complied
with and that there is an arbitration agreement between these parties.

24 The second decision is that of _PCCW Global Ltd v Interactive
Communications Service Ltd_ [2006] HKCA 434, where Beyond the Network Ltd
claimed against Vectone Ltd for billing discrepancies in invoices arising from
an agreement for the supply of international long distance communications
services. The agreement contains a clause which submits all disputes to the
exclusive jurisdiction of Hong Kong, a clause which states that the agreement
is governed by the laws of the State of New York, such that “any dispute shall
be submitted to the courts” of that State, and an apparent arbitration clause
which allows either party to refer any dispute to arbitration under the
auspices of the American Arbitration Association. Vectone Ltd relied upon this
apparent arbitration clause in its application to stay the Hong Kong court
proceedings in favour of arbitration, pursuant to article 8 of the Model Law
via section 34C of the Hong Kong Arbitration Ordinance (Cap. 341). Given the
apparent contradiction between the three different dispute resolution clauses
in the agreement, the issue before the Hong Kong Court of Appeal was whether
there exists an arbitration agreement between parties. Hon Tang VP endorsed
the _prima facie_ threshold adopted by an earlier Hong Kong Court of Appeal
decision in _In Private Company ‘Triple V’ Inc v Star (Universal) Co Ltd and
Anor_ [1995] 3 HKC 129:

If the judge were to go into the matter more deeply, he would in effect be
_usurping the function of the arbitrator_. Whilst, clearly, the judge had to
make a judgment as to whether there existed an underlying agreement to
arbitrate, he could do no more than to form a _prima facie view_.

[emphasis added]

25 Hon Tang VP further endorsed the same approach adopted by Burrell J in
_Pacific Crown Engineering Ltd v Hyundai Engineering and Construction Co Ltd_
[2003] 3 HKC 659, where the court was concerned with the proper test to be
applied in determining the question of whether it was for the court on a stay
application or the arbitrator to decide whether an arbitration agreement
existed:

The proper test is therefore is there a _prima facie_ or plainly arguable case
that the parties were bound by an arbitration clause. The onus being on the
defendant to demonstrate that there is.”

26 I move on to consider the position adopted by the apex court of India. The
decision of the Supreme Court of India in _Shin-Etsu Chemical Co. Ltd v Aksh
Optifibre Ltd_ (2005) 3 Arb LR 1 is highly instructive (“ _Shin-Etsu_ ”). The
court was not faced with the precondition issue on the existence of the
arbitration agreement, but was concerned with the requisite threshold to
determine the validity of the arbitration agreement under section 45 of the
Indian Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996 (“IACA 1996”) (the equivalent of
section 6 of the IAA), which provides:

45\. Power of judicial authority to refer parties to arbitration.

… a judicial authority, when seized of an action in a matter in respect of
which the parties have made an agreement referred to in section 44, shall, at
the request of one of the parties or any person claiming through or under him,
refer the parties to arbitration, unless it finds that the said agreement is
null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

27 The Supreme Court held that the enquiry on whether there exists a valid
arbitration agreement which is not null and void, inoperative or incapable of
being performed is limited to a _prima facie_ standard. It found that the
absence of section 8(3) in section 45 of the IACA 1996, which is the
equivalent of article 8(2) of the Model Law that expressly allows arbitration
proceedings to continue and an award to be made notwithstanding an application
for stay of proceedings, necessitates an inference that arbitral proceedings
will not commence or continue until such time the nature of the agreement is
decided upon, and that if such a decision requires a full review on the merits
of the validity of the arbitration agreement, the delay caused would defeat
the objective of the IACA 1996 to enable expeditious arbitration with limited
court interference (see Justice R.S. Bachawat, _Law of Arbitration &
Conciliation_ (5th ed, 2010, Chapter 2). The Supreme Court took the view that
there is nothing to prevent the arbitral tribunal from conducting a full
determination on the validity of the arbitration agreement, which is allowed
under article 16 of the Model Law, if the court takes the view of the
agreement’s validity on a _prima facie_ basis. More significantly, the Supreme
Court found that a full determination of the question at the stay stage would
render superfluous section 48(1)(a) of the IACA 1996, which is in _pari
materia_ with article 36(1)(a)(i) of the Model Law and article V(1)(a) of the
1958 Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards
(“the New York Convention”) (at [84]):

If a final finding were to be made upon the arbitration agreement, finding it
valid and operative, such a finding might operate as res judicata. Thus one
ground made available by Parliament under Section 48(1)(a) to assail the award
at the post-award stage, by impugning the validity of the arbitration
agreement, would be totally precluded because the finding under Section 45 on
the said issue would be final.

…

If the approach [of conducting a full review] … in interpreting Section 45
were to be adopted, it could effectively make a part of the provision in
Section 48(1)(a) redundant; an outcome which Parliament could surely not have
intended.

28 Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that _Shin-Etsu_ should be re-
considered in light of the more recent decision of the Supreme Court of India
in _Chloro Controls (I) P. Ltd. V Seven Trent Water Purification_ (Civil
Appeal No 7134 of 2012), where there were pronouncements made which suggest
that the court must make a “final” finding on whether the arbitration
agreement is null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed. This
submission can be easily dismissed on the basis that the Supreme Court
decision was determined by a provision which is unique to India and which has
no equivalent in Singapore: section 11(7) of the IACA 1996. The Supreme Court
held (at [130]) that, “[t]he underlying principle of finality in Section 11(7)
would be applicable with equal force while dealing with the interpretation of
Sections 8 and 45”. Section 11(7) confers upon the Chief Justice of India the
power to make a determination in several matters in the arbitral process, and
expressly prescribes that such determination shall be final.

29 Contrary to counsel’s submissions, this court is of the view that there is
much force in the analysis adopted by the Supreme Court in _Shin-Etsu_. By
parity of reasoning, the court’s role at the early stage to determine on a
_prima facie_ standard whether there exists an arbitration agreement between
the parties in deciding whether a stay can be granted under section 6 of the
IAA, is consistent with the approach of having a full determination of that
question deferred to the arbitral tribunal subject to _ultimate_ court control
at the _end_ of the whole arbitral life cycle, with the control taking the
form of either the setting aside of the award via article 34(2)(a)(i) of the
Model Law or the refusal of enforcement via article V(1)(a) of the New York
Convention, both of which have the force of law in Singapore, and which confer
upon the court the full jurisdiction to review and determine on the merits
whether there exists an arbitration agreement concluded between the parties
(see, in the context of article V(1)(a) of the New York Convention, _Dallah
Real Estate and Tourism Holding Company v The Ministry of Religious Affairs,
Government of Pakistan_ [2010] UKSC 46 (“ _Dallah_ ”)). This approach has the
benefit of consolidating the court’s review of disputes associated with
international arbitration at the end of the arbitral life cycle, in so far as
the court’s fullest jurisdiction to determine the existence of an arbitration
agreement remain with the same courts having jurisdiction to review arbitral
awards (see _Gaillard and Banifatemi_). The desirable end result would be to
prevent inconsistent decisions on the existence of the arbitration agreement
and potential complications arising from arguments based on issue estoppel
between the court seized of the stay application, the supervising court and
the enforcing court. The experience from the well-known _Dallah_ episode is
edifying in this regard.

30 I add here parenthetically that there appears to be some suggestion from
the materials submitted that there could be a hybrid approach taken, such that
a _prima facie_ standard of review be adopted when the seat of the arbitration
is in the jurisdiction of the court seized of the stay application, while a
full determination on the existence of an arbitration agreement be made where
the seat of arbitration is located in a foreign jurisdiction (see _Frederic
Bachand_ (at footnote 44) referring to some decisions of the Swiss courts in
Trib. Féd., 16 January 1995, _Bull_. ASA 503 (comm. J. F. Poudret and G.
Cottier); Trib. Féd., 29 April 1996, _Bull_. ASA 527 (comm. C. U. Mayer)). It
was not submitted by counsel that this hybrid approach should be the approach
in Singapore. This court is in any event not in favour of such an approach,
which appears to be tainted by circularity. The seat of arbitration may not be
known until arbitral proceedings have commenced, and it would not be uncommon
where arbitration proceedings are not commenced until the stay of court
proceedings has been granted in the first place. The approach also fails to
acknowledge the fact that the seat of an arbitration may be transferred amidst
arbitral proceedings.

31 I find the position in Singapore to be even stronger than that in _Shin-
Etsu_ , given that section 10(2) of the IAA expressly confers upon the
arbitral tribunal the power to rule on a plea that it has no jurisdiction at
any stage of the arbitral proceedings. Where the arbitral tribunal decides as
a preliminary question that it has jurisdiction, or at any stage of the
arbitral proceedings that it has no jurisdiction, any party may, within 30
days after having received notice of that ruling, apply to the High Court to
_decide_ the matter. It is evident that the statutory framework of the IAA
defers the decision on the arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction to the arbitral
tribunal itself – not to the extent where it is the sole arbiter of its own
jurisdiction, but where it is the _first_ arbiter of its own jurisdiction,
with a recourse available for parties to bring that dispute on jurisdiction,
which includes the determination of the existence of an arbitration agreement,
to the courts only after having had the benefit of the arbitral tribunal’s
ruling on that question.

32 This is reinforced by the deeming provision found in section 2A(6) of the
IAA, the only provision in the IAA which makes express reference to the
“existence of an arbitration agreement”:

(6) Where in any arbitral or legal proceedings, a party asserts the existence
of an arbitration agreement in a pleading, statement of case, or any other
document in circumstances in which the assertion calls for a reply and the
assertion is not denied, there shall be deemed to be an effective arbitration
agreement as between the parties to the proceedings.

(7) A reference in a contract to any document containing an arbitration clause
shall constitute an arbitration agreement in writing if the reference is such
as to make that clause part of the contract.

(8) A reference in a bill of lading to a charterparty or other document
containing an arbitration clause shall constitute an arbitration agreement in
writing if the reference is such as to make that clause part of the bill of
lading.

33 It appears from the deeming provision that the enquiry into the existence
of an arbitration agreement under section 6 is meant to be a quick and summary
process instead of a long drawn examination into the facts.

Conclusion based on the above analysis

34 In conclusion, there is no doubt that the court must be satisfied that an
arbitration agreement exists before the jurisdiction to grant a stay pursuant
to section 6 is invoked. However, it is clear from the analysis above that the
court only needs to be satisfied that an arbitration agreement exists on a
_prima facie_ level for the purposes of establishing the first precondition
under section 6(1). This first precondition will not be met only in the
clearest and most obvious of cases. This is not to say that the court should
accept _prima facie_ evidence of an arbitration agreement when it is clearly
inconsistent with undisputed documentary and contemporaneous evidence, nor
should the court accept uncritically every fact placed on the affidavits in
support of the stay application. Nevertheless, based on the aforementioned
reasons, there is no need for the court to descend into a protracted
examination of the evidence to make a finding on the merits that an
arbitration agreement exists on a balance of probabilities at the stay stage.
With this, I turn my attention to determine whether an arbitration agreement
exists in the present case.

On the prima facie standard, is there an arbitration agreement?

35 The face of the bill of lading makes express and clear reference not only
to the incorporation of the governing charterparty, but also the arbitration
agreement found within:

The quantity measurement, weight, gauge, quality, nature, value and condition
of the cargo unknown to the vessel and to the Master, which are to be
delivered in the like good order and condition as the said port of BUNKERS FOR
OCEAN-GOING VESSELS or so near thereto as the vessel can safely get, always
afloat, unto [insert name of shipper] Assigns he or they paying freight for
the same _as per_** _Governing Charter Party_** _dated - at -_**_all the terms
and exceptions contained in which Charter are herewith incorporated, including
the arbitration clause_** _and any dispute under this Bill of Lading the
holder thereof and the carrier shall be bound by the decision of arbitration
in accordance with the provisions of the arbitration clause in the above
mentioned Charter Party._ The name and place for arbitration is available upon
request from the carrier or any agents of the carrier. The amended Jason
Clause and Both-to-Blame Collision Clause as adopted by the Baltic and
International Maritime Conference are hereby incorporated here in and shall
remain in effect even if unenforceable in the United States of America.
General Average payable according to York-Antwerp Rules 1974.

[emphasis added].

36 Counsel for the plaintiff took issue with the fact that the date of the
charterparty was not filled in, but this does not in my view prevent the
incorporation of the time charterparty. As the English Court of Appeal
decision in _The_ “ _San Nicholas_ ” [1976] 1 Llod’s Rep 8 (_San Nicholas_)
held:

…the question is the effect of the incorporation clause which has several
blanks which have not been filled in. [Counsel] says that, as a result of
those blanks, the incorporation clause is worth nothing. It is meaningless. It
is not possible, he says, to incorporate a charter which is not identified in
any way.

…

I cannot for a moment agree with that contention. It seems to be plain that
the shipment was carried under and pursuant to terms of the head charter. The
blanks were left because the master … did not know its date and the parties to
it so as to be able to fill them in.

37 The English Court of Appeal endorsed the statement in _Scrutton on
Charterparties_ , (18th ed. (1974)), at p 63:

It _not infrequently_ happens that, when a printed form of bill of lading
provides for the incorporation of the “charterparty dated ____”, the parties
omit to fill in the blank. It is submitted that the effect is the same as if
the reference were merely to “the charterparty” and the omission does not
demonstrate an intent to negative the incorporation.

[emphasis added]

38 Oceanic has already given evidence by way of affidavit that the date of the
time charterparty was not filled in as the issuer did not have the dates to
hand at the time the bills of lading were signed (Rolf Zapffe’s 1st affidavit
at paragraph 42). Counsel for the plaintiff however took further issue with
the fact that the blanks which were supposed to include the date of the time
charterparty were filled with dashes, and that this represents the intention
not to incorporate any charterparty terms. Not only was there no authority
submitted in support of such a position, it is not for this court to speculate
on what the intention was in the face of the evidence placed on record by
Oceanic. I note that the plaintiff did not adduce any evidence to the contrary
on affidavit. More significantly, this court has to give not insubstantial
weight to the express reference to the charterparty and the arbitration
agreement as stated on the face of the bills of lading. While the dates of the
time charterparty have not been filled, this is, as shown in _San Nicholas_ ,
not uncommon and is certainly not in and of itself sufficient to prevent the
incorporation of the time charterparty and the arbitration agreement expressly
referred to on the face of the bills of lading. A different form could have
been used, or the reference to the charterparty and the arbitration agreement
struck out if there was no intention to incorporate the charterparty. If the
plaintiff takes issue with the veracity and the weight which ought to be
accorded to the evidence adduced by Oceanic, it is for them to examine the
relevant witnesses before the arbitral tribunal on the circumstances
surrounding the issuance of the bills of lading.

39 In addition, Oceanic has adduced credible and extensive evidence on the
existence of the demise charterparty. This includes the exhibits of the
protocol of delivery and acceptance confirming the delivery of the vessel into
the demise charter, the ship management contract between Oceanic and Titan
Ocean, the vessel’s manager, in respect of technical and crewing management of
the vessel, the employment contract between Titan Ocean and Captain Hidayat
for his employment as master of the vessel, three agreements (dated 17
September 2007, 6 December 2011, and 21 June 2012) varying the terms of the
demise charter, and hire invoices for the months between May 2012 to May 2013
for the vessel (see Poey Chin Yang’s 1st affidavit). The same applies for the
time charterparty. The time charterparty between Oceanic and Onsys exhibited
in the first affidavit of Poey Chin Yang was delivered into the time charter
at 1800 on 31 December 2011 as confirmed by the on-hire delivery statement
(also exhibited at page 236 of the same affidavit). In addition, the tax
invoices which confirm payment by Onsys to Oceanic for daily hire of US$6,700
per day up to 25 June 2012 (see Wilhelm Christian Magelssen’s 1st affidavit)
corresponds with the rate in the time charter, and are consistent with the
continued existence of the time charter up to 25 June 2012.

40 Taking into consideration the totality of the evidence placed before this
court, I am of the view that Oceanic has established on a _prima facie_
standard the existence of the arbitration agreement with the plaintiff.

The plaintiff’s cross-application

41 The plaintiff filed a cross-application on 13 September 2013 for this court
to exercise its discretion under sections 6 and 7 of the Arbitration Act (Cap.
143) (“AA”) to refuse Oceanic’s stay application, or to order a stay in favour
of arbitration subject to certain conditions, in the event where a valid
arbitration agreement is found to exist. It is unclear what the plaintiff’s
basis is for its reliance on the AA, when _neither the plaintiff nor Oceanic_
would like to proceed to arbitration under the AA. In any event, the
arbitration agreement in question refers the dispute to be resolved by
arbitration at the Singapore Chamber of Maritime Arbitration (“SCMA”) in
accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the SCMA (“SCMA Rules”). Rule 22 of
the SCMA Rules prescribes:

Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, the juridical seat of arbitration
shall be Singapore. Where the seat of arbitration is Singapore, the law of the
arbitration under these Rules shall be the Act.

42 Rule 1.2 of the SCMA Rules defines “the Act” as the International
Arbitration Act (Cap. 143A). The AA is clearly not relevant in the present
case.

43 The second part of the plaintiff’s cross-application seeks this court to
impose the following two terms if Oceanic’s application for a stay is granted:

(a) that Oceanic waive any defence of time-bar, if any, under Article III rule
6 of the Hague-Visby Rules in respect of the plaintiff’s claim (“the time-bar
condition”); and

(b) the vessel “TITAN UNITY” arrested, or any security provided for the
release of the vessel, be retained as security in the satisfaction of any
arbitral award given in respect of the plaintiff’s claim made in the
arbitration (“the security condition”).

44 At the hearing before me, counsel for Oceanic acknowledged that the
security condition is a matter for the court’s discretion, and did not provide
any substantive arguments to persuade the court why the discretion should not
be exercised in the plaintiff’s favour. In view that the seat of the
arbitration is in Singapore, I am of the view that it is both necessary and
appropriate that the arrested vessel be retained as security in the
satisfaction of any arbitral award given. The security condition is therefore
allowed.

45 With regard to the time-bar condition, the plaintiff made several arguments
in relation to its alleged lack of knowledge of the existence of the demise
charterparty and the time charterparty. According to the plaintiff, they knew
about these two charterparties only after the time bar has apparently set in.
The plaintiff relied on the two decisions, _The “Duden”_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 984
and _The “Xanadu”_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 360 in support of its position that the
time-bar condition should be imposed.

46 In my view, the two decisions submitted are not relevant in the present
case. This is because _even if_ the plaintiff _knew_ about the charterparties
before the time bar has apparently set in, the plaintiff’s position is that
the time bar does not apply in any event. The plaintiff takes the position
that there is in fact no evidence to show that more than a year has elapsed
since the cargo was completely discharged and delivered to third parties,
given the mere bare assertions of delivery made in Rolf Zapffe’s first
affidavit. As pointed out by the plaintiff, the alleged delivery of the cargo
to the vessel, CMB Pamerol, is in contradiction with the sea-web searches
conducted by the plaintiff that the said vessel does not even exist in the
first place. The plaintiff highlighted the complete lack of evidence to show
that the balance quantity of cargo (amounting to 1,078 MT of fuel oil) has
been delivered, and hence the lack of indication of when the one year time bar
period had begun to run. In addition, the plaintiff pointed out that the face
of the bills of lading state that the cargo was intended for delivery to
“bunkers for ocean-going vessels”, as opposed to a _port_. Counsel argued that
by a purposive reading of section 3(2) of the Singapore Carriage of Goods by
Sea Act (Cap. 33) and section 1(3) of the Carriage of Goods by Sea Act 1971 of
England, the time bar defence under Article III, rule 6 of the Hague-Visby
Rules applies only to bills of lading where the intended carriage is _between
ports_ , which is not the situation in the present case. In other words, the
plaintiff’s position is that the time bar does not apply both in fact and in
law. This is regardless of the plaintiff’s knowledge of the existence of the
two charterparties.

47 If the arbitral tribunal decides as a preliminary question that it has no
jurisdiction, on the premise that no arbitration agreement has been concluded
between the plaintiff and Oceanic, no issue of time bar arises and the
plaintiff will have the chance to seek recourse from the courts. If the
arbitral tribunal decides that it has jurisdiction to determine the dispute,
the plaintiff can place the very same arguments before the arbitral tribunal
for its consideration on why the time bar does not apply, both in fact and in
law. It is not for the courts to pick and determine what issues should be
placed before the arbitral tribunal by way of imposing conditions to a stay of
court proceedings, where parties have already consented to refer their dispute
to arbitration, and where the relevant issues fall within the scope of the
arbitration agreement. This must be so if party autonomy is respected. It is
not in dispute before me, neither is it submitted by counsel for the
plaintiff, that the issue on whether Oceanic is entitled to rely on the time
bar falls within the scope of the arbitration agreement. A party to an
arbitration agreement will not be allowed a backdoor way of obviating the
limited scope of the court’s review of an arbitral award allowed under our
arbitral framework, by cherry picking the issues which may be placed before
the arbitral tribunal via a conditional stay of court proceedings. For these
reasons, the time-bar condition is not allowed. I will add here
parenthetically that whether the plaintiff had in fact known about the
charterparties prior to when the time-bar had apparently set in appears to be
a matter which may be further examined by questioning the relevant witnesses
at the arbitral proceedings.

Conclusion

48 In the circumstances, the plaintiff’s action against Oceanic is stayed
pursuant to section 6 of the IAA in favour of arbitration at the Singapore
Chamber of Maritime Arbitration, with the arrested vessel be retained as
security in the satisfaction of any arbitral award given. I will hear parties
on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Dec 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

