Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Cherie Hearts Group International Pte Ltd and others _v_ G8 Education Ltd  
[2013] SGHC 116

Case Number| :| Suit No 211 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 May 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Vincent Leow and Michelle Yap (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the plaintiffs; Vikneswari d/o Muthiah and Mr Lionel Chan (Harry Elias
Partnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Cherie Hearts Group International Pte Ltd and others — G8
Education Ltd  
  
28 May 2013|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The trial of this action took place in 2011 and in April 2012, I delivered a
judgment ([2012] SGHC 70) in which I granted the defendant, G8 Education Ltd
(“G8”), specific performance of a contract dated 28 October 2010 between G8,
the first plaintiff, Cherie Hearts Group International Pte Ltd (“CHG”), 19
other entities (who together with CHG were defined as “Sellers”) and the
second and third plaintiffs as covenantors. The contract was subsequently
amended twice. The parties termed this contract the “Business Acquisition
Contract” and I shall refer to it, as it was subsequently amended, as the
“BAC”.

2 Subsequent to my judgment, the parties attended before me on several
occasions to work out the terms on which specific performance of the BAC
should take place. I made various orders in this regard. G8 is not satisfied
with some of those orders and has appealed. The orders that I made related to
the amounts that G8 would be entitled to deduct from the purchase price at the
time of completion of the BAC. It is relevant that, in a previous hearing, an
order had been made for an assessment hearing to be conducted by the Registrar
to determine certain amounts payable by CHG to G8. It was further ordered that
pending such determination, these amounts were to be deducted from the
purchase price and placed in escrow.

3 I had several hearings to try and fix a date for completion or “Financial
Close” as the parties referred to it and in the course of these hearings,
several orders had to be made to establish what was required from each side on
completion. The aim of these hearings was to facilitate completion. During
these hearings, G8 was represented by Harry Elias Partnership LLP (“HEP”) and
CHG by Allen & Gledhill LLP (“A&G”). Since then, Messrs Nalpon & Co have taken
over conduct of the matter for CHG from A&G.

Orders made and relevant clauses

4 The appeal by G8 is against the following orders which I made on 31 January
2013:

(a) That no account shall be taken of the issue of the parents’ deposit monies
for the purposes of Financial Close;

(b) That no account shall be taken of the issue of the rectification costs for
the purposes of Financial Close;

(c) That no account shall be taken of the issue of the compensation for the
missing motor vehicles for the purposes of Financial Close;

(d) That the order that interest under the Loan Agreement is to stop accruing
on 12 November 2012 cannot be varied; and

(e) That clause 8 of the [BAC] (as varied) does not cover the expenses
incurred by [G8] on behalf of [CHG] from 1 March 2011.

5 I set out below some relevant clauses of the BAC:

**1.1** **Defined terms**

**Businesses** means all of the businesses of the Cherie Hearts Group ...

**Financial Close** means the earliest date where all the AO Centres and Other
Centres have been given OBLS approval for the transfer to [G8’s] nominated
entity, or such other date as agreed by the parties.

**Loan Agreement** means the loan agreement between [CHG] as borrower and [G8]
as lender dated 17 September 2010 as subsequently varied in writing by the
parties.

**2.2** **Purchase Price**

The Purchase Price is S$24,610,027, to be satisfied in the following manner:

(a)firstly, by way of payment of S$1.5 million to [CHG] upon execution of the
Deed of Assignment of Franchise Agreements ... .

(b)secondly, by way of set off of the Total Indebtedness under the Loan
Agreement in partial satisfaction of the Purchase Price;

(c)thirdly, by payment to Tembusu Growth Fund Limited of ...

(d)fourthly, by assumption of current financed liabilities of [CHG] to a
maximum of $3,560,000 ...

(e)lastly, the balance Purchase Price is payable in Immediately Available
Funds.

In relation to clause 2.2(b) above, the parties acknowledge that:

•An offset against Total Indebtedness under the Loan Agreement has occurred
through the assignment of the Franchise Agreements ... .

•In relation to the AO centres and Other Centres, the Buyer will receive the
profits and bear the expenses of those Businesses from 1 March 2011, subject
to the legal transfer of such Business to the Buyer or its nominated entity on
satisfaction of all conditions precedent (including lease assignment and
lodgement of the child care licences with the Department by 28 February 2011).
In the meantime, monies advanced under the Loan Agreement shall incur interest
as provided therein provided that on 1 March 2011 an offset against the Total
Indebtedness under the Loan Agreement shall occur in partial satisfaction of
the Purchase Price.

**8.4** **Seller’s Parent Credit Accounts/Bond Monies**

At Financial Close the Sellers must pay to the Buyer an amount equal to the
total of or all:

(i) payments or prepayments;

(ii) deposits; and

(iii) credits or bond monies,

received by the Sellers from clients of the Business, for services to be
provided, sold or supplied by the Business after Financial Close
(Prepayments).

Reasons for my decision

Parents’ deposit monies

6 The submission made by G8 was that pursuant to cl 8.4 of the BAC, CHG had to
pay G8 on Financial Close all deposit monies in the parents’ credit accounts
and/or bond monies that it had received for the ten childcare centres sold to
G8. On 15 November 2012, G8 had, through HEP, informed CHG of its obligations
in this regard. It had also asked for a list of the bonds supplied by the
parents. However, no substantive reply was received to this request until 28
January 2013, the date of the hearing. On that date, A&G stated that CHG had
only received $10,210 in respect of the centre run by Teeny-Tiny Childcare
Centre & Development Pte Ltd (“Teeny Tiny Centre”) and that there were no
deposit monies for the other centres. G8 did not accept this response and
submitted that there must have been deposit amounts taken by the other centres
as well.

7 The response to this from CHG was that no bond monies or deposits had been
received from the parents at all. The deposits referred to in cl 8.4 were
deposits that were to be made for services to be rendered after Financial
Close and nine of these centres had not been operated by CHG and the other
Sellers since March 2011, a period of nearly two years. The sum of $10,210 in
respect of the Teeny-Tiny Centre was for the January 2013 school fees for that
centre and, therefore, did not fall within cl 8.4.

8 The order that I made was that parties were entitled to reserve their
respective positions in respect of the claim to deposits but, for the purposes
of Financial Close, no account was to be taken of this item. This was because
there was no proof before me of any amount received on account of deposits
from the parents of children in the ten childcare centres or any evidence as
to what the quantum of such deposits might be. Whilst the clause provided for
deposits received to be paid over, it would only operate if indeed such
deposits had been paid to the Sellers.

Motor vehicles

9 Under cl 5.3(x) of the BAC read with Schedule 3 entitled “Plant and
Equipment”, on completion CHG was obliged to furnish G8 with all properly
executed documents required to transfer to G8 any motor vehicle included as
part of the Plant and Equipment under Schedule 3. It was G8’s position that
there were three motor vehicles that were covered by this clause and that the
same had to be delivered to it on completion and if they were not, G8 would be
entitled to full compensation for their non-delivery.

10 CHG’s position was that it owned two motor vehicles at the date the BAC was
originally entered but that these motor vehicles had thereafter been sold. It
was asserted that the motor vehicles had been handed over to G8 in May 2011
after G8 had taken over some of the childcare centres but, shortly thereafter,
on 25 May 2011, the vehicles had been returned to CHG by G8. The vehicles were
then sold and after hire purchase commitments were met, CHG recovered $3,800
for one and $2,400 for the other.

11 Whilst it was apparent that at least two motor vehicles were covered by the
BAC and should have been available for delivery to G8 on completion, I was not
in a position to determine either the truth of CHG’s assertion that it had
handed over the vehicles to G8 but that they had been rejected or to determine
the value of the vehicles in the event that G8 had not rejected them. It was
not even possible for me to ascertain whether there were two vehicles or three
that had to be delivered. G8 wanted full compensation but the amount of this
could not be determined by me because the evidence required was lacking. I
needed a valuation of the vehicles plus information as to whether any amounts
were owing on account of hire purchase. I therefore decided that the best
course to take would be to refer the issue of the motor vehicles to the
Registrar who was holding the assessment to decide whether it was a breach of
the BAC for CHG to have sold the vehicles and, if so, to determine what
damages were payable to G8 in respect thereof. I was not in a position to
determine what amount should be deducted from the Purchase Price on completion
to account of G8’s claim in respect of the vehicles.

Rectification costs

12 Under cl 5.1 of the BAC, CHG was obliged to allow G8’s representatives
access to the various centres on the day prior to Financial Close to inspect
the same and ensure that they were in substantially the same condition and
order that they had been in as at the date of the BAC (_ie_ 27 October 2010).
If the centres were no longer in substantially the same condition and order,
then CHG had to do all things reasonably required by G8 to return the centres
to that condition and order.

13 It was G8’s position that the centres needed work to be done on them to
return them to the condition they were in on 27 October 2010. G8 wanted to set
off the sum of $888,800 from the Purchase Price towards account of the costs
that it alleged it would incur in rectifying the childcare centres. I was
given a document entitled “CHGI Centres Makeover Projected Costs” which
contained a breakdown of work to be done at the various centres and the
estimated costs thereof. The items of work included things like painting the
premises, repairing the flooring, providing new furniture and curtains,
repairing leaking roofs and rewiring.

14 G8’s claim for these costs was first indicated, somewhat obliquely, to CHG
by HEP’s letter dated 16 November 2012 to A&G. In para 5d. of the letter, HEP
stated that before Financial Close, CHG must:

Allow [G8] to inspect [the Teeny Tiny Centre] no later than 3 days before
Financial Close, and upon request by [G8], to do all things reasonably
required by [G8] to have the premises of the centres returned to the condition
and order they were in as at 28 October 2010, with fair wear and tear
excluded. We are further instructed that [G8] is currently inspecting the
remaining 9 children centre to determine whether any rectifications need to be
made in respect of issues that arose before 1 March 2011, and our client will
update you on the outcome of the inspections at the soonest.

15 A&G’s response was that an inspection of the Teeny Tiny Centre had taken
place on 7 November 2012 and no questions regarding the condition of the
premises had been raised by G8 during the inspection. Further, CHG objected to
G8’s intention to raise issues regarding the condition of the other nine
childcare centres because G8 had had control over these centres since 1 March
2011 and had never raised any such issues previously. HEP replied on 29
November to state that G8 would be providing CHG with details of the works
that needed to be carried out on the centres and which works had arisen before
1 March 2011.

16 On 27 December 2012, HEP sent A&G a “schedule setting out the rectification
costs for the respective childcare centres”. This “schedule” was the document
that I refer to in [13] above.

17 When the parties appeared before me, G8 submitted that the sum of $888,800
should be deducted from the Purchase Price at Financial Close and placed in
escrow pending determination of the actual amount due. CHG objected on the
basis that the schedule did not disclose that the centres were not in the same
condition on 1 March 2011 as they had been on 27 October 2010. No list had
been furnished to CHG showing the condition of the centres on either of the
two dates or how the same had changed between those dates. G8 responded that
the schedule was essentially a depreciation schedule and the centres had to be
returned to substantially the same condition they had been in on 27 October
2010. CHG maintained its objection to any deduction from the Purchase Price
and also argued that apart from quantum, it was entitled to object on the
basis that, as required under cl 5.1, it had not been given an opportunity to
rectify the centres and bring them back to the same condition as they had been
in previously.

18 I decided that no amount should be deducted from the Purchase Price on the
basis of an academic calculation of the degree to which the various centres
had depreciated between 27 October 2010 and 1 March 2011. Even if I had been
inclined to make such a deduction, I did not have any expert evidence as to
the rate of depreciation. All I had was a bare schedule. In order to claim
rectification costs from CHG, G8 would have had to first show what condition
the various centres were in on 27 October 2010 and then show how the same had
changed on 1 March 2011. After that it would have to provide proof as to how
much it would cost to put the centres back into the original condition. None
of this evidence was available to me.

Interest under the Loan Agreement

19 At a hearing on 8 October 2012, I ordered that Financial Close was to take
place three weeks after G8 had lodged all 15 applications for licences of the
15 childcare centres with the relevant ministry on the OBLS. In respect of all
centres apart from the two Gloryland Centres and the Teeny Tiny Centre, G8 was
to lodge the applications by 15 October 2012. In respect of the Gloryland and
Teeny Tiny Centres, CHG had to provide G8 with the requisite information for
the applications and G8 was to lodge the applications within seven days of
receipt of the information.

20 At a subsequent hearing on 5 November 2012, I was informed that, based on
the order made on 8 October 2012, Financial Close was scheduled to take place
on 5 November 2012. HEP informed me that G8 could not complete on that day
because the Housing & Development Board (“HDB”) needed time to transfer the
leases of the childcare centres to G8 and needed three weeks from 28 October
2012 when it had been informed of the OBLS applications. So, the earliest date
for Financial Close would have to be 19 November 2012.

21 CHG then submitted that interest on the Loan Agreement (as defined in the
BAC) should stop running as from 5 November 2012 because there was no reason
why G8 could not have put in the applications to the HDB by 21 October 2012
when the application for the Teeny-Tiny Centre was ready instead of waiting
till 28 November 2012. If OBLS approval depended on the HDB then it was for G8
to ensure that the HDB had been informed early.

22 I accepted CHG’s argument. I agreed that Financial Close had been delayed
by reason of a default on the part of G8 in lodging the applications with the
HDB for assignment of the tenancies. I therefore held that interest on the
amounts due to G8 under the Loan Agreement should cease to run as of 12
November 2012 being the date falling three weeks and one day after 21 October
2012.

23 At the hearing on 28 January 2013, G8 submitted that there had been a
change in circumstances which justified a variation in the order that I had
made stopping the accrual of interest. It argued that during the 5 November
2012 hearing, parties had proceeded on the basis that there was no impediment
to OBLS approvals being obtained. Subsequently, during the hearing that took
place on 12 November 2012, HEP had raised the issue of CHG’s failure to make
payment of arrears of rent due for the Teeny Tiny Centre to HDB. A&G then
informed the court that CHG would be arranging to make payment of the arrears
but in the event, such payment was only made on 22 November 2012. Due to this
delay in payment, the ministry’s approval of the applications for the
assignment of the tenancies and the transfers of the childcare licences was
also delayed. OBLS approval for Teeny Tiny was obtained only on 20 December
2012. It was submitted that since CHG’s delay resulted in the approvals for
the Teeny Tiny Centre being pushed back, interest under the Loan Agreement
should only stop accruing on 20 December 2012, being the date on which all
OBLS approvals had been obtained. CHG’s response to this submission was that
at all times G8 had been aware of the arrears of rental for the Teeny Tiny
Centre because G8 had been paying the rent itself for a year and had then
stopped doing so.

24 I declined to vary the order. I took the view that once I had ordered
interest to stop accruing because of the default of the lender, G8, I could
not vary that order and reinstate the interest payment. If, to G8’s knowledge,
there were arrears of rental at the time I made the order, it should have
brought the arrears to my attention. In any case, once the order had been made
it could not be changed except on appeal.

Deduction of expenses incurred after 1 March 2011

25 Clause 8.1 of the BAC provides:

**8.1** **Payments made in respect to the period after Financial Close**

(a)If the Sellers have on or before Financial Close made payment of any
Outgoings in connection with the Business, which relates to a period after
Financial Close and has[_sic_] given [G8] Notice within a reasonable time
prior to Financial Close specifying those payments, [G8] agrees to pay to the
Sellers that amount at Financial Close (by adjustment to the Completion
Payment) to the extent that it relates to the period after Financial Close,
with the exception that this clause does not relate to:

...

(b)Where [G8] accepts a Liability in respect of an Outgoing in connection with
the Business for a period before Financial Close and the Sellers have not paid
or reimbursed that Outgoing, the Sellers must at Financial Close either:

(i)pay to [G8] the amount of the Liability; or

(ii)permit the deduction of the amount of the Liability from the Completion
Payment,

at [G8’s] election.

(c)For the purposes of sub-clauses 8.1(a) and 8.1(b) the reference to an
‘Outgoing’ includes rent and outgoings under the Premises Lease and any other
reasonable outgoings or expenses payable by the Sellers for or in respect of
the Business or the Premises.

26 G8 submitted that the expenses incurred by it for the operation of the
childcare centres constituted “Outgoings” incurred in connection with the
Business for a period before Financial Close and fell within cl 8.1(b). Hence,
the court might take the view that such expenses might be legitimately set off
from the balance Purchase Price payable on Financial Close. Further or
alternatively, pursuant to cl 8 of the BAC, the court might take the view that
CHG was to pay G8 any such sums due and owing to G8 on Financial Close.

27 The issue of what expenses incurred by G8 in relation to the childcare
centres could be deducted from the Purchase Price on Financial Close came up
several times during the hearings before me. On 16 October 2012, HEP wrote to
A&G setting out G8’s draft statement of account detailing the deductions to be
made from the Purchase Price upon completion. Among these was the sum of
$3,708,389 which was described as “reimbursement of G8’s expenses from 1 March
2011 to August 2012” and had been derived as follows:

Expenses incurred by G8 from 1 March 2011 to August 2012 (excluding HQ costs) |  7,580,513  
---|---  
_Less_ : |   
(1) Revenue received by G8 from 1 March 2011 to August 2012 |  2,831,016  
(2) Revenue received from [CHG] from 1 March 2011 to August 2012 (pursuant to Court Order) |  1,041,108   
  
  

28 CHG objected to the deduction of this amount. First, it did not accept that
G8 had incurred total expenses of $7,580,513 as asserted. G8 had not produced
any documentary evidence of the amount apart from a bare assertion. Second,
the court had ordered on 8 October 2012, prior to the HEP letter in question,
that all expenses incurred by G8 in operating the childcare centres from 1
March 2011 should be assessed by the Registrar. G8 had not previously taken
the position that any expenses which it had allegedly incurred should be
deducted from the Purchase Price on Financial Close. Given the number of
childcare centres involved and the 18-month period in respect of which G8 had
incurred these expenses, the assessment was likely to be complicated and time
consuming and there was no reason why G8’s obligation to make payment of the
balance of the Purchase Price on Financial Close should be suspended until
after assessment by the Registrar.

29 Having heard arguments on 23 October 2012, I made an order that G8’s
expenses from 1 March 2011 to August 2012 should not be deducted from the
Purchase Price. Subsequently, on 5 November 2012, I ordered that balance of
the Purchase Price payable was not to be placed in escrow pending the
determination of the expenses. It was this issue that was raised again at the
hearings in January 2013. At these later hearings, G8 drew my attention to cl
8.1 and submitted that by virtue of this clause, the deductions were
legitimate. As regards the argument about substantiation, G8 pointed out that
in January 2013, it had provided CHG with a report by the accounting firm
Korda Mentha Neo (“KPMG”) verifying that the expenses claimed by G8 were
substantiated by documentary evidence. KPMG had verified only two categories
of expenses, wages and rent. After deducting the revenue received by G8 for
the relevant period (which was also verified by KPMG), the net expenses that
G8 had paid from 1 March 2011 to December 2012 in respect of wages and rent
amounted to $2,748,461.64. G8 asked for that amount to be deducted from the
Purchase Price.

30 CHG did not accept that cl 8.1(b) covered the situation of the expenses
paid by G8 between 1 March 2011 and August 2012. It submitted that the clause
dealt with the situation where there was a specific obligation that had to be
paid by the Sellers and G8 accepted the liability to pay. This had to be
distinguished from the situation before the court which was that the buyer,
G8, had taken over the running of the childcare centres and for that reason
had to meet the expenses of the centres. This clause did not operate to allow
a deduction in that situation. The clause envisaged payments made by G8 in
respect of liabilities which were incurred by the Sellers during the course of
running the childcare centres. G8’s response was that under cl 8.1(c), the
term “Outgoings” included rental under the leases for the premises and other
reasonable outgoings or expenses payable for the Business. Such reasonable
expenses must necessarily include wages. Therefore, payments made by G8 to
cover rental and expenses could be adjusted against the Purchase Price on
Financial Close.

31 Having construed cl 8.1 in the context of the BAC, I agreed with CHG that
it did not cover the situation that had in fact occurred. The situation that
cl 8.1(b) envisaged was a situation in which G8 accepted the liability to pay
for an expense of a childcare centre while that centre was still under the
control of the Sellers before Financial Close. It was therefore an expense
that the Sellers should have borne rather than G8 because the Sellers were
running the childcare centres. Such expense would be taken over by G8 on the
basis of an ad hoc agreement between the Sellers and G8. The BAC was
constructed on the basis that control of the childcare centres would pass from
the Sellers to G8 upon Financial Close. It did not contemplate that G8 would
be able to take over control of the childcare centres before completion using
its powers under the Loan Agreement and the security documentation related to
the same. Once G8 used such powers to effect the takeover, the situation was
no longer covered by the BAC but was controlled by the loan documentation. I
therefore concluded that payment by G8 of any expenses incurred in running the
childcare centres after enforcing its rights under the loan documentation was
not within cl 8.1(b).

32 In the event, therefore, I ordered that the expenses incurred by G8 in
running the childcare centres between 1 March 2011 and August 2012 could not
be deducted from the Purchase Price.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 May 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

