Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Virsagi Management (S) Pte Ltd _v_ Welltech Construction Pte Ltd and
another appeal  
[2013] SGCA 50

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 90 and 91 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 September 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andrew J Hanam (Andrew LLC) for the appellant in Civil
Appeal No 90 of 2012 and Civil Appeal No 91 of 2012; Ramalingam Kasi (Raj
Kumar & Rama) for the respondent in Civil Appeal No 90 of 2012; Cheah Kok Lim
(Cheah Associates LLC) for the respondent in Civil Appeal No 91 of 2012.  
Parties| :|  Virsagi Management (S) Pte Ltd — Welltech Construction Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 207.]

25 September 2013|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 Civil Appeal No 90 of 2012 (“CA 90”) and Civil Appeal No 91 of 2012 (“CA
91”) were appeals against the decision by the judge (“the Judge”) in _Virsagi
Management (S) Pte Ltd v Welltech Construction Pte Ltd_ [2012] SGHC 207 (“the
GD”).

2 We dismissed the appeals and now give the detailed grounds for our decision.

The facts

Background to the dispute

3 In 2006, the Building and Construction Authority of Singapore (“BCA”)
invited companies to set up authorised overseas training centres (“OTCs”) in
India and Bangladesh. These OTCs trained, tested and certified workers for
employment in the construction industry in Singapore. The companies which ran
these OTCs had to meet certain criteria determined by the BCA. Welltech
Construction Pte Ltd (“Welltech”) met these criteria but Virsagi Management
(S) Pte Ltd (“Virsagi”) did not, even though it had the necessary expertise in
operating OTCs. Accordingly, Mr Lee Siong Kee (“Victor”), the director and
shareholder of Virsagi, approached Welltech with the following proposition:
Welltech was to apply for the BCA licence pursuant to which Victor/Virsagi
would run an OTC in Dhaka.

4 Welltech was successfully shortlisted in an initial ballot exercise
conducted by the BCA in October 2006. Under the terms and conditions set out
by the BCA for the setting-up and operation of OTCs, Welltech was required to
set up a company in Bangladesh to manage the OTC as well as retain at least a
30% shareholding in that company.

5 Virsagi introduced a Bangladesh-registered company, Rupsha Overseas Ltd
(“Rupsha”), to Welltech as their local partner for the joint venture.
Welltech, Virsagi and Rupsha entered into an undated agreement (“the Rupsha
Agreement”) under which the parties agreed to set up a joint venture company,
Welltech Test Pvt Ltd (“WTPL”), for the purpose of operating the OTC.[note: 1]
The Rupsha Agreement was submitted to the BCA by Welltech by way of a letter
dated 24 November 2006. We will return to the main narrative momentarily but
we pause here to mention that the Rupsha Agreement was never carried out, as
Rupsha was replaced by another Bangladesh incorporated company, GN
International (“GNI”). GNI was eventually replaced by Mr Ferdous Ahmed Badel
(who claims it should be spelt “Fardous Ahamad Badel”) trading as Gazipur Air
Express International (“Badel” or “Gazipur”, as the case may be) in 2009 (see
further at [9] below).

6 On 25 November 2006, the joint venture company, WTPL, was incorporated with
100 shares issued. Victor held 40 shares as a representative of Virsagi, Mr
Woon Wee Phong (“Woon”), a director of Welltech, held 30 shares and
Badel/Gazipur held or came to hold 30 shares.

7 On 6 December 2006, the BCA granted Welltech in-principle approval to set up
an OTC in Dhaka, Bangladesh. This approval was valid for a period of three
years with effect from 6 December 2006, and would be reviewed yearly
thereafter.

8 In early 2007, Virsagi and Welltech entered into a written agreement (“the
Principal Agreement”) under which they set out their respective roles in the
establishment and operation of the OTC in Dhaka. Welltech was to obtain the
BCA licence and also agreed to employ workers trained by the OTC for its own
construction business in Singapore. Virsagi was to do everything else that was
necessary for the running of the OTC including the operations in Bangladesh.
This included the incorporation of a joint venture company in Bangladesh named
WTPL. It is not disputed that the Principal Agreement was terminated on 31
December 2011.

9 Virsagi then entered into an agreement dated 26 April 2007 with GNI, to
establish the OTC (“the GNI Agreement”). GNI was controlled by Mr Aminul
Hossain Sarker (“Sarker”) and Badel. Subsequently, Badel and Sarker fell out,
and this led to Virsagi entering into a fresh agreement with Gazipur, which
was controlled by Badel, on 26 April 2009 (“the Gazipur Agreement”). Under the
Gazipur Agreement, Gazipur was to obtain the necessary licences to set up and
run the OTC in Bangladesh, while Virsagi was to handle the BCA testing of the
workers and to mobilise them to work in Singapore as well as to obtain
approval from the Ministry of Manpower for their employment in Singapore.

Events leading up to the dispute

10 According to Victor, Woon and Badel met in Singapore in 2010. At that
meeting, they agreed to operate the OTC to the exclusion of Virsagi. It
appears that Victor found out about that. He told the parties that he intended
in any case to retire from the OTC business and invited them to buy him out
instead.

11 The parties worked out a scheme pursuant to which Virsagi would provide the
requisite training to Welltech to take over the business, and Victor would
also sell his 40% share in WTPL to Badel. This arrangement was later
abandoned, because Victor took issue with Gazipur working together with a
person named Mr Taneem Hasan in the OTC business in Dhaka. While the buyout
negotiations continued, the parties agreed to extend the Principal Agreement,
which was due to expire on 31 December 2010, by another year, to 31 December
2011. It was not extended further thereafter.

12 In the event, the buyout negotiations failed. Virsagi wrote to Welltech on
14 December 2011 threatening legal action if it continued to be excluded from
the OTC business.

The Bangladesh proceedings

13 Victor (since the shareholder in WTPL is Victor and not Virsagi) commenced
legal action in Company Matter No 8 of 2012 (“CM 8/2012”) on 5 January 2012 in
the Supreme Court of Bangladesh, High Court Division (Statutory Original
Jurisdiction) in Dhaka (“Dhaka High Court”) seeking orders concerning WTPL.
Victor claimed that the other majority shareholders were carrying out the
business of an OTC and mobilising workers with other parties without the
participation of WTPL and Victor/Virsagi. Victor made an application under s
233 of the Companies Act (Bangladesh) 1994 (Act No 18 of 1994) (“Bangladesh
Companies Act”) and sought from the Dhaka High Court:

(a) a direction that the other shareholders of WTPL are “to continue their
business as an [OTC] in Bangladesh through [WTPL] with the active
participation of the petitioner”; and

(b) pending the disposal of CM 8/2012, an ad-interim order restraining Woon
and Badel “from doing [OTC] business in Bangladesh for export of manpower to
Singapore by themselves, or through any company in which they are an officer
or a shareholder, except through the [OTC] operated by [WTPL] and with the
active participation of the petitioner”.[note: 2]

14 On 9 January 2012, Victor obtained the ad-interim order (see above at
[13(b)]) from the Dhaka High Court restraining Welltech and Gazipur from
conducting the OTC business in Bangladesh for export of manpower to Singapore
by themselves or through any company except WTPL, and with the active
participation of Victor (“the Dhaka Order”). The Dhaka Order was then stayed
on 15 January 2012 pursuant to an application made by Badel in Bangladesh.

15 CM 8/2012 was heard by the Dhaka High Court on 15 and 16 April 2012, and a
written judgment was delivered on 21 June 2012 dismissing Victor’s
application. Victor appealed against the Dhaka High Court’s decision and that
appeal was still pending at the time we heard the present appeals.

The proceedings in Singapore

16 On 26 January 2012, after the Dhaka Order was stayed but before CM 8/2012
was heard by the Dhaka High Court, Virsagi commenced Suit No 63 of 2012 (“Suit
63”) and Suit No 64 of 2012 (“Suit 64”) in the Singapore courts.

17 Suit 63 was an action by Virsagi against Welltech for inducing Badel to
breach the Gazipur Agreement and for unlawful interference with the Gazipur
Agreement. Virsagi sought, _inter alia_ , an injunction to restrain Welltech
from further interference with the Gazipur Agreement, an order that Virsagi be
allowed to resume its scope of work under the Gazipur Agreement, damages, and
an account of profits.

18 Suit 64 was an action by Virsagi against Badel for breach of contract
seeking, _inter alia_ , an injunction to restrain Badel from terminating the
Gazipur Agreement, an order that Virsagi be allowed to resume its scope of
work under the Gazipur Agreement, damages, and an account of profits.

The decision in the court below

19 The Judge stayed both Suit 63 and Suit 64 on the grounds of both _lis alibi
pendens_ (however, see below at [41] on the correct terminology to be used) as
well as _forum non conveniens_.

20 The Judge found that although the causes of action of the various
proceedings were different, the reliefs claimed against Welltech and Gazipur
by Virsagi in both jurisdictions were substantially the same. In particular,
Virsagi wanted to ensure that Welltech and Badel could only carry on the OTC
business in Bangladesh with Virsagi’s involvement. On this basis, the Judge
found that the proceedings in both jurisdictions concerned the same issues.
The Judge also held that the issues arose from the same factual matrix. In
addition, the Judge said (see the GD at [27]) that the common issues before
both the Singapore and Dhaka courts, were as follows:

(a) whether Virsagi was “entitled to insist that Badel/Gazipur continue with
the Gazipur Agreement when the Principal Agreement has been validly
terminated”; and

(b) “in these circumstances, whether Welltech and Badel/Gazipur could carry on
OTC business in Dhaka without involving Virsagi”.

21 The Judge added that even if the issue of _lis alibi pendens_ had been the
only issue before him, he would have been prepared to grant a stay of Suit 63
and Suit 64 on the facts as they appeared at that stage of the proceedings.

22 For completeness, the Judge also found that Bangladesh was clearly the more
appropriate forum to determine the disputes after considering the principles
of _forum non conveniens_ set out in the leading House of Lords decision of
_Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“the _Spiliada_
principles”) (see the GD at [28]–[38]).

The issues

23 The issues before this Court were:

(a) Whether the proceedings in Suit 63 and Suit 64 should be stayed based on
the doctrine of _lis alibi pendens_ (however, see below at [41] on the correct
terminology to be used) (“Issue 1”).

(b) Whether the proceedings in Suit 63 and Suit 64 should be stayed on the
ground of _forum non conveniens_ (“Issue 2”).

24 We should state at the outset that, whilst we agree wholly with the
decision of the Judge with regard to Issue 2, we respectfully differ from him
with regard to Issue 1. Indeed, as we shall explain in a moment, Issue 1 ought
not to have been canvassed in the manner it was in the court below. Further,
we are of the view that, in any event, the Judge’s holding on this particular
issue in relation to the facts is (again, with respect) erroneous. In the
circumstances, these grounds of decision are confined to only these two
(related) matters in respect of Issue 1. Given, however, our decision with
regard to Issue 2, we dismissed the appeals.

Our decision

Staying of proceedings on the ground of lis alibi pendens

25 It will be recalled that the Judge considered the issue of _lis alibi
pendens_ as a distinct issue in its own right to _stay the proceedings_ in
Suit 63 and Suit 64.

26 A _lis alibi pendens_ , translated literally, means an action or suit
pending elsewhere. Strictly speaking, one would utilise the concept of a _lis
alibi pendens_ only in relation to “simultaneous actions pending in [the local
court, in this case Singapore] and in a foreign country between the same
parties and involving the same or similar issues” (see _Dicey, Morris and
Collins on the Conflict of Laws_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2012) at
para 12-042). The more pertinent question in the context of the present
judgment is how the presence of a _lis alibi pendens_ affects the decision of
the court in respect of its exercise of jurisdiction over proceedings seised
in Singapore. Some clarification of the various effects of a _lis alibi
pendens_ in this regard is necessary.

The effect of a lis alibi pendens on the issue of jurisdiction before the
court

27 As a starting point, a _lis alibi pendens_ may arise in two types of
factual situations; as observed by M Karthigesu JA, delivering the judgment of
this court in _Yusen Air & Sea Service (S) Ptd Ltd v KLM Royal Dutch Airlines_
[1999] 2 SLR(R) 955 (“ _Yusen Air_ ”) (at [16]):

This appeal requires the consideration of the applicable principles governing
a situation where a plaintiff commences two sets of proceedings, one the local
forum and another in a foreign jurisdiction against the defendant in respect
of the same issues arising from the same underlying factual matrix. Such _lis
alibi pendens_ can come about in _two ways: first, where the same plaintiff
sues the same defendant in Singapore and abroad; and second, where the
plaintiff sues the defendant in Singapore and the defendant sues the plaintiff
abroad, or_ vice versa. [emphasis added]

For ease of reference as well as analysis, we will term the first way “common
plaintiff” situations, and the second way “reversed parties” situations (see
the taxonomy used in J D McClean, “Jurisdiction and Judicial Discretion”
(1969) 18 ICLQ 931 at 934).

28 This distinction was held to have a substantive significance; as further
observed by Karthigesu JA (also at [16] in _Yusen Air_):

It is settled law that, in the [reversed parties] situation, the existence of
concurrent proceedings in another jurisdiction is only an additional factor to
be considered under the test laid down by the House of Lords in _Spiliada
Maritime Corp v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”) in deciding
whether to stay the local proceedings (_De Dampierre v De Dampierre_ [1988] AC
92; _The Hooghly Mills Co Ltd v Seltron Pte Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 757).
However, in the [common plaintiff] situation, the English courts have taken
the view that, except in very unusual circumstances, such a plaintiff would be
put to an election and he would have to decide which jurisdiction he wishes to
pursue his claim. The leading authority on this point is the judgment of Sir
Browne-Wilkinson VC (as he then was) in the case of _Australian Commercial
Research_ [_Australian Commercial Research and Development Ltd v ANZ McCaughan
Merchant Bank Ltd_ [1989] 3 All ER 65].

29 A _lis alibi pendens_ therefore operates as a _fact_ to which our rules on
private international law accord _legal significance_ by reference to two (and
only two) separate legal doctrines. The first is what we shall term “the
doctrine of forum election”, whilst the second is the more familiar doctrine
of _forum non conveniens_. It is clear from _Yusen Air_ that whether the
doctrine of forum election applies, however, is dependent on how the _lis
alibi pendens_ comes about (_ie_ , whether it is a common plaintiff or
reversed parties type situation). We will elaborate, in turn, on how each
doctrine operates and their legal significance on how the court will decide a
question of jurisdiction when faced with a _lis alibi pendens_.

(1) The doctrine of forum election

30 An application made by the defendant to put the plaintiff to an election is
the first way in which a _lis alibi pendens_ may affect the jurisdiction of
the court under private international law. This will apply _only_ in a _common
plaintiff_ situation. The court in _Yusen Air_ further elaborated (at [27]) on
the approach to be taken in such cases:

In our judgment, when a plaintiff sues the same defendant in two or more
different jurisdictions over the same subject matter, the defendant can take
up an application to compel the plaintiff to make an election as to which set
of proceedings he wishes to pursue. _For the purposes of an election, the
considerations of_ forum conveniens _do not come into play. However, the
defendant would need to demonstrate a duplicity of actions in the different
jurisdictions. Once this is established, the burden of proof then shifts to
the plaintiff to justify the continuance of the concurrent proceedings by
showing “very unusual circumstances”. If the plaintiff fails to demonstrate
such unusual circumstances, he would have to make an election._ [emphasis
added]

It is important to note that the court in _Yusen Air_ made clear that when the
plaintiff is electing which forum to proceed in, any questions regarding which
forum is the more appropriate, or natural, forum for the dispute to be tried
are irrelevant.

31 How then does this process of election operate within the framework of our
private international law rules on jurisdiction? As Prof Yeo Tiong Min clearly
observes (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore – Conflict of Laws_ vol 6(2)
(LexisNexis, Singapore, 2009) (“ _Yeo_ ”) at para 75.094):

… [_Lis alibi pendens_] _raises factors either within the test in_ The
Spiliada, _or within the issue of forum management generally_. Within the
framework of _The Spiliada, lis alibi pendens_ raises issues of duplication of
resources, as well as the risk of conflicting judgments. [emphasis added]

The learned author then proceeds to provide the following commentary on how
the doctrine of forum election operates in the context of forum or (as the
learned author terms it) case management (see _Yeo_ at para 75.108):

Where a plaintiff is proceeding against the same defendant in two
jurisdictions in relation to the same subject matter, _the court will compel
the plaintiff to elect one jurisdiction to pursue the claim, because the
pursuit of such concurrent proceedings will be regarded as vexatious unless
there are very unusual circumstances to justify it_. Once the defendant
establishes duplicity of proceedings, the burden is shifted to the plaintiff
to justify continuation of concurrent proceedings by showing the existence of
very unusual circumstances. One possible justification may be that the parties
had contractually provided for that possibility. If the plaintiff fails to
provide justification, then he would be put to an election. _Natural forum
considerations are not relevant to the question of election. Instead, issues
of case management are raised_. [emphasis added]

32 We agree with Prof Yeo’s approach. In a common plaintiff _lis alibi
pendens_ situation, the court, when asking the plaintiff to elect which forum
he wishes to proceed in, is _not_ deciding on the appropriateness of the court
in exercising its jurisdiction over the dispute – unlike in the situation
relating to a stay of proceedings where the doctrine of _forum non conveniens_
is applied. That is the reason why the question of whether Singapore is the
natural forum to hear the dispute is not relevant when the plaintiff is asked
to make an election. The court is merely managing its own process. The reason
why a plaintiff should be compelled to elect in a common plaintiff situation
was stated by this court in _Koh Kay Yew v Inno-Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [1997] 2
SLR(R) 148 (“ _Koh Kay Yew_ ”) as follows (at [22]):

In the latter situations [in which a party had commenced actions concurrently
in two jurisdictions], it is understandable that any court should feel
uncomfortable about allowing both actions to go on. Not only would the _same
issue be litigated twice but there would also be the risk of having two
different results_ , each conflicting with the other. And these problems would
have arisen simply because one party decided to sue in one place too many. In
such circumstances, courts, including those in Singapore, should _prevent the
inherent abuse of the different judicial systems in different jurisdictions_
by compelling that party to choose the jurisdiction that he wants to litigate
in. The underlying need to prevent a multiplicity of similar proceedings
justifies the courts being more prepared to grant an injunction. [emphasis
added]

33 Karthigesu JA in _Yusen Air_ was also at pains to point out that the
doctrine of _forum non conveniens_ is not superseded by the doctrine of forum
election in common plaintiff cases (at [34]):

It is also our considered view that the plaintiff’s election is not the only
way to resolve this issue. Apart from compelling the plaintiff to elect, it
remains open to the defendant to take up an application for a stay of local
proceedings or a restraint of foreign proceedings if the defendant wishes to
have the action tried in one of the jurisdictions where the plaintiff has
commenced an action.

34 Indeed, it seems to us that the doctrine of forum election in common
plaintiff situations of _lis alibi pendens_ and the doctrine of _forum non
conveniens_ do _not_ overlap in any way on a _conceptual_ level. The two
principles can – and do – operate alongside each other, although, practically
speaking, it is perhaps inevitable that the two doctrines will interface with
one another given that they both concern questions of jurisdiction in private
international law. To that end, we highlight certain scenarios of such
interaction between these doctrines.

35 When the plaintiff is put to an election, and he then elects to continue
his claim in Singapore, the court will enjoin the plaintiff to stop all other
foreign proceedings by way of an injunction. At this juncture, the defendant
may be happy for the dispute to be heard in Singapore, and nothing more needs
to be done. However, where the defendant does not want proceedings to continue
in Singapore, it is open to it to rely on the doctrine of _forum non
conveniens_ to argue that the overseas forum is clearly or distinctly the more
appropriate forum for the dispute to be heard, and therefore to have the
Singapore proceedings stayed. This is clear from the observations of
Karthigesu JA in _Yusen Air_ (see above at [33]).

36 On the other hand, if the plaintiff elects to pursue its claim in the
overseas forum (instead of in Singapore) but the defendant wants the
proceedings to continue in Singapore, the latter may seek an anti-suit
injunction from the Singapore courts to prevent the plaintiff from carrying on
with the foreign proceedings. The plaintiff’s election does not, _ipso facto_
, preclude the granting of such an injunction. Where, however, the defendant
is happy to have the dispute heard abroad, it would have (in substance)
obtained the same outcome pursuant to an application to stay proceedings under
the doctrine of _forum non conveniens_. It has been said that in such a
situation the court will _discontinue_ the local proceedings (rather than just
grant a stay): see the English High Court decision of _Australian Commercial
Research and Development Ltd v ANZ McCaughan Merchant Bank Ltd_ [1989] 3 All
ER 65 (“ _Australian Commercial Research_ ”) at [70] as well as _Yusen Air_ at
[32] (citing Smart, “ _Lis Alibi Pendens_ : Staying or Discontinuing English
Proceedings” [1990] LMCLQ 326 at 329)). However, we take the view that the
court is not restricted to discontinuing the local proceedings, and may, in
the _appropriate circumstances_ , grant a stay of proceedings instead. This
might be the case where the foreign court’s jurisdiction is being challenged
(see, for example, the English High Court decision of _AG v Arthur Andersen &
Co_ The Independent (31 March 1988) and _Yusen Air_ at [32]), or where the
action in Singapore is brought to obtain security by way of a _Mareva_
injunction or attachment of assets (see, for example, the Singapore High Court
decision of _Multi-Code Electronics Industries (M) Bhd and another v Toh Chun
Toh Gordon and others_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1000 (“ _Multi-Code Electronics_ ”)).

37 It should therefore be clear that the doctrine of forum election, as a
mechanism of case management, is never finally dispositive of where the
dispute will be heard unless the defendant has no objections to the
plaintiff’s election.

(2) _Lis alibi pendens_ as part of the doctrine of _forum non conveniens_

38 The second effect a _lis alibi pendens_ will have on a question of
jurisdiction is under the rubric of the doctrine of _forum non conveniens_
(pursuant to the _Spiliada_ principles). This will apply regardless of how the
_lis alibi pendens_ arises (_ie_ , whether as a result of a common plaintiff
or reversed parties case). In a reversed parties situation, this is the only
way a _lis alibi pendens_ can have any legal significance for the purposes of
jurisdiction. The doctrine of forum election _does not_ apply. In a common
plaintiff _lis alibi pendens_ situation, where the defendant wishes to stay
proceedings under the doctrine of _forum non conveniens_ , the _lis alibi
pendens_ will (just as in a reversed parties situation) feature as one of the
factors in deciding whether it is appropriate for the Singapore court to hear
the dispute. It should be noted at this juncture, however, that there could be
situations which relate to _parallel proceedings_ which might not necessarily
fall within the narrower compass of a _lis alibi pendens_ (see above at [26]
and later below at [46]–[47]). Such proceedings would equally constitute one
of the factors in the application of the _Spiliada_ principles (see, for
example, the decisions of this court in _CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort
Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 at [70] and _Rickshaw Investments Ltd and another v
Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 at [90]; as well as _Yeo_ at
para 75.094 (see below at [39])).

39 Accordingly, when a _lis alibi pendens_ operates within the doctrine of
_forum non conveniens_ , it must be considered in light of the general
principles applicable to the _forum non conveniens_ analysis (_viz_ , the
_Spiliada_ principles). In this regard, Prof Yeo provides helpful guidance on
the weight to be given to parallel proceedings generally (including situations
of _lis alibi pendens_) (see _Yeo_ at para 75.094):

The weight to be given to the fact of existence of parallel proceedings will
depend on the circumstances. The degree to which the respective proceedings
have advanced is an important consideration; although the advanced stage of
proceedings may be disregarded if proceedings had been deliberately advanced
at the insistence of the party seeking to rely on this as a factor.The degree
of overlap of issues and parties is another consideration. However, little or
_no_ weight will be given to fact that there are foreign proceedings if they
are commenced for strategic reasons to bolster the case of a clearly more
appropriate forum elsewhere.

Where there has been or is litigation involving very complex facts which call
for highly specialised expert evidence, and such expertise has been built up
in a particular jurisdiction, that could be a very important indication of the
prima facie natural forum. This factor, discussed in _The Spiliada_ , came to
be known as the _Cambridgeshire_ factor (named after the vessel involved in
the prior proceedings where the expertise had been developed), is recognised
as a highly exceptional factor and has rarely been applied since then.

The risk of conflicting judgments arising from concurrent proceedings is
another factor to consider, but it is not decisive and will need to be weighed
with other factors. If it is a straight competition between proceedings in the
forum and proceedings elsewhere, this factor should carry no weight, because
the only question before the court is whether it should exercise its own
jurisdiction and it has no control over foreign proceedings. Of course,
ideally the trial should be held at only one of the competing fora, but trial
in either forum alone will obviate the risk. However, the problem usually
arises in the context of complex litigation involving multiple issues and/or
multiple litigants.

[emphasis added]

40 It bears emphasis that, for the purposes of the doctrine of _forum non
conveniens_ , it is sufficient for there to be related (or parallel)
proceedings (as compared to a strict _lis alibi pendens_ (see above at [26] as
well as below at [46]–[47])) in order for the foreign proceedings to weigh
into the analysis of appropriateness. This is a sensible approach to take,
given that the existence of parallel proceedings is never wholly dispositive
of the issue of the natural forum as a matter of course, but is only a factor
to be considered in the application of the _Spiliada_ principles.

(3) Summary and further considerations

41 We reiterate that a _lis alibi pendens_ will affect how the court would
deal with an issue of jurisdiction to hear proceedings seised in Singapore in
two ways: the first, pursuant to common plaintiff _lis alibi pendens_
situations, where the doctrine of forum election will be applicable; and,
second, as part of the application of the doctrine of _forum non conveniens_
(pursuant to the _Spiliada_ principles), regardless of whether it is a common
plaintiff or reversed parties situation. We note that in some prior cases, and
indeed in the present case at first instance, the first way has been referred
to as “the doctrine of _lis alibi pendens_ ” (see, for example, the Singapore
High Court decisions of _Ang Ming Chuang v Singapore Airlines Ltd (Civil
Aeronautics Administration, Third Party)_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 409; _Tan Kah Hock
and Another v Chou Li Chen and Others_ [2008] SGHC 82 and _Multi-Code
Electronics_). It should be clear by now that such an approach is
terminologically confusing, and might (unfortunately) lead to confusion (as
well as conflation) of substantive legal principles. We are therefore of the
view that it is best for common plaintiff _lis alibi pendens_ situations which
raise the issue of forum election (as it has been in these grounds of
decision) to be referred to as the doctrine of forum election instead.

42 The doctrine of forum election operates by putting the plaintiff to an
election once the defendant has established that there is a _lis alibi
pendens_ , unless the plaintiff can demonstrate why the multiple proceedings
are justified. This is to ensure that the defendant is not vexed or oppressed
by the plaintiff’s abuse of the court process. As demonstrated above, it is
clear that this is a separate analytical framework from that of _forum non
conveniens_ , and the two do not elide on a conceptual level.

43 However, some aspects of the doctrine of forum election and its
relationship to the principles in relation to _forum non conveniens_ as well
as anti-suit injunctions do raise some issues of concern. Does a common
plaintiff situation where the plaintiff is unable to show unusual
circumstances mean that there is, _prima facie_ , vexation and oppression to
the defendant? Should this have an effect on how vexation and oppression
operate in the context of anti-suit injunctions (see, for example, _Koh Kay
Yew_ as well as the Singapore High Court decision of _Beckkett Pte Ltd v
Deutsche Bank AG and another_ [2011] 1 SLR 524)? Why does _forum election_
result, by default, in a discontinuance of proceedings if the plaintiff elects
to proceed overseas, rather than, say, a stay of proceedings? We need not
address these (problematic) questions in the context of the present appeal,
given our decision on _the facts of the present appeal_ (_ie_ , that the
doctrine of forum election could not have resulted in a stay of proceedings,
and that there was no _lis alibi pendens_ on the facts of the present case
although the doctrine of _forum non conveniens_ nevertheless applied in favour
of the Respondents). These questions can be dealt with when they next arise
directly for decision by the court. It is, instead, to our findings on the
facts in relation to the present appeal which our attention must now turn.

The doctrine of forum election applied to the facts of the present case

44 In the present case, Welltech and Gazipur both sought to _stay proceedings_
on the ground of _lis alibi pendens_ , relying on the principles set out in
_Yusen Air_. The Judge referred to _Yusen Air_ in his decision, but did not
raise the issue of the plaintiff making an election as such. In fairness, this
was probably appropriate, given that Welltech and Gazipur only sought to have
the proceedings in Singapore stayed. Furthermore, the proceedings in
Bangladesh were decided against Victor, and it would be practically certain
that Virsagi, if put to an election, would have chosen to continue proceedings
in Singapore. If that was the case, however, the Judge must, with respect, be
mistaken in observing that he would have _stayed the proceedings_ on the
ground of the doctrine of forum election had it been the only issue before
him. The only way that the proceedings in Singapore could have been stayed if
Virsagi had elected to proceed with its claim in Singapore would be by
Welltech and Badel demonstrating that there was a clearly more appropriate
forum elsewhere pursuant to the doctrine of _forum non conveniens_.

No lis alibi pendens on the facts of the present case

45 As also indicated earlier, it is, _in any event_ , clear that there was no
_lis alibi pendens_ on the facts of the present case. In this regard, it is
important to be clear what precisely constitutes a _lis alibi pendens_ ,
especially since the case law does not evidence a uniform manner of
assessment.

46 In _Yusen Air_ , the Court of Appeal appeared to focus on three things: the
identity of the parties, the issues arising from both sets of proceedings, and
the underlying factual matrix giving rise to these issues. In most cases,
these three factors will be considered. However, some decisions have
considered the causes of action and reliefs sought by parties in the various
proceedings in order to determine whether or not there was a _lis alibi
pendens_ (see, for example, the Singapore High Court decisions of _Transtech
Electronics Pte Ltd v Choe Jerry and others_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 1014 at [12] and
_Lanna Resources Public Co Ltd v Tan Beng Phiau Dick and another_ [2011] 1 SLR
543 (“ _Lanna Resources_ ”) at [16]). Indeed that was the approach taken by
the Judge in the court below; in particular, he considered the similar reliefs
sought by the parties important in his finding that there was a _lis alibi
pendens_.

47 We are of the view that in deciding whether there is a _lis alibi pendens_
, the first legal port of call ought to be the identity of the parties and the
causes of action concerned. This will enable to court to identify whether
there are same or similar issues arising from the same factual matrix which
are before both the local and foreign court(s), and, if so, the extent of
these similarities. The nature of the reliefs sought will be relevant to the
analysis, given that in most cases the reliefs sought and the causes of action
concerned will be inextricably linked with each other. However, the court
ought not to hold, without more, that the local and foreign court(s) are faced
with the same or similar issues by focusing merely on the reliefs sought – for
example, whether the claimant is entitled to the same quantum of damages as a
remedy. As for the degree of similarity necessary, the party seeking to
demonstrate that there is a _lis alibi pendens_ need not show a total
correspondence of issues, but the court will be more likely to find a _lis
alibi pendens_ where the issues are of a greater degree of similarity.

The identity of the parties

48 Turning to the facts of the present appeal, it is clear that the parties in
the Singapore and Bangladesh proceedings were _not_ the same. In Singapore,
the plaintiff was Virsagi while the defendants were Welltech and
Badel/Gazipur. In Bangladesh, the plaintiff was Victor while the defendants
were WTPL, Woon and Badel. Arguments were made by Welltech and Badel,
initially, at first instance, that the parties are effectively the same, but
this was not taken any further by the Judge since counsel for Virsagi conceded
this point subsequently.

The causes of action and issues raised

49 It will be recalled that in Suit 63, Virsagi claimed that Welltech was
liable for the tort of inducing breach of contract, or alternatively, for the
tort of unlawful interference with the Gazipur Agreement. Some of the issues
which need to be addressed in order to establish the validity of the claim in
Suit 63 would include the following:

(a) whether the Gazipur Agreement is valid;

(b) whether the Gazipur Agreement is not illegal or in restraint of trade or
is capable of being rescinded;

(c) whether Welltech had knowledge of the existence of the Gazipur Agreement;

(d) whether Welltech intended to interfere with Gazipur’s performance of the
Gazipur Agreement;

(e) whether Gazipur breached the Gazipur Agreement (which is the issue to be
decided in Suit 64);

(f) whether Welltech has committed an unlawful act affecting Gazipur;

(g) whether Welltech did so intending to injure Virsagi; and

(h) whether Virsagi suffered any loss.

50 In Suit 64, Virsagi claimed that Gazipur had breached the Gazipur
Agreement, and the main issues related to the construction of certain clauses
in the contract, as well as whether there were breaches of those clauses.

51 On the other hand, CM 8/2012 was commenced by Victor in Dhaka pursuant to s
233 of the Bangladesh Companies Act, which provides for the protection of
minority shareholder interests. The main issue was whether Victor, as the
petitioner in the action, was “entitled to get any relief under the Provisions
of Section 233 of the Companies Act 1994”.[note: 3] The only issue for the
Dhaka High Court to decide in CM 8/2012 was whether relief in the form of a
direction to the other shareholders of WTPL “... to continue their business as
an [OTC] in Bangladesh through [WTPL] with the active participation of the
petitioner” should be granted.[note: 4] The subsidiary issues arising from
this main issue were identified by Abdur Rahman J in his written judgment (at
pp 21–22) where it was found that WTPL was a non-functioning company. The OTC
setup in Bangladesh was not established under WTPL and was instead owned and
run by Victor and Badel under the terms of the Gazipur Agreement. Finally, the
lending of the BCA licence by Welltech (represented by Woon) to establish and
run the OTC business in Dhaka had nothing to do with WTPL.[note: 5]

52 Therefore, it is clear, in our view, that the causes of action in Suit 63,
Suit 64, and CM 8/2012 were entirely different, and did not give rise to the
same issues. The Singapore court in deciding Suit 63 and Suit 64 would not
have to traverse much of the grounds considered in CM 8/2012.

The reliefs sought by the parties

53 We agree with the Judge that the injunctive relief sought in both sets of
proceedings were similar in substance. Victor/Virsagi was seeking not to be
excluded from the OTC business now conducted by Gazipur and Welltech, whether
by way of specific performance of the Gazipur Agreement or through relief for
the action of minority shareholder oppression.

Conclusion

54 Considering all the factors, we found that there was insufficient
similarity between the Singapore and the Bangladesh proceedings and that there
was therefore no _lis alibi pendens_ in the context of the present proceedings
(notwithstanding our agreement with the Judge’s decision regarding the
similarity of reliefs sought). Welltech and Badel were not subject to vexation
or oppression by Virsagi bringing Suit 63 and Suit 64, respectively, in
Singapore.

55 We should note, however, that even if there was no _lis alibi pendens_ on
the facts of the present case, this did not mean that there were no parallel
or related proceedings. There were, undoubtedly, parallel or related
proceedings in both Bangladesh as well as Singapore. These proceedings would
be (and, in fact were) considered as a factor to be applied in relation to the
doctrine of _forum non conveniens_ , which constituted Issue 2 in the present
case and which we have decided in both Welltech’s and Gazipur’s favour, in
agreement with the Judge.

Conclusion

56 For the reasons set out above, we held that the Judge, with respect, was
mistaken with regards to Issue 1, and should not have stayed proceedings on
the ground of _lis alibi pendens_ (or rather, the doctrine of forum election).

57 Notwithstanding our decision on Issue 1, as already noted above, given our
decision on Issue 2, we dismissed the appeals. However, in light of our
decision on Issue 1, the costs awarded in the court below of $4,000 to
Welltech and $8,000 to Badel/Gazipur were each reduced by fifty per cent. As
for the costs of CA 90 and CA 91, we respectively awarded Welltech and
Badel/Gazipur the costs of these appeals fixed at $7,500 (including
disbursements) each. The usual consequential orders applied.

* * *

[note: 1]Respondent’s Supplementary Core Bundle at pp 7–8.

[note: 2]_Ibid_ , at p 56.

[note: 3]_Ibid_ , at p 82.

[note: 4]_Ibid_ , at pp 56–57.

[note: 5]_Ibid_ , at pp 82–83.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Sep 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

