Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mervin Singh and another _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGCA 20

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 18 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 March 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Selva K Naidu (Liberty Law Practice LLP) and Amarick Gill
(Amrick Gill & Co) for the first appellant; Tan Chuan Thye, Daniel Chia, Loh
Jien Li (Stamford Law Corporation) and M Lukshumayeh (Central Chambers Law
Corporation) for the second appellantAnandan Bala, Kenneth Wong and Marcus Foo
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Mervin Singh and another — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 222.]

8 March 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the appellants against the decision of the trial judge
(“the Judge”) in _Public Prosecutor v Mervin Singh and another_ [2011] SGHC
222 (“the Judgment”).

2 Although they were linked in so far as the _factual_ situation in question
was concerned, both appellants were involved in different parts of the same
transaction. More importantly, the issues raised as a result were also (as we
shall see) different. What is most important in the context of the present
appeal is this: Given the different issues raised, a finding of culpability in
respect of one appellant would _not automatically_ result in a similar finding
in respect of the other appellant. Much would – as is expected in cases
involving drug trafficking – depend on the precise factual matrix concerned.
Hence, a granular examination of all the relevant facts is imperative.

3 The facts in the present appeal were straightforward.

Facts

4 On 27 November 2008, the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) acted on a tip off
and trailed a black Subaru Impreza car (“the vehicle”) from about 2.20pm. The
vehicle was driven by one Sallehuddin Bin Mohammad (“Sallehuddin”) who was a
close friend of Mervin Singh (“the First Appellant”). The First Appellant was
in the front passenger seat, while one Muhammad Rizal Bin Sumani (“Rizal”) sat
in the rear passenger seat.

5 All three of them had spent the night at Sallehuddin’s flat located at Block
317 Woodlands Street 31 #06-184. The First Appellant had asked Sallehuddin to
send him to Tampines before sending Rizal back to Toa Payoh.

6 At about 2.50pm, the vehicle arrived at the carpark of Block 485B Tampines
Avenue 9 (“Block 485B”). The First Appellant alighted and walked empty-handed
to the void deck of Block 485B. Sallehuddin and Rizal remained in the vehicle.
The First Appellant sat on a stone bench near the lift lobby on the ground
floor of Block 485B.

7 While seated at the void deck of Block 485B, the First Appellant made two
outgoing calls from his white Samsung mobile telephone to the mobile telephone
held by Subashkaran s/o Pragasam (“the Second Appellant”) – one at 2.49pm and
the other at 2.54pm.

The transaction that allegedly took place between the First Appellant and the
Second Appellant

8 At 3.04pm, the First Appellant received an incoming call on his white
Samsung mobile phone from the Second Appellant’s mobile phone. Moments later,
the First Appellant walked towards Lift A of Block 485B. The door of Lift A
opened and the Second Appellant walked out. The First Appellant then entered
Lift A and carried out a pink detergent box of the brand “Daia” (“the pink
box”). He then carried the pink box and returned to the vehicle. The vehicle
then left the carpark.

The Second Appellant’s arrest

9 In the meantime, the Second Appellant had walked to a blue Honda Civic car
parked near Block 485A. At around 3.05pm, he was arrested by CNB officers as
he was retrieving grocery bags from the boot of that car.

The First Appellant’s arrest

10 At 3.07pm, the First Appellant received a call on his black Samsung mobile
phone from the mobile phone held by one Nizam Bin Hamzah (also known as
“Sopak”). Sopak instructed him to meet at a coffeeshop in Tampines called the
“Afghanistan” coffeeshop. The First Appellant then told Sallehuddin to drive
him to the said coffeeshop. On the way to the coffeeshop, the vehicle was
stopped by CNB officers and the trio were arrested at about 3.10pm.

11 During the arrest, the pink box was found between the First Appellant’s
legs on the floor of the front passenger seat. The pink box was not sealed. In
the presence of the trio, Senior Staff Sergeant Ng Tze Chiang Tony (“SSSgt
Ng”) removed a total of nine packets wrapped in newspaper from the pink box
and placed them on the bonnet of the vehicle. After counting the nine packets,
SSSgt Ng replaced them in the pink box and asked the trio whom the nine
packets belonged to. The First Appellant replied that they were his.

The raid on the Second Appellant’s flat

12 At about 4.15pm, the Second Appellant was escorted back to his residence at
Block 485B Tampines Avenue 9 #10-130 where a search of his room was conducted
in his presence. The following items were recovered under a table in the
Second Appellant’s room:

(a) one pink plastic bag (“the pink plastic bag”) containing one plastic
packet of brownish granular substance, later identified to be diamorphine;

(b) one blue sealer;

(c) one box of aluminium foil;

(d) two pieces of aluminium foil, each containing a straw; and

(e) one rolled-up note.

When questioned, the Second Appellant admitted that the above items belonged
to him.

The raid of the First Appellant’s room in Sallehuddin’s flat

13 The First Appellant’s room in Sallehuddin’s flat was also raided and the
CNB officers found two cartons of contraband cigarettes.

The DNA analysis

14 On 2 December 2008, the pink box and the sheets of newspaper wrapped around
the nine packets were sent to the Health Science Authority (“HSA”) for DNA
analysis.

15 DNA profiles were generated from four of the nine plastic packets. Both
appellants’ DNA profiles were not found on them.

16 However, the Second Appellant’s DNA, together with the DNA profiles of
unknown persons, were found on the DNA profiles generated from the pink box as
well as the two sheets of newspaper used to wrap one of the nine packets.

17 The First Appellant’s DNA was not found on any of the exhibits sent for DNA
analysis.

The testing of the contents of the nine packets

18 On 3 December 2008, the nine packets were sent to the HSA for analysis. The
gross weight of the granular substances in each packet ranged between 453.7g
to 455.7g, with a diamorphine content ranging from not less than 17.21g to
25.39g per packet.

The testing of the brownish granular substance found in the Second Appellant’s
room

19 On 5 December 2008, the brownish granular substance found in the pink
plastic bag in the Second Appellant’s room was also sent to the HSA for
testing. It was found to weigh 452.6g, with a diamorphine content of not less
than 20.95g. However, it is not the subject of the present appeal and
therefore ought not to – and does not – figure in the analysis that follows.

The decision in the court below

20 The Judge rejected the defences proffered by both appellants.

21 In so far as the First Appellant was concerned, the Judge observed thus
(see the Judgment at [5]):

The defence of the first accused was that he had no knowledge that he would be
trafficking in diamorphine because throughout the relevant times he was under
the impression that he was buying and collecting contraband cigarettes for his
own business. He called one Nizam bin Hamzah who was known as “Sopak”
(“Sopak”) to corroborate his story that he (the first accused) was at Tampines
Avenue 7 to collect contraband cigarettes for Sopak. Sopak’s evidence differed
slightly in that he (Sopak) was the one who asked the first accused to look
for cigarettes. He said that he told the first accused to pick up some
cigarettes from someone known as “Ah Boy” if the first accused happened to
meet Ah Boy. The thrust of the first accused person’s defence was that he
picked up the pink box thinking it contained contraband cigarettes. I do not
find the first accused person’s story about collecting cigarettes for Sopak
compelling in any way. It was vague, inconsistent, and did not make much
sense. He hardly knew Sopak and no details were given as to why Sopak would
trust him and vice versa. Since the pink box in fact contained diamorphine,
why would Sopak rely on the first accused to carry out the pick-up if the
first accused believed that he was picking up cigarettes? No explanation was
given as to why Sopak had no worry that the first accused might have taken
away the diamorphine himself, or expose Sopak to the authorities if he (the
first accused) did not want to be involved in a drug transaction. In any
event, Sopak did not corroborate this. Sopak’s evidence under cross-
examination was that he did not know about the drugs in the pink box. He also
denied talking to “Ah Boy”. I took into account that there might be a
possibility that Sopak was trying to avoid implicating himself. This was a
transaction that involved the two accused in such a way that neither could
have participated without knowing that it was a drop-off and pick-up of the
diamorphine found. There was a dispute between counsel for the prosecution and
the defence as to whether SI Goh was sufficiently close to see what he
testified he saw, namely, that the first accused opening the pink box and
looking into it. Having heard the evidence of SI Goh and the first accused, I
am inclined to believe SI Goh. Even if he was at a distance from the first
accused as the photographs showed, it was close enough, in my opinion, for a
narcotics officer looking out for a target suspect to be able to see what he
saw.

22 In so far as the Second Appellant was concerned, the Judge observed as
follows (see the Judgment at [6]):

The second accused admitted that he was in possession of the packet of
diamorphine found in his room but he claimed that he was keeping that for his
friend “Kacong”. He denied everything else. His explanation as to why the
telephone records show connections made between his mobile telephone and that
of the first accused during the material time just before the arrests was that
he (the second accused) had passed his telephone to “Ah Boy” and it was Ah Boy
who was speaking to the first accused. He told the court that Ah Boy had
mysteriously and suddenly appeared at his flat and knocked on his window. I
find the defence of the second accused to be incredible, and the manner in
which the second accused recounted the events was not persuasive. His defence
of that story under cross-examination was also poor and I am unable to find
any reasonable doubt in his favour. The problem for the second accused was
that he had not only to disassociate himself from the telephone calls through
his mobile telephone to that of the first accused, he had also to explain why
the first accused told the court that in the call at 3.04pm the speaker said
he was on the way down, and moments later, the door to lift “A” opened and the
second accused walked out. The first accused also testified that he thought
that the second accused was delivering contraband cigarettes when he (the
second accused) gestured towards the lift where the pink box was left. The
second accused also could not explain why his DNA profile was found on the
newspaper wrapping the packets of diamorphine other than to question why the
first accused person’s DNA profile was not found when he (the first accused)
clearly handled the pink box.

23 Let us turn now to consider, _seriatim_ , the arguments of both appellants
as well as our decision with respect to each set of arguments. Before
proceeding to do so, a brief statement of the applicable legal principles
would be appropriate.

The applicable legal principles

24 The applicable legal principles have now been well established and all
counsel appeared to be in agreement on them. The more important issues related
to the _application_ of those principles to the relevant facts. Indeed, the
most difficulties arose as a result of disagreements as to what the relevant
facts were.

25 One key provision – particularly in so far as the First Appellant is
concerned – is the presumption embodied in s 18(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2004 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), which reads as follows:

**Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs**

**18**.

...

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

26 The applicable legal principles are well summarised in this court’s
decision in _Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 4 SLR
1156, as follows (at [21]–[28]):

21 Section 18 of the MDA provides as follows:

**Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs**

**18.** -(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody
or under his control -

(_a_) anything containing a controlled drug;

(_b_) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

(_c_) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; or

(_d_) a document of title relating to a controlled drug or any other document
intended for the delivery of a controlled drug,

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

(3) The presumptions provided for in this section shall not be rebutted by
proof that the accused never had physical possession of the controlled drug.

(4) Where one of 2 or more persons with the knowledge and consent of the rest
has any controlled drug in his possession, it shall be deemed to be in the
possession of each and all of them.

22 In _Tan Kiam Peng_ [_Tan Kiam Peng v PP_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 1], this court
embarked on an extended discussion of whether the term “controlled drug” in s
18(2) of the MDA should be given a narrow or a broad meaning (see _Tan Kiam
Peng_ at [83]-[95]). The broad interpretation is that “knowledge in s 18(2)
... is only a reference to knowledge that the drug concerned is a controlled
drug” (see _Tan Kiam Peng_ at [83]), and not knowledge that the drug in
question is the actual drug found in the possession of the accused (_ibid_).
The narrow interpretation is that the knowledge referred to in s 18(2) of the
MDA is the “knowledge that the drug is _not only_ a controlled drug _but is
also_ the **specific** drug which it turns out the accused was in possession
of” [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics] (see
_Tan Kiam Peng_ at [90]). At [95], the court concluded that the narrow
interpretation was to be preferred:

... [G]iven the specific language of s 18(2) of the [MDA], the need (given the
extreme penalties prescribed by the [MDA]) to resolve any ambiguities in
interpretation (if they exist) in favour of the accused, as well as the fact
that no case has (to the best of our knowledge) adopted the [broad]
interpretation, it would appear, in our view, that (whilst not expressing a
conclusive view in the absence of detailed argument) the [narrow]
interpretation appears to be the more persuasive one and ... will in fact be
adopted in the present appeal.

23 In our view, while there may be a conceptual distinction between the broad
view (that the knowledge in s 18(2) of the MDA refers to knowledge that the
drug is a controlled drug) and the narrow view (that the knowledge in s 18(2)
of the MDA refers to knowledge that the drug is a specific controlled drug,
_eg_ , heroin or “ice”), the distinction has no practical significance for the
purposes of rebutting the presumption of knowledge of the nature of the
controlled drug. To rebut the presumption of knowledge, all the accused has to
do is to prove, on a balance of probabilities, that he _did not know_ the
nature of the controlled drug referred to in the charge. The material issue in
s 18(2) of the MDA is _not_ the _existence_ of the accused’s knowledge of the
controlled drug, _but_ the _non-existence_ of such knowledge on his part.

24 As to the meaning of the phrase “the nature of that drug”, our view is that
it refers to the actual controlled drug found in the “thing” (_eg_ , the bag
or container, _etc_) that was in the possession of the accused at the material
time. For instance, if heroin is found in a bag or a container in the
accused’s possession and he is unable to prove, on a balance of probabilities,
that he had no knowledge of that heroin (see [27] below), he would be presumed
under s 18(2) of the MDA to have known of the heroin in his possession.

25 In the present case, as the appellant was found to be in possession of the
Bundle containing a controlled drug, he was presumed to have had that drug in
his possession under s 18(1) of the MDA (by virtue of his possession of the
Bundle) unless he proved the contrary. He was unable to do so because he could
not prove that he had no knowledge of the Bundle or the contents of the
Bundle. In fact, he knew the Bundle strapped to his thigh contained something
(which he alleged to be “company product”).

26 Consequently, the s 18(2) presumption applied, and the appellant was
presumed to have known the nature of the aforesaid (controlled) drug (which he
was presumed to have had in his possession), unless he proved the contrary. He
was again unable to do so because the Judge rejected his defence that he
believed or thought that the Bundle contained “company product”, and found
that he had actual knowledge that the Bundle contained heroin. We should add
that the presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA also applies to a case where the
accused is _proved_ to have been in _possession_ of a _controlled_ drug, _eg_
, where the accused knew or was wilfully blind to the fact that he was
carrying a controlled drug. Another illustration of proven possession, without
the aid of the presumption in s 18(1) of the MDA, would be where the accused
has direct possession of a controlled drug (as opposed to possession of
something containing a controlled drug, the keys of something containing a
controlled drug, _etc_), _eg_ , where the accused has some white pills in his
trouser pocket (whatever he believed them to be) that turn out to be a
controlled drug. Ultimately, regardless of whether possession is _proved_ or
_presumed_ , s 18(2) of the MDA would apply to presume that the accused knew
the nature of that drug, unless he proves the contrary.

27 How can an accused rebut the presumption of knowledge of the nature of the
controlled drug found in his possession (_eg_ , in a bag he is carrying or on
his person)? He can do so by proving, on a balance of probabilities, that he
genuinely believed that what was in his possession was something innocuous
(_eg_ , washing powder, when it was in fact heroin (see _Warner v Metropolitan
Police Commissioner_ [1969] 2 AC 256)), or that he thought it was a controlled
drug other than the one actually found in his possession (_eg_ , where he
genuinely believed he was carrying “ice”, rather than heroin (see _Khor Soon
Lee v PP_ [2011] 3 SLR 201)).

28 Whether the accused’s evidence is to be believed is a question to be
determined in all the circumstances of the case.

[emphasis in original]

Our decision

The First Appellant

27 The defence raised by the First Appellant is straightforward. In essence,
he argues that, whilst he does not dispute that he was in physical possession
of the diamorphine, he has, nevertheless, successfully rebutted the
presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA (reproduced above at [25]), which presumes
that he _knew_ that the pink box contained the diamorphine. He adduced a
series of facts in support of this argument, as follows.

28 The First Appellant claimed that he was always under the impression that he
would be helping to transport contraband cigarettes. That was, after all, his
“trade”. Indeed, he had testified that he had been caught by customs officers
on 24 November 2008 (just days before his arrest for the present offence) for
being in possession of contraband cigarettes, and had paid a $500 fine. In
addition, his room at Sallehuddin’s flat was found to contain two unopened
cartons of contraband cigarettes. He further claimed that his friends,
Sallehuddin and Rizal, knew of his “trade”. Finally, at the time of his
arrest, he had a sum of $1,354 in cash with him, from which $254 was
confiscated by the CNB because that sum was from the sale of contraband
cigarettes. _It is significant, in our view, that there is no evidence on
record contradicting the fact that the First Appellant was a dealer in
contraband cigarettes. In any event, there is, in our view, sufficient
evidence on record to demonstrate that this was indeed the case._

29 The First Appellant’s counsel, Mr Selva Naidu (“Mr Naidu”), explained
during oral submissions before this court that the First Appellant’s sources
of supply of contraband cigarettes had run “dry”. The First Appellant also
alleged that a contraband cigarette supplier and a runner had absconded with
$5,000 of his funds. He was therefore desperate to locate a new supplier of
contraband cigarettes. To this end, he had contacted Sopak, who was supposed
to introduce him to a new supplier of contraband cigarettes. The First
Appellant claimed that, as a favour for Sopak, he had been tasked to collect
some contraband cigarettes from one Ah Boy for Sopak as Sopak’s car was at the
workshop. Although the First Appellant initially thought that Ah Boy was going
to be his cigarette supplier, he stated that it was later made clear to him
that the First Appellant was merely collecting cigarettes from Ah Boy on
Sopak’s behalf. The agreement was such that the First Appellant had to bring
the cigarettes collected from Ah Boy to Sopak before Sopak would introduce the
First Appellant to a new supplier of contraband cigarettes. The First
Appellant also claimed that he had also harboured the hope that he might also
manage to locate the person who had absconded with his funds, although this is
(as we shall see below) not crucial to our decision in so far as the First
Appellant is concerned.

30 The First Appellant then telephoned Ah Boy, who told him to call him back
later. Shortly after, Sopak called the First Appellant and told him that he
had just spoken to Ah Boy, and that the First Appellant should just go down to
Block 485 Tampines. The First Appellant spoke once more with Ah Boy after this
call to tell him that he was on his way to Block 485 Tampines. At this point,
the First Appellant was still in Sallehuddin’s home with Sallehuddin, Rizal
and Sallehuddin’s wife. Sallehuddin was going to send Rizal back home to Toa
Payoh when the First Appellant asked if he could get a lift to Tampines first.
Sallehuddin agreed to this. On the way there, the First Appellant called Sopak
to tell him that the First Appellant was on his way there. Sopak told him that
he was at the car workshop and asked the First Appellant to call him after
collecting the cigarettes.

31 When the First Appellant reached the area, he called Ah Boy again and told
him “485”. However, Ah Boy corrected him by telling him it was Block 485B
instead, as there was no Block 485. The First Appellant then called Sopak and
told him that he had already reached the Tampines area. After that call, the
First Appellant proceeded to call Ah Boy and told him that he was at his
block; Ah Boy then asked him to wait at the void deck.

32 The First Appellant got out of the vehicle and sat on a blue bench at the
void deck which faced the lift. Ah Boy called the First Appellant and asked
him where he was, to which the First Appellant told him at that he was at the
void deck. Ah Boy then told the First Appellant that he was on his way down.
Shortly after, the lift doors opened and the First Appellant saw the Second
Appellant walk out. The First Appellant, however, maintained that there was no
communication between them apart from a slight nod that the Second Appellant
gave to the First Appellant when he walked out. He noticed a box in the lift.
Thinking that that was the box which Sopak had told him about, he went into
the lift, carried the box out and went back to the vehicle. After getting back
into the vehicle with the box, the First Appellant received a telephone call
from Sopak who asked if the First Appellant had received the box and told him
to go to the Afghanistan coffee shop. The vehicle then left the car park and
headed for the Afghanistan coffee shop. While on their way there, they were
“ambushed” at the cross junction.

33 Sopak had also testified that he had asked the First Appellant to pick up a
box of contraband cigarettes on his behalf. We note that it may be true that
Sopak’s evidence in this particular regard might not have been as forceful or
persuasive as it might otherwise have been, due to the fact (as Mr Naidu
correctly argued, in our view) that Sopak had also to be careful not to
implicate himself in a capital offence and was, indeed, called as a witness
_despite_ his refusal to be interviewed by the First Appellant’s lawyer before
the trial in the court below. Given the context in which the task had been
allotted to the First Appellant, the First Appellant claimed that he thought
the pink box to contain contraband cigarettes. The fact that the pink box
contained diamorphine was never within his contemplation.

34 The law in this regard is clear: the First Appellant had to rebut the
presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA on a balance of probabilities. The only –
albeit crucial – issue before us was whether he has done so, based on the
available evidence on record before us.

35 In this regard, we would respectfully differ from the Judge’s decision with
regard to the First Appellant. Whilst the Judge observed (see the Judgment at
[5]) that he did not “find the first accused person’s story about collecting
cigarettes for Sopak _compelling_ in any way” [emphasis added], he did not
elaborate adequately on his reasons for arriving at such a conclusion. More
importantly, it bears repeating the point referred to in the preceding
paragraph – that the burden on the First Appellant is to rebut the presumption
_on a balance of probabilities_ , and _not_ to provide “compelling” evidence.

36 More specifically, the Judge’s main reason for finding the First
Appellant’s story “vague, inconsistent” and lacking in “sense” (as stated in
the Judgment at [5]) was the fact that the First Appellant hardly knew Sopak:
hence, in the Judge’s view, there would be no reason for Sopak to trust him
and vice versa. It is clear that this particular gap in explanation operated,
in the Judge’s view, as a fatal flaw in the First Appellant’s case. Yet, by
rejecting the First Appellant’s entire defence based solely on this point, the
Judge had, with respect, failed to consider the other crucial aspects of the
First Appellant’s case. For example, the Judge did not address the First
Appellant’s evidence to the effect that he had believed that the pink box
contained contraband cigarettes, and also did not consider the possibility of
the First Appellant participating in the transaction for the purpose of
finding another supplier.

37 The Judge also observed (see the Judgment at [5]) that “this was a
transaction that involved the two accused in _such a way_ that neither could
have participated without knowing that it was a drop-off and pick-up of the
diamorphine found” [emphasis added]. With respect, however, this observation
was without any supporting evidence or explanation. Whilst the observation
appears to allude to the fact that there was something specific about the
appellants’ involvement in the transaction that must have led to them knowing
about the diamorphine, there is no elaboration as to why this ought to be the
case. As both the preceding and subsequent sentences of the Judgment do not
appear relevant to this particular observation, it is, with respect, difficult
to discern the basis upon which such an observation was arrived at. In this
regard, it is apposite to note this court’s comment in _Thong Ah Fat v Public
Prosecutor_ [2012] 1 SLR 676 (at [37]) that “ _the judge has to explicate how
he has arrived at a particular conclusion_ ” and that “[i]mpressionistic
statements are not helpful” [emphasis in original].

38 Finally, the Judge’s treatment of Station Inspector Goh Teck Hock’s (“SI
Goh”) evidence is, with respect, also problematic. Stating that he was “
_inclined to believe_ SI Goh” [emphasis added], the Judge concluded that “even
if he was at a distance from the first accused as the photographs showed, it
was close enough, in my opinion, for a narcotics officer looking out for a
target suspect to be able to see what he saw” (see the Judgment at [5]).
Without stating what this inclination was based on – for example, the
witness’s demeanour, veracity, and/or consistency – it is difficult to
understand why SI Goh’s evidence under cross-examination (to the effect that
he had seen the First Appellant open the pink box) was found to be reliable
despite that particular fact being found in neither his cautioned statement
nor his evidence-in-chief. Further, none of the other CNB officers at the
scene could verify that the First Appellant had in fact opened the pink box to
look inside it. Even the pocket book which SI Goh had referred to during
cross-examination did not actually state what SI Goh said it did (see [45]
below). In the circumstances, more specific reasons as to why SI Goh’s
evidence in this regard was given such considerable weight should have been
provided.

39 Having carefully considered all the evidence available to us, we are of the
view that the First Appellant has rebutted the presumption in s 18(2) of the
MDA on a balance of probabilities.

40 The First Appellant had clearly been involved in dealing with contraband
cigarettes. This was borne out by the facts, as set out briefly above. It was
therefore more than plausible – certainly on a balance of probabilities – that
he had thought that the pink box contained contraband cigarettes. However, we
are cognisant of the fact that there are at least two related facts that
militate against such a finding by this court.

41 First, as emphasised by the Prosecution, there was a disparity in weight
between the actual weight of the pink box (which contained the diamorphine) on
the one hand and the weight it would have had if (as the First Appellant
claimed) it had contained contraband cigarettes instead. Indeed, the
Prosecution submitted the weights to be 4.09kg and 1.806kg respectively.

42 Whilst such an argument is attractive at first blush, this is only so if it
is viewed from a strictly _theoretical_ perspective. When such an argument is
viewed from a more _practical_ vantage point, it is probable that the
difference in weight was not so significant as to be apparent to the First
Appellant (whose testimony on this point was consistent with the view just
expressed). We would add – parenthetically – that a (related) point raised by
the Prosecution to the effect that the First Appellant had never received
contraband cigarettes in a detergent box (here, the pink box) was, in our
view, neutral at best. In this regard, the First Appellant’s testimony was
that, in dealing with contraband cigarettes, his focus was on collecting and
selling such cigarettes, as opposed to their packaging.

43 Second, there was the testimony of SI Goh, which has been described briefly
by the Judge (see the Judgment at [5]). However, it should be borne in mind
that SI Goh was at a distance of 81.323 metres away and was operating without
the aid of optical devices such as binoculars. At the trial below, Inspector
Agnes Wong had confirmed that Exhibit D8 correctly depicted the view which SI
Goh would have had on that day. Having considered Exhibit D8, we find it very
unlikely that SI Goh could have seen with any degree of certainty what the
First Appellant was doing. This will be significant, as we shall elaborate
upon below at [45], to the issue of whether SI Goh saw the First Appellant
looking _into_ the box, or simply looking _at_ the box.

44 In addition, there was some uncertainty between what was initially recorded
in SI Goh’s conditioned statement and SI Goh’s testimony at the trial itself.
In the former, the First Appellant was observed to have “look[ed] inside the
pink box” whilst, in the latter, the First Appellant was described as having
“opened up” the pink box. Mr Naidu sought to drive this inconsistency home in
the court below during his cross-examination of SI Goh. At this juncture, it
is perhaps not insignificant to note that the former version is consistent
with the First Appellant’s version of events, in which he claimed that he saw
a bit of newspaper coming out of the side of the pink box and that other than
that the pink box was closed and he did not open the pink box and look inside.
It is also of no small significance, in our view, that the First Appellant’s
DNA was _not_ found on any of the exhibits sent for DNA analysis, including
the pink box and samples of the newspapers used to wrap the nine packets. This
evidence supports the First Appellant’s version of events that he did _not_
open the pink box.

45 SI Goh did seek to clarify his testimony by referring to what he had
recorded in his _pocket book_ , where he stated, _inter alia_ , that the First
Appellant had “looked inside” the pink box. However, there was no record in
his pocket book of the First Appellant _opening up_ the pink box. The
Prosecution argued that one could _not_ “look _inside_ ” something _without_ “
_opening_ ” it first. However, given the distance between SI Goh and the First
Appellant as evidenced by Exhibit D8, we reiterate our view that it is very
unlikely that SI Goh could have seen with any degree of certainty what the
First Appellant was doing. Perhaps it may be more accurate to describe the
First Appellant as “looking _at_ ” the pink box. Whilst it is acknowledged
that it is important not to indulge in semantic hair-splitting, it is also
important to bear in mind the fact that there is a significant distinction
between “looking at” (if this was indeed what SI Goh had meant) and “opened”,
particularly when it is borne in mind that the First Appellant is being tried
on a capital charge. There are, in our view, sufficient difficulties which
tend to militate against the persuasiveness of this particular part of SI
Goh’s testimony (as discussed in this paragraph, as well as above at [44]).
All things considered, SI Goh’s testimony should, in our view, not be accorded
too much weight in so far as the issue regarding the First Appellant’s claim
that he did not know that the pink box contained diamorphine is concerned.

46 The Prosecution also argued that, unlike the situation, for example, in
_Khor Soon Lee v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 201, there was no
relationship of trust between the First Appellant and Sopak that would have
led the former to believe that whatever he was supposed to collect on the
latter’s behalf was indeed contraband cigarettes and not something more
sinister. In this regard, we note that, pursuant to this court’s directions
given during the course of oral submissions, the Prosecution had adduced
several statements made by one Kacong to the CNB. In Kacong’s statement dated
15 July 2009, he had stated that the First Appellant and Sopak were all
members of the Omega gang together with himself. Although this could give rise
to a possibility of there being some sort of trust between the First Appellant
and Sopak, we are of the view that little weight, if any, should be placed on
Kacong’s statements. Kacong was not called as a witness and was not subject to
cross-examination at the trial below. Furthermore, this court only had the
benefit of a selection of Kacong’s statements, whilst the other statements
were not disclosed by the Prosecution who relied on s 41 of the Criminal Law
(Temporary Provisions) Act (Cap 67, 2000 Rev Ed) and rule 10(2) of the
Criminal Law (Advisory Committee) Rules (Cap 67, R 1, 1990 Rev Ed) in support
of this particular course of action. Given the piecemeal nature of the
disclosure, it would not be safe to rely on the selective disclosure of
Kacong’s statements.

47 Returning to the issue of the relationship of trust, we are of the view
that, given the fact that the First Appellant purportedly dealt only with
contraband cigarettes, whether or not there was a relationship of trust
between the First Appellant and Sopak was not, in our view, a crucial issue.
It was, at best, a neutral factor.

48 Having regard to all the objective evidence as well as circumstances, we
would respectfully differ from the Judge and find that the First Appellant did
in fact rebut, on a balance of probabilities, the presumption in s 18(2) of
the MDA. In the circumstances, the Prosecution has failed to prove a key
element of the offence contained in the charge proffered against the First
Appellant and we therefore set aside the conviction against him.

The Second Appellant

49 In so far as the Second Appellant is concerned, it is unclear whether the
Prosecution is relying on the presumptions found in the MDA. The Judgment is
also silent on this matter. As such, the issues are whether the Prosecution
has proven a beyond reasonable doubt that:

(a) The Second Appellant was in possession of the pink box containing
diamorphine;

(b) The Second Appellant was in possession of the pink box for the purposes of
trafficking; and

(c) The Second Appellant had knowledge that the pink box contained
diamorphine.

50 In our view, the key matter with regard to the Second Appellant centres on
the telephone records which demonstrate that he was in contact with the First
Appellant at the material time. The Second Appellant attempted to explain this
away, but his explanation was rejected by the Judge, who made the following
observations (see the Judgment at [6]) which, whilst reproduced above (at
[22]), ought (because of their significance) to be reproduced again, as
follows:

_His explanation_ as to why the telephone records show connections made
between his mobile telephone and that of the first accused during the material
time just before the arrests _was that he (the second accused) had passed his
telephone to “Ah Boy” and it was Ah Boy who was speaking to the first accused.
He told the court that Ah Boy had mysteriously and suddenly appeared at his
flat and knocked on his window._**_I find the defence of the second accused to
be incredible, and the manner in which the second accused recounted the events
was not persuasive._** His defence of that story under cross-examination was
also poor and I am unable to find any reasonable doubt in his favour.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

51 We agree with the Judge’s finding (highlighted, in particular, in bold
italics in the above extract).

52 According to the Second Appellant’s version of events, on 27 November 2008
at about 2am, Kacong had called the Second Appellant to ask him to safe keep
“something” for Kacong. In exchange for the safekeeping, Kacong would cancel
all the debts that the Second Appellant owed to him (the Second Appellant had
previously borrowed “about $300” from Kacong). The Second Appellant agreed.
Kacong then told the Second Appellant that one Ah Boy (whom the Second
Appellant did not know at that time) would go to the Second Appellant’s
residence that very afternoon and pass that “something” to him on Kacong’s
behalf. Kacong informed the Second Appellant that Ah Boy would knock on his
room window upon arrival.

53 Later the same day, Ah Boy arrived at the Second Appellant’s residence and
knocked on the window of his room as earlier informed. The Second Appellant
told Ah Boy to wait for him at the staircase outside his residence. As the
Second Appellant was walking out of his residence to meet Ah Boy, Kacong
called the Second Appellant on his mobile telephone asking the Second
Appellant to “pass the next call to [Ah Boy]”. When the next call came, the
Second Appellant passed his mobile telephone to Ah Boy. After this call ended,
the Second Appellant received another call from Kacong, telling him to lend Ah
Boy his mobile telephone as Ah Boy’s mobile telephone battery was flat, and to
pass his mobile telephone to Ah Boy whenever that particular caller should
call again from that phone number. Kacong also asked the Second Appellant if
Ah Boy had passed him the “pink plastic”; the Second Appellant told Kacong
that Ah Boy had not. Kacong then asked to speak to Ah Boy. After the call
ended, Ah Boy handed the Second Appellant the pink plastic bag. The Second
Appellant took it and put it at the side of the stairs, and then proceeded to
show Ah Boy how to operate his mobile telephone. Kacong soon called again and
asked the Second Appellant if he had collected the pink plastic bag, to which
the Second Appellant affirmed that he did. When the Second Appellant asked
Kacong what the pink plastic bag contained, Kacong told him that there was
something in it for the Second Appellant to consume, but that the Second
Appellant was not to finish it. Kacong then told the Second Appellant that he
would collect it after he returned from Kuala Lumpur. After speaking to the
Second Appellant, Kacong asked to speak to Ah Boy, which he did. When the call
ended, the Second Appellant returned to his residence, leaving his mobile
telephone with Ah Boy.

54 The Second Appellant went back to his room and opened the pink plastic bag
to discover that it was “ _ubat_ ”. He then began to smoke the “ _ubat_ ” with
aluminium foil from his kitchen. Some time later, Ah Boy returned and knocked
on the Second Appellant’s window, an act earlier agreed on by them to signal
that Ah Boy was ready to hand him back his mobile telephone. As the Second
Appellant was leaving to get his mobile telephone back from Ah Boy, he was
told by his mother to retrieve some groceries from the car. The Second
Appellant took the car keys and made his way out of his residence, meeting Ah
Boy at the staircase adjacent to his residence. Ah Boy returned the Second
Appellant’s phone to him and said that he was “leaving”. The Second Appellant
said that he wanted to go downstairs as well, and so they both went up to the
lift lobby on the 11th floor. At this point while walking to the lift the
Second Appellant observed that Ah Boy was carrying a pink coloured box. As
will be seen below, the Second Appellant gave conflicting evidence as to
whether or not he had touched the pink box. They both took the same lift down.
Ah Boy got off on the 6th floor but told the Second Appellant to “just carry
on down”. The Second Appellant then continued down to the ground floor. At the
ground floor, the Second Appellant exited the lift and went to where his car
was parked to retrieve the said groceries. He stated that he did not recall
seeing the First Appellant.

55 One great mystery, of course, in so far as the present appeals are
concerned, relates to the existence or identity of Ah Boy. Ah Boy was clearly
a central figure in this case. As we have seen, the First Appellant was
clearly under the impression that Ah Boy existed, although he was also under
the impression that the _Second Appellant_ was Ah Boy. But did Ah Boy exist,
or was he an “invention” of the Second Appellant? If he did exist, who was he?
All that is clear is that Ah Boy – if he did, in fact, exist - played a major
role in the entire scheme of things in so far as the present case is
concerned.

56 We are of the view that the Second Appellant and Ah Boy were probably one
and the same person. However, even if this were _not_ the case, there were two
insurmountable obstacles facing the Second Appellant in raising a reasonable
doubt with regard to the Judge’s findings for the Prosecution in relation to
the issues set out above (at [49]). First, he had to disassociate himself from
the telephone call at 3.04pm when his mobile telephone was used to call the
First Appellant, and moments thereafter, the Second Appellant emerged from the
lift with the pink box on the ground floor. Second, the Second Appellant had
to explain why his DNA was found on the pink box and the two sheets of
newspaper used to wrap one of the nine packets. Each obstacle will be
discussed in turn.

57 Addressing the first obstacle, we find that the Second Appellant has failed
to disassociate himself from the telephone call at 3.04pm when his mobile
telephone was used to call the First Appellant. The First Appellant had
testified that moments before the lift door opened and the Second Appellant
walked out, he (the First Appellant) had received a call from the Second
Appellant’s mobile telephone in which the caller stated that he was on his way
down. When the Second Appellant exited the lift, the First Appellant testified
that the former had given him a slight nod. The First Appellant saw the pink
box on the floor of the lift and proceeded to retrieve it. In the
circumstances, the First Appellant was under the impression that the Second
Appellant was Ah Boy.

58 It is significant to note that, even if we were to accept the Second
Appellant’s version of events, the telephone call made to the First Appellant
by Ah Boy must have occurred _before_ Ah Boy knocked on the Second Appellant’s
window for the second time (in order to return the mobile telephone) since the
Second Appellant had neither seen nor heard Ah Boy making any calls _after_
the latter knocked on his window. From the telephone records, the call was
made to the First Appellant at 3.04pm. The Second Appellant was arrested at
approximately 3.05pm and the First Appellant was arrested at approximately
3.10pm. This would mean that in the short span of approximately one minute (or
slightly more, to account for any time difference between the telephone
records of the telecommunications company and the time as recorded by the CNB
officers), the following would have had to have taken place: the Second
Appellant would have had to leave his room, take the car keys from his mother,
walk with Ah Boy from his residence on the 10th floor to the lift lobby on the
11th floor, wait for the lift to arrive (it is unclear whether the lift was
already waiting at the 11th floor), enter the lift, have Ah Boy stop at the
6th floor, and then emerge from the lift at the ground floor. The occurrence
of this series of events within such a short time, in our view, appears highly
improbable. In addition, if Ah Boy was not the Second Appellant, how could Ah
Boy have been sure that the First Appellant would have known that the pink box
on the floor of the lift contained the drugs? In this particular regard, it
should be noted that the First Appellant had testified that there were no
prior arrangements made between him and the caller on the phone as to how the
contraband cigarettes (which turned out to be drugs) would have been
collected. Given the value of the nine packets of drugs, it would not have
made sense for Ah Boy to have left it to chance when any person could have
entered the lift when it arrived at the ground floor and picked up the pink
box. In fact, the Second Appellant himself could have discovered that the pink
box contained drugs and kept the box for himself. It was very unlikely that Ah
Boy would have run this risk. Finally, the Second Appellant failed to account
as to why the First Appellant testified that the former had signalled to the
latter by giving a slight nod when the former exited the lift.

59 Turning to the second obstacle, we find that the Second Appellant has
failed to satisfactorily account as to why his DNA had been found on the pink
box and the two sheets of newspaper used to wrap one of the nine packets. In
the court below, the Second Appellant’s evidence in this regard was extremely
shaky and lacked credibility. He shifted between denying that he had touched
the pink box to saying that he could not remember whether he had touched it.
However, in his prior statements given whilst in custody, he stated that he
had touched the pink box. We have no hesitation in disbelieving the Second
Appellant’s testimony in the court below on this point. If he did not touch
the pink box, why was his DNA found on the pink box and the two sheets of
newspaper used to wrap one of the nine packets? If he could not remember
whether he had touched the box because he was “high” on drugs, why did he say
that he touched it in his statements made whilst he was in custody?

60 Significantly, even though the Second Appellant stated that he was too
“high” to remember whether he had touched the pink box, he still had the
lucidity and presence of mind to do the following just moments after he had
exited the lift at the ground floor: (i) he went to his car to check the
undercarriage for damage as he could recall that, the day before, he had heard
sounds of parts falling out while he was driving it; and (ii) he opened his
car boot to collect groceries for his mother. In this regard, we note that
counsel for the Second Appellant had written in to court for leave to adduce
evidence from medical journals. The evidence was intended to demonstrate that
the cocktail of drugs found in the Second Appellant’s urine tests would have
rendered him incapable of executing the alleged drug transaction between him
and the First Appellant. However, the extracts from the journals were not
helpful as they were of a very general and theoretical nature and failed to
show precisely how the cocktail of drugs would have affected the Second
Appellant on that day. In any event, the evidence given by the Second
Appellant (as discussed above) demonstrates clearly, in our view, that he had
a lucid mind at the material time.

61 The other main argument proffered by the Second Appellant was that
notwithstanding that Kacong was a key witness in determining whether Ah Boy
existed, Kacong had not been called as a witness and had, instead, been
granted a discharge not amounting to an acquittal. Furthermore, his
statements, testimony and evidence were never brought before the court. The
Second Appellant thus argued that an adverse inference should be drawn against
the Prosecution for Kacong’s non-production, with regard to the issue of Ah
Boy’s existence. The Prosecution responded that the onus was not on it to call
Kacong as a witness and that no adverse inference should therefore be drawn.
The Prosecution also argued that the Second Appellant ought to have called
Kacong as witness instead. We agree with the Prosecution. The Second Appellant
bore at the very least the evidential burden to adduce evidence to demonstrate
why Ah Boy – and not the Second Appellant himself – was associated with the
transaction involving the diamorphine in the pink box. There is no evidence on
record in which the Second Appellant was denied the opportunity to call Kacong
as a witness. Neither was there, in our view, a duty on the Prosecution to
lead evidence from Sopak as to the existence and identity of Ah Boy.

62 We should add, for the sake of completeness, that we did request the
Prosecution to furnish this court with Kacong’s statements as stated above at
[46]. Having perused the statements, however, we found nothing of relevance to
the issues set out above with regard to the Second Appellant.

63 Having regard to all the objective evidence as well as circumstances, we
are of the view that the Prosecution has proven beyond reasonable doubt that
the Second Appellant was in possession of the pink box for the purposes of
trafficking, and that he had knowledge that the pink box contained
diamorphine.

Conclusion

64 For the reasons set out above, we allow the First Appellant’s appeal and
set aside his conviction and dismiss the Second Appellant’s appeal. We will
hear counsel on any consequential orders, if any, that need to be made.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Mar 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

