Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  EC Investment Holding Pte Ltd _v_ Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and Anor (Orion
Oil Ltd and others, interveners)  
[2013] SGHC 139

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1357 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Eng Beng ,SC (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; P
Balachandran (M/S Robert Wang & Woo) for the first defendant; Alvin Yeo, SC
(Wong Partnership LLP) for the 2nd Intervener; Oon Thian Seng (Oon & Bazul
LLP) for the 3rd Interveners; Lim Yew Jin (IPTO) for the Official Assignee.  
Parties| :|  EC Investment Holding Pte Ltd — Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and Anor
(Orion Oil Ltd and others, interveners)  
  
19 July 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

Introduction

1 The current proceedings raise questions regarding the priority of unsecured
trust creditors _inter se_ as well as _vis-à-vis_ the trust beneficiary. The
parties are seeking orders on the distribution of S$4,248,240.91 remaining in
court, which is now contested over by Ridout’s unsecured creditors, who
collectively and individually claim priority over the Official Assignee (“the
OA”).

Background to the dispute

2 The present Originating Summons had been filed in 2009 by EC Investment
Holding Pte Ltd (“ECIH”) seeking specific performance for the sale of 39A
Ridout Road (“the Property”), pursuant to an Option to Purchase granted by the
1st Defendant, Ridout Residence Pte Ltd (“Ridout”), on 5 June 2009 (“the 1st
OTP”). The 2nd Intervener, Thomas Chan, also sought specific performance for
the sale of the Property pursuant to an Option to Purchase granted some 4
months later on 7 October 2009 with Ridout (“the 2nd OTP”).

3 Ridout was a trust vehicle created by one Mr Agus Anwar (“Anwar”), its sole
director and shareholder, who has now been adjudged to be bankrupt.

4 In _EC Investment Holding Pte Ltd v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and another
(Orion Oil Ltd and another, interveners)_ [2011] 2 SLR 232, I dismissed ECIH’s
claim for specific performance, granting specific performance to Thomas Chan
but ruled that ECIH was entitled to damages. The transfer of the Property to
Thomas Chan was duly completed on 17 December 2010, and following this, Thomas
Chan paid the balance purchase sum of S$14,728,240.91 into court after
discharging all sums due to the 2nd Defendant, Hong Leong Finance Limited
(“HLF”), including HLF’s mortgage over the Property. On appeal, the Court of
Appeal in _EC Investment Holding Pte Ltd v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and others
and another appeal_ [2012] 1 SLR 32 (the “CA judgment”) upheld my decision
agreeing with some, but not all my grounds. Importantly, the Court of Appeal
also held that Ridout held the Property on trust for Anwar.

5 On 3 January 2011, the 1st Intervener, Orion Oil took out an Originating
Summons (OS No 1 of 2011) to enforce its charge over the sale proceeds of the
Property, which it had registered on 24 September 2008. The Deed of Charge
Over Proceeds had been executed in consideration of a S$10,000,000 loan made
to Anwar. By agreement of the parties, I ordered the sum of S$10,500,000 to be
paid out to Orion Oil, leaving the balance to which these present proceedings
pertain.

Parties’ Claims to the Balance Purchase Price

6 ECIH filed Summons No 455 of 2012 claiming damages against Ridout comprising
the following components:

(a) a sum of $17 million, being the difference between ECIH’s agreed purchase
price of $20 million, and the purchase price of $37 million paid by Thomas
Chan for the Property;

(b) a sum of $1.5 million being the option fee paid by ECIH to Ridout; and

(c) a sum of $600,627 in stamp duty paid in relation to the sale of the
Property to ECIH, if IRAS declines to refund the same.

7 Thomas Chan’s claim against Ridout (Summons No 475 of 2012) is for late
completion interest under the terms of the 2nd OTP. Under Clause 8.2 of the
Law Society of Singapore’s Conditions of Sale 1999 (“Clause 8.2”), which is
incorporated into the terms of the 2nd OTP, Thomas Chan is entitled to the sum
of $3,275,935.81 as interest for late completion of the sale of the Property.

8 The 3rd Intervener, TYF Realty Pte Ltd (“TYF”), claims (under Summons No 455
of 2012) S$230,000 pursuant to Clause 14 of the 2nd OTP (“Clause 14”) which
provides for the estate agent’s service fee or commission upon the successful
sale of the Property. It contends that Clause 14 gave Ridout’s solicitors
irrevocable authority to deduct this service fee from the sale proceeds so
that TYF would have been entitled to direct payment upon completion of sale.

9 The OA’s claim was made on behalf of Anwar’s estate for the benefit of his
creditors following a bankruptcy order on 3 March 2011, since it is attested
that Ridout held the Property on trust for Anwar as recognised by the CA
judgment at [4] _supra_.

10 The claimants, ECIH, Thomas Chan and TYF, and the OA are agreed that their
claims should take precedence over the OA’s claim by subrogation, which allows
trust creditors to step into the shoes of Ridout _qua_ trustee, thereby
latching on to the Ridout’s right to indemnity from the assets held on trust
for Anwar, if I should find that the remedy of subrogation is available to
these claimants.

Remedy of subrogation of the trustee’s right to be indemnified by the trust
assets

11 ECIH, Thomas Chan and TYF claim the remaining sum paid into court on the
basis that they can subrogate to the right of the trustee, Ridout, to be
indemnified out of the trust assets for the liability incurred by Ridout to
them. This, they say, gives them priority over the beneficial interest of the
OA in the trust assets.

12 Our courts have not considered the question of whether an unsecured
creditor of a trustee has a right to be subrogated to the trustee’s right of
indemnity. Nonetheless, it is clear that this remedy exists in the common law:
see _e.g._ , _Octavo Investments Pty Ltd v Knight_ [1979] 144 CLR 361 (“
_Octavo_ ”) at 367 and 369-370, _Vacuum Oil Co Pty Ltd v Wiltshire_ [1945] 72
CLR 319 and _Dowse v Gorton_ [1891] AC 190. Since this has not been commonly
discussed in local jurisprudence, a brief look at the basic principles may be
helpful. While a typical agent who acts on behalf of his principal does not
incur any personal liability if acting within his scope of authority, a
trustee is in a different position because he acts as principal in connection
with the administration of the trust and incurs personal liabilities to
creditors whether or not acting in accordance with his powers and duties: John
Mowbray, _Lewin on Trusts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th ed, 2008) (“ _Lewin on
Trusts_ ”) at para 21-10.

13 However, where a trustee incurs a liability towards a creditor in the
proper discharge of the trust (a “trust creditor”), the trustee is entitled to
an indemnity out of the trust property to meet that liability: _Re Grimthorpe_
[1958] Ch 615 at 623:

… persons who take the onerous and sometimes dangerous duty of being trustee
are not expected to do any of the work at their own expense; _they are
entitled to be indemnified against the costs and expenses which they incur in
the course of their office; of course, that necessarily means that such costs
and expenses are properly incurred and not improperly incurred._ The general
rule is quite plain; they are entitled to be paid back all that they have had
to pay out. [emphasis added]

This much is undisputed by parties. I would add that a trustee’s indemnity is
of two types – a right to be indemnified out of the trust property and a
personal indemnity against the beneficiary which extends beyond the trust
assets and is based on the principle that the _cestui que trust_ who gets the
benefit of the property should bear its burden. Several authorities have
sought to explain that the former type of indemnity is effected by a lien or
charge over the trust property and conferring an equitable interest in the
trust fund to the extent of the amount of the liability: see _Jennings v
Mather_ [1901] QBD 109, at 113-114, approved on appeal by the English Court of
Appeal in _Jennings v Mather_ [1902] 1 KB 2 (“ _Jennings_ ”) and _Octavo_ at
367. Further the trustee’s right of indemnity takes priority over the claims
of any beneficiary: see _Lewin on Trusts_ at para 21-33; _Chief Commissioner
of Stamp Duties (NSW) v Buckle_ [1998] 192 CLR 226 (“ _Buckle_ ”) at [47] and
[48]; _Re Firth_ [1902] 1 Ch 342 at 345.

14 Typically, and especially if there is no direct dealing between the trust
creditor and the beneficiaries, the trust creditor can only institute its
claim against the trustee personally, and cannot do so against the assets of
the trust: see _Jennings_ at 5 and 7. While there may be instances where a
trust creditor has a direct proprietary remedy against the trust assets, for
example, by virtue of an express charge over the trust assets, the final
position on this is not fully settled. In any case, this does not arise in the
present case.

15 If the trustee does not or is unable to invoke that right of indemnity to
pay the creditor, such a creditor, having no direct claim against the trust
assets and not being able to levy execution against the trust assets, may
obtain an order of court that he be subrogated to the trustee’s right of
indemnity. If the court grants this order, the creditor’s _in personam_ right
against the trustee is elevated to a claim _in rem_ over the trust assets, and
the creditor gains priority over the beneficiaries of the trust assets because
equity regards the creditor's claim as having primacy over that of the
beneficiary: see _In re Johnson; Shearman v Robinson_ (1880) 15 Ch D 548, _In
re Pumfrey, Deceased_ (1882) 22 Ch D 255, _In re Blundell_ (1889) 44 Ch D 1 (“
_In re Blundell_ ”), _In re Raybould_ [1900] 1 Ch 199 and _Lewin on Trusts_ at
para 21-42. It is also clear that the subrogation is not a cause of action,
but an equitable remedy which is not granted as a right but in circumstances
where it is appropriate to do so: see _Lerinda Pty Ltd v Laertes Investments
Pty Ltd as Trustee for the Ap-Pack Deveney Unit Trust_ [2009] QSC 251 at [7].

16 In our case, Ridout when administering the trust, entered into contracts
with each of the three creditors: ECIH, Thomas Chan and TYF. Ridout has
clearly breached each of these contracts and there is no doubt that Anwar, the
beneficiary as well as the sole shareholder and director of Ridout, is the
controlling and directing mind behind Ridout. All the acts complained of by
these creditors and which caused these proceedings arose from contracts
negotiated and signed by Anwar in his capacity as director of Ridout. On the
facts, it is clear that Ridout will be entitled to an indemnity from the trust
for liability caused by these breaches of contract and its right of indemnity
will take priority over the claim of the beneficiary Anwar.

Whether a winding up application must have been taken up against Ridout before
its creditors can subrogate

17 Before deciding on the priorities amongst the creditors, I have to first
deal with a preliminary point. In its written submissions, Ridout raised the
objection that a trustee is required to put a corporate trustee into
liquidation before the creditor could enforce the remedy of subrogation, and
that because ECIH and Thomas Chan have not taken any steps to present a
winding-up application against Ridout, it is premature for them to claim the
remedy of subrogation. Ridout relies on the following passage in _Levin v
Ikiua_ [2012] 1 NZLR 400 (“ _Levin_ ”) where the New Zealand High Court said
(at [121]):[note: 1]

[121] Professor Ford, Trading Trusts and Creditors’ Rights, [(1981-1982) 13
Melb. U. L. Rev. 1 at 19, explains how the right of subrogation developed:

The right of a trust creditor to take advantage of a trustee's right to
exoneration out of the trust estate appears to have been accorded under the
practice of the Court of Chancery when supervising the distribution of a fund
following a suit for administration of a deceased estate. It was not simply a
matter of it being convenient for the court of equity to recognize the
creditor's claim and to allow him to be paid without requiring him first to
proceed at common law. When the Court of Chancery took into its own hands the
administration of an estate, it restrained creditors from pursuing their legal
remedy at common law [_Harrison v Kirk_ [1904] AC 1 (HL) at 5 per Lord Davey].
When the Court made the decree for administration it operated as a judgment
for all the creditors and the creditors then had to prove their debts under
the administration decree. _A creditor who seeks the benefit of a trustee's
right of indemnity_** _against a beneficiary personally_** _would have to make
the trustee bankrupt_. [emphasis in italics added by counsel for Ridout;
emphasis in bold italics added by this Court]

18 Counsel for ECIH, Mr Lee, contends that the passage in _Levin_ cited above
is merely dicta and says that there is no other authority for this
proposition. Further, it is Mr Lee’s argument that if a winding-up application
should be taken up against Ridout, more costs would be incurred. However, Mr
Lee has not cited any authority in this regard.

19 Counsel for Thomas Chan, Mr Yeo, makes two arguments resisting Ridout’s
proposition. First, Mr Yeo submits that the court in _Levin_ did not lay down
a firm rule that a trustee, against whom the remedy of subrogation is
enforced, must first be wound up. Mr Yeo says that the court in _Levin_
recognised that recourse by a creditor against a trustee through the right of
indemnity would be necessary where the trustee does not have sufficient assets
to meet the debt (at [121]), and that the need to subrogate only arises if the
trustee was not prepared to exercise that right of indemnity (at [124]). Mr
Yeo says that both elements exist in the present case even without putting
Ridout into liquidation.[note: 2] With respect, Mr Yeo’s first argument is not
quite right. While the court in _Levin_ might have enunciated the
circumstances where it was necessary to seek recourse of a trustee through his
right of indemnity and to enforce a remedy of subrogation to that indemnity,
this does not deal with the requirements necessary to invoke that remedy of
subrogation.

20 In practice subrogation has usually been ordered by the court where the
trustee is insolvent: see generally _In re Blundell_ and _In re British Power
Traction and Lighting Company Ltd_ [1910] 2 Ch.D. 470. _Levin_ appears to be
the only authority stating that a trustee’s creditor must put the trustee in
liquidation before being able to enforce the remedy of subrogation of the
trustee’s right of indemnity against the trust assets. In coming to its
decision, the High Court in _Levin_ appeared to have been influenced by the
passage from Ford’s article cited in its judgment. That passage should
therefore be carefully scrutinized in its context.

21 The passage comes from a short section in H.A.J. Ford’s article titled
“Rights of Trust Creditors where Trustee has right to recoupment or
exoneration against the Beneficiary Personally” which reads (Ford at 18-19,
citations omitted):

If a trustee has a right of recoupment **_against a beneficiary personally_**
the trust creditor who obtained a judgment against the trustee could possibly
obtain satisfaction by garnishee proceedings.

Simply because a trust creditor is sometimes allowed to stand in the shoes of
a trustee so as to be able to be given the benefit of the trustee’s right to
indemnity **_against the trust estate_** , it does not follow that a trust
creditor should be subrogated to the trustee in respect of a right of
exoneration **_against a beneficiary_**. The right in relation to indemnity
**_against the trust estate_** stems from the practice of the Court of
Chancery in administration actions in the distribution of a fund under
administration by the Court. There appears to be no similar procedure for a
right of subrogation in respect of a trustee’s right **_against a
beneficiary_** personally although it is not easy to see why, as a matter of
policy, there should not be a right of subrogation.

_The right of a trust creditor to take advantage of a trustee's right to
exoneration_ **__out of the trust estate__** _appears to have been accorded
under the practice of the Court of Chancery when supervising the distribution
of a fund following a suit for administration of a deceased estate. It was not
simply a matter of it being convenient for the court of equity to recognize
the creditor's claim and to allow him to be paid without requiring him first
to proceed at common law. When the Court of Chancery took into its own hands
the administration of an estate, it restrained creditors from pursuing their
legal remedy at common law. When the Court made the decree for administration
it operated as a judgment for all the creditors and the creditors then had to
prove their debts under the administration decree._

_A creditor who seeks the benefit of a trustee's right of indemnity_
**__against a beneficiary personally__** _would have to make the trustee
bankrupt._

[underlined portion of the passage cited by the court in _Levin_ ; emphasis in
bold italics added by this Court]

22 From the emphases added to the full passage cited from Ford’s article, it
is clear that Ford was contrasting the creditor’s remedy of subrogation to the
trustee’s right of indemnity of the trust assets on the one hand, and of the
trustee’s right of indemnity from the beneficiary personally on the other.
Ford’s point was that the Chancery cases only go so far as establishing a
right for trust creditors to claim _against the trust estate_ through
subrogation, and it does not follow from this that the trust creditors can
similarly claim _against a beneficiary personally_ through subrogation. This
is also in accordance with the position in _Ex parte Garland_ (1804) 10 Ves.
111 which sets out the rule that the trust creditor can only reach into the
section of the estate set aside for the administration of the trust, and in
line with the general position of equity that trustees enter into contracts in
their own personal capacity: see _Re Johnson_ (1880) 15 Ch D 548 at 552 _per_
Jessel MR and _Octavo_ at 367.

23 When the passage is viewed in its context, it becomes clear that the need
to make the trustee bankrupt is only necessary when seeking to subrogate to a
trustee’s right of indemnity _against a beneficiary personally_. The reason
for this was given by Ford in an earlier section of the same article, where
Ford explains that: “In many cases in which a trustee has been held to have a
right of indemnity against a beneficiary personally, the trustee has first
exhausted his right to indemnity out of the trust estate.” If this is correct,
then Ford’s understanding is that all trust creditors have, _ex debitio
justitiae_ , a claim _against the trust estate_ via subrogation into the shoes
of the trustee. The requirement of bankruptcy only applies if the trust
creditors seek further recompense against the beneficiary of the trust. Thus,
_Levin_ appears to have been, with respect, premised on a misreading of Ford,
and does not present any impediment to ECIH, Thomas Chan and TYF.

24 Mr Yeo’s second argument is that the need to make a trustee bankrupt or
apply to wind it up before enforcing the remedy of subrogation is not a hard
and fast rule because the remedy of subrogation is also available if “it is
reasonable to assume that obtaining a judgment against the trustee would be
pointless”. In this regard, Mr Yeo relied on _Zen Ridgeway Pty Ltd v Adams_
[2009] QSC 117 (“ _Zen Ridgeway_ ”) at [13] where the Queensland Supreme Court
said that “the right of access to the trust assets by way of subrogation is
inchoate unless the trustee is insolvent or it is otherwise reasonable to
assume that obtaining a judgment against the trustee would be pointless”.

25 The court in _Zen Ridgeway_ in turn cited _Re Wilson_ [1942] VLR 177 at 183
(“ _Re Wilson_ ”) as authority for this proposition. In _Re Wilson_ , one
Thomas Wilson devised and bequeathed all his property to his trustees to
manage and/or sell. Wilson also directed that the trustees should be free from
all responsibility and be fully indemnified out of his estate in respect of
any loss arising in relation to such management and working of the said lands
or in the administration of the estate generally. In the course of so carrying
on the business, the trustees had incurred indebtedness to the plaintiff. The
plaintiff then took out an originating summons asking for an order for the
administration by the Court of the real and personal estate of the deceased
and for consequential orders for accounts, sale of the real and personal
estate and payment into Court of all moneys in the hands of the trustees.

26 The trustees, in resisting the action, relied on _Owen v Delamere_ [1872]
LR 15 Eq 134 (“ _Owen_ ”) which they say stood for the proposition that until
the plaintiff pursues his claim against the trustees who are his principal
debtors to judgment he cannot claim to be subrogated to their rights and so
claim against the estate to the extent to which they are entitled to an
indemnity. The Supreme Court of Victoria in _Re Wilson_ disagreed, finding
instead that the court in _Owen_ did not rule as such. The Supreme Court of
Victoria in _Re Wilson_ then went on to find at 181-183 that:

If all that appears is that the trustees have, in the administration of the
estate, incurred a debt to the plaintiff' for which they are personally
liable, but in respect of which they have a right to be indemnified out of the
estate, the creditor has shown no reason why he should not be left to pursue
his common law remedy, and has shown no reason why equity should interfere in
his favour by making an order for the administration of the estate. On the
other hand if he has pursued his common law right to judgment and has failed
to get that judgment satisfied he can come in and claim an order for
administration of that part of the estate which the testator has authorised to
be used in his business, provided always that the trustees have not lost their
right of indemnity against the estate.

But if a creditor has demanded payment from the trustee and has failed to get
satisfaction, and if the facts proved lead to the inference that judgment
against the trustee will probably be difficult to execute, must the creditor
be put to the useless, expenditure involved in an action at law before he will
be allowed to proceed in a Court of equity for an order for administration?
...

27 The Supreme Court of Victoria then referred to the case of _In re Geary;
Sandford v Geary_ [1939] NI 152 where the court did not think it was necessary
for the creditor to sue the executor in the first instance before taking
proceedings for administration if he will only obtain a “fruitless judgment”.
The Supreme Court of Victoria then said at 183:

There appears to be no reason in principle why a creditor must pursue his
common law rights to judgment before he will be allowed to be subrogated to
the trustees' indemnity against the estate. It is one thing to refuse him an
order for administration as a matter of discretion if no more appears than the
fact of the debt, but if he has demanded payment from his debtor and has
failed to receive payment and the circumstances are such as to lead to the
reasonable conclusion that a judgment, if obtained, would be fruitless, it
would be a harsh and unnecessary rule that required him first to proceed to
judgment.

28 It thus appears to me that there is some strength in Mr Yeo’s argument. In
fact, the Australian position boosts procedural expediency by allowing
judgment creditors to reach the trust assets without having to take the
redundant step of first executing their judgment debts against the trustee
when it appears pointless to do so. All that the trust creditors would have to
do is to bring an _in personam_ claim against the trustee and prove their
debts against the trustee. Insofar as the present case is concerned, have the
claimants shown reason why they should not be left to pursue their common law
remedy of winding up Ridout before applying to be subrogated to Ridout’s right
of indemnity? I find that they have. Ridout’s asset and liability positions
are clear. Ridout has no assets other than the Property which has since been
sold and the proceeds of which have been paid into court. Ridout’s creditors
are also all known because an order was made on 15 September 2010, which was
advertised, that any party having a claim to the monies paid into court shall
apply to court by 31 January 2012, and no claimants other than those in this
action have applied to court pursuant to my order of 15 September 2010. Thus,
I agree with Mr Lee and Mr Yeo that it is pointless in these circumstances to
have Ridout wound up before its creditors can enforce their remedies of
subrogation since the fact that Ridout cannot satisfy all the claimants’
claims is clear, and imposing this rule will only result in unnecessary time
and costs being wasted. This is neither consistent with common sense nor
public policy.

Whether Agus Anwar’s bankruptcy has any effect on the parties’ claims

29 Another preliminary point I must deal with is whether Anwar’s bankruptcy
has any effect on the parties’ claims. The OA contends that the trust assets,
which are the property of Anwar, were vested in the OA on 3 March 2011 when
Anwar was adjudged a bankrupt by virtue of s 76(1)(a) of the _Bankruptcy Act_
(Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed), and that, subject to any amount which relates to any
proprietary interest which anyone had in the Property or the sale proceeds
before 3 March 2011, the trust assets are vested in the OA for the benefit of
Anwar’s creditors.[note: 3] The OA further argues, on the authority of _Zen
Ridgeway_ at [13] (see [24] above), that the creditors’ right to access trust
assets by subrogation to the trustee’s right of indemnity is inchoate and only
comes into existence when a court orders such a remedy. The OA also says that
_Zen Ridgeway_ does not stand for the proposition of law that a creditor’s
remedy of subrogation relates back to the date when the trustee incurs
liability.

30 However, when the decision in _Zen Ridgeway_ is read in full, it is clear
that the OA’s argument is, with respect, untenable. In _Zen Ridgeway_ at [10],
the court cited the following passage from the High Court of Australia in
_Buckle_ at 246-247:

The term ‘trust assets’ may be used to identify those held by the trustee upon
the terms of the trust, but, in respect of such assets, _there exist the
respective proprietary rights, in order of priority, of the trustee and the
beneficiaries_. The interests of the beneficiaries are not ‘encumbered’ by the
trustee's right of exoneration or reimbursement. Rather, the trustee's right
to exoneration or recoupment ‘ _takes priority_ over the rights in or in
reference to the assets of beneficiaries or others who stand in that
situation’ (_Vacuum Oil Co Pty Ltd v Wiltshire_ (1945) 72 CLR 319 at 335). A
court of equity may authorise the sale of assets held by the trustee so as to
satisfy the right to reimbursement or exoneration. In that sense, there is an
equitable charge over the ‘trust assets’ which may be enforced in the same way
as any other equitable charge (_Hewett v Court_(1983) 149 CLR 639 at 663).
However, _the enforcement of the charge is an exercise of the prior rights
conferred upon the trustee as a necessary incident of the office of trustee.
It is not a security interest or right which has been created_. [emphasis
added]

31 It thus appears clear to me that both ECIH’s and Thomas Chan’s remedy of
subrogation to Ridout’s right of indemnity date back to the date where Ridout
first incurred such liability. Since ECIH’s and Thomas Chan’s right to damages
against Ridout arose on 15 September 2010 when I ordered damages to be awarded
to them, their remedy of subrogation relates back to 15 September 2010, and
this precedes Anwar’s bankruptcy order on 3 March 2011. Therefore, since the
trustee’s right of indemnity against the trust assets operates by way of an
equitable lien or charge over the portion of the trust assets co-extensive
with the amount of liability incurred by Ridout, both ECIH and Thomas Chan
have a valid competing equitable interest to the trust assets which pre-date
Anwar’s bankruptcy.

32 TYF’s position is, however, different. Its right of indemnity in relation
to the judgment sum in Suit 856 of 2011 in the District Court only arose on 3
May 2011 when the District Court made the order for damages, and this came
after Anwar’s bankruptcy order on 3 March 2011.[note: 4] This being the case,
the equitable interest in the trust assets arising out of Ridout’s right to be
indemnified out of the trust assets only arose on 3 May 2011. Consequently, on
this issue, TYF’s remedy of subrogation only dates back to 3 May 2011 and
TYF’s judgment debt in the District Court stands _pari passu_ with the debts
of Anwar’s other creditors at best.

33 During oral submissions before me on 30 July 2012, TYF raised a new
argument that it had a separate equitable interest in the trust assets arising
from a purported equitable assignment of part of the trust assets to it by
virtue of Clause 14 of the 2nd OTP. This argument, if successful, would rank
TYF ahead of Anwar’s general creditors and even ahead of Ridout’s right of
indemnity out of the trust assets because it would have created a competing
equitable interest in the trust assets operative from 8 October 2009, the date
of the completion of sale, which predates Anwar’s bankruptcy order on 3 March
2011 and my judgment dated 15 September 2010. This separate argument is
considered below at [52].

Whether the creditors enforcing their remedy of subrogation rank pari passu or
in order of time

34 Having found that there are no procedural or substantive objections to the
subrogation to Ridout’s right of indemnity against the trust assets by ECIH
and Thomas Chan, I next move on to consider how these competing creditors rank
to be paid off from the remaining trust assets since the parties’ claim
amounts in total exceed the trust assets remaining. Between trust creditors,
there appears to be only two possible bases of priority: ranking _pari passu_
, or ranking in order of time, so that the liability which arose first would
be met first. The learned authors of _Lewin on Trusts_ note that there is no
authority on the point, although they also note that the South Australian
Court of Appeal has intimated a preference for distribution _pari passu_ : see
_Re Suco Gold Pty Ltd (In Liquidation)_ (1983) 33 SASR 99 (_“Re Suco Gold_ ”)
at 109. The learned authors of _Lewin on Trusts_ also note that competing
equities do not always rank in order of time and a distribution _pari passu_
would on occasion avoid difficult and cumbersome enquiries (at para 22-30).

35 I note at this juncture that Thomas Chan and TYF have made alternative
arguments as to why they are entitled to be paid out of the trust assets in
priority to ECIH. Thomas Chan claims a right of equitable set-off against
Ridout for the late completion interest in relation to the sale of the
Property to him, while TYF claims that Ridout has equitably assigned a portion
of the trust assets to it. Thomas Chan’s alternative argument, even if
successful, does not _necessarily_ rank him ahead of ECIH because this right
of set-off is against Ridout and not against Anwar, and Thomas Chan would
still need to be subrogated to Ridout’s right of indemnity to reach the trust
assets. On the other hand, as explained above at [33], TYF’s alternative
argument, if successful, would give them an equitable interest independent of
Ridout’s right of indemnity against the trust assets and rank them ahead. The
present claimants are also in agreement that they should all rank _pari passu_
but ahead of the OA should Thomas Chan’s and TYF’s alternative arguments
fail.[note: 5] On this premise, I would first consider the alternative
arguments adopted by Thomas Chan and TYF Realty because if their alternative
arguments fail, all these creditors would rank _pari passu_ in being paid out.

Thomas Chan’s Right of Equitable Set-off

36 I now deal with Thomas Chan’s alternative argument that he is entitled to
rank ahead of the other claimants and the OA because he has a right of
equitable set-off against Ridout. This argument is premised on Thomas Chan’s
claim for late completion interest against Ridout pursuant to Clause 8.2.

Whether Clause 8.2 is considered a penalty clause in the present case

37 A preliminary issue I have to address is whether Clause 8.2 is a penalty
clause in the present case. Counsel for Ridout, Mr Balachandran contends that
Clause 8.2 should be struck down for invalidity because “the liquidated
damages rate of 10% on the purchase price of $37 million is so excessive in
the circumstances that it amounts to a penalty”.[note: 6] Mr Balachandran
referred to the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Hong Leong Finance Ltd v Tan
Gin Huay and another_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 755 where the court cited with approval
the seminal decision of _Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Company, Limited v New Garage
and Motor Company, Limited_ [1915] AC 79:

18 In considering whether the default interest payable under these provisions
was a penalty we take as a convenient starting point, the decision of the
House of Lords in _Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Company, Limited v New Garage and
Motor Company, Limited_ [1915] AC 79 at 86-87, where Lord Dunedin
authoritatively laid down a series of "rules" or guidelines for ascertaining
whether a stipulated sum is liquidated damages or a penalty, which, so far as
relevant, are as follows:

In view of that fact, and of the number of the authorities available, I do not
think it advisable to attempt any detailed review of the various cases, but I
shall content myself with stating succinctly the various propositions which I
think are deducible from the decisions which rank as authoritative:

1 Though the parties to a contract who use the words "penalty" or "liquidated
damages" may prima facie be supposed to mean what they say, yet the expression
used is not conclusive. The court must find out whether the payment stipulated
is in truth a penalty or liquidated damages. This doctrine may be said to be
found passim in nearly every case.

2 ...

3 The question whether a sum stipulated is penalty or liquidated damages is a
question of construction to be decided upon the terms and inherent
circumstances of each particular contract, judged of as at the time of the
making of the contract, not as at the time of the breach (_Public Works
Commissioner v Hills_ [1906] AC 368 and _Webster v Bosanquet_ [1912] AC 394).

4 To assist this task of construction various tests have been suggested, which
if applicable to the case under consideration may prove helpful, or even
conclusive. Such are:

(a) It will be held to be penalty if the sum stipulated for is extravagant and
unconscionable in amount in comparison with the greatest loss that could
conceivably be proved to have followed from the breach. (Illustration given by
Lord Halsbury in _Clydebank Case_ [1905] AC 6.)

(b) It will be held to be a penalty if the breach consists only in not paying
a sum of money, and the sum stipulated is a sum greater than the sum which
ought to have been paid (_Kemble v Farren_ 6 Bing 141). This though one of the
most ancient instances is truly a corollary to the last test.

38 Mr Balachandran submits that Clause 8.2 is in substance a penalty clause in
the present case because Thomas Chan had only paid the sum of $1.85 million in
November 2009 pursuant to the 2nd OTP, and the late completion interest of
$3,275,935.81 which he is now claiming is “excessive and unconscionable”. With
respect, I am unable to agree. First, this sum is not higher than the total
purchase price of the Property. Secondly, I cannot accept the argument that
Thomas Chan did not anticipate a drop in the market price of the Property when
the 2nd OTP was granted in October 2009 and therefore would not anticipate a
substantial loss of 10% of the purchase price when he signed the 2nd OTP.
Market forces are inherently unpredictable and the court will not act on
conjecture. Thirdly, no evidence was led as to Thomas Chan’s views on the
movements in the Property’s market price. Mr Balachandran also points to the
fact that Thomas Chan has since sold the Property for a staggering price of
$60.6 million, netting an incredible profit of $23.6 million. However, this is
an irrelevant consideration as the court cannot judge the construction of the
liquidated damages clause with the benefit of hindsight; instead the
circumstances at the time of the making of the contract must be considered.
Finally, there is ample authority that Clause 8.2 is a genuine pre-estimate of
damages and not a penalty clause: see _e.g._ , _Chan Ah Beng v Liang and Sons
Holdings (S) Pte Ltd_ [2012] 3 SLR 1088 at [56] and _Cathay Theatres Pte Ltd v
LKM Investment Holdings Pte Ltd_ [1999] SGHC 171 at [107]. Therefore, I find
that Clause 8.2 is not a penalty clause and Thomas Chan’s claim is not invalid
or unenforceable.

The law on equitable set-off

39 Having found that Clause 8.2 is not invalid or unenforceable for being a
penalty clause, I now turn to Thomas Chan’s alternative argument of equitable
set-off. The right of equitable set-off was dealt with in some detail by the
Court of Appeal in _Pacific Rim Investments Pte Ltd v Lam Seng Tiong and
another_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 643 (“ _Pacific Rim_ ”). In _Pacific Rim_ , the Court
of Appeal, after reviewing the historical origins and development of the right
of equitable set-off, made the following observations about the nature of a
right of equitable set-off:

(a) equitable set-off is a substantive defence rather than a procedural
defence, that is, it is a form of self-help remedy available to the person
with that right (the debtor) who is not obliged to await legal proceedings to
be brought by the other party (the creditor) to deduct his cross-claim, and
its existence provides justification for the debtor to withhold payment to the
creditor in the absence of legal proceedings (at [19] and [35]);

(b) the exercise of equitable set-off is only permitted if equitable
considerations support such an exercise, that is, the courts will only
recognise cross-claims that arise out of the same transaction or cross-claims
which are closely connected with the plaintiff’s claim such that it would be
manifestly unjust to allow the plaintiff to enforce payment without taking
into account the defendant’s cross-claim (at [35]); and

(c) the right to equitable set-off may be expressly excluded by contract (at
[36]).

40 In _Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala Cashew Exporters) v
Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 856 Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then
was) had occasion to revisit the issue of equitable set-off where he observed
at [26] that:

… the court should not get bogged down in the nuances of differently expressed
formulations, save that there must be a close and inseparable relationship
between the claims. Beyond this, the outcome can be left to be governed by
notions of fairness and whether the circumstances are such that it would be
manifestly unjust to allow one claim to be enforced without regard to the
other...

41 In the present case, Thomas Chan says that he has a right of equitable set-
off because his claim for late completion interest as liquidated damages
arises out of the very transaction in which Ridout is entitled to payment of
the proceeds of the sale of the Property.[note: 7] I agree.

Whether Thomas Chan’s right of equitable set-off applies in the present case

42 However, the factual complication that has arisen in the present case is
that Thomas Chan did not exercise this right when, after discharging HLF’s
mortgage, he paid the balance purchase price less the option fee of S$1
million into court pursuant to my order made on 15 September 2010. The
question then arises whether Thomas Chan’s right of equitable set-off has thus
been extinguished, or whether, as Mr Yeo contends, that right is merely
“suspended”.

43 I pause here to reiterate briefly the relevant factual context. On 15
September 2010, I had made the following orders (see [164] and [166] of my
judgment dated 15 September 2010):

(a) HLF’s mortgage together with all outstanding interest and costs shall be
paid out of the proceeds of sale payable by Thomas Chan in the first instance
without prejudice to his rights to seek recovery from any of the parties
hereto or otherwise; and

(b) after discharging the mortgage and all sums outstanding thereunder to HLF,
Thomas Chan shall pay the balance of the purchase price (“the Balance Sum”)
into court pending further order. Any party having a claim to these funds
shall make an application to court and serve the papers on the relevant
parties.

These orders were upheld by the Court of Appeal on 28 September 2011: see _EC
Investment Holding Pte Ltd v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and others and another
appeal_ [2012] 1 SLR 32. To be fair, there were no arguments addressed as to
whether anyone had an equitable lien or equitable set-off or challenged the
existence of such rights before I made those orders. What was evident to me
then was that there would be multiple claimants over the balance and allowing
any party to hold it would not have been desirable, hence I made the orders
that I did.

44 Pursuant to my order of 15 September 2010, Thomas Chan duly paid the
balance sum into court on 28 December 2010, but this was not before he had
expressly reserved his right to claim late completion interest as liquidated
damages against Ridout in a letter sent by his solicitors to Ridout’s
solicitors dated 16 November 2010 where Thomas Chan’s solicitors stated:

We refer to the Court Judgment dated 15 September2010 (the “Judgement”)

...

Pursuant to Paragraph 166 of the Judgment, please note that the balance
purchase price after deduction of the mortgage and all sums outstanding
thereunder to HLF are to be paid in Court pending further order.

_Please take note that the computation of the sum that is payable on
completion does not take into account interest (as liquidated damages) that
our client is entitled to pursuant to Condition 8.2.1 of the Law Society’s
Conditions of Sale 1999. In this regard, our client’s right to claim for such
interest (as liquidated damages) is expressly reserved_. [emphasis added]

45 Mr Yeo says that this evidences Thomas Chan’s intention to suspend, not
waive, his right to equitable set-off against Ridout. Mr Yeo further contends
that for a waiver to be established there must be an unequivocal
representation of such a waiver which is clearly absent in the present facts
before me. Finally, Mr Yeo contends that the fact that he did not object to
Orion Oil’s claim against the sum paid into court does not signify a waiver of
his right to set-off because the remaining sum after satisfying Orion Oil’s
claim well exceeded the amount owed to Thomas Chan and Thomas Chan saw no need
to object to Orion Oil’s claim.

46 Counsel for ECIH, Mr Lee, contends otherwise. Mr Lee, relying on _Pacific
Rim_ at [35], says that an equitable set-off is a substantive defence which
must be exercised before making payment, and that Thomas Chan has lost this
right by paying the balance sum into court. Mr Lee also says that this payment
into court must be taken to be payment over to Ridout for Thomas Chan’s claim
in subrogation to succeed, because otherwise Ridout as trustee has no right of
indemnity against the balance sum paid into court. Mr Lee also raised a second
counter-argument that throughout proceedings between the parties, Thomas Chan
has always conducted himself on the basis that he only had a right to damages
against Ridout rather than a right of equitable set-off. Further, Thomas Chan
never intimated, reserved, or raised any right of set-off till the hearing on
30 July 2012 even though there were four distinct opportunities for him to
have done so.

47 To resolve this issue, the nature and operation of a right of equitable
set-off must be closely examined. Rory Derham, in his book _Derham on the Law
of Set-Off_ (4th ed) (“Derham”), describes the specie of equitable set-off in
our local jurisprudence as a “substantive equitable set-off”, and describes
the nature of such a right of set-off as follows (Derham at para 4.30, some
citations omitted):

Notwithstanding various judicial statements which on their face may suggest
the contrary, _the view that the defence is substantive does not mean that it
operates as an automatic extinguishment of cross-demands. The availability of
an equitable set-off operates in equity to impeach the title to a demand_
(_Rawson v Samuel_ (1841) Cr & Ph 161 at 179). It affects the conscience of a
creditor, so as to impugn the creditor’s right to assert that any moneys are
owing by the debtor to the extent of the debtor’s cross-claim. _At law the
cross-demands remain in existence and retain their separate identities until
extinguished by judgment or agreement_. But as far as equity is concerned, it
is unconscionable for the creditor, even before judgment, to assert that
moneys are due to it from the debtor, or to proceed on the basis that the
debtor has defaulted in payment, if and to the extent that circumstances exist
which support an equitable set-off… [emphasis added]

48 The notion that the claimant’s claim is not extinguished prior to judgment
for a set-off is reflected in one of the grounds for the decision of the House
of Lords in _Aries Tanker Corporation v Total Transport Ltd_ [1977] 1 WLR 185
(“ _Aries Tanker_ ”) (see also Derham at para 4.31). In _Aries Tanker_ , the
respondents were the owners of a tanker which was let to the appellant
charterers on a voyage charter to carry petroleum to Rotterdam from the
Arabian Gulf. On discharge at Rotterdam there was short delivery of the cargo,
prompting the appellants to withhold $30,000 from the sum they paid in respect
of the freight. The respondents, who did not accept the validity of the
deduction, issued a writ claiming payment of the unpaid amount of freight, and
the appellants argued as a defence that they had an equitable set-off in
respect of the withheld sum. The House of Lords did not accept the appellants’
argument because the time bar for the enforcement of their damages claim had
set in under the applicable Hague Rules, with the result that their claim had
ceased to exist and could not be introduced for any purpose into legal
proceedings (at 188). This was so even though the appellants had asserted
their claim within the relevant time period by deducting the amount of their
claim from the freight amount paid to the respondent (at 188-189).

49 From the discussion above, it is clear that a right of equitable set-off
remains separate and distinct from the claim against which the set-off is
claimed, until extinguished by judgment or agreement. The right of equitable
set-off does not operate as an automatic extinguishment of cross-demands.
Before any legal proceedings are brought by a claimant against the defendant,
the only function of the defendant’s right of equitable set-off is to impeach
the claimant’s title to a demand and make it unconscionable for the claimant
to assert that moneys are due to it from the debtor before judgment and to act
on that basis by, for example, terminating a sale and purchase agreement for
non-payment of the purchase price. When legal proceedings are subsequently
brought by the claimant against the defendant, the defendant can then invoke
its right of equitable set-off to reduce the quantum of the claimant’s claim,
and if accepted by the court the right of set-off is thereby extinguished by
judgment. However, if a defendant’s right of equitable set-off is not invoked
before the claimant’s claim is fully satisfied, the defendant cannot
subsequently claim to “backdate” the right of equitable set-off to the time
when it was first came into being because such right of equitable set-off does
not operate as an _automatic_ extinguishment of cross-demands. Insofar as a
right of equitable set-off has been described as a “self-help” remedy by the
Court of Appeal in _Pacific Rim_ , this term could be understood as meaning
that a debtor is entitled to withhold payment of the debt to the extent of the
amount of set-off even before the declaration of such a right by a court (see
Derham at para 4.33), but it does not mean that the right of equitable set-off
has, without more, automatically reduced the scope of the claimant’s claim.
This is not to say that the defendant’s right of equitable set-off is
extinguished – if the claimant subsequently brings another claim against the
defendant which is sufficiently closely connected, the defendant can once
again invoke this right of equitable set-off (assuming the time bar for his
late completion interest has not set in). Until then, however, if there is no
such claim, then the defendant’s claim can still be brought as a separate
action against the claimant.

50 Understood in this manner, it becomes apparent that Mr Yeo’s argument must
fail. In the hearing before me in July 2010, Thomas Chan did not raise any
argument in relation to the late completion interest he is now claiming and
understandably so given that Thomas Chan’s right to specific performance of
the 2nd SPA was not yet declared by the court. This being the case, when the
order was made for Thomas Chan to pay the balance of the purchase price for
the Property into court in view of all the competing claims to the Property,
it extinguished Ridout’s claim against Thomas Chan for the Property’s purchase
price even though the money has not been paid into Ridout’s hands. In this
sense the issue of whether Thomas Chan had any right of equitable set-off
never arose. Over and above that, the position may have been different if, in
the circumstances of this case, the right to an equitable set-off had been
asserted during final submissions or at the very least if Thomas Chan had
asked the court to preserve his right to assert an equitable set-off
immediately upon handing down of my judgment in [2011] 2 SLR 232 and before
completion and payment into court. The subsequent letter of 16 November 2010
does not assist Thomas Chan on its terms and because it was made after my
order. In this premise, the outcome in law is that Thomas Chan has lost the
opportunity to invoke his right of equitable set-off vis-à-vis Ridout’s right
to seek the balance purchase price for the Property from Thomas Chan.

51 It only remains for me to say that Mr Yeo is right to say that Thomas Chan
has not _waived_ his right of equitable set-off against Ridout and that Mr
Lee’s argument that Thomas Chan has “lost” this right by paying the balance
sum into court is wrong; this right was just never invoked when the order
satisfying Ridout’s claim for the balance purchase price was made, but it
remains as a separate claim which can be enforced at some later date.

TYF’s claim to equitable assignment

52 I next move on to TYF’s alternative argument that it had a superior claim
to the balance trust assets by virtue of an equitable assignment of the sum of
$230,000. TYF has furnished several arguments in support of its proprietary
claim to the service fee. The basic premise is that since specific performance
had been ordered for the 2nd OTP, it must follow that Clause 14 remains
enforceable. The thrust of TYF’s claim, however, is that Clause 14 constituted
an equitable assignment of a future chose in action which bound the proceeds
of sale upon completion. If so, TYF would have a proprietary claim to the
service fee via a floating charge which attached to the sale proceeds on 8
October 2009. TYF’s claim would accordingly stand in priority to that of all
the other trust creditors in the present proceeding. The principal authority
cited in support of this is Lai Siu Chiu J’s decision in _Marshall Realty Pte
Ltd v Puspha Rajaram Lakhiani & another_ [1998] SGHC 155 (“ _Marshall Realty_
”). Before I examine the substantive merits of TYF’s claim, there are several
preliminary issues which must first be addressed.

Whether TYF’s claim constitutes res judicata

53 In DC Suit No 856 of 2011, TYF successfully prosecuted an _in personam_
claim against Ridout for payment of the service fee. However, from the
Statement of Claim filed in those proceedings it did not raise any proprietary
claim to the service fee at that stage. Indeed, it did not do so in their
written submissions for the present proceedings either. In oral submissions
before me on 30 July 2012, counsel for TYF, Mr Yap, gratefully accepted the
views of the OA to assert an _in rem_ claim in priority to the other trust
creditors. This argument however runs into difficulties because of the
doctrine of _res judicata_ enunciated in _Henderson v Henderson_ [1843-60] All
ER Rep 378 at [114] (“ _Henderson_ ”):

The plea of res judicata applies, except in special cases, not only to points
upon which the court was actually required by the parties to form an opinion
and pronounce a judgment, but to every point which properly belonged to the
subject of litigation and which the parties, exercising reasonable diligence,
might have brought forward at the time.

54 It would appear that on a strict application of this doctrine, TYF would
now be estopped from raising its present claim – it has forgone not just one
but two prior opportunities at which, exercising reasonable diligence, it
could have brought the matter of equitable assignment before the attention of
the court. However, the _res judicata_ doctrine has since been re-stated so as
not to be so oppressive to the interests of litigants. Mr Yap cited _Johnson v
Gore Wood & Co (a firm)_ [2002] 2 AC 1 at 31:

It is, however, wrong to hold that because a matter could have been raised in
earlier proceedings it should have been, so as to render the raising of it in
later proceedings necessarily abusive. That is to adopt too dogmatic an
approach to what should in my opinion be a broad, merits-based judgment which
takes account of the public and private interests involved and also takes
account of all the facts of the case, focusing attention on the crucial
question whether, in all the circumstances, a party is misusing or abusing the
process of the court by seeking to raise before it the issue which could have
been raised before.

This broad, merits-based approach in assessing the extended doctrine of _res
judicata_ by abuse of court process is now also the position of our courts,
having been accepted in _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and Ors_ [2007] 1 SLR(R)
453 at [52] and by the Court of Appeal in _Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-
General_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 565 at [62].

55 Mr Yap explained that the proprietary claim was unnecessary for TYF to
succeed in the earlier proceedings and would in any event have been premature
since TYF had to first establish that it was entitled to rely on Clause 14.
With respect, I am unable to agree. In my view, establishing the validity of
Clause 14 is pivotal to both of TYF’s claims. If Clause 14 is operative, TYF
would have standing to pursue both an _in personam_ remedy against Ridout
_and_ an _in rem_ claim to the service fee. Since the _loci_ of both remedies
reside in Clause 14, the claims are inextricable and both should have been
raised in the earlier proceedings. If TYF’s position had been that the
proprietary claim was _unnecessary_ to recover against Ridout, then this seems
to be a concession insofar as the issue could have been raised before the
District Court. In any event this does not cohere with Mr Yap’s argument that
the DC Suit was a necessary preliminary to TYF’s joinder into the present
proceeding. If this is correct then the issue of priority must have been alive
at that stage – TYF’s application to intervene was made on 26 January 2011 and
its Statement of Claim in DC Suit No 856 of 2011 was filed _after_ that date,
on 15 March 2011, and it would have been necessary for TYF to put forward all
its claims in light of the competing claims of other creditors. As a matter of
law, the fact that an issue was _strategically unnecessary_ for success in an
earlier action does not function as a defence to the _res judicata_ doctrine.
In _Henderson_ , Wigram VC was clear that the plea of _res judicata_ applied
to “every point which properly belonged to the subject of litigation” (see
[53] _supra_). It is plain that there was a sufficient nexus between TYF’s
claim of equitable assignment and its action against Ridout, and as such it
should rightfully have been brought before the District Court.

56 I wish also to express reservations as to whether the DC Suit was even
necessary, given that TYF could have been joined into the present proceedings
even if there had been no determination that it was entitled to a claim
against Ridout, so long as it would have been “just and convenient” for this
claim to be heard in conjunction with those of other creditors. Having
prosecuted an action against Ridout, perhaps _ex abundanti cautela_ , TYF’s
claims have been merged into the default judgment obtained. That judgment was
obtained on certain bases and that binds TYF. The engagement of the
_Henderson_ rule is in that sense entirely of TYF’s own doing and it is too
late for TYF to raise this argument now.

The merits of TYF’s claim

57 It is settled law that where the assignor becomes possessed of the property
described in the assignment, beneficial interest in the property passes to the
assignee immediately – see _Holroyd v Marshall_ (1862) 10 HLC 191 and _Tailby
v Official Receiver_ (1888) 13 App Cas 523 at 546 of which Lord McNaghten
opined that:

Long before _Holroyd v. Marshall_ was determined it was well settled that an
assignment of future property for value operates in equity by way of
agreement, binding the conscience of the assignor, and so binding the property
from _the moment when the contract becomes capable of being performed, on the
principle that equity considers as done that which ought to be done_ , and in
accordance with the maxim which Lord Thurlow said he took to be universal,
"that whenever persons agree concerning any particular subject, that, in a
Court of Equity, as against the party himself, and any claiming under him,
voluntarily or with notice, raises a trust. [emphasis added]

58 This doctrinal position was also expressly recognised by Lai Siu Chiu J in
_Marshall Realty_ at [17]-[18]. It would therefore appear, at first glance,
that equitable interest in S$230,000 automatically passed to TYF upon Thomas
Chan’s payment of the sale proceeds into court. The difficulty TYF faces is
that, although the money has been specifically set aside as the sale proceeds,
it has not actually been _paid to_ Ridout or even earmarked for such payment –
instead, the money has been paid into court for the determination of any
equities and interests therein. The effect of the payment into court is two-
fold – first, it discharges Thomas Chan’s liability to make payment under the
sale agreement; secondly, it puts dispositive control over the sale proceeds
in the hands of the court. It would be inaccurate, at this point, to say that
Ridout has any proprietary interest in the money paid into court, since this
is entirely contingent on this court making a finding that the money should be
paid out to Ridout. Upon completion of sale, Ridout acquired a chose in action
in the form of a contract debt for the sale proceeds, and this has yet to
fructify as an equitable interest in an ascertained sum of money. _A fortiori_
, it would be inaccurate to say that TYF has any proprietary interest in any
part of the monies in court – beneficial interest in the sale proceeds can
only be divested when the specific sum of money is ascertained, _ie_ when
Thomas Chan either sets aside a sum of money specifically earmarked for
payment to Ridout, or actually pays Ridout the purchase price for the
Property. TYF has nothing more than the assigned chose in action for a sum of
S$230,000.

59 The merit of TYF’s claim to the assigned sum of S$230,000 therefore turns
on the determination of an issue which also troubled Lai Siu Chiu J in
_Marshall Realty_ , _viz_ the nature of the assignee’s interest before the
chose in action actually materialises. Following the decision of the English
Court of Appeal in _Re Lind_ [1915] 2 Ch 345 (“ _Re Lind_ ”), the assignee
appears to have more than a mere contractual right, such that his interest
survives the trustee’s bankruptcy. Phillimore LJ opined at p 363–364 that:

... The assignment does, however, operate as a contract to assign if and when
the property comes into existence, and to use the words of [Jessel M.R.],
“when it come into existence, equity, treating as done that which ought to be
done, fastens upon that property, and the contract to assign thus becomes a
complete assignment.”

This is intelligible and workable if nothing happens between the date of the
assignment (construed as a contract to assign) and the date when the property
comes into existence; but if in the intervening period something happens which
may affect the contract, as, for instance, a statutory discharge of the
assignor from all his obligations, does the contract to assign still become in
due course a complete assignment?

If the assurance rest in contract and if by consequence the only way in which
equity fastens upon the property be by the operation of the doctrine of
specific performance, then the liability under the contract would be, as it
seems to me, discharged by bankruptcy.

...

In order that the assignment may survive and have its effect it must give to
the assignee something more than a mere right in contract, something _in the
nature of an estate or interest_. [emphasis added]

60 Phillimore LJ does not appear to go so far as to say that the assignee has
a _proprietary_ interest in the property prior to the materialisation of the
chose. Indeed, Lai Siu Chiu J, after having examined the commentary on _Re
Lind_ , concluded at [22] that:

It is unfortunate that the Court in _Re Lind_ did not elaborate on the kind of
property right or interest in the future chose that is conferred on the
assignee by the equitable assignment. I am unable to agree with the view in
_Chitty_ that the assignee acquires an equitable interest in the future chose;
it is hard to see how an equitable interest in property can be created by a
person other than the property’s legal owner. What is clear, however, is that
even prior to the materialisation of a future chose, the equitable assignee
has some property right or interest _in the future chose_. Once the future
chose comes into existence, this property right fastens onto the chose and the
equitable interest in the chose passes to the assignee. [emphasis added]

61 It would therefore appear that the exact content of the assignee’s interest
during the interval between the assignment and the point at which the chose
becomes capable of performance remains regrettably unclear. The authorities
_are_ clear, however, that in situations where there is an assignment of a
chose in action which leaves some outstanding interest – as in the present
case – the assignee cannot bring an action in his own name against the debtor
(see _Cator v Croydon Canal Co_ (1841) 4 Y & C Ex 593 at 593-594). Instead,
the assignor must be joined as a party so that the court may make a final
adjudication which binds all interested parties: see _In re Steel Wing
Company, Limited_ [1921] 1 Ch 349 at 357 and _Deposit Protection Board v
Dalia_ [1994] 2 AC 367 at 381. Beyond this, the authorities do not recognise
the assignee’s equitable interest except for Phillimore LJ’s non-commital
dicta in _Re Lind_. TYF’s present claim goes beyond this to assert a direct
proprietary claim to the sum of S$230,000, and as such has a high hurdle to
surmount.

62 Indeed, the full implications of TYF’s claim are thrown into sharp relief
when it is kept in mind that as an assignee its interest is necessarily
derivative of Ridout’s – the corollary of TYF’s claim, then, is that if it
succeeds then Ridout must also have acquired a proprietary claim to the
proceeds of sale upon completion. This would be tantamount to a hitherto
unprecedented extension of the vendor-purchaser constructive trust (see _Walsh
v Lonsdale_ (1882) 21 Ch D 9) to sale proceeds. Given that the determination
of this issue is not strictly necessary for the disposal of TYF’s proprietary
claim, I will go no further than to say that it represents an invitation for
the court to break fresh ground and as such will require more substantial and
full argument than those in the submissions currently before me.

63 As a result, I find that TYF is barred from asserting its equitable
interest, if any, and should also rank as an unsecured creditor to be
subrogated into Ridout’s indemnity against the trust estate for the purposes
of _pari passu_ distribution.

Conclusion

64 For the reasons set out above, I find and hold that ECIH, Thomas Chan and
TYF are entitled to step into the shoes of Ridout by way of subrogation and
claim the indemnity that Ridout possesses against the trust property, _i.e._ ,
the balance of the proceeds of sale remaining in court, which stands ahead of
the OA who represents the unsecured creditors or AA.

65 As the amount remaining in court is clearly insufficient to satisfy the
claims of ECIH, Thomas Chan and TYF, and in the circumstances of this case,
the just and fair order to make is that they share _pari passu_ : see _In re
Suco Gold_ at 882. As opined in _Lewin on Trusts_ at para 22-30, in this and
similar situations, “competing equities do not always rank in order of time
and a distribution _pari passu_ would on occasion avoid difficult and
cumbersome queries.”

66 ECIH, Thomas Chan and TYF shall try and agree the respective quanta of
their claims for the purposes of assessing the basis for the _pari passu_
calculation; if they fail to do so, the parties have liberty to apply and come
before me for an assessment of their claims. There will also be liberty to
apply generally, including liberty to apply for an order of payment out when
the foregoing has been settled.

67 The parties are to file, within 14 days from the date of this judgment,
their written submissions on the appropriate costs orders to be made; these
written submissions are to include the sums to be so awarded.

* * *

[note: 1]Paras 2-3 of the First Defendant’s reply written submissions (24 July
2012)

[note: 2]Para 11 of Second Intervener’s further written submissions (6 August
2012)

[note: 3]Paras 3-7 of the OA’s written submissions (2 July 2012)

[note: 4]JUD7787/2011 (3 May 2011)

[note: 5]See para 39 of the Plaintiff’s written submissions (2 July 2012),
para 48 of the Second Intervener’s further written submissions (6 August 2012)
and para 42 of the Third Intervener’s written submissions (23 July 2012)

[note: 6]Para 22 of the First Defendant’s written submissions (2 July 2012)

[note: 7]Para 21 of the Second Intervener’s further written submissions (6
August 2012)

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

