Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Chum Tat Suan  
[2013] SGHC 221

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 1 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mohamed Faizal and Qiu Huixiang (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for Public Prosecutor; Nandwani Manoj Prakash and Eric Liew (Gabriel
Law Corporation) for Accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Chum Tat Suan  
  
24 October 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused was charged with importing not less than 94.96g of diamorphine
into Singapore, an offence under s 7 and punishable under s 33 of the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). On 5 August 2013, I convicted
the accused and handed down a written judgment explaining my reasons for doing
so (_Public Prosecutor v Chum Tat Suan_ [2013] SGHC 150). Prior to 1 January
2013, when a number of legislative amendments came into effect, a sentence of
death would have been mandatory upon such a conviction. However, the newly-
enacted s 33B of the Act provides that, in certain circumstances, a sentence
of death that would have been mandatory will no longer be so. Parties
accordingly sought, and I granted, an adjournment to prepare submissions on
sentence.

2 I should now briefly describe what the heading to s 33B of the Act calls the
“[d]iscretion of court not to impose sentence of death”. The Act’s terminology
in this regard is not entirely accurate, because in one of the two sets of
circumstances defined by s 33B the court has no discretion but must sentence
the convicted accused to imprisonment for life instead of imposing the death
penalty. Nonetheless, the language captures the thrust of s 33B, which is that
it defines two sets of circumstances in which a sentence of death that would
have been mandatory before the legislative amendments came into effect may not
or cannot be imposed. One set of circumstances, defined by s 33B(2) read with
s 33B(1)(_a_), might perhaps be termed for convenience the “substantive
assistance” situation, because it requires that the Public Prosecutor certify
that the accused substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities in order for the court to have the
discretion to impose a sentence of life imprisonment plus caning instead of
the sentence of death. The other set of circumstances, defined by s 33B(3)
read with s 33B(1)(_b_), might perhaps be termed for convenience the “mental
abnormality” situation, because it requires that the accused person suffered
from such abnormality of mind as substantially impaired his mental
responsibility for his acts in order for the court not to impose the sentence
of death.

3 Common to both sets of circumstances is that, in order to bring himself
within their ambit and so to avail himself of reprieve from the death penalty,
the accused must prove on a balance of probabilities that he was no more than
a “courier”, _ie_ , he must prove that his involvement in trafficking,
importing or exporting drugs was restricted to the activities listed in s
33B(2)(_a_), which are identical to the activities listed in s 33B(3)(_a_). It
should be noted that the word “courier” is nowhere to be found in the Act, but
I employ it as convenient shorthand in the same way that members of Parliament
did in the course of debates on the legislative amendments.

4 Parties returned before me on 30 September 2013. They informed me of their
agreement on what ought to be the procedure to follow in sentencing the
accused. According to that procedure, this hearing on 30 September would be
confined to the question of whether the accused was no more than a “courier”,
and my answer to the question would determine what happens next. Should I find
that the accused was not a “courier”, the sentence of death would have to be
imposed and proceedings would end there. But should I find that he was a
“courier”, the prosecution would take a further statement from the accused so
as to give him an opportunity to furnish as much information as he can. That
was what the learned DPP said. The prosecution would then make its decision on
whether to certify that the accused had substantively assisted the authorities
in disrupting drug trafficking activities. Should the prosecution so certify,
I would possess the discretion to sentence the accused to life imprisonment
and caning instead of imposing the sentence of death, and I would have to
decide whether or not to exercise this discretion. However, in the event that
the prosecution decline to certify that the accused had rendered substantive
assistance, defence counsel indicated that they would seek to bring the
accused within the “mental abnormality” situation. This would entail parties
making submissions on the question of whether the accused was suffering from
such abnormality of mind as substantially impaired his mental responsibility
for importing drugs into Singapore.

5 In my view, this procedure gives rise to a significant difficulty. I have
already convicted the accused on the basis of findings of fact that I have
made. But now I have to make new findings on at least one question of fact for
the purposes of sentencing, which is whether the accused was no more than a
“courier”. If I allow parties to introduce new evidence on this question of
fact, there is the possibility of evidence emerging that might undermine the
findings of facts that I had earlier made in convicting the accused. There is
even the possibility of evidence emerging that casts doubt on the guilt of the
accused. On the other hand, if I do not allow the introduction of any new
evidence, and premise my decision on sentencing exclusively on the findings of
fact that I have already made and the evidence that had been adduced at trial,
there is a possibility of prejudice to the accused, in that he might have
conducted his defence in such manner as to furnish no occasion for evidence of
his being no more than a “courier” to emerge at trial. This would make it
difficult or impossible for him now to prove, without introducing further
evidence on the question, that he was no more than a “courier”. I think that
this difficulty is not confined to the present case but is one which may
afflict all cases in which the accused faces a capital charge under the Act.
If evidence relevant to the questions of whether the accused was a “courier”
and whether the accused suffered such mental abnormality as substantially
impaired his mental responsibility is only introduced after the accused has
been convicted, there is the possibility of that evidence interfering with the
findings of fact already made by the court in convicting the accused.

6 The alternative is to make it a rule that evidence relevant to those
questions must be adduced at trial, so that the court decides the issues of
conviction and sentence together, or, if the court hands down a conviction
before hearing submissions on sentence, the submissions may be based only on
the evidence adduced at trial. But this alternative puts the accused in a
bind. This is because, in order to make the claim that he was no more than a
“courier”, the accused must first admit that he was trafficking or importing
or exporting drugs. Choosing not to admit this might subsequently preclude him
from arguing that he was no more than a “courier” should the court convict him
nonetheless. For instance, if the accused elects to remain silent because he
is of the opinion that the prosecution has not made out a case against him,
and the court convicts him anyway, he would not have had the opportunity to
give evidence for the purposes of proving that he was no more than a
“courier”. If his case was that he did not know that he had drugs in his
possession, or that he had them in his possession for his own personal
consumption, the evidence he gives and adduces at trial would be directed
towards proving that case rather than that he was no more than a “courier”.
Consequently, should the court disbelieve his defence and convict him, it
would be difficult or impossible for him to argue that he was no more than a
“courier”. One response might be that the accused must take a position and
stick with it. But the onus is not on the accused to take positions. Since the
prosecution seeks to invoke the court’s authority to punish the accused, the
onus is on the prosecution to prove its case as to why the accused should be
so punished. This must especially be so when the punishment sought to be
visited on the accused is the sentence of death.

7 In the present case, the parties have proceeded on the basis that no new
evidence will be introduced on the question of whether the accused was no more
than a “courier”. This is just as well, for I am not inclined to call for new
evidence, lest that evidence undermine the findings of fact that I have
already made. The remaining course for me to take, it would seem, is to
scrutinise the evidence that was adduced at trial and determine on the basis
of that evidence whether the accused was no more than a “courier”. However,
this may be an unsafe course to take, for there is the possibility that, but
for the manner in which the accused conducted his defence, he would have been
able to give and adduce evidence tending to show that he was no more than a
“courier”. In the first place, the evidence that has been adduced on this
point is not unequivocal, and in addition, what makes such a course especially
unsafe to take is that this is a matter of life and death. Therefore, I give
the benefit of the doubt to the accused, and hold that he was no more than a
“courier”. I think that this new requirement in law needs to be settled before
we impose the burden of proving that aspect on the accused at the level of
proof on a balance of probabilities. That is to say, I hold that the accused’s
involvement in his offence under s 7 of the Act was restricted to the
activities listed in s 33B(2)(_a_) and duplicated in s 33B(3)(_a_).

8 Speaking more generally, I should think that this would be the prudent
solution in capital cases under the Act in which the accused seeks to bring
himself within the ambit of s 33B, unless and until there is legislative or
judicial guidance to the contrary. Finally, it seems to me that it would be
preferable not to extend the anxiety of a man facing a capital charge by
breaking the ultimate decision into three separate phases – the trial phase,
the finding of “courier” phase, and the certificate of substantive assistance
phase.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

