Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd _v_ Revitech Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHC 41

Case Number| :| Suit No 36 of 2006 (Registrar's Appeals Nos 69 and 70 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 February 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  See Chern Yang (Premier Law LLC) for the plaintiff; Tito
Isaac, Justin Chan and Denyse Yeo (Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd — Revitech Pte Ltd  
  
19 February 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This was yet another chapter in the long-running battle between Ho Pak Kim
Realty Co Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) and Revitech Pte Ltd (“the defendant”)
over the construction by the plaintiff of the defendant’s condominium located
at No 89 Kovan Road (“the project”) called Kovan Primera. Previous disputes
between the parties are encapsulated in my judgments in _Ho Pak Kim Realty Co
Pte Ltd v Revitech Pte Ltd_ [2007] SGHC 194 (“the 2007 judgment”) and _Ho Pak
Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd v Revitech Pte Ltd_ [2010] SGHC 106 (“the 2010
judgment”).

2 The 2007 judgment determined the scope of works of the plaintiff for the
project. The plaintiff appealed against the 2007 judgment (in Civil Appeal No
149 of 2007), but did not file the record of appeal/the appellant’s case
within the timelines stipulated under Order 57 rule 9 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). The appeal was deemed to be withdrawn as a
result. The 2010 judgment dealt with the merits of the plaintiff’s claim and
the defendant’s counterclaim. There, I made the following orders in my
judgment (at [135]) delivered on 8 April 2010:

(a) final judgment for the plaintiff in the sum of $771,630.97;

(b) dismissal of the plaintiff’s claim for undervalued works amounting to
$239,337.50;

(c) dismissal of the plaintiff’s claim for wrongful termination of contract;

(d) final judgment for the defendant in the sums of $5,166.04 and $4,044.35;

(e) final judgment for the defendant in the sum of $414,000 for liquidated
damages for 276 days of delay in completion by the plaintiff;

(f) interlocutory judgment for the defendant against the plaintiff with
damages to be assessed and costs reserved to the Registrar for:

(i) the cost of rectification works already incurred;

(ii) defective construction of but not limited to: (1) the roof and parapet
wall; (2) the basement car park; (3) windows, sliding doors, glass balustrades
and aluminium trellis; (4) defective marble flooring; (5) external walls; (6)
staircases; (7) outdoor shower; and (8) exit signages;

(iii) the plaintiff’s breach of contract in failing to provide warranties and
not honouring the defects liability period (“DLP”) of twelve months subsequent
to completion; and

(iv) the back-charges incurred on the plaintiff’s behalf; and

(g) the defendant was entitled to set off against the plaintiff’s claims
(totalling $771,630.97) its claims of $4,044.35, $5,166.04 and $414,000 as
well as its overpayments (set out at [14] of the 2010 judgment), if proven,
together with the damages when assessed.

3 The plaintiff appealed (in Civil Appeal No 74 of 2010) against the 2010
judgment. On 30 September 2010, the plaintiff’s appeal was dismissed, but the
Court of Appeal made one variation to the order at [135(g)(ii)] of the 2010
judgment. The variation (as underlined below) reads as follows:

The defendant was awarded interlocutory judgment against the plaintiff for
defective construction _limited to_ (1) the roof and parapet wall; (2) the
basement car park; (3) windows, sliding doors, glass balustrades and aluminium
trellis; (4) defective marble flooring; (5) external walls; (6) staircases;
(7) outdoor shower and (8) exit signages _and in respect of all these items,
only if the defendant established that it was subject to any legal obligation
to complete the said rectifications._ [underlining added]

4 The defendant filed its notice of assessment, and the assessment of damages
for the items set out in [2(f)(i) to 2(f)(iv)] above was conducted by an
Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) on 12 October 2011. Four witnesses testified
for the defendant, including a quantity surveyor, Martin Anthony Riddett
(“Riddett”), who had also testified at the main trial. The plaintiff called no
witnesses, although it filed an affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) by its
director, Benson Ho Soo Fong (“Ho”). On 10 February 2012, the AR delivered his
judgment and awarded the following sums to the defendant:

(a)

$16,801.15 for back-charges incurred on behalf of the plaintiff;

(b)

$111,191.04 for the cost of rectification works already incurred

(c)

$30,000 for the plaintiff’s omission to provide warranties; and

(d)

$27,768.67 for the plaintiff’s failure to honour the DLP of one year from
completion.

The AR adjourned to a later date the assessment for the 8 items of defective
construction by the plaintiff set out in [2(f)(ii)] above (“the 8 defective
items”), directing that it should be undertaken in two stages, _viz_ :

(a) first, to determine if there was a legal obligation on the plaintiff’s
part to complete the rectification; and

(b) if the defendant established there was such a legal obligation, only then
would the cost of rectifying the 8 defective items be assessed.

5 On 21 February 2012, the AR awarded the defendant the costs of the
assessment fixed at $35,000, and $9,000 for disbursements.

6 The plaintiff was dissatisfied with the AR’s decision and filed Registrar’s
Appeal No 69 of 2012 (“the plaintiff’s appeal”) against the following orders:

(a) that there would be a second tranche of hearing to assess damages for the
8 defective items;

(b) the order as to the costs and disbursements awarded; and

(c) the refusal to order that the defendant refund the plaintiff a sum of
$47,343.74 for overpayment by the plaintiff to the defendant.

7 The defendant on its part appealed in Registrar’s Appeal No 70 of 2012 (“the
defendant’s appeal”) against the awards for all four items set out in [4]
above. It prayed that the sums awarded by the AR for these four items be
increased to:

(a)

$136,242.62 for back-charges;

(b)

$124,417.04 for the cost of rectification works already incurred;

(c)

$53,720 for the plaintiff’s omission to provide warranties; and

(d)

$45,742 for the plaintiff’s failure to honour the DLP.

Both appeals came up for hearing before this court.

The plaintiff’s appeal

8 Counsel for the plaintiff was Mr See Chern Yang (“Mr See”). I should point
out that neither Mr See nor his present or previous law firm acted for the
plaintiff in the 2007 judgment. Indeed, for the 2010 judgment, the plaintiff
changed counsel mid-stream when the case was part-heard. Mr See argued that
based on the Court of Appeal’s ruling at [3] above, the defendant had not
proved there was a legal obligation on the plaintiff’s part to carry out the
rectification works, contrary to the AR’s ruling. Consequently, there should
not be a second tranche of hearing to assess the damages for the 8 defective
items. He submitted that the defendant’s contention that there was such a
legal obligation was misconceived as it was based on the following premise:

(a) that there was an agreement between the defendant and the management
corporation of the project (“the MCST”) that the defendant would do all it
could for the MCST (“premise (a)”); and

(b) that there was a breach of the defendant’s duty to the MCST and/or the
subsidiary proprietors to ensure that the project handed over to the latter
was free from defects (“premise (b)”).

Mr See submitted that as the defendant had not adduced any evidence over and
above what was presented at the trial, the defendant’s promise to the MCST/the
subsidiary proprietors apropos premise (a) above could not constitute a legal
obligation to complete the rectification works. The defendant’s witness, Koh
Chuan Soon (“KCS”), who was the chairman of the MCST, had testified that the
defendant’s agreement with the MCST did not pertain to the 8 defective items.
The defendant of its own volition had informed the MCST that it would do more
for the MCST than what KCS/the MCST had requested. Further, the defendant’s
agreement was conditional upon the defendant succeeding against and receiving
a judgment sum from the plaintiff. Hence, there was no legal obligation on the
part of the defendant to rectify the 8 defective items until after it had
obtained judgment against and payment from the plaintiff.

9 As the defendant had not discharged the burden to prove it was legally
obliged to rectify the 8 defective items, Mr See argued, the defendant was
only entitled to nominal damages at law (see _Mahtani v Kiaw Aik Hang Land Pte
Ltd_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 996). Indeed, nominal damages had been awarded by the
court even where a loss was proved, but where there was no evidence to enable
the court to determine or estimate the actual costs of rectification of
defects (_L &M Airconditioning & Refrigeration (Pte) Ltd v S A Shee & Co (Pte)
Ltd_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 346).

10 Consequently, Mr See submitted, there was no basis for the AR to order a
second tranche of hearing to assess damages relating to the 8 defective items.
Mr See alleged that the defendant had in fact claimed damages beyond the
compensatory principle.

11 As for premise (b) in [8] above, the defendant had relied on the expert
opinion of Hoe Ai Sien Mary (“HASM”) of Hoe-Tan (Co) Pte Ltd, who stated that
a duty to rectify defects existed. Mr See contended that HASM’s expert
testimony should, however, be disregarded as it did not come within the ambit
of s 47 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Evidence Act”), which
states:

**Opinions of experts**

**47.** —(1) Subject to subsection (4), when the court is likely to derive
assistance from an opinion upon a point of scientific, technical or other
specialised knowledge, the opinions of experts upon that point are relevant
facts.

(2) An expert is a person with such scientific, technical or other specialised
knowledge based on training, study or experience.

(3) The opinion of an expert shall not be irrelevant merely because the
opinion or part thereof relates to a matter of common knowledge.

(4) An opinion which is otherwise relevant under subsection (1) shall not be
relevant if the court is of the view that it would not be in the interests of
justice to treat it as relevant.

HASM had determined whether the 8 defective items were “common property” as
defined under the Building Management and Strata Management Act (Cap 30C, 2008
Rev Ed) (“the BMSA”) or whether they were private property. But, that was a
question of law for the court to decide. Mr See contended that HASM was
therefore not an “expert” as defined in s 47(2) of the Evidence Act. As such,
her testimony was inadmissible.

12 As for the sum of $47,343.74 overpaid by the plaintiff to the defendant, Mr
See pointed out that the defendant had never disputed the same. Further, the
defendant’s expert, Riddett, had, in the course of cross-examination at the
assessment revealed that he had not taken the amount into account as a sum
that ought to be set off against the defendant’s claim for damages.
Consequently, the sum should have been deducted from the back-charges awarded
to the defendant.

13 In regard to the costs awarded to the defendant, Mr See argued that the
latter should not have been allowed any costs at all as a matter of principle.
In any case, the quantum awarded of $44,000 inclusive of disbursements was
excessive as the assessment only took one day and only one witness, Riddett,
was substantially cross-examined.

The defendant’s appeal

14 Counsel for the defendant (referred to hereafter as either “Mr Isaac” or
“Mr Chan”) countered that the AR had not erred on the items appealed against
by the plaintiff. On the contrary, the AR should have awarded higher amounts
for the four items in [4] above.

The duty of care

15 Mr Isaac submitted that the duty of care at law relating to the
construction industry had been extended to non-contractual parties. He pointed
out that in _Prosperland Pte Ltd v Civic Construction Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR(R)
129 (“ _Prosperland_ ”), which was affirmed on appeal, the developer was held
to be entitled to sue the main contractor even though ownership of the common
property and the individual units in the developer’s project had passed on to,
respectively, the management corporation and the subsidiary proprietors. The
right to sue in _Prosperland_ was extended to the management council for the
relevant development in _RSP Architects Planners & Engineers v Ocean Front Pte
Ltd_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 653 (“ _Ocean Front_ ”). Mr Isaac pointed out that the
only reason the MCST had not sued the defendant in the present case was due to
the fact that the defendant had placated and provided full cooperation to the
MCST in exchange for the MCST holding its hand. Consequently, the defendant
was still legally obliged to rectify the plaintiff’s defects, notwithstanding
the transfer of ownership by the defendant of the common property and the
individual units in the project to the MCST and the subsidiary proprietors
respectively. Without the sanction of a court order, it would not have been
prudent for the defendant to proceed with rectification works. The plaintiff,
on the other hand, should not be allowed to escape scot-free from its
contractual obligations. If the defendant was not obliged to rectify the
defects, there would be a vacuum as the MCST and the subsidiary proprietors
would have no recourse.

Back-charges

16 The defendant’s counsel contended that the AR failed to appreciate the
evidence that had been given by Riddett on the four items on which the
defendant was appealing, in particular, on the issue of back-charges. First,
there was no basis for the AR to reduce the defendant’s claim for back-charges
from $136,242.62 to $16,801.15 as there was no double-counting, contrary to
what the plaintiff alleged. Although Ho failed to testify at the assessment
hearing, counsel for the plaintiff had introduced (in the course of Riddett’s
cross-examination) a table prepared by Ho (“Ho’s table”) setting out the
plaintiff’s position on back-charges and had attempted to treat the table as
evidence before the court. Mr Chan pointed out that at [14(b)] of the 2010
judgment, this court had stated that Riddett had assessed back-charges as
$189,348.78, but because some of those charges were not substantiated by
documentation, the assessment exercise was to enable the defendant to find
missing supporting documents. It was also to allow the plaintiff to challenge
items of back-charges that were unsubstantiated. At the assessment, however,
counsel for the plaintiff attempted to use Ho’s table as evidence even though
Ho did not testify. The plaintiff tried to revisit the issue of liability on
the back-charges, with its counsel using Ho’s table to attack the testimony of
Riddett and contending that Riddett:

(a)

had not been provided with copies of material documents;

(b)

had been inconsistent in his calculations; and

(c)

had not taken steps to satisfy himself on the accuracy and veracity of his
calculations.

17 Mr Chan contended that the AR did not fully appreciate Riddett’s evidence
on the issue of back-charges and there was in fact no double-counting at all,
contrary to what the AR believed.

18 As for the plaintiff’s criticisms in [16(a)] above, Mr Chan said it was in
relation to four interim certificates of payment, _viz_ , Nos 12 ($24,776.63),
14 ($32,381.37), 17 ($38,241.24) and 22 ($47,343.74). In Riddett’s third AEIC
filed on 5 September 2011, Riddett had in Appendix D tabulated and itemised
the back-charges. Included therein were the back-charges in the four
certificates complained of – for certificate No 12, they were incorporated
into items 1 and 10; for certificate No 14, they were items 4 and 5; and for
certificate No 17, they were items 6 and 7. At the trial, Riddett had admitted
that the sum of $47,343.74 in interim certificate No 22 was not a back-charge.
In his first AEIC filed on 18 September 2006 (at pp 228-229) for the main
trial, Riddett had taken into account the plaintiff’s entire claim for work
done amounting to $3,903,803.65; that figure included the sums in the
aforementioned interim certificates. The sum of $47,343.74 in interim
certificate No 22 was _omitted_ from Riddett’s figure of $136,242.62 for back-
charges presented at the assessment hearing. Consequently, it was incorrect of
the plaintiff to contend and for the AR to find that Riddett had deducted the
four certified amounts from the plaintiff’s claim and again for the assessment
hearing. The AR should not have given any credence to the plaintiff’s
submission and should therefore not have deducted $119,441.47 from Riddett’s
figure of $136,242.62. It was also pointed out (correctly, I would add) that
the plaintiff had not at the trial raised the issue of double-counting by the
defendant.

19 The plaintiff’s second complaint set out in [16(b)] referred to Riddett’s
revision of back-charges from $189,348.78 at the trial to $136,242.62 for the
assessment hearing. Counsel explained that this discrepancy was due to the
fact that the defendant could not find supporting documentation for three
items included in the higher figure. Consequently, the defendant reduced its
claim. Yet, the plaintiff wanted to capitalize on its honesty.

Rectification costs already incurred

20 In awarding only $111,191.04 for the cost of rectification works already
incurred (which figure came from the plaintiff), the AR dismissed the
defendant’s claim for various items amounting to $35,580.20, again on the
ground of double-counting. This figure was for mechanical and electrical
(“M&E”) works comprising:

(a) $3,333.30 for sanitary and plumbing installation;

(b) $2,400 for electrical works;

(c) $12,240 for air-conditioning and mechanical ventilation works; and

(d) $12,826.90 and $4,780 for the omission to supply and installation of light
fittings.

However, in the 2010 judgment (at [117]), this court had directed the
defendant to fully substantiate the repair charges of $123,738.52 carried out
by Harico Construction Pte Ltd (“Harico”). Again, it was only an issue of
substantiation, and not liability, that had to be decided by the AR. It was
therefore not open to the plaintiff, let alone Ho, to revisit the issue of
liability for rectification works.

21 The deducted sum of $13,226 was for M&E works, not rectification works. Mr
Chan pointed out that the plaintiff had omitted two items in the M&E works
from its scope of works. These omitted items (according to the AEIC of Neo Bee
Keaw from the M&E consultants, HY M&E Consultancy Services Pte Ltd (“HY
M&E”)), were: (i) lighting fixtures for some common areas; and (ii) a 150 KVA
standby generator.

22 The plaintiff’s counsel and/or Ho failed to inform the AR that this court
had awarded final judgment for M&E works that had been either omitted and/or
varied. Further, in Ho’s supplemental AEIC (filed on 24 December 2008) at
exhibit HSF-38, Ho had himself set out the deductions for M&E omissions made
by Riddett (see Riddett’s first AEIC, Appendix B, p 63). In Ho’s exhibit
HSF-38, the plaintiff had agreed to a deduction of $22,000 for failing to
provide a 150 KVA generator. The light fittings omitted were assessed at
$17,606.90 ($12,826.90 and $4,780 respectively for garden lights and
bollards). Additionally, this court had found (at [127] of the 2010 judgment)
that the plaintiff had omitted landscaping works priced at $65,000. After
setting off the plaintiff’s legitimate claim for variations, this court then
found that a sum of $4,044.35 was owed to the defendant. It therefore did not
lie in the plaintiff’s mouth to allege at the assessment hearing that there
was double-deduction of M&E omissions. M&E works did not involve double-
counting, only a question of variations or omissions.

The plaintiff’s failure to provide warranties

23 The AR dismissed the defendant’s claim of $53,720 for damages for this
item, and awarded $30,000 instead as compensation for the defendant’s hiring
of a maintenance team. The AR opined that there was no evidence to show that
any warranties were required to be called upon by the MCST. In so holding, the
AR overlooked the fact that the plaintiff had failed to provide any warranties
at all and had thereby deprived the defendant and the MCST of any recourse. In
his AEIC, KCS deposed that the MCST had looked to the defendant to make good
the defects in the plaintiff’s works, one reason being that the MCST did not
trust Ho, whose offer to pay $35,000 to the MCST for all the defects had been
rejected. Had warranties been provided, the defendant would have looked to the
plaintiff if and when the MCST lodged claims.

24 In the 2010 judgment, this court had at [130] pointed to a flaw in the
testimony of the plaintiff’s expert, Chin Cheong (“Chin”):

Chin’s many recommendations of rectification in lieu of replacements of items
constructed by the plaintiff may well have been premised on the belief that
the plaintiff provided warranties. However, a major omission of the plaintiff
was its failure to provide warranties. Riddett’s report assessed $50,000 for
this omission and $30,000 for the plaintiff’s failure to provide “as built”
drawings. While the defendant is certainly entitled to recover the cost of
these omissions, I shall leave it to the assessing registrar to determine
whether the figures requested are reasonable.

The DLP

25 Counsel for the defendant also made reference to the 2010 judgment (at
[131]), where this court said:

It cannot be disputed that the plaintiff totally failed to honour the defects
liability period of twelve months after completion. The cost of this omission
should be deducted from the plaintiff’s claim of $771,630.97 which quantum is
best left to the assessing registrar.

The AR deducted $17,973.33 from various items in the defendant’s claim
relating to the plaintiff’s failure to honour the DLP in the mistaken belief
that Riddett had admitted that those costs had already been deducted from the
contract sums. As with the claim for back-charges, there was in fact no
double-recovery. The issue of double-counting could not in any event be raised
as the figures were the subject of a final judgment by this court at [117] of
the 2010 judgment.

The decision

The plaintiff’s appeal

26 It will be easier to dispose of the plaintiff’s appeal first. Mr See
contended that as the defendant had failed to prove it owed a duty of care to
the MCST, there should not be a second tranche of hearing to assess damages
for the 8 defective items. I reject this submission as premature and also for
the reasons set out in the AR’s grounds of decision at [12] to [17], which I
accept and adopt. The issue of liability to the MCST cannot be revived at the
assessment stage as it had already been dealt with in the 2010 judgment when
this court held (at [116]):

As for the plaintiff’s submission that the defendant no longer retained any
interest in the project as to be entitled to make this claim (having sold off
the units), _Prosperland Pte Ltd v Civic Construction Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR(R)
129 (affirmed on appeal in _Chia Kok Leong & Anor v Prosperland Pte Ltd_
[2005] 2 SLR(R) 484) is the authority that says the defendant retains an
interest as it remains liable to the management corporation and in turn to the
subsidiary proprietors for the plaintiff’s defective works.

The plaintiff is precluded from raising this issue again, particularly when
its appeal on the 2010 judgment was dismissed by the Court of Appeal. It is
for the AR to determine at another hearing, pursuant to the appellate court’s
direction in [3] above, whether there was a legal obligation on the part of
the defendant to rectify the 8 defective items. In any case, why would Ho
(whose credibility was found to be wanting by this court in both the 2007
judgment and the 2010 judgment), after the plaintiff’s appeal in Civil Appeal
No 74 of 2010 was dismissed, offer to pay $35,000 to the MCST for defects if
the plaintiff was not liable for the same? Finally, in the 2010 judgment (at
[118]), I had observed that the plaintiff’s closing submissions (para 43) had
tacitly admitted liability for the 8 defective items, which liability it now
disputes. As for the plaintiff’s objection against HASM as an expert (which
the AR upheld), I am of the view that it was not necessary for the defendant
to rely on her testimony in view of the 2010 judgment.

27 The plaintiff’s second ground of appeal (apropos the costs awarded to the
defendant by the AR) was even more unmeritorious. Costs normally follow the
event – as the defendant had succeeded in obtaining damages for four items at
the assessment hearing, albeit at lesser amounts than what it had claimed, it
was rightfully entitled to the costs awarded by the AR. As for the quantum of
the costs awarded, that was an exercise of the discretion of the AR which this
court will not interfere with. The assessment took a day only because counsel
for the plaintiff informed the AR at the eleventh hour (after Riddett’s
testimony had concluded) that no witness would be called by the plaintiff. Mr
See’s argument that the quantum of costs was excessive overlooked the fact
that counsel for the defendant would have prepared for Ho’s cross-examination
and had filed four AEICs for the defendant’s case. The fact that no cross-
examination of Ho took place did not mean that the time spent in preparation
by counsel was not chargeable. I note too that both parties filed lengthy
submissions and reply submissions for their respective cases in November 2011
and the AR only dealt with the issue of costs on 21 December 2012 after he had
given his awards on 10 February 2012, so his costs order could not have been a
hasty decision.

The defendant’s appeal

Back-charges

28 I turn next to the defendant’s appeal. It appears that the AR clearly
misunderstood/misread the evidence of Riddett both in his AEICs as well as in
his oral testimony. This is clear from [18] and [19] above and need not be
repeated. It appears to have been overlooked by the AR that as the plaintiff
chose not to call Ho or any other witness to testify and as Ho’s table was
disallowed, there was no evidence from the plaintiff to rebut Riddett’s
testimony.

29 The revision by Riddett of $189,348.78 to $136,242.62 for back-charges was
not an inconsistency as the plaintiff alleged, neither did it prove Riddett
did not discharge his duties as an expert independently – it was due to the
fact that the defendant could not substantiate three invoice sums with
supporting documentation. As for the sum of $47,343.74 in interim certificate
No 22, this had been _excluded_ from Riddett’s revised figure of $136,242.62.
The amounts in the four interim certificates were not deducted by Riddett from
the plaintiff’s claim in his quantification of the plaintiff’s works. Hence,
there was no question of double-deduction or double-counting. Any double-
counting/double-recovery was on the part of Ho, as was found by this court at
[92] of the 2010 judgment. Consequently, the AR should not have deducted
$4,043.61 from interim certificate No 12 for utilities back-charged to the
plaintiff. It bears repeating that double-counting was never raised by the
plaintiff before this court at the trial. It is now too late for the plaintiff
to do so. The plaintiff is certainly not entitled to repayment of the sum of
$47,343.74 (for purchase of tiles from Sinbor) as the amount had been excluded
from Riddett’s computation and had effectively been credited back to the
plaintiff.

Rectification costs already incurred of $124,417.04

30 As with back-charges, this court made the following finding at [117] of the
2010 judgment in respect of rectification costs already incurred:

Harico’s director Chong (DW8) had confirmed (at N/E 1592) that his company
carried out rectification works _vis a vis_ air-conditioning, tiling, windows
etc. Harico’s invoices set out in the bundle marked 3AB totalled $123,738.52.
This figure was not disputed by the plaintiff during cross-examination of
either Chong or Riddett, who adopted the figure in his report. However, the
figure is not fully substantiated by Harico’s documents.

31 This court could have awarded final judgment to the defendant in the sum of
$123,738.52 in view of the plaintiff’s admission of the claim by its own
expert, Chin. However, because Harico’s documents did not tally with the
figure of $123,738.52 notwithstanding the plaintiff’s admission, this court
directed that the rectification costs already incurred by the defendant should
be assessed. If the defendant was able to substantiate a higher figure of
$124,417.04 (which it has), it should be awarded that sum as liability on the
part of the plaintiff for this claim was no longer in issue.

32 The AR deducted a sum of $13,226 from the defendant’s claim when he awarded
$111,191.04 (which was the plaintiff’s proposal) for rectification costs
already incurred. The deducted sum comprised: (i) $3,333.30 for sanitary and
plumbing works; (ii) $2,400 for electrical works; (iii) $12,240 for air-
conditioning and mechanical ventilation works; and (iv) $12,826.90 and $4,780
(total of $17,606.90) for light fittings that had been omitted. In so doing,
the AR accepted the plaintiff’s contention that these amounts had already been
accounted for in the M&E final accounts. This conclusion was incorrect. The AR
conflated the issues of rectification costs with the plaintiff’s omissions of
M&E contractual works as pointed out earlier in [22] above.

The DLP

33 The DLP of twelve months subsequent to completion was agreed between the
parties pursuant to cl 27 of the contract. The clause states:

Subject to clause 26 of these Conditions in the case of an Occupied Part of
the Works, the Maintenance Period stated in the Appendix hereto shall commence
upon the issue of a Completion Certificate under clause 24(4) or 25 of these
Coniditions. During such period:

(a) the Contractor shall complete the outstanding work (if any) listed in and
in accordance with the terms recorded in the Completion Certificate;

(b) the Architect may at any time following the Completion Certificate give
directions or instructions for the making good by the Contractor of defects,
omissions or other faults which may be due to any breach by the Contractor of
any of his obligations …

Clause 27 above is to be read with item 71.02 in Bill No 1 of the
Preliminaries in the bills of quantities of the plaintiff submitted for the
project. The item states:

The Contractor shall maintain a maintenance crew during the Maintenance Period
to receive instructions from the Architect and carry out urgent repairs,
maintenance, making good defects and rectification works expeditiously.

34 Consequently, the claim for reimbursement of rectification costs had
nothing to do with the DLP. Therefore, awards for both heads of claim would
not amount to double-recovery. The plaintiff incorrectly contended before the
AR that Riddett had made deductions for works carried out during the DLP. As
can be seen from [33] above, the DLP was a contractual obligation that the
plaintiff failed to honour. I note that the AR awarded $27,768.67 to the
defendant as compensation in lieu of warranties. The sum should be
compensation to the defendant for the maintenance team which the defendant,
and not the plaintiff, provided during the DLP under cl 27 of the contract.
The award should have been for the omission of a DLP.

35 Counsel for the plaintiff (Mr Thrumurgam, assisted by Mr See) had
repeatedly submitted before the AR that the defendant would be given double-
recovery should there be awards for both costs of rectification and damages
for the plaintiff’s failure to honor the DLP. That contention is misconceived.
As can be seen from [33] above, provision of a DLP was a requirement of the
contract in particular and is a standard requirement of the construction
industry in general. The plaintiff’s tender for the contract for the project
had obviously factored in the cost of providing a DLP. Effectively, that meant
that the defendant, and not the plaintiff, paid for the DLP. Therefore, in not
honouring the DLP, the plaintiff, and Ho in particular, had short-changed the
defendant. The plaintiff’s failure to honour the DLP was therefore a separate
breach of contract from its failure to rectify defects.

Failure to provide warranties

36 As with the failure to honour the DLP, the plaintiff’s failure to provided
warranties is another head of claim for breach of contract that the AR should
have awarded over and above the costs of rectification. As pointed out in [34]
above, the $27,768.67 awarded by the AR should have been compensation for the
failure to honour the DLP, and not for failure to provide warranties.
Provision of warranties was also part of the Preliminaries in Bill No 1 of the
plaintiff’s bills of quantities for the project under item 61, which states:

Prior to the issue of the Completion Certificate the Contractor shall submit
to the Architect all guaranties, warranties, test and performance certificates
etc called for in the Contract Documents and joint-warranties in the case of
nominated sub-contracts including manufacturer’s operating instructions. All
warranties and guarantees shall commence from the main contract completion
certificate date unless otherwise specified.

61.02 The list of Warranties required for this contract is reflected in the
Appendices to Specification.

37 The argument by Mr See that making separate awards for failure to provide
warranties and for rectification costs would be tantamount to double- recovery
is again misconceived for the reason set out in [35] above. How does one price
a negative – the non-provision of a service? Riddett did his best by assessing
what it would have cost the plaintiff had it given warranties for such items
as air-conditioning. A parallel can be drawn with consumer items such as a
refrigerator or even a handphone. The consumer will call upon the warranty
when the product for which the warranty was given is defective or breaks down
within the period covered by the warranty. If the manufacturer or local agent
of the product is unable to make good/resolve the customer’s complaint and the
latter finds his own repairer at a certain cost, I think the customer should
be able entitled to recover his cost of repair from the manufacturer/agent.
Further, it cannot be right that thereafter, the customer is not entitled to
the protection afforded by the warranty for its duration because he has
already made a claim. I note that there was no challenge to Riddett’s figure
of $53,720 at the assessment hearing. Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr
Thrumurgam, only asked Riddett the following question:

PC:Moving on to the warranties, you confirm that you have not obtained any
quotations with regard to provision of warranties.

Riddett (PW4): No.

38 There was one concession made by Mr See for the defendant’s appeal. The AR
had in his judgment (at [7(d)]) wrongly deducted a sum of $12,826.90 for
omission of air-conditioning works; he had relied on HY M&E’s accounts dated 3
May 2006 when the final and operative accounts were those dated 13 September
2006, where the figure for the item was $8,160. Consequently, the total
deductions should only have been $31,500.20.

The AR’s adverse findings on Riddett’s testimony

39 The AR referred to extracts from the notes of evidence of the assessment
hearing for his rejection of the testimony of Riddett whom he described as
evasive and/or inconsistent. The AR’s assessment of Riddett vastly differed
from this court’s assessment, _viz_ , that Riddett was a fair and objective
expert who produced a comprehensive report/supplemental reports in his role as
the defendant’s quantity surveyor. Based on the plaintiff’s authority (_Poh
Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc_ [2010] 1 SLR 1129), it cannot be said that
Riddett’s reports were not based on the correct premise and sound reasoning.

40 It would be appropriate at this juncture to make several observations.
First, Riddett testified before the AR on 12 October 2011, approximately three
years after he filed his first AEIC on 18 September 2008. Riddett’s second
affidavit followed on 12 December 2008, while his third AEIC for the
assessment was filed on 5 September 2011. For the purpose of the assessment,
Riddett updated his figures in his third AEIC by his second supplemental
report to take into account current prices for the defendant’s four heads of
claim.

41 What came across from Riddett’s cross-examination was that he addressed
squarely the plaintiff’s allegation that there had been double-deductions by
the defendant. I do not agree with the AR’s finding that Riddett conceded that
there was double-counting in the course of his cross-examination. That was a
misreading of his evidence. As an example, I refer to N/E 13, where the
following exchange took place between counsel for the plaintiff and Riddett:

PC:Would you agree with me the sum of around $443,000 has already been back
charged.

PW4:It has been accounted for the in interim payment, yes.

PC:The sum of $443,000 has already been deducted from what is due from the
contractor, correct?

PW4:Yes, but you have to be careful with how you assess the deductions. Refer
to page 24 of my second affidavit, that was my attempt to balance all these
things up, having taken into account the possible chance of double deductions.
I agree that this is an issue that has to be carefully examined, as there may
be an incidence of double deductions. But to my knowledge, the calculations
have already taken that possibility of double deductions into account. Still
on page 24 of my second affidavit, the last line that says “less amount paid”,
that is the crucial figure. That figure took into account the fact that
previous deductions have already been made.

PC:The amount that was paid to the contractor already had back charges
deducted? Agree?

PW4:Yes. I agree. When we add up everything that contractor is entitled to,
and deduct the amount that he is being paid, we have already compensated for
that back charge.

PC:The sum of $443,000.61 has already been deducted?

PW4:Yes.

PC:So right now, there should not be a double deduction of that amount, and
hence should not be back charged?

PW4:Yes, I agree.

42 The above extracts showed that Riddett said that he ensured there was no
double-counting because he was fully conscious and aware of the danger of
double-counting. I do not read the passages to mean Riddett agreed there was
double-counting. To my mind, Riddett’s answers in cross-examination were taken
out of context. This is clear from Riddett’s re-examination, as can be seen
from the following questions and answers (N/E 22-23):

DCYou were referred to APED at page 3121, and page 103 of your AEIC. It was
asked of you, why, when these back charges appear to be already deducted, why
you still included them at the table at page 103 of your AEIC. Can you tell us
why is it that you said that there was no double counting?

PW4:With regard to the items included under “back charges” in my table, we
have taken steps to ensure that there was no double counting. In my
calculations, I have made sure that there was no double counting.

DC:Can you explain on the final account.

PW4:When the first affidavit was made, I had intended to show all the amounts
due by the contractor. The final accounts statement had to be revised
accordance [_sic_] to the assessment of the back charges.

DC:You were asked whether you have obtained any quotations with regard to
warranties, or the price of warranties, and you said you have not, can you
then explain how you have arrived at the figures relating to the warranties
then.

PW4:I looked at the list of warranties that needed to be provided under the
main contract. I considered what it would cost if you were to get an outsider
to “insure”, so to speak, some of the items which commonly cause problems.
That would in my view, add on to the sum of $50,000. I also took into
consideration the contract price, which in my view, was a reasonable amount.

DC:It was asked of you, in reference to Harico Construction, it was suggested
that that entity stepped into the shoes of the contractor and performed
rectification works as if it was the main contractor. It was suggested that
there was no basis for you to on one hand price for these defects, and also at
the same time price for the omission of the DLP. Can you explain to the court
why there was no double recovery.

PW4:The first reason is that the main contractor in pricing for the work would
have included the amount in his price, to cover his obligations under the
contract. What I have done is to assess a reasonable sum for what would be his
liability. I am guided to a certain extent by the retention that is held
during the relevant period under the SIA contract, which is 2.5%, it seems to
be that that figures would be a cap. I assessed it at 1% which is approx $42k,
that has to cover a period a period of 12 months. That is in my view a
reasonable amount per month. I have assessed what I believe a main contractor
would allow in his price. We have also deducted the direct costs.

43 The figure of $443,000.61 as recorded in the notes of evidence set out at
[41] is incorrect; it should be $4,044.35. I had at [127] of the 2010 judgment
held that the sum of $4,044.35 was due to the defendant after netting off what
was owed the plaintiff; I had said:

Ho had admitted that he omitted to do landscaping for the project, which item
was priced at $65,000 in the contract. This figure was referred to and
included in the calculations in Riddett’s report at Appendix B relating to
variations (supported and not supported by Architect’s Instructions). The
result of Riddett’s calculations was a deduction of $14,067.84 in favour of
the defendant which, set off against the $10,023.49 in [87] due to the
plaintiff for variations supported by Architect’s Instructions, leaves a
credit balance of $4,044.35 in favour of the defendant.

Consequently, the sum of $443,000.61 should be substituted by $4,044.35 and,
based on the 2010 judgment, it can no longer be challenged or disputed by the
plaintiff. It is yet another measure of Ho’s dishonesty that the plaintiff is
again attempting to circumvent the finality of the judgment sums I had
awarded. Ho continued to attack the defendant’s claim for back-charges and
rectification costs on which final judgment had been awarded by this court
without presenting any countervailing evidence. This included challenging the
sum of $23,548.75 back-charged by the defendant resulting from garnishee
proceedings taken out against the defendant by Presscrete Engineering Pte Ltd
(“Presscrete”), pursuant to which the defendant paid the sum under the order
of court dated 24 December 2003 obtained by Presscrete in MC Suit 7304 of
2000. Yet, Ho declined to testify, although he filed his AEIC for the
assessment hearing. It speaks volumes about Ho’s character and reaffirms the
poor opinion of his credibility that this court formed at the trials that
culminated in the 2007 judgment and the 2010 judgment.

44 I should also add that the sums of $14,067.84 and $10,023.49 referred to at
[43] above (from [127] of the 2010 judgment) were arrived at after discussions
between Ho and Riddett pursuant to this court’s direction (see [6] of the 2010
judgment) that the parties should, as far as possible, focus on disputed items
exceeding $10,000 in value for the trial and leave out items of lesser value.
Ho and Riddett subsequently resolved a number of disputed variation items in
Ho’s exhibit HSF-38 (_supra_ [22]). Consequently, the two figures cannot now
be challenged by the plaintiff.

45 A cursory glance of the submissions filed below on the plaintiff’s behalf
showed that its counsel repeatedly disregarded this court’s findings on issues
of liability in the 2010 judgment, not to mention counsel’s attempts to put
his own interpretation of this court’s judgment on the issue of back-charges
(see paras 28-29 of the plaintiff’s reply submissions filed 16 November 2011).

Conclusion

46 Consequently, I allow the defendant’s appeal with costs for three items of
assessment and replace the AR’s awards (in parentheses) with the following:-

(a) $136,242.62 for back-charges ($16,801.15);

(b) $124,417.04 for the cost of rectification works already incurred
($111,191.04); and

(c) $53,720 for the plaintiff’s failure to furnish warranties ($30,000).

Total = $314,379.66

I affirm the AR’s award of $27,768.67 for the plaintiff’s failure to honour
the DLP (not for failing to provide warranties) and disallow the defendant’s
claim for $45,742 for this item. Based on the contractual provisions set out
at [33] above, the plaintiff’s responsibility during the DLP was to provide a
maintenance crew to attend to defects, _etc_. The defendant is therefore only
entitled to be reimbursed its costs of providing such a maintenance crew and
the expenses of repairs occasioned thereby (on which there was no evidence)
and nothing more.

47 It follows from my decision that the plaintiff’s appeal is dismissed with
costs to the defendant. Both sets of costs are to be taxed on a standard basis
unless otherwise agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Feb 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

