Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Joon Wei Wesley _v_ Lee Kim Wei  
[2013] SGHCR 24

Case Number| :| Suit No 180 of 2011(Registrar's Appeal No 1 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Elisha Lee James AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ms Lim Kim Hong (M/s Kim & Co.) for the plaintiff; Mr
Simon Goh and Ms Wang Ying Shuang (M/s Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant  
Parties| :|  Tan Joon Wei Wesley — Lee Kim Wei  
  
1 November 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
AR James Elisha Lee:

Introduction

1 This is a personal injuries claim arising from a road traffic accident which
had occurred on 10 August 2009. The suit against the Defendant was commenced
on 17 March 2011. Interlocutory judgement was entered by consent on 14 June
2011 in the Plaintiff’s favour at 100%. The Notice of Appointment for
Assessment of Damages was filed on 2 May 2013. For the present hearing, the
Plaintiff called a total of 11 factual witnesses and 1 expert witness, while
the Defendant called 1 expert witness. Only the Plaintiff and both expert
witnesses testified at the hearing. The Defendant had agreed to dispense with
the attendance and oral testimony of the factual witnesses.

Background facts

2 On 10 August 2009, at about 1pm, the Plaintiff was riding his motorcycle on
the leftmost lane along the KJE towards SAFTI Military Institute at Jurong
West when the Defendant, who was driving a lorry, encroached onto the
Plaintiff’s path and collided with the right side of the Plaintiff’s
motorcycle. The Plaintiff sustained head injuries and multiple superficial
abrasions as a result of the accident. He was admitted to the National
University Hospital (“NUH”) from 10 August 2009 to 22 August 2009. He was
discharged on 22 August 2009 and given hospitalisation leave until 18
September 2009.

3 The Plaintiff was 22 years of age at the time of the accident. He was a
pilot trainee with the Republic of Singapore Air Force (“RSAF”). Following the
accident he was found to be unsuitable by the RSAF to continue with flying
training due to risk of post-traumatic epilepsy arising from head injuries.
The Plaintiff was consequently released from the RSAF on 27 October 2009. He
subsequently applied and was accepted for a 4-year degree course in Management
at Purdue University in the United States. The Plaintiff commenced his studies
in August 2010 and is expected to graduate in September 2014. He has intimated
at the hearing that he intends to pursue a career in the Human Resource (“HR”)
industry after graduation.

4 The various heads of claim which the Plaintiff now seeks to recover against
the Defendant are as follows :

Pain and suffering and loss of amenities  |  $90,000  
---|---  
Future medical expenses |  $10,000  
Cost of spectacles and contact lenses or photorefractive keratectomy (PRK) surgery fees |  $5,000 / $2,478.12  
Pre-trial loss of earnings |  $217,793.35 or $191,379.65  
Loss of future earnings |  $3,339,120 or $2,486,523 or $2,001,948  
Overseas education expenses |  $260,006.80  
  
  

5 I will now deal with each of the heads of claim.

Pain and suffering

6 The Plaintiff produced a total of 4 medical reports from 3 doctors. They
were Dr Yeo Tseng Tsai (“Dr Yeo”), a Senior Consultant Neurosurgeon and Head
of the Division of Neurosurgery, Department of Surgery, NUH, Dr Anthony Tang
Poh Huat (“Dr Tang”), an Associate Consultant from the Department of Surgery,
NUH and Dr Adrian Loh Seng Wei (“Dr Loh”), a Medical Officer from the
Department of Psychological Medicine, NUH.

7 According to the medical report dated 5 March 2010 by Dr Yeo (“the first
report”), the Plaintiff was observed to be drowsy but stable on admission. An
urgent CT scan of the head revealed the following injuries :

(a) acute haematoma at the posterior limb of the left internal capsule;

(b) traumatic subarachnoid haemorrhage;

(c) subdural haematoma at the tentorium cerebelli;

Chest, cervical and pelvic X-rays were normal and the Plaintiff was treated
conservatively and made “a slow progressive recovery”. Dr Yeo confirmed in his
second report dated 12 August 2011 (“the second report”) that no surgery was
performed on the Plaintiff at the time. The first report also stated that the
Plaintiff had, during the course of recovery, developed “behavioural
disturbances and emotional liability” and was referred to the psychiatrist. He
was also reviewed by the head injury rehab specialist.

8 Following his discharge from NUH on 22 August 2009, the Plaintiff was
reviewed on 22 September 2009. According to the first report, a repeat CT scan
“showed resolution of the previously seen haemorrhages”. He also noted that
the Plaintiff’s “motor power was good in all his limbs”. In the second report,
Dr Yeo opined that behavioural disturbances and emotional liability are
“common occurrences in the acute / subacute phase of patients with significant
head injury” and that they are “transient in the majority of cases”, including
the Plaintiff in this case. Dr Yeo further opined that the Plaintiff “does not
seem to have any long term sequelae for this”.

9 Dr Tang’s report dated 29 March 2010 showed the following injuries sustained
by the Plaintiff:

(a) Acute haematoma at the posterior limb of the left internal capsule;

(b) Subarachnoid haemorrhage at the high right frontal lobe;

(c) Multiple abrasions, mostly superficial, over the left chest, right and
left abdominal walls, the left hand, the right thigh and both knees.

10 In his affidavit, Dr Tang confirmed that there were “some behavioural
changes observed” while the Plaintiff was under the care of NUH.

11 According to Dr Loh’s report dated 3 December 2009, the Plaintiff underwent
detailed cognitive assessment on 17 August 2009 and was found to have a
traumatic brain injury with possible post-concussion syndrome. There was “no
evidence” of post-traumatic stress disorder or depression, and that the
Plaintiff’s behaviour “gradually improved”. At the follow-up psychiatric
assessment on 17 September 2009 the Plaintiff was assessed to have incomplete
post-traumatic amnesia of 12-day duration. Dr Loh also noted in his report
that in the review by the Plaintiff’s rehabilitative physician on 29 September
2009, he was similarly found to have anterograde amnesia of 11 days and
retrograde amnesia of 1 day, which according to Dr Loh was indicative of
severe traumatic brain injury. The Plaintiff underwent detailed
neuropsychological assessment on 20 October 2009 which showed no major
deficits, with memory more likely to be affected compared to other areas. At
the last psychiatric review with Dr Loh on 29 October 2009, the Plaintiff
“reported being his usual self with no significant psychological symptoms” and
that Mental State Examination was normal. The Plaintiff was then discharged
with an open review date.

12 The physical injuries sustained by the Plaintiff are not in dispute.

Claim for Head Injuries

13 Both the Plaintiff and the Defendant had adopted the “component approach”
in deriving their respective quantum of damages pertaining to the head
injuries sustained by the Plaintiff. The approach is clearly set out in _Tan
Yu Min Winston v Uni-Fruitveg Pte Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 825 (“ _Tan Yu Min
Winston_ ”) (at [25] – [26]) cited with approval by the Court of Appeal in
_Chai Kang Wei Samuel v Shaw Linda Gillian_ [2010] 3 SLR 587 (“ _Chai Kang Wei
Samuel_ ”) (at [48]):

25 The correct and perhaps more scientific way to look at the head injuries to
the brain resulting from an accident is to properly classify them into the
following three separate domains: structural, psychological and cognitive:

(a) "structural" injury (_eg_ , brain oedema, subdural, extradural
subarachnoid haematoma, brain contusion, loss of consciousness), which is the
specialisation of neurosurgeons;

(b) "psychological" injury (_eg_ , depression, mood swings, anger, anxiety),
which is the specialisation of psychiatrists; and

(c) "cognitive" impairment (_eg_ , loss of spatial, visual, long and short
term memory, intellect (in terms of IQ), learning ability), which is the
specialisation of clinical psychologists.

26 The deficits in each of the above domains are clearly separate and
distinguishable and in my view should be assessed separately if it is possible
to do so. I can see another benefit that this approach can bring from an
evidentiary point of view. I believe that it will be clearer and more
streamlined for the experts from each of the three different specialisations
to give evidence within their own specialisation as to the degree of pain,
suffering and loss of amenities due separately to the "structural" injury, the
"psychological" injury and the "cognitive" impairment arising from the
accident injury, trauma or damage to the brain. Quantification of the loss for
each of the three quite different types of injuries can then be made.

14 In _Chai Kang Wei Samuel_ , Chao JA held further (at [49]) that:

… Properly applied, the component approach could indeed prevent over-
compensation rather than encourage it. Nevertheless, in awarding damages by
way of the component approach, courts should always be mindful that the
overall quantum must be a reasonable sum reflective of the totality of the
injury.

15 And more recently in _Lee Wei Kong (by his litigation representative Lee
Swee Chit) v Ng Siok Tong_ [2012] 2 SLR 85 (“ _Lee Wei Kong_ ”) (at [14]), the
Court of Appeal held that :

… the component approach is no more than a systematic instrument to aid the
court to determine what would be a fair and reasonable quantification for a
particular injury or disability, having regard to precedents. Therefore,
previous cases will still remain relevant in so far as the particular injuries
or post-accident residual disabilities are sufficiently similar: they provide
the backdrop in which the court can place the award in order to determine
whether it represents a reasonable sum reflective of the totality of the
injury.

Structural Injury

16 Under the “structural” component, the Plaintiff has referred me to several
precedent cases, of which only three are of relevance in terms of the nature
of the head injuries sustained:

(a) In _Siti Rabiah Bte Ahmad v Abu Bin Nachak_ Suit No. 1328 of 1997 (High
Court) (“ _Siti Rabiah_ ”) (reported in _Assessment of Damages: Personal
Injuries and Fatal Accidents_ 2nd Edition at page 142), the plaintiff had
suffered the following head injuries:

(i) Diffuse brain injury with traumatic subarachnoid haemorrhage

(ii) Injury to third cranial nerve

(iii) Right parieto-occipital scalp haematoma and left periorbital haematoma
with disabilities

(iv) Diplopia

(v) Nerve palsy

(a) The plaintiff developed disabilities in the form of diplopia (double
vision) and impairment of her higher mental functions including poor memory.
She was awarded $55,000 for injuries (i) to (iii). The damages for injuries
(iv) and (v) were agreed.

(b) In _Jeya v Lui Yew Kee_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 240 (“ _Jeya_ ”), the plaintiff
sustained head injury with fracture of the frontal bone and damage to the
frontal lobe. The injury had affected the plaintiff’s personality (e.g. apathy
and emotional instability), reduced her IQ and caused her to suffer occasional
lapses of short term memory. There was also a possibility that the plaintiff
might never regain her previous level of functioning. The plaintiff was
awarded $50,000.

(c) In _Mullaichelvan s/o Perumal v Lee Heng Kah_ [2013] SGHCR 3 (“
_Mullaichelvan_ ”), the head injuries involved were traumatic subarachnoid
haemorrhage, left temporal lobe contusion and fracture of the left frontal
skull bone. The plaintiff, who did not suffer any psychological or cognitive
impairment, was awarded $45,000.

17 The Plaintiff submitted that the appropriate quantum for structural damage
in the present case should be $55,000 based on the precedent cases cited.

18 I observed that the injuries sustained by the plaintiffs in these precedent
cases were all more serious than those sustained by the Plaintiff. It is also
pertinent to note that in _Koh Chai Kwang v Teo Ai Ling (by her next friend
Chua Wee Bee)_ [2011] 3 SLR 610 (“ _Teo Ai Ling_ ”), where the plaintiff had
suffered very serious head injuries, namely extensive fractures to the skull,
a large extradural haematoma and intracranial injuries, the award of $70,000
for the physical head injuries was upheld by the Court of Appeal. The claim of
$55,000 for the structural component submitted by the Plaintiff thus appears
to me to be proportionately excessive in comparison.

19 The Defendant in turn referred me to _Tan Kim Lee v Mohd Yusoh Bin Hussain_
DC Suit No. 3084 of 2000 (“ _Tan Kim Lee_ ”) (reported in _Assessment of
Damages: Personal Injuries and Fatal Accidents_ 2nd Edition at page 151) where
the plaintiff had suffered, amongst other physical injuries, a left subdural
haematoma, left temporal lobe contusion, and traumatic subarachnoid
haemorrhage. Craniectomy was performed on him, resulting in the craniectomy
site being sunken which would require subsequent surgery to replace the skull
bone defect. The plaintiff was awarded $25,000 for his head injuries. The
Defendant submitted that the quantum for structural damage in this case should
be similar to that awarded in _Tan Kim Lee_ given the similarity in the
injuries sustained.

20 I note that the injuries in _Tan Kim Lee_ were relatively less extensive
and severe as those sustained by the Plaintiff. The injuries there were
confined largely to the left side of the brain while the Plaintiff had
sustained injuries to the left, right frontal lobe and back of the brain,
where the tentorium cerebelli is located. The Plaintiff had also sustained
acute haematoma on the left side of the brain. The plaintiff in _Tan Kim Lee_
had, however, undergone a craniectomy while no surgery was performed on the
Plaintiff.

21 In the light of the precedent cases, I am of the view that the appropriate
sum to be awarded under the structural component should be $30,000.

Psychological Injury

22 For psychological injury, there is no dispute that the Plaintiff had
suffered behavioural disturbances and emotional liability during his
hospitalisation. This was clear from the medical reports. The injuries,
according to Dr Yeo, are transient in the majority of cases, and it would
appear to have been the case for the Plaintiff as during his last review with
Dr Loh on 29 October 2009, the Plaintiff had reported being his usual self. Dr
Loh had also reported that the Plaintiff had, on that occasion, showed no
significant psychological symptoms and that his Mental State Examination was
normal. The Plaintiff asserted during his evidence at the assessment hearing
that he was “somewhat depressed” after the accident up till August 2010, a
period of about a year. This assertion, though, is not supported by the
evidence. According to Dr Loh, he had found no evidence of post-traumatic
stress disorder or depression when he first assessed the Plaintiff on 17
August 2009. The Plaintiff’s assertion is also inconsistent with Dr Loh’s
observation and diagnosis of the Plaintiff at the last review. I am therefore
of the view that the Plaintiff’s assertion should be disregarded.

23 The Plaintiff’s claim under this limb is for the sum of $5,000. In support
of his claim, he has referred to the case of _Ng Chee Wee v Tan Chin Seng_
[2013] SGHC 54 (“ _Ng Chee Wee_ ”) where the plaintiff was awarded $10,000 for
depression and cognitive impairment. The sum of $5,000 was derived on the
basis that the award of $10,000 in _Ng Chee Wee_ had covered cognitive
impairment as well.

24 In _Ng Chee Wee_ , there was clinical evidence that the plaintiff had
suffered from “extremely severe” stress and moderate depression. The clinical
psychologist had also observed that the plaintiff seemed to have difficulties
coping with his emotions and life in general. The assessment was conducted
more than 8 years after the accident. The plaintiff also suffered from
moderate cognitive impairment, which included significant impairment of his
visual memory. The plaintiff’s wife had also testified that after the accident
the plaintiff suffered from frequent mood swings and a slowing down in his
manner of speech. It is apparent that the psychological injury suffered by the
plaintiff in _Ng Chee Wee_ is more severe in terms of the nature and duration
of the injuries.

25 The Plaintiff has further referred me to 2 cases where the plaintiffs had
suffered from post-concussion syndrome – _Samsor Bin Mohamed Shah v Chang Wee
Ching_ (DC Suit No. 1948 of 1997) (reported in _Practitioners’ Library,
Assessment of Damages: Personal Injuries and Fatal Accidents_ at page 226) and
_Deepika Sharma v Lee Zhihui_ [2007] SGDC 276 (“ _Deepika_ ”). The awards in
those cases were, however, given on a global basis together with other
injuries sustained and thus provide limited guidance on what the appropriate
quantum under the psychological injury limb should be. It is pertinent to note
as well that according to Dr Loh’s report, the Plaintiff was found to have a
traumatic brain injury with _possible_ post-concussion syndrome. There is no
evidence adduced of any confirmation of actual post-concussion syndrome
suffered by the Plaintiff. This further distinguishes the present case from
these 2 precedent cases.

26 I am of the view, having considered _Ng Chee Wee_ , that the appropriate
sum to be awarded for psychological injury in this case should be $3,000.

Cognitive Impairment

27 With regard to cognitive impairment, the Plaintiff has claimed the sum of
$10,000 in respect of the anterograde and retrograde amnesia which the
Plaintiff suffered for 12 days. The case of _Leong Wah Toh v Panner Selvam
Lakshmanan & Anor_ (MC Suit No. 9958 of 1997) (“ _Leong Wah Toh_ ”) (reported
in _Practitioners’ Library, Assessment of Damages: Personal Injuries and Fatal
Accidents_ at page 226) was cited by the Plaintiff in support. In that case
the plaintiff had sustained head injury with retrograde amnesia and other
minor facial injuries. There were no further details regarding the retrograde
amnesia reported. The parties agreed on the sum of $6,000 as overall damages
for all of the injuries sustained. In _Ong Zern Chern Philip v Wong Siang
Meng_ [2004] SGHC 258 (“ _Ong Zern Chern_ ”), a case referred to by the
Defendant, the plaintiff had, amongst other injuries, sustained retrograde
amnesia with headaches, similarly with no further details of the retrograde
amnesia reported. The agreed quantum was $5,000.

28 The Plaintiff has argued that as he had suffered both anterograde and
retrograde amnesia, the appropriate award should be $10,000. I note that the
Plaintiff had suffered predominantly from anterograde amnesia with only 1 day
of retrograde amnesia. While it may be reasonable to assume that a patient who
suffers from both anterograde and retrograde amnesia would be in a worse
situation than one who suffers only from only one of either type of amnesia,
it may not be so to assume the same of a patient who had sustained anterograde
amnesia over one suffering from retrograde amnesia. It would be difficult to
determine that anterograde amnesia - the inability to form new memory, is a
greater impairment than retrograde amnesia - the inability to recall memory,
in the absence of any supporting evidence. I am, as such, unable to find that
the Plaintiff, who suffered predominantly from anterograde amnesia, was in a
worse situation than the plaintiffs in _Leong Wah Toh_ and _Ong Zern Chern_ to
the extent as to justify the award of a sum which represents twice of what was
awarded in the 2 cases (if we consider the sum of $6,000 in _Leong Wah Toh_ to
be inclusive of his other injuries and that $5,000 would be the appropriate
portion for the head injury). I am of the view therefore that the appropriate
quantum should be $5,000.

Risk of post-traumatic epilepsy

29 The Plaintiff had been deemed unsuitable by the RSAF to continue with his
flying training due to his “significant” risk of post-traumatic epilepsy. This
is according to Cpt (Dr) Zhuang Kun Da of the ARMC Medical Centre in his
letter dated 19 February 2010 (“the ARMC letter”)[note: 1]. Dr Zhuang also
explained in the same letter that post-traumatic epilepsy is a “major concern
after head injury due to the presence of iron in the brain tissues deposited
from the bleed” and that “a seizure in flight would cause acute incapacitation
and pose an adverse safety impact to” the Plaintiff. Following the accident,
the Plaintiff’s Physical Employment Status (PES) was downgraded from B to
E9L9. According to a letter by Dr Zhuang dated 28 April 2010[note: 2], the
Plaintiff had no prior medical history before the accident. Accordingly, the
Plaintiff has claimed $14,000 for having developed post-traumatic epilepsy
risk on the ground that it has caused “an adverse change in his lifestyle”.

30 The Defendant raised the question whether Dr Zhuang had in fact examined
the Plaintiff and pointed out that the letter did not state that Dr Zhuang or
the ARMC Medical Centre had carried out any tests or examination which led to
their assessment of the Plaintiff’s post-traumatic epilepsy risk. The
Defendant contended that Dr Zhuang’s comments were based on nothing more than
a general perceived correlation between head injuries and post-traumatic
epilepsy. Dr Zhuang was not called as a witness in these proceedings, although
the admissibility of the ARMC letters has not been challenged by the
Defendant. I should also point out at this juncture that there are 2 medical
certificates tendered which show that the Plaintiff had attended at the
Clinical Aviation Medicine Branch, Aeromedical Centre for medical examination
on 2 occasions after his discharge from hospital[note: 3]; although they do
not show that the Plaintiff had been specifically assessed for post-traumatic
epilepsy. As for the downgrading of the Plaintiff’s PES, the Defendant’s
contention is that there is no evidence that it was due to the head injuries
sustained and/or the risk of post-traumatic epilepsy.

31 The thrust of the Defendant’s argument is that there is no clear evidence
that the Plaintiff had developed post-traumatic epilepsy. None of the medical
reports produced had alluded to it. There is also no evidence of the condition
ever manifesting during the period of nearly 5 years since the accident. There
is, as such, no basis for the Plaintiff’s claim.

32 It is clear that the evidence adduced does not show that the Plaintiff had
in fact developed post-traumatic epilepsy, or that the Plaintiff will develop
post-traumatic epilepsy at some time in the future. The ARMC letter merely
stated that the Plaintiff is at significant risk of developing post-traumatic
epilepsy. Although the Plaintiff has claimed that being subject to such a risk
itself has caused an adverse change in his lifestyle, no evidence was adduced
or explanation furnished regarding how the Plaintiff’s lifestyle had been
adversely affected as a result. The Plaintiff has also failed to explain how
the figure of $14,000 is derived.

33 I am of the view, therefore, that it would not be appropriate to award any
damages under the head of pain and suffering in respect of the Plaintiff’s
risk of post-traumatic epilepsy.

Abrasions

34 The Plaintiff has claimed a sum of $6,000 for the multiple abrasions
suffered. According to Dr Tang’s report, the Plaintiff had sustained mostly
superficial abrasions over the left chest, right and left abdominal walls, the
left hand, the right thigh and both knees. Having considered the precedent
cases referred to me, I am of the view that the appropriate quantum should be
$4,000.

35 The total award in respect of the Plaintiff’s head injuries is thus
$38,000, and the overall quantum for pain and suffering is $42,000.

Future medical expenses and cost of spectacles and contact lenses /
photorefractive keratectomy (PRK) surgery fees

36 The Plaintiff’s claim of $10,000 for future medical expenses was initially
based on the medical reports tendered, and in particular, Dr Tang’s report
dated 29 March 2010 which stated that the Plaintiff was discharged with
follow-up plans with the psychiatrist and neuro psychologist. The Plaintiff
conceded, however, during cross-examination by counsel that he had already
attended all of the follow-up appointments referred to in Dr Tang’s report and
that the relevant expenses had already been included in his claim for medical
expenses (settled as between parties). There is also no evidence that the
Plaintiff would need to attend any further follow-up treatment or examination
in the future. The Plaintiff subsequently changed tact during submissions and
argued that his risk of post-traumatic epilepsy “will eventuate” and that
substantial medical costs arising from hospitalisation and medication will be
incurred as a result. As pointed out in [32] above, there has not been any
evidence adduced that the Plaintiff has developed or will develop post-
traumatic epilepsy in the future. There has also not been any information
furnished on the specifics of the treatment required for the condition and
estimated costs involved. I am of the view therefore that no damages for
future medical expenses should be awarded.

37 Similarly, with respect to the claim for cost of spectacles and contact
lenses / photorefractive keratectomy (PRK) surgery fees, no evidence was
adduced to support the Plaintiff’s assertion that if he had remained on the
pilot training programme, the RSAF would have arranged and paid for him to
undergo PRK surgery to correct his short-sightedness before commencement of
the Basic Wings Course. It would have been open for the Plaintiff in his
communications with the Ministry of Defence (“MINDEF”) and the RSAF to seek
clarification on the matter. Unfortunately, this was not done. In the
circumstances, I am unable to order any damages for this aspect of the
Plaintiff’s claim as well.

Prospect of the Plaintiff completing his flying training and becoming a full-
fledged RSAF pilot

38 The remaining heads of the Plaintiff’s claim hinges upon the central issue
of the prospect of the Plaintiff making it through the RSAF flying training
programme and graduating as a full-fledged pilot with the RSAF, as there is a
chance that the Plaintiff may not make it pass the subsequent phases of the
flying training he was undergoing at the time of the accident. Any calculation
of the Plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of earnings would have to take into account
this prospect. The issue takes on greater significance when it comes to
determining loss of future earnings / loss of earning capacity (“LFE / LEC”),
which in turn affects the question of whether the Plaintiff’s pursuit of his
Purdue University education can be considered a reasonable act of mitigation
of his loss of future earnings for which he would be entitled to claim the
relevant expenses incurred.

39 I will proceed, as such, to deal with this issue before delving into the
Plaintiff’s remaining claims for pre-trial loss of earnings, LFE / LEC, and
expenses from his overseas education at Purdue University.

40 The Plaintiff commenced his pilot training programme sometime in April
2009. He completed the Air Grading Course in end May 2009 and was amongst 6
trainees from a batch of 12 who passed. The Plaintiff was ranked 4th. At the
time of the accident, the Plaintiff was undergoing the Air Force Officer Cadet
School (“Air Force OCS”) course. The next phase of training awaiting the
Plaintiff would be a 9-day jungle survival course in Brunei, followed by about
2 months of Ground School, which is a preparatory course for the Basic Wings
Course. The final phase of the training programme would be the Advance Wings
Course, a specialised phase which comprises either the Fighter Wings, Rotary
Wings or Transport Wings Course. Trainees are streamed at the end of the Basic
Wings Course. Upon passing the Advance Wings Course, a trainee would become a
full-fledged RSAF pilot. According to the RSAF, the complete pilot training
programme would usually take about 25 to 28 months.

41 The Plaintiff’s position is that he had a more than even chance of
completing his flying training and becoming a full-fledged pilot with the RSAF
had the accident not occurred. The following evidence were adduced in support
:

i) affidavit evidence from 2 of the Plaintiff’s course mates during the Air
Grading Course, namely Loy Shi Bin (“Shi Bin”) and Gerard Tan Yi Qiang
(“Gerard”), both of whom had progressed to the Advance Wings Course and were
_en route_ to becoming full-fledged RSAF pilots as at 5 March 2012 – the date
of their respective affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEICs”). Shi Bin had
stated that in his batch of 14 trainees for the Basic Wings Course, only 2 did
not make it to the Advance Wings Course, while according to Gerard, in his
batch of 15, 5 were axed after the Basic Wings Course. Both Shi Bin and Gerard
also provided testimonial evidence regarding the Plaintiff’s aptitude and
potential for making it through the pilot training programme based on their
observations and interaction with him during the Air Grading Course;

ii) the affidavit testimonial evidence of Major Lee Chee Heng (“Major Lee”),
the course commander for the Air Grading Course which the Plaintiff attended;

iii) the RSAF’s records on the Plaintiff’s performance during the Air Grading
Course;

iv) the affidavit evidence of Willie Chew Swee Lim (“Willie Chew”), a retired
RSAF fighter pilot, on the chances of a trainee making it through the
remaining phases of the pilot training programme after he has passed the Air
Grading Course.

Evidence of Shi Bin, Gerard and Major Lee

42 Objections were lodged by the Defendant against certain portions of the
AEICs of Shi Bin, Gerard and Major Lee (all 3 had not testified at the
assessment hearing) on the grounds that they are speculative and/or constitute
inadmissible opinion evidence :

Paragraph |  Statement objected to |  Grounds of objection  
---|---|---  
Shibin’s AEIC  
6(f) |  _“At the Advanced Phase of training, the trainees are all likely to graduate with the RSAF Wings.”_ |  Speculation and/or opinion  
6(g) |  _“I believe that had the accident not occurred, Wesley would have certainly passed out of the Basic Wings Training Course and completed the Pilot Training Programme.”_ |  Speculation and/or opinion  
Gerard’s AEIC  
5(e) |  _“At the Advanced Phase of training, the trainees are all likely to graduate with the RSAF Wings.”_ |  Speculation and/or opinion  
5(f) |  _‘It is my opinion that had the accident not occurred, Wesley had a high probability of passing out of the Basic Wings Course.”_ _“I think Wesley is very confident as a person and he has very natural abilities and good dexterity. During flying training, I could see that Wesley has good situational awareness and appears to me as someone who is able to remain calm in stressful situations.”_ |  Speculation and/or opinion Opinion  
Major Lee’s AEIC  
11 |  _“With his maturity and diligence, Wesley may have made it as an RSAF pilot if he had continued with the training and passed all the tests.”_ |  Speculation and/or opinion  
  
  

43 In response, the Plaintiff had sought to justify their admission via
section 32B(3) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97) (“EA”) which states :

(3) Where a person is called as a witness in any proceedings, a statement of
opinion by him on a relevant matter on which he is not qualified to give
expert evidence, _if made as a way of conveying relevant facts personally
perceived_ by him, is admissible as _evidence of what he perceived_.

[emphasis]

44 The Defendant has raised the argument that as the AEICs were affirmed and
the Notice of Objection lodged prior to 1 August 2012, section 32B(3) would
not apply. I disagree with the position. The issue of admissibility only
arises at the hearing as that is when the affidavit would be admitted as
evidence. The Supreme Court Practice Directions Part VI Paragraph 62(4) also
specifically provides that adjudication on the material objected to in AEICs
should only be sought at the trial or hearing of the cause or matter. As such,
it would have to be determined according to the rules of evidence in force at
the time of the hearing. Since section 32B(3) had already come into effect by
the time of the hearing, I am of the view it would apply.

45 Section 32B(3) of the EA applies to the situation where the opinion or
inference is a way of communicating facts which the witness had seen. An
example would be when a witness to a traffic accident may be allowed to
testify that the driver involved was intoxicated, the witness’s opinion that
the driver was intoxicated being inferred from what he had observed, for
example the driver had blood-shot eyes, an unsteady gait and slurry speech.
The opinion would provide clarity to the witness’ testimony. It makes sense as
such to allow for its admission. There would be little risk in admitting such
evidence as the court will be able to assess the opinion against evidence of
the facts upon which it is based. Such evidence was previously only admissible
in criminal cases under section 385(3) of the old Criminal Procedure Code
(“CPC”) and section 277(3) of the CPC 2010. Section 32B(3) of the EA is _in
pari materia_ with the now repealed section 277(3). The effect of the
introduction of section 32B(3) and corresponding repeal of section 277(3) is
that the admission of such opinion evidence is now possible in both civil and
criminal cases – see 8.79 to 8.84 of _Evidence and the Litigation Process_ by
Jeffrey Pinsler, SC (3rd Edition).

46 With the exception of the second part of paragraph 5(f) of Gerrard’s AEIC,
I am of the view that none of the other statements of Shi Bin and Gerard set
out in the table at [42] above falls within the category of opinion evidence
envisaged under section 32B(3) of the EA, or are otherwise admissible under
any other provision in the EA. In any case, although both Shi Bin and Gerard
has stated in their respective affidavits their observations of certain
positive qualities and traits which the Plaintiff possesses which may suggest
strong aptitude for flying, it is difficult to ascertain, objectively, how
those observations can lead to the conclusion that the Plaintiff will
“certainly” or had a “high probability” of passing the pilot training
programme in the absence of any information regarding the content of the Basic
Wings Course and Advance Wings Course, and in particular the requirements or
criterion for passing. Moreover, they are both speaking from their
perspectives and experience as trainees rather than as, for example, an
instructor or someone who has experience in the conduct of the pilot training
programme who, based on their knowledge of the programme and experience
running it, may be in a position to render more reliable opinion on the
prospect of any particular trainee making it through the programme. The same
can be said regarding their statement that trainees in the final advance phase
of training are all likely to graduate from the programme. In fact the
statement appears to be a mere assertion as there is nothing in Shi Bin and
Gerard’s AEICs regarding the basis for their opinion. I am of the view,
therefore, that the said portions of Shi Bin and Gerard’s AEICs, with the
exception of the second part to paragraph 5(f) of Gerard’s AEIC, should not be
admitted into evidence.

47 With regard to the second part to paragraph 5(f) of Gerard’s AEIC, I am of
the view that it is admissible under section 32B(3). There would, however, be
limited weight accorded to it in the absence of evidence on the facts
supporting those qualities which Gerard had purportedly observed in the
Plaintiff. For the same reason, I would accord limited weight to Shi Bin’s
statements regarding the Plaintiff’s qualities and aptitude for flying even
though the Defendant had withdrawn their objection to them. Shi Bin had opined
in his affidavit that the Plaintiff was a “very stable person” and “very
strong flyer” who had “the presence of mind” during flying training. There is
no evidence adduced, however, on the basis for his opinion.

48 The statement of Major Lee in [42] above is, in my view partially an
opinion and a statement of fact. While he has expressed an opinion that the
Plaintiff possesses the qualities of maturity and diligence, his subsequent
statement is nothing more than a neutral statement of fact. Quite obviously
any trainee who continued with the pilot training programme and passes all the
tests would become a RSAF pilot. It is also difficult to relate the first part
of his statement to the second as it must be the case that even if a trainee
possesses those qualities, he would still not be able to pass out as a RSAF
pilot if he does not remain on the programme and pass all the tests. The first
part of his statement would, in my view, be admissible under section 32B(3) of
the EA. The second part of the statement would be admissible as a statement of
fact, although it would have little or no effect in advancing the Plaintiff’s
case given its neutral character.

49 Major Lee’s opinion that the Plaintiff possesses the traits of maturity and
diligence appears to be based predominantly on his ability to handle
additional responsibilities as the course in-charge for his batch during the
Air Grading Course. He has also given affidavit evidence that the Plaintiff’s
performance for the Air Grading Course is good. Major Lee was the instructor
who took the Plaintiff for his final flight test and had passed him.

RSAF’s records

50 The RSAF’s records on the Plaintiff’s performance consists of the following
:

i) a letter dated 12 April 2010[note: 4] stating that the Plaintiff was a
mature and hardworking student who has no problems flying with any instructor;

ii) a letter dated 18 October 2011[note: 5] stating that the Plaintiff was a
mature and hardworking student whose flying was of “average to low standard
and has shown good improvement toward the later part of training”.

51 These statements are of limited assistance in my view in terms of shedding
light on the Plaintiff’s prospects of making it as a RSAF pilot.

Willie Chew’s evidence

52 Willie Chew joined the RSAF in 1970 and served for 34 years. He retired in
1999 holding the rank of Major. He was a fighter pilot and flight instructor.
His last appointment before retirement was as Commanding Officer of the
Standards Squadron. His main responsibilities included training of the pilots
and instructors, conducting flight examination and formulating flight training
operational concepts, procedures and syllabi. According to Willie Chew, the
average attrition rate for the Air Grading Course could be as high as 70%.
Once a trainee completes Air Grading, his chances of making it through the
programme are about 70% to 80%. He further opined that it is rare for those
who graduate from Air Grading to be subsequently attrited as those not
competent for pilot training would have already been attrited during the Air
Grading Course. According to him, no one fails the Air Force OCS unless they
volunteer to do so, and that during Ground School, trainees who fail any test
at the first instance would be allowed to re-sit the various tests until they
pass. And finally, it would be rare for trainees to fail or be forced to drop
out from the Advance Wings Course.

53 The most important aspect of Willie Chew’s affidavit evidence for the
purpose of the assessment hearing would be his opinion that trainees who pass
the Air Grading Course had a 70% to 80% chance of making it through the pilot
training programme. The Plaintiff has relied on Willie Chew’s opinion in
support of his contention that he had more than an even chance of making it as
a RSAF pilot. Although the Defendant has not raised any objection to this
aspect of Willie Chew’s affidavit evidence, I am of the view that there is an
issue concerning admissibility of the evidence. There is no evidence, and in
fact no submission before me that he is an expert in the area. Although he was
a flight instructor, it is not clear from his AEIC whether he was an
instructor in the RSAF pilot training programme. There is also no evidence of
his involvement in the planning and running of the programme. I am, as such,
unable to regard Willie Chew as an expert witness. In the circumstances, his
evidence that trainees who pass the Air Grading Course had a 70% to 80% chance
of making it through the pilot training programme would be inadmissible
opinion evidence. In any case, it is not stated anywhere in his affidavit what
the basis was for the percentage figures. There is also, in my view, a serious
ambivalence in his evidence. In this regard, it would be useful to reproduce
the entire sub-paragraph :

“Once a trainee completes the Air Grading Course, his chances of succeeding in
the rest of [the] course under the Programme are about 70% to 80%. The
remaining 20% depends on the rest of the course in the Programme including
Basic Wings and Advanced Wings.”

54 The second sentence in the sub-paragraph presents, in my view, a perplexity
somewhat. After rendering his opinion that a trainee successful in Air Grading
has a 70% to 80% chance of making it through the rest of the course under the
Programme, which must presumably include the Basic Wings Course and Advanced
Wings Course, Willie Chew goes on to opine that the remaining 20% depends on
the rest of the course including Basic Wings and Advanced Wings. The
subsequent statement has, in my view, thrown his opinion into disarray as it
is now impossible to make out exactly what he is saying. This absence of
clarity, in my view, casts a doubt on the reliability of Willie Chew’s
opinion. Unfortunately, Willie Chew was not called to testify at the hearing
and hence, there was no opportunity to seek clarification from him. The
Plaintiff has sought to demonstrate that Willie Chew’s view is corroborated by
the evidence that in Shi Bin’s batch of 14 trainees for the Basic Wings
Course, 2 did not make it to the Advance Wings Course which represented a
percentage of about 86%, and that in Gerard’s batch 5 of the 15 trainees were
axed after the Basic Wings Course which represented a percentage of about 67%.
With respect, I find the Plaintiff’s attempt overly simplistic and convenient.
Firstly, Willie Chew’s opinion appears to be in respect of the chances of a
trainee making it through the entire pilot training programme and not merely
that of a trainee passing the Basic Wings Course. Secondly, the numbers in
respect of only 2 batches of trainees from a single component of the pilot
training programme would not be sufficient empirical support, in my opinion,
for any conclusion to be drawn as to the chances of a trainee making it
through the entire pilot training programme.

55 In the circumstances, I am not inclined to admit Willie Chew’s evidence
that a trainee who passes the Air Grading Course has a 70% to 80% chance of
making it through the remaining courses in the pilot training programme.

Defendant’s arguments

56 The Defendant has argued that the Plaintiff had a “less than reasonable
chance” of becoming a full-fledged pilot. The Defendant pointed out that the
Plaintiff had only been on the pilot training programme for about 7 months,
which represents about 30% of the pilot training programme based on the
duration of 25 to 28 months for the entire programme. The Air Grading Course
which the Plaintiff had passed is merely a first selection test to gauge the
trainee’s actual flying skills. The remaining phases of the programme would be
much more gruelling and selective. The Defendant has also pointed out that the
Plaintiff’s flying during Air Grading was assessed to be of “average to low
standard”, although I would have to add that the assessment by the RSAF also
included a comment that the Plaintiff had “shown good improvement toward the
later part of training”. The Defendant further highlighted that the Plaintiff
was ranked only 4th out of 6 during Air Grading. This, however, would have to
be viewed with the perspective firstly, that the Plaintiff was amongst 6 out
of 12 trainees who passed the Air Grading Course, and secondly that 1 of those
6 trainees besides the Plaintiff, Jui-sern who ranked higher than him, was
attrited subsequently during the Basic Wings Course. Finally, the Defendant
alluded to the letter dated 18 October 2011 from Air Manpower Department of
the RSAF which had stated that it would be “speculative” to assess if the
Plaintiff would have attended the Advanced Wings Course and pass out from
pilot training.

57 In the overall analysis, the only evidence which this court can rely on to
determine the Plaintiff’s chances of making it through the pilot training
programme can be summarised as follows:

(a) the anecdotal opinion evidence of his performance during the Air Grading
Course from Shi Bin, Gerard and Major Lee;

(b) the evidence that the Plaintiff was 1 out of 6 trainees who passed the Air
Grading Course in his batch and was ranked 4th, and that of these 6 trainees,
only 1 other (besides the Plaintiff) had failed to complete the pilot training
programme;

(c) the evidence that in 2 separate batches of trainees for the Basic Wings
Course, 2 out of 14 did not make it to the Advance Wings Course in the first
and 5 out of 15 trainees did not make it in the second.

58 With regard to (a), considering that the Air Grading Course is only a
month-long course in the entire programme which lasts 25 to 28 months, and
that it is predominantly to test the trainee’s aptitude for flying, it would
in my view be difficult to form any meaningful assessment of the Plaintiff’s
chances of making it through the entire programme and passing out as a full-
fledged RSAF pilot based on the opinions. As for (b) and (c), the assessment
would be largely arithmetical, although the figures _per se_ show that the
Plaintiff would have had a better than even chance of making it through the
programme.

59 The Plaintiff has cited 2 cases to support their contention that based on
the evidence adduced the court would be justified in finding that the
Plaintiff had, on a balance of probabilities, more than an even chance of
becoming a pilot. In _Lee Wei Kong (by his litigation representative Lee Swee
Chit) v Ng Siok Tong_ [2012] 2 SLR 85 (“ _Lee Wei Kong_ ”), the plaintiff was
18 years of age at the time of the accident and was just about to commence his
second and final year at a junior college. In assessing LEC and LFE, the court
found that he had more than an even chance of obtaining a university degree
based on the following evidence :-

(a) plaintiff’s ‘O’ Level examination results and the results of his “
_Promotional_ ” examination at the end of his first year;

(b) evidence from his secondary school and junior college teachers that he was
a bright and determined person; and

(c) a projection of his ‘A’ level examination results by his junior college
principal based on the Plaintiff’s “ _Promotional_ ” examination results.

And in _Lai Chi Kay and Ors v Lee Kuo Shin_ [1981] SGHC 7 (“ _Lai Chi Kay_ ”),
the plaintiff was a fourth year medical student at the University of
Singapore. The court found that there was “no doubt” that he would complete
his studies and graduate as a doctor as he had good passes in his yearly
examination.

60 I note that in both _Lee Wei Kong_ and _Lai Chi Kay_ , there was objective
qualitative evidence which the court could rely upon in making the respective
findings regarding the chances of them graduating from university and medical
school respectively. The same cannot be said about the present case.

61 The Defendant, on the other hand, has argued that on the evidence, the
Plaintiff has not established on a balance of probabilities that he would
complete the pilot training programme or that he had a reasonable chance of
becoming a pilot. While I agree that on the evidence before me, it is
difficult to reach the conclusion that the Plaintiff would have on a balance
of probabilities make it as a pilot, what is clear to me is that the Plaintiff
had a chance to do so which is neither remote nor speculative.

62 In _Mallet v McMonagle_ [1970] A.C. 166, Lord Diplock in his judgement at
176 said :

The role of the court in making an assessment of damages which depends upon
its view as to what will be and what would have been is to be contrasted with
its ordinary function in civil actions of determining what was. In determining
what did happen in the past a court decides on the balance of probabilities.
Anything that is more probable than not it treats as certain. But in assessing
damages which depend upon its view as to what will happen in the future or
would have happened in the future if something had not happened in the past,
the court must make an estimate as to what are the chances that a particular
thing will or would have happened and reflect those chances, whether they are
more or less than even, in the amount of damages which it awards.

63 This was echoed by Lord Reid in _Davies v Taylor_ [1974] A.C. 207 who said
in his judgement at 213 :

When the question is whether a certain thing is or is not true - whether a
certain event did or did not happen - then the court must decide one way or
the other. There is no question of chance or probability. Either it did or it
did not happen. But the standard of civil proof is a balance of probabilities.
If the evidence shows a balance in favour of it having happened then it is
proved that it did in fact happen.

…. You can prove that a past event happened, but you cannot prove that a
future event will happen and I do not think that the law is so foolish as to
suppose that you can. All that you can do is to evaluate the chance. Sometimes
it is virtually 100 per cent.: sometimes virtually nil. But often it is
somewhere in between. And if it is somewhere in between I do not see much
difference between a probability of 51 per cent and a probability of 49 per
cent.

64 In _Allied Maples Group Ltd v Simmons & Simmons_ [1995] 1 WLR 1602, Stuart-
Smith L.J. drew a distinction between three types of “loss of a chance”
situations. In the first were cases which consisted of some positive act or
misfeasance, and the question of causation was one of historical fact. In the
second would be cases which consisted of an omission where causation depended
upon the answer to the hypothetical question “what would the plaintiff have
done if there had been no negligence?”. In both types of cases, proof on the
balance of probabilities would apply. For the third type of cases, however, in
which the plaintiff's loss depended upon the hypothetical action of a third
party, whether in addition to action by the plaintiff or independently of it,
the plaintiff need only show that he had a substantial chance, which could be
less than likely, of the third party acting in such a way as to benefit him.

65 On the evidence before me, I am of the view that the Plaintiff had a chance
of making it through the pilot training programme and becoming a full-fledged
RSAF pilot prior to the accident which was not insignificant. This chance
would, in my opinion, have to be taken into account in computing the pre-trial
loss of earnings as well as LFE/LEC. Parties have primarily been submitting
for an all or nothing approach in this case. The Plaintiff has argued for full
damages to be awarded on the basis that the Plaintiff would have completed the
pilot training programme and gone on to become a full-fledged pilot. The
Defendant, on the other hand, has argued that the chances are too speculative
for any objective assessment of damages to be possible. Adopting such an
approach in the present case, in my view, would not be consistent with the
objective of _restitutio ad integrum_ , which is to restore the plaintiff, as
much as possible, to the position he was in before the accident. An all or
nothing approach would result either in over or under compensation for the
Plaintiff in this case.

**Pre-trial loss of earnings**

66 The Plaintiff’s claim for pre-trial loss of earnings is in respect of the
following time periods :-

(a) the period between November 2009 and commencement of the Basic Wings
Course in April 2010;

(b) the period of the Basic Wings Course (May 2010 to January 2011 – 9
months);

(c) estimated waiting period before commencement of the Advanced Wings Course
(February 2011 to July 2011)

(d) the period of the Advanced Wings Course (August 2011 to May 2012 – 9
months);

(e) the period where the Plaintiff would have become a full-fledged pilot (May
2012 to May 2013).

67 At the time of the accident, the Plaintiff was undergoing Air Force OCS
which appears to have commenced on 6 July 2009 based on the RSAF’s letter
dated 30 May 2011[note: 6] which informed that the Plaintiff resumed his
military training on 6 July 2009 after his Air Grading Phase. According to the
Plaintiff, the Air Force OCS would last about 11 weeks. This would be followed
by 9 days of jungle survival training in Brunei and 2 months of Ground School
before the Basic Wings Course which lasts for 9 months. I am of the view that
the Plaintiff would in all probability have completed the Air Force OCS,
jungle survival training, Ground School and eventually the Basic Wings Course
but for the accident. As such, I am of the view that he should be compensated
in full for his loss of earnings during this period. The Plaintiff had joined
the pilot training programme on 30 March 2009. He only commenced his Air
Grading Course a month later on 29 April 2009. Thereafter, he had to wait for
another month before commencing his Air Force OCS. I note from the evidence
that Shi Bin had started receiving his flying pay supplement – training only
in June 2010. This suggests to me that Shi Bin had commenced his Basic Wings
Course in that month as otherwise it would be difficult to comprehend the
rationale for paying such an allowance. I am prepared, as such, to adopt the
position that the Plaintiff would have commenced his Basic Wings Course in
June 2010 as well. On that basis, the period to be applied for computation
would be from November 2009 to March 2011 (Basic Wings Course from June 2010
to February 2011). I accept therefore the Plaintiff’s claim for the periods in
(a) and (b) at [66] above, save that the respective periods be adjusted
accordingly.

68 Although the RSAF has provided estimated earnings of a pilot trainee for
the Basic Wings Course and Advanced Wings Course, these figures do not appear
to cover the Air Force OCS, jungle survival course, Ground School and waiting
period. The figures also do not include CPF and bonuses. Since there is
evidence available regarding the Plaintiff’s detailed earnings prior to his
discharge, as well as the earnings of a fellow course mate, namely Shi Bin, I
am of the view it would be more accurate to compute the Plaintiff’s pre-trial
loss of earnings up to completion of the Basic Wings Course based on these
salary figures rather than to rely on the RSAF’s estimates.

Period up to completion of Basic Wings Course

69 The Plaintiff was holding the rank of Lieutenant during this period and his
last drawn monthly gross pay was $2,564.88. During the 14-month period from
October 2009, he would have received a year-end bonus for December 2009, a
mid-year bonus for July 2010 and another year-end bonus for December 2010. The
Defendant has argued that it would be speculative to assume that the Plaintiff
would receive bonuses, which are dependent on performance, and has cited the
RSAF’s refusal to comment on whether the Plaintiff would have received any
bonus in support of their argument. I am prepared, however, to factor in these
bonuses as the Plaintiff would have been undergoing the same pilot training as
Shi Bin during that period, and there would be no reason why the Plaintiff
would not have received the same bonuses as Shi Bin did. Similarly, I am of
the view that the Plaintiff would have received the gross flying pay
supplement-training component from June 2010 onwards, just as Shi Bin did. In
addition, the RSAF has also confirmed that the Plaintiff would have received
an estimated overseas allowance of $13,000 for the Basic Wings Course, which
would be held in Perth, Australia. As for the various lump sum payments and
adjustments of pay reflected in Shi Bin’s pay information, I am not prepared
to take them into consideration since no evidence had been adduced regarding
the nature of these payments, as well as how the figures were derived. In
particular, there is no evidence whether these payments were specific only to
Shi Bin or general payments made to every trainee. Besides, given that the
Plaintiff was holding a higher rank than Shi Bin, there would not be basis for
me to assume that the same payments would have been made to him. For the same
reasons, I am not prepared to derive any pay increment based on Shi Bin’s pay
information given the absence of evidence as well regarding the nature of
these increments.

70 The Defendant has argued for a 30% deduction from the flying pay
supplement-training and overseas allowance to account for the Plaintiff’s
overseas expenditure during the Basic Wings Course and has referred me to the
case of _Tan Shwu Leng v Singapore Airlines Ltd_ [2001] SGHC 51 (“ _Tan Shwu
Leng_ ”). In _Tan Shwu Leng_ , the court had allowed a 40% deduction of the
cabin crew allowance which the plaintiff would have received as part of pre-
trial loss of earnings based on evidence that cabin crew would spend about
that portion of their allowances on expenses while flying. On that basis, the
Defendant submitted that a deduction of 30% would be reasonable in the present
case. I am of the view that it would be fair and reasonable for an appropriate
deduction to be made from the overseas allowance for the expenses the
Plaintiff would have likely incurred whilst undergoing the Basic Wings Course
overseas. I will also have to take into consideration the possibility that the
Plaintiff’s basic necessities, including meals would have been provided for by
the RSAF given that the training would have taken place at a military airbase
and that the Plaintiff would have been residing within or near it. This would
be unlike the situation of airline cabin crew where their meals and other
expenses like transport would have to be paid out of their monthly allowances.
In the circumstances, I agree that a deduction of 30% from the overseas
allowance to account for expenses would be appropriate. With regard to the
flying pay supplement-training, it appears to me to be a component of the
salary of a pilot trainee rather than an allowance for expenditure incurred
during overseas training. As such, I am of the view that a deduction would not
be appropriate.

71 Finally, a deduction of 3% for income tax (excluding employer’s CPF
contribution) would be appropriate based on the actual tax liability of the
Plaintiff for the Years of Assessment 2009 to 2011 – _Teo Sing Keng v Sim Ban
Kiat_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 340 (“ _Teo Sing Keng_ ”), _Ho Yiu v Lim Peng Seng_
[2004] SGHC 28.

72 I will, as such, allow the Plaintiff’s claim for the pre-trial loss of
earnings quantum in respect of the period following his discharge from the
RSAF to the time he would have completed his Basic Wings Course as follows :-

|  |  |  |  |  |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
|  |  Month |  Income |  Employer’s CPF contribution (% of gross pay) |  |   
|  |  November 2009 |  $2,564.88 |  $279.57 (10.9%) |  |   
|  |  December 2009 |  $4560.57* |  $497.10 (10.9%) |  |   
|  |  January 2010 |  $2,564.88 |  $279.57 (10.9%) |  |   
|  |  February 2010 |  $2,564.88 |  $279.57 (10.9%) |  |   
|  |  March 2010 |  $2,564.88 |  $279.57 (10.9%) |  |   
|  |  April 2010 |  $2,564.88 |  $279.57 (10.9%) |  |   
|  |  May 2010 |  $2,564.88 |  $279.57 (10.9%) |  |   
|  |  June 2010 |  $2,810.01** |  $306.29 (10.9%)  |  |   
|  |  July 2010 |  $4,215.02*** |  $459.44 (10.9%) |  |   
|  |  August 2010 |  $2,810.01 |  $306.29 (10.9%) |  |   
|  |  September 2010 |  $2,810.01 |  $317.53 (11.3%) |  |   
|  |  October 2010 |  $2,810.01 |  $317.53 (11.3%) |  |   
|  |  November 2010 |  $2,810.01 |  $317.53 (11.3%) |  |   
|  |  December 2010 |  $8,430.03**** |  $952.59 (11.3%) |  |   
|  |  January 2011 |  $2,810.01 |  $317.53 (11.3%) |  |   
|  |  February 2011 |  $2,810.01 |  $317.53 (11.3%) |  |   
|  |  Total : |  $61,955.30 |  $5,786.78 |  $67,742.08 |   
|  |  Deduct 3% for income tax : |  |  |  ($1,858.66) |   
|  |  Add Overseas allowance (with 30% deduction) : |  |  |  $9,100 |   
|  |  Total : |  |  |  $74,983.42 |   
* |  Inclusive of bonus derived from Shi Bin’s pay information for December 2009. Shi Bin’s bonus was $1,587.29 for that month based on a gross pay of $2,040. The Plaintiff’s bonus is thus $1,587.29 ÷ $2,040 x $2,564.88 = $1,995.69. The Plaintiff’s total pay for December 2009 is therefore $2,564.88 + $1,995.69 = $4,560.57.  
** |  Inclusive of gross flying pay supplement-training of $245.13.  
*** |  Inclusive of bonus derived from Shi Bin’s pay information for July 2010. Shi Bin’s bonus was $1,142.57 for that month based on a gross pay of $2,285.13 (inclusive of gross flying pay supplement). The Plaintiff’s bonus is thus $1,142.57 ÷ $2,285.13 x $2,810.01 = $1,405.01. The Plaintiff’s total pay for December 2009 is therefore $2,810.01 + $1,405.01 = $4,215.02.  
**** |  Inclusive of bonus derived from Shi Bin’s pay information for December 2010. Shi Bin’s bonus was $4,570.26 for that month based on a gross pay of $2,285.13 (inclusive of gross flying pay supplement). The Plaintiff’s bonus is thus $4,570.26 ÷ $2,285.13 x $2,810.01 = $5,620.02. The Plaintiff’s total pay for December 2010 is therefore $2,810.01 + $5,620.02 = $8,430.03.  
  
  

Period from after completion of Basic Wings Course to completion of Advanced
Wings Course

73 After the Basic Wings Course, the Plaintiff would have progressed to the
Advanced Wings Course. He would also have been streamed either to the Fighter
Wings, Rotary Wings or Transport Wings Course at the end of the Basic Wings
Course. It is not in dispute that of the three, the Fighter Wings Course would
generally be more prestigious. The Plaintiff had made his claim on the basis
that he would be selected for the fighter pilot programme, that is, by
claiming for the overseas allowance payable only to trainees on the Fighter
Wings Course which is conducted either in France or the United States. As the
quantum of the overseas allowance is relatively low, I am of the view that it
would not be necessary, for our purpose, to differentiate between the earnings
the Plaintiff would have received based on whichever course he would have been
streamed to. There would consequently be no necessity as well for dwelling
into the issue of the Plaintiff’s chances of making it to the Fighter Wings
Course. The appropriate manner of computing the Plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of
earnings for the period after the Basic Wings Course would therefore be to do
so by following the same trajectory of Shi Bin and Gerard’s progress, that is,
on the assumption that the Plaintiff would make it to the Fighter Wings
Course, and thereafter apply a deduction to account for the chance that he may
not make it beyond the Basic Wings Course. Having considered the totality of
the evidence regarding the Plaintiff’s chance of making it through the pilot
training programme, I am of the view that a 30% deduction would be
appropriate.

74 An issue arose during the hearing regarding the duration of the Advanced
Wings Course. The Plaintiff had initially given evidence that the course would
last for 18 months. He subsequently claimed that it should be 9 months, before
conceding eventually that he is unsure of the exact duration of the Advanced
Wings Course[note: 7]. In an email dated 12 January 2011[note: 8], the RSAF
had provided a figure in response to Plaintiff counsel’s query for the salary
her client would have earned for the Advanced Wings Course in the United
States “for 9 months”. The Defendant has argued against drawing the inference
from the RSAF’s response that the duration for the Advanced Wings Course is
indeed 9 months given the manner in which the question was posed. I should
point out that in the same email, in response to Plaintiff counsel’s query on
the likely salary for the Basic Wings Course “for 6 months”, the RSAF had
clarified that the Basic Wings Course is usually for 9 months. It would be
reasonable, as such, to infer that if the duration of the Advanced Wings
Course was not 9 months, just as the duration of the Basic Wings Course was
not 6 months as wrongly alluded to in Plaintiff counsel’s query, the RSAF
would likely have made a similar clarification.

75 The Defendant has argued that the duration would more likely be 18 months
based on the Plaintiff’s earlier evidence at the hearing and the evidence that
both Shi Bin and Gerard were still undergoing the Advanced Wings Course in
France at the time they affirmed their affidavits, which was on 5 March 2012.
The Defendant’s contention is that if the course duration was indeed only 9
months as claimed by the Plaintiff, Shi Bin and Gerard ought to have completed
their training and become full-fledged pilots by March 2011. The fact that
they are both still undergoing the Advanced Wings Course on 5 March 2012 shows
that the course duration could not have been merely 9 months.

76 On the basis that the Basic Wings Course took place from June 2010 to
February 2011, if the Advanced Wings Course had commenced only in June or July
2011, assuming a waiting time of 2 to 3 months, which would be reasonable in
my view, it would have ended only in March or April 2012 assuming a duration
of 9 months. As such, I am unable to accept the Defendant’s argument that the
fact that both Shi Bin and Gerard were still undergoing the Advanced Wings
Course as at March 2012 must of necessity lead to the conclusion that the
course duration could not have been 9 months. I note further that the overseas
allowance payable only during the Advanced Wings Course was only reflected in
Shi Bin’s payslip for January 2012. The payslips for August 2011 to December
2011 were not available whilst the payslip for July 2011 did not reflect such
an allowance. It can therefore be inferred that Shi Bin had commenced his
Advanced Wings Course only after July 2011, in which case it would then
explain why Shi Bin was still undergoing his Advanced Wings Course in March
2012.

77 I am, as such, of the view that the duration of the Advanced Wings Course
is likely to be 9 months rather than 18 months. I am also of the view that it
would be reasonable to adopt the position that the Plaintiff would have
commenced the Advanced Wings Course only in August 2011, which would then end
only in April 2012. The Plaintiff would have become a full-fledged RSAF pilot
from May 2012 onwards. Based on this projection, the entire period of the
pilot training programme would be 36 months (May 2009 to April 2012).
According to the RSAF, the programme would usually take about 25 – 28 months
to complete. The remaining period of 8 months can in my view, be reasonably
attributed to waiting time during the various transitions between the various
phases of the programme.

78 At the assessment hearing, the Plaintiff disclosed that during his summer
vacation in June 2011, he had worked part time and was paid a total of about
US$203 (approximately S$255). The Plaintiff and Defendant are in agreement
that this amount should be deducted from the quantum to be awarded for pre-
trial loss of earnings. The quantum in respect of the pre-trial loss of
earnings for the period after the Basic Wings Course to completion of the
Advanced Wings Course (March 2011 to April 2012) would thus be as follows :-

|  _Income + Employer’s CPF Contribution for March 2011 to April 2012:_  
---|---  
|  [$2,810.01 + $325.96 (11.6%)] x 15 months* _plus_ _Bonus for the month of July 2011**_ _plus_ _Overseas allowance for Advanced Wings Course***_ $666.50 x 9mths |  = $47,039.55 = $1,356.30 = $5998.50  
|  Total |  = $54,394.35  
|  After deduction of US$203 ($255) from part-time work during summer vacationin June 2011 |  = $54,139.35  
|  After 3% income tax deduction (employer’s CPF contribution & overseas allowance excluded from deduction) |  = $52,515.20  
|  After 30% deduction |  = $36,760.60  
* Inclusive of 13th month AWS for December 2011 ** Shi Bin’s bonus was $1,242.57 for that month based on a gross pay of $2,574.39 (inclusive of gross flying pay supplement). The Plaintiff’s bonus is thus $1,242.57 ÷ $2,574.39 x $2,810.01 = $1,356.30. *** The Plaintiff has indicated that they will not be claiming for the other component of the overseas allowance consisting of €313.72 per month to factor in the fact that the Plaintiff would have expended part of his allowance.  
  
  

Period after Advanced Wings Course

79 For the period from May 2012 to May 2013, the Plaintiff would have already
become a full-fledged pilot, on the assumption that he had passed the pilot
training programme. According to the RSAF, the estimated starting salary of a
full-fledged pilot would be $5,864.67 per month[note: 9]. On this basis, the
Plaintiff’s loss of earnings for the period would be as follows:

|  [$5,864.67 + $680.30 (employer’s CPF contribution at 11.6%)] x 14 months*
=$91,629.58  
---|---  
|  After 3% income tax deduction (employer’s CPF contribution & overseas allowance excluded from deduction) |  = $89,166.42  
|  After 30% deduction |  = $62,416.50  
*Inclusive of 13th month AWS for the month of December 2012.  
  
  

80 The total pre-trial loss of earnings for the period from November 2009 to
May 2013 is therefore as follows :

(a) $74,983.42 + $36,760.60 + $62,416.50 = $174,161

(b) (rounded to nearest dollar)

Plaintiff’s failure to mitigate

81 The Defendant has argued for a deduction from the total quantum of damages
awarded for pre-trial loss of earnings to account for the Plaintiff’s failure
to mitigate his losses for the period between his discharge from the RSAF on
29 October 2009 to the commencement of his studies at Purdue University in
August 2010. The Plaintiff had elected to remain unemployed during this
period. The Defendant contended that an amount, to be derived by multiplying
the mean starting monthly salary of an aerospace technology diploma holder,
the Plaintiff’s qualification at the time of the accident, with the duration
of the period, should be deducted.

82 The Plaintiff had explained, during cross-examination that he had not
engaged in any employment at that time as he was preparing for his SAT
examination and dealing with his university applications. He also expressed
that he had just lost his childhood dream of becoming a pilot and needed to
re-evaluate his career options at that time[note: 10].

83 It is trite law that a claimant is required only to take reasonable steps
to mitigate the loss to him consequent upon the defendant’s wrong – _British
Westinghouse Co v Underground Ry_ [1912] AC 673 at 689, _The “Asia Star”_
[2010] 2 SLR 1154 at [24], _Sim Ban Kiat v Teo Sing Keng_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 111
at [21] (“ _Sim Ban Kiat_ ”). The test for reasonableness is an objective one,
but also takes into account subjective circumstances. It is premised upon
“fact-sensitive” fairness and the reasonableness inquiry is “very much a
factual one” – _The “Asia Star”_ at [30] to [34]. Although _The “Asia Star”_
was a case involving a contractual dispute, the principles on mitigation, and
in particular the test for reasonableness, would be equally applicable in a
personal injury case.

84 I am of the view that it would not be reasonable in this case to expect the
Plaintiff to engage in full-time employment in the aerospace industry, or any
form of full-time employment, during the period given his intention to further
his studies. It is likely in my view that he might not have been able to
secure any such employment if he were to disclose to any potential employer
that he intended to leave for further studies in a few months. As such, the
Defendant’s proposed deduction based on the mean starting monthly salary of an
aerospace technology diploma holder would not be fair. While the Plaintiff
could have reasonably been expected to secure temporary or part-time
employment, no evidence has been placed before me as to what those employment
options may be, as well as the corresponding remuneration. In any case, it is
unlikely that such remuneration from temporary or part-time work would be
significant. I am therefore not prepared to make any deduction to account for
the Plaintiff’s failure to mitigate his losses during the period between his
discharge from the RSAF and commencement of his university education.

LFE / LEC

85 The Plaintiff has argued that LFE ought to be awarded in this case as he
was already on the pilot training programme when the accident occurred, and
had a more than even chance of completing the programme and passing out as a
full-fledged RSAF pilot. He is currently studying for a degree in Management
and has expressed an interest in pursuing a career in the HR industry. The
Plaintiff has submitted for these 2 career models to be adopted and LFE to be
awarded based on the difference between the career earnings of a pilot and a
HR professional.

86 The Defendant’s position is that an award of LFE would not be appropriate.
The first reason cited is the highly speculative prospect of the Plaintiff
making it as a pilot. The second is the possibility of the Plaintiff embarking
on a career which may offer a higher remuneration than a pilot given the
spectrum of career options available to the Plaintiff upon graduation from
Purdue University. The Defendant contended, as such, that an award for LEC
would be more appropriate in this case.

87 The law on LFE and LEC has been considered and clarified in _Chai Kang Wei
Samuel_ where the Court of Appeal held that LFE and LEC compensated different
losses and are not strictly alternative to each other. Referring to the
English Court of Appeal case of _Smith v Manchester Corporation_ [1974] 1 KIR
1, Chao JA said at [14]:

Although Scarman LJ did not expressly define it as such, it was clear that he
viewed loss of future earnings as referring to a loss arising from a situation
where a victim of an accident finds that he or she can no longer, as a result
of the accident, earn his or her pre-accident rate of earnings... In other
words, loss of future earnings refers to the difference between post-accident
and pre-accident income or rate of income. Obviously, if the victim earns a
post-accident income or rate of income which is more than his or her pre-
accident income or rate of income, no award for loss of future earnings should
be made. In contrast, loss of earning capacity, as Scarman LJ indicated,
addresses the loss arising from the weakening of the plaintiff's competitive
position in the open labour market…

88 In _Teo Ai Ling v Koh Chai Kwang_ [2010] 2 SLR 1037 (“ _Teo Ai Ling (HC)_
”), Steven Chong JC (as he then was) said, after surveying relevant local and
English cases, including _Smith v Manchester Corporation_ said at [49] :

Arising from the above cases, the following principles can be extracted:

(a) Loss of future earnings is awarded for real and assessable loss which must
be proved by evidence.

(b) Loss of earning capacity is typically awarded when the plaintiff retains
employment post-accident and has not suffered any immediate loss of earnings
but may as a result of the injury be at a disadvantage in securing an equally
well paid job should he subsequently lose that employment. This is sometimes
referred to as "handicap" or "loss of competitive edge" or "weakening of his
competitive position" in the labour market.

(c) Loss of earning capacity may be awarded if there is no available evidence
of the plaintiff's earnings to facilitate a proper computation of future
earnings.

89 It is clear that the Plaintiff bears the burden of proving real and
assessable loss to support an award for LFE. In our present case, the specific
issues to be considered would be :

(a) whether there was sufficient evidence to find that the Plaintiff would
have, but for the accident, completed his pilot training and become a full-
fledged RSAF pilot, and thereafter transit to become a commercial pilot;

(b) whether it is reasonable, based on the evidence available, to adopt the HR
career model as the basis for assessing the Plaintiff’s future earnings upon
his graduation from Purdue University;

(c) whether based on the evidence available it would be too speculative to
calculate the Plaintiff’s LFE using the multiplicand-multiplier formula.

Whether there was sufficient evidence to find that the Plaintiff would have,
but for the accident, complete his pilot training and become a full-fledged
RSAF pilot, and thereafter transit to become a commercial pilot?

90 I have dealt with the issue of the Plaintiff’s chances of completing his
pilot training and becoming a full-fledged RSAF pilot in [38] to [65] above.
The conclusion was that he had a chance that was not insignificant, and which
would have to be taken into account in computing LFE or LEC. The question that
arises now, as such, would be the prospect of the Plaintiff transiting to
commercial flying. This issue is relevant as the Plaintiff has premised his
claim for LFE on the basis that he intends to keep on flying for as long as
possible and would be prepared to transit to commercial flying in order to be
able to do so. He has also in computing his future loss of income, referred to
the salary figures of commercial pilots.

91 It is not disputed that upon completion of the pilot training programme and
becoming a full-fledged pilot with the RSAF, the trainee would be offered an
initial 12-year contract. The retirement age for a RSAF pilot is 45 years, but
in exceptional cases, it may be extended to 50 years.

92 There is affidavit evidence from Willie Chew that most RSAF pilots would
switch over to become commercial pilots due to the higher retirement age for
commercial pilots and better remuneration. Willie Chew also stated that in his
experience, about 60% of RSAF pilots switch over to commercial flying after
serving out their 12-year contracts[note: 11]. He has not, however, clarified
his basis for the figure of 60%, neither has he explained how he came to the
view that most RSAF pilots would transit to commercial flying. The Plaintiff’s
expert witness Peter Lee Kim Pong (“Peter”) also opined that most RSAF pilots
would transit to become commercial pilots, although his view on this aspect is
purely anecdotal and unsupported by any evidence as well. He highlighted,
however, the various on-going schemes RSAF and SIA have in place under which
RSAF pilots can cross over to SIA. These include the RSAF-SIA Pilot scheme
which applies to RSAF pilots under the age of 39, the RSAF-SIA Senior Pilot
Scheme which applies to RSAF pilots in the age bracket of 41 to 43 years, and
the schemes for RSAF pilots to transit to Silkair or SIA Cargo[note: 12]. The
existence of these schemes is not in dispute, neither has evidence been
produced to show that they are no longer in place. Given that it would be
mostly up to the individual to decide whether to transit, I am of the view
that the question of whether most RSAF pilots transit to commercial flying
would be of little relevance. In our present case, the Plaintiff has stated
that he would want to do so in order to prolong his flying career. The issue
then would be the prospect of him being able to do so.

93 In this regard, the Defendant has pointed out that the current economic
climate has resulted in SIA having in response to business slowdown, to adopt
cost cutting measures such as reducing the number of pilots and freezing pilot
recruitment. This would result in a significantly reduced probability of RSAF
pilots transiting to SIA or other commercial airlines.

94 On the evidence, it is clear that an RSAF pilot would have the opportunity
to transit to a commercial airline, in particular SIA, between the time after
he has completed his 12-year contract to age 45 when he is due to retire from
the RSAF. It would be reasonable to expect them do so whether for higher
remuneration or to prolong their flying career. While I accept the Defendant’s
argument that the prospect of transition has diminished due to current
economic conditions, there is no evidence before me to suggest that it will no
longer be possible for RSAF pilots to do so. There would also be no basis for
assuming that the current economic climate would persist indefinitely for the
foreseeable future. I am of the view, therefore, that the Plaintiff would
still have had a real prospect of transiting to become a commercial pilot if
he had become a RSAF pilot.

Whether it is reasonable, based on the evidence available, to adopt the HR
career model as the basis for assessing the Plaintiff’s future earnings upon
his graduation from Purdue University?

95 In _Teo Ai Ling_ , the Court of Appeal had observed at [35] that:

… we would emphasise that where a claimant had indicated a clear intention to
enter a particular occupation, where there is a strong probability that he
would be able to enter that occupation, and where that occupation provides a
sufficiently certain career model for the estimation of LFE, the court would
adopt that occupation as the appropriate career model…

96 The Plaintiff has indicated in his affidavit that a class he had taken on
“Organizational Behaviour and Human Resource” at Purdue University had
captured his interest and that he intends to pursue a career in the HR
industry. He also expressed his belief that a career in HR will provide him
the option and flexibility to further his career in any sector[note: 13]. He
was candid, however, in his oral evidence at the assessment hearing that he
has not decided on the option but is “leaning towards HR”[note: 14].

97 According to the MOM’s Report on Wages in Singapore 2010, the average
monthly gross starting salary of a graduate with a Bachelor in Business
Management from NUS or SMU was $3,277[note: 15]. Although there is no
information available on the gross starting salary of a Management graduate
from Purdue University in Singapore, considering that the university is
relatively well ranked in the United States (23rd out of 62 universities), and
taking into account the Plaintiff’s positive existing Grade Point average of
3.7, I am of the view that he would be able to command a starting salary
commensurate with that of a Business Management graduate from NUS or SMU. The
starting gross starting salary of a HR manager between 25 – 29 years was
$3,700, according to the MOM’s report for 2011[note: 16]. The proximity in the
average starting gross salaries between the two is, in my opinion, relevant
consideration regarding the suitability of the HR career model as a model upon
which the Plaintiff’s future earnings after graduation from Purdue University
may be assessed. It provides basis, in my view, for the position that even if
the Plaintiff eventually decides not to join the HR industry, he is likely to
be able to find alternative employment at a similar level of remuneration. The
HR career model would thus be sufficiently representative of the Plaintiff’s
potential future earnings upon graduation from Purdue University.

98 The Defendant has raised the possibility that given the versatility of the
modules the Plaintiff has taken in Purdue University, a spectrum of career
opportunities would be available to him which may include those which would
offer a higher remuneration than a pilot, such as a trader or investment
banker. This, in my view, is speculation as the same argument can be made that
it is equally possible for the Plaintiff to embark on less lucrative careers.
The versatility of the subjects taken by the Plaintiff is in my opinion a
neutral factor. The Defendant has not adduced any evidence regarding the
prospect or probability of the Plaintiff embarking on a career as a trader or
investment banker. The Plaintiff has, on the other hand testified that finance
is not his passion and that given his susceptibility to epilepsy, he would not
be keen to join the high stress finance industry[note: 17].

99 The pilot career is a highly specialised and exclusive career given the
nature of the job and the highly selective process in the training of a pilot.
Although evidence on the remuneration of a RSAF pilot is not available other
than the starting salary, it would not be unreasonable, in my view, to assume
a degree of commensurability with that of a commercial pilot given the
similarity in skills set. In fact, I note that the starting pay of a fresh
RSAF pilot is slightly higher than that of the start point of a First
Officer’s pay scale based on the SIA Collective Agreement 78 of 2009. A quick
survey of MOM’s Reports on Wages (2010 and 2011) also reveals that there are
not many other careers with similar or higher remuneration than that of a
pilot. The chances or prospect of the Plaintiff embarking on a more lucrative
career must therefore, logically, be correspondingly slim. It would be unfair,
as such, to simply postulate the possibility of the Plaintiff embarking on a
more lucrative career.

100 I am therefore of the view that on the evidence available, it would be
reasonable to adopt the HR career model as the basis for assessing the
Plaintiff’s future earnings upon his graduation.

Whether based on the evidence available it would be too speculative to
calculate the Plaintiff’s LFE using the multiplicand-multiplier formula?

101 The Court of Appeal has, in the case of _Teo Ai Ling_ enunciated that the
method for assessing damages for loss of future is the multiplicand-multiplier
approach where Chao JA said at [37] :

Normally, damages on the basis of LFE are awarded when the injured party is
unable to go back to his pre-accident employment and has to take on a lower
paying job. _In such a case, the loss will be calculated based on a multiplier
and a multiplicand, the multiplicand being the monthly loss in pay and the
multiplier being the appropriate period over which to compute the loss_. In
contrast, where the injured party does not suffered an immediate wage
reduction (_eg_ , due to the compassion of the then employer: see _Smith_
([9]_supra_)) but there is a risk that he may lose that employment at some
point in the future and he may, as a result of his injury, be at a
disadvantage in getting another job or getting an equally well-paid job in the
open market, then the LEC would be the correct basis to compensate him for the
loss.

[emphasis added]

102 The position has been endorsed by the Court of Appeal in _Poh Huat Heng
Corp Pte Ltd v Hafizul Islam Kofil Uddin_ [2012] 3 SLR 1003 (“ _Poh Huat Heng_
”) at [38]. In _Lai Wai Keong Eugene v Loo Wei Yen_ [2013] SGHC 123 (“ _Lai
Wai Keong_ ”), Vinodh Coomaraswamy J held that the conventional multiplicand-
multiplier approach ought to be applied as a matter of precedent, principle
and policy. In his judgement at [24] and [25], he said :

We do not live in this hypothetical world. Economic conditions are not static.
And the court is sadly not omniscient. Where the principle of _restitutio in
integrum_ is applied in the real world to assessing lump sum compensation for
LFE, the assessment exercise is by its very nature fraught with imponderables.
The Court of Appeal has described it as an exercise in “crystal ball gazing
and peering into the future”: see _Koh Chai Kwang v Teo Ai Ling (by her next
friend, Chua Wee Bee)_ [2011] 3 SLR 610 at [48] (“ _Koh Chai Kwang_ ”). The
Privy Council has said that “the assessment of future economic loss involves a
double exercise in the art of prophesying not only what the future holds for
the injured plaintiff but also what the future would have held for him if he
had not been injured” (see _Paul v Rendell_ (1981) 55 ALJR 371 at 372).

The innumerable imponderables include contingencies _related_ to a particular
plaintiff and contingencies _unrelated_ to a particular plaintiff.

103 Vinodh J’s comments are especially poignant in the present case where this
court is faced with the task of assessing 2 sets of potential future earnings,
the first being what the Plaintiff could have earned as a pilot had the
accident not occurred, and the second, what he is now likely to earn after
graduating from university.

Multiplicand

104 There are 2 components to the appropriate multiplicand for the present
case. The first would be in respect of the pilot career model (hereinafter
referred to as the “pilot multiplicand”), and the second the HR career model
(hereinafter referred to as the “HR multiplicand”). The difference between the
2 multiplicand will be the multiplicand to be adopted for computation of the
Plaintiff’s LFE.

Pilot Multiplicand

105 The evidence on the remuneration of a RSAF pilot is unfortunately limited
to the starting pay which is $5,864.67 (excluding bonus). No information is
available regarding the estimated salary of a RSAF pilot at the conclusion of
the 12-year contract period or when he reaches 45 years of age. As such, it
would not be possible to work out an appropriate multiplicand for a RSAF pilot
career without engaging in speculation on the likely career progress and
salary points at the 12-year or 45-year marks. The Plaintiff has submitted
that this would not be an issue as he would have been able to transit to
commercial flying, and as such, the multiplicand can be derived by reference
to the salary scales of a commercial pilot. I agree with the Plaintiff that it
would be appropriate to do so, given the prospect of a RSAF pilot transiting
to commercial flying. As I have indicated at [99], it would not be
unreasonable to assume a degree of commensurability between the salaries of a
RSAF pilot and that of a commercial pilot. I do not think, as such, the point
of transit, which can occur at any point between the 12-year or 45-year mark,
would be an issue as it would be unlikely that a RSAF pilot would have to
incur a drastic pay cut, or enjoy a substantial pay raise upon transition. It
would be reasonable, as such, to assume a gradual upward trajectory in the
remuneration of a RSAF pilot transiting to become a commercial pilot.

106 The Plaintiff has referred to several sources on the remuneration of
commercial pilots. These include MOM’s Report on Wages for 2003, and the
various collective agreements between SIA and the Airline Pilots’ Association.
I have adopted the SIA Collective Agreement 78 of 2009 on the basis that it
represents the most current salary figures for airline commercial pilots
available before me. According to the SIA Collective Agreement 78 of 2009, the
basic salary scale of a Captain is between $11,200 / $11,650 to $19,250 per
month[note: 18]. The pilot multiplicand can thus be derived by taking the
difference between the starting salary of a RSAF pilot and the mean of the
Captain’s salary scale. The pilot multiplicand would thus be as follows :

(a) {$5,864.67 + [($11,200 + $11,650) / 2 + $19,250] / 2} / 2

= $10,600 (rounded to nearest dollar)

107 The Plaintiff has submitted for bonuses and allowances to be worked into
the multiplicand. I am of the view that it would not be appropriate to do so
as no evidence has been adduced before me regarding the nature of these
bonuses and allowances, as well as how they are derived. There is no evidence
before me concerning the bonuses and allowances a RSAF pilot can expect to
receive. As for the bonuses and allowances of a commercial pilot, although
Peter Lee has given oral evidence that SIA’s bonuses has been typically 4
months in the last 10 years, this is not supported by any evidence. I am
therefore not prepared to accept his evidence. While the SIA collective
agreements may have set out the various types of allowances payable, it is
difficult to estimate how much would have been paid on a monthly or yearly
basis given that it would depend on actual deployment of the pilot. Given the
above, it would be entirely speculative to estimate the total bonuses and
allowances a RSAF pilot transiting to become a commercial pilot will receive
during the course of his career. I am of the view, though, that it would be
reasonable to include a 13th month AWS component. This would be in accord with
the Civil Service remuneration. In the SIA Collective Agreement 67 of 2005,
there is provision as well for a fixed AWS at [55][note: 19]. As such, the
final pilot multiplicand would be :

(a) ($10,600 x 13) / 12 = $11,483 (round to the nearest dollar)

HR Multiplicand

108 Both the Plaintiff and Defendant led evidence from their respective
experts regarding the potential future earnings of a HR professional. The
Plaintiff’s expert, Peter based his calculation on MOM’s Report on Wages in
Singapore 2011. The MOM occupational wage survey, which is based on all CPF-
paying jobs, covers 3,869 private sector establishments and more than 262,000
employees[note: 20]. The Defendant’s expert, Edmund Tan Peng Yew (“Edmund”)
based his calculations on consultant survey market data reports from 2
consultant survey companies, Concentric Human Capital Pte Ltd and Mercer
Singapore Pte Ltd. The sample size for the database adopted by Edmund is
narrower covering 92 to over 107 Singapore-based companies representing 132 to
144 employees. The overall database is from 730 organisations. There is,
however, a fundamental difference, in my view, in the respective terms of
reference of the 2 experts. Peter was retained to provide an opinion on the
total average career earnings of a HR professional in Singapore, while
Edmund’s instruction was to provide an opinion on the earnings potential of a
Purdue University graduate employed in Singapore within the HR industry.

109 The criticisms levied by Peter on Edmund’s approach can be summarised as
follows :

i) consultant surveys, which are conducted for the main purpose of salary
benchmarking, typically suffers from bias such as participating companies
being selective in the companies they would like to benchmark themselves
against in order to justify upward salary adjustments;

ii) the sample size of the database of 107 and 92 companies is too small and
does not sufficiently represent HR jobs and salaries in Singapore;

iii) the career trajectories compiled are unrealistic and elitist based on the
number of major promotions assumed over the career life span.

110 Edmund’s comments, regarding the MOM Report which Peter adopted in his
approach are, in turn, as follows :

i) the salary information provided to MOM by employers is based on job titles
and may not sufficiently distinguish and hence accurately reflect the
different levels of skills and experience employees possess;

ii) the wage information in MOM’s report does not provide any distinction
based on academic qualifications;

iii) the report only covers CPF contributors in full-time employment in the
private sector and ignores employees in the public sector and employment pass
holders which makes up about 300,000 employees;

iv) although the MOM survey covers 3,869 companies, there were only 1,204
salary data points for the job of HR manager.

111 I am of the view that the difference in approach by both experts can be
attributed largely to their different terms of reference. Given the more
specific terms of Edmund, his approach using consultant surveys instead of the
MOM survey data is reasonable. For the purpose of the present assessment,
Edmund’s terms would, in my view, be closer to the objective of assessing the
Plaintiff’s potential future earnings should he join the HR industry for the
reason that it takes into account the profile of the Plaintiff as a graduate
from a relatively reputable university who would be inclined towards obtaining
employment in the types of companies and organisations covered by Edmund in
his sample data, namely multi-national companies, large local companies,
government ministries, statutory boards, linked private companies and larger
firms in the Small and Medium Enterprises group[note: 21]. It is pertinent
that the Plaintiff has agreed during cross-examination that he would want to
pursue a career in the types of organisations covered in Edmund’s sample data
:

Counsel : |  Your parents spent nearly $300k, and you said they actually took a loan, wouldn’t you agree that you’d want to seek a job with higher earnings?  
---|---  
Plaintiff : |  Yes  
Counsel : |  You agree that you are likely to look for a job with a medium or large company or even MNC?  
Plaintiff : |  Can’t say for sure now, I’m still very unsure about what’s going to happen.  
Counsel : |  Following up on your point about maximising your parent’s investment in your education, it would be logical that you’d want to pursue a career in companies such as Apple, IBM etc that will pay you better?  
Plaintiff : |  Yes, if they should pay more  
  
  

112 Although Peter has strongly criticised consultant surveys as being biased
and subject to manipulation, it does not appear that the criticism extended to
the salary data relied upon in consultant surveys. He agreed that the salaries
reflected in such surveys are salaries paid in real life[note: 22]. It would
also appear during the course of his evidence at the assessment hearing that
his criticism was directed at the consultant surveys rather than the salary
data applied in these surveys[note: 23]:

Counsel: |  Numbers are numbers, and the data is there. It depends on how people use them, when consultant surveys use them, there’s a certain direction or slant?  
---|---  
Lee: |  Depending on the target customer, _the processing of the data would be customised specifically to the customers’ parameters or needs_. So in other words, there are reports and there are reports. You may have someone preparing a main report, but certain customers may require specific reports to fit their purpose, so the processing will be different.  
Tan: |  Pertinent to 5.2.3 then _would Mr Lee be saying that the survey information used was custom written for my analysis_?  
Lee: |  _The comment is supposed to apply to consultant surveys in general_. This is a fact. I would say this to the whole wide world. So I don’t understand your question.  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

113 It is noteworthy that Peter has not at any point in time suggested that
Edmund had manipulated the salary data to achieve any particular outcome.
Given the nature of Edmund’s terms of reference, which, in my view, is
different from the typical objectives of the consultant surveys, I am of the
view that the criticism levied by Peter against consultant surveys has no
bearing on the reliability of Edmund’s report.

114 With regard to the seemingly narrow range of the salary data relied upon
by Edmund, I note that he had in fact reviewed data from over 700 odd
companies with a total of 1,805 observations or data points[note: 24], out of
which a snapshot of 107 companies and 144 employees were taken. As such, in
terms of the scope of his survey at least, it would be comparable to that of
the MOM’s report which contained 1,204 data points. The adoption of a narrower
range to match the profile of the Plaintiff is, in my view, legitimate as it
would logically lead to greater accuracy in projecting potential future
earnings of someone with a particular profile as compared to merely looking at
a set of broad brushed salary data. It is also pertinent in my view that the
data adopted by Edmund contains differentiation by job sizes and levels,
compared to MOM’s data which are differentiated only by job title. This would
tend to offer a more accurate picture of the salaries currently being paid in
the HR industry.

115 As for the criticism by Peter that the career trajectories compiled by
Edmund are unrealistic and elitist based on the number of major promotions
assumed over the career life span, I note that Peter has not explained why he
considers the number assumed to be unrealistic. His explanation for his view
that the trajectories were “elitist”, which is that companies would prefer to
benchmark themselves against higher wages in order to justify paying higher
salaries, also appears to be related to his views regarding the general
susceptibility of consultant-surveys to bias and manipulation[note: 25].

116 Having considered the reports of both experts, as well as their testimony
at the assessment hearing, I am of the view that Edmund’s approach in
assessing the Plaintiff’s earnings potential in the HR industry is to be
preferred over the broad brushed approach adopted by Peter.

117 Edmund has worked out 2 possible career trajectories in his report. The
first postulates that the Plaintiff would achieve the apex position of a HR
director or equivalent. The second has a lower apex of a Senior Manager. In
the sample database he had adopted, the number of HR director level positions
comprises only 2% of the total number of salary data points. It would also be
logical to assume that the chances of an individual attaining the apex
position of a HR director would be significantly lesser than a HR manager or
senior manager. In the circumstances, I am not prepared to adopt the first
trajectory for the purposes of deriving the HR multiplicand. I take the view
that the second trajectory would be a more realistic model of the Plaintiff’s
potential career in the HR industry.

118 The second trajectory projects an entry level annual salary of $37,000 and
the apex position of a Senior Manager with an annual salary of $162,000. The
HR multiplicand would therefore be:

(a) [($162,000 + $37,000) / 2] / 12 = $8,292 (rounded to the nearest dollar)

119 The eventual multiplicand for calculation of the Plaintiff’s LFE would
thus be:

(a) $11,483 - $8,292 = $3,191

Multiplier

120 The principles for determining the appropriate multiplier has been clearly
set out in _Poh Huat Heng_. It would be useful to reproduce the relevant
portion of Chao JA’s judgement at [46] to [47]:

46 It is common ground between the parties that the task of the court in
assessing damages in personal injury cases is to arrive at a lump sum which
represents as nearly as possible full compensation for the injuries which the
plaintiff has suffered. This means that an award for loss of future income
should, as far as reasonably possible, provide the plaintiff with the income
that he would have earned but for the accident which caused his injuries
(referred to hereafter as "the accident" for short). Therefore, the starting
point for determining the appropriate multiplier must be the likely duration,
after the trial, for which the plaintiff would have been expected to earn an
income but for the accident (see the decision of the Privy Council in _Lai Wee
Lian v Singapore Bus Service (1978) Ltd_ [1983-1984] SLR(R) 388 ("_Lai Wee
Lian_ ") at [20]). The underlying objective in fixing the multiplier is to
derive a final award that provides the plaintiff with _full compensation_ to
the nearest extent possible (see the House of Lords decision of _Wells v
Wells_ [1999] 1 AC 345 ("_Wells_ ") at 363).

47 The duration for which the plaintiff would have been expected to earn an
income if not for the accident must, however, be discounted to account for
three contingent factors so that the plaintiff will not be over-compensated
(see _Wells_ at 364-365 and 372):

(a) _First_ , the plaintiff might well have stopped working for reasons other
than the accident (see also _Lai Wee Lian_ at [20]). Admittedly, where there
is an _agreed_ life expectancy, that in itself would take into account some
contingencies such as premature death (see _Wells_ at 378-379). But, that is
not all. A discount may also be appropriate, even in the context of an agreed
life expectancy, if there is a need to account for other contingencies such as
the possibility that the plaintiff might not have been able to find work
despite being physically able to work.

(b) _Second_ , the plaintiff will be receiving a lump sum award in advance of
the dates when he would have actually received his future income but for the
accident (see _Lai Wee Lian_ at [20] and _Wells_ at 364-365). Therefore, the
multiplier must be discounted to account for the possible investment gains
that the plaintiff would be expected to attain as a result of the accelerated
receipt of his future earnings.

(c) _Third_ , the plaintiff should be protected against the effects of future
inflation (see _Wells_ at 372-373). The real value of the lump sum awarded to
the plaintiff will be reduced with time as a result of inflation.

The Court of Appeal then held at [48], after reviewing the approaches adopted
in the U.K., Canada, Australia and New Zealand, that the appropriate
approaches to adopt in Singapore should be :

(a) One approach is to fix the multiplier by looking at the multipliers used
in comparable cases. This is the approach adopted in some Singapore cases
(see, for example, _Loh Chia Mei v Koh Kok Han_ [2009] SGHC 181 at [41]). As
the Appellants have pointed out, this is also the approach taken by the Hong
Kong courts (see, _eg_ , the decision of the Hong Kong Court of Appeal in
_Chan Pui-ki v Leung On_ [1996] 2 HKLR 401 at 421C-421I).

(b) Another approach is to apply a pure arithmetical discount. The multiplier
may be determined by discounting the plaintiff's stream of income over his
expected working life by an appropriate rate (see _Lai Wee Lian Revisited_ at
368-370). A further discount may be applied to account for contingencies,
which was the approach taken in the Singapore High Court decision of _Shaw
Linda Gillian v Chai Kang Wei Samuel_ [2009] SGHC 187 ("_Shaw Linda Gillian
(HC)_ ") at [31]. In that case, the High Court judge applied a further
discount for "the vicissitudes of life" (at [31]). The defendant's appeal
against the High Court's decision was allowed in part, but the High Court's
decision on the loss of future earnings award was not disturbed (see _Shaw
Linda Gillian (CA)_ ([32]_supra_) at [32]).

121 The Plaintiff is presently 26 years of age. Adopting a retirement age of
62, the remaining years of working life would be 36. The comparable cases for
reference in determining the appropriate multiplier are as follows :

(a) In _Lai Chi Kay_ , the plaintiff was 24 years old at the time of the
accident with 29 remaining years of working life. A multiplier of 15 was
applied;

(b) In _Teo Seng Kiat v Goh Hwa Teck_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 333, the plaintiff was
26 years of age at the time of the accident with 39 remaining years of working
life. A multiplier of 18 was applied;

(c) In _Teo Sing Keng_ , a multiplier of 15 was applied where the plaintiff
was 25 years old at the time of the accident;

(d) In _Teo Ai Ling(HC)_ \- the plaintiff was 20 years of age at the time of
the accident. A multiplier of 20 was applied;

(e) In _Lee Wei Kong_ \- the plaintiff was 22 years of age at the time of the
hearing. The Court of Appeal endorsed the multiplier of 20 after referring to
_Teo Ai Ling(HC)_ ;

(f) In _Poh Huat Heng_ \- the plaintiff was 27 years of age at the time of the
accident and would have worked for a further 38 years till 65 years of age. A
multiplier of 17 was adopted;

(g) In _Lai Wai Keong_ \- the plaintiff was 39 years of age at the time of the
accident and had 23 remaining years of working life based on the retirement
age of 62. A multiplier of 13 was applied.

122 Based on the cases above, I am of the view that a multiplier of 18 would
be appropriate. There would, however, be a need to impose an additional
reduction to the multiplier to reflect the chance of the Plaintiff not making
it through the pilot training programme and becoming a full-fledged pilot. I
am of the view that the multiplier should be reduced to 13.

123 The total LFE to be awarded to the Plaintiff would therefore be :

$3,191 x 12 x 13 =$497,796

Overseas education expenses

124 The Plaintiff has claimed for damages for his overseas education expenses
on the premise that these were reasonably incurred in order to mitigate his
loss of future earnings. These include the Purdue University fees, lodging and
living expenses in the United States, and other related expenses. The total
quantum is $260,006.80.

125 The meaning and scope of mitigation in the context of assessment of
damages can be found at para 7-003 to 7-006 of _McGregor On Damages_ (18th
Edition). It comprises 3 rules :

(1) the claimant must take all reasonable steps to mitigate the loss to him
and cannot recover for any such loss which he could have avoided;

(2) where the claimant takes reasonable steps to mitigate his loss, he can
recover for loss incurred in taking such steps;

(3) where the claimant does take reasonable steps to avoid loss and is
successful in doing so, he cannot claim for the loss avoided.

126 It is trite that the question of mitigation of damage is a question of
fact – _Payzu v Saunders_ [1919] 2 K.B. 581 CA at 588.

127 At the time of the accident, the Plaintiff had only a diploma in aerospace
technology. It is not in dispute that with that qualification, the Plaintiff
would have been able to command a starting salary of about $2,300. This would
be about 30% lower than the starting salary a Business Management graduate
from NUS or SMU can expect to earn and about 38% lower than the starting pay
of a HR professional. There is no information before me regarding the
potential future earnings of someone with a diploma in aerospace technology.
It would not be possible, as such, to estimate the total loss the Plaintiff
would avoid. But it is clear, nevertheless that the Purdue University
education has mitigated the Plaintiff’s loss of future earnings. The issue
that arises then would be the reasonableness of the step taken by the
Plaintiff in pursuing his further education at Purdue University.

128 As set out at [83] above, a claimant is required only to take reasonable
steps to mitigate the loss to him, and that the test for reasonableness is
objective, but takes into account subjective factual circumstances – _The
“Asia Star”_ , _Sim Ban Kiat_. The standard of reasonableness is, however, not
high – _Bamco de Portugal v Waterloo & sons, Limited_ [1932] 1 AC 452 where
Lord Macmillan said at 506:

…The law is satisfied if the party placed in a difficult situation by reason
of the breach of a duty owed to him has acted reasonably in the adoption of
remedial measures, and he will not be held disentitled to recover the cost of
such measures merely because the party in breach can suggest that other less
burdensome to him might have been taken.

129 In _Darbishire v Warren_ [1963] 1 WLR 1067, Pearson LJ said at 1075:

The plaintiff is not under any actual obligation to adopt the cheaper method:
if he wishes to adopt the more expensive method, he is at liberty to do so and
by doing so he commits no wrong against the defendant or anyone else. The true
meaning is that the plaintiff is not entitled to charge the defendant by way
of damages with any greater sum than that which he reasonably needs to expend
for the purpose of making good the loss. In short he is fully entitled to be
as extravagant as he pleases but not at the expense of the defendant.

130 The Defendant has contended that it was unreasonable for the Plaintiff to
have elected to pursue his further education abroad when there are local
universities to which he could have applied to. These include NUS, NTU, SMU
and SIM/RMIT. A table[note: 26] setting out the comparative expenses the
Plaintiff would have incurred if he had pursued a local degree programme was
furnished by the Defendant. The figures showed that the Purdue University
education cost between 40% and 70% more.

131 The Plaintiff has claimed that with his GPA of only 2.25 out of 4 at the
material time, it would not have been possible for him to get into the
business degree programme in NUS, NTU or SMU, which was why he did not even
attempt to apply. It is clear from the evidence adduced that the Plaintiff
would be unlikely to have qualified for any of the courses in NUS, NTU or SMU
at the time based on his GPA. As for the SIM/RMIT management business
programme which, besides costing less, would have also allowed the Plaintiff
to obtain his degree in 2 years rather than 4 given his diploma qualification,
the Plaintiff claimed that he believed he would not be able to command as high
a salary as a Purdue University graduate. In this regard, the Plaintiff
referred to an article on the Straits Times (“ST”) which reported that
graduates from SIM were paid lower starting salaries than their counterparts
from NUS, SMU and NTU. According to the article, SIM graduates were typically
paid a starting salary of between $2,400 and $2,600 while graduates from the
other 3 universities enjoyed starting salaries of $3,000 and above[note: 27].
SIM has also confirmed that starting salaries for their graduates start
approximately from $2,000[note: 28].

132 Based on the evidence adduced, I am of the view that the Plaintiff had not
acted unreasonably in not applying to NUS, NTU or SMU as it would have been
highly probable that he would not be accepted. As for the SIM/RMIT option, it
would be useful to compare the starting salary of a holder of a diploma in
aerospace technology, which was the Plaintiff’s qualification at the time of
the accident, with the starting salaries of SIM graduates. The former can
command a starting salary of about $2,300. This is nearly commensurate with
the starting salaries of a SIM global education graduate of between $2,400 to
$2,600, and higher than the starting salary of $2,000 for a fresh SIM graduate
in the HR industry, as informed by SIM[note: 29]. The Plaintiff’s belief that
he would not be able to command as high a salary is thus justified. It would
not therefore have been unreasonable, in my opinion, for the Plaintiff not to
have taken up the option even if he had considered it at the time.

133 A Purdue University degree, in contrast, would have enabled the Plaintiff
to command a starting salary commensurate with those of business graduates
from NUS, NTU or SMU – see [97] above. The evidence is clear, however, that
the Plaintiff had not explored any alternative options to pursuing a degree in
Purdue University, including the option of pursuing his degree in another
country such as Australia or the United Kingdom. The failure to do so by the
Plaintiff may be a ground for finding that the Plaintiff had not acted
reasonably. There is, however, no evidence before me regarding the options
available in these other countries and the relative expenses likely to be
incurred. I am, as such, unable to assess the reasonableness of the
Plaintiff’s decision in comparison with pursuing his further education in
another country. Given the lack of local options available to the Plaintiff at
the time, I am of the view that his decision to pursue his further education
in Purdue University is not unreasonable. The relevant expenses incurred
should therefore be recoverable.

134 The quantum of $260,006.80 claimed by the Plaintiff consists of 3
components, namely university and related administrative fees, living expenses
and air ticket expenses. The living expenses in turn consist of the sub-
components accommodation, books/supplies, transportation and miscellaneous
expenses. I am of the view that a deduction of 50% should be applied to the
transportation and miscellaneous expenses to reflect the expenses the
Plaintiff would have incurred anyway during the same period if he had not gone
to Purdue University. I am further of the view that it would not be
appropriate for the award to cover return airfare for every year of study. I
will only allow the flight expenses for the trip to the United States in 2010
and the return trip to Singapore upon completion of the degree programme to be
included. The final quantum awarded would therefore be $249,241 (rounded to
nearest dollar).

Conclusion

135 The damages to be awarded on a 100% basis to the Plaintiff is thus as
follows :

Pain and suffering |  $42,000  
---|---  
Pre-trial loss of earnings |  $174,161  
Loss of future earnings |  $497,796  
University education expenses |  $249,241  
Total |  $963,198  
  
  

136 I will award interest at 5.33% per annum from the date of service of the
writ to the date of judgement on general damages for pain and suffering, and
interest at 2.67% per annum from the date of the accident to the date of
judgement on special damages already incurred excluding any interim payment
made.

137 Costs to be agreed or taxed. The usual consequential orders will apply.

* * *

[note: 1]See page 27 of ABD.

[note: 2]See page 31 of ABD.

[note: 3]See MCs dated 29/9/09 and 5/10/09 at page 103 of ABD.

[note: 4]See page 40 of ABD.

[note: 5]See page 68 of ABD.

[note: 6]See page 62 of ABD.

[note: 7]See NE (20/05) at page 28 lines 20 – 25.

[note: 8]See page 56 of ABD.

[note: 9]See email dated 12 January 2011 at page 56 of ABD.

[note: 10]See NE (20/05) at page 16 lines 7 – 13.

[note: 11]See Willie Chew’s affidavit at [29] to [31].

[note: 12]Peter’s expert report at paragraph 6.3.2, page 56 of BOA1.

[note: 13]See Plaintiff’s AEIC at [20] and [72].

[note: 14]See NE (20/05) at page 20 Lines 17 – 18.

[note: 15]See page 224 of ABD.

[note: 16]See page 153 of BOA1.

[note: 17]See NE (20/05) at page 21 lines 2 – 4.

[note: 18]See exhibit 14 to Peter’s report at 171 of BOA1.

[note: 19]See page 225 of BOA1.

[note: 20]See MOM Report (2011) at page 83 of DBD1.

[note: 21]See response no. 9 of Edmund’s report titled “Answers to Plaintiff’s
Questions” at page 362 of BOA2.

[note: 22]NE (21/05) page 26 lines 26 - 32

[note: 23]NE (21/05) page 4 lines 27 – 32 and page 5 lines 1 – 10

[note: 24]See Appendix D to Edmund’s report at page 333 to 343 of BOA2

[note: 25]See paragraph 5.3.3 of Peter Lee’s report at page 45 of BOA1

[note: 26]See D1.

[note: 27]See P4 – ST article dated 8 June 2012.

[note: 28]See P5 - email dated 22 May 2013.

[note: 29]See P4.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

