Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Liau Cheng Mee James & another _v_ Liau Ee Ling Julie  
[2013] SGHC 147

Case Number| :| Suit No 693 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Edmond Pereira (Edmond Pereira Law Corporation) for the
plaintiffs; Lucy Netto (Netto & Magin LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Liau Cheng Mee James & another — Liau Ee Ling Julie  
  
31 July 2013|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

1 This case concerned the estate of one Madam Liau Siew Lan nee Teo Siew Lan
(“the Deceased”). The plaintiffs and the defendant (“the parties”) are
children of the Deceased. Under the terms of the Deceased’s will, the parties
were appointed as joint executors and trustees of the will. The parties were
also beneficiaries under the will. The plaintiffs sought the following orders
from the court:

(a) A declaration that the expenses incurred by the plaintiffs in the
discharge of their duties as executor and executrix of the estate of the
Deceased as outlined in sub-paragraphs 6(a) and (c) of the statement of claim
and in the sums of $6,476.90, $11,879.56 and $6,000 be part of the expenses of
the estate of the Deceased and be paid to the plaintiffs.

(b) A declaration that the sum of $66,100, being the commission paid to the
property agents, be considered an expense that arose as a result of the sale
of the property and be part of the expenses of the estate of the Deceased.

(c) That the balance proceeds in the OCBC estate account be distributed in
equal shares to the three beneficiaries of the estate of the Deceased.

2 In the counterclaim, the defendant prayed for the following orders:

(a) That the plaintiffs as executors do provide an account of the Deceased’s
estate of $6,779,087.49.

(b) That the defendant’s claim of $5,401.83 be paid out of the Deceased’s
estate.

3 On 8 July 2013, I made the following orders in an oral judgment:

(a) I granted a declaration that the expenses of $6,476.90 and $11,879.56,
incurred by the plaintiffs in their discharge of their duties as executors of
the estate, form part of the expenses of the estate. The sum of $6,476.90
should be paid to the plaintiffs from the estate as the plaintiffs had paid
for this sum personally. As for the sum of $11,879.56, this had already been
paid by the Estate and no reimbursement to the plaintiffs was necessary.

(b) I did not allow the alleged sum of $6,000 in funeral expenses to form part
of the expenses of the estate because this sum was not substantiated by any
documentary evidence.

(c) I allowed the sum of $66,100, being the commission paid to the property
agents (DTZ Debenham Tie Leung (SEA) Pte Ltd), to form part of the expenses of
the estate.

(d) The defendant’s counterclaims were dismissed, save for the $600 expense
incurred by the defendant for moving the furniture out of the Deceased’s
property. Accordingly, the estate was to reimburse the defendant for this $600
expense.

(e) There was no need to further account for the sum of $6,610,000 as this had
already been accounted for by the plaintiffs.

(f) The plaintiffs were not required to account for the said sum of
$129,087.49.

(g) I ordered the distribution of the balance proceeds in the OCBC estate
account to the plaintiffs and defendant, who are the beneficiaries of the
estate of the Deceased, in equal shares.

(h) Costs were to be paid by the defendant to the plaintiffs, to be taxed if
not agreed.

4 The defendant has appealed against the whole of my decision. I now set out
my reasons.

The sums of $6,476.90 and $11,879.56 as expenses of the estate

5 The sums of $6,476.90 and $11,879.56 represented the legal fees of May Oh &
Wee and Edmond Pereira & Partners respectively for work done in obtaining the
grant of probate. These expenses were plainly necessary for the administration
of the Deceased’s estate. The defendant argued that there was an understanding
reached between the parties on 1 February 2008 that the parties (and not the
estate) would bear the costs of their respective lawyers. In my judgment, the
defendant’s contention was not supported by the documentary evidence. In
particular, the contemporaneous notes that were allegedly taken at the 1
February 2008 meeting referred to matters that were irrelevant for the
purposes of the present suit. I did not believe that an understanding was ever
reached such that the plaintiffs had to bear personally the legal costs of
obtaining the grant of probate.

The sum of $66,100 as an expense of the estate

6 The sum of $66,100 represented the 1% commission paid to the property agent
for the sale of the Deceased’s property at $6,610,000. The defendant managed
to find a buyer who made an offer of $6,538,888 (without commission) for the
property. However, this offer was still lower than the eventual sale price of
$6,610,000 even after the 1% commission was taken into account. It was also
not disputed between the parties that the closed tender process conducted by
the property agent produced the highest offer for the Deceased’s property. I
therefore found no credible objection to the sum of $66,100 being declared as
an expense of the estate.

The counterclaims

7 The defendant made a claim of $5,401.83 for, _inter alia_ , expenses in
relation to the upkeep of the Deceased’s property. I found that the
defendant’s claim was not supported by proper documentary evidence because the
alleged receipts that she presented appeared to have been typed out by the
defendant herself. The only exception I found was the receipt issued by The
Salvation Army and I accordingly allowed her claim of $600 for that receipt.

8 I declined to order that the plaintiffs further account for the sum of
$6,610,000 as this had been fully accounted for by the plaintiffs in their
letter to the defendant dated 4 November 2010.

9 Similarly, I did not require the 2nd plaintiff to further account for the
sum of $129,087.49 because she had already given an account of it at the
trial. I was satisfied with her detailed explanation on how she had used the
monies from the joint account for the benefit of the Deceased when she was
alive and thereafter, how she had expended further sums for the purpose of
maintaining the Deceased’s property (_ie_ , gardening fees, property tax and
utilities). She also paid out a total sum of $100,000 from that account in
order to discharge the NTUC reverse mortgage on the Deceased’s property. After
paying for these expenses, the balance amount was paid into the estate account
for distribution according to the will as the 2nd plaintiff had decided not to
claim any money in the joint account for herself. I found that she had fully
accounted for the use of the monies in the joint account.

Conclusion

10 For the foregoing reasons, I allowed the majority of the plaintiffs’ claims
and dismissed almost the entirety of the defendant’s counterclaim. I ordered
costs to be paid by the defendant to the plaintiffs, to be taxed if not
agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

