Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Li Weiming and other matters _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 69

Case Number| :| Criminal Revision Nos 24, 25 and 26 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 March 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lok Vi Ming SC, Kang Yu Hsien Derek and Tang Jin Sheng
(Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the applicant in Criminal Revision No 24 of 2012;
Lai Yew Fai and Alec Tan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the applicant in Criminal
Revision No 25 of 2012; Tay Wei Loong Julian, Marcus Foong and Jacklyn Chan
(Lee & Lee) for the applicant in Criminal Revision No 26 of 2012; Alan Loh and
Dennis Tan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Li Weiming — Public Prosecutor  
  
27 March 2013|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 These three criminal revision applications were filed pursuant to s 404 of
the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Act 15 of 2010) (“CPC 2010”) by three
petitioners seeking the revision of orders made by the District Court on 23
November 2012. The underlying legal dispute revolved around the Prosecution’s
discovery obligations under the Criminal Case Disclosure Conference (“CCDC”)
regime introduced by the CPC 2010. In particular, it pertained to the extent
to which the summary of facts in the disclosed Case for the Prosecution had to
contain particulars “in support of” the charge.

The parties to the dispute

2 The 1st petitioner, Mr Li Weiming (alias Stephen), was an employee of ZTE
Corporation (“ZTE”) in 2006 and was ZTE’s chief representative for Brunei,
Papua New Guinea and the South Pacific Islands from 2010.[note: 1] ZTE is
headquartered in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic of China, and is a large
vendor of information technology (“IT”) and telecommunications
equipment.[note: 2] Sometime in 2010, ZTE was awarded a project worth US$35m
as the main contractor for an ambitious community college project in Papua New
Guinea. The project envisioned the creation of a virtual university network
anchored by 89 community colleges throughout the country.[note: 3] All three
petitioners were involved in the discussions which led to the award of the
project to ZTE.

3 The 2nd petitioner, Ms Lim Ai Wah, is the director of Questzone Offshore Pte
Ltd (“Questzone”), a British Virgin Islands company of which she is the sole
member apart from her sister, Ms Lim Swee Kheng, who is a nominal
director.[note: 4] Questzone was allegedly set up for the sole purpose of
receiving commission payments from ZTE arising from the award of the community
college project in Papua New Guinea.[note: 5]

4 The 3rd petitioner, Mr Thomas Philip Doehrman, is Ms Lim Ai Wah’s husband.
He assists the Papua New Guinea government under a trust for the community
college project (“the ITE trust”).[note: 6] Together with the 2nd petitioner,
he is also a director of Quest Petroleum (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Quest
Petroleum”), which provides consultancy, natural resource, IT and mining
services to foreign companies.[note: 7] Quest Petroleum was created in the
late 1990s when the 3rd petitioner began to conduct business in Papua New
Guinea.[note: 8]

The charges

5 Each of the petitioners faces six charges. These consist of a single charge
under s 477A read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal
Code”), and five charges under s 47(1)(_b_) of the Corruption, Drug
Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A,
2000 Rev Ed) (“CDSA”).

6 The charge under s 477A of the Penal Code (“s 477A PC”) relates to an
alleged conspiracy between the petitioners to issue an invoice dated 15 July
2010 that “falsely purported to seek payment to Questzone as a sub-contractor
under a fictitious sub-contract”.[note: 9] This invoice was issued by
Questzone to ZTE. The CDSA charges pertain to five separate payments made by
Questzone to the petitioners out of the proceeds gained from the s 477A PC
offence.

The prelude to the present applications

7 The Case for the Prosecution in respect of the charges brought against each
of the petitioners was filed and served on 13 September 2012. Each Case for
the Prosecution contained the relevant charges, a list of witnesses, a list of
exhibits, statements from the petitioner charged and a summary of facts.

8 The summary of facts for the s 477A PC charge replicated the charge apart
from additional details as to the events which followed from the alleged
offence. It stated that sometime in July 2010, the 2nd petitioner passed the
allegedly falsified invoice dated 15 July 2010 to the 1st petitioner in
Singapore, which the 1st petitioner then forwarded to ZTE’s Singapore branch
office. Further:[note: 10]

… On or about 31 July 2010, having approved the payment of US$3.6 million to
Questzone in accordance with the Invoice and the fictitious contract between
ZTE and Questzone, ZTE effected the said payment of US$3.6 million through its
Hong Kong subsidiary, ZTE (HK) Limited via a telegraphic transfer to
Questzone’s Standard Chartered Bank Account (account number: [xxx]) in
Singapore (“the Questzone account”).

9 Each of the summaries of facts for the remaining five charges under the CDSA
was completely identical to the corresponding charge, and included no
additional particulars.

10 On 11 October 2012, each of the petitioners brought an application under s
162(_b_) read with s 169(2) of the CPC 2010 seeking either a discharge not
amounting to an acquittal (“DNAQ”) or an order for further particulars. Each
application was predicated upon the Prosecution’s purported failure to comply
with the requirements of s 162 of the CPC 2010 in its disclosed summary of
facts. The further particulars sought related to three key issues:

(a) the party whom the petitioners had allegedly conspired to defraud;

(b) the reasons why the sub-contract between ZTE and Questzone was allegedly
fictitious; and

(c) details of the alleged conspiracy between the petitioners.

11 The applications were dismissed by the District Court, albeit with an
acknowledgement that valid issues had been raised which should be dealt with
by the trial judge. This led to the petitioners’ present applications to the
High Court for a revision of the District Court’s order.

12 After hearing submissions from the respective parties, I ordered further
particulars in relation to issues (a) and (b) as stated in [10] above, but not
in relation to issue (c). I now offer the reasons for my decision.

The relevant legal provisions

13 The rules governing the CCDC procedure are set out in s 162 of the CPC
2010, which provides that:

**Contents of Case for the Prosecution**

**162**. The Case for the Prosecution must contain —

(_a_) the charge which the prosecution intends to proceed with at the trial;

(_b_) _a summary of the facts in support of the charge_ ;

(_c_) a list of the names of the witnesses for the prosecution;

...

[emphasis added]

14 Illustration (_b_) to s 162 offers an example of the application of s 162
to charges involving conspiracy. However, it will be seen that while this
illustration is not precisely on point as far as issues (a) and (b) as stated
in [10] above are concerned (see [32] below), it is clearly germane to issue
(c) as stated in [10] above. Illustration (_b_) reads as follows:

(_b_) _A_ is charged with conspiracy to cheat together with a known person and
an unknown person. The summary of facts should state —

(i) when and where the conspiracy took place; and

(ii) who the known conspirators were and what they did.

15 15 It should also be noted that the requirement of a summary of facts for
the Prosecution is only applicable for cases heard in the Subordinate Courts.
When a case is to be tried in the High Court, the committal hearing procedure
applies and no summary of facts needs to be tendered after the committal of
the accused for trial, although s 188(4)(_l_) of the CPC 2010 requires all
written statements which will be used as evidence to be disclosed to the
Defence.

Background to the CCDC regime

16 The CCDC regime was brought into being by the CPC 2010, which ushered in a
new era of pre-trial criminal discovery. At the second reading of the Criminal
Procedure Code Bill 2010 (Bill 11 of 2010), which was eventually enacted as
the CPC 2010, the Minister for Law, Mr K Shanmugam (“the Minister”), offered
the following exposition on the objectives of the new disclosure procedure
(see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (18 May 2010) vol 87
at col 487):

Disclosure is familiar to lawyers operating within the common law system. In
civil proceedings, the timely disclosure of information has _helped parties to
prepare for trial and assess their cases more fully_.

_Criminal cases can benefit from the same approach_. However, discovery in the
criminal context would need to be tailored to deal with complexities of
criminal practice, such as the danger of witnesses being suborned.

To this end, Part IX of the Bill introduces a formalised framework obliging
the prosecution and the defence to exchange relevant information about their
respective cases before trial. This will introduce _greater transparency and
consistency to the pre-trial process_.

...

The framework has a number of safeguards to try and prevent abuse. The
sequential nature of the process protects the interests of [the] prosecution
and [the] defence. The onus is on the prosecution to set out its case first,
with the accused’s statements that it is relying upon. The provision of all
statements after the defence case is filed cuts down on opportunities to
tailor evidence. At the same time, if either party refuses to file its case,
or files an incomplete case, or advances an argument at trial inconsistent
with its previously filed case, the Court may draw any inference it deems fit.
In addition, where the prosecution fails to comply with its obligations, the
Court may order a discharge not amounting to an acquittal. This approach tries
to ensure that _parties take discovery seriously_.

[emphasis added]

17 I have quoted these comments of the Minister _in extenso_ because they
offer the context within which to interpret the requirement in s 162(_b_) of
the CPC 2010 that the summary of facts in the Case for the Prosecution should
be “in support of the charge”. It is trite that the court should interpret a
provision of a written law in a manner which promotes the purpose or object
underlying that written law (see s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002
Rev Ed) and _Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 at
[39]–[49]). The Minister’s comments reveal unequivocally that the CCDC regime
was intended to precipitate a sea change in the criminal discovery process,
with the tide shifting towards greater transparency and parity between the
parties so as to help them prepare for trial. The requirement for a summary of
facts in the Case for the Prosecution is one element in this climactic change.
It is also noteworthy that the Case for the Prosecution is served before the
Case for the Defence, and, significantly, the CPC 2010 does not extend the
discretion to opt out of the CCDC process to the Prosecution. The Case for the
Prosecution therefore sets the tone both practically and figuratively for the
entire CCDC regime.

18 As I see it, the express requirement that a summary of facts be included in
the Case for the Prosecution must have been _for a purpose_. It is a basic
premise of statutory interpretation that Parliament does nothing in vain. This
was applied by the English Court of Appeal as a “presumption” in _Halki
Shipping Corporation v Sopex Oils Ltd_ [1998] 1 WLR 726 at 749 and as a “rule”
in _Regina v Richmond upon Thames London Borough Council_ , Ex parte _Watson;
Regina v Redcar and Cleveland Borough Council_ , Ex parte _Armstrong; Regina v
Manchester City Council_ , Ex parte _Stennett; Regina v Harrow London Borough
Council_ , Ex parte _Cobham_ [2001] QB 370 at 385. The same proposition has
also been expressly applied by our High Court in _Wong Seng Kwan v Public
Prosecutor_ [2012] 3 SLR 12 at [42] and [51] and _Ramanathan Yogendran v
Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 471 (“ _Ramanathan_ ”). In the latter case,
Yong Pung How CJ stated at [72] that:

… [T]he approach suggested by the Prosecution accords with the accepted
principles of statutory construction (see _Craies, Statute Law_ (7th Ed,
1971)). A purposive approach to construction will be adopted where the meaning
of the provision is not plain or is ambiguous. This approach embraces the
maxim, _ut res magis valeat quam pereat_ – words should be construed so as to
give a sensible meaning to them. The courts should desist from treating words
as surplusage or void. ...

19 F A R Bennion, the learned author of _Bennion on Statutory Interpretation:
A Code_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2008) (“ _Bennion_ ”), at p 1000, offers the
following guidance:

_Futile or pointless result_ Parliament does nothing in vain, a principle also
expressed as _lex nil frustra facit_ (the law does nothing in vain). It is an
old maxim of the law that _quod vanum et inutile est, lex non requirit_ (the
law does not call for what is vain and useless). Or as it is put in another
form: _lex non praecipit inutilia_ (the law does not demand the doing of
useless things). ‘The law never compels a person to do that which is useless
and unnecessary.’ Through the inevitable limitations of language, it sometimes
nevertheless happens that, in the events that have occurred in the instant
case, the literal meaning of the enactment seems to demand the doing of
something that would be futile or pointless. Here the court will strive to
find a more sensible construction.

20 The court would be remiss to treat the summary of facts in the Case for the
Prosecution in a manner which relegates it to redundancy. The converse,
however, also holds true – the summary of facts ought not to be invested with
a significance which oversteps the intentions of Parliament in introducing the
CCDC regime. A balance must be found between these two extremes, bearing in
mind that the object of the CCDC regime is to facilitate the trial such that
the accused will know the case which he has to meet, and such that the
Prosecution will not be caught off-guard by the defence which the accused will
raise. To this end, I would think that at the very least, the summary of facts
should not be crafted in such a way, or contain only such barest of facts, as
to leave the opposing party or parties vulnerable to being taken by surprise
at the trial.

Consequences of non-compliance with the CCDC regime

21 Section 169 of the CPC 2010 expressly stipulates that:

**169.** —(1) The court may draw such inference as it thinks fit if —

(_a_) the prosecution fails to serve the Case for the Prosecution on the
accused or the defence fails to serve the Case for the Defence after the Case
for the Prosecution has been served on him;

(_b_) the Case for the Prosecution or the Case for the Defence does not
contain any or any part of the items specified in section 162 or 165(1),
respectively; or

(_c_) the prosecution or the defence puts forward a case at the trial which
differs from or is otherwise inconsistent with the Case for the Prosecution or
the Case for the Defence, respectively, that has been filed.

(2) If the prosecution fails to serve the Case for the Prosecution in respect
of any charge which the prosecution intends to proceed with at trial within
the time permitted under section 161 or the Case for the Prosecution does not
contain any or any part of the items specified in section 162, a court may
order a discharge not amounting to an acquittal in relation to the charge.

22 It was argued by the petitioners that in omitting to provide particulars on
key issues, the Prosecution had effectively failed to disclose “ _part of_ the
[summary of facts]” [emphasis added] for the purposes of ss 169(1)(_b_) and
169(2).

23 The Prosecution’s response thereto consisted of three interconnected
arguments. First, it was contended that the disclosed summary of facts did
comply with the requirements of s 162 of the CPC 2010. Second, even if there
had been non-compliance with s 162, the court did not have any jurisdiction to
order further particulars. Third, recourse for any breach of the Prosecution’s
discovery obligations should be left to the trial judge, who could draw the
necessary adverse inferences in accordance with s 169.

24 I will first address the second and third arguments of the Prosecution as
they are more closely related. Section 404 of the CPC 2010 empowers the High
Court to revise orders made at any CCDC:

**404.** —(1) The High Court may, on its own motion or on the application of
the Public Prosecutor or the accused in any criminal case disclosure
conference, call for and examine the record of any criminal case disclosure
conference held under Part IX or X before a Magistrate, a District Judge, the
Registrar of the Subordinate Courts or the Registrar of the Supreme Court to
satisfy itself as to the _correctness_ , legality or propriety of any order
recorded or passed at the criminal case disclosure conference, and as to the
regularity of the criminal case disclosure conference.

…

[emphasis added]

25 I note that while the order which was the subject of the present criminal
revision applications was not made _at_ or _during_ a CCDC, it was
nevertheless made at a hearing of applications brought under ss 162(_b_) read
with 169(2) of the CPC 2010\. Such applications should be regarded as a
continuation of the CCDC. It would run contrary to the spirit of s 404 to say
that an order made upon such applications would not fall within the scope of
the High Court’s revisionary powers as such applications are very much part
and parcel of the CCDC process. I should mention that although this specific
point was not taken by the Prosecution, I thought I should nevertheless allude
to it. In this regard, I would reiterate the legal adage that the court should
look at substance rather than form, a principle which has been applied across
a wide range of cases (see _The “Andres Bonifacio”_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 71 at
[42], _Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh Brothers Building & Civil Engineering
Contractor (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 571 at [19], _Lock Han Chng Jonathan
(Jonathan Luo Hancheng) v Goh Jessiline_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 455 at [36] and _Ang
Tin Yong v Ang Boon Chye and another_ [2012] 1 SLR 447 at [15]) and which
should be all the more important in the context of criminal procedure, like
the CCDC, to ensure a fair trial. I would also add that s 6 of the CPC 2010
provides for “such procedure as the justice of the case may require” to be
adopted where no special provision has been made as regards any matter of
criminal procedure – although I do not think that any such innovation is
necessary in the present case.

26 In the present case, two sub-sections of s 404 of the CPC 2010 are
particularly relevant:

…

(3) On examining a record under revision in this Division [_ie_ , Division 4
of Part XX of the CPC 2010], the High Court may _affirm, vary or set aside_
any of the orders made by the Magistrate, District Judge, Registrar of the
Subordinate Courts or Registrar of the Supreme Court, as the case may be, who
presided over the criminal case disclosure conference.

...

(5) Where a case is revised under this Division, the High Court must certify
its decision or order to the Magistrate, District Judge, Registrar of the
Subordinate Courts or Registrar of the Supreme Court, as the case may be, who
recorded or passed the order at the criminal case disclosure conference and
that Magistrate, District Judge, Registrar of the Subordinate Courts or the
Registrar of the Supreme Court, as the case may be, _must make the requisite
orders to give effect to the decision or order_.

[emphasis added]

27 Read in conjunction, ss 404(3) and 404(5) clearly demonstrate that the
consequences of non-compliance as prescribed in s 169 cannot be exhaustive. A
narrow reading would unduly constrict the revisionary jurisdiction of the High
Court, which is widely framed under s 404(3). The phrasing of s 404(5), which
expressly binds the presiding judicial officer to give effect to the High
Court’s order, also militates against limiting the High Court’s powers to just
the remedies available to the presiding judicial officer under s 169.

28 Second, the argument that any recourse for a lack of particulars should be
deferred to the trial judge also detracts from the purpose of pre-trial
criminal discovery. This is particularly so because the ability of the trial
judge to draw adverse inferences will be frustrated or considerably hampered
if the disclosed summary of facts is so bare that the Defence cannot contend
that the Prosecution has done what s 169(1)(_c_) of the CPC 2010 proscribes,
namely, put forward at the trial a case which “differs from or is otherwise
inconsistent with” the Case for the Prosecution that was filed. It would be
difficult, in these circumstances, to draw any adverse inference from an
omission in the Case for the Prosecution. This will not be fair to the
Defence. Moreover, the difficulty of drawing an adverse inference will
effectively place the trial judge in the invidious position of having to
choose between either the drastic option of ordering a DNAQ so as to hold the
Prosecution to its discovery obligations, or making no order to penalise the
Prosecution for non-compliance with the same. Should these be the only
meaningful options available to the court, then curial supervision over the
CCDC process would be rendered anaemic and the stated objective of greater
transparency would be thwarted. In any event, it seems to me to be reasonable
for a court which intends to order a DNAQ to offer the Prosecution a final
opportunity to meet its discovery obligations. This would not be possible if s
169 is taken as exhaustive of all the remedies which a court can order for
non-compliance with the CCDC regime.

29 If, as the Minister said, parties are to “take discovery seriously” (see
[16] above), then the court must be involved at the preliminary stages to
ensure that the CCDC regime is effective in helping parties to prepare for
trial. Taking the provisions in Parts IX and XX of the CPC 2010 in their
totality, it can be seen that the invocation of the High Court’s revisionary
power in s 404 (which falls under Part XX of the CPC 2010) serves to
facilitate _compliance_ with the criminal discovery process, whilst s 169
(which falls under Part IX of the CPC 2010) provides for the consequences
which flow from parties’ _non-compliance_ with the same. Effect must be given
to both ss 169 and 404, and they must be construed harmoniously. Such an
approach is exemplified by the decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal in
_Public Prosecutor v Kwan Richard_ [1968–1970] SLR(R) 846, where the court was
presented with three ostensibly mismatched provisions relating to the
jurisdiction of a Magistrate’s Court to try an offence under s 420 of the
Penal Code (Cap 119, 1955 Rev Ed) (“the 1955 Penal Code”), which offence was
punishable with imprisonment of up to seven years as well as with fine. In
gist, s 9(1)(_a_) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 132, 1955 Rev Ed) (“the
CPC 1955”) limited a Magistrate’s Court’s criminal jurisdiction to offences
for which the maximum imprisonment term did not exceed three years and
offences which were punishable only with fine, whilst s 10(1) provided that
“[s]ubject to the other provisions of this Code”, the same court could try
offences by reference to the eighth column of Schedule A to the CPC 1955,
which column included the offence under s 420 of the 1955 Penal Code. At the
same time, s 11 of the CPC 1955 stipulated that the Public Prosecutor’s
written authorisation was required for a Magistrate’s Court to try an offence
which was triable only by a District Court under s 10.

30 The accused argued that ss 9 and 10 of the CPC 1955 were irreconcilable in
relation to the offence under s 420 of the 1955 Penal Code, and that the
authorisation of the Public Prosecutor under s 11 of the CPC 1955 was required
before a Magistrate’s Court would have the jurisdiction to try him for that
offence. Upon the Prosecution’s application, the question of whether a
Magistrate’s Court had jurisdiction to try an offence under s 420 of the 1955
Penal Code without the authorisation of the Public Prosecutor under s 11 of
the CPC 1955 was reserved for the Court of Criminal Appeal’s decision. The
court held (at [11]) that:

It is said that s 9(1)(_a_) and s 10[(1)] in so far as they confer
jurisdiction on a Magistrate’s Court are irreconcilable. We do not agree and
in our judgment they are reconcilable if s 9(1)(_a_) is construed as a
provision which deals with the general jurisdiction of a Magistrate’s Court in
regard to all offences under any written law in force for the time being and s
10[(1)] is construed as a provision which deals with Penal Code offences only
and specifically sets out the court or courts which has or have jurisdiction
in respect of each Penal Code offence.

31 In adopting such an approach, the court sought to apply all the relevant
provisions in a complementary and harmonious fashion guided by the purpose of
the statute. A similar ethos is also discernible in Yong Pung How CJ’s
decision in _Ramanathan_ at [72] (see [18] above) and the Court of Appeal’s
decision in _Quek Hock Lye v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 2 SLR 1012 at [29]. In
addition, helpful guidance can also be found in _Bennion_ at p 559:

The _ut res magis_ principle requires inconsistencies within an Act to be
reconciled. Blackstone said:

‘One part of the statute must be so construed by another, that the whole may,
if possible, stand: _ut res magis valeat quam pereat_.’

The principle also means that, _if the obvious intention of the enactment
gives rise to difficulties in implementation, the court must do its best to
find ways of resolving these_.

[emphasis added]

32 In my opinion, the omission of key particulars would constitute a failure
to provide “part of the [summary of facts]” for the purposes of ss 169(1)(_b_)
and 169(2) of the CPC 2010. The Prosecution cannot claim that it has complied
with s 162(_b_) so long as it has merely nominally included a summary of
facts, as s 162(_b_) expressly imposes a substantive requirement that the
summary of facts be “in support of the charge”. It is a trite proposition that
a charge must contain all the essential ingredients of the alleged offence so
as to give the accused person notice and a chance to defend himself (see
_Assathamby s/o Karupiah v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 1030 at [9]).
This entails that the charge must contain particulars relating to the time and
place of the alleged offence, as well as the person or thing against whom or
in respect of which the alleged offence was committed (see s 124 of the CPC
2010). If necessary, the charge must also contain details as to how the
alleged offence was committed (see s 125 of the CPC 2010). The summary of
facts tendered by the Prosecution should therefore reinforce the particulars
already contained in the charge, and offer further notice and clarity of the
case which the Defence is to answer. It follows that in most cases, the
summary of facts will have to elaborate on rather than replicate the charge.
In this regard, it appears that Illustration (_b_) to s 162 of the CPC 2010
(see [14] above) is of limited help in the specific context of the present s
477A PC charge against each of the petitioners. Illustration (_b_) represents
the minimum content to be contained in a summary of facts where s 109 of the
Penal Code (“s 109 PC”) is engaged, and does not offer further guidance as to
what else is to be included. In the present case, details as to where and when
the alleged conspiracy occurred, who the known conspirators were and what they
did – _viz_ , the minimum details required by Illustration (_b_) – were
already contained in the s 477A PC charge against each petitioner. It is
Illustration (_a_) to s 162 of the CPC 2010, instead, which is more useful in
relation to the primary s 477A PC charge, as distinct from the secondary
liability imposed by s 109 PC. Illustration (_a_) to s 162 of the CPC 2010
states that:

(_a_) _A_ is charged with theft of a shirt from a shop. The summary of facts
should state the facts in support of the charge, for example, that _A_ was
seen taking a shirt in the shop and putting it into his bag, and that _A_ left
the shop without paying for the shirt.

33 This clearly demonstrates that the summary of facts must present a more
complete picture of the primary offence in order to be “in support of the
charge”.

The particulars sought by the petitioners

Nature of the offence under s 477A PC

34 In order to determine whether the summary of facts tendered by the
Prosecution in this case operated “in support of” the s 477A PC charge faced
by each of the petitioners, the nature of the alleged offence is critical. It
is an essential ingredient of the s 477A PC offence that the accused possessed
the “intent to defraud”. The Explanation in s 477A PC stipulates that:

_Explanation_ —. —It shall be sufficient in any charge under this section to
allege a general intent to defraud without naming any particular person
intended to be defrauded, or specifying any particular sum of money intended
to be the subject of the fraud or any particular day on which the offence was
committed.

Details of the party intended to be defrauded and the sub-contract between ZTE
and Questzone

35 I note that in _Phang Wah and others v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 1 SLR 646
(“ _Phang Wah_ ”) at [61], Tay Yong Kwang J observed that:

... [T]he explanatory note to s 477A makes it clear that it is sufficient _to
assert a general intent to defraud_ without naming any particular person
intended to be defrauded or specifying any particular sum of money intended to
be the subject of the fraud ... [emphasis added]

36 In _Phang Wah_ , the dispute centred on whether the accused knew how much
he would gain by his deception, and not on the identity of the party deceived.
The considerations are different in the latter case, and a more nuanced
approach might be called for. The explanatory statement in s 477A PC
undoubtedly serves to cover cases where the deception is directed
indiscriminately at the general public. The paradigm case would perhaps be the
falsification of company accounts to create a misleading picture of the
company’s health to public investors. Counsel for the petitioners also
suggested the example of Internet scams which are directed towards web users
at large. The present case could not be said to be even remotely similar to
such situations. The petitioners were alleged to have falsified an invoice
which was issued to a company with whom they had prior dealings. In the case
of the 1st petitioner, that company was the company which employed him. It was
evident that the allegedly falsified invoice dated 15 July 2010 was not purely
speculative. Indeed, the summary of facts did not state that the petitioners
had falsified that invoice with a general intent to defraud (as would be the
case in a public scam). However, it was also silent as to the person or entity
deceived.

37 The summary of facts was also equally silent as to how and why the sub-
contract between ZTE and Questzone was fictitious. Presumably, the alleged
falsity of the invoice dated 15 July 2010 was predicated on the alleged
“fictitiousness” of the sub-contract, so that the two matters were
interlinked. It was peculiar that according to the charge and the summary of
facts, a false invoice had been issued pursuant to a fictitious sub-contract
where the recipient of the invoice knew, and was known by, the issuer. This
suggested that the person defrauded was a third party to the transaction. In
the course of oral submissions before me, the Prosecution stated that the
defrauded party could be either ZTE or the Papua New Guinea government. The
Prosecution’s written submissions before me also revealed allegations that
Questzone had been set up as a shell company to perpetuate the conspiracy. It
was apparent that the Prosecution did have a factual gap which it needed to
plug in its summary of facts. At para 5 of the Prosecution’s written
submissions, it was stated that the petitioners:

… came up with a scheme to set up a shell company, [Questzone], which
purported to invoice ZTE for various sub-contracted works ... In reality, no
sub-contracted works were carried out by Questzone and the invoices submitted
by Questzone were falsified documents.

At para 41 of the same submissions, the Prosecution averred that from a review
of the petitioners’ statements:

… [I]t can be seen that [the petitioners] were all party to an agreement to
get money from ZTE via an invoice from a shell company, Questzone; and that
the invoice would falsely represent to ZTE that payment was due under a
contract between ZTE and Questzone when the alleged contract was no more than
a fiction. …

These were factual propositions which supported the s 477A PC charge by
offering forensic details of the alleged deception, and they should have been
included in the Case for the Prosecution.

Intent to defraud

38 Section 477A PC is derived from the equivalent provision in India’s Penal
Code (Act No 45 of 1860). Although s 477A PC has remained substantively
unchanged since the enactment of our Penal Code, the core concept of “intent
to defraud” has not received much analysis in our courts. The usual approach
has been to adopt the meaning ascribed to the phrase in other areas of the
law. For example, in _Goh Kah Heng (alias Shi Ming Yi) v Public Prosecutor and
another matter_ [2010] 4 SLR 258 (“ _Goh Kah Heng_ ”), Tay Yong Kwang J agreed
at [42] with the approach adopted in _Public Prosecutor v Chow Wai Lam_ [2006]
SGDC 1 at [47]–[52]. The latter case related to “intent to defraud” in the
context of s 406(_c_) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed). The parties
have also cited _Law Society of Singapore v Nor’ain bte Abu Bakar and others_
[2009] 1 SLR(R) 753, in which the Court of Three Judges stated that:

44 ... In _Seet Soon Guan v Public Prosecutor_ [1955] MLJ 223 at 225, Buhagiar
J, after examining the local and Indian cases and also the Indian and Malay
States’ contract legislation, held (at 228) that a person would have acted
fraudulently or with intent to defraud under the Malaysian equivalent of s 25
of the Penal Code if:

... he acts with the intention that some person be deceived and by means of
such deception that either an advantage should accrue to him or injury, loss
or detriment should befall some other person or persons.

45 The same meaning is given to the definition in the Penal Code (Act No 45 of
1860) (India) by the Indian Supreme Court in _S P Chengalvaraya Naidu v
Jagannath_ AIR 1994 SC 853. …

Section 25 of the Penal Code sets out the meaning of the term “fraudulently”,
and provides that “[a] person is said to do a thing fraudulently if he does
that thing with intent to defraud, but not otherwise”.

39 In the present case, the meaning of the phrase “intent to defraud” must be
interpreted within the specific context of s 477A PC, and must also take
cognisance of the effect of the explanatory statement in that section. The
difficulty with the exposition in the cases cited above is that these cases
adopt a general analysis that does not contemplate the possibility of an
amorphous intent to defraud, which scenario is specifically catered for in s
477A PC.

40 In contrast, the Indian courts have developed a more detailed jurisprudence
on the particular meaning to be ascribed to the phrase “intent to defraud” in
the context of their equivalent of s 477A PC. In _S_  _Harnam Singh v The
State_ AIR 1976 SC 2140 (“ _Harnam Singh_ ”), the Indian Supreme Court held
that the words “intent to defraud” contained two elements – deceit and injury:

18\. ... The Code does not contain any precise and specific definition of the
words “intent to defraud”. However, it has been settled by a catena of
authorities that “intent to defraud” contains two elements viz., deceit and
injury. A person is said to deceive another when by practising “suggestio
falsi” _o_ r “suppressio veri” _o_ r both he intentionally induces another to
believe a thing to be true, which he knows to be false or does not believe to
be true, “Injury” has been defined in Section 44 of the Code as denoting “any
harm whatever illegally caused to any person, in body, mind, reputation or
property.”

19\. The burden of [the appellant’s counsel’s] argument is that the
prosecution had not established these elements beyond reasonable doubt. It is
maintained that there was no ‘deceit’ because the appellant did not conceal
the fact that he was making the entries meant for the 10th January on the 11th
January. In this connection, reference has been made to the endorsements and
the entries on the Forwarding Notes relating to these goods, which were
manifestly made on the 11th. It is further submitted that there was _no intent
to cause wrongful gain or wrongful loss to any person either in particular or
in general_ , and consequently the second element necessary to constitute a
fraudulent intention did not exist.

[emphasis added]

41 The cited passage makes it clear that the Prosecution must prove an
intention to mislead as well as an intention to injure the interests of “any
person either in particular or in general” (see _Harnam Singh_ at [19]).
Section 477A PC does not contemplate a stand-alone offence for the wilful
creation of a false document. As the learned authors of _Ratanlal &
Dhirajlal’s The Indian Penal Code_ (V R Manohar gen ed) (LexisNexis, 33rd Ed,
2010) put it at p 987:

... Though to come under the mischief of this section the entries have to be
made ‘wilfully’ i.e., intentionally or deliberately, yet from the mere fact
that the entries were made wilfully, it does not follow that the entries were
so made “with intent to defraud” within the meaning of s. 477A [of the Indian
Penal Code].

42 The learned authors also offer insight into the legislative purpose of the
Indian equivalent of s 477A PC at p 986:

**COMMENT.—** This section refers to acts relating to book-keeping or written
accounts. It makes the falsification of books and accounts punishable even
though there is no evidence to prove misappropriation of any specific sum on
any particular occasion.

43 This coheres with the account given in C K Thakker & M C Thakker, _Ratanlal
& Dhirajlal’s Law of Crimes: A Commentary on the Indian Penal Code, 1860_
(Bharat Law House, 26th Ed, 2007) at vol 2, p 2638:

**3\. Object.** —This section was introduced by Act III of 1895, section 4. It
is intended to meet a glaring defect in the law which was proved to exist in
_Shama Churn Sen’s_ case, in which a man was charged with defrauding a bank to
the extent of three lakhs of rupees. He was acquitted because it could not be
shown that the three lakhs ha[d] been abstracted upon any one particular
occasion or in any particular sum. The present section is intended to meet
such cases and to make the falsification of books punishable even though no
particular sum of money or particular occasion can be shown. It is, with some
verbal alterations, the same in substance, as section 1 of the Falsification
of Accounts Act, 1875.

44 It would therefore appear that the practical emphasis of s 477A PC was
placed more on relieving the Prosecution from having to prove a particular sum
which had been misappropriated or a particular occasion on which money had
been misappropriated, and less on not having to name the particular person
intended to be defrauded.

45 It follows from these considerations that where a s 477A PC charge is
involved, the Prosecution must present a specific case as to the nature of the
accused’s fraudulent intention, including the person who was the object of the
fraudulent intention, and cannot hide behind the explanatory note in s 477A PC
to avoid taking a position. Equally, it is no answer to say that the
petitioners in this case had intended only to gain an advantage for
themselves, as this begs the question of whether such gain was obtained by a
general deception or at the expense of a particular person or entity. In the
present case, it appeared from the s 477A PC charge against each petitioner
and the materials before the court that the alleged deception was intended to
cause a wrongful gain or a wrongful loss in relation to a specific person or
entity. Notably, as mentioned at [36] above, the Prosecution did _not_ take
the position that the petitioners had acted with a general intent to defraud.
That was not what each s 477A PC charge stated. The Prosecution’s refusal to
specify the target of the petitioners’ alleged deception rested upon a
conviction that it was, in any event, not _legally obliged_ to do so:[note:
11]

... [Section] 477A must be interpreted in light of the Explanation, which
clearly states that a general intent to defraud suffices in the formulation of
the charge, without naming any particular person intended to be defrauded.
This being the case, it follows ineluctably that the Summary of Facts in
support of the charge need not indicate any particular person intended to be
defrauded.

46 The Indian authorities demonstrate that this conviction is mistaken. The
wording of the explanatory statement in s 477A PC indicates that a person
could be guilty of a charge under that section even though he does not have a
specific individual or entity as the target of his fraud; it would suffice if
he has a general intention to defraud. The explanatory statement should not be
taken as providing a categorical general exemption from having to specify the
particular individual or entity intended to be defrauded. In the present case,
the Prosecution still had to specify whether each of the petitioners had acted
with a general intention to defraud _or_ a particular intention directed at
particular parties. If it was the latter, then those parties (whether persons
or entities) had to be identified. However, and more importantly in the
instant matter, it was not the Prosecution’s case that each of the petitioners
had acted with a general intent to defraud. Indeed, there was no such
assertion in each s 477A PC charge of a general intention to defraud on the
part of each of the petitioners.

47 In the light of the foregoing analysis, it was clear to me that further
particularisation of the party whom the petitioners had allegedly conspired to
defraud, as well as of the allegedly “fictitious” sub-contract between
Questzone and ZTE, had to be provided. Without such particulars, the
Prosecution’s summary of facts could not be viewed as being “in support of”
the specific s 477A PC charge faced by each of the petitioners.

48 As an aside, I would underscore the fact that without such particulars, the
petitioners’ position would be prejudiced as they would be vulnerable to
surprises at the trial. This had already been rehearsed at the hearing before
me, when it was unexpectedly revealed that the Papua New Guinea government
could have been one of the intended targets of the alleged fraud (see [37]
above). Had this transpired at the trial, it would run counter to the object
of the CCDC regime. Moreover, such an eventuality could likely cause
disruption to the trial, which is an outcome that the CCDC regime was
specifically created to prevent from happening. The evidence which an accused
person will adduce and/or the witnesses whom he will call will depend on the
case which he has to meet. For instance, if the Prosecution’s case was that
the victim of the fraud was the Papua New Guinea government, then the evidence
which each of the petitioners would adduce (including the witnesses whom each
of them would call) could be very different.

49 I would further add that prejudice to the petitioners could surface even
_before_ the trial. In accordance with s 163 of the CPC 2010, the petitioners
will each have to file a Case for the Defence after the further CCDC which is
fixed not earlier than seven days from the date on which the Case for the
Prosecution is filed (see s 161(4) of the CPC 2010). Section 165(1)(_a_)
requires the petitioners to furnish “a summary of the defence to the charge
and the facts in support of the defence”. To comply with their discovery
obligations, the petitioners will have to _speculate_ about what the
Prosecution’s case would be and craft a summary of their defence in line with
this. In doing so, they may have little option but to reveal where they expect
their criminal liability to lie, and thereby jeopardise their privilege
against self-incrimination. The CCDC regime, which is intended to create
greater transparency and parity between the Prosecution and the Defence, may
therefore end up being applied in a way which works _against_ the petitioners’
interests. Our courts must be vigilant to ensure that rules of criminal
procedure intended to introduce fairness into the criminal justice process do
not end up being misapplied in the sense of being administered in a way which
actually works to an accused’s detriment instead. Such vigilance against the
misapplication of criminal procedure is not new to our courts – a similar
concern with rules which were intended to benefit accused persons being used
in a manner which transformed them into a “procedural trap” was also expressed
by Yong Pung How CJ in _Tay Kok Poh Ronnie v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 3
SLR(R) 545 at [48]. In contrast, it was not apparent what prejudice – either
at or before the trial – would be borne or suffered by the Prosecution if it
had to furnish the additional particulars set out at [10(a)] and [10(b)]
above. There was no danger that witnesses would be suborned (see the
Minister’s comments at [16] above), and the Prosecution did not allude to any
peculiarities or sensitivities which would be adversely affected by the
further disclosure which I ordered.

_Details of the alleged conspiracy_

50 The petitioners also sought further details of the alleged conspiracy
between them (see item (c) of [10] above). The summary of facts replicated the
s 477A PC charge in stating that the conspiracy arose “in mid-2010, in
Singapore ... to falsify a paper belonging to [Questzone] wilfully and with
intent to defraud”.[note: 12] On a _prima facie_ level, this fulfilled the key
elements of an abetment by conspiracy, as held in _Lee Yuen Hong v Public
Prosecutor_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 604 at [38]:

On a charge of abetment by conspiracy, the Prosecution has to establish the
following elements:

(a) the person abetting must engage, with one or more other persons in a
conspiracy;

(b) the conspiracy must be for the doing of the thing abetted; and

(c) an act or illegal omission must take place in pursuance of the conspiracy
in order to the doing of that thing.

51 It is well-established that a conspiracy must also be founded upon a
“meeting of the minds” amongst the conspirators. Such an agreement can be
inferred from circumstantial evidence, as held in _Goh Kah Heng_ at [40]. The
Prosecution’s contention was that the circumstances which would add flesh to
the bones of the alleged conspiracy in this case were contained in the
petitioners’ statements as disclosed in the Case for the Prosecution. This was
part of a wider proposition that the summary of facts should be read in
conjunction with all the other items in the Case for the Prosecution. In other
words, the adequacy of the Prosecution’s disclosure had to be assessed
holistically. I saw some sense in this. On a purposive interpretation of s 162
of the CPC 2010, a balance must be struck between guarding against unwanted
surprises at the trial and prematurely compelling parties to commit themselves
to matters of detail.

52 In the present case, the Case for the Prosecution contained statements
which made numerous allusions to meetings between the petitioners in Singapore
in mid-2010. In particular, the 1st petitioner’s statement contained an
account of a weekend discussion with the 3rd petitioner in April 2010 as well
as a country club meeting with both the 2nd and 3rd petitioners in May
2010.[note: 13] The subject discussed during these meetings was the payment of
monies to the petitioners as commission for the award of the community college
project in Papua New Guinea to ZTE. Following that, there were other occasions
on which the petitioners talked about obtaining money from the ITE trust and
how such money should be distributed.[note: 14]

53 Given the disclosure of these circumstances in the Case for the
Prosecution, the petitioners could not claim that they would be taken by
surprise at the trial. The information which they had at their disposal was
more than sufficient to aid in the preparation of their defence in relation to
the various elements of an abetment by conspiracy. Unlike the particulars
sought in relation to the other two points set out at [10] above, the further
information being asked for in terms of the details of the alleged conspiracy
between the petitioners clearly relates to matters of detail which are not
likely to have a substantive impact on the evidence which the petitioners
would have to adduce and/or the witnesses to be called. In this regard, a
distinction must be drawn between particulars which serve to clarify and give
notice to the accused of the essential ingredients of the offence stated in
the charge, and particulars which are not of such a nature. Although it must
be acknowledged that this may prove to be a challenging distinction to draw at
times, it is only the former category of particulars which should be included
in a summary of facts in accordance with s 162 of the CPC 2010. In a broad
sense, the particulars set out in each summary of facts in the present case
met the requirements prescribed in Illustration (_b_) to s 162. Each summary
of facts set out the time at which and the place where the conspiracy took
place as well as the illegal act which was committed pursuant to that
conspiracy, _viz_ , the creation of the allegedly falsified invoice dated 15
July 2010. That said, I also note that the Prosecution did not disclose any
particulars beyond the bare minimum required by Illustration (_b_) to s 162.
While I had some reservations about the Prosecution’s lack of earnestness in
this regard, I did not think that this would cause undue prejudice to the
petitioners on a holistic assessment of what had been disclosed in the Case
for the Prosecution.

Conclusion

54 In the premises, I granted the petitioners’ applications for particulars on
the first two points set out at [10] above relating to, respectively, the
identity of the party whom the petitioners allegedly conspired to defraud and
the reasons why the sub-contract between ZTE and Questzone was alleged to be
fictitious. I ordered these particulars to be furnished within two weeks from
23 January 2013 (I should add that I subsequently granted a stay of this order
on 6 February 2013 pending the Prosecution’s reference to the Court of Appeal
on questions of law of public interest arising from the present applications).
The request for further details of the alleged conspiracy between the
petitioners (_viz_ , point (c) of [10] above) was refused.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Li Weiming recorded on 17 March 2011 at para 2.

[note: 2]Statement of Thomas Philip Doehrman recorded on 16 March 2011 at para
9.

[note: 3]Statement of Thomas Philip Doehrman recorded on 16 March 2011 at
paras 4–6.

[note: 4]Further statement of Lim Ai Wah recorded on 18 March 2011 at para 37.

[note: 5]Statement of Lim Ai Wah recorded on 15 March 2011 at para 8;
Statement of Thomas Philip Doehrman recorded on 16 March 2011 at para 8.

[note: 6]Statement of Thomas Philip Doehrman recorded on 16 March 2011 at
paras 4–6.

[note: 7]Statement of Lim Ai Wah recorded on 15 March 2011 at para 2.

[note: 8]Statement of Thomas Philip Doehrman recorded on 16 March 2011 at para
2.

[note: 9]See, _eg_ , DAC 026705 of 2012.

[note: 10]See, _eg_ , the summary of facts for DAC 026742 of 2012 at para 3.

[note: 11]Respondent’s Submissions at para 27.

[note: 12]See, _eg_ , the summary of facts for DAC 026742 of 2012 at para 1.

[note: 13]Statement of Li Weiming recorded on 17 March 2011 at paras 5–11.

[note: 14]_Ibid_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Mar 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

