Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Choi Peng Kum and another _v_ Tan Poh Eng Construction Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHCR 19

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 275 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Eunice Chua AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Philip Ling and Ang Hou Fu (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for
the applicants; Tan Joo Seng and Wee Qian Liang (Chong Chia & Lim LLC) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Choi Peng Kum and another — Tan Poh Eng Construction Pte Ltd  
  
5 July 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
AR Eunice Chua:

1 The application before me was for the setting aside of an adjudication
determination made pursuant to the Building and Construction Industry Security
of Payment Act (“the SOP Act”) (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed). The parties raised
issues of the interaction between the SOP Act and the terms of the underlying
contract between the parties, which incorporated the Singapore Institute of
Architects, Articles and Conditions of Building Contract, Lump Sum Contract,
9th Edition (“the SIA Conditions”). After hearing the submissions of counsel,
I reserved judgment to fully consider the matter.

Background

2 The applicants are property owners and the respondent is a contractor. On 25
November 2011, the applicants employed the respondent to carry out
reconstruction works on their property. Their contract incorporated the SIA
Conditions and also an addendum (“the Addendum”), which provided that:

Save for [the Architect’s role being to provide the relevant design,
drawings/plans and to furnish all necessary information and clarification for
works to be carried out by the Contractor], the Architect’s responsibility
and/ or obligations to give directions and instructions including extensions
of time to the Contractor for works would be carried out by the Quantity
Surveyor. The Quantity Surveyor will also be responsible for certification of
payment, determining variation works, omissions and the value of any works
carried out by the Contractor.

3 Suffice to say, disputes arose between the applicants and the respondent
surrounding alleged defective works or works that had not been carried out. It
is not disputed that on 7 February 2013, the applicants terminated the
employment of the respondent.

4 However, before the termination, on 31 January 2013, the respondent issued
to the applicants “Progress Claim No. 9” for the sum of $480,109.97. The
applicants did not respond to Progress Claim No. 9, _inter alia_ , because
they took the position that Progress Claim No. 9 was not supported by any
valuation by the quantity surveyor and only consisted of a description and
breakdown of all items claimed without enclosing supporting documentation.

5 On 7 March 2013, the respondent lodged an adjudication application in
respect of Progress Claim No. 9 pursuant to the SOP Act. The adjudication
application was served on the applicants on 8 March 2013. The applicants
lodged their adjudication response at 5.20pm on 15 March 2013.

6 On 22 March 2013, the appointed adjudicator issued an adjudication
determination in favour of the respondent for the full amount of Progress
Claim No. 9. The adjudicator considered the adjudication response to have been
lodged on 16 March 2013 as it was lodged after 4.30pm on 15 March 2013.
Accordingly, pursuant to s 16(2) of the SOP Act, the adjudicator regarded the
adjudication response as out of time and did not consider the adjudication
response.

7 It is noted that the quantity surveyor issued “Progress Valuation No. 9”,
dated 14 March 2013, certifying the sum of $7,086.61 as being payable on
Progress Claim No. 9.

8 On 28 March 2013, the applicants filed this application to set aside the
adjudication determination and for other consequential orders.

9 The applicants argued that the adjudication determination should be set
aside for two reasons.

10 First, because their contract with the respondent was terminated on 7
February 2013, cl 32(8)(a) of the SIA Conditions applied and prevented any
payment claim from being made. Under cl 32(8)(a) of the SIA Conditions:

In the event of the termination of the employment of the Contractor … (a) no
further sum shall be certified as due to the Contractor until the issue by the
Architect of the Cost of Termination Certificate … nor shall the Employer be
bound to pay any sums previously certified if not already paid …

11 Second, and in the alternative, the applicants argued that the respondent
was not entitled to any progress payment under Progress Claim No. 9 because,
assuming that Progress Claim No. 9 was an interim claim and not a final claim
as defined in the SIA Conditions, it was not supported by a valuation as
required by cl 31(4) of the SIA Conditions. Clause 31(4) of the SIA Conditions
states in relevant part as follows:

Where … interim payment is to be based on periodic valuation, the sum
certified in interim certificates shall be based on a retrospective re-
evaluation of all the work carried out under the Contract as claimed by the
Contractor up to a date … not exceeding 7 days before the date of issuing the
Certificate itself. …

12 Both these arguments were premised on the propositions that an entitlement
to seek adjudication under the SOP Act only arose when the contractual right
to a progress payment can be established and that a court may set aside an
adjudication determination on the basis that there was no entitlement to
payment under the terms of the construction contract.

Issues

13 The issues before me, accordingly, were as follows:

(a) Whether a court may set aside an adjudication determination under the SOP
Act on the basis that there was no entitlement to payment under the terms of
the construction contract;

(b) If so, whether the respondent can establish a contractual entitlement to
Progress Claim No. 9 consistent with the SIA Conditions.

Setting aside an adjudication determination on the basis that there was no
entitlement to payment under the terms of the construction contract

14 To determine whether an adjudication determination obtained under the SOP
Act may be set aside on the basis that there was no entitlement to payment
under the terms of the construction contract, I begin with considering the
relevant provisions of the SOP Act.

15 Section 5 of the SOP Act states that:

Any person who has carried out any construction work, or supplied any goods or
services, under a contract is entitled to a progress payment.

16 Section 6 of the SOP Act stipulates how the amount of progress payment is
to be calculated and s 10 of the SOP Act states the requirements of a payment
claim, including that:

(1) A claimant may serve one payment claim in respect of a progress payment on
—

(_a_) one or more other persons who, under the contract concerned, is or may
be liable to make the payment; or

(_b_) such other person as specified in or identified in accordance with the
terms of the contract for this purpose.

17 The applicants argued that these provisions meant that the right to a
progress payment is created by the construction contract and not the SOP Act
and that if there is no progress payment due under the contract, then there is
no entitlement to a payment claim and no entitlement to make an adjudication
application.

18 In support of this argument, the applicants relied on _Roseville Bridge
Marina Pty Ltd v Bellingham Marine Australia Pty Ltd_ [2009] NSWSC 320 (“
_Roseville_ ”) at [43] where the court stated that:

The [New South Wales equivalent of the SOP Act (“the Act”)] does not create a
right to remuneration for construction work – that right is created by the
construction contract. What the Act does is to create and regulate a right to
obtain a progress payment. It is inherent in the concept of a progress payment
that it be a payment on account of the amount ultimately due. The contract
provides the starting point for the determination of rights under the Act.

19 The applicants also relied on Chow Kok Fong, _Security of Payments and
Construction Adjudication_ (2nd Ed, LexisNexis, 2013) (“Chow”), where the
learned author observed at para 3.14 that the “qualification ‘under a
contract’ in [s 5 of the SOP Act] serves to premise the right to be paid on
the performance of a contract so that if there is a breach of performance, the
right to be paid does not crystallise”.

20 The respondent submitted that the entitlement to a progress payment arose
from the SOP Act and not from the underlying contract. It also argued that the
issue of whether or not there was a right to a progress payment under the
contract was an issue that went to the merits of an adjudicator’s decision,
not to the adjudicator’s jurisdiction.

21 At the request of counsel for the respondent at the end of the hearing, I
granted leave to the respondent to submit additional authorities on the SIA
Conditions and received these authorities on 28 June 2013. I had directed the
applicants to write in to seek leave to submit additional authorities in
response if necessary – the applicants did not do so. The additional
authorities submitted by the respondent comprised, _inter alia_ , extracts
from Chow ([19] above) at 329–336, Philip CF Chan, _Statutory Adjudication in
Singapore_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2008) at 166–190 (“Chan”), and Wong Meng
Meng SC and Chow Kok Fong, “Security of Payments in the Construction Industry:
When is the Claim Triggered?” Singapore Law Gazette (April 2005) (“Wong and
Chow”).

22 Having considered the authorities, in my view, counsel for the applicants
was arguing for a position that was too extreme. The implication of the
applicants’ submissions was that the court hearing an application for setting
aside an adjudication determination or an application to set aside an order
for the enforcement of an adjudication determination would have to summarily
determine whether or not there was an entitlement to payment arising from the
terms of the contract in order to find an entitlement to a progress payment
and to make a payment claim under the SOP Act.

23 This would run contrary to the scheme of the SOP Act, which has been
described in _Lee Wee Lick Terence (alias Li Weili Terence) v Chua Say Eng
(formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction Engineering) and another appeal_
[2013] 1 SLR 401 (“ _Lee Wee Lick Terence_ ”) at [2]–[3] as a “fast and low
cost adjudication system to resolve payment disputes” to “help facilitate the
cash flow of contractors” operating as follows:

To paraphrase the Explanatory Statement attached to the Bill, the [SOP Act]
provides that any person who has carried out construction work or supplied
goods or services under a construction contract or supply contract has a
_statutory entitlement to payment_. The [SOP Act] also establishes an
adjudication procedure by which such a person may claim payment as well as
provides for remedies when the adjudicated amount is not paid. _A contractor
obtains the right to seek adjudication after serving a payment claim in the
prescribed form on the customer_ …, to which the customer has to serve a
payment response or else be barred from contesting the amount claimed before
the adjudicator …. The adjudicator's decision as to the payable amount is
_binding in an interim manner_ …

[emphasis added]

24 Under s 5 read with s 2 of the SOP Act, the entitlement to a progress
payment arises as long as any person has carried out any construction work or
supplied any goods or services under a construction contract or a supply
contract. Once there is an entitlement to a progress payment, pursuant to s
10(1) of the SOP Act, a claimant may then serve “one payment claim in respect
of a progress payment” on a person “who, under the contract concerned, _is or
may be liable_ to make the payment” [emphasis added], or such other person “as
specified in or identified in accordance with the terms of the contract for
this purpose”. These provisions make clear that the entitlement to a progress
payment and to make a payment claim under the SOP Act is a separate matter
from the liability to make payment under the construction contract. The former
depends on satisfying the conditions specified in the SOP Act, whereas the
latter depends on satisfying the conditions specified in the construction
contract.

25 Because the applicants failed to draw this distinction, their reliance on
_Roseville_ and Chow was misplaced.

26 _Roseville_ was a case where the plaintiff sought declaratory and
injunctive relief to restrain the defendant from enforcing an adjudication
certificate obtained under the Building and Construction Industry Security of
Payments Act 1999 (Act 46 of 1999) (New South Wales) (“the NSW SOP Act”) in
respect of construction work performed by the defendant for the plaintiff on
the basis that there was a binding agreement between the parties whereby the
remaining payments due and to become due under the contract (except in
relation to demolition works) were negotiated and agreed, so as to exclude
other claims. Notably, the plaintiff in _Roseville_ neither sought to impugn
the adjudication process, nor allege that the adjudication was void – its
arguments were based solely on arrangements between the parties _outside the
adjudication process_ that it argued were not inconsistent with the NSW SOP
Act because they did not exclude the defendant’s right to receive contractual
remuneration by progress payments in accordance with the NSW SOP Act.
Accordingly, I find that _Roseville_ had no application to the present case
where the applicants _were_ trying to exclude the respondent’s right to
receive contractual remuneration by progress payments under the SOP Act.

27 Similarly, the relevant passage of Chow ([19] above) should not be read to
mean that _the entitlement to make a payment claim under the SOP Act_ only
crystallises when there is due performance of a contract. This is apparent
from the sentence following that quoted by the applicants in para 3.14, which
states that:

However, while the right to be paid derives from the underlying contract, the
right to be paid progressively – the entitlement to progress payments – is
given statutory force by the Singapore SOP Act.

28 In other portions of Chow, the learned author also explains, for example at
para 6.113, that “in relation to the operation of the statutory regime under
the SOP Act, some of [the common law principles governing the operation of a
payment certificate] and terms of the contract have very little relevance” as
a payment response “derives its force principally from the provisions of the
[SOP Act]”. In Wong and Chow ([21] above), the learned authors further make
clear that the statutory right to make a payment claim under the SOP Act
cannot be subordinated to an express contractual requirement of a payment
certificate.

29 This reading of the SOP Act is buttressed by the Court of Appeal decision
of _Lee Wee Lick Terence_ ([23] above) where the role of the court in
applications to set aside adjudication determinations has been described at
[66]–[67] as follows:

66 … the court should not review the merits of an adjudicator's decision. The
court does, however, have the power to decide whether the adjudicator was
validly appointed. If there is no payment claim or service of a payment claim,
the appointment of an adjudicator will be invalid, and the resulting
adjudication determination would be null and void.

67 Even if there is a payment claim and service of that payment claim, the
court may still set aside the adjudication determination on the ground that
the claimant, in the course of making an adjudication application, has not
complied with one (or more) of the provisions under the Act which is so
important that _it is the legislative purpose that an act done in breach of
the provision should be invalid_ , whether it is labelled as an essential
condition or a mandatory condition. A breach of such a provision would result
in the adjudication determination being invalid.

[emphasis in original]

30 If the court hearing a setting aside application is required to delve into
whether or not a contractual entitlement to a progress payment exists in
addition to whether or not the statutory entitlement to a progress payment
exists based on satisfaction of the provision of the SOP Act, this will result
in a review of the merits of the adjudicator’s determination, the elements of
which are described in s 17 of the SOP Act and include “the provisions of the
contract to which the adjudication application relates”. It is immaterial that
on the facts of the present case the adjudicator may not have fully considered
the contractual entitlement of the respondent to the amount claimed as the
applicants did not make a payment response and their adjudication response was
filed out of time.

31 At this juncture, I pause to note that the situation before me is a
different one from that in _Admin Construction Pte Ltd v Vivaldi (S) Pte Ltd_
[2013] SGHC 95 (“ _Admin Construction_ ”). In that case, the High Court set
aside an adjudication determination on the basis that an _ex facie_ valid
settlement agreement entered into between the parties that had not been set
aside extinguished all disputes between the parties in relation to the
disputed payment claim and, accordingly, there was no right to apply for
adjudication. It is an important feature of _Admin Construction_ that the
settlement agreement was in full and final settlement for all works under the
construction contract and was entered into between the parties _before_ the
service of the disputed payment claim. The High Court could therefore find
that the settlement agreement had extinguished any rights the parties had
under the construction contract, and accordingly, any entitlement to make a
payment claim. As the High Court observed at [30], “the right to invoke the
statutory adjudication regime is invariably linked to a payment claim and/or a
payment response, which are premised on progress payments themselves which are
in turn premised on the existence of a construction or supply contract”. Here,
however, Progress Claim No. 9 had been served before the construction contract
was terminated and such termination did not extinguish the rights of parties
under the construction contract.

32 In the present situation, the appropriate recourse for the applicants was
not the setting aside of the adjudication determination, but a final
resolution of the merits of their dispute over Progress Claim No. 9 with the
respondent through other available means.

33 I therefore find in favour of the respondent on the first issue and would
accordingly dismiss the application to set aside the adjudication
determination on this basis alone.

Whether Progress Claim No. 9 is consistent with the SIA Conditions

34 However, I note for the sake of completeness that even if I am wrong on the
first issue, I would still have dismissed the application as, in my judgment,
Progress Claim No. 9 was consistent with the clauses of the SIA Conditions
relied on by the applicants to impugn Progress Claim No. 9 – cll 32(8)(a) and
31(4).

35 Clause 32(8)(a) of the SIA Conditions read with the Addendum states that
the quantity surveyor shall not certify further sums as due to the contractor
until the quantity surveyor issues a Cost of Termination Certificate and that
the employer shall not be bound to pay any sums previously certified if not
already paid.

36 I agree with the respondent and the adjudicator in _VN Pte Ltd v VO Pte
Ltd_ [2010] SCAdjR 259 that there is nothing in this clause that purports to
bar the contractor from making a payment claim and lodging an adjudication
application. It also does not bar an adjudicator from arriving at a
determination on an appropriate amount that the employer shall pay the
contractor.

37 The applicant’s interpretation of this clause is not consistent with the
words of the clause read in the context of the SIA Conditions as a whole.

38 As stated in _SA Shee & Co (Pte) Ltd v Kaki Bukit Industrial Park Pte Ltd_
[2000] 1 SLR(R) 192 at [34]–[37], cited by the respondent, cl 32(8)(a) of the
SIA Conditions may be relied on by an employer to withhold payment on interim
certificates to the contractor in the event of termination of the construction
contract. However, here, the respondent was not seeking payment pursuant to
interim certificates issued by the quantity surveyor, but pursuant to the
mechanism for progress payment under the SOP Act. Clause 32(8)(a) did not
prevent the respondent from doing so.

39 Similarly, the applicant has read too much into cl 31(4) of the SIA
Conditions. That clause states that when interim payment is to be based on
periodic valuation, “the sum certified in interim certificates shall be based
on a retrospective re-evaluation of all the work carried out under the
Contract as claimed by the Contractor up to a date … not exceeding 7 days
before the date of issuing the Certificate itself”.

40 In essence, the clause stipulates how a periodic valuation of work done
under the contract is to be assessed where payment is sought pursuant to the
contractual mechanism for interim payment. It does not purport to extinguish
the contractor’s entitlement to payment under the SOP Act if an interim
certificate is not issued.

41 As observed by Chan ([21] above), the contractual payment scheme exists in
“parallel” with the adjudication scheme under the SOP Act. This is also
consistent with the position taken in New South Wales in relation to the NSW
SOP Act, as summarised in Wong and Chow ([21] above).

42 In my view, there was no issue of cl 32(8)(a) or cl 31(4) of the SIA
Conditions running afoul of s 36 of the SOP Act which prevents contracting out
of the provisions of the SOP Act.

43 As there was no necessity for me to do so, I make no finding on whether or
not Progress Claim No. 9 was an interim or final payment claim under the SIA
Conditions or whether or not other provisions of the SIA Conditions may be
rendered void by virtue of s 36 of the SOP Act.

Conclusion

44 For the foregoing reasons, the application is dismissed. I will hear
parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

