Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  eSys Technologies Pte Ltd _v_ nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGCA 27

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 84 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 March 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J; Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Samuel Chacko, Christopher Yeo and Shi Jingxi (Legis
Point LLC) for the Appellant; Edwin Tong, Kristy Tan and Valerie Tay (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  eSys Technologies Pte Ltd — nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 136.]

25 March 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court Judge (“the Judge”)
in _eSys Technologies Pte Ltd v nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd_ [2012] SGHC
136 (“the Judgment”). It raises, in the main, issues of contractual
interpretation of crucial terms between a financially distressed company and a
corporate finance and restructuring expert.

The factual background

2 eSys Technologies Pte Ltd (“the Appellant”) is engaged in the business of
distributing computer hardware and in particular hard disk drives. Its founder
is Vikas Goel (“Mr Goel”), who is also a 99.999% shareholder and managing
director of the company. The Appellant’s commercial relationship with Seagate
Technology (“Seagate”), a US-based multinational company which designs,
manufactures and markets hard drives, was critical to its business. In
particular, the Appellant relied heavily on its distributorship agreements
with Seagate as 40% of its sales comprised Seagate products.

3 On 6 November 2006, Seagate decided to terminate its worldwide
distributorship agreement with the Appellant and filed a public announcement
with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (“the SEC Announcement”) to
this effect. The SEC announcement alleged that:

(a) The Appellant had committed material breaches of its distribution
agreements with Seagate;

(b) The Appellant had refused to allow Seagate to perform a contractual audit
of its sales records to confirm the accuracy of its rebate claims;

(c) The Appellant’s officials had indicated that an audit would reveal
irregularities in the Appellant’s compliance with the terms of Seagate’s sales
incentive programs and other unspecified irregularities;

(d) Some US$50 million was owed by the Appellant to Seagate; and

(e) Seagate fully intended to pursue its contractual audit rights and claims
against the Appellant.

4 The SEC announcement not only had a crippling effect on the Appellant’s
bottom-line but also seriously damaged its commercial reputation. In
particular, it raised alarm among the Appellant’s trade and bank creditors and
prompted demands for the repayment of, or additional security for, outstanding
loans amounting to a total of some US$50 million. In addition, the Appellant’s
bank creditors cancelled some US$132 million of credit lines and its suppliers
cancelled another US$90.5 million of credit lines. The cancellation of these
various credit lines dried up the Appellant’s cashflow and threatened the
company’s survival as a going concern as it was heavily dependent on credit to
facilitate its trading operations. One of the bank creditors, KBC Bank
(“KBC”), even spoke to the Appellant about KBC’s intentions to appoint a
judicial manager.

5 Given the deluge of creditors’ demands, the key problem facing the Appellant
was the fact that, as it was a trading company whose primary assets were
inventories and receivables, it needed time to first realise its inventories
and collect its receivables, in order to perform its repayment obligations. In
the meantime, the Appellant required help to stave off the creditors’ demands
and prevent them from commencing legal action.

6 In this connection, the Appellant’s legal advisors, Drew & Napier LLC,
recommended nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd (“the Respondent”). On 11 November
2006, an urgent meeting was arranged between Mr Goel and Nicky Tan (“Mr Tan”),
Chief Executive Officer of the Respondent.

The Engagement Letter

7 On 14 November 2006, it was decided that the Appellant would engage the
Respondent as an independent advisor. An agreement for the “appointment of
independent advisor” was executed between the Appellant and the Respondent
(“the Engagement Letter”).

8 The Engagement Letter was drafted by the Respondent and under the heading
“Scope of Work” it listed the following material items (“the Scope of Work
Clause”):

**Scope of Work**

The board of directors of eSys [_ie_ , the Appellant] (“Board of Directors”)
has resolved to and appointed us [_ie_ , the Respondent] as independent
advisor to eSys and its subsidiary and associate companies (together, the
“Group”) to:

...

ii)advise and assist the Group in reviewing and developing strategic options
with the objective of enhancing value to all stakeholders;

iii)advise and assist the Group, as appropriate, on suitable options to
restructure its operational activities and financial arrangements;

...

v)advise and assist the Group in identifying and securing potential investors;

…

9 In addition, under the heading “our fee arrangements”, it was set out that
there would be two distinct component of fees due to the Respondent:

(a) Time costs fee, out of pocket expenses (including fees of any experts or
professionals) and such other fees as may be provided for in any addendum to
the Engagement Letter (“Time Cost Fees”);

(b) A Value Added Fee (“VAF”) computed at 5% of the Total Gross Value Added
(“TGVA”).

10 The TGVA is defined to be the sum total of the following (“the VAF
Clause”):

(a) Value of the Group’s liabilities written off, extinguished, avoided or
restructured;

(b) Fair value of new assets injected and recovered by the Group;

(c) Value of new equity and/or debt raised by the Group; and

(d) Any other value add agreed with [the Appellant] and the Group.

[emphasis added]

11 Under paragraph 8 of Appendix A to the Engagement Letter, it was further
provided that, even after termination of the engagement, the Respondent would
continue to be entitled to any VAF earned if the Appellant adopted or
implemented its advice relating to the scope of work within 36 months from the
date of such termination.

12 Upon execution of the Engagement Letter, the Appellant placed a deposit of
S$2 million (“the deposit”) with the Respondent. The Engagement Letter also
provided that, at the end of the engagement, the balance of the deposit after
setting off all fees and expenses would be returned to the Appellant.

Bank creditors’ meeting

13 Following the Respondent’s engagement, it proceeded to organise a meeting
with the Appellant’s bank creditors. The purpose of the meeting was to
convince the various bank creditors to agree to a standstill, pursuant to
which the bank creditors would withhold their demands for repayments and give
the Appellant more time to repay its debts (“the Bank Liabilities”). The
Respondent thus undertook the preparation of the necessary materials for the
bank creditors’ meeting with this goal in mind. In accordance with the advice
from Mr Tan, the Appellant offered to appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers as the
bank creditors’ financial advisor in order to boost the bank creditors’
confidence in the Appellant.

14 On 24 November 2006, the bank creditors’ meeting was held (“the Meeting”).
Mr Tan chaired the Meeting and informed the bank creditors of the following:

(a) The current financial status of the Appellant;

(b) There were potential investors in the Appellant;

(c) The nature of the Appellant’s business and that it would be in the banks’
best interest to hold off their demands against the Appellant;

(d) The Appellant was in the midst of formulating a repayment plan which it
was estimated would be ready in two weeks;

(e) No creditor would be paid in preference to others; and

(f) The Appellant was prepared to file an application under s 210(10) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), if necessary.

15 The Meeting ended with the banks agreeing to meet among themselves on the
following Tuesday (_ie_ , 28 November 2006). It was resolved that until then
none of the banks would commence legal proceedings against the Appellant to
recover the Bank Liabilities.

16 As it turned out, even after 28 November 2006, none of the bank creditors
commenced legal proceedings against the Appellant and the latter eventually
managed to repay all its debts to its creditors by March 2007.

The Teledata Transaction

17 The other significant work allegedly done by the Respondent related to an
investment by Teledata Informatics Ltd (“Teledata”) of approximately US$100
million in the Appellant (“the Teledata Transaction”). Earlier, on 10 November
2006, soon after Seagate terminated its worldwide distributorship agreements
with the Appellant, a letter of interest was sent by Teledata indicating an
interest on Teledata’s part to purchase 51% of the total paid up equity shares
of the Appellant for a consideration of US$60 million (“the Direct Funding
Structure”). In addition, Teledata would provide a loan of US$40 million to
the Appellant as working capital.

18 According to Mr Tan, during his first meeting with Mr Goel on 11 November
2006, he had informed the latter that the Direct Funding Structure was not a
good idea as it might give the bank creditors impetus to put the Appellant
into liquidation so as to gain access to the fresh funds _via_ a _pari passu_
distribution. Instead, Mr Tan advised that the Appellant should be
restructured so that it became wholly owned by a special purpose vehicle
holding company (“Holdco”), with the new monies being received by Holdco, and
then extended to the Appellant _via_ a conditional secured loan.

19 On 25 November 2006, further discussions took place between Mr Goel and Mr
Tan. On 29 November 2006, a Share Subscription Agreement (“the SSA”) was
entered into by the Appellant, Mr Goel, and Teledata, essentially implementing
the Holdco structure for the purposes of Teledata’s investment. The company
eventually used as the holding company was Rainforest Trading Limited.

20 Mr Goel had had some specific concerns in relation to the Teledata
Transaction. In particular:

(a) He was concerned to exclude the value of a piece of land in India owned by
eSys India, the Appellant’s subsidiary, from the Teledata deal. This was later
effected through the eSys India Transfer Structure; and

(b) He was also keen to receive a cash payout of US$5 million from the
Teledata deal but Teledata was unwilling to pay him an additional sum of
money, over and above the US$60 million.

Mr Tan suggested two methods of achieving this aim, _viz_ , “the Re-evaluation
Excess VG Payment Structure” and “the US$5 million VG Payment Structure”,
respectively.

21 A series of supplemental agreements to the SSA were thus also executed by
the Appellant, Mr Goel and Teledata on 29 November 2006 to give effect to the
above arrangements.

Termination of the Respondent’s engagement

22 On 4 January 2007, the Respondent issued an invoice in the sum of
S$663,759.64 to the Appellant for the services rendered from 14 November 2006
to 31 December 2006.

23 By way of a letter dated 6 February 2007, the Appellant terminated the
Respondent’s appointment, and requested a refund of the balance of the
deposit.

24 On 23 February 2007, the Respondent issued a further invoice for an
additional sum of S$69,680.15 to the Appellant for the services rendered from
1 January 2007 to 6 February 2007. It is undisputed that the fees in both
invoices issued on 4 January 2007 and 23 February 2007 (“the two invoices”)
related solely to the Time Cost Fees and not VAF.

25 The invoice of 23 February 2007 was accompanied by a letter from the
Respondent responding to the Appellant’s letter of termination of 6 February
2007. The Respondent’s letter of 23 February 2007 further referred to
“paragraph 8, Appendix A of our letter of appointment dated 14 November 2006”,
and invited the Appellant to make proposals as to how to deal with the terms
of that paragraph. This was a reference to the VAF which the Respondent could
be entitled to even after termination of the engagement (see above at [11]).

26 On 5 April 2007, an email was sent to Mr Tan by Emily Chay (“Ms Chay”), the
Appellant’s Chief Financial Officer, asking for the refund of the deposit. Mr
Tan replied one day later on 6 April 2007 stating that the Respondent would
“deal with the deposit in accordance with the terms of [the] engagement
letter”.

27 Many months later, on 28 January 2008, Ms Chay wrote again to the
Respondent. She attached a statement of account which set off the two invoices
against the deposit, and pressed for the return of the remainder of the
deposit with interest. On 14 February 2008, the Respondent replied to the
Appellant, stating that the VAF due to the Respondent far exceeded the balance
of the deposit, and that the Respondent had repeatedly asked the Appellant for
the relevant information and documents to facilitate the computation of the
VAF albeit to no avail. In the circumstances, the Respondent requested that
the Appellant provide the said information and documents as soon as possible,
in order to facilitate the computation of the VAF.

28 On 6 August 2010, Legis Point LLC, the solicitors for the Appellant, sent
the Respondent a letter of demand requesting the return of the balance deposit
with interest and an account of the Respondent’s two invoices. Following a
series of exchange of solicitors’ letters, on 9 September 2010 the Appellant
commenced the proceedings that eventually led to the present appeal.

29 On 22 August 2011, the Respondent filed its Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No 1). In particular, the Respondent counterclaimed for VAF in
relation to: (a) the restructured Bank Liabilities; and (b) the injection of
funds _via_ the Teledata Transaction.

The decision in the court below

30 The court below dismissed the Appellant’s claim for an account as well as
its claim for the balance of the deposit, and allowed the Respondent’s
counterclaim for VAF in respect of the Bank Liabilities successfully “re-
structured” by the Respondent as well as for the Teledata deal.

31 The Judge made the following material findings:

(a) It was an implied term of the Engagement Letter that the Respondent was to
provide an account to the Appellant (see the Judgment at [33]);

(b) As the Appellant’s claim for an account was a claim in equity, the
doctrine of laches applied and the Appellant ought to be denied its claim for
an account even though its claim was not time-barred, as it was more than
three and a half years late (see the Judgment at [90] and [91]);

(c) The Appellant’s request for an account was neither genuine nor _bona fide_
(see the Judgment at [92]);

(d) The Respondent was entitled to its counterclaim for VAF on the
restructured Bank Liabilities as the informal standstill achieved by the
Respondent constituted “restructuring” within the meaning of the Engagement
Letter (see the Judgment at [65]–[75]); and

(e) The Respondent was entitled to its counterclaim for VAF on the Teledata
Transaction as the Holdco structure was incorporated into the deal as a result
of the Respondent’s advice (see the Judgment at [80]).

The issues

32 There are three issues which arise for consideration before this court:

(a) Was the Respondent under a legal duty to render an account to the
Appellant with regard to the two invoices sent by the former to the latter;
and, if so, has the Respondent in fact discharged that duty (“Issue 1”)?

(b) Was the Respondent entitled to VAF in relation to the Bank Liabilities
(“Issue 2”)?

(c) Was the Respondent entitled to VAF in relation to the Teledata Transaction
(“Issue 3”)?

33 Let us consider each of these issues _seriatim_.

Issue 1

34 It is now common ground between the parties that it was an implied term
(presumably, a “term implied in fact”) of the Engagement Letter that the
Respondent was obliged to provide an account to the Appellant.

35 The law relating to “terms implied in fact” in the Singapore context is
clear. The governing tests to be applied by the court concerned in
ascertaining whether or not a term should be implied “in fact” in relation to
any given contract are the “business efficacy” test and the “officious
bystander” tests. The tests complement each other, with the officious
bystander test constituting the _practical mode_ by which the business
efficacy test is implemented (see generally the recent decision of this court
in _Foo Jong Peng and others v Phua Kiah Mai and another_ [2012] 4 SLR 1267
(as well as the authorities cited therein), which decision reaffirms these
established principles in the local context and which does not follow the
Privy Council decision of _Attorney General of Belize and others v Belize
Telecom Ltd and another_ [2009] 1 WLR 1988, at least in so far as that
decision departs from the principles just mentioned). Applying both tests to
the present case, it is clear (as the Judge found) that a term ought to be
implied “in fact” in the manner set out in the preceding paragraph. It is
surely necessary to give business efficacy to the Engagement Letter that the
Appellant be furnished with sufficient information by the Respondent to
determine whether the latter’s fees (as contained in the two invoices) are
justified. Indeed, if the officious bystander had asked whether such
information ought to be given, the parties would have unanimously suppressed
him with a testy “Oh, of course!” As the Judge pointed out, this was
buttressed – and, in fact, borne out – by testimony given on behalf of _the
Respondent_ itself (see the Judgment at [32]).

36 However, counsel for the Respondent, Mr Edwin Tong (“Mr Tong”), sought to
argue that this particular implied term also required the Appellant to request
an account _within a reasonable time_ and that this element had not been met
in the present case as the Appellant had only sought the information after a
period of three and a half years from the issuance of the second invoice on 23
February 2007. It seems to us, however, that this argument at least overlaps,
or even deals with (in substance), the same question as the argument from
laches which the Judge adopted in the Respondent’s favour. It would therefore
be appropriate, at this juncture, to turn to and deal directly with the
argument from laches.

37 In our view, there is a threshold difficulty in so far as the argument from
laches is concerned. The Appellant premises its remedy on an implied term
under the _common law_ of contract (_ie_ , it was a legal remedy seeking to
enforce a legal right, where a statutory limitation period applies). There is
local case law holding that in such circumstances the _equitable_ doctrine of
_laches_ is _not_ applicable. In the High Court decision of _Cytec Industries
Pte Ltd v APP Chemicals International (Mau) Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 769 (“ _Cytec
Industries_ ”), Andrew Ang J observed (at [43]–[50]):

43 In a nutshell, the defendant relied on a decision of the English Court of
Appeal, _Habib Bank Ltd v Habib Bank AG Zurich_ [1981] 1 WLR 1265 (“ _Habib
Bank_ ”), to argue that the principle of laches applied equally to equitable
and legal rights. The defendant asserted that taking the modern broad
approach, which involved considering the period of delay, the extent to which
the defendant’s position had been prejudiced and the extent to which that
prejudice was caused by the actions of the plaintiff (_Nelson v Rye_ [1996] 1
WLR 1378 at 1392), it was inequitable for the plaintiff to bring the present
claim because it had not provided any explanation for the delay of
approximately six years and this had caused the defendant to be handicapped in
defending the action because it could no longer find documents relevant to the
claim or locate the personnel which were involved in the material
transactions.

44 The plaintiff took the position that the Court of Appeal, in _Scan
Electronics (S) Pte Ltd v Syed Ali Redha Alsagoff_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 970 at [19]
(“ _Scan Electronics_ ”), had agreed with the trial judge that laches, being
an equitable defence, had no place in the context where the claimant was
asserting rights at law. Such a defence was therefore inapplicable to its
claim for the Debt, which was a legal right. In any event, the plaintiff also
argued that no triable issue had been raised because there was no evidence
that the delay in bringing the claim had caused prejudice to the defendant. On
the contrary, the defendant was merely trying to avoid paying the Debt. It was
significant that, earlier, the defendant had inconsistently sought to stay the
present action on the basis that Indonesia was the more appropriate forum _as
voluminous documentary evidence and all the relevant witnesses were located in
Indonesia_.

45 I came to the conclusion that the defence of laches was not applicable to
the present factual matrix and hence could not present any triable issue.
Additionally, the defendant failed to satisfy me that there was a fair or
reasonable probability that it had a real or _bona fide_ defence of laches
because of the inconsistent positions it had taken on the availability of
evidence in the course of the entire proceedings.

46 Laches is a doctrine of equity. It is properly invoked where essentially
there has been a substantial lapse of time coupled with circumstances where it
would be practically unjust to give a remedy either because the party has by
his conduct done that which might fairly be regarded as equivalent to a waiver
thereof; or, where by his conduct and neglect he had, though perhaps not
waiving that remedy, yet put the other party in a situation in which it would
not be reasonable to place him, if the remedy were afterwards to be asserted
(_Sukhpreet Kaur Bajaj d/o Manjit Singh v Paramjit Singh Bajaj_ [2008] SGHC
207 at [23]; _Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 417 at [32]). This is
a broad-based inquiry and it would be relevant to consider the length of delay
before the claim was brought, the nature of the prejudice said to be suffered
by the defendant, as well as any element of unconscionability in allowing the
claim to be enforced (_Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee_ at [38]). Although simply
stated, the application of the doctrine requires some attention.

47 Warren L H Khoo J, in _Syed Ali Redha Alsagoff v Syed Salim Alhadad bin
Syed Ahmad Alhadad_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 470 at [47], held that laches was
essentially an equitable defence in answer to a claim in equity; hence, where
in that case the claim by the plaintiff as the administrator _de bonis non_
was a claim to assert rights at law of the estate over the property, the
defence of laches had no place. According to Khoo J, this was a case where the
maxim equity follows the law aptly applied. In an appeal against this
decision, _Scan Electronics_ ([44] _supra_), the Court of Appeal stated (at
[19]) in respect of the argument of laches that it “entirely agree[d]” with
the trial judge. It then concluded (at [20]) that:

... unreasonable delay or negligence in pursuing a right or claim,
_particularly an equitable one_ , may be held to disentitle the plaintiff to
relief. ... [emphasis added]

The defendant relied upon that statement for support of its contention that
the doctrine of laches applies even when the claimant was asserting a right at
law. To my mind, that reading of the judgment was untenable as it was
inconsistent with the Court of Appeal’s unequivocal endorsement of Khoo J’s
holding. What, perhaps, the Court of Appeal left unsaid was that laches may
also bar entitlement to equitable remedies in aid of a legal right or claim
(see John McGhee QC, _Snell’s Equity_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2005) (“
_Snell’s Equity_ ”) at para 5-18).

48 The rationale behind this principle becomes clear when one considers the
evolution of the doctrine of laches and the Act [_ie_ , the Limitation Act
(Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)]. Historically, early limitation statutes only applied
to courts of common law (_Snell’s Equity_ at para 5-17). The courts of equity
applied the maxim _vigilantibus, non dormientibus, jura subveniunt_ (equity
aids the vigilant and not the indolent) to control flagrant abuses of its
procedure (at para 5-16). Delays sufficient to prevent a party from obtaining
an equitable remedy were technically called “laches” (at para 5-16). However,
today, the Act (based largely on the UK Limitation Act which developed from
early limitation statutes) prescribes limitation periods for certain equitable
rights, such as claims for non-fraudulent breach of trust (six years) (see s
22(2) of the Act). Although it is plain that the Act does not affect the
equitable jurisdiction of the court to refuse relief on the ground of laches
(_per_ s 32 of the Act), **_where there is a statutory limitation period
operating expressly or by analogy, the plaintiff is generally entitled to the
full statutory period before his claim, whether legal or equitable, becomes
unenforceable_** (_Tay Tuan Kiat v Pritnam Singh Brar_ [1985-1986] SLR(R) 763
at [6], citing _In re Pauling’s Settlement Trusts_ [1964] Ch 303). This was
another application of the maxim equity follows the law. However, the court
retains a discretion to refuse to grant an equitable remedy in aid of a legal
right even though the right is subject to a statutory period which has not
expired (_Snell’s Equity_ at para 5-18). In my view, such a discretion was
exercised in _British and Malayan Trustees Ltd v Sindo Realty Pte Ltd_ [1998]
1 SLR(R) 903 at [64]. Additionally, where there are equitable claims to which
no statutory limitation period applies (see, _eg_ , _Re Estate of Tan Kow
Quee_ ([46] _supra_) concerning the recovery of trust property by the
beneficiary from the trustee), these would naturally be covered by the
doctrine of laches.

49 Contrary to what the defendant argued, the case of _Habib Bank_ ([43]
_supra_) does not stand for the proposition that the doctrine of laches
applies equally to legal rights as it does to equitable rights. All that was
said in that case was that the application of the doctrine of laches did not
depend on whether one was asserting an equitable right or enforcing a legal
right by equitable means. The English Court of Appeal (at 1285) regarded this
distinction as both archaic and arcane and held that the law had developed a
far broader approach to laches, _ie_ , that enunciated at [46] above, that did
not depend upon the historical accident of whether the particular right was
first recognised by the common law or was invented by the Court of Chancery.
This must be correct because in both instances, the equitable jurisdiction of
the court is invoked.

50 Here, just as in _Scan Electronics_ ([44] _supra_), **_a legal remedy was
sought to enforce a legal right, and the defence of laches had no
application_**. Further, **_this was a case where the Act prescribed a
particular statutory bar (s 6(1) read with s 26(2) of the Act)_** and
considering all the circumstances of the case, in particular the inconsistent
positions taken by the defendant in respect of the existence of supporting
evidence, there was no reason for equity to intervene. In fact, this was a
case which warranted the robust approach to summary judgment described in _Hua
Khian Ceramics Tiles Supplies Pte Ltd v Torie Construction Pte Ltd_ [1991] 2
SLR(R) 901 and reiterated in _MP-Bilt Pte Ltd v Oey Widarto_ [1999] 1 SLR(R)
908 at [13]-[14].

[italics in original; emphasis in bold italics added]

38 There is certainly much to commend in the reasoning of Andrew Ang J in
_Cytec Industries_ as set out in the preceding paragraph (and endorsed by
Quentin Loh JC as well in the High Court decision of _Tan Yong San v Neo Kok
Eng and others_ [2011] SGHC 30 at [97]–[100]) and we gratefully adopt it
(subject to the caveat mentioned below at [41]–[42]). The doctrine of laches
therefore _cannot_ apply in the context of the present case.

39 In Andrew McGee, _Limitation Periods_ (6th Ed, Sweet & Maxwell, 2010) at
para 3.021, it was also observed that:

The Limitation Acts are the only general provision which require that an
action be brought within a given time. _There is no such thing as a common law
limitation period and it would be quite inappropriate at the present time for
the courts to attempt to develop such a common law doctrine_. In the case of
equitable remedies, by contrast, it is clear that lapse of time amounting to
much less than the statutory limitation periods can cause such prejudice to
the defendant as to render the granting of the remedy inappropriate. [emphasis
added, footnote omitted]

40 The observation by the learned author in the preceding paragraph, together
with _Cytec Industries_ , effectively disposes of the Respondent’s suggestion
that there exists an implied term requiring the Appellant to request an
account _within a shorter period of time_ than that afforded to it under s 6
of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Limitation Act”). Indeed,
allowing the Respondent’s argument to succeed would, in our view, be to permit
the Respondent to obtain by the back door what it could not obtain by the
front. Given that the Appellant had six years to mount _any claim under the
contract_ entered into between the parties pursuant to s 6 of the Limitation
Act, we do not see any juristic basis for the Respondent to argue that the
Appellant should have brought their claim earlier based on the authorities
cited above.

41 In arriving at our decision, we are fully cognizant of _Management
Corporation Strata Title No 473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd_ [2002] 1 SLR(R)
418 (“ _De Beers_ ”), where this court was willing to apply the doctrine of
laches to a _common law_ claim in restitution even though no equitable relief
was sought. The proposition put forth in _Cytec Industries_ – _ie_ , that the
doctrine of laches _could not_ apply to a claim at common law where no
equitable remedies are sought – would appear, at first blush, to contradict
this court’s decision in _De Beers_. We note, however, that _De Beers_ could
possibly be distinguished on the basis that, unlike a claim founded on
contract (as is the case in the present appeal), a claim in restitution (which
was the situation in _De Beers_) does not, on its face, appear to fit neatly
into any of the causes of action set out in s 6 of the Limitation Act (see _De
Beers_ at [32]). However, some doubt appears to have been cast on such an
approach by this court in its recent decision in _OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos
Ad Sdn Bhd_ [2012] 4 SLR 231 (“ _OMG Holdings_ ”) where it was suggested (at
[41], albeit only by way of _obiter dicta_) that a claim in restitution (at
least in so far as it is coincident with a quasi-contractual claim) “could
well be time-barred under [s 6] of the Limitation Act”. This court in _OMG
Holdings_ made this suggestion after considering, _inter alia_ , the English
High Court decision of _Kleinwort Benson Ltd v Sandwell Borough Council_
[1994] 4 All ER 890 (“ _Kleinwort Benson_ ”), where Hobhouse J was of the view
(at 942–943) that the limitation period of six years for an action “founded on
simple contract” was “sufficiently broad” to encompass a claim for money had
and received because such a claim was quasi-contractual. It might be noted –
parenthetically – that _Kleinwort Benson_ was (as noted by the High Court in
_Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd v Yeow Chern Lean_ [2010] 3 SLR 213 (“
_Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction_ ”) at [17]) not brought to the attention of
this court in _De Beers_ nor to that of the High Court, whose decision (in
_Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd_
[2001] 2 SLR(R) 669) it affirmed. Be that as it may, it suffices to note, for
the purposes of the present appeal, that the underlying thread in both _De
Beers_ and _OMG Holdings_ appears to be that it would be contrary to both
logic as well as public policy for there to be no applicable time constraint
whatsoever to a claim founded on restitution as opposed to contract or tort
(see _Report of the Law Reform Committee on the Review of the Limitation Act
(Cap 163)_ (February 2007) (Chairman: Charles Lim Aeng Cheng) of the Singapore
Academy of Law at para 29 as well as _Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction_ at [24]).
Indeed, in Terence Prime & Gary Scanlan, _The Law of Limitation_ (Oxford
University Press, 2nd Ed, 2002), the learned authors also observed (in
relation to the UK context, which observation applies generally) thus (at p
304):

…according to [_Re Pauling’s Settlement Trusts_ [1962] 1 WLR 86], laches can
only be used by a party to a claim where either the [Limitation Act] or
another statute does not provide for a limitation period in respect of the
relevant claim.

42 Nevertheless, the specific issues of (a) whether (and precisely when) the
doctrine of laches is applicable to a common law claim; and (b) whether a
restitutionary action falls within the ambit of s 6 of the Limitation Act were
not argued before us (as the Respondent did not even expressly rely on the
doctrine of laches, nor was its claim founded on restitution) and we would
prefer not to express any conclusive view, leaving it to a future court to
decide these issues when they next arise squarely for its determination. In
the present appeal, it suffices for us to point out that, unlike the situation
in _De Beers_ , the Appellant’s claim is founded on contract and is regulated
by the Limitation Act. Having regard to the authorities cited above, we are of
the view that neither the doctrine of laches nor an obligation to request an
account earlier than the period of three and a half years taken by the
Appellant applies or arises in the context of the present appeal.

43 Given our rejection of the Respondent’s arguments centring on the implied
term, has the Respondent nevertheless furnished the requisite account in any
event _via_ Mr Tan’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) filed on 19
October 2011 (“the 19 October 2011 AEIC”) read together with the relevant
exhibits thereto? Having perused the documents just mentioned, we are of the
view that there has _not_ been a sufficient account given. We envisage that a
sufficient account would have been more organised and detailed.

44 In particular, Mr Tan deposed at para 475 of the 19 October 2011 AEIC that
the system for recording time and expenses at the Respondent, and for billing
clients, was through the “Time and Expense Report Excel File” which were
spreadsheets maintained by each individual employee. Even a cursory review of
these spreadsheets, however, reveals that they are merely a collation of the
number of hours worked each day on the matter concerned by each employee, as
well as of that employee’s expense claims. There is no description at all of
the type of work performed by the employee who submitted the time sheets over
the time period billed. This is despite the fact that the first column of each
time sheet is entitled “Client Name and Description of Work”. While we
acknowledge that the level of detail recorded in time sheets for the purposes
of billing may vary across different industries, we are of the view that, at
the very minimum, some description of the nature of work performed over each
time period is necessary, for the process would otherwise be rendered
perfunctory and (more importantly) of no utility and intelligibility in so far
as the client (here, the Appellant) is concerned. For instance, in the present
case, the Time and Expense Report filed for Mr Dan Yock Hian, a Director of
the Respondent, for December 2006 merely reflects that he worked a total of
139.5 hours that month, with the breakdown of the number of hours he worked
each day of that month, and nothing more.

45 It further bears mentioning that, according to Mr Tan, the Respondent’s
consultants were not subject to even the Excel spreadsheet system of recording
and “it is up to them to keep their own time records in a manner which suits
them”. In addition, Mr Tan himself was also not subject to the Excel
spreadsheet system of recording and instead he apparently kept a manual record
of the hours he spent on the various matters.

46 For the purposes of providing an account to a client in order to justify
billings, it is evident that the spreadsheets provided by the Respondent were
manifestly lacking. Indeed, Mr Tan himself implicitly accepted this when he
said at para 478 of the 19 October 2011 AEIC that:

As I have explained, nTan [_ie_ , the Respondent] does not maintain a time
recording system such as those typically employed in law firms, where time
entries with corresponding descriptions of work are entered into an electronic
time recording system. However, this entire AEIC contains a detailed
description of the key areas of work undertaken by nTan [_ie_ , the
Respondent] during its engagement by the Plaintiff [_ie_ , the Appellant].

47 With respect, we are unable to accept that the Respondent is allowed to
simply rely on the description contained in Mr Tan’s affidavit (_ie_ , the 19
October 2011 AEIC) to supplement what was so manifestly lacking in the time
sheets provided. As the Respondent charges its fees on a _time-costing basis_
, we find its insistence that it “does not maintain a time recording system
such as those typically employed in law firms” to be, while descriptively apt,
legally and normatively wanting.

48 Whilst the Respondent in the present appeal might have been engaged in
merely a _private contractual dealing_ with the Appellant, its role _vis-à-
vis_ the Appellant is substantially similar to that of an “insolvency
practitioner” engaged by a financially distressed company for its professional
assistance. As such, the following admonition in the High Court decision of
_Re Econ Corp Ltd (in provisional liquidation)_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 264 (at [61])
applies in equal measure to the Respondent in the present case:

It is imperative that the insolvency practitioner provides the court, and …
the [relevant parties] … with _sufficient material to justify the remuneration
claimed_. Without attempting to exhaustively catalogue the information and
documents that ought to be included, suffice it to say that there should be
adequate information, supported by documents (if necessary) evidencing the
following:

(a) The identity of the particular person who has done the work, together with
his seniority and years of experience in the relevant area of expertise.

(b) The circumstance of the appointment, the nature of the tasks undertaken
and identifying any special or unusual features of the tasks undertaken …

(c) The need for and the role of the various team members …

(d) _Time spent in carrying out the various tasks_. This again calls for a
_breakdown identifying the tasks and persons employed to carry out the tasks_.
Contemporaneous documents like time sheets should be produced, if required,
for verification.

[emphasis added]

49 In the circumstances, we find it unsatisfactory for the Respondent to
simply make reference to the key areas of work undertaken by the Respondent
during its engagement by the Appellant for the purposes of meeting the
obligation of furnishing an account of the time spent, which calls for a
“breakdown identifying _the tasks_ and persons employed”. Unless the account
provided was _sufficiently organised and contained adequate detail of the work
performed by each of the Respondent’s employees over the time period billed
for_ , the _obligation to account_ would be devoid of meaning. We also reject
the Respondent’s complaint that “[the Appellant] _never_ made an issue at
trial over _the truth of the contents of the time sheets_ ” (underlining in
original), for the simple reason that without the _adequate detail_ warranted
by law in the respective time sheets, it was not open to the Appellant to
evaluate the truth of the contents of the time sheets even if it had wanted
to.

50 For the foregoing reasons, we allow the appeal on this particular issue and
order that the Respondent render a proper account of the work it has done for
the Appellant based on our holding at [49] above. In the meantime, the deposit
of S$2 million will continue to be held by the Respondent. It is hoped,
however, that the parties will be able to arrive at a sensible arrangement
with respect to this particular issue.

Issue 2

51 The nub of the Respondent’s case with regard to this particular issue is
neatly encapsulated within the following paragraph in the Judgment (see the
Judgment at [39]):

The [Respondent’s] case was that it successfully restructured the
[Appellant’s] liabilities _vis-á-vis_ the bank creditors. As such, it was
entitled to VAF amounting to 5% of such liabilities. In this regard, the
[Respondent’s] main contention was that it had successfully secured agreement
from the bank creditors to stave off their demands, thereby enabling the
[Appellant] to eventually repay its debts.

52 Indeed, in delivering her decision with regard to this particular issue,
the Judge restated – in similar terms – what appeared to her to be the
“critical issue for determination”, as follows (see the Judgment at [64]):

The critical issue for determination is, did the informal standstill by the
banks _restructure_ liabilities pursuant to the VAF clause? It was not
disputed that [the Respondent] was instrumental in getting the bank creditors
to agree to an informal standstill. What was disputed, however, was whether
the informal standstill “restructured” the liabilities of [the Appellant] in a
manner which would entitle [the Respondent] to a VAF. According to [the
Respondent’s] case, it had completed item (iii) of the Scope of Work Clause
... by advising and assisting [the Appellant] in restructuring [the
Appellant’s] financial arrangements, which led to [the Appellant’s]
liabilities being restructured or avoided pursuant to (a) of the VAF Clause
... [emphasis in original]

53 As already noted above, the Judge decided this issue in favour of the
Respondent, observing thus (see the Judgment at [65]):

In my view, given the context in which the Engagement Letter was entered into,
the standstill agreement undoubtedly entitled [the Respondent] to claim VAF
pursuant to the Engagement Letter. Consequently, VAF is payable to [the
Respondent] calculated at 5% of the total bank liabilities which were the
subject of the standstill agreement.

54 The crucial parts of the Engagement Letter (as the Judge identified),
include item (iii) of the Scope of Work Clause, which reads as follows:

advise and assist the Group, as appropriate, on suitable options to
**_restructure_** its _operational activities and financial arrangements_
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

55 Another crucial part (also identified by the Judge) is (a) of the VAF
Clause, which reads as follows:

Value of the Group’s liabilities _written off, extinguished, avoided_** _or
restructured_** [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

56 A closer analysis of the _factual matrix_ of the present case is warranted
at this stage. It is clear, from the minutes of the Meeting, that the informal
standstill which Mr Tan achieved would definitely last _only until the
following Tuesday_ (see above at [15]). It was _patently unclear_ what would
happen _beyond_ that particular point in time. A _binding legal agreement_
between the Appellant and the bank creditors was absent _–_ as the bank
creditors had merely agreed to hold their hands until (_only_) the following
Tuesday after the Meeting. More importantly, perhaps, it is clear that –
absent a binding legal agreement between the Appellant on the one hand and the
bank creditors on the other – any one (or more, or all) of the bank creditors
could have, _at any time_ , _chosen to have resiled from the informal
standstill_. Put simply, there was no indication how long – beyond the Tuesday
following the Meeting – the informal standstill would have lasted. Mr Tong
submitted that the Respondent was responsible for an ongoing effort to
maintain the informal standstill. However, what evidence there is on record
does not bear this out, bearing in mind the fact that the burden of proof in
this particular regard lies on the Respondent. Notwithstanding these factual
deficiencies, it remained the Respondent’s case throughout the hearing before
us that the informal standstill “restructured” the Bank Liabilities of the
Appellant, thus entitling the Respondent to the VAF.

57 In our opinion, the Respondent’s view of what constituted a “restructuring”
for the purposes of a claim under item (iii) of the Scope of Work Clause read
with (a) of the VAF Clause is unpersuasive _in the context of the Engagement
Letter_. As a matter of sound contractual interpretation, “restructuring” in
the present context necessarily entailed a _systematic_ change in the
structure of the operational activities and/or of the financial arrangements
of the Appellant. Put simply, a _literal_ change, even if effected on the
advice and with the assistance of the Respondent, _would not_ be sufficient to
amount to a “restructuring” within the meaning of the Engagement Letter
between the parties if it did not contain this element of _system or
structure._ We will now elaborate on why we have come to this view.

58 Looking at its plain English meaning, the word “restructuring” already
_connotes_ a _structure_ such that a _temporary and/or ad hoc_ approach would
generally be _insufficient_. However, a more nuanced approach is required as
explained in Pearlie Koh & Andrew Phang Boon Leong, “Express and Implied
Terms” in ch 6 of _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Andrew Phang Boon Leong
gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) as follows (at para 06.042):

This is not merely a matter of understanding what the meaning of the _words_
are, which, as Lord Hoffmann explained, is simply “a matter of dictionaries
and grammars”, but involves ascribing to the words that meaning which the
parties, using those words **_against the relevant background_** , would have
reasonably been understood to mean. The resultant meaning may or may not
accord with either party’s _subjective_ intention, for the purpose of the
process of construction is to be identify and give effect to the parties’
intentions, _objectively_ ascertained. [italics in the original; emphasis
added in bold italics]

59 The “relevant background” that would be helpful in this hermeneutical
exercise comes from, invariably: (a) the industry practice; and (b) the entire
contract properly construed. On the first point of inquiry, the court is
guided by asking “what a reasonable person _in the position of the parties_
would have understood the words to mean” (see _Chitty on Contracts_ , vol 1 (H
G Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2012) (“ _Chitty on Contracts_ ”)
at para 12-043 [emphasis added]; see also the House of Lords decision of
_Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1
WLR 896 at 912). This entails an inquiry into the issue as to whether, _in the
practice of insolvency or restructuring_ , an “informal standstill” in itself
is sufficient to constitute the very meaning of the word “restructuring”.

60 In Christopher Mallon and Shai Y Waisman, _The Law and Practice of
Restructuring in the UK and US_ (Oxford University Press, 2011) (“Mallon and
Waisman”), the learned authors described a “contractual standstill” as follows
(at para 6.09):

A contractual standstill is often combined with waivers and/or amendments and
involves lenders agreeing that for certain prescribed events of default, the
lenders will not exercise their rights to accelerate. Where not in conjunction
with a waiver or amendment the standstill may be all that can be achieved if
there are insufficient lenders positively [_sic_] to grant a waiver or
amendment. _In either case the intention is to give the company a breathing
space in which to negotiate a set of permanent amendments or a full balance
sheet restructuring_. [emphasis added]

61 In essence, we understand Mallon and Waisman’s description of a standstill
as being a _prelude to the eventual restructuring_ of a financially distressed
company, rather than constituting the entire “restructuring” process itself.
This description is in harmony with the “London Approach” mentioned in Alice
Belcher, _Corporate Rescue: A Conceptual Approach to Insolvency Law_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 1997) where a standstill is described as the first of four phases
which “allows information to be gathered and a plan to be formulated” (at p
119). Given that a similar process can be identified in the local case law as
well (see the High Court decision of _Citibank NA v Lim Soo Peng and Another_
[2004] SGHC 266), it could be said that “a reasonable person _in the position
of the parties_ ” would have understood the word “restructuring” as connoting
more than simply an “informal standstill”.

62 Be that as it may, counsel for the Appellant, Mr Samuel Chacko (“Mr
Chacko”), was prepared to concede that a “restructuring” _could_ take the form
of simply a _change_ in the legal obligations owed by his client to the bank
creditors, such that a _standstill of a binding legal effect_ which required
the bank creditors to hold their hands for _a specific period of time_ could
be described as “restructuring”. However, these elements were _wholly absent_
on the facts of the present appeal. As Mr Chacko correctly pointed out, there
was, in substance, _no change whatsoever_ in the obligations owed by the
Appellant to the bank creditors. While Mr Tong sought to run the argument
during oral submissions that _by the conduct of the banks_ , they had given
the Appellant an extension of time constituting a change in the latter’s
obligations, it was pointed out to him that the Appellant’s debts were _still_
due and payable beyond the Tuesday following the Meeting; and subsequently,
the Appellant had duly paid the debts _on the basis that they were always and
at all material times due and payable_.

63 As Mr Tong candidly admitted (and, correctly, in our view, based on the
relevant evidence on record before us), the informal standstill arrived at in
the context of the present case was _not legally binding_. This is _not_ to
state that a _legally binding_ agreement or arrangement could _not_ have been
arrived at between the Appellant and the bank creditors, even in the context
of an informal standstill. Put simply, the agreement would have been
“informal” only inasmuch as it was _not yet_ rendered _into the form of a
written document_. It is, however, clear that this conception of the concept
of “informality” was _not_ (as just noted) what the Respondent was referring
to. It was, instead, an arrangement that was _not only_ oral _but also not
intended to have any binding legal effect at all_. Therefore, _even on_ Mr
Chacko’s _concession_ , the informal standstill does not constitute a
“restructuring” in the present circumstances.

64 At this juncture, it is important for us to point out that we are _not_
oblivious to the _commercial possibility_ of parties preferring an informal
(_ie_ , non-legally binding) standstill arrangement, _nor are we prescribing
to insolvency practitioners how restructuring arrangements should be
conducted_. We acknowledge the multi-faceted complexity of these professional
undertakings and take heed of Prof Roy Goode’s views in Roy Goode, _Principles
of Corporate Insolvency Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2011) at p 479 that:

A common practice is for a formal standstill (or “lock-in”) agreement to be
prepared but to leave it unsigned, at least in the first instance and
sometimes without it ever being signed at all. So often any standstill is non-
contractual and operates _de facto_ rather than pursuant to a binding
obligation. There may, indeed be no standstill agreement at all, merely a
general understanding among creditors to refrain from enforcement action for a
given period. The reason for not having a signed agreement is that
negotiations can be very protracted, particularly where there are many
creditors and the financing structure is complex, so that it is better to have
creditors informally assenting to a standard set of terms, albeit lacking
contractual force, than to leave everything in the air.

65 However, this is precisely where a second point of inquiry to take into
account the “relevant background” (see above at [59]) is of critical
importance. To reiterate, the role of this court is not to determine, in the
abstract, or even as a matter of general law, whether and when an informal
standstill can constitute the whole of a restructuring process. Rather, we are
merely interpreting, as a question of _fact_ in relation to _this_ case, the
meaning of the word “restructuring” _in the context of the Engagement Letter_.
On this note, it is trite law that the contract between the parties in general
and the relevant portions of that agreement that bear upon the present issue
in particular must be viewed _contextually_ (see the leading decision of this
court in _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029). Indeed, as this court observed in
_Straits Advisors Pte Ltd v Behringer Holdings (Pte) Ltd and another and
another application_ [2010] 1 SLR 760 (at [8]), “[n]arrow and technical
constructions which are inconsistent with the whole scheme of a given contract
and the circumstances in which it was concluded must be eschewed”. It is also
mentioned in _Chitty on Contracts_ (at para 12-063) that “[e]very contract is
to be construed with reference to … the whole of its terms, and accordingly,
the whole context must be considered in endeavouring to interpret it, even
though the immediate object of inquiry is the meaning of an isolated word or
clause”.

66 As the Appellant has correctly highlighted, the Engagement Letter provides
for a _two-tier structure of fees_ payable to the Respondent (see above at
[9]). The VAF which the Respondent sought to recover in its counterclaim is a
second tier, success fee; a substantial _additional_ amount on top of the
remuneration the Respondent would already be receiving for all work performed
based on the actual time costs incurred (pursuant to the first tier, Time Cost
Fees). In construing whether there had been “restructuring” _entitling the
Respondent to the VAF_ , it cannot be the case (nor would it have been the
parties’ intention) that any “tangible value … that nTan [_ie_ , the
Respondent] [had] secured for eSys [_ie_ , the Appellant]” would _necessarily_
entitle the Respondent to the VAF. Such a result would be entirely at variance
with (a) of the VAF Clause (which has been reproduced above at [55]) and
which, by its very language, contemplates at least some _substantive change_ ,
as is evident by the words “written off”, “extinguished” and “avoided”. The
word “restructured” which follows the aforementioned words must, in our view,
be construed and, indeed, take its meaning from the rationale, spirit as well
as context underlying those words. The informal standstill does not – and
cannot – constitute a “restructuring” in the manner contemplated in the
Engagement Letter between the parties as it was nothing more than a
_temporary_ arrangement that could be resiled from at any time; put simply, it
was an arrangement that had _no_ real _structure or framework or system_ as
such. The _absence_ of a _legal framework_ immediately undermines the
desideratum – indeed, _necessity_ – of a _systematic_ change in the structure
of either the operational activities and/or financial arrangements of the
Appellant; which change is, in our view, a datum or fundamental requirement or
prerequisite before a “restructuring” can be said to have taken place _within
the meaning of the Engagement Letter between the parties_.

67 No one can gainsay the fact that, as a result of the Respondent’s efforts
through Mr Tan at the Meeting, some breathing space was obtained for the
Appellant. However, how long that breathing space would last and how much
“commercial oxygen” would result was (as we have noted) unclear. The
Respondent should undoubtedly be remunerated for its efforts in accordance
with the account ordered above (at [50]) for work done in this particular
respect under Time Cost Fees, but it is clear that it is _not_ entitled to the
_additional_ remuneration by way of a VAF as there had been _no_
“restructuring” for the reasons set out above. In the circumstances, we find
that there had been _no_ “restructuring” within the meaning of the Engagement
Letter between the parties and the Appellant therefore succeeds on this
particular issue.

Issue 3

68 In so far as this particular issue is concerned, the Respondent based its
claim on both items (ii) and (v) of the Scope of Work Clause, which read as
follows:

(ii) _advise and assist_ the Group in _reviewing and developing strategic
options with the objective of enhancing value to all stakeholders_ ;

...

(_v_) _advise and assist_ the Group in _identifying_** _and_** _securing
potential investors_ ;

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The Respondent submitted that the work it had performed for the Teledata
Transaction (_ie_ , items (ii) and (v) above) had resulted in the injection of
“new equity raised by the Appellant” pursuant to (c) of the VAF Clause (see
above at [10]), thus entitling it to VAF of 5% of the Teledata Transaction.

69 Mr Chacko argued that item (v) (reproduced in the preceding paragraph) was
clearly inapplicable on the facts. In particular, he argued that the
Respondent had neither “identified” nor “secured” the loan pursuant to the
Teledata Transaction (“the Loan”). Mr Tong, on the other hand, whilst
conceding that the Loan had not been “identified” by the Respondent (the Loan
having already been onstream even prior to the employment of the Respondent by
the Appellant), argued that the Loan had nevertheless been “secured” through
the efforts of the Respondent.

70 We find great force in Mr Chacko’s argument simply because, as he argued,
item (v) contemplates a _cumulative_ effort of _not only_ “identifying” _but
also_ “securing” potential investors. That this is so is clear from, as Mr
Chacko argued, the word “ _and_ ” between the words “identifying” and
“securing” in item (v) itself. This is, in our view, no mere literal exercise
and is consonant with the rationale centring on the element of reward for
_additional_ effort _and_ results inherent in the award of the VAF to the
Respondent. In particular, it is not unreasonable for the parties to have
agreed that mere identification of a potential investor would not be
sufficient but that, if such was coupled with the securing of a potential
investor, that would suffice to satisfy the requirements of item (v) and
enable the Respondent to secure the award of a VAF pursuant to (c) of the VAF
Clause.

71 However, even _assuming_ that the requirements of “identifying” and
“securing” of potential investors are _disjunctive_ ones, we are of the view
that the latter requirement has nevertheless _not_ been met by the Respondent.
Let us elaborate.

72 The Respondent’s argument in so far as the alleged fulfilment of item (v)
is concerned rests on the fact that it had, by proffering the advice it did,
assisted the Appellant in “securing” the Loan. Much would therefore turn on
the meaning of the word “securing” in item (v), looked at in the _context_ of
item (v) in particular and the agreement between the parties in general.

73 Crucially, we observe that the Loan was already onstream _even before_ the
Appellant had engaged the Respondent. The Respondent’s argument, however, is
that it had – through Mr Tan – advised the Appellant to _modify_ the _form_ in
which the Loan should be structured (principally, by recourse to a Holdco
structure, as opposed to simply receiving the funds concerned directly), which
modification was apparently adopted by the Appellant in the contract entered
into in relation to the Loan. _However_ , whether or not the _modified_ form
in which the Loan was structured was _superior to_ the original form in which
the Loan was to be structured is, in our view, an exercise in _speculation_.
_Even if_ this were _not_ the case, it is _not_ entirely clear that, _if_ the
Loan had been structured in the _latter_ fashion (_ie_ , in its _original
form_), the results sought to be achieved by the Appellant would _not_ , on
balance, have materialised. _In any event_ , item (v) relates – in the context
of the present case – to a situation in which it was _the Loan_ which was “
_secured_ ”, _regardless of what happened subsequently to the funds received
pursuant to the Loan_. Looked at in _this_ light, it is clear, in our view,
that _the Loan_ was, in fact, “ _secured_ ” by _the Appellant even prior to
its engagement of the Respondent_.

74 Let us turn now to the Respondent’s primary argument before us, _viz_ ,
that it had fulfilled the requirements under item (ii) (reproduced above at
[68]) thus entitling it to 5% of the value of new equity brought about by the
Teledata Transaction. In our view, item (ii) has been phrased in too broad a
fashion. Indeed, it is so broad as to encompass virtually any action by the
Respondent – save for the most trivial of actions. More importantly, this
particular item does not appear to be result-driven. How, then, can it be
ascertained whether or not the “strategic options” reviewed as well as
developed (in the words of item (ii) themselves) were done so “ _with_ the
objective of enhancing value to all stakeholders” [emphasis added] resulting
in “new equity and/or debt” to the benefit of the Appellant? And, given the
potential ease with which item (ii) can be met, it would be a fairly simple
task for the Respondent to then rely on this particular item in order to
trigger the payment of VAF under the VAF Clause for _all kinds_ of “new equity
and/or debt” raised by the Appellant in the period it has engaged the
Respondent. But could this have been the _common intention_ of the _parties_?
We would hardly think that this could have been the case – especially when we
bear in mind the fact that a VAF is fundamentally premised on there being a
_substantive (and additional) value_ which has resulted from the Respondent’s
work. As alluded to earlier at [66], it could _not_ have been intended by the
parties, unless it was expressly drafted as such, that a VAF could be charged
based on _any_ work performed by the Respondent (which would, as we have
noted, have invariably come within the ambit of item (ii), given the extremely
broad and general manner in which it has been phrased).

75 It seems to us, therefore, that for the purposes of satisfying (c) of the
VAF Clause, item (ii) ought – given its immense generality – to be read _in
tandem_ with the more specific (as well as concrete) item (v). In other words,
the Respondent would only be entitled to VAF in relation to (c) of the VAF
Clause (read together with items (ii) and (v) of the Scope of Work Clause) if
it has _reviewed and developed strategic options_ with the Appellant, and
having done so, _procured or introduced an investor who makes the investment_
into the Appellant. As these elements were not present, the Respondent is not
entitled to the VAF it claimed to have earned _via_ the Teledata Transaction.

76 In the result, the Respondent’s claim for the VAF with respect to the Loan
pursuant to the Teledata Transaction fails to pass muster under both item (ii)
as well as item (v) of the Scope of Work Clause. The Appellant’s appeal on
this particular issue therefore succeeds as well.

Conclusion

77 For the reasons set out above, the Appellant succeeds with regard to all
three issues. We therefore allow the appeal with costs. The usual
consequential orders will apply.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Mar 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

