Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ng Teng Yi Melvin _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 267

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 130 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 December 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Zaminder Gill Singh (M/s Hillborne & Co) for the
appellant; Timotheus Koh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Ng Teng Yi Melvin — Public Prosecutor  
  
9 December 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

1 The appellant was sentenced to 4 months’ imprisonment and fined $30,000 (in
default, 4 weeks’ imprisonment) upon his guilty plea to a charge of assisting
in the business of unlicensed moneylending (“AUML”) together with two other
persons, in furtherance of the common intention of them all, by splashing
paint on a unit door and writing graffiti on a wall at a staircase landing of
a housing block. This was an offence under s 5 of the Moneylenders Act (Cap
188, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), punishable under s 14(1)(b)(i) and s 14(1A)(a)
of the same read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). A similar
charge was taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. The
appellant filed the present appeal against the sentence on the ground that it
was manifestly excessive.

Background facts

2 The appellant’s friend, one Gerald Tan (“Gerald”) had defaulted on his $500
loan from an unlicensed moneylender, one Jason. Gerald asked Jason to give him
more time to make repayment, which request Jason refused. Instead, Jason
offered Gerald the job of harassing debtors for which the latter would be paid
$80 per unit harassed. On 6 July 2010 at about noon, Gerald called the
appellant (who was 20 years old then) and promised him a monetary reward if he
assisted him with the harassment. The appellant readily agreed and bought the
paint. Gerald also managed to recruit a second assistant, one Alicia Tay
(“Alicia”).

3 That same night, the trio went up to the 13th floor of a housing block. The
appellant used an indelible black marker to write “O$P$ #13-129 84465725
Simon” on the wall of the landing. Gerald then discovered that the door of the
targeted unit was ajar. He called Jason, who instructed him to splash paint
instead on the door of another unit. Gerald conveyed Jason’s instructions to
the appellant, who accordingly splashed red paint on the door of unit #13-121.
Throughout these events, Alicia acted as a look-out. The trio were arrested by
the police at the scene at around 10 pm.

4 The trio were charged on 8 July 2010. They were all first time offenders. On
16 September 2010, Gerald pleaded guilty to two counts of harassment on behalf
of an unlicensed money-lender (“harassment”) with common intention. On 7
October 2010, he was sentenced to Reformative Training with a 20 months’
custodial term. On 22 September 2010, Alicia pleaded guilty to one count of
harassment with common intention. On 7 October 2010, she was placed on
probation.

5 As for the appellant, the initial two charges of harassment brought against
him were eventually reduced to two charges of AUML with common intention. One
charge was proceeded with while the second was taken into consideration for
the purposes of sentencing. The appellant pleaded guilty to the amended charge
on 3 April 2013, when he was 22 years old. He was subsequently sentenced to 4
months’ imprisonment and fined $30,000 (in default, 4 weeks’ imprisonment) on
19 June 2013, by which time he had turned 23 years old.

The decision below

6 The District Judge (“DJ”) below gave her written grounds on the sentence
imposed in _Public Prosecutor v Ng Teng Yi Melvin_ [2013] SGDC 207 (“the GD”).

7 Under s 14(1)(b)(i) of the Act, a fine of not less than $30,000 and not more
than $300,000 and a mandatory imprisonment term not exceeding 4 years is
imposable for the offence in question. A first-time offender is also liable to
be punished with not more than 6 strokes of the cane under s 14(1A)(a) of the
Act. As the Prosecution did not seek caning in the present case, the issues
before the DJ were confined to the appropriate length of the imprisonment term
and the quantum of the fine. The appellant was not eligible for probation
under s 5 of the Probation of Offenders Act (Cap 252, 1985 Rev Ed) because he
was more than 21 years old at the date of his conviction.

8 In determining the sentence to be imposed on the appellant, the DJ
considered that the role that the appellant played in both the preparation and
the execution of the offence was an aggravating factor. It was immaterial that
the appellant was eventually not paid the reward promised by Gerald as they
were all arrested at the scene. The DJ was of the view that the sentence
sought by the Prosecution of a 6 months’ imprisonment term was not
unreasonable on the facts of the offence, having regard, in particular, to two
precedents cited by the Prosecution where charges brought against the accused
persons were similarly reduced from harassment to AUML. The brief details of
these two precedents are as follows:

(a) In _Public Prosecutor v Chia Kok Hua_ (DAC 12494/2012) (“ _Chia Kok Hua_
”), the accused was sentenced to 6 months’ imprisonment and $40,000 fine (in
default, 2 months’ imprisonment); and

(b) In _Public Prosecutor v Tan Lian Tong_ (DAC 31036/2012) (“ _Tan Lian Tong_
”), the accused was sentenced to 4 months’ imprisonment and $30,000 fine (in
default, 4 weeks’ imprisonment).

9 The DJ, however, also took into consideration in the appellant’s favour his
young age at the time of the offence, the fact that he was a first-time
offender, the fact that he was and still is suffering from attention deficit
hyperactivity disorder (“ADHD”), as well as the fact that from the date of the
commission of the offence to the date on which he was sentenced by the court,
a period of almost three years, the appellant had not only stayed out of
trouble but had taken steps to improve himself. She concluded that a fair
sentence would be 4 months’ imprisonment and a fine of $30,000 (in default, 4
weeks’ imprisonment).

The parties’ contentions

10 Counsel for the appellant contended in the main that the DJ failed to give
sufficient weight to the appellant’s ADHD. It was submitted that this factor,
when weighed together with the other mitigating factors considered by the DJ
(see [9] above), warranted a deviation from the sentencing precedents relied
on by the DJ, and that an imprisonment term of one day would be sufficient
punishment for the appellant.

11 In response, the Prosecution submitted that the appeal should be dismissed
as the DJ had already given adequate weight to the appellant’s particular
mitigating circumstances as reflected in the 2 months’ reduction that she gave
as against the benchmark sentence of 6 months.

The decision on appeal

12 The sole issue now before me is the appropriate length of the (mandatory)
imprisonment term, as the quantum of fine imposed by the DJ is already the
statutory minimum.

13 As a preliminary point, I note and agree with the DJ’s observations (at
[25]-[26] of the GD) that the primary sentencing consideration for illegal
moneylending activities prohibited under the Act is that of deterrence. The
need for deterrence arising from the impact that acts of harassment committed
by unlicensed moneylenders can have on public safety and security has been
considered by our courts on several occasions (see, for example, _Public
Prosecutor v Nelson Jeyaraj s/o Chandran_ [2011] 2 SLR 1130 at [20]-[23], _Ong
Chee Eng v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 3 SLR 776 (“ _Ong Chee Eng_ ”) at [10]
and _Public Prosecutor v Quek Li Hao_ [2013] SGHC 152 at [22]).

14 While there is undoubtedly an express Parliamentary intention for the need
for deterrence in respect of illegal moneylending activities, this does not
displace the ultimate need to ensure that the punishment fits _both the crime
and the criminal_. This sentencing principle had been expressed in various
formulations in our case law. In the context of illegal moneylending
activities, the following was stated in _Ong Chee Eng_ (at [23]-[24], citing
the High Court’s decision in _Tan Kay Beng v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4
SLR(R) 10 (at [31]) and the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Public Prosecutor v
Kwong Kok Hing_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 684 (at [42])):

23 A key feature in the administration of criminal justice is that, within the
range or confines of the criminal sanctions prescribed by law for an offence,
the punishment imposed should fit the crime and the criminal. **_Hence even in
a case like the present, where the legislature has unequivocally declared war
on loan shark offences, unrelenting deterrence does not mean indiscriminate
deterrence._** As the court very aptly remarked in  _Tan Kay Beng v PP_ [2006]
4 SLR(R) 10 (at [31]):

**_Deterrence must always be tempered by proportionality in relation to the
severity of the offence committed as well as by the moral and legal
culpability of the offender._** It is axiomatic that a court must abstain from
gratuitous loading in sentences. Deterrence, as a concept, has a multi-faceted
dimension and it is inappropriate to invoke it without a proper appreciation
of how and when it should be applied. It is premised upon the upholding of
certain statutory or public policy concerns or alternatively, upon judicial
concern or disquiet about the prevalence of particular offences and the
attendant need to prevent such offences from becoming contagious. [emphasis
added]

Similar sentiments were recently expressed by the Court of Appeal in  _PP v
Kwong Kok Hing_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 684 (at [42]):

Where in relation to a particular offence the court is given a wide discretion
in terms of the punishment it may impose, it is critical that it exercises
that discretion, as far as possible, in a manner that remains faithful to two
essential principles: (a) that the punishment fits the crime, having regard to
the circumstances attending the case before the court; and (b) that like cases
be treated alike ...

24 The principle of tailoring the punishment to the crime and the criminal
also extends to the use of benchmark sentences. Benchmarks usually arise from
the steady accretion of the decisions of the courts. They are the result of
the practical application of statutory penal laws, but should not be mistaken
for those laws themselves. Benchmarks play a crucial role in achieving some
measure of consistency of punishment. But **_the principle of treating like
cases alike also means that unlike cases should not be treated alike. The
court must resist an unhesitating application of benchmark sentences without
first thoroughly considering if the particular factual circumstances of a case
fall within the reasonable parameters of the benchmark case._** Ultimately,
where Parliament has enacted a range of possible sentences, it is the duty of
the court to ensure that the full spectrum is carefully explored in
determining the appropriate sentence. Where benchmarks harden into rigid
formulae which suggest that only a segment of the possible sentencing range
should be applied by the court, there is a risk that the court might
inadvertently usurp the legislative function.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

15 With these principles in mind, I turn now to the facts of the present case.
Firstly, did the punishment imposed _fit the crime_? The DJ was certainly
correct in referring to the two precedents where the charge of AUML had
actually been reduced from one of harassment (see the GD at [20] and [32]).
However, with respect, she erred in pegging the starting point in the present
case to the 6 month’s imprisonment term meted out in _Chia Kok Hua_. The
accused in _Chia Kok Hua_ was clearly more culpable than the appellant in the
present case. In that case, the 40 year old accused person (who was also a
repeat offender) had confronted the debtor’s mother and threatened to burn her
house down and break the debtor’s limbs. This element of causing fear in the
debtor’s family by threatening bodily harm is clearly a more severe
aggravating factor than the property damage caused by the appellant in the
present case. That having been said, the appellant’s culpability is, in turn,
undoubtedly higher than the accused person in _Tan Lian Tong_ who was
sentenced to 4 months’ imprisonment. In that case, the accused merely held
open a plastic bag while his accomplice poured red paint and luncheon meat
into it, knowing that the mixture was to be splashed onto a unit. In contrast,
the appellant in the present appeal was the one who executed the acts of
graffiti and the splashing of the paint.

16 The appropriate starting point, therefore, should have been a sentence that
falls somewhere between the sentences passed in _Chia Kok Hua_ and _Tan Lian
Tong_. In my view, a starting point of 5 months’ imprisonment term is a fairer
reflection of the gravity of the appellant’s acts.

17 The next consideration that arises is this - did the punishment fit not
just the crime but also _the criminal_? For the reasons that set out in the
paragraphs below, I do not think so.

18 First, the DJ did not seem to have considered the evidence suggesting that
the monetary reward offered by Gerald was not the sole or even main motivating
factor for the appellant’s commission of his offence. In this regard, the
Prosecution confirmed that the fact of the monetary reward offered by Gerald
was not stated in the Statement of Facts, but was actually brought up by the
appellant himself in his Mitigation Plea. In the psychiatric report of the
appellant written by Dr Dhanesh Kumar (“Dr Kumar”) from the Institute of
Mental Health (whom the Prosecution submitted below was a neutral party) he
recorded that the appellant told him that the appellant “accompanied [Gerald],
his friend for six years, on persistent request and persuasion by his friend”
and that the appellant “just wanted to help his friend so that the friend is
not displeased with him”. This is consistent with the probation officer’s
comments in his report that “[s]ocial investigation revealed that [the
appellant] committed the offence out of misguided peer loyalty as well as lack
of consequential thinking”. Here I would like to underscore that it was not in
dispute that the appellant was suffering from ADHD, a condition which probably
caused him to find it hard to resist the call for assistance from a friend.
Thus, while the appellant was promised some monetary reward (which, as I
alluded to earlier, was a point not in the agreed Statement of Facts, but
raised by him in mitigation), I am inclined to think that he was actuated more
by social pressure than the monetary reward which was offered to him. Indeed,
not being the debtor to the loan shark Jason, there was no other conceivable
reason why he should have played such an active role. It seems to me that his
ADHD was probably the real explanation for his behaviour. Gerald, having
associated with the appellant for some six years, would have known what kind
of a person the appellant was, and thus, in my view, likely took advantage of
the appellant’s obliging nature. Indeed, this was alluded to in para 4 of the
appellant’s mitigation plea below where it was stated that he was “exploited”
by Gerald into committing the offences.

19 I am therefore of the view that the promise of a monetary reward, which in
the ordinary circumstances would have been an aggravating factor, should
nevertheless, in the circumstances here, have been given less weight. The
appellant’s overall culpability must be assessed in the light of his ADHD. The
law recognises the diverse circumstances under which an accused person can
become involved in illegal moneylending activities and the corresponding broad
spectrum of blameworthiness. The following passage from _Ong Chee Eng_ (at
[18]) is germane in this regard:

Naturally the circumstances of those who help loan sharks, either as runners
or harassers, are diverse. For present purposes, it suffices for me to make
the point that it is important to distinguish between those who, out of
genuinely desperate financial need brought about by events not within their
control (_eg_ , sudden sickness and prolonged retrenchment), borrow from loan
sharks whom they are then forced to work for, and others who are perhaps less
deserving of sympathy. **_For the latter category, two groups come to mind.
The first are youth harassers, whom the loan sharks seem to be recruiting in
increasing numbers. They are apparently lured by the easy money and the
thrill._** Parliament's response to this development is, among others, to
enact s 28B of the Act, which makes it an offence for anyone above 21 to
procure a minor to harass debtors. Youth outreach programs have also been
initiated to educate and counsel. The second group are gamblers who harass for
the easy money they can obtain to repay their gambling debts.

20 As explained in [18] above, the evidence suggests that the appellant was
not truly “lured by the easy money and the thrill”, but was actually motivated
instead by a misguided sense of friendship and peer loyalty. The psychiatric
evidence showed that the appellant’s misguided sense of peer loyalty was
linked to his ADHD. As the probation officer noted, the ADHD “contributed to
[the appellant’s] impulsivity” and “may have also played a role in his actions
as well”. Further, Dr Kumar also observed that the appellant’s ADHD resulted
in “a tendency to behave impulsively without thinking through the consequences
of his behaviour”. On this point, I should also emphasise that the appellant
had been assessed to be at high risk for ADHD from as early as when he was 13
years old; there was absolutely no suggestion at all that the procurement of
this diagnosis was a belated afterthought. In the light of these special
circumstances, I am of the view that the deterrence principle, while certainly
valid, should not be applied indiscriminately in the present case.

21 In this connection, I note that the appellant was in fact assessed and
recommended to be placed under 24 months’ supervised probation. Unfortunately,
by the time he came to be sentenced by the court, this sentencing option was
no longer available to him because the punishment for the offence in question
is fixed by law (mandatory minimum fine of $30,000) and the appellant was past
the age of 21 at the time of his conviction. I should add, parenthetically,
that the delay in the proceedings was not caused by the police or the
Prosecution; it was due to the appellant making representations to the Public
Prosecutor’s office and obtaining the necessary medical reports. Nevertheless,
the fact that the appellant was assessed and recommended for probation
strongly suggests that rehabilitation is both possible and relevant as a
dominant consideration. This is bolstered by the fact that, as noted by the DJ
at [34] of the GD, “the appellant had behaved well and had kept himself out of
trouble for the last 3 years … [and] had also taken steps to improve himself
by enrolling in higher education”. I also take into consideration the fact
that the appellant is a first-time offender, is still relatively young, and
has expressed remorse for his actions.

22 The specific facts of this case therefore present the need to balance the
principle of deterrence with that of rehabilitation. For the reasons explained
at [18]-[20] above, I am of the view that the consideration of deterrence
should not be applied indiscriminately here. On the contrary, the general
principle is that rehabilitation must be the dominant consideration in cases
involving young offenders: see _Public Prosecutor v Mohammad Al-Ansari bin
Basri_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 449 at [32]-[33]. Moreover, the appellant has no
antecedents. Having considered all the relevant facts and circumstances of
this case, I come to the conclusion that the balance should tilt towards
rehabilitation. It is undisputed that the appellant needs to continue
treatment for his ADHD, and while this can be arranged with the prison
authorities, I must also give due weight to the real risk that any
improvements achieved thus far in respect of his psychiatric condition may
deteriorate if he is exposed too long to the negative elements of the prison
environment. As Yong Pung How CJ stated in _PP v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice_ [1998]
3 SLR(R) 439 at [21], “[t]he corrupt influence of a prison environment … may
not be desirable for young offenders”. In this regard, I am also mindful of
the fact that in view of the appellant’s impulsivity and misguided sense of
peer loyalty linked to his ADHD, the longer he serves in prison the higher the
risk that he would be corrupted, rendering him particularly vulnerable.

23 To sum up my findings, viewing the issue as just a matter of determining an
appropriate imprisonment term that fits the crime, something nearer 5 months
imprisonment would be in order (see [15]-[16] above). The DJ, having taken the
benchmark to be 6 months, reduced it to 4 months in view of the mitigating
factors. As I have said, the benchmark of 6 months is perhaps not warranted by
the two precedents cited by the DJ (see [15] to [16] above). For the reasons
alluded to in [18] to [22] above, an imprisonment term that fits _both the
crime and the criminal_ requires further adjustment to the benchmark sentence
of 5 months. I am of the view that a 4 weeks’ imprisonment term is
appropriate, sufficient to punish the appellant and make him realise the error
of his ways, but not of a duration which is so long as to undermine the
prospects of his rehabilitation.

Conclusion

24 The appeal is allowed with the 4 months’ imprisonment term imposed below to
be reduced to a 4 weeks’ imprisonment term. The fine of $30,000 (in default, 4
weeks’ imprisonment) remains. Let me hasten to add that I am keenly aware of
the interests of society and of Parliament in dealing with people who are
involved in unlawful moneylending activities sternly and firmly. Still,
justice demands that the degree of culpability of the offender should always
be given due weight. I would reiterate that this sentence should be sufficient
to hold the appellant accountable for his deeds and deter him from re-
offending, while at the same time give him the opportunity to be properly
rehabilitated, manage his ADHD, continue on in his educational pursuits and
hopefully become a contributing member of society.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Dec 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

