Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Kho Jabing  
[2013] SGHC 251

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 31 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Seraphina Fong, Lee Lit Cheng and Teo Lu Jia DPPs
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Anand Nalachandran
(Braddell Brothers LLP), Josephus Tan and Keith Lim (Patrick Tan LLC) for the
convicted person.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Kho Jabing  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Criminal Appeal No 6 of
2013 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 14 January 2015. See [2015] SGCA
1.]

18 November 2013|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 Jabing Kho (“the convicted person”) and Galing Anak Kujat (“Galing”) were
convicted of murder under s 300(_c_) read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) and punishable under s 302 of the same by Kan
Ting Chiu J and the then mandatory death sentence was passed on them
accordingly. The present proceedings concern the re-sentencing of the
convicted person pursuant to s 4(5)(_f_) of the Penal Code (Amendment) Act
2012 (Act No. 32 of 2012) (“the PCAA”). After hearing the submissions made by
both parties, I re-sentenced the convicted person to life imprisonment with
effect from the date of his arrest (26 February 2008) and to receive 24
strokes of the cane.

2 The prosecution, which urged me to re-sentence the convicted person to
death, has appealed against my decision.

The background

3 The convicted person was born on 4 January 1984. The charge against him at
the trial read as follows:

That you, Jabing Kho, on or about the 17th day of February 2008, at about
8.19pm, at the open space near Geylang Drive, Singapore, together with one
Galing Anak Kujat, in furtherance of the common intention of both of you,
committed murder by causing the death of one Cao Ruyin, male 40 years old, and
you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 302 read with
section 34 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

4 The co-accused, Galing, faced a similar charge and both the convicted person
and Galing were tried together. On 30 July 2010, Kan J convicted both of them
of them of murder committed in furtherance of their common intention and
sentenced them to receive the then mandatory death penalty. Kan J accepted
that the convicted person’s offence fell within s 300(_c_) of the Penal Code.
His judgment appears at _Public Prosecutor v Galing Anak Kujat and another_
[2010] SGHC 212 (“Kan J’s judgment”).

5 Both Galing and the convicted person appealed against Kan J’s decision. On
24 May 2011, the Court of Appeal affirmed the decision against the convicted
person. Galing’s appeal was allowed by the Court of Appeal which substituted
his conviction for murder with an offence of robbery with hurt committed in
furtherance of a common intention under s 394 read with s 34 of the Penal Code
(see _Kho Jabing and another v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 634 at [38] –
“the Court of Appeal’s judgment”). Galing’s case was remitted to Kan J for
sentencing in respect of the substituted offence and he was subsequently
sentenced to imprisonment for 18 years and 6 months and to receive 19 strokes
of the cane.

6 On 30 April 2013, the Court of Appeal confirmed that the convicted person
was convicted under s 300(_c_) of the Penal Code. It allowed his application
for his case to be remitted to the High Court for re-sentencing under s
4(5)(_f_) of the PCAA. The relevant sections of the PCAA are as follow:

2 Section 302 of the Penal Code is repealed and the following section
substituted therefor:

Punishment for murder

302 -(1) Whoever commits murder within the meaning of section 300(a) shall be
punished with death.

(2) Whoever commits murder within the meaning of section 300(b), (c) or (d)
shall be punished with death or imprisonment for life and shall, if he is not
punished with death, also be liable to caning.

…

4 -(5) Where on the appointed day, the Court of Appeal has dismissed an appeal
brought by a person for an offence of murder under section 302 of the Penal
Code, the following provisions shall apply:

…

(_f_) if the Court of Appeal clarifies under paragraph (c)(ii) or (d) that the
person is guilty of murder within the meaning of section 300(b), (c) or (d) of
the Penal Code, it shall remit the case back to the High Court for the person
to be re-sentenced;

(_g_) when the case is remitted back to the High Court under paragraph (f),
the High Court shall re-sentence the person to death or imprisonment for life
and the person shall, if he is not re-sentenced to death, also be liable to be
re-sentenced to caning;

…

(6) If –

(_a_) any Judge of the High Court, having heard the trial relating to an
offence of murder, is unable for any reason to sentence, affirm the sentence
or re-sentence a person under this section; or

(_b_) …

any other Judge of the High Court or any Judge of Appeal, respectively, may do
so.

7 Kan J has retired as a Judge of the High Court. The case was therefore
placed before me for re-sentencing pursuant to s 4(6) set out above.

8 Briefly, the facts of the case are as follow. The convicted person and
Galing are from Sarawak, Malaysia. At the time of the offence, they were both
working in Singapore on work permits. On 17 February 2008, both of them had
agreed with three of their fellow countrymen, Vencent, Anthony and Alan, to
rob two of Vencent’s co-workers at a worksite in Tiong Bahru. However, as the
two co-workers had fortuitously left the worksite, the robbery plan was
aborted. The five men remained at Tiong Bahru to consume liquor. Subsequently,
they left for Geylang intending to find some victims to rob.

9 At Geylang, the convicted person and Galing walked some distance away from
their fellow countrymen and spotted two possible male prey, Cao Ruyin who is
the deceased person named in the charge (“the deceased”) and Wu Jun, walking
along a path in an open space near Geylang Drive. Galing assaulted Wu Jun with
a belt wrapped around his fist with the metal buckle exposed. The convicted
person attacked the deceased with a piece of wood that he had picked up while
approaching the deceased. Galing also assaulted the deceased with the metal
buckle.

10 The deceased suffered severe head injuries from the attack and passed away
in a hospital on 23 February 2008. The cause of death was certified by a
pathologist to be severe head injury. Wu Jun escaped with minor injuries and
called the police. When they went to the scene of crime, the deceased was
lying on the ground unconscious, with his face covered in blood.

11 The deceased’s mobile phone was taken away by Galing. The five Sarawakians
regrouped at a coffee shop in Geylang where Galing sold the said mobile phone
to Vencent for $300. The five of them took $50 each from the sale proceeds and
spent the remaining $50 on food and drinks.

The prosecution’s submissions

12 When the law provides a maximum sentence for an offence, that maximum
sentence is reserved for the worst type of cases. This expression should be
understood to be marking out a range and an offence may be within it
notwithstanding the fact that it could have been worse than it was (see _Sim
Gek Yong v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 185 at [12]).

13 Where the law provides for a limited choice of the death penalty or of life
imprisonment, neither of the options should be considered the default
position. Instead, all the facts and circumstances must be taken into
consideration in order to determine if the accused person ought to suffer the
death penalty (_Sia Ah Kew and others v Public Prosecutor_ [1974 – 1976]
SLR(R) 54). In that case, which involved kidnapping for ransom, the Court of
Appeal opined that the maximum sentence would be appropriate where the manner
of the kidnapping or the acts or conduct of the kidnappers were such as to
outrage the feelings of the community. The Court of Appeal also held that it
would be wrong to take the view that the alternative sentence of life
imprisonment should be imposed only when there were some very exceptional
circumstances which did not justify the imposition of the death penalty.

14 The views in _Sia Ah Kew and others v Public Prosecutor_ were endorsed by
the Court of Appeal in _Panya Martmontree and others v Public Prosecutor_
[1995] 2 SLR(R) 806. This was a case of gang-robbery with murder under s 396
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) which provided that:

If any one of 5 or more persons who are conjointly committing gang-robbery,
commits murder in so committing gang-robbery, every one of those persons shall
be punished with death or imprisonment for life, and if he is not sentenced to
death, shall also be punished with caning with not less than 12 strokes.

The Court of Appeal held (at [66]) that the appellants’ “acts of violence were
mercilessly executed and gravely abhorrent in their execution” and “were amply
sufficient to outrage the feelings of the community”. The death sentences were
therefore upheld.

15 During the introduction of the amendments to the law on the mandatory death
penalty in homicide cases, the Minister for Law made a statement in Parliament
(see Changes to the Application of the Mandatory Death Penalty to Homicide
Offences (Statement by Minister for Law), _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (9 July 2012) vol 89):

In deciding whether and how to apply the death penalty to a particular
offence, several factors have to be considered. In particular I will mention,
in broad terms, three interconnected factors:

(1) the seriousness of the offence, both in terms of the harm that the
commission of the offence is likely to cause to the victim and to society, and
the personal culpability of the accused;

(2) how frequent or widespread an offence is;

(3) deterrence.

These three factors must be considered in their totality. For example, the
fact that an offence is not widespread or that its incidence is low may not,
by itself, be a decisive factor. The overarching aim of the Government is to
ensure the safety and security of Singapore, while maintaining a fair and just
criminal system.

…

In respect of other categories of murder, under section 300(b) to (d), there
could be different degrees of intention, and these offences are committed in a
variety of situations. Today, that is something considered by the Public
Prosecutor when he decides the appropriate charge in each case. The factors he
considers include the precise intention of the accused, the manner in which
the homicide occurred and the deterrent effect a charge may have on others. We
want to move towards a framework where the court also has the discretion, to
take the same factors into account during sentencing.

This change will ensure that our sentencing framework properly balances the
various objectives: justice to the victim, justice to society, justice to the
accused, and mercy in appropriate cases. … We now have a relatively low
incidence of homicides – last year we had 16 recorded homicides, or about 0.3
per 100,000 population. As our society becomes safer, less violent, and more
mature, we believe that today’s changes are a right step to take.

16 Relying on the three factors spelt out in [15] above, the prosecution
submitted that the convicted person had acted in a vicious and pernicious
manner. The Court of Appeal described his act of raining heavy blows on the
deceased’s head, a vulnerable part of the body, as a “violent assault”. The
forensic pathologist had testified that the injuries suffered required “very
severe” or “huge” blunt force from multiple blows. Galing had described the
deceased’s head as “cracked open”. Wu Jun had testified that the convicted
person and Galing attacked him and the deceased stealthily from behind.

17 The prosecution highlighted that the attack occurred in an open public
place. The “sheer brazenness of the convicted person and Galing, and their
gratuitous use of violence would bring disquiet to society. Also, the fact
that the brutal attack was prompted only by greed leaves the public in fear
that such ill-fortune may befall on them some day”.

18 The personal culpability of the convicted person was also high. He targeted
vulnerable or “easy” victims – those walking alone or with only one other
person. He armed himself with a piece of wood that he had picked up. Excessive
force was used to immobilize the deceased. Even after the deceased fell to the
ground facing up and there was blood coming out from his head, the convicted
person did not stop his attack but swung the piece of wood at him a second
time. There was no provocation by the deceased whatsoever.

19 The only motivation for this cold-blooded and wanton use of violence was
greed. There was scant regard for human life. As the Court of Appeal opined at
[37] of the Court of Appeal’s judgment, such violent crimes cannot be condoned
in any civilised society and severe condemnation is required.

20 The defence of intoxication was raised at the trial and on appeal and was
rejected by both courts. Indeed, the law is that self-induced intoxication is
an aggravating, rather than mitigating, factor. The convicted person was able
to recount the events with details and that showed his mind was clear at the
time of the offence despite his evidence that he was drunk. His personal
circumstances, absence of previous conviction and remorse do not warrant
“exceptional leniency”.

21 The prosecution also produced statistics that showed that in the ten years
since 2003, there were 25 cases of fatal assault committed in the course of
robbery. Out of these 25 cases, 15 involved groups of at least two or more
assailants. In 2008, the year in which the present offence took place, there
were four cases of fatal assault during robbery by young foreign workers below
the age of 30, like the convicted person here. The prosecution argued that
“the confidence which society has in the safety and security of Singapore can
only be upheld by ensuring that those who contemplate such atrocious actions
know that those who show no mercy to their victims will receive no mercy from
the law”.

22 A deterrent sentence would be appropriate where the offence was committed
with premeditation and planning. Examples of particular circumstances of an
offence which may attract general deterrence include offences committed by two
or more persons and those which, in addition to harming their immediate
victims, also have the wider-felt impact of triggering unease and offending
the sensibilities of the general public (see _Public Prosecutor v Law Aik
Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at [25]).

23 The deceased was 40 years old at the time of his demise. He was from a
rural village in China and had come to Singapore to earn a living as a
construction worker. His untimely death would doubtlessly bring indescribable
grief to his family in China.

24 For all these reasons, the prosecution urged the court to re-impose the
death penalty on the convicted person.

The convicted person’s submissions

25 Counsel for the convicted person relied upon the Ministerial statement set
out at [15] above to submit that Parliament’s intention was for the death
penalty to be applied restrictively and to a narrower category of homicides
and that for cases under s 300(_b_) to (_d_) of the Penal Code, the death
penalty would not be the appropriate starting or default position. Citing _Sia
Ah Kew and others v Public Prosecutor_ , they argued that the starting or
default position in the three categories of homicide cases should be life
imprisonment, with the death penalty being the exception rather than the rule.

26 Counsel for the convicted person also cited cases from India, the United
States and South Africa to bolster their arguments at [25] and to conclude
that the restrictive approach to the exercise of judicial discretion whereby
“the death penalty is only imposed in situations where the offender’s conduct
and/or the offence’s facts are exceptionally heinous is consistent with the
international trend”.

27 It was proposed that the answers to the following two questions would aid
in the exercise of judicial discretion:

(1) Is there something uncommon about the crime that outrages the feelings of
the community and that renders life imprisonment inadequate and calls for a
death sentence?

(2) Are the circumstances such that there is no alternative but to impose the
death sentence even after according maximum weight to the mitigating
circumstances of the offender?

Each case has to be considered on its own facts to allow for “individualised
justice” in sentencing.

28 In the present case, the injuries were intended but the fatal outcome was
not. The convicted person only intended to incapacitate or temporarily subdue
the deceased in order to carry out the robbery. There was no subjective
knowledge of the outcome. The use of weapons by both attackers was purely
“opportunistic and improvisional” (see the Court of Appeal’s judgment at
[35(b)]) and was not premeditated. Further, the piece of wood used was not “a
patently deadly weapon such as a knife”. The injuries were inflicted during “a
frantic and frenetic fracas”. The deceased was still alive when the convicted
person left the scene of the attack and only tragically succumbed to his
injuries six days later in the hospital. The conduct of the convicted person
and the manner of the deceased’s death were “not exceptionally brutal,
heinous, cruel and/or depraved” and the deceased was not vulnerable due to age
or infirmity.

29 There was no clear and undisputed sequence of events and circumstances
surrounding the offence (see the Court of Appeal’s judgment at [8] to [10]),
including but not limited to the number of times the convicted person hit the
deceased. While this was not material for the purpose of a conviction, it was
relevant for sentencing. The extent of intoxication, while insufficient to
constitute a defence, was not fully and thoroughly explored. There was also no
credible objective evidence of the convicted person’s level of intoxication.
The death penalty should only be imposed where there was clear and convincing
evidence leaving no room for an alternative explanation of the facts. It would
be appropriate only in the most aggravated circumstances, for instance, where
the manner of the fatality and/or the conduct of the offender are particularly
aggravated. The present case did not fit into these criteria.

30 The personal circumstances of the convicted person were also highlighted.
At the time of the offence, the convicted person was at the relatively young
age of 24. He has been in custody for about five years without incident. He
had no criminal antecedents and had cooperated fully during the
investigations. He is single and is the only son in his family. His father
passed away while the convicted person was awaiting his trial. His mother
lives alone and works as a chambermaid in a hotel in Sarawak. She misses the
convicted person terribly but does not have the financial means to visit him
during his long incarceration. She has mentioned in her clemency plea to the
President of Singapore that the death penalty for her son would also be the
death sentence for her. While the deceased’s family could be in a similar
position, the loss of another life would only add to the tragedy and sorrow
from this unfortunate and ill-fated robbery and would not serve the ends of
justice.

31 On 26 August 2009, the Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore
(“AVA”) issued a media release stating that excessive levels of methanol had
been detected in one of the alcoholic products consumed by the convicted
person prior to the offence. Methanol poisoning was not contemplated nor
assessed during the investigations and the recall of the product was not
highlighted during the trial or the appeal. The possibility that the convicted
person was suffering from a mental and behavioural disturbance from alcohol
could not be discounted and should be considered in sentencing because he
would not have known about the excessive amounts of methanol present in the
drink that he consumed that night.

32 The convicted person is deeply remorseful about the tragic consequences of
his actions. During his incarceration, he “has developed a mark on his
forehead as a result of his relentless and continuous Islamic prayers (through
the act of bowing his head onto the floor) asking Allah for forgiveness”. If
given the opportunity, he intends to locate the deceased’s family to seek
forgiveness and to do whatever is possible and within his power to aid the
deceased’s family in coping with their lives.

33 Statistics from the Singapore Police Force’s website show that the number
of homicide cases registered a 20-year low in 2012, dropping from 16 cases in
2011 to 11 cases in 2012. Fatal assaults in the course of robbery have also
been on a steady decline in the past ten years.

34 Galing was convicted on a lesser charge. Considering the respective roles
and culpability, parity in sentencing would suggest that life imprisonment is
appropriate for the convicted person. Further, in another re-sentencing case
(Criminal Case No. 40 of 2009), where the facts were largely similar to the
present case, Chan Seng Onn J imposed life imprisonment and 24 strokes of the
cane on 16 July 2013. The convicted person in that case was 18 years old at
the time of the offence in question. No written grounds of decision were given
and there was no appeal.

The decision of the Court

35 As I was not the trial Judge in this case, I relied entirely on Kan J’s
judgment and the Court of Appeal’s judgment where the findings of fact were
concerned. I do not think I should look further into the evidence adduced at
the trial and make further conclusions on the facts.

36 The issue of intoxication was raised and rejected at both levels and it is
not open to the convicted person at this stage to revisit this issue. The
AVA’s media release was in 2009 and if it was relevant to the defence of the
convicted person, then such evidence should have been adduced during the trial
or, in any case, at the appeal after leave has been obtained to adduce fresh
evidence. It is certainly improper to attempt to introduce the fresh evidence
before me during the re-sentencing submissions.

37 I agree with the prosecution that there should not be a default position
preferring the death penalty or life imprisonment in considering the
appropriate sentence under s 300(_c_) of the Penal Code. In other legislation
providing for punishment for offences, the courts have consistently accepted
that there is no presumptive preference that the least severe punishment
should be the starting or default position. So if a law allows the court to
impose imprisonment with or without caning or a fine or both, the court does
not begin its inquiry by asking why the offender should not be fined. Instead,
it looks at all the circumstances of the case before deciding to impose one or
the other or both of the punishments. The Minister’s statement at [15] above
also does not show a presumptive preference for life imprisonment as the
starting point. Similarly, it would be wrong to regard the death penalty as
the starting point and then see if there are factors which would justify the
less severe alternative (see _Sia Ah Kew and others v Public Prosecutor)_. All
the facts of the case should be looked at before deciding which is the
appropriate punishment for offences under s 300(b) to (d) of the Penal Code
although there are only two stark choices of literally life or death.

38 I do not find it necessary or fruitful to look at decisions in other
jurisdictions as to when the death penalty would be appropriate. Each society
must decide for itself what type and degree of punishment it wants and needs
in the unique context of its values and the level of development on all
fronts, including social, cultural and economic ones.

39 I do not accept the submission (at [30] above) that the loss of another
life (that of the convicted person if the death penalty is imposed) would only
add to the tragedy and sorrow and not serve the ends of justice. Such
reasoning amplifies the potential grief and sense of loss of an offender’s
family while diminishing the already existing grief and loss of a deceased
victim’s family. An offender’s life is precious beyond measure to him and his
family. A victim’s life is equally precious to him and his family. When a
right to life is claimed, it must be remembered that it was the offender who
took away the victim’s right to life. While the offender is alive and able to
plead his case in court, his victim’s voice can no longer be heard.

40 After considering all the factors put forward by the parties, I am of the
view that the death penalty is not the appropriate sentence for the convicted
person for the following reasons:

(a) He was relatively young at 24 at the time of the offence in 2008 although
he was not as young as the convicted person in Criminal Case No. 40 of 2009
(see [34] above);

(b) The convicted person’s choice and use of the piece of wood during the
attack were, in the words of the Court of Appeal (see the Court of Appeal’s
judgment at [35(b)]), “opportunistic and improvisational” and not part of a
pre-arranged plan. Equally so was Galing’s use of his belt as a weapon;

(c) There was no clear sequence of events concerning the attack. There was no
clear evidence that the convicted person went after the deceased from behind
without warning and started hitting him on the head with the piece of wood.
There was evidence that a struggle could have taken place first between Galing
and the deceased before the convicted person stopped chasing Wu Jun and
returned to assault the deceased.

41 I therefore re-sentenced the convicted person to life imprisonment with
effect from the date of his arrest on 26 February 2008\. In addition, his acts
of violence and the resulting dire consequences warrant that the maximum
number of strokes of the cane be imposed. Accordingly, I also ordered him to
receive 24 strokes of the cane.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

