Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Koh Kim Seng and another _v_ Zhang Run-Zi  
[2013] SGHC 79

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1639 of 2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 April 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Balasubramaniam Ernest Yogarajah (UniLegal LLC) for the
plaintiff; Defendant in person.  
Parties| :|  Koh Kim Seng and another — Zhang Run-Zi  
  
10 April 2013|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

The background

1 This originating summons sought the following orders:

(1) the Registrar of Titles be directed to cancel, remove or otherwise expunge
all record entry or endorsement of Caveat IA/583776J, lodged on 25 January
2007 by the defendant from the land register comprised in Certificate of title
Volume 636 Folio 18;

(2) the defendant pays to the plaintiffs compensation pursuant to s 128(1)(c)
of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157 2004 Rev Ed) (“Land Titles Act”) as set forth
in the affidavit in support filed herein, alternatively that the compensation
payable by the defendant to the plaintiffs be assessed;

(3) the costs of this application be borne by the defendant on an indemnity
basis; and

(4) there be any further reliefs that this Honourable Court may deem fit.

2 The plaintiffs, who are spouses, own 10, Hoot Kiam Road (“the property”), a
two-storey terrace house. On 3 January 2007, the plaintiffs granted the
defendant an option to purchase the property upon the payment of $10,200 as
the option fee. On 24 January 2007, the defendant exercised the option to
purchase through her then solicitors, Ascentia Law Corporation. Legal
completion was due on 21 March 2007. In early February 2007, correspondence
took place between the defendant and the plaintiffs’ solicitors wherein the
defendant alleged that the plaintiffs had concealed the fact that future road
lines would affect the property. The defendant demanded the return of $51,000
which she had paid pursuant to the option. Her allegations were denied by the
plaintiffs’ solicitors. On 15 February 2007, the defendant wrote to the
plaintiffs stating “As you did not respond to my letter, I will retract it
without prejudice to all my rights”. On 21 and 26 February 2007, the
plaintiffs’ solicitors further wrote to the defendant to refute her
allegations relating to the property.

3 On 16 March 2007, Ascentia Law Corporation informed the plaintiffs’ then
solicitors that it had no instructions from the defendant regarding the
purchase of the property. The plaintiffs’ solicitors requested the return of
the original option and this was done the next day. On 26 March 2007, the
plaintiffs’ solicitors gave the defendant a 21-day notice to complete the
purchase of the property. This notice was sent by registered mail to the
defendant’s residential address as well as to her business address. The
defendant did not respond.

4 The defendant lodged a caveat on the property on 25 January 2007 claiming an
interest “by virtue of Option/Option to Purchase duly exercised by the
Caveator on 24/01/2007” with the purchase price stated as $1,020,000. Pursuant
to clause 29 of the Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1999 (“clause 29”), it
was the responsibility of the defendant to procure the cancellation of any
entry relating to the contract in any register at her own expense.

5 On 26 April 2007, the plaintiffs gave an option to purchase the property to
another buyer at a price of $1,100,000. Completion due on 5 July 2007 was
delayed because the defendant’s caveat remained on the register. On 5 July
2007, the plaintiffs’ solicitors sent a letter to Ascentsia Law Corporation to
request the withdrawal of the defendant’s caveat on the property. On 2 August
2007, the plaintiffs lodged an application to cancel the caveat, supported by
their statutory declarations setting out essentially the same facts stated
above.

6 However, the defendant sent an undated letter to the Registrar of Titles to
object to the cancellation. In that letter, she alleged that after the first
plaintiff offered her the property for a reduced price of $1,020,000, she
asked him many times “if there were any problems with this land”. She was
worried as she had found out that the plaintiffs purchased the property for
about $500,000 14 months before January 2007. She claimed that the first
plaintiff told her that “he had done a lot of searching to find this land, and
that there were no problems with this land”. It was in March that year that
her solicitors discovered the property was wholly affected by the proposed
Singapore Underground Road System and because of this, the property had a
value of only $580,000, much less than the purchase price of $1,020,000, as
evidenced in a valuation report dated 23 March 2007 from Acreage Property
Consultants which she enclosed with her letter. She claimed that as a result,
“the bank will not loan me money to develop the property”. She further alleged
in her letter that “because he has cheated me from the beginning, before I
even signed the option to purchase, I have lost SGD$50K cash, and lost the
chance to use this money to find alternative properties”. She ended the letter
claiming that “I am in the process of suing him in court over this matter, and
I respectfully ask that the property in question is not allowed to be sold to
another owner until this matter is cleared by the courts”.

7 As a result of the defendant’s letter, the Registrar of Titles requested the
plaintiffs to apply to court for a determination of the matter and stated that
the Registry of Titles would withhold the cancellation of the caveat pending
any orders by the court.

8 Accordingly, the plaintiffs commenced this originating summons seeking the
orders set out at [1]. Without going into the merits of the defendant’s
allegations set out in her letter to the Registrar of Titles, the plaintiffs
claimed that the defendant no longer had any legal or equitable interest in
the property as she had refused to complete the purchase even after the 21-day
notice. The caveat remaining on record was therefore maintained vexatiously
and/or frivolously and/or not in good faith. The plaintiffs also claimed
damages pursuant to clause 29 and to s 128 of the Land Titles Act resulting
from the late completion of the sale to the new buyer.

The court orders and subsequent proceedings

9 On 29 November 2007, the plaintiffs were represented by counsel while the
defendant, a business woman, attended court in person. She spoke in Mandarin
through a court interpreter. She repeated in essence what she had alleged in
her letter to the Registrar of Titles. She also claimed that she did not
receive the 21-day notice to complete as she was away from home for 8 to 9
months and only received the said notice by fax from her previous solicitors
in April 2007. She said she had to travel quite a lot and asked that the case
be adjourned for her to consult a solicitor on whether she would be able to
sue the plaintiffs.

10 I decided to lift the caveat so as to stop late completion interest from
continuing to run against the plaintiffs in respect of the re-sale of the
property. I granted the order sought in prayer (1) of this originating summons
and ordered all the other prayers to be adjourned. I also directed the
defendant to consult her solicitors and to commence action, if so advised,
against the plaintiffs within 2 months from 29 November 2007. In the event
that no action was commenced by 29 January 2008, the plaintiffs would be at
liberty to restore the remaining prayers for hearing. The question of costs
was reserved.

11 Instead of complying with the directions given in [9], the defendant lodged
another caveat against the property on 4 December 2007. This led to the
plaintiffs taking out Originating Summons No 2 of 2008 to remove the second
caveat.

12 This was heard by Lee Seiu Kin J (“Lee J”) on 10 January 2008. Lee J
ordered the removal of the second caveat and prohibited the defendant from
taking any steps which may interfere and/or otherwise delay the completion of
the sale and purchase of the property by the plaintiffs. My direction of 29
November 2007 regarding the restoration of the remaining prayers of the
present originating summons was repeated, with the additional direction that
the delay caused by the second caveat would be included for assessment of
damages. Lee J also ordered the defendant to pay the plaintiffs costs of
$2,000.

13 Pursuant to my directions in [9] above, the defendant engaged solicitors
and commenced MC Suit 2619 of 2008 in the Subordinate Courts on 29 January
2008 against the plaintiffs. The statement of claim in that suit averred that
the first plaintiff in this originating summons was aware that the defendant
intended to finance the purchase of the property through a mortgage and that
her intention was to develop it. She pleaded that one of the express terms of
the option to purchase was that she was deemed to have notice and knowledge of
road lines affecting the property and shall not annul the sale and purchase
nor shall any abatement or compensation be allowed in respect thereof (citing
clause 11 of the said option). She also averred that no road interpretation
plans were annexed to the option.

14 The defendant alleged further in the said statement of claim that the
plaintiffs had not sought approval for the change of use from residential to
office and that the entire property was earmarked as “land required as road
reserve” for future road widening. The property was also wholly affected by
the proposed Singapore Underground Road System. It would therefore be acquired
compulsorily when the proposed works take place. As a result of this, the open
market value of the property was $580,000 and the defendant would not receive
what she had bargained for. She was also unable to finance the purchase of the
property because of this.

15 The defendant denied the plaintiffs’ allegation that she was advised by an
agent on whether to accept the option. She averred that the plaintiffs did not
point out to her the full extent the property would be affected by the
proposed works. Accordingly, clause 11 of the option to purchase (see [12]
above) did not apply.

16 The defendant pleaded that she was entitled to decide not to proceed with
the completion of the sale and purchase and that the consideration for the
$51,000 paid by her had totally failed. She therefore demanded the repayment
of this sum.

17 The suit was subsequently struck out by a Deputy Registrar of the
Subordinate Courts for having no reasonable cause of action. The defendant
appealed to a District Judge who dismissed her appeal in January 2012 after a
protracted hearing. The defendant did not appeal further from the District
Judge.

18 The parties attended before me again on 20 July 2012 for the hearing of the
remaining prayers of the present originating summons. The defendant argued the
matters herself. She repeated her allegations about having been cheated by the
plaintiffs. As her action in the Subordinate Courts against the plaintiffs had
been dismissed, there was no defence available to the defendant. Accordingly,
I ordered that damages for the plaintiffs be assessed by the Registrar and
that costs on an indemnity basis be paid by the defendant to the plaintiffs.

The defendant’s application in Summons No 72 of 2013

19 As the preparations for the assessment of damages got underway, the
defendant applied on 5 January 2013, by way of Summons No 72 of 2013 in this
originating summons, for the setting aside or variation of my orders of 29
November 2007 and 20 July 2012 and Lee J’s order dated 10 January 2008 in
Originating Summons No 2 of 2008 (“the 3 orders”). She also prayed for the
present originating summons to continue as if the action had been begun by
writ of summons. Further or in the alternative, she asked for leave to file
supplementary affidavit(s). Alternatively again, she asked that she be granted
an extension of time in relation to paragraph (3) of my order dated 29
November 2007 (_ie_ , the defendant to consult her solicitors and to commence
action, if so advised, against the plaintiffs within 2 months from 29 November
2007 and that in the event no action was commenced by 29 January 2008, the
plaintiffs would be at liberty to restore the remaining prayers for hearing).

20 In her affidavit filed in support of this application, she stated that she
wished to make 2 applications to the court. The first was for the assessment
of damages to be adjourned and the second was for the prayers set out in [18]
above to be granted. In respect of the first application, she stated that she
discharged her then solicitors (M/s Koh & Partners) on 2 January 2013 and
needed more time to engage new solicitors. Further, as she was seeking to set
aside my order of 20 July 2012, which directed that damages be assessed, the
assessment of damages should be deferred until after the hearing of the second
application.

21 The defendant’s grounds for making the second application were:

(a) at the time the 3 orders were made, “the factual matrix and evidence of
the matter was not before” the court or properly presented to the court for
consideration;

(b) a material witness (Adrian Koh) has indicated his willingness to be a
witness for the defendant and his testimony will support her case that the 3
orders ought to be set aside.

22 The defendant claimed that at a meeting held on 3 January 2007 in the first
plaintiff’s office, the first plaintiff handed the defendant the option to
purchase in respect of the property. Her friend and property agent, Adrian
Koh, joined the meeting subsequently at her request.

23 Before accepting the said option and paying the option fee to the
plaintiffs, the defendant asked the first plaintiff whether there were any
issues or problems with the property. The first plaintiff replied that there
was none and that the terms of the option were typical or standard ones and
the defendant therefore need not review the said terms in detail or check with
her solicitors prior to paying the option fee. In reliance on those
representations, the defendant accepted the option and paid the option fee.

24 Adrian Koh was a witness to the fact that the first plaintiff had made
those representations to the defendant. At the defendant’s request, Adrian Koh
flipped through the option on her behalf. After that, he said that the option
was a typical option for the sale of property. She enclosed a copy of Adrian
Koh’s email of 5 December 2007 to her which stated:

Hi Ms Zhang Runzi,

With regards to our telephone call just now, this is to confirmed that the LTA
‘drawing’ and clause no. 11 is not inclusive in the option when we were shown
the option.

During our meeting with the Seller, we have asked the Seller twice and he has
confirmed that this property has not problem/issue.

The Seller also insisted that the option is a standard one and we need not
verify it (with our lawyers).

Best regards,

Adrian Koh

25 The option was signed by the plaintiffs in the presence of Adrian Koh and
the first plaintiff’s secretary. The first plaintiff then stood up and said he
needed to get a copy of his identity card. He excused himself and brought the
signed option with him. After a few minutes, he returned and handed over the
original option to the defendant for her to sign on every page. The defendant
referred to this signed option as the “version 2 option” in her affidavit. She
did not pay much attention to the version 2 option as a result of the first
plaintiff’s said representations.

26 On 24 January 2007, the defendant exercised the option by paying another 4%
($40,800) of the agreed purchase price ($1.02m) to the plaintiffs.
Subsequently, her solicitors informed her that the entire property was
earmarked as “land required as road reserve”. It would be affected by road
widening and the proposed Singapore Underground Road System. The defendant was
shocked to hear this.

27 On 1 February 2007, the defendant confronted the first plaintiff about the
above revelation. She decided to tape-record the meeting during which she
asked specifically whether the property would be subject to road lines
reserved by the Land Transport Authority. The first plaintiff said that he was
not aware of that. Before she left the meeting, she asked for a copy of the
option in the first plaintiff’s files. His secretary handed her a copy
subsequently. However, this copy showed that the signatures of the witnesses
were original and those of the sellers were duplicates. This convinced the
defendant that the first plaintiff had switched copies of the option.

28 After discovering that the property was affected by road reserves, she
checked and confirmed with Adrian Koh that the version of the option that he
saw on 3 January 2007 did not mention anything about road lines. This led the
defendant to believe that the first plaintiff had fraudulently switched the
original option to the version 2 option when he excused himself from the
meeting that day.

29 On 9 February 2007, the defendant demanded a refund of the 5% of the
purchase price already paid by her. The plaintiffs’ solicitors replied on 21
February 2007 stating that the first plaintiff had shown the defendant a road
interpretation plan and informed her that the property was affected by road
lines. However, this assertion contradicted the matters stated by him during
the meeting of 1 February 2007. Further, the property was valued at only
$580,000. All these showed that the first plaintiff had dealt fraudulently
with the defendant.

30 The plaintiffs refused to return the said 5% of the purchase price paid by
her and insisted that she complete the sale transaction. The plaintiffs’
solicitors compounded the problem by sending her the letters relating to the
completion to the wrong address at 5 Leng Kee Road instead of the correct one
at 2 Leng Kee Road. She was also not able to obtain financing for the purchase
of the property because of the huge difference between the purchase price and
the valuation.

31 When she attended the court proceedings on 29 November 2007, she was not
able to present the above evidence to the court because she was not
represented by solicitors. If she had done so, the outcome would have been
different. Because of the “significant disputes in this matter”, this case
should have been heard as a writ action. As for paragraph (3) of my order
dated 29 November 2007, the defendant claimed that she did not comply with it
as she continued to be unrepresented and “did not truly appreciate the
significance of the order”. At that time, she was heavily pregnant and had
just emerged from a “messy divorce”. She was therefore not in a proper state
of mind to deal with the issues arising from the said order of 29 November
2007. Similarly, because she did not have solicitors, she made the mistake of
lodging a second caveat against the property.

32 The defendant believed that she was a victim of fraud committed by the
plaintiffs and wished to set things right. She had many sleepless nights,
knowing that the victim had become the alleged wrong-doer.

33 Adrian Koh affirmed an affidavit in support of the defendant’s application.
He stated that he attended the meeting on 3 January 2007 purely as a friend to
assist the defendant who was not conversant in English. When he reviewed the
original option to purchase, it made no mention of any road lines. There was
no map attached and no clause 11 on the purchaser knowing about the road lines
affecting the property.

34 In December 2007, the defendant contacted Adrian Koh and, after discussions
with her, he sent her the email set out at [23] above.

35 In his affidavit in reply, the first plaintiff set out the salient parts of
the procedural history of these proceedings. He stated that the alleged new
evidence was already before the court when the orders of 29 November 2007 and
10 January 2008 were made. The defendant had consulted solicitors and acted on
the order of 29 November 2007 by commencing action in the Subordinate Courts.
The present originating summons was then heard by the High Court on 20 July
2012, with the defendant attending the hearing in person and speaking through
a Mandarin court interpreter. Before the hearing of 20 July 2012, the
defendant had written directly to the High Court setting out the alleged new
evidence. The court proceeded to hear the matter and made the orders set out
at [17] above. No appeal was filed by the defendant and the time for appealing
has long lapsed.

36 Where the assessment of damages was concerned, the defendant adopted her
usual method of applying for adjournments. She failed to attend the pre-trial
conference on 31 July 2012. The registrar then adjourned the matter to enable
the defendant to engage solicitors.

37 The defendant engaged Koh & Partners to represent her in the assessment of
damages. She subsequently filed and served her affidavit of evidence-in-chief
and her list of documents out of time. Her affidavit was totally irrelevant,
essentially repeating the same allegations set out earlier above.

38 On 7 January 2013, the defendant attended the assessment of damages in
person but applied orally for an adjournment as she had just discharged her
solicitors. Over the past 5 years, she engaged 3 different firms of solicitors
and discharged them at or shortly before the relevant hearings thereby
depriving the plaintiffs of the compensation sought. The first plaintiff went
on to explain that there was no new evidence at all before the court and that
all the matters raised in the present originating summons had been dealt with
in MC Suit No 2619 of 2008.

The hearing on 7 February 2013

39 On 7 February 2013, when the defendant’s application came before me, the
defendant again raised the same issues about having been cheated by the first
plaintiff. She argued that the district judge in MC Suit No 2619 of 2008 had
“ruled on the road-line not on the cheating”. She told the district judge that
she would be making a police report on the alleged cheating. However, when she
spoke with her lawyer, one Dr Koh, telling him that she had email to prove the
cheating, he advised her to make the police report later. Each time she asked
him, he would say, “Later, later, assess the situation first”. She then
claimed that she would be making a police report after the hearing but added
immediately her doubt whether the police “can deal with such a complicated
matter”. She asserted that she was not doing all this for money and that she
would donate to charitable causes any money that she was awarded. She only
wanted the parties and the witnesses to come to court to testify and the truth
to emerge. She said that Adrian Koh was with her during the signing of the
option and that he could speak English but the first plaintiff “switched the
documents”.

The decision of the court

40 It can be seen from the narration of the background and the latest hearing
before me that the defendant was given all the legal avenues to pursue her
allegations against the first plaintiff and she did so by commencing the MC
Suit. When that was struck out, she did not appeal to the High Court but let
the matter rest. Even after the order of 20 July 2012 was made in respect of
the remaining prayers of this originating summons, she took no steps until the
plaintiffs started the process for the assessment of damages.

41 There was absolutely no reason to set aside the 3 orders or any one of
them. Everything that could be canvassed before the courts was before the
courts. There was no allegation that Adrian Koh could not be located or that
he was unwilling or unable to file an affidavit to support the defendant’s
case at the earlier stages of this case. His email (set out at [23] above) was
available to the defendant since 5 December 2007. If the defendant and/or her
solicitors decided not to produce the said email or to ask Adrian Koh to file
an affidavit, that was a conscious decision taken and is no ground for the
court to now re-open the proceedings. In any event, the fact that Adrian Koh
was present during the signing of the option was acknowledged by the
plaintiffs. That has been considered by the courts and has not made any
difference to the outcomes.

42 Accordingly, I dismissed the defendant’s application for the various orders
stated in [18] above. I also ordered her to pay the plaintiffs costs fixed at
$3,500 (including disbursements) for this application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Apr 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

