Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  VBH Singapore Pte Ltd _v_ Technobuilt Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHCR 12

Case Number| :| Suit No 410 of 2012 (Summons No 1741 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 May 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Teck Ping Karen AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr A Rajandran (M/s A Rajandran) for the plaintiff; Mr
Kelvin Tan and Mr Jason Chen (M/s Drew & Napier LLC) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  VBH Singapore Pte Ltd — Technobuilt Construction & Engineering
Pte Ltd  
  
7 May 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
AR Tan Teck Ping Karen:

Introduction

1 This is the 2nd defendant’s application to be struck out of the Writ of
Summons and Statement of Claim as well as all subsequent pleadings under O18 r
19 of the Rules of Court (“the Rules”). The 2nd defendant is relying on all
four grounds of this rule, namely, that the claim:

(a) discloses no reasonable cause of action;

(b) is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trail of the action; and

(d) is an abuse of the process of the court.

Factual Background

2 The plaintiff is a company in the construction business, including providing
services as general contractors. The 1st defendant is also a company in the
construction business and the 2nd defendant is a director and majority
shareholder of the 1st defendant.

3 The 1st defendant was the main contractor of two projects, the first in Ngee
Ann Polytechnic (“NAP Project”) and the second in Tan Tock Seng Hospital
(“EDTC Project”). The plaintiff was engaged as a sub-contractor in the two
projects, mainly in relation to aluminium works.

4 The plaintiff’s claim is for the total sum of $376,463.05, being the balance
monies due and owing to the plaintiffs, including retention monies, in respect
of work done, services rendered and materials supplied by the plaintiffs for
the two projects.

5 Default judgment has been entered against the 1st defendant and the action
proceeds against the 2nd defendant only.

6 The contracts in respect of the NAP Project and the EDTC Project were
entered into between the 1st defendant and the plaintiff. The plaintiff’s
claim against the 2nd defendant is that he was the controller and manager of
the business of the 1st defendant, he was the alter ego of the 2nd defendant
and that the 1st defendant was used as a vehicle by the 2nd defendant to
perpetrate fraud and/or commit wrong on the plaintiff. For these reasons, the
plaintiff is seeking to lift the corporate veil and make the 2nd defendant
personally liable for the outstanding sums arising from the two projects which
are claimed in this action.

My decision

Preliminary issues

7 As preliminary issues, the plaintiff argued that this application should not
be allowed because: (a) there was a delay by the 2nd defendant in filing this
application; and (b) this application is an abuse of process as the
application was made to avoid/evade giving discovery of documents by the 2nd
defendants pursuant to the plaintiff’s pending application for specific
discovery in Summons No. 1670 of 2013.

8 On the issue of delay, O18 r 19(1) of the Rules states that “The Court may
_at any stage_ of the proceedings order to be struck out or amended any
pleading...” [emphasis added].

9 While an application to strike out a pleading should be made as soon as
possible, a late application is not doomed to failure (see _Tapematic SpA v
Wirana Pte Ltd and another [2002] 1 SLR(R) 44 at [66], approved in Orient
Centre Investments Ltd and another v Societe Generale [2007] 3 SLR(R) 566
(“Orient Centre”) at [61])._

10 Although the Writ of Summons was filed on 17 May 2012, due to various
interlocutory applications, pleadings only closed on 14 December 2012. Parties
filed their list of documents on 7 February 2013. As parties have just
completed discovery, I am of the view that proceedings are still at an early
stage and there are no grounds to hold that this application should not be
allowed due to delay.

11 Further, in _Orient Centre_ at [60], the Court of Appeal accepted that the
generality and vagueness of the claims were such that discovery and further
and better particulars were required before the appellants could decide
whether it has a prima facie case. Similarly, in this case, I note that the
plaintiff failed to draw a distinction between the two defendants in the
Statement of Claim and frequently referred to them collectively as the
“defendants” with no particulars of the claim. Bearing this in mind, it was
reasonable for the 2nd defendant to assess the case after the discovery.

12 The plaintiff’s second preliminary objection to this application is that
this is an abuse of process.

13 The plaintiff argues that, as this application was filed shortly after the
plaintiff’s application to seek specific discovery from the 2nd defendant, the
2nd defendant is using this application to avoid providing discovery and so
this is a proceeding “ _where the process of the court is not being fairly or
honestly used but is employed instead for some ulterior or improper purpose or
in an improper way_ ”. The plaintiff is relying on the second category of
proceedings that would amount to abuse stated in _Chee Siok Chin v Minister
for Home Affairs [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 approved at [71] of NCC International AB
v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd [2008] 2 SLR(R) 565]._

14 While the timing of this application does appear to support the plaintiff’s
argument, I find that, the timing of the application by itself, would be
insufficient to elevate this application to one which is an abuse of process.
This is especially since a striking out application may be filed at any time
and I have found that there is no inordinate delay in this application. I also
note that the 2nd defendant has already engaged in general discovery and so it
cannot be said that this application was filed to avoid disclosure of the 2nd
defendant’s documents.

15 Therefore, for the reasons stated above, I find that the filing of this
application is not an abuse of process and there was no undue delay in filing
this application.

No reasonable cause of action – O18 r19 (a) of the Rules

16 The law relating to O18 r19(a) is well established. See _Ng Chee Weng v Lim
Jit Ming Bryan [2012] 1 SLR 457_ (“ _Ng Chee Weng_ ”) where the Court of
Appeal held at [112]:

...The pleading itself must fail to make out a reasonable cause of action
without reference to other evidence before it can be struck out under limb
(a)....

17 The Court of Appeal in _Ng Chee Weng_ also held at [110]:

...The draconian power of the court to strike out a claim at the interlocutory
stage under limb (a) of O 18 r 19(1) can only be exercised when it is patently
clear that there is no reasonable cause of action on the fact of the
pleadings. The mere fact that a case is weak and not likely to succeed is not
a valid ground for striking out a claim under this ground. In the Singapore
High Court decision of _Active Timber Agencies Pte Ltd v Allen & Gledhill
[1995] 3 SLR(R) 334_, Rubin J held (at [13]) that:

...a reasonable cause of action means a cause of action with some prospect of
success when only the allegations in the pleadings are considered....Another
principle enunciated by the courts over the years underpins the proposition
that so long as the statement of claim or the particulars disclose some cause
of action or raise some question to be decided by a judge..., the mere fact
that the case is weak and not likely to succeed, is no ground for striking it
out...

18 Therefore, the decision on whether there is a reasonable cause of action is
based entirely on what is stated in the pleadings without reference to any
other evidence.

19 From the Statement of Claim, it may be seen that the plaintiff is relying
on two grounds to lift the corporate veil and make the 2nd defendant
personally liable, namely: (a) the 1st defendant is the alter ego of the 2nd
defendant; and (b) 1st defendant was used by the 2nd defendant to perpetuate
fraud and/or commit wrong on the plaintiffs.

Alter ego

20 The separate legal personality of a company was established in the case of
_Aron Solomon (Pauper) v A Salomon and Company, Limited ]1897] AC 22_ and is
an accepted principle of law. However, the corporate veil may be pierced if
the company is no more than an alter ego of its director.

21 The key question to be asked is this: is the company carrying on the
business of its controller? This is inevitably a question of fact. However,
what is clear is that evidence of sole shareholding and control of the company
without more will not move the court to intervene. Further, the mere fact that
the director used the pronoun “I” when referring to the company’s actions is
not sufficient to show that the director was the controller of the company.
[See _NEC Asia Pte Ltd v Picket & Rail Asia Pacific Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 565
(“NEC Asia”) at [31] and [36]_].

22 In the Statement of Claim, the plaintiff relies on the following to
establish his case that the 1st defendant is the alter ego of the 2nd
defendant:

(a) the 2nd defendant was the controller and manager of the business of the
1st defendants;

(b) the 2nd defendant is a director and majority shareholder of the 1st
defendant, the other director and minority shareholder being the 2nd
defendant’s father; and

(c) the 2nd defendant represented and held himself out to be the “owner” of
the 1st defendant and at all material times, the 1st defendant’s general
manager acted on the instructions and directions of the 2nd defendant.

23 The question here is whether the above statements which have been pleaded
would be sufficient to show a reasonable cause of action. I am of the view
that it does not. The mere fact that the 2nd defendant is a director and
majority shareholder is insufficient to show that he is the controller of the
1st defendant. Secondly, it is normal for a director to give instruction to
the staff of a company in the normal course of business and to expect the
staff to comply with the instructions. Therefore, the fact that the 1st
defendant gives instructions to the staff of the 1st defendant, who comply
with these instructions, is, by itself, insufficient to support the alter ego
argument.

24 In _NEC Asia_ at [36], it was held that the director’s frequent use of the
pronoun “I” when referring to the companies’ actions could not be used as
evidence that these companies were his alter ego. In the present case, even if
the 2nd defendant did hold himself to be “owner”, this is a bare allegation
without any particulars as to how this showed that the 2nd defendant was the
controller of the 1st defendant and by itself would not be sufficient to show
that the 1st defendant was his alter ego.

25 Therefore, for the above reasons, I find that, based on the pleadings, the
plaintiff’s claim that the 1st defendant is the alter ego of the 2nd defendant
has no reasonable prospect of success and should be struck out on the basis
that there is no reasonable cause of action.

Fraud

26 The plaintiff’s second basis for piercing the corporate veil is that the
1st defendant was used as a vehicle by the 2nd defendant to perpetrate fraud
and/or to commit wrong on the plaintiff as follows:

(a) The plaintiff was deceived into believing representations made by the 2nd
defendant that the plaintiff would be duly paid and/or that the contractual
obligations undertaken by the plaintiff would be duly honoured, which
representations turned out to be false and untrue;

(b) The 2nd defendant made promises and assurances to make payment and reneged
on the same subsequently;

(c) The promises and assurances were made by the 2nd defendant as a pretext to
induce the plaintiff to continue with the projects and/or refrain from
commencing proceedings to recover monies due to them, only to renege on the
same when payment was sought;

(d) The 2nd defendant would be uncontactable and fail to respond to
plaintiff’s calls in the hope of evading payment due to the plaintiff;

(e) Plaintiff acted to its detriment by relying on the 2nd defendant’s
representations as they undertook further works and incurred expenses which
they would not be obliged to but for the representations made by the 2nd
defendant;

(f) Plaintiff granted indulgence to the 1st defendant at the request of the
2nd defendant and have granted forbearance by withholding the commencement of
proceedings against the 1st defendant;

(g) 2nd defendant claimed that the employers of the NAP Project had withheld
the retention monies which turned out to be false; and

(h) 2nd defendant sought the plaintiff’s assistance to rectify defective works
and failed to ensure that the monies owed to the plaintiff for these works
were paid.

27 It should first be made clear that the plaintiff’s claim against the 2nd
defendant is not for misrepresentation and there has been no claim by the
plaintiff against the 2nd defendant for damages arising from any alleged
misrepresentation. The plaintiff’s counsel informed the court during
submissions that the cause of action for these representations “should be
misrepresentation but I am going on a higher standard that [2nd defendant]
should be personally liable for the misstatements that were made as the
defendants had no intention to make payment when the statements were made”. In
other words, the plaintiff is seeking to pierce the corporate veil on the
basis of these representations by the 2nd defendant.

28 In _Prest v Prest [2013] 2 WLR 557_ at [125], the English Court of Appeal,
summarised the principles in respect of piercing of the corporate veil as
follows:

...First, ownership and control of a company are not themselves sufficient to
justify piercing the veil. Second, the court cannot pierce the veil, even when
no unconnected third party is involved, merely because it is perceived that to
do so is necessary in the interest of justice. Third, the corporate veil can
only be pierced when there is some impropriety. Fourth, _the company’s
involvement in an impropriety will not by itself justify a piercing of its
veil: the impropriety ‘must be linked to use of the company structure to avoid
or conceal liability’_...Fifth, it follows that if the court is to pierce the
veil, it is necessary to show both control of the company by the wrongdoer
_and_ impropriety in the sense of a misuse of the company as a device or
facade to conceal wrongdoing. Sixth, a company can be a facade for such
purpose even though not incorporated with deceptive intent:...the question is
whether it is being used as a facade at the time of the relevant
transaction.... [emphasis added]

29 It follows that the issue to be considered is this: whether the
representations by the 2nd defendant would be an impropriety that is linked to
the use of the company structure to avoid or conceal liability such that it
would be sufficient to lift the corporate veil.

30 The representations made by the 2nd defendant were merely assurances of
payment to the plaintiff which the plaintiff allege turned out to be untrue or
request for work to be done by the plaintiff for which it is alleged that no
payment was subsequently made. The representations made by the 2nd defendant
were not in any way “linked to the use of the [1st defendant] to avoid or
conceal liability”. From the pleadings, it is clear that the plaintiff was not
confused over the identities of the 1st and 2nd defendant and the plaintiff
was fully aware that the 2nd defendant was the director of the 1st defendant.
In my view, none of these statements as pleaded, even if they were false or
fraudulent, would be sufficient to show that the 1st defendant was used as a
“device or facade to conceal wrongdoing”.

31 In these circumstances, while the plaintiff may be aggrieved by the
representations by the 2nd defendant, which are alleged to be false or
fraudulent, its contractual recourse for the outstanding sums due and owing
from the two projects is still against only the 1st defendant, who was the
contracting party. The court will not pierce the corporate veil merely in the
interest of justice.

32 For the reasons above, I am of the view that there is no reasonable cause
of action against the 2nd defendant in respect of the alleged representations
made by the 2nd defendant and the plaintiff’s claim against the 2nd defendant
should be struck out.

Amendment

33 In making my decision to strike out the claim against the 2nd defendant, I
am aware of the proposition that a court should not strike out a case if the
defect or deficiency could be cured by way of amendment. See _Ching Mun Fong v
Liu Cho Chit [2000] 1 SLR(R) 53 (“Ching Mun Fong”)_.

34 The plaintiff has submitted that, even if the pleadings are insufficient,
the 2nd defendant has not sought any particulars and amendments to the
pleading may be made, if necessary. First, it is not for the 2nd defendants to
seek particulars to remedy and shore up the plaintiff’s inadequate pleadings.
It is for the plaintiff to ensure that his pleadings are adequate to show that
there is a reasonable cause of action. Second, despite the vigorous attack on
the pleadings by the 2nd defendant during the course of submissions before me,
the plaintiff has not indicated that any amendments to the pleadings are
required and stand by their pleading. Therefore, the proposition in _Ching Mun
Fong_ has no application here. See _Kim Hok Yung v Cooperative Centrale
Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 455 at [18].

Conclusion

35 Accordingly, I order that the plaintiff’s claim against the 2nd defendant
be struck out.

36 I will hear parties on the issue of costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 May 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

