Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Law Society of Singapore _v_ Wan Hui Hong James  
[2013] SGHC 85

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 952 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 April 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Three Judges  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S H Almenoar (R Ramason & Almenoar) for the applicant;
Wong Siew Hong, Poonaam Bai and Wayne Ong (Eldan Law LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Law Society of Singapore — Wan Hui Hong James  
  
22 April 2013|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
pursuant to s 94(1) read with s 98 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009
Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for Wan Hui Hong James (“the respondent”), an advocate and
solicitor of 42 years’ standing, to be punished under s 83 of the Act.

2 The misconduct to which the respondent admitted consisted of accepting a
significant gift from a client without advising the client to seek independent
advice in respect of the gift. The respondent further admitted that he had
thereby breached r 46 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules
(Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”). However, the respondent denied the
Law Society’s allegation that he had been dishonest. After hearing parties, we
found that the respondent had indeed been dishonest, and accordingly, we
ordered that he be struck off the roll. We now set out the reasons for our
decision.

The rule on solicitors receiving gifts from clients

3 Before turning to the facts and issues in this case, we take the opportunity
to clarify the rationale and purport of r 46 of the Rules. As there has been
no judicial guidance thus far on r 46 – this being the first occasion on which
a breach of that rule has come before this Court as far as we can ascertain –
we think that it would now be appropriate to provide some such measure of
guidance to the profession. Rule 46 reads as follows:

Gift by will or inter vivos from client

46\. Where a client intends to make a _significant gift by will or inter
vivos, or in any other manner_ , to –

(_a_) an advocate and solicitor _acting for him_ ;

(_b_) any member of the law firm of the advocate and solicitor;

(_c_) any member, director or employee of the law corporation of the advocate
and solicitor;

(_ca_) any partner or employee of the limited liability law partnership of the
advocate and solicitor; or

(_d_) any member of the family of the advocate and solicitor,

the advocate and solicitor _shall not act for the client_** _and_** _shall
advise the client to be independently advised in respect of the gift._

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The rule in other jurisdictions

4 In England, the professional obligations of solicitors are currently
described in the Solicitors Regulation Authority Code of Conduct 2011 (“the
English Code of Conduct 2011”). The approach taken there is a novel one called
“[o]utcomes-focused regulation”. This approach eschews specific rules of
conduct, and instead lays down conduct guidelines at a higher level of
generality by defining broad mandatory “Principles” and “outcomes”.
“Principles” include “not allow[ing] your independence to be compromised” and
“act[ing] in the best interests of each client”, while “outcomes” include
“treat[ing] your clients fairly” (O(1.1)) and “provid[ing] services to your
clients in a manner which protects their interests in their matter, subject to
the proper administration of justice” (O(1.2)). The English Code of Conduct
2011 also includes certain “indicative behaviours” which, while not mandatory,
describe conduct which “may tend to show” achievement of the “outcomes” and
compliance with the “Principles” - both of which _are_ mandatory. “Indicative
behaviour” 1.9 (IB(1.9)) in the English Code of Conduct 2011 is the closest
analogue to r 46 of the Rules, and reads as follows:

[R]efusing to act where your client proposes to make a gift of significant
value to you or a member of your family, or a member of your firm or their
family, unless the client takes independent legal advice ...

IB 1.9 of the English Code of Conduct 2011 is based on r 3.04 of an earlier
version of the same code in 2007 (“the English Code of Conduct 2007”). The
English Code of Conduct 2007 was not “outcomes-focused” like the English Code
of Conduct 2011, but instead prescribed specific rules of conduct. Rule 3.04
of the English Code of Conduct 2007 read:

**3.04 Accepting gifts from clients**

Where a client proposes to make a lifetime gift or a gift on death to, or for
the benefit of:

(a) you;

(b) any principal, owner or employee of your firm;

(c) a family member of any of the above,

and the gift is of a significant amount, either in itself or having regard to
the size of the client’s estate and the reasonable expectations of the
prospective beneficiaries, you must advise the client to take independent
advice about the gift, unless the client is a member of the beneficiary’s
family. If the client refuses, you must stop acting for the client in relation
to the gift.

5 Another analogue to r 46 of the Rules may be found in r 11.2 of the
Australian state of New South Wales’ Professional Conduct and Practice Rules
1995 (“the New South Wales rules”) as follows:

11.2 A practitioner who receives instructions from a person to –

11.2.1 draw a will under which the practitioner or an associate will, or may,
receive a substantial benefit other than any proper entitlement to commission
... and the reasonable professional fees of the practitioner or the
practitioner’s firm; or

11.2.2 draws any other instrument under which the practitioner or an associate
will, or may, receive a substantial benefit in addition to the practitioner’s
reasonable remuneration ... must decline to act on those instructions and
offer to refer the person, for advice, to another practitioner who is not an
associate of the practitioner, unless the person instructing the practitioner
is either:

11.2.3 a member of the practitioner’s immediate family; or

11.2.4 a practitioner, or a member of the immediate family of a practitioner,
who is a partner, employer, or employee, of the practitioner.

6 We should say that we refer to these rules in other jurisdictions for the
points of divergence, rather than the convergence that exists between them and
r 46 of the Rules.

Rationale for the rule

7 It is often said that the rule on advocates and solicitors receiving gifts
from their clients stems from the fact that an advocate and solicitor stands
as a fiduciary in relation to his client. The broad idea behind this statement
is undoubtedly correct, but it might perhaps benefit from a greater degree of
clarity because, in the words of Professor P D Finn (“Finn”) at the beginning
of his seminal work _Fiduciary Obligations_ (The Law Book Company Ltd, 1977),
the term “fiduciary” is “one of the most ill-defined, if not altogether
misleading terms in our law” (at para 1). In Finn’s view, it is preferable to
focus not on fiduciary _relationships_ , but on fiduciary _obligations_ (at
paras 2–3):

On the modern usage of “fiduciary”, Sealy concluded that it is not definitive
of a single class of relationships to which fixed rules and principles apply.
**Rather its use has generally been descriptive, providing a veil behind which
individual rules and principles have been developed.** This conclusion—an
incontestable one—is the starting point of this work. In the following pages
it will be suggested that it is meaningless to talk of fiduciary relationships
as such. Once one looks to the rules and principles which actually have been
evolved, it quickly becomes apparent that it is pointless to describe a
person—or for that matter a power—as being fiduciary unless at the same time
it is said for the purposes of which particular rules and principles that
description is being used. **These rules are everything. The description
“fiduciary”, nothing.** ...

... **It is not because a person is a “fiduciary” or a “confidant” that a rule
applies to him. It is because a particular rule applies to him that he is a
fiduciary or confidant**** _for its purposes_****.**

[emphasis in orginal in italics; emphasis added in bold]

In the same vein, in the English Court of Appeal case of _Bristol and West
Building Society v Mothew_ [1998] Ch 1, Millett LJ (as he then was) opined at
18C that a fiduciary “is not subject to fiduciary obligations because he is a
fiduciary; it is because he is subject to them that he is a fiduciary”.

8 Accordingly, we would say that the rule on advocates and solicitors
receiving gifts from their clients stems from the fact that the relationship
between an advocate and solicitor and his client is of such a nature as to
warrant the imposition of fiduciary obligations on him. What then is the
nature of their relationship? It is one in which the advocate and solicitor
undertakes to act on behalf of his client and to take up his client’s cause as
his own, which then gives rise to a duty to act in the client’s interests. In
this relationship the advocate and solicitor almost invariably assumes a
position of ascendency and influence over his client who then relies on and
trusts him. As a consequence, he is subject to two fiduciary obligations,
adopting for present purposes Finn’s classification of the various fiduciary
obligations as outlined at paras 161–168. The first is not to put himself in a
position where his personal interests conflict with his duty to act in the
interests of his client. The second is not to exercise undue influence over
his client, _ie_ , not to misuse, whether actively or passively, his influence
over his client. When his client intends to make a gift to him, or to a person
with whom he has close personal or professional ties, these two fiduciary
obligations are related in the sense that, even though the apparent interests
of both parties seem to be aligned (since both parties seem to desire that the
gift be made to him), he is deemed to be in a position of conflict because of
the presumption that his client is making the gift under his undue influence.
As Vaughan Williams LJ noted in _Wright v Carter_ [1903] 1 Ch 27 (“ _Wright_
”) at 50:

[W]henever you have these fiduciary relations (and in the present case we have
to deal with the particular fiduciary relation of solicitor and client),
**_the moment the relation is established, there arises a presumption of
influence_** _, which presumption will continue as long as the relation, such
as that of solicitor and client_ , **_continues, or at all events until it can
be clearly inferred that the influence had come to an end._** [emphasis added
in italics and bold italics]

_Wright_ was not a case involving disciplinary proceedings against a
solicitor. Rather, it was a civil case in which the plaintiff sought to set
aside a gift that he had made to his solicitor. Yet the essence of the
principle articulated therein by Vaughan Williams LJ nonetheless remains
relevant even in disciplinary cases, because that same restraint which makes a
gift made to a solicitor liable to be set aside would also place the solicitor
under an ethical duty to refrain from accepting a questionable gift from his
client.

9 When a client intends to make a gift to an advocate and solicitor, there is
an ethical duty on him to remove, as far as he can, any vestiges of influence
(or the appearance thereof) he might have over his client by virtue of their
relationship. In the words of Dixon J in the High Court of Australia in
_Johnson v Buttress_ (1936) 56 CLR 113 at 135:

It is his duty to use his position of influence in the interest of no one but
the man who is governed by his judgment, gives him his dependence and entrusts
him with his welfare. When he takes from that man a substantial gift of
property, _it is incumbent upon him to show that it cannot be ascribed to the
inequality between them which must arise from his special position._ He may be
taken to possess a peculiar knowledge not only of the disposition itself but
of the circumstances which should affect its validity ; he has chosen to
accept a benefit which may well proceed from an abuse of the authority
conceded to him, or the confidence reposed in him ; and the relations between
him and the donor are so close as to make it difficult to disentangle the
inducements which led to the transaction. [emphasis added]

The removal of any vestiges of influence is, in essence, what r 46 of the
Rules mandates. It stipulates two distinct obligations to be met in the
discharge of that ethical duty. One is that the advocate and solicitor must
advise the client to be independently advised. The other is that he must
refuse to act for his client, or to act for his client any longer. The scope
and content of these two obligations will be considered below. When an
advocate and solicitor fails to comply with r 46 of the Rules, disciplinary
action is taken against him because he is taken to have misused his influence
over his client, and thus to have put himself in a position where his personal
interests conflict with his duty to act in the interests of his client.

“Significant gift”

10 As the text makes clear, r 46 of the Rules applies only when a
“significant” gift is intended. Where the gift is of a trifling nature, it is
not presumed to have been made or intended under the influence of the
solicitor-client relationship, because it is the sort of gift that would not
seem untoward in any ordinary relationship between non-strangers. But where
the gift is a significant one, it is no longer readily explicable on the basis
of ordinary sentiment, and this attracts the presumption that it is explicable
only on the basis of influence arising from the solicitor-client relationship.
In the context of r 46 of the Rules, a “significant” gift must mean not only a
gift significant in absolute terms, but also a gift significant having regard
to the client’s means and the reasonable expectations of other prospective
beneficiaries, if any. This is the amplified definition of “significant” in
the English Code of Conduct 2007, and it is, in our view, also the correct
meaning to be attributed to “significant” as used in r 46 of the Rules. An
improvident widow who intends a gift of all that she has in the world surely
intends a significant gift even if its monetary value may not be significant
in relation to the assets of the advocate and solicitor. In the final
analysis, what is significant will be fact sensitive and assessed on a case by
case basis.

11 As a rule of thumb, the more significant the gift, the stronger the
presumption that the gift is influenced by the solicitor-client fiduciary
relationship, and the more imperative the need for the client to be
independently advised in respect of the gift.

“Shall advise the client to be independently advised”

12 The advocate and solicitor to whom his client intends a significant gift is
obliged to advise his client to be independently advised in respect of the
gift, because the dispassionate counsel of an uninvolved party is needed to
establish that his client’s judgment has not been clouded by influence arising
from their solicitor-client relationship. It should be observed that this
obligation arises regardless of the nature of the matter in which the advocate
and solicitor acts for his client. In New South Wales, the obligation to refer
the client for independent advice arises only when the nature of the
solicitor’s involvement is that of drawing up the client’s will, or any other
instrument by which a disposal of his client’s property is effected. In
Singapore, by contrast, the width of r 46 of the Rules is such that the
obligation arises even if the intended gift is wholly unrelated to the matter
in which the advocate and solicitor is acting for the client.

13 What then does it mean for the client to be independently advised? The
phrase “independent advice” is defined in r 32 of the Rules, but that
definition applies only to rr 33–34, and in any event it does not elaborate on
what the content of the advice should be. As such we look elsewhere for
guidance. The question arises not infrequently in civil cases where the donor
of a gift seeks to set aside a gift made to a fiduciary (not necessarily a
solicitor). In that context, the Privy Council in _Inche Noriah v Shaik Allie
bin Omar_ [1929] AC 127 (“ _Inche Noriah_ ”) declared at 135:

It is necessary for the [fiduciary] to prove that the gift was the result of
the _free exercise of independent will_. The most obvious way to prove this is
by establishing that the gift was made after _the nature and effect of the
transaction had been fully explained_ to the donor by some independent and
_qualified_ person so completely as to satisfy the Court that the donor was
acting independently of any influence from the [fiduciary] and with the _full
appreciation of what he was doing_ ... [emphasis added]

The following observations of Fletcher Mouton LJ in an earlier case of the
English Court of Appeal _In re Coomber_ ; _Coomber v Coomber_ [1911] 1 Ch 723
(“ _Coomber_ ”) at 729–730 are also instructive:

I think that a solicitor best gives advice when he takes care that the client
_understands fully the nature of the act and the consequences of that act_. He
is not bound to say “I will advise you to do it” ; or “if I were you I would
do it” ; or “if I were you I would not do it.” Nothing of that kind is
necessary for competent and independent advice. All that is necessary is that
_some independent person, free from any taint of the relationship, or of the
consideration of interest which would affect the act_ , should put clearly
before the person what are the nature and the consequences of the act. It is
for adult persons of competent mind to decide whether they will do an act, and
I do not think that independent and competent advice means independent and
competent approval. It simply means that _the advice shall be removed entirely
from the suspected atmosphere_ ; and that from the clear language of an
independent mind, they should know precisely what they are doing. [emphasis
added]

It will be noted that, while Fletcher Moulton LJ was conscious of the need for
a prospective donor of a gift to receive independent advice when the intended
recipient of the gift is a fiduciary, he was also concerned that the standard
of independent advice required should not be unduly high.

14 The preceding remarks were all addressed to the question of a fiduciary’s
entitlement to retain a gift, and not the question of whether a solicitor had
fulfilled his professional obligation to advise his client to be independently
advised in respect of an intended gift. Nevertheless, these remarks provide
helpful guidance on the scope of a solicitor’s ethical duties in that regard,
insofar as they inform what he should say when advising his client to be
independently advised.

15 It should be remembered that the obligation of the advocate and solicitor
under r 46 of the Rules is to _advise_ the client to be independently advised.
He is in no position to dictate or supervise the content of the independent
advice, and therefore does not deserve sanction just because the independent
advice is somehow inadequate. On the other hand, he does not fulfil his
obligation merely by telling his client “You should seek independent advice”
without more. Something in the way of the formulation of Cozens-Hardy MR in
_Coomber_ at 726 comes closer to the mark: “I cannot take this unless you have
independent advice; consult an independent solicitor, put the matter before
him, and he must explain the matter fully to you”. Yet even that appears too
perfunctory to suffice, especially if it is said as an afterthought – so what
more must the advocate and solicitor do?

16 In our view, _Royal Bank of Scotland plc v Etridge (No 2)_ [2002] 2 AC 773
(“ _Etridge_ ”) provides a measure of guidance, even though that case dealt
with a rather different set of facts. In _Etridge_ a number of wives had each
charged her interest in her home in favour of a bank as security for her
husband’s or his company’s debts. Each wife later sought to set aside this
charge on the ground that she had been under the undue influence of her
husband. Lord Nicholls described, at [79], the steps that a bank wishing to
uphold the transaction should take whenever a transaction is questionable
enough to put the bank on inquiry:

... I consider the bank should take steps to check _directly with the wife_
the name of the solicitor she wishes to act for her. To this end, in future
the bank should communicate directly with the wife, informing her that for its
own protection it will require written confirmation from a solicitor, acting
for her, to the effect that the solicitor has fully explained to her the
nature of the documents and the practical implications they will have for her.
She should be told that the purpose of this requirement is that thereafter she
should not be able to dispute she is legally bound by the documents once she
has signed them. She should be asked to nominate a solicitor whom she is
willing to instruct to advise her, separately from her husband, and act for
her in giving the necessary confirmation to the bank ...

...

... If the bank is not willing to undertake the task of explanation itself,
the bank must provide the solicitor with the financial information he needs
for this purpose. Accordingly it should become routine practice for banks, if
relying on confirmation from a solicitor for their protection, to send to the
solicitor the necessary financial information. What is required must depend on
the facts of the case.

[emphasis in original]

17 Notwithstanding the dissimilarities between _Etridge_ and the present
disciplinary proceedings before us, _Etridge_ is of assistance because, in one
crucial respect, the position of the banks in that case is similar to the
position of an advocate and solicitor to whom his client intends a significant
gift. Both have an obligation to advise a person presumed to be under the
influence of another person to be independently advised, so as to ensure that
the former makes a decision which is an uninfluenced expression of personal
volition. This obligation exists even though neither banks nor advocates and
solicitors have direct control over the content of independent advice received
by the person under the presumed influence. Therefore, the steps which a bank
should take in an _Etridge_ -type situation, and the steps which an advocate
and solicitor should take in a situation falling under r 46 of the Rules, are
directed at the same goal (safeguarding the autonomy of the person presumed to
be influenced), and subject to the same limitation (inability to ensure
personally that the independent advice is of sufficiently emancipating
quality, owing to an inability to intervene directly in that independent
advice). It follows that the steps to be taken by both should not be too
divergent.

18 Drawing together the threads identified in _Inche Noriah_ , _Coomber_ and
_Etridge_ , we now elaborate on the content of an advocate and solicitor’s
obligation, under r 46 of the Rules, to advise his client to be independently
advised in respect of the gift:

(a) He should explain to his client the reason why independent advice is
required, _viz_ , to ensure that the client’s decision to make a gift to him
is a free exercise of independent will, given the presumption that the
decision is influenced by the solicitor-client relationship. He should explain
that, even if the client does not perceive any influence, such influence may
nevertheless exist, _eg_ , influence arising from the client’s gratitude
towards the advocate and solicitor for help in navigating the forbidding
labyrinth that is the law; under such influence, decisions may be made that
the client will later, upon sober reflection, regret. He should explain that
the independent advice must give the client a full understanding of the nature
and consequences of the gift which is intended. He should emphasise,
repeatedly if necessary, the importance of receiving independent advice.

(b) Since the independent advice must proceed from someone sufficiently
qualified to render it, we would, for the sake of clarity, draw bright lines
and make it a rule that the person giving the independent advice be another
advocate and solicitor, no matter how uncomplicated the legal issues involved.

(c) The donee advocate and solicitor, _ie_ , the advocate and solicitor to
whom the gift is intended, should ask his client to nominate the advising
advocate and solicitor. He should then ensure that the advising advocate and
solicitor has no connections or involvement which would in any way compromise
independence. This is not to say that the advising advocate and solicitor can
never be someone known to the donee advocate and solicitor – given the
relatively small size of the legal profession here, it is perhaps difficult
for legal professionals to avoid knowing one another. This is also not to say
that the donee advocate and solicitor absolutely cannot refer his client to an
advising advocate and solicitor, even to an advising advocate and solicitor
whom he knows. However, if the advising advocate and solicitor is known to the
donee advocate and solicitor, and issues subsequently arise as to the
propriety of the gift, then the advice given by the advising advocate and
solicitor, as well as the context in which the advising advocate and solicitor
became involved, will come under even closer scrutiny, and all the more so if
the advising advocate and solicitor was not chosen by the client but was
referred to the client by the donee advocate and solicitor.

(d) The donee advocate and solicitor should advise his client to obtain
written confirmation from the advising advocate and solicitor to the effect
that a full explanation of the nature of the transaction, and its practical
implications, has been furnished.

(e) If the transaction by which the gift is to be made is of some complexity,
he should provide the advising advocate and solicitor with all information
necessary to make the independent advice sufficiently comprehensive. However,
in providing such information, he must not say or do anything which would
influence the views of the advising advocate and solicitor in respect of the
transaction.

(f) He may tell the client that, whatever the content of the independent
advice, the decision is ultimately the client’s to make, but he must not
convey even the slightest impression that such independent advice is but a
formality.

(g) Should the client decline to seek independent advice for whatever reason,
he should insist with some force that his client do so, and reiterate the
importance of receiving that independent advice. In the absence of such
advice, the advocate and solicitor should decline to accept the gift.

“Shall not act for the client”

19 The other obligation stipulated in r 46 of the Rules is that the advocate
and solicitor “shall not act for the client”. Now r 46 of the Rules itself is
ambiguous on whether the phrase “in respect of the gift” qualifies only the
obligation to “advise the client to be independently advised”, or whether it
qualifies also the other obligation to “not act for the client”. Approaching
this ambiguity in the abstract, it is not difficult to see why an advocate and
solicitor should be obliged to refuse to act when he acts “in respect of the
gift”. When he so acts, the client is presumed to look to him for advice and
guidance concerning the gift. Consequently, it is thus presumed that he
continues to exert influence over the client’s judgment in relation to the
gift, notwithstanding the independent advice which the client may have
received. Conversely, if the advocate and solicitor acts for the client not
“in respect of the gift” – in other words, in a matter unrelated to the gift –
he is not relied upon for advice and guidance pertaining to the gift, and it
is not presumed that the client’s judgment in making the gift was influenced
by him. This is so long as the client received independent advice or was at
least advised to be independently advised. Therefore, as a matter of
commonsense, our view is that the phrase “in respect of the gift” qualifies
also the obligation “shall not act for the client”. In other words, the
advocate and solicitor’s obligation to refuse to act arises only when
continuing to act would be acting “in respect of the gift”.

20 What then does it mean to act “in respect of the gift”? A clear instance of
so acting is when the advocate and solicitor draws up an instrument by which a
disposal of the client’s property is effected, such as a will. By drawing up
such an instrument, he would be directly assisting the client’s intended
disposal of the client’s property to himself – that is, the intended gift –
and he is therefore considered to be acting “in respect of the gift”.
Contrariwise, a clear instance of not acting “in respect of the gift” is when
he acts for his client in a litigation matter, and the gift which the client
intends does not require his assistance to effect, _eg_ , a gift of cash or in
the form of a cheque. Yet, between such clear instances lies murkier
territory. For instance, does an advocate and solicitor act in “respect of the
gift” when he acts in the sale of his client’s property, and the client
intends to make a gift to him of part of the sale proceeds? While much will
depend on the facts and circumstances of each case, the essential question in
each inquiry is whether the nature of the matter in which the advocate and
solicitor acts for his client is such as to warrant the presumption that the
client’s judgment in making the gift is influenced by the advocate and
solicitor.

21 All we have said on the obligation to refuse to act is consistent with the
sparse comments considering that obligation. Jeffrey Pinsler, _Ethics and
Professional Responsibility: A Code for the Advocate and Solicitor_ (Academy
Publishing, 2007) at para 17-018 states r 46 of the Rules as providing that
the advocate and solicitor “must not act, and is obliged to counsel the client
to be independently advised, in respect of the gift”; the comma after the
words “independently advised” indicates the view that “in respect of the gift”
qualifies also the obligation “shall not act for the client”. The _Guide to
Professional Conduct for Advocates and Solicitors_ (Alvin Chen gen ed) (Law
Society of Singapore, 2011) at p 31 reproduces a Guidance Note of 4 December
2007 from the Law Society’s Ethics Committee expressing the view that, where a
solicitor’s parents instruct him to prepare a will under which he would
receive a gift, “rule 46 [of the Rules] does not prohibit a solicitor from
acting for his parents in contentious matters unrelated to the gift, subject
to the general rules on conflict of interest and common law”.

22 Hence where the advocate and solicitor does not act “in respect of the
gift”, there is no obligation on him to refuse to act for his client; his only
obligation is to advise the client to be independently advised in respect of
the gift. However, where he does indeed act “in respect of the gift”, then he
has two obligations which are cumulative and not alternative. Unlike the
English Code of Conduct 2007 where the obligation to refuse to act only arises
if the client refuses to take independent advice about the gift, an advocate
and solicitor in Singapore who acts “in respect of the gift” is obliged both
to refuse to act and to advise the client to be independently advised.

Client who is related to the advocate and solicitor

23 In the English Code of Conduct 2007 and the New South Wales rules, the
solicitor’s obligations to refuse to act and to advise the client to be
independently advised do not arise where the client is closely related to the
solicitor. In Singapore, however, r 46 of the Rules contains no such
exception. Those obligations apply regardless of the degree of propinquity in
the relationship between an advocate and solicitor and his client. As is made
clear in the same Guidance Note from the Law Society’s Ethics Committee
referred to at [21] above, the obligations apply even if it is the solicitor’s
own parents who instruct him.

Client who is not a fully competent adult

24 By its terms, r 46 of the Rules assumes that the client is one to whom
independent advice would be of some utility. This presupposes a client who is
capable of making decisions for herself in a rational manner. In our view,
this means that where the client is not, or does not appear to be, such a
fully competent adult, even more stringent obligations must apply. To quote
Fletcher Moulton LJ in _Coomber_ at 730:

When a man takes upon himself the responsibility of advising those who are not
adults, who are not persons capable of managing their own affairs in the
broadest sense of the word, other conditions may arise ...

There, the judge was alluding to additional obligations which might be imposed
on the solicitor purporting to render independent advice; but equally, or _a
fortiori_ , if the advocate and solicitor to whom the gift is intended wishes
to avail himself of the apparent generosity of one who is not a fully
competent adult, additional obligations must apply.

25 Of course, it would be best if the advocate and solicitor declines entirely
to retain the intended gift or any part of it. On the other hand, if he wishes
to retain it, he does not discharge his ethical duty merely by complying with
the letter of r 46 of the Rules, however comprehensive the independent advice
received by the client might be. Extra steps will have to be taken, and what
those extra steps are will depend on the circumstances of the case. If, for
example, the client is one with a history of mental health problems, the
advocate and solicitor must at least ensure that she undergoes proper
psychiatric evaluation to certify her ability to understand the nature and
effect of what she is doing.

Civil consequences

26 We emphasise that it will always be preferable for advocates and solicitors
to decline to accept gifts from clients, unless the value of the gift is
insignificant both in absolute terms and relative to the client’s means. This
is because, even if the advocate and solicitor can show that he fulfilled his
ethical duties under r 46 of the Rules, the gift may nevertheless be liable to
be set aside. We do not intend here to discuss at any length the law on
setting aside gifts for undue influence. Suffice to say, in _Wright_ ,
Stirling LJ echoed Lord Eldon’s statement in an earlier case that it was
“almost impossible” to uphold a gift to a solicitor from his client (at 57);
in _Etridge_ , Lord Nicholls said that the donor of a gift may “understand
fully the implications of a proposed transaction, for instance, a substantial
gift, and yet still be acting under the undue influence of another” (at [20]),
which would vitiate the gift. Take the example of a client with a history of
mental health problems. If an advocate and solicitor refuses to act for her,
sends her for psychiatric evaluation, obtains certification of her fitness to
understand what she is doing and to manage her own affairs, and refers her to
an independent and qualified third party for advice, he may well have
fulfilled his ethical duties as an advocate and solicitor, and hence not be
liable to disciplinary sanction. Yet it does not follow that, if the client
subsequently applies to set aside the gift, the court will necessarily hold
that he is entitled to retain the gift.

Relationship with the rule prohibiting purchase of client’s assets at an
undervalue

27 It is worth noting that there may be some overlap between rr 45 and 46 of
the Rules. Under r 45, an advocate and solicitor may purchase goods and assets
from his client only at the prevailing market price or at a reasonable price.
He is prohibited, in other words, from purchasing those goods or assets at an
undervalue. However, it is possible to re-conceptualise a purchase at an
undervalue as a purchase at fair value together with a gift of a refund of
part of the purchase price. Hence, if the purchase is at a significant
undervalue, it may be caught by r 46 as well as r 45.

Facts

28 We turn now to the facts of the present case.

29 The respondent was an advocate and solicitor who practised as sole
proprietor under the name M/s James Wan & Co. He was admitted to the Singapore
Bar on 14 October 1970. In the matter out of which these disciplinary
proceedings arose, the respondent’s client was Madam Chiang Choy Peng (“Mdm
Chiang”). She was born on 13 March 1939.

Mdm Chiang’s background

30 Mdm Chiang became the owner of 18 Maria Avenue, Singapore 456749 (“the
Property”) on 27 January 1961. Unfortunately, years later, she was found
wandering in the streets. She was referred to Woodbridge Hospital and treated
there for schizophrenia. Having improved with treatment, she was discharged
and admitted to the Woodlands Home for the Aged[note: 1] (“the Woodlands
Home”) on 11 March 1980. When the Woodlands Home was closed on 28 April 1997,
she was transferred to the Bukit Batok Home for the Aged[note: 2].

31 On 6 May 1999, the Singapore Land Registry (“the Registry”) wrote to Mdm
Chiang naming her as the owner of the Property, and requesting that she verify
her identity for purposes of conversion to the new system of land
registration[note: 3]. The then-Superintendent of the Bukit Batok Home for the
Aged, Mr Yeo Lee Hock (“Yeo”), helped her to respond, and on 28 April 2000 the
Registry wrote again to Mdm Chiang informing her that a Certificate of Title
over the Property had been issued in her name[note: 4]. They also informed her
that, in order to collect this Certificate of Title, she had to produce her
National Registration Identity Card and the original Deed of Conveyance. Mdm
Chiang was unable to locate the Deed of Conveyance.

The respondent gets involved

32 The respondent’s involvement began sometime in March 2001, when Yeo asked
him to act for Mdm Chiang. Both Yeo and the respondent at the material time
worshipped at Paya Lebar Methodist Church. According to Yeo’s file note, he
and Mdm Chiang met the respondent on 17 April 2001[note: 5]. That same day,
Mdm Chiang made a statutory declaration that she had lost or misplaced the
Deed of Conveyance[note: 6]. Regarding Mdm Chiang’s mental fitness to make
this statutory declaration, in a letter from the Institute of Mental Health
(“the IMH”) dated 11 June 2001, Dr Eu Pui Wai, consultant psychiatrist at
Woodbridge Hospital, expressed his opinion that Mdm Chiang was “mentally fit
and capable of making a Statutory Declaration declaring the loss of a deed of
Conveyance”[note: 7]. This letter was addressed to the respondent, and was
stated to be a response to his “request for a psychiatric report” on Mdm
Chiang.

The respondent instructs Lee Chin Seon

33 At some point in time, either when he was first briefed by Yeo or
thereafter, the respondent became aware that the Property was occupied. On 23
April 2001, the respondent wrote to these occupiers demanding delivery of
vacant possession. Their solicitors wrote back on 30 May 2001 conveying the
occupiers’ intention to claim adverse possession of the Property. The
respondent proceeded to brief another advocate and solicitor, Mr Lee Chin Seon
(“Lee”), on Mdm Chiang’s case. It appears that the respondent and Lee had a
working relationship. The respondent explained that he did so because the
matter was becoming litigious, and he did not handle such litigious
matters[note: 8]. Lee proceeded to take instructions directly from Mdm Chiang.

Power of Attorney

34 In a letter to Mdm Chiang dated 20 June 2001[note: 9], Lee noted her “firm
instructions” to execute a Power of Attorney in favour of the respondent, even
though she had children of her own. The letter further noted her instructions
to “dispense with efforts to trace [the] present whereabouts” of her children,
their whereabouts being unknown to her. On 5 July 2001, Lee drew up, and Mdm
Chiang signed, a Power of Attorney giving the respondent a substantial degree
of authority to manage her affairs[note: 10]. In a letter to Mdm Chiang dated
6 July 2001[note: 11], Lee noted the execution of the Power of Attorney the
previous day. He also purportedly informed her that, “[a]s advised,” the Power
of Attorney “may be revoked at any time, notwithstanding any provision to the
contrary”.

Mdm Chiang’s Will

35 In the same letter of 6 July 2001, Lee noted Mdm Chiang’s “firm
instructions” to “execute a Last Will and Testament” naming the respondent as
sole trustee and beneficiary, “with specific instructions to exclude [her]
children from any distribution from [her] estate”. On 17 July 2001, Lee drew
up, and Mdm Chiang signed, a will making the respondent the sole trustee and
beneficiary of all her assets[note: 12] (“the Will”). In a letter to Mdm
Chiang dated 18 July 2001[note: 13], Lee noted the execution of the Will the
previous day. He also informed her that, “[a]s discussed”, the Will “would
only take effect upon [her] demise”, and that she could revoke it at any time
without seeking the consent of the respondent.

Sale of the Property and Mdm Chiang’s making of the gift

36 Sometime in October 2001, Lee recovered vacant possession of the Property
on behalf of Mdm Chiang without litigation. On 26 October 2001, the respondent
requested for a valuation of the Property from Colliers Jardine Consultation &
Valuation (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Colliers Jardine”)[note: 14]. On 2 November
2001, he received a valuation report valuing the Property at $1,100,000[note:
15]. On 15 November 2001, Mdm Chiang met the respondent at his office.
According to the respondent, he sent for her so that he could explain the
valuation report to her[note: 16]. During this meeting on 15 November 2001,
Mdm Chiang signed a letter (“the Gift Letter”) drafted by the respondent,
purportedly on her instructions[note: 17], stating that she wished only to
keep $500,000 out of the proceeds of the sale of the Property, and that the
respondent could keep any amount in excess of that sum[note: 18]. Yeo
witnessed, or purported to witness, the signing of the letter. The Gift Letter
is a critical document in this case, and hence it will be set out in full at
[58] below.

37 The respondent went on to make arrangements for the sale of the Property.
On 25 November 2001, he engaged yet another advocate and solicitor, Mr Victor
Yip Keng Fook (“Yip”) of M/s Teh Yip Wong & Tan, to handle legal matters
pertaining to the sale of the Property[note: 19]. On 3 December 2001, an
option signed by Mdm Chiang was given for the sale of the Property at
$960,000[note: 20]. The signing of the option was witnessed by Yip. On 6
December 2001, Yip paid over the option fee of $9,600 to the respondent by
cheque[note: 21]. On 19 December 2001, upon the exercise of the option by the
purchaser of the Property, Yip paid over $86,400 to the respondent, also by
cheque[note: 22].

38 Completion of the sale of the Property took place on 27 February 2002, and
three separate cheques for a total of $862,224.63 were issued in the
respondent’s favour[note: 23]. On the same day, Yip received a letter signed
by Mdm Chiang instructing that all correspondence meant for her be directed to
the respondent instead, the stated reason being that she was leaving the Bukit
Batok Home for the Aged[note: 24]. It is unclear who prepared this letter. On
6 March 2002, the respondent issued a cheque for $500,000 in Mdm Chiang’s
favour[note: 25].

Investigation and complaint

39 The unusual nature of this gift only fortuitously came to light in 2009,
when the Auditor-General’s Office audited the books of the Bukit Batok Home
for the Aged and found that Mdm Chiang had only received $500,000 despite the
Property having been sold at $960,000. This led to an investigation by the
Commercial Affairs Division. The police forwarded a summary of their
investigations to the Attorney-General’s Chambers, which then made a complaint
to the Law Society against the respondent. This led to the present
disciplinary proceedings.

Findings of the Disciplinary Tribunal

40 Before the Disciplinary Tribunal (“the DT”), the respondent pleaded guilty
to a breach of r 46 of the Rules. The only matter that remained to be resolved
was that of mitigation. As counsel for the Law Society and counsel for the
respondent could not agree on the facts stated in the respondent’s written
mitigation, it was agreed that the DT would hear evidence and make findings of
fact, in what counsel for the respondent described as a “Newton style
hearing”[note: 26]. In the proceedings before the DT, the Law Society called
one witness, Mdm Chiang, while counsel for the respondent called four
witnesses, namely (and in order), the respondent himself, Yeo, Yip and Lee.

41 There were two agreed issues of fact in dispute before the DT, as
follows[note: 27]:

(a) Did Mdm Chiang know of the valuation of the Property at $1,100,000?

(b) Did she know that the Property was sold for $960,000?

In the report of the DT (“the DT Report”), the DT returned a negative answer
to both questions[note: 28]. The DT then concluded that, although the
respondent’s involvement might have started off as an act of charity towards
Mdm Chiang, this eventually became a case in which the respondent
“manipulated” an “apparently indigent old lady, a former Woodbridge Hospital
patient”. The DT further expressed the view that the respondent’s engaging Yip
to handle the sale of the Property was “obviously done as a smoke screen to
cover up the [respondent’s] role in the sale”. As a result, the DT determined
that cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action existed under s 83 of
the Act[note: 29].

Parties’ contentions

42 Before us, the Law Society simply adopted the findings in the DT
Report[note: 30].

43 The respondent, on the other hand, disputed the DT’s findings on the two
agreed issues of fact. He disputed the DT’s conclusion that he had manipulated
Mdm Chiang, maintaining instead that this case involved no more than an
“accidental lapse”, or “oversight”, or “omission”[note: 31]. On this basis,
the respondent’s position was that no action should be taken under s 83 of the
Act, but that, if it was held that “due cause” under s 83 had been shown, then
a “nominal penalty” would suffice[note: 32].

44 The respondent’s arguments may be summarised as follows:

(a) Mdm Chiang’s evidence before the DT cannot be relied upon because of the
incompleteness and inaccuracy of her memory. This is shown by her inability to
recall a number of events and circumstances which are substantiated by other
evidence. Among other things, Mdm Chiang could not recall having made the Will
before Lee, she could not recall having met Yip at all, and she had difficulty
recognising the respondent when he was pointed out to her while she gave her
evidence[note: 33].

(b) The DT ignored Mdm Chiang’s concession during cross-examination that she
had seen a copy of the valuation report[note: 34].

(c) The DT ignored Yip’s evidence that he had informed Mdm Chiang that the
Property was being sold for $960,000[note: 35].

Issues for determination

45 We had to determine two issues. First, was the respondent’s breach of r 46
of the Rules tainted with dishonesty, as the DT Report concluded? Second, what
would be the appropriate sanction under s 83 of the Act, if any, to impose on
the respondent?

Whether the respondent was dishonest

The standard of proof

46 In Singapore, recent decisions of this Court have affirmed the position
that the criminal standard of proof applies in disciplinary proceedings
against advocates and solicitors: see _Law Society of Singapore v Chiong Chin
May Selena_ [2013] SGHC 5 at [28]; _Law Society of Singapore v Ahmad Khalis
bin Abdul Ghani_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 308 at [6]. This is also the position adopted
in England: see the Privy Council case (on appeal from Trinidad and Tobago) of
_Campbell v Hamlet_ [2005] 3 All ER 1116 at [16]–[21]. Where, as in this case,
it is not disputed that there has been a breach of the Rules, and the issue is
simply whether the breach was tainted with dishonesty, the criminal standard
of proof would mean that, if the respondent is to be punished on the basis
that he was dishonest, his dishonesty must be proved beyond reasonable doubt.

47 However, there are jurisdictions which instead apply the civil standard of
proof in disciplinary proceedings against legal professionals. In Australia,
see for example the New South Wales Supreme Court case of _Jackson (previously
known as Subramaniam) v Legal Practitioners Admission Board_ 2006 NSWSC 1338
at [35] and the Victoria Supreme Court case of _Re The Legal Profession Act
2004 and Re OG, a Lawyer_ 2007 VSC 520 at [99]. In Hong Kong, this was the
unanimous holding of the Court of Final Appeal in _A Solicitor v The Law
Society of Hong Kong_ [2008] HKCU 393 at [116]. The civil standard of proof
can be expressed as “preponderance of probability” or “balance of
probability”, the terms having been used interchangeably by Lord Nicholls of
Birkenhead in _In re H and others (minors) (sexual abuse: standard of proof)_
[1996] AC 563. It is capable of a high degree of nuance in the sense that,
notwithstanding that a single standard of proof is applied, the strength of
evidence needed to prove a particular allegation may nevertheless vary
according to the seriousness or gravity of that allegation. In the words of
Lord Nicholls at 586:

... When assessing the probabilities the court will have in mind as a factor,
to whatever extent is appropriate in the particular case, that the more
serious the allegation the less likely it is that the event occurred and,
hence, the stronger should be the evidence before the court concludes that the
allegation is established on the balance of probability. Fraud is usually less
likely than negligence. Deliberate physical injury is usually less likely than
accidental physical injury. A stepfather is usually less likely to have
repeatedly raped and had non-consensual oral sex with his under age
stepdaughter than on some occasion to have lost his temper and slapped her.
Built into the preponderance of probability standard is a generous degree of
flexibility in respect of the seriousness of the allegation.

Although the result is much the same, this does not mean that where a serious
allegation is in issue the standard of proof required is higher. It means only
that the inherent probability or improbability of an event is itself a matter
to be taken into account when weighing the probabilities and deciding whether,
on balance, the event occurred. The more improbable the event, the stronger
must be the evidence that it did occur before, on the balance of probability,
its occurrence will be established.

48 Might it then be argued that this nuanced civil standard of proof, rather
than the criminal standard, should apply in disciplinary proceedings in
Singapore? Of course, no such argument was made before us, and a disposal of
the present case does not require a decision on this point because, even on
the higher standard of proof beyond a reasonable doubt, we found that the
respondent had been dishonest. Given these considerations, it would not be
appropriate to decide on this point here without the benefit of proper
argument; as such, we flag this important issue for closer consideration in a
future appropriate matter. That said, we would venture some observations, the
conclusion of which is that the criminal standard of proof should continue to
apply.

49 The first observation is that, where the allegations against an advocate
and solicitor are of a very serious nature, there is likely to be little
practical difference between the civil and criminal standards of proof: see
the remark of Lord Bingham of Cornhill CJ in _B v Chief Constable of Avon and
Somerset Constabulary_ [2001] 1 WLR 340 at [31]. The more serious the
allegation, the less likely it is that the allegation is true, and the
stronger the evidence required to prove it; where the allegation is very
serious, therefore, the evidence required to prove it on a balance of
probability might be so strong as to pass muster even on the criminal standard
of proof beyond a reasonable doubt. The question of the standard of proof is
likely to be most hotly-contested in cases where the allegations are of
greater seriousness, but it is in precisely those cases that the question is
most academic.

50 The second observation is that the criminal standard of proof also allows a
degree of flexibility in its operation, and is in that regard not much
inferior, if at all, to the civil standard. That is to say, the strength of
evidence required to remove all reasonable doubt may also vary according to
the gravity or seriousness of the allegations to be proved. Compare, for
example, an allegation of insurance fraud with an allegation of murder
motivated by a desire to receive insurance monies paid out as a result of the
victim’s death. Proof that the accused purchased an insurance policy the day
before some inexplicable property damage might suffice to prove, beyond a
reasonable doubt, the former allegation. However, proof that the accused
purchased a policy insuring the victim’s life the day before the victim’s
inexplicable death might not similarly prove, beyond a reasonable doubt, the
latter allegation.

51 The third and final observation is that disciplinary proceedings are more
akin to criminal than civil proceedings in one important respect, which is
that, like criminal proceedings, the whole purpose or object of disciplinary
proceedings is to make judgments about a person’s conduct and/or character.
Similar judgments may occur in civil proceedings – for instance, a defendant
might be found to have been “fraudulent” or “dishonest” – but the difference
is that it is not the purpose or object of civil proceedings to make such
judgments. Rather, the purpose of civil proceedings is, broadly speaking, to
compel or prohibit persons from doing certain thing(s) _vis-a-vis_ another
person, _eg_ , to pay an amount of money. Any judgments as to a person’s
conduct or character in civil proceedings are purely corollary or incidental
to that main purpose – a person is labelled “dishonest” not for its own sake,
but so that the person may be ordered to compensate another person. By
contrast, in criminal and disciplinary proceedings, a person is labelled
“dishonest” for its own sake, _ie_ , so that the community will be put on
notice that this is a dishonest person (or a person whose specific conduct,
whether positive act or omission, was dishonest). Hence, the criminal standard
of proof is perhaps more appropriate than the civil standard in disciplinary
proceedings because it sends the moral message that, if a person’s conduct or
character is to be judged for professional fitness, it may only be judged if
the highest standard of proof has been reached.

52 Accordingly, we needed to be satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt that the
respondent had been dishonest in order to sanction him on that basis.

The DT Report

53 As mentioned at [42] above, the Law Society simply adopted the findings of
the DT Report, and did not offer any additional arguments to support its
position that the respondent had been dishonest. This was unfortunate, because
in our view, the DT Report did not provide sufficient grounds for finding
beyond a reasonable doubt that the respondent had been dishonest.

54 To begin with, the DT Report contains two misinterpretations in its
evaluation of the evidence. The first can be found at [34] of the DT Report,
where the DT quoted an excerpt from Yeo’s evidence as follows:

Q:Did you know at the time when this document was signed on 15th November that
a valuation [by Colliers Jardine] had been obtained?

A:No, no idea.

Q:No, no, okay. Did you know whether she was informed that the valuation had
been obtained and how much that valuation show?

A:I don’t know whether the lawyer tells her or not?

...

Q:On what occasion would the valuation be mentioned?

A:It was just in the course of---of talking, I mean, sometime they will just
say, ‘Eh, this---this building going to cost so much, so much.’ I mean---

Q:So it did not refer to a valuation obtained but just that the house---

A:Ah, house is worth---

Q:\---would be worth a million dollars?

A:\---about a---a million or so.

Q:Was it in reference to a valuation or just ‘Oh, I think the property is
worth over a million dollars’?

A:It is just as what you said; the property will be worth about how much like
that.

The DT said at [34] that this excerpt from Yeo’s evidence “suggests that Mdm
Chiang was not aware of the valuation”. However, with respect, we could not
see how this excerpt suggests that. All that this excerpt says is that Yeo did
not, and could not, know whether or not the respondent had apprised Mdm Chiang
of the valuation, and that Yeo himself was not aware that a valuation report
had been obtained. It does not necessarily follow from this that Mdm Chiang
was similarly unaware of the valuation.

55 The second instance can be found at [37]–[38] of the DT Report. The DT
quoted at [37] the following excerpt of Mdm Chiang’s cross-examination by
counsel for the respondent:

Q:Now you---I put it to you that you saw this in Mr James Wan’s office when Mr
James---when this report was prepared, Mr James Wan asked you to go down to
his office and you went down with madam---with Mr Yeo. And it was at that
meeting that Mr Wan showed you the valuation report. Do you remember this?

A:I can’t recall.

Q:... And Mr James Wan had told you that the valuation---according to the
valuation report, it was the property---the value of the property was about
$1.1 million.

A:I can’t recall.

Q:Now at that time you were so happy to get the property back and you were
going to get some money. You told Mr Wan that you only needed $500,000. Mr Wan
can sell the property and anything over $500,000 he can keep so long as Mr Wan
pays himself, pays the lawyer’s bills, pays the---the---the agent---the
agent’s bills, pays the valuer’s bills. ...

...

A:I did not say so much things.

The DT went on to say at [38] that the respondent’s case as suggested by
counsel in the above excerpt was inconsistent with the respondent’s own
evidence under cross-examination by counsel for the Law Society in the
following excerpt:

Q:... I put it to you that you did not inform Mdm Chiang that the sale price
of the property was $960,000. ...

A:That’s not true.

Q:And why is that not true?

A:I spoke---I relay the message through Mr Richard Yeo [referring to Mr Yeo]
whom I always com---communicate.

...

Q:... do you know whether Mr Yeo did or did not convey what you told him to
do?

A:I believe Mr Yeo would have conveyed to him [sic].

With respect, we could not see where the inconsistency lies. In the former
excerpt, the respondent’s case as suggested by counsel was that he had
personally informed Mdm Chiang of the Property’s valuation at $1,100,000. In
the latter excerpt, the respondent’s evidence was that he had conveyed the
Property’s selling price of $960,000 to Mdm Chiang through an intermediary,
that is, Yeo. One excerpt pertains to the manner in which Mdm Chiang was
informed of the _valuation_ , while the other excerpt pertains to the manner
in which she was informed of the _selling price_. Therefore, we did not think
that there was any material inconsistency between the two excerpts.

56 The evaluation of evidence spans just seven paragraphs at [34]–[40], and
the bulk of the text consists of quotations from the transcript of proceedings
before the DT, which means that the DT’s own reasoning was fairly sparse.
Given all this, it would be unsafe to find that the respondent was dishonest
on the basis of the DT Report alone, as the Law Society, in effect, urged us
to do. Plainly, the DT must have thought that this was an obvious case of
dishonesty, and that the facts would speak for themselves. In the final
analysis, we agreed with the DT’s conclusion, although this agreement followed
our own detailed evaluation of the evidence. We now turn to this evaluation.

Evaluation of the evidence

The valuation report and the 15 November 2001 meeting

57 As narrated above at [36] above, the respondent requested for a valuation
report from Colliers Jardine on 26 October 2001. A week later, he received
that report valuing the Property at $1,100,000. On 15 November 2001, about two
weeks after receiving the report, he met Mdm Chiang at his office. On his own
evidence, he was the one who called for the meeting in order to explain the
valuation report to her. However, Mdm Chiang said in her evidence that she
could not recall having been informed of the valuation of the Property[note:
36]. We reproduce an excerpt to that effect from her cross-examination by
counsel for the respondent[note: 37]:

President: |  Can you recall if the valuation of the property at 1.1 million was ever shown to you?  
---|---  
Wong: |  I think she had already said, “Yes.”  
President: |  Never mind. We want to---  
Wong: |  We confirm again. Very good, your Honour.  
A: |  Your Honour, I have not heard of such a matter.  
President: |  Forgot?  
Witness: |  I have not heard of---heard of this.  
President: |  The amount of 1.1 million?  
Witness: |  No, your Honour.  
  
  

Yet as the respondent pointed out[note: 38], there is a portion of Mdm
Chiang’s cross-examination which seems to suggest that she did see the
valuation report[note: 39]:

Q:Right. And on---the valuation report was prepared and this can be found at
page 37 to 48 of the---red bundle. So at page 37, it’s the picture you see at
photograph of your former house at 18 Maria Avenue.

A:Yes.

Q:Do you remember seeing this document?

A:Yes. I---I saw it before. However, I can’t---I couldn’t recall.

In all likelihood, however, what Mdm Chiang remembered having seen was not the
valuation report but the photograph on the cover page of the valuation
report[note: 40]. This is evident from a subsequent part of her cross-
examination[note: 41]:

Q: |  Mdm Chiang, can I refer you back to page 37 to 48? Do you ever remember seeing this document? This is a valuation report.  
---|---  
A: |  I did recall seeing this photograph on page 37.  
Advocate: |  Can you show her the---the---the report itself? Thanks.  
A: |  I couldn’t recall even if I have seen this document.  
Q |  Right.  
Advocate: |  In---  
A |  I can’t recall.  
Advocate: |  Even if she didn’t see the whole document, was it highlighted to her at page 43 that the valuation of the property was 1.1 million?  
Interpreter: |  Yes, your Honour.  
Witness: |  I have no such impression, your Honour.  
  
  

58 Yeo’s evidence is that, while he brought Mdm Chiang to the respondent’s
office for their meeting on 15 November 2001, he remained outside the
respondent’s office during the meeting, and was thus not privy to what
transpired between the respondent and Mdm Chiang. Hence it might appear that
the question of whether the respondent informed Mdm Chiang of the valuation of
the Property comes down to the respondent’s word against Mdm Chiang’s.
However, this is not the case. The meeting of 15 November 2001 produced a
document, namely, the Gift Letter. The respondent’s evidence is that he
drafted this letter, and Mdm Chiang agreed to its contents[note: 42]; on his
evidence, therefore, the Gift Letter accurately represents the understanding
between him and Mdm Chiang. Given the importance, and brevity, of the letter,
we set out its contents in full[note: 43]:

Mr James Wan

James Wan & Co

60 Albert Street #09-10

Albert Complex

Singapore 189969

Dear Sirs

Re: No. 18 Maria Avenue Singapore

I wish to thank you for helping me to recover [the Property].

In view of the fact that the house is in a dilapidated condition and that a
large portion of the land at the back is on a slope of about 60 feet higher
than the front and also due to the slump in the property market in Singapore
I’m agreeable and confirm to accept as full payment to me a sum of Dollars
Five hundred thousand only ($500,000.00) if you can manage to sell it.

Since you have not charged me for your legal fees. I hereby agree and confirm
that you may keep any amount above $500,000.00 as a reward for helping me in
recovering No. 18 Maria Avenue which I had little hope of getting it back
since it has been occupied by some strangers for more than 20 odd years.

You are also responsible to clean the house and pay the arrears of property
tax or other relevant fees including housing agents’ fees in selling the
property and [Lee’s] legal fees.

59 In the second paragraph, the opening words “[i]n view of” indicate a causal
connection between, on one hand, the Property’s disadvantageous
characteristics and the property market slump, and, on the other, Mdm Chiang’s
willingness to accept just $500,000 from the sale proceeds as full payment.
Making explicit this unsaid causal connection, the full line of reasoning
proceeds thus:

(a) ‘In view of the Property’s disadvantageous characteristics and the
property market slump, I am not hopeful of getting a good price for the
Property, perhaps not very much more than $500,000, and therefore I am willing
to accept just $500,000 from the sale proceeds’.

We concluded from this that the Gift Letter unequivocally records Mdm Chiang’s
belief that the sale of the Property would fetch a sum barely in the excess of
$500,000. As such, the Gift Letter strongly suggests that the respondent did
not, in fact, inform Mdm Chiang that the Property had been valued at
$1,100,000.

60 However, the respondent’s case is that he did show Mdm Chiang the valuation
report, except that he informed her thereafter “that the Property was unlikely
to fetch S$1.1 million because it was in a dilapidated condition”[note: 44].
This was the position taken in a letter dated 16 June 2011 from counsel for
the respondent to the Inquiry Committee constituted under s 85(10) of the Act
to investigate the complaint against the respondent. The respondent further
claimed in evidence that, although he had the valuation report in hand, he
nonetheless believed that the sale of the Property would fetch less than
$1,100,000[note: 45]. The respondent’s defence, in other words, is that he
told Mdm Chiang to expect the selling price of the Property to fall
significantly short of the valuation, and that he himself honestly believed
this to be the case.

61 However, we did not believe that the respondent honestly expected that the
Property’s selling price would fall significantly short of the valuation. His
own evidence, concerning the events leading up to the sale of the Property,
establishes that he did not hold such an expectation. An excerpt from his
testimony on being cross-examined by counsel for the Law Society speaks for
itself[note: 46]:

Witness: |  Yes, I appointed two housing agent whom I think was reliable. ... The first time, there was only one offer, about 650,000. I advertised again. Also, no good response at all. Then I offered---advertised again the third time. Then this agent came back---came to me, say, “I’m so and so, I saw your advert, I want to---I’ve got someone who is interested”, you know. I say, “Okay, how much is your client prepared to buy?” He gave me about 800 over thousand dollars. _I told him, “The valuation is 1.1. You have to---you know, I can’t sell you at that price.”_ So I think a couple of days back or a couple of days later, he called me back, you know. _He offered 900. I said, “Cannot. I won’t be able---I won’t sell.”_ So this thing went on a few more days. Then he came back, offered 960, you know. Then over this period of time I was thinking I have appointed two agent. None of them came back with any offer at all. I advertised three times. This is the highest, you know. So I decided to sell.  
---|---  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

62 On the respondent’s own case, he represented to Mdm Chiang that the
Property was unlikely to fetch $1,100,000. On the basis of the Gift Letter, he
must have represented to her that it would not fetch much more than $500,000.
Since his own belief was that he could get a selling price which was at least
close to $1,100,000, he must have made those representations without an honest
belief in the truth of their contents. This means that he must have positively
misled Mdm Chiang as to the expected selling price of the Property, so that
she would be willing to keep just $500,000 and make a gift of the remainder of
the sale proceeds to him.

63 In light of the foregoing analysis, simply by considering what happened
during the 15 November 2001 meeting between the respondent and Mdm Chiang as
evidenced by the Gift Letter, we had no doubt that the respondent was plainly
dishonest. The respondent believed, on the basis of the valuation report which
he had requested, that the sale of the Property would fetch a sum in the
region of $1,100,000. Yet, it is clear from the Gift Letter that Mdm Chiang
believed that the sale of the Property would fetch little more than $500,000.
On that basis, she was willing to make a gift to the respondent of all the
sale proceeds in excess of that amount. We saw just two possible explanations
for this state of affairs: either he kept the valuation report from her, or he
showed her the report but represented to her, contrary to his own belief, that
the valuation was not an accurate reflection of the expected selling price.
Either way, the only inference we could draw was that, at the meeting of 15
November 2001, the respondent misled Mdm Chiang into believing that the
Property’s selling price would barely exceed $500,000, so as to induce her
into making a gift to him of all the sale proceeds above $500,000. This
sufficed to satisfy us, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the respondent was
dishonest.

Lack of attendance notes from the 15 November 2001 meeting

64 At this juncture, we wish to highlight the respondent’s failure to take any
attendance notes at the 15 November 2001 meeting with Mdm Chiang or, indeed,
at anytime. We do so in order to emphasise, as we have done so before, that it
is an exercise in precaution and prudence to maintain contemporaneous
attendance notes, even in routine matters: _Lie Hendri Rusli v Wong Tan &
Molly Lim (a firm)_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 594 at [71]. While it is uncontroversial
that a failure to maintain attendance notes is not a breach of an advocate and
solicitor’s professional duties _per se_ , it is well-established that the
lack of attendance notes may lead to adverse inferences being drawn against
the advocate and solicitor who fails to keep these attendance notes: see the
decision of this court in _Law Society of Singapore v Tan Phuay Khiang_ [2007]
3 SLR(R) 477 at [82], [85]. Such adverse inferences may be drawn against an
advocate and solicitor not only in disciplinary proceedings, but also in civil
proceedings where he is a witness, including civil proceedings to which he is
not a party: see the Court of Appeal decision _Low Ah Cheow and others v Ng
Hock Guan_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1079 at [38]–[40].

65 In the present case, we did not hesitate to draw an adverse inference
against the respondent from his failure to keep attendance notes of the 15
November 2001 meeting. This inference was that, contrary to what he claimed,
he had not in fact apprised Mdm Chiang of the valuation of the Property at
that meeting.

66 Looking at the evidence in totality, our view as to the respondent’s
dishonesty was further reinforced. As we put to counsel for the respondent
when he appeared before us, there were only two possible characterisations of
the respondent’s conduct: either it was utterly incompetent, or it was
manipulative and therefore dishonest. It could not have been incompetence,
because this would be incompetence of an extraordinary scale that we could not
reasonably attribute to a senior member of the legal profession. We would have
difficulty believing that the greenest of advocates and solicitors could be
capable of such incompetence, let alone an advocate and solicitor of over 30
years’ standing, as the respondent was at the material time.

67 We turn now to consider the rest of the evidence from which we drew our
inferences of the respondent’s deplorable conduct.

Mdm Chiang’s mental health

68 Mdm Chiang’s history of mental health problems is undoubted. On the
respondent’s own evidence, he was aware of this from around the time that he
met her, which would have been around April 2001[note: 47]. His knowledge of
her mental health history prompted him to request for a psychiatric report
from IMH. Subsequently, however, when Mdm Chiang made him the gift of the
Property’s sale proceeds less $500,000, he took no such precautionary steps.
He knew that, the Property having been valued at $1,100,000, she might be
giving away as much as $600,000. Further, he was aware that the IMH report,
which certified her fitness to execute a statutory declaration, was confined
merely to Mdm Chiang’s fitness _to execute a statutory declaration_ to receive
a title document pertaining to property belonging to her. He must have known
that her fitness _to give away potentially $600,000_ was an entirely different
matter. From the report, he would further have been aware that she continued
to receive “maintenance anti-psychotic medication, thioridazine 50 mg ON”,
meaning that, although the IMH report stated that she was “in remission of her
mental illness”, she had by no means fully recovered, and there remained the
risk of her mental difficulties overwhelming her once more. Despite all this,
he made no attempt to confirm Mdm Chiang’s mental fitness to make such a
significant gift and refer her to an independent third party for advice. He
simply accepted the purported gift.

69 The respondent argued that Mdm Chiang appeared to him, and to everyone
else, to be mentally healthy[note: 48]. He further argued that Mdm Chiang had
been very insistent that he accept the gift[note: 49]. However,
notwithstanding this assertion, it was clear to us that any reasonable
advocate and solicitor in the respondent’s position would have been far more
circumspect. After all, the respondent stood to receive as much as $600,000,
which would have been even more than the $500,000 she was getting. It is
inconceivable that an advocate and solicitor with as many years’ experience as
the respondent could have overlooked the need to take any precautions at all
in relation to ascertaining Mdm Chiang’s mental health and her capacity to
make a gift as distinct from receiving a benefit. Even if the gift was a free
exercise of Mdm Chiang’s will, it is implausible that his failure to send her
for psychiatric re-evaluation, and to refer her to an independent third party
for advice, could have been a mere “accidental lapse” or “oversight” or
“omission”. We found his claim that the need for these precautions simply
“slipped [his] mind” – that it was but an “error of [his] judgment”[note: 50]
– to be teetering on the edge of absurdity. Having immense difficulty in
believing that the respondent was guilty only of incompetence – however grave
that incompetence might be – we were constrained to find that something rather
more sinister was afoot.

The Power of Attorney

70 The Power of Attorney executed by Mdm Chiang granted the respondent very
extensive powers to manage Mdm Chiang’s affairs. We set out just a few of
these powers to provide an idea of how extensive they were:

1.To negotiate and purchase property or properties in the Republic of
Singapore (hereinafter called “the premises”) in my sole name or jointly ...
and in connection therewith to sign any option to purchase ... and to sign
contracts relating to the purchase of the premises ...

2.To raise and borrow from any financial institution or Bank sums of money
which the Attorney may think fit to borrow for the purpose connected with the
purchase of the premises and on such terms and on the security of the premises
as the Attorney shall think fit ...

3.To mortgage charge pledge or otherwise deal with the premises or any part
thereof as he may think fit ...

4A.To apply to the Central Provident Fund Board ... for release of my CPF
monies standing to my credit in the fund for all or any of the following
purposes:

(i)for payment, either full or partial, to the vendors towards the purchase of
the premises;

(ii)for repayment or periodic payments ... towards the repayment of any loan
taken by the Attorney to finance or re-finance the purchase of the premises;

(iii)for payment of legal fees, costs or other expenses incurred for the
purchase of the premises ...

Mdm Chiang requested the respondent’s assistance in recovering and selling the
Property. It may have made sense for her to grant him powers to facilitate his
performance of that request, but the powers in this Power of Attorney clearly
went beyond that. Indeed, many of the powers therein, such as those listed in
this excerpt, were not powers in relation to the Property at all. Rather, they
were powers to purchase other properties – including even the power to apply
Mdm Chiang’s CPF monies, which would otherwise be used to support her in her
old age, towards the purchase of those properties – and subsequently to deal
with these purchased properties. We found it disturbing that so wide a Power
of Attorney was drawn up by Lee in response to what was a fairly limited
request by Mdm Chiang.

71 Granted, the respondent might not have been involved in the execution of
the Power of Attorney, because it appears that Lee drew up the document for
Mdm Chiang. We were willing to give him the benefit of the doubt that the
Power of Attorney was executed without his prompting, as he says it was[note:
51]. Yet the respondent did not deny that the document was subsequently
brought to his attention[note: 52]. The evidence does not indicate exactly
when it was brought to his attention, but it could not have been very long
after the Power of Attorney was executed. Upon learning that unnecessarily
extensive powers had been bestowed upon him, any reasonable advocate and
solicitor would have asked questions at once. He would at least have
ascertained from Mdm Chiang that she did indeed intend to confer all those
powers upon him. Further, he should have advised her that there was no need
for such a comprehensive suite of powers for the comparatively simple task of
recovering and selling the Property, and that it was possible, if she so
desired, to draw up a more restricted Power of Attorney. At the minimum, he
ought to have sought confirmation from Lee that Mdm Chiang understood what she
was doing. He might have asked for a psychiatric re-evaluation of Mdm Chiang.

72 Regrettably, the respondent did nothing. Under cross-examination, he agreed
that it was an extensive Power of Attorney, but said that, to him, the Power
of Attorney was “an ordinary thing”[note: 53], and that “a normal full Power
of Attorney includes all these points”[note: 54]. He said that the content of
the document was a matter “between her and the person who prepare the Power of
Attorney”[note: 55]. Again, we found it difficult to believe that an advocate
and solicitor of the respondent’s experience could have been so remiss as to
have done nothing. Once more, we were led towards the conclusion that this
indicated something more troubling than mere incompetence.

Mdm Chiang’s Will

73 We set out here the material portions of the Will:

3.Subject to payment of all my debts and funeral and testamentary expenses, I
hereby give to the [respondent] all other assets to be acquired between the
making of this Will and my death, including any assets ... over which I may
have a general power of appointment or disposition by Will and which may fall
into my estate to be administered ... For the purpose of clarification, I
hereby declare that the residual of my estate shall include ... all my rights
title and interest in [the Property].

4.For the avoidance of any doubt, I hereby confirm that I have taken into
consideration the fact that the following persons are my children, and the
same notwithstanding, I hereby declare and direct that the following persons
... shall not be entitled to any share or distribution to any of the assets
howsoever falling into my estate:

a) Tan Zi Wei, son

b) Tan Su Lian, daughter

c) Tan Siu Chin, daughter

d) Tan Wei Chang, son

74 The respondent claimed that he was not aware of the existence and the
contents of the Will until it was brought to his attention many years later
during police investigations in 2009[note: 56]. However, we found it very
difficult to credit the respondent with truthfulness in this instance.
According to Lee, his bill for all his work done for Mdm Chiang was paid by
the respondent[note: 57]. Lee also said that he put up a “detailed bill”[note:
58]. We had no doubt that this “detailed bill” (which was never produced)
would have included Lee’s work in drawing up the Will. At the very latest,
therefore, the respondent would have known of the existence of the Will when
he paid Lee’s bill, which would have been shortly after receiving the proceeds
from the sale of the Property. In fact, we had little doubt that the
respondent knew about the Will even earlier than that. From the outset, Lee
must have expected payment for his services, and he must have looked to the
respondent for such payment, given Mdm Chiang’s apparent impecunious state.
Consequently, he must have informed the respondent of the services that he
rendered to Mdm Chiang. We had little doubt that when Lee apprised the
respondent of the existence of the Will, he would also have apprised him of
its contents, since it named the respondent as sole trustee and beneficiary.

75 Yet even assuming that the respondent only learnt about the Will after
receiving the proceeds from the Property’s sale at the end of February 2002,
it is striking that he did absolutely nothing about it thereafter. The Will
did not merely grant the respondent some share in Mdm Chiang’s assets. On the
contrary, not only did it name him as sole beneficiary of all her assets, but
it also specifically excluded all her children from any share in those assets.
Even though Mdm Chiang might have been very grateful to the respondent for
agreeing to help her to recover the Property, any reasonable advocate and
solicitor in his position would have thought the response to be somewhat
disproportionate to the gratitude. A reasonable advocate and solicitor would,
as a result, at least have sought confirmation from Mdm Chiang that her
intentions remained as embodied in the Will. He would at least have checked
with Lee that Mdm Chiang knew what she was doing. He would then have arranged
a psychiatric re-evaluation of her mental fitness to give away, upon her
demise, all that she had in the world. An advocate and solicitor would have to
be grossly incompetent not to take these basic precautionary measures. Again,
we had much difficulty believing that the respondent, with his ample
experience, could have been capable of such glaring inadvertence and are led
towards the conclusion that, instead, foul play was involved.

The Property’s selling price

76 While the DT addressed the question of whether Mdm Chiang knew that the
Property was being sold for $960,000, in our view, the more pertinent question
was what steps the respondent took to inform her of the Property’s selling
price. On his evidence, he did not at any point attempt to inform Mdm Chiang
personally, but instead informed Yeo, intending that Yeo should then convey
the message to Mdm Chiang[note: 59]. He said further that, having engaged Yip
to handle the conveyance of the Property, he assumed that Yip would also have
informed her of the Property’s selling price[note: 60].

77 Any reasonable advocate and solicitor, however, would have tried to inform
Mdm Chiang personally that the Property was going to be sold for $960,000. He
would have understood that this was a critical piece of information which Mdm
Chiang should be apprised of. And it does not seem to have been too difficult
to arrange a personal meeting with Mdm Chiang – after all, the respondent
managed to arrange such a meeting on 15 November 2001. We could not fathom why
the respondent did not likewise meet Mdm Chiang personally to convey to her
the Property’s selling price, but instead went through an intermediary. Once
more, we found it very difficult to believe that this was mere incompetency as
opposed to a lack of honesty.

The respondent’s instruction of Lee and Yip

78 It seemed odd to us that there were a total of three advocates and
solicitors working on a matter as simple as Mdm Chiang’s as the work could
have easily been handled by a single advocate and solicitor. The respondent
explained that he instructed Lee because, the occupiers of the Property having
claimed adverse possession, the matter was straying into unfamiliar litigious
territory which he did not feel able to deal with. His explanation for
instructing Yip in the conveyance of the Property was that he wanted to give
Yip some business, since Yip had just started his own practice[note: 61].

79 We did not find his explanations convincing. In relation to instructing
Lee, the curious aspect of his explanation is that, by 2001, the doctrine of
adverse possession had already been abolished for around seven years. It could
not have afforded the Property’s occupiers any defence to Mdm Chiang’s claim
for vacant possession, which means that the dispute would not have gone to
litigation. The respondent’s explanation as to why he instructed Yip is even
more suspect, because Yip in his evidence flatly rejected that explanation as
untrue[note: 62]:

Q: |  Okay, I only mentioned that because we were told that this particular conveyance was, so to speak, passed on to you because you were just starting.  
---|---  
A: |  Not true.  
... |   
President: |  Then, the impression is that---  
Hassan: |  Yes.  
President: |  \---they wanted to help you---  
Hassan: |  That’s right, yes.  
President: |  \---professionally.  
Witness: |  Not true.  
President: |  They give you business.  
Witness: |  Not true. I would not need this kind of a help, you know what I mean? I had my own practice, it was thriving.  
  
  

We were therefore unable to see any reason why the respondent instructed Yip
instead of handling the conveyance himself apart from the reason offered by
the DT that the respondent wanted to get the transaction some distance away
from himself so as to hide his involvement in it.

Mdm Chiang’s letter to Yip directing correspondence to the respondent

80 On 27 February 2002, the day on which completion of the sale of the
Property took place, a letter was sent to Yip[note: 63], purporting to be from
Mdm Chiang. The letter read as follows:

Please send all correspondences to me to Mr James Wan at the address below:

60 Albert Street #09-10 Albert Complex Singapore 189969

I shall be leaving this present address.

Please do not send any correspondences to my present address forthwith.

We were somewhat bewildered by this letter. First, since completion of the
sale of the Property had taken place, there seemed to be no prospect of
further correspondence being sent to Mdm Chiang. Second, Mdm Chiang did not,
in fact, leave the Bukit Batok Home for the Aged until much later, sometime in
2012. It was Yeo who left the Home in December 2001. Keeping the rest of the
evidence in mind, we strongly suspected that this letter did not originate
from Mdm Chiang, and that the purpose of the letter was to prevent any
material incriminating the respondent from coming into Mdm Chiang’s
possession.

Our finding on whether the respondent was dishonest

81 We did not hesitate to find that the respondent had been dishonest. We
would have found him dishonest solely on the basis of what transpired at the
15 November 2001 meeting between him and Mdm Chiang, as evidenced by the
contents of the Gift Letter. In addition, the totality of the evidence pointed
to his dishonesty. Taken together with a few other suspicious and poorly-
explained circumstances, the overall picture that emerged was unambiguously
that of manipulation of Mdm Chiang by the respondent.

82 Like the DT, we were of the opinion that in the initial stages, the
respondent might have become involved out of a sense of charity towards Mdm
Chiang. However, we had no doubt that this charity subsequently gave way to a
desire to enrich himself financially at her expense by taking advantage of her
mental frailty and lack of sophistication to secure almost half of the
proceeds from the sale of the Property, as well as entitlement to all her
assets upon her demise. We do not make any findings on the extent to which Lee
and Yip were involved in the respondent’s manipulation of Mdm Chiang, if at
all, because those issues were not before us. Be that as it may, we feel
constrained to observe that the conduct of Lee, at least, raised serious
questions calling for an explanation.

Conclusion

83 Having found that the respondent was dishonest in breaching r 46 of the
Rules, we were of the view that he was no longer fit to practise as an
advocate and solicitor. Accordingly, we ordered that he be struck off the
roll. We also awarded costs to the Law Society on a standard basis, to be
taxed if not agreed.

84 We conclude by emphasising that an advocate and solicitor who receives a
significant gift from a client should be aware that the circumstances in which
a gift is made will attract intense and detailed scrutiny if and when the
propriety of the gift comes into issue. Prudent advocates and solicitors
should therefore shun situations where even the appearance of having taken
advantage of a client may later be called into question. It is only through
close adherence to both the letter and spirit of the stipulated ethical
constraints that legitimate concerns relating to the receipt of significant
gifts may be dissolved.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 48.

[note: 2]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 101.

[note: 3]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 38.

[note: 4]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 41.

[note: 5]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 43.

[note: 6]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 50.

[note: 7]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 48.

[note: 8]Record of Proceedings Vol 2 at 50; Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day
4, Page 73 at lines 13-18.

[note: 9]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 47.

[note: 10]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 51-59.

[note: 11]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 60.

[note: 12]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 61-63.

[note: 13]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 64.

[note: 14]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 65.

[note: 15]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 66-76.

[note: 16]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 100 at lines 2-8.

[note: 17]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 79 at lines 13-15.

[note: 18]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 77.

[note: 19]Record of Proceedings Vol 2 at 85.

[note: 20]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 114-117.

[note: 21]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 118.

[note: 22]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 120.

[note: 23]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 122-127.

[note: 24]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 128.

[note: 25]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 78.

[note: 26]Vol 3, Day 1, Page 3 at lines 4-6; Day 2, Page 5 at line 21.

[note: 27]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Tab 1, at para 32.

[note: 28]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Tab 1, at paras 34-40.

[note: 29]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Tab 1, at paras 41-42.

[note: 30]Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 14-17.

[note: 31]Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 27.

[note: 32]Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 58-59.

[note: 33]Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 43-48, 50.

[note: 34]Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 30, 51.

[note: 35]Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 29, 49.

[note: 36]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 36 at lines 18-21; Page 37
at lines 2-5; Page 38 at lines 7-16, 21-29.

[note: 37]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 38 at lines 7-16.

[note: 38]Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 30.

[note: 39]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 36 at lines 22-27.

[note: 40]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 66.

[note: 41]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 38 at lines 17-29.

[note: 42]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 79 at lines 13-15; Page 80
at lines 27-32; Page 81 at lines 1-6.

[note: 43]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 77.

[note: 44]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 83-87, paras 21-22.

[note: 45]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 84 at lines 7-8.

[note: 46]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 88 at lines 10-28.

[note: 47]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 72 at lines 23-26.

[note: 48]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 82 at lines 22-26.

[note: 49]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 85 at lines 10-16.

[note: 50]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 83 at line 29.

[note: 51]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 74 at lines 30-32.

[note: 52]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 76 at lines 12-20.

[note: 53]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 76 at lines 21-22.

[note: 54]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 77 at line 12.

[note: 55]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 77 at line 20.

[note: 56]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 98 at lines 25-29.

[note: 57]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 5, Page 62 at lines 17-18.

[note: 58]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 5, Page 62 at lines 13-14.

[note: 59]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 94 at lines 6-18; Page 95
at lines 3-29.

[note: 60]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 89 at lines 23-26; Page 90
at lines 1-7.

[note: 61]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 4, Page 90 at lines 22-32; Page 91
at lines 15-18.

[note: 62]Record of Proceedings Vol 3, Day 5, Page 48 at lines 21-32; Page 49
at lines 1-4.

[note: 63]Record of Proceedings Vol 1 at 128.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Apr 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

