Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Koon Park and another _v_ Yap Jin Meng Bryan and another  
[2013] SGCA 41

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 107 of 2012 (Suit No 184 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chelva Ratnam Rajah SC (instructed) (Tan Rajah & Cheah)
and Srinivasan V N /Rahayu Mahzam (Heng, Leong & Srinivasan) for the
appellants; Sarjit Singh Gill SC/Lum Baoling Georgina/Ho Ching Ying Victoria
Anne (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  Lim Koon Park — Wee Pek Joon — Yap Jin Meng Bryan — Riverwealth
Pte Ltd — Lim Koon Park — Yap Jin Meng Bryan — Riverwealth Pte Ltd — WEE PEK
JOON  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 159.]

22 July 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of a High Court Judge (“the Judge”),
and concerns the purchase of two properties situated at 428 and 434 River
Valley Road (“the Properties”) (see _Lim Koon Park v Yap Jin Meng Bryan and
others_ [2012] SGHC 159, (“the Judgment”)). The parties had sought to leverage
on their collective expertise to acquire, redevelop, and eventually resell the
Properties for a profit. The dispute centres on an alleged oral profit-sharing
agreement, and an alleged misrepresentation made prior to the acquisition of
the Properties.

Undisputed facts

Parties

2 The first appellant, Lim Koon Park (“Park”), was a professional architect
and provided architectural expertise to the venture. The first respondent, Yap
Jin Meng Bryan (“Bryan”), was a senior banker with the Asset Management
Division of Deutsche Bank Group and agreed to secure financing for the
venture. The second respondent, Riverwealth Pte Ltd (“Riverwealth”), was
incorporated as a joint venture vehicle for the acquisition of the Properties.
The second appellant, Wee Pek Joon (“Madam Wee”), is Park’s wife and held
shares in Riverwealth at Park’s behest. Tan Swee Hu Clarence (“Clarence”) is a
close friend of Bryan; Clarence held shares in Riverwealth as a proxy for
Bryan and also provided management services to Riverwealth. Daun Consulting
Singapore Pte Ltd (“Daun Consulting”) was the corporate vehicle through which
Bryan and Clarence provided management services to Riverwealth. Lim Geok Lin
Andy (“Andy”) provided the real estate and building materials expertise.

Background to the dispute

3 In 2006, Andy introduced Park to Bryan. Bryan subsequently entrusted Park
with identifying potential en-bloc real estate opportunities for a real estate
investment fund associated with Deutsche Bank Group. Park agreed to do so,
hoping that this arrangement would pave the way for his appointment as a
project manager for the en-bloc opportunities.

4 None of the potential projects recommended to Deutsche Bank Group came to
fruition. Andy, Bryan and Park then decided to leverage on their collective
expertise to buy, potentially redevelop, and resell smaller-scale projects.
Andy and Park were to identify suitable properties, while Bryan was to utilise
his connections in the finance industry to obtain the requisite financing.

5 To that end, Land Acquisition Advisory N Development Pte Ltd (“LAAnD”) was
incorporated on 10 May 2007. Clarence held 50% of the shares on behalf of
Bryan, while Andy and Park held 25% each. Bryan did not hold any shares as he
was then still with Deutsche Bank Group.

6 In early 2007, Park informed Andy, Bryan and Clarence that 434 River Valley
Road (“434 RVR”) was up for sale. Park knew about the sale because he was
engaged by CB Richard Ellis, which was in turn acting for the sellers,
ExxonMobil Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (“ExxonMobil”). Park assisted in the
submission of an Outline Application to the Urban Redevelopment Authority
(“URA”) for the redevelopment of 434 RVR into a residential development; in
the Outline Application, the plot ratio of 434 RVR was stated as 1.4.

7 Park believed that it was possible to apply to the URA for an increase in
the plot ratio of 434 RVR to 2.8. Park thus arranged for a meeting with Lee
Yen Pin Timothy (“Timothy”), who was a senior planner at the URA. Andy, Bryan
and Clarence were also in attendance. At the meeting, Timothy confirmed that a
plot ratio of 2.8 would be approved.

8 On 28 September 2007, Riverwealth was incorporated as a vehicle for the
purchase of the Properties. At the point of incorporation, Andy, Clarence and
Madam Wee were the directors of Riverwealth. The shares were held in the
following proportions:

Andy |  50%  
---|---  
Clarence |  25%  
Madam Wee |  25%  
  
  

9 Clarence held his entire 25% share on behalf of Bryan; Andy held half of his
shares (_ie_ , 25% of the total number of shares) on behalf of Bryan. The
beneficial ownership was thus:

Bryan |  50%  
---|---  
Andy |  25%  
Madam Wee (alleged) |  25%  
  
  

10 Bryan was not the legal owner of any shares as he did not want to disclose
his interest in Riverwealth to Deutsche Bank Group. Despite this, the entire
$10,000 initial paid-up capital of Riverwealth was provided by Bryan. Park was
not the legal owner of any shares as he was not a Singapore citizen and s 3
(read with s 2) of the Residential Property Act (Cap 274, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“Residential Property Act”) prohibits the sale of land to companies with non-
citizen directors and members. It was initially alleged by Bryan and
Riverwealth that Madam Wee was in actuality holding her shares in Riverwealth
on trust for Park, hence violating s 3 (read of with s 2) of the Residential
Property Act. However, Bryan and Riverwealth ultimately did not pursue this
point in proceedings below.

11 On 18 December 2007, the option to purchase 434 RVR was exercised for a sum
of $36m. The parties subsequently proceeded to negotiate for the purchase of
an adjoining plot — 428 River Valley Road — as they believed that they could
maximise returns by developing the two plots together. On 22 February 2008,
the option to purchase 428 River Valley Road was exercised for a sum of
$12.5m.

12 The acquisition of the Properties was financed in two ways. First, a loan
of $30m was extended by Hong Leong Finance to Riverwealth; this loan was
jointly and severally guaranteed by Andy, Bryan and Park. Second, Bryan, in
his personal capacity, extended a loan of $22,580,621.99 to Riverwealth and
injected $1m of equity capital.

13 In March 2008, the parties discussed the issue of profit-sharing. The
appellants and respondents diverge materially on this issue, which will be
canvassed further below.

14 In April 2008, Bryan left Deutsche Bank Group, assumed legal ownership of
his 50% beneficial share in Riverwealth, and became a _de jure_ director of
Riverwealth.

15 On 20 November 2008, Riverwealth’s equity shareholding was restructured.
Riverwealth issued new shares to Bryan. Andy and Madam Wee’s respective
shareholdings were diluted to 13% each, while Bryan’s share rose to 74%.

16 Due to the extra cash injection and increased risk exposure, Bryan wanted
Andy and Madam Wee to either pay for, or transfer to him, their remaining
allotments of shares in Riverwealth. Andy opted for the latter, and
transferred his allotment to Bryan on 27 March 2009. Madam Wee did neither,
and requested information on the financial records and account books of
Riverwealth. She was then removed as a director of Riverwealth at an
extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) on 12 August 2009. The remaining
directors of Riverwealth — Bryan and Clarence — passed a directors’ resolution
on 4 September 2009 resolving to sell the Properties to Oxley JV Pte Ltd
(“Oxley JV”). On 19 September 2009, another EGM was held where a shareholders’
resolution was passed to authorise the sale of the Properties to Oxley JV.
Madam Wee, via a proxy, voted against this resolution.

17 Notably, Oxley JV was only incorporated on 22 September 2009. The
Properties were sold to Oxley JV for a sum of $60.08m via a sale and purchase
agreement signed on 8 October 2009. Oxley JV had substantially similar
shareholders and directors with Oxley Wealth Pte Ltd (“Oxley Wealth”);
further, Bryan was a director of Oxley Wealth from 3 September 2009 to 24
September 2009. This forms the basis for the allegation that the Properties
were sold at an undervalue to a related party (see [20], [32] and [80] below).

Summary of pleadings

18 Park pleaded that on or about 24 September 2006, the parties had orally
agreed to share the profits from _any_ proposed joint venture in the following
fixed proportion: 40% to Bryan, 30% to Park and 30% to Andy. This was
subsequently varied in May 2007; the new proportions were: 50% to Bryan, 25%
to Park and 25% to Andy. Park also averred that LAAnD was incorporated to
reflect the varied oral agreement. The oral agreement also obliged Park to use
his expertise to introduce developments with collective sale potential to
financial institutions via Bryan’s contacts.

19 Park further pleaded that it was implied that the parties would not act in
a manner contrary to the interests of Riverwealth. Park alleged that Bryan had
acted in this manner by:

(a) failing to pay Park his 25% share of the profits from the sale of the
Properties;

(b) selling the Properties to Oxley JV at an undervalue;

(c) diverting profits away from Riverwealth; and

(d) charging Riverwealth excessive interest for the personal loan which he
extended.

20 Park also pleaded that Bryan, _qua_ majority shareholder of Riverwealth,
had oppressed him and Wee by unfairly excluding the both of them from
management decisions regarding the sale of the Properties, unfairly removing
Wee as a director of Riverwealth, diluting Wee’s shareholding and refusing to
comply with requests for information and documents. Park also alleged that
Bryan had breached his fiduciary duties as a director of Riverwealth by
selling the Properties to Oxley JV at an undervalue in an interested-person
transaction.

21 Contrariwise, the respondents, pleaded in their defence that no oral
agreement was ever reached on 24 September 2006; there were only informal
discussions on future opportunities at this point, and LAAnD was incorporated
only for the purpose of evaluating property development opportunities.

22 The respondents, however, conceded that there was a profit-sharing
agreement in place from September 2007 with regard to the Properties, whereby
Bryan and Clarence were entitled to 50% of the profits, with Andy and Park
entitled to 25% each. However, the agreement was merely indicative and would
apply only if the following conditions were achieved:

(a) the Properties were to be resold within four months;

(b) the Properties were to be sold within the price range of $60m to $80m; and

(c) the risks and costs of holding the properties over time were minimised in
view of the declining property market at that time.

23 The onset of the financial crisis of 2008, and the resultant bearish
property market, caused holding costs to mount significantly. As the first two
alleged conditions were not met, Bryan pleaded that the indicative profit-
sharing agreement did not apply. Indeed, Bryan claimed to be assuming all the
risks of holding the Properties. Bryan further pleaded that a new agreement
was entered into whereby Andy and Madam Wee would either transfer their
shareholdings in Riverwealth to Bryan or, in the alternative, pay for their
shares.

24 The respondents further counterclaimed that Park had made a
misrepresentation. Park had stated that the plot ratio of 434 RVR was 1.4, and
that he was confident of making a successful application to increase the plot
ratio to 2.8. This was untrue as the plot ratio was already 2.8. This was made
fraudulently as Park had known all along that the plot ratio was already 2.8
and that there was no need for any application to be made. In the alternative,
Bryan pleaded s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed)
(“Misrepresentation Act”).

25 At trial, the respondents amended their pleadings to state that Park’s
representation was untrue, not because the plot ratio was already 2.8, but
because the plot ratio was never 1.4.

Decision below

Oral profit-sharing agreement

26 The Judge held that the oral agreement referred to by Park was somewhat
amorphous, that there appeared to be significant ambiguity on the
circumstances under which the parties supposedly came to an agreement, that
Park appeared to be making his evidence up as he went along, and that it was
somewhat far-fetched for the profit sharing arrangement to be cast in stone
even before the parties had identified the properties.

27 The Judge held that Bryan’s version of events was more likely. The Judge
found as a fact that the parties entered into an indicative agreement _vis-à-
vis_ profit sharing around July to September 2007. The final proportions would
vary depending on the final sale price of the properties, the holding period
of the investment, as well as Bryan’s return on equity. Furthermore, as the
sole financial contributor, Bryan was concerned about controlling the
parameters of profit sharing so as to maximise his return on equity, and this
was to take precedence over the profits flowing to other parties.

Misrepresentation

28 The Judge found that Park had indeed represented to the other parties that
434 RVR had a plot ratio of 1.4. First, Park had himself conceded in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that he arranged for the meeting with
Timothy because he wanted to explore the possibility of increasing the plot
ratio “from the then 1.4 for the Esso gas station to 2.8 for
redevelopment”[note: 1]. Second, the very act of forwarding certain documents
— _viz_ , a brochure from CB Richard Ellis, and the URA’s Grant of Outline
Permission dated 1 February 2007 (“Grant of Outline Permission”) stating that
the plot ratio was 1.4 — was held to be an implied representation that the
information contained therein was true and accurate.

29 The Judge also found as a fact that the aforementioned representation
induced Bryan to enter into the agreement with Park to incorporate Riverwealth
for the purpose of purchasing the properties.

30 The Judge held that Park was unable to show that his belief in the truth of
his representation was reasonable, and was therefore liable under s 2 of the
Misrepresentation Act. In asking Madam Wee to either transfer the shares back
to himself, or to pay for her shares, Bryan had rescinded the agreement. Wee
was thus obliged to transfer her shares in Riverwealth to Bryan.

Oppression

31 The Judge held that Park had no _locus standi_ to allege oppression as he
was never a shareholder in Riverwealth. It was also not pleaded that Madam Wee
was holding her Riverwealth shares on trust for Park. Furthermore, Madam Wee
was obliged to return her shares to Bryan due to the aforesaid rescission.
Madam Wee thus also lacked the requisite _locus standi_.

32 In any event, the Properties were not sold at an undervalue despite the
fact that the sale was to a related party. The Judge accepted that Bryan had
made a commercial decision to rely on one particular valuation as the valuers
were familiar with the properties. The mere fact that Bryan had a prior
interest in Oxley Wealth was also insufficient to show that the sale of the
properties was conducted other than on an arm’s length basis. We note that
there has been no appeal against this finding.

Supplemental judgment on costs

33 The respondents made an Offer to Settle dated 13 September 2010, where the
respondents offered to settle on the condition that Park and Madam Wee take
all necessary steps to transfer the Riverwealth shares in Madam Wee’s name to
Bryan in consideration for a sum of $162,000. The Judge awarded costs to the
respondents in accordance with O 22A r 9(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322 R 5
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”) — _viz_ , costs on a standard basis up to
and including 13 September 2010 and costs on a full indemnity basis
thereafter.

The parties’ respective cases

Appellants’ case

34 The appellants raised the following arguments in this appeal:

(a) the Judge had erred in finding that Park had made an actionable
misrepresentation;

(b) the Judge had erred in finding that there was no oral profit-sharing
agreement entitling Park to 25% of the profit of any joint venture. Even if
there was no oral profit-sharing agreement, the Judge should have awarded
equitable compensation to Park;

(c) the cardinal rule of _audi alteram partem_ was breached as the Judge did
not allow the appellants to recall their witnesses after having allowed the
respondents to amend their pleadings with regard to misrepresentation.

Respondents’ case

35 The respondents’ case is diametrically opposed to that of the appellants.
The following arguments were raised by the respondents:

(a) the Judge had correctly found that there was an actionable representation;

(b) the Judge had rightfully found that there was only an indicative profit-
sharing agreement;

(c) there was no miscarriage of justice in the Judge disallowing the
appellants from recalling their witnesses.

Issues before the court

36 The issues before this Court are, accordingly, fourfold: first, whether
there was an actionable misrepresentation made by Park; second, whether a
cast-iron oral profit-sharing agreement entitling Park to 25% of the profits
was concluded; third, whether the cardinal rule of _audi alteram partem_ was
breached; and fourth, whether the cost order made pursuant to O 22A r 9(3) of
the Rules of Court was correct. Each issue shall be dealt with in turn.

Our decision

Threshold for appellate intervention

37 It is well-settled that appellate intervention is narrowly circumscribed: a
trial judge’s findings of fact should not ordinarily be disturbed where they
hinge on an assessment of witness credibility (_Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte
Ltd v Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 at [41] and _Yong Kheng
Leong and another v Panweld Trading Pte Ltd and another_ [2013] 1 SLR 173 at
[18]). Nevertheless, appellate intervention is justified where a trial judge’s
findings of fact is plainly wrong or against the weight of evidence — for
instance, where the inferences drawn by the trial judge are not supported by
the primary or objective evidence on record (_Ng Chee Chuan v Ng Ai Tee
(administratrix of the estate of Yap Yoon Moi, deceased)_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 918
at [12] and [13]).

Did Park make an actionable misrepresentation?

38 An operative misrepresentation consists in a false statement of existing or
past fact made by one party before or at the time of making the contract,
which is addressed to the other party and which induces the other party to
enter into the contract (_Tan Chin Seng and others v Raffles Town Club Pte
Ltd_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 307 (“ _Raffles Town Club”_) at [20]).

39 S 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act does not alter the (common) law as to
what constitutes a misrepresentation (_Raffles Town Club_ at [23]). It does,
however, reverse the burden of proof, in that the party who made the
misrepresentation has to show that he had reasonable grounds to believe that
the fact represented was true (_Ng Buay Hock and another v Tan Keng Huat and
another_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 507 at [28]).

Erroneous characterisation of the representation

40 The characterisation of the exact statement of fact made by Park is crucial
to the subsequent analysis of its truth. In our view, this aspect of the
Judge’s decision conflates several different plot ratios. The Judge merely
observed (at [92] of the Judgment) that “I believe from the evidence that
[Park] did represent to the parties that [434 RVR] had a plot ratio of 1.4 …”.

41 There were in fact three different plot ratios that had relevance in
relation to 434 RVR: the extant plot ratio, the approved proposed plot ratio,
and the maximum permitted plot ratio. As at 1 February 2007, the extant plot
ratio was 0.5 (as the site was a petrol station); the approved plot ratio was
1.4 (_per_ the Grant of Outline Permission); and the maximum permitted plot
ratio had not been established with certainty.

42 To illustrate, there is a critical difference between the following
representations:

(a) Representation A: “I obtained prior approval from the URA for a proposed
plot ratio of 1.4 in 2007. I shall endeavour to use my professional expertise
to apply for a proposed plot ratio of 2.8 if we buy the land.”

(b) Representation B: “I obtained prior approval from the URA for a proposed
plot ratio of 1.4 in 2007. This was also the maximum plot ratio permitted in
2007. I shall endeavour to use my professional expertise to apply for this
maximum limit to be increased to 2.8 if we buy the land.”

43 The Judge erroneously concluded that Park had made Representation B, and in
doing so had made two _non sequiturs_.

44 Firstly, the Judge had erroneously relied on Park’s AEIC, which stated that
Park had arranged a meeting with Timothy to ascertain if there was a
possibility of the plot ratio of 434 RVR being increased “from the then 1.4
for the Esso gas station to 2.8 for redevelopment” (see [28] above).

45 This statement, taken out of context, can be understood as either
Representation A or B; it does not _ipso facto_ follow that Park made
representations _vis-à-vis_ the _maximum_ permitted plot ratio. Indeed, a
perusal of the context indicates that Park made Representation A, and not
Representation B. Park stated in his AEIC that[note: 2]:

[A]s a practicing [_sic_] architect, I know the plot ratio is subject to the
approval of the Competent Authority under the Planning Act, i.e. URA at the
material time. I did not give such an assurance that the plot ratio could
definitely be increased to 2.8.

46 This aspect of Park’s evidence is broadly corroborated by the URA. Timothy
testified that the maximum plot ratio is subject to evaluation by the URA on a
case-by-case basis where the prevailing Master Plan is silent.[note: 3]

47 To elaborate, the maximum permitted plot ratio (where the Master Plan is
silent) is akin to the paradox known as Schrödinger’s Cat, where it is unknown
whether the aforesaid cat is dead or alive _until and unless a measurement is
made_. One could guess the maximum permitted plot ratio based on the extant
and approved plot ratios of the surrounding pieces of land, but similar to
Schrödinger’s Cat, one could not be sure until an outline or a formal
application is actually made. To be more semantically precise, one could not
be sure until one’s application for a higher ratio is rejected; even where one
has in hand an approved proposed plot ratio, it is always possible for a
subsequent application, with a higher proposed plot ratio, to succeed.

48 The Judge also proffered a second reason: Park had made an implied
representation that 434 RVR had a maximum plot ratio of 1.4 merely by
forwarding two documents — the Grant of Outline Permission and a CB Richard
Ellis Brochure — to Bryan and Clarence in an e-mail dated 2 July 2007. We do
not agree with this finding.

49 To reiterate, the Grant of Outline Permission merely indicated the approved
proposed plot ratio (which was 1.4), and is not an indication of the maximum
permitted plot ratio.

50 The CB Richard Ellis brochure set out under the heading “REDEVELOPMENT
POTENTIAL” that the “Potential Gross Plot Ratio” was 1.4.[note: 4] It also
stated under the same heading that outline planning permission had been
granted by the URA, and was further subject to URA’s and other authorities’
approval. Nowhere in the brochure was the word “maximum” used. The brochure
was therefore not a representation that the maximum permitted plot ratio was
1.4.

51 In sum, the Judge had mischaracterised the nature of Park’s implied
representations. Park did not represent that 434 RVR had a _maximum_ permitted
plot ratio of 1.4. Rather, he represented that 434 RVR had an _approved_
proposed plot ratio of 1.4. This was in fact true, and there was thus no
misrepresentation. In fact, Park did go on to secure an approved plot ratio of
2.8 from the URA, confirmed in a Grant of Written Permission dated 17 July
2009.

No reliance

52 Assuming _arguendo_ that there was a misrepresentation, the Judge did not
cite any evidence in finding that there was reliance on the part of Bryan.
Instead, the Judge merely invoked a presumption of reliance: if the
representation is material, the onus would lie on the representor to show the
representee’s lack of reliance.

53 This presumption is not a _legal_ presumption, but is a presumption of
fact. In _St Paul Fire and Marine Insurance (UK) Co Ltd v McConnell Dowell
Constructors Ltd and others_ [1996] 1 All ER 96 at 112, the English Court of
Appeal cited _Halsbury’s Laws_ vol 31 (Butterworths, 4th Ed, vol 1989) (at
para 1067):

Inducement cannot be inferred in law from proved materiality, although there
may be cases where the materiality is so obvious as to justify an inference of
fact that the representee was actually induced, but, even in such exceptional
cases, the inference is only a prima facie one, and may be rebutted by
counter-evidence.

54 As such, the presumption of reliance is not _mandatory:_ a court is not
constrained to apply the presumption _whenever_ materiality is found. Being a
presumption of fact, it is optional; a court _may_ choose to apply the
presumption, depending on the factual matrix. Looked at in this way, the court
is merely applying a commonsense inference of fact.

55 To elaborate: all presumptions are merely propositions in the form of “P
implies Q; P is proven to be true, so therefore Q is true”. Stated in another
way, presumptions are special forms of _modus ponendo ponens._

56 Presumptions of law can be further subdivided into irrebuttable and
rebuttable presumptions of law (see also _Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence
and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 at [43] and [44]). An irrebuttable
presumption of law is such that if P is proven on a balance of probabilities,
then Q is _ipso jure_ proven regardless of the rest of the available evidence.
A rebuttable presumption of law is such that if P proven on a balance of
probabilities, then Q is established only if there is insufficient
countervailing evidence indicating otherwise. In other words, a rebuttable
presumption of law reverses the legal burden of proof once the premise P is
established.

57 A presumption of fact, contrary to a presumption of law, is a presumption
whereby the _modus ponendo ponens_ itself is not an obligatory rule of law.
The court has a discretion on whether to apply the presumption to the
particular factual matrix. As such, when a court does apply a presumption of
fact, it is incumbent on the court to give reasons for the application of the
presumption.

58 We summarily set out the types of presumptions in an organisational chart
below:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

59 The Judge did not explain why the presumption of reliance was invoked.
Indeed, a closer perusal of the evidence indicates that the presumption of
reliance should not have been utilised.

60 Bryan attended the meeting with Timothy in September 2007, where Timothy
confirmed that a proposed plot ratio of 2.8 would be approved. Having heard
Timothy personally, there was simply no reliance on any representation made by
Park.

61 Additionally, the Judge did not address her mind to important documentary
evidence that indicated Bryan was alive to the significance of the applicable
plot ratios. In an e-mail dated 31 July 2007 from Bryan to Andy, Clarence and
Park, Bryan states that Hong Leong Finance (the bank which ultimately lent
$30m for the acquisition of the Properties) “seem to be aware of the 1.4 vs
2.8 plot ratio (really hope they can keep this info p + c)” [_sic_].[note: 5]
In a subsequent e-mail dated 24 August 2007 from Bryan to Andy, with Park and
Clarence being carbon copied, Bryan states that “**with a revised plot ratio**
, we will get valuation in the 48–50m range” [emphasis added].[note: 6] In yet
another e-mail dated 2 September 2007 sent by Bryan to Andy, with Clarence and
Park carbon copied, Bryan writes that “[r]ight so with plot ratio revised to
2.8, we should get the land valuation (by independent real estate valuer) at
anywhere from 48m to 60m”.[note: 7]

62 These e-mails confirm that Bryan knew that they were purchasing 434 RVR at
an attractive price — probably because it was not widely known that 434 RVR
could be readily redeveloped at a higher plot ratio. Consequently, there was
no reliance on any representation that 434 RVR had a maximum plot ratio of
1.4; if that were the case, Bryan would not have been so confident of reaping
a windfall from a revised _increased_ plot ratio of 2.8. In short, Bryan got
exactly what he bargained for. Bryan’s understanding of the situation is
shared by Andy. In an e-mail dated 1 September 2007, Andy opined that: [note:
8]

if next bidder is $30m for PR of 1.4, then land should be 60m for 2.8. And
that’s before masterplan 2008. The river shall flow, with wealth that glows …
for once my pocket may be heavier than my butt.

63 Plainly, the Judge had erred in choosing to utilise the presumption of
reliance. The evidence was abundantly clear that Bryan had not relied on a
representation that 434 RVR had a maximum plot ratio of 1.4.

64 In sum, Park did not represent that 434 RVR had a maximum plot ratio of
1.4. Even if he had represented that 434 RVR had a maximum plot ratio of 1.4,
there was no reliance on Bryan’s part.

Was a cast-iron oral agreement concluded?

65 The Judge initially relied, _inter alia_ , on Edwin Peel, _Treitel: The Law
of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2011) at para 2-017, where the learned
author observes as follows (see [73] of the Judgment):

**Continuing negotiations.** When parties carry on lengthy negotiations, it
may be hard to say exactly when an offer has been made and accepted. As
negotiations progress, each party may make concessions or new demands and the
parties may in the end dispute whether they had ever agreed at all. The court
must then look at the whole correspondence and decide whether, on its true
construction, the parties had agreed to the same terms. If so, there is a
contract even though both parties, or one of them, had reservations not
expressed in the correspondence ...

...

Businessmen do not, any more than the courts, find it easy to say precisely
when they have reached agreement, and may continue to negotiate even after
they appear to have agreed to the same terms. The court will then look at the
entire course of the negotiations to decide whether an apparently unqualified
acceptance did in fact conclude the agreement ...

66 At this juncture, we would like to add that the courts scrutinise the
objective conduct of the parties in determining if an agreement has been
reached. Once the parties have to all outward appearances agreed in the same
terms on the same subject-matter, then neither can, generally, rely on some
unexpressed qualification or reservation to show that he had not in fact
agreed to the terms to which he had appeared to agree. The subjective
reservations of one party cannot prevent the formation of a contract
(_Aircharter World Pte Ltd v Kontena Nasional Bhd_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 440 at
[30]).

67 Curiously, the Judge found that there was an _indicative_ profit-sharing
agreement, under which the final proportions of profits would _fluidly vary
based on the final sale price of the Properties_ , the holding period of the
investment, as well as the return on equity obtained by Bryan.

68 This is peculiar for several reasons. First, Bryan’s initial pleaded case
was not that of fluid final proportions. Rather, Bryan’s pleaded case was that
50% of the profits were to go to Bryan, with 25% each to Andy and Park if
three conditions were met:

(a) the properties were to be resold within a short time frame of about four
months from the time they were acquired;

(b) the properties were to be resold at the indicative price range of about
$80m; and

(c) the risks and costs of holding the properties over time were minimised in
view of the declining property market at that time.

69 Second, the Judge had found that it was implausible for Bryan, an astute
and commercially savvy businessman, to agree to cast-iron proportions.
However, if it is commercially implausible for Bryan to have agreed to cast-
iron proportions, it is equally commercially implausible, if not more so, for
Park to have agreed to an arrangement whereby Bryan was given _carte blanche_
to fully “[control] the parameters of profit sharing so as to maximise his
return on equity” and for this to “take precedence over the profit that was to
flow to the other parties” (at [87] of the Judgment). This is especially so as
Andy and Park were co-guarantors for the $30m loan made by Hong Leong Finance
to Riverwealth and were personally exposed to a considerable amount of
financial risk. It appears to us more than improbable that Park would have
risked legal proceedings for, _inter alia_ , negligence and a breach of his
fiduciary duty to ExxonMobil (in advising ExxonMobil to sell 434 RVR to
Riverwealth) if his share of the profits were to be entirely subject to
Bryan’s whims (and potentially zero).

70 Third, the Judge had also placed especial weight on Andy’s answers during
cross-examination, where Andy confirmed that Bryan was concerned with
maximising his return on equity. However, it is ultimately irrelevant, even if
true, that Bryan would have liked to make as much money as possible. All
rational investors would like to maximise their returns. A concern with
maximising personal profit does not address the question of whether the
parties had entered into a (indicative) contract.

71 Fourth, the Judge pointed out a weakness in Park’s case: an e-mail sent on
21 March 2007 by Andy to Park and Bryan, which was sent more than six months
after Park pleaded that an alleged oral agreement was concluded (on 24
September 2006) (see [77] of the Judgment). The e-mail spells out a
“conclusive meeting” at which the parties agreed to a “4:3:3 set up” for the
incorporation of LAAnD. The Judge claimed that there appeared to be much
ambiguity about when and how the alleged oral agreement was made between the
parties. However, a more holistic approach ought to be utilised in order to
ascertain whether the parties had in fact agreed to the same terms. Viewed in
this light, this particular e-mail is, in our view, an isolated piece of
correspondence that is at variance with the rest of the relevant (especially
documentary) evidence.

72 Indeed, subsequent e-mails were not ambiguous at all. An e-mail dated 20
November 2007 authored by Bryan and sent to Andy, Clarence and Park was relied
on by the Judge but without viewing it in its proper context.[note: 9] Bryan
distinguished clearly between two scenarios: first, a full-project sale
whereby “this profit sharing agreement for all co directors should be hammered
out only after we LAY our hands on the land” [_sic_] and second, a land-only
sale whereby “[p]rofit sharing for a land only deal means that we revert to
the spirit of the original deal whereby Park and Andy were 50% for origination
and I am the other 50% for financing” [_sic_]. Clarence was then to be
accorded a 2.5% fee from each of the three parties. The Judge only cited the
former in support of her finding that there was only an indicative profit-
sharing agreement, and appears to have entirely overlooked the latter.

73 This is corroborated by e-mails sent by other parties. In an e-mail sent by
Clarence to Andy, Bryan, and Park on 19 November 2007, Clarence also
distinguished between the two scenarios.[note: 10] In the event of a full
project sale, “earnings are to be disbursed and allocated according to
shareholding structure, that is, Bryan – 75.0%, [Madam Wee] – 12.5%, Andy –
12.5%”. In the event of a land only sale the earnings “are to be apportioned
as follows: Bryan – 35%, [Madam Wee] – 25%, Andy – 25%, Clarence – 15%”. The
discrepancy in the two e-mails for the land-only sale is presumably because
Clarence was holding his 15% share of the profits on behalf of Bryan prior to
being paid by the rest. In another e-mail sent by Andy to Bryan on 9 November
2007, with Park and Clarence carbon copied, Andy refers to the parties having
“further agreed to revise the structure for profit sharing to 47.5 22.5 22.5 &
7.5 (CT) on a Land Sale Only basis irrespective of the actual physical equity
structure of [Riverwealth]”.[note: 11]

74 The arrangement reflected in Bryan’s 20 November 2007 e-mail is also
reaffirmed in other e-mails authored by him. On 27 April 2008, Bryan sent
another e-mail where he stated that:[note: 12]

this is to keep to the equal sharing of the ‘profits of the firm’ /valuation
surplus where by andy and park are 50% n i am 50%

… i am keen to **_retain_** the original sprirt of agreement

[_sic_] [emphasis added in bold italics]

On 27 November 2008, Bryan wrote again to Andy, Clarence and Park:[note: 13]

The spirit of the profit share is intact and is not different from the last
email exchange.

75 To reiterate, the test for whether a contract has been concluded is
objective in nature. The documentary evidence on record clearly indicates that
an agreement had been reached, with profits from the sale of the Properties (a
land only sale) to be split in a 2:1:1 ratio between Bryan, Andy and Park
respectively, with each party then paying a fee of 2.5% of the total profits
to Clarence. That the exact circumstances surrounding the conclusion of the
contract are unclear is no impediment to discerning that one was in fact
concluded in the course of the parties’ continuing negotiations. The function
of the court is to try, as far as practical experience allows, to ensure that
the reasonable expectations of honest men are not disappointed (_Tribune
Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 at [40]).
Bryan’s subsequent reprobation cannot be sanctioned; this Court will not allow
the subjective reservations of one party to defeat clear, objective evidence
of _consensus ad idem_.

76 We acknowledge that the Judge entertained serious doubts on Park’s
credibility. However, even where a trial judge’s evaluation of a witness’s
credibility is based on his demeanour, this will not invariably immunise the
decision from appellate scrutiny. It is always important to test witnesses’
evidence against the objective facts and independent evidence. On the instant
factual matrix, the e-mail correspondence between the parties is particularly
persuasive because it is an objective record of the parties’ respective
positions and intentions prior to their wrangle.

Was there a breach of natural justice?

77 In light of our findings above, the issue of natural justice is rendered
academic. Assuming _arguendo_ that there was a breach of the _audi alteram
partem_ rule, there is now no point in ordering a rehearing as we are deciding
the misrepresentation issue in favour of Park.

Conclusion

78 We find that there was no misrepresentation made by Park that 434 RVR had a
maximum permitted plot ratio of 1.4. Even if there was a misrepresentation,
there was no reliance on the part of Bryan, who got exactly what he bargained
for. We set aside the Judge’s order for rescission; Madam Wee need not return
her shares in Riverwealth to Bryan.

79 We find that there was an extant oral agreement for profits from the sale
of the Properties to be split in a 2:1:1 ratio between Bryan, Andy and Park,
with the parties each then paying a fee of 2.5% of the total profits to
Clarence (see [84] above).

80 Pursuant to O 43 r 2 of the Rules of Court, we thus order an account of
profits to be taken by a judge (“the Assessment Judge”). For the avoidance of
doubt, the profits comprise the difference between the $60.08m sale price on
the one hand, and the purchase price of the Properties (_ie_ , $48.5m)
together with certain outgoings to be enumerated below (at [84]) on the other.
We note that there have been allegations of impropriety — _viz_ , the
purported extortionate interest rates charged by Bryan for his personal loan
to Riverwealth, the purportedly exorbitant management fees charged by Daun
Consulting and the purported sale of the Properties at an undervalue.

81 As to the first allegation, we think that the Assessment Judge would be
better placed to determine whether the interest rates charged by Bryan were
extortionate. The parties are to lead evidence as to what the usual market
practice is with regard to the interest rates chargeable (and if this cannot
be satisfactorily established the Assessment Judge is to assess a reasonable
rate) on such personal loans.

82 As to the second allegation, no deductions should be made for the
management fees charged by Daun Consulting as the basis for such fees in the
event of a land-only sale has not been clearly established. The Judge had (at
[117] of the Judgment) held that:

there was nothing to suggest that [Bryan] was not allowed to use [Daun
Consulting] as a vehicle to collect director’s fees for Clarence and himself.
Indeed, it would appear that [Park] himself was aware of this arrangement, as
can be seen from an email dated 2 August 2008 … .

However, a closer perusal of the e-mail indicates that such management fees
were to be chargeable only upon a full-project sale. Even then, it is unclear
if the parties actually came to _consensus ad idem_ regarding the fees
chargeable upon a full-project sale:[note: 14]

Fees [Daun Consulting] would incurr [_sic_] for bringing in say a 30% third
party investor are as follows

…

However since I am also a principal investor I propose to charge 0.75 % on the
agreed value of the land **at the point in time the service apartment project
is successfully negotiated with the 3rd party investor** …

**_For consideration and discussion_**

[emphasis added in bold and bold italics]

83 As to the third allegation, we agree with the Judge that Park was not the
proper plaintiff. It is open to Madam Wee to institute fresh proceedings for
the purported sale of the Properties at an undervalue.

84 Thus, the only deductible outgoings are first, interest charged by Hong
Leong Finance for the $30m loan and the legal fees for the sale, and second,
interest (at market rates, see [80] above) payable to Bryan for the loan
comprising $22,580,621.99. The Assessment Judge may also allow the deduction
of such other reasonable expenses necessarily incurred consequentially in
relation to the sale (_eg_ , marketing fees). We so order pursuant to O 43 r 3
of the Rules of Court.

85 The appeal is therefore allowed. The appellants are entitled to the costs
here and below (to be taxed, if not agreed), with the usual consequential
orders. The supplemental judgment on costs (which entitled the respondents to
costs on an indemnity basis from 13 September 2010) is also set aside.

* * *

[note: 1]AEIC of Lim Koon Park dated 31 January 2012 at para 50b.

[note: 2]AEIC of Lim Koon Park dated 31 January 2012 at para 50a.

[note: 3]Notes of Evidence p 1134

[note: 4]Core Bundle Volume II Part A p 272

[note: 5]Record of Appeal Volume V Part E p 30

[note: 6]_Ibid._ p 40

[note: 7]_Ibid._ p 50

[note: 8]_Ibid._

[note: 9]_Ibid._ at p 134

[note: 10]_Ibid._ at p 132

[note: 11]_Ibid._ at p 118

[note: 12]_Ibid._ p 281

[note: 13]Record of Appeal Volume V Part G p 30

[note: 14]Record of Appeal Volume V Part F p 216

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

