Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  BMG _v_ BMH  
[2013] SGHC 244

Case Number| :| Divorce Transferred No 6149 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jimmy Yim SC (Drew & Napier LLC) and Dennis Chua Soon
Chai (Dennis Chua & Co) for the plaintiff/wife; Tan Cheng Yew (Leong
Partnership LLP) for the defendant/husband.  
Parties| :|  BMG — BMH  
  
13 November 2013| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This case concerns the ancillary matters of division of matrimonial assets
and maintenance. The defendant/husband is 47 years old and a British citizen,
and the plaintiff/wife is 37 years old and a Thai citizen. They were married
in Bangkok on 25 April 2001. They have two children who are 11 and 10 years
old. The children have been living with the husband since parties separated in
June 2009. In December 2009, the wife commenced divorce proceedings. Interim
judgment was granted on 15 March 2011. Parties reached agreement on the
ancillary matter of custody, care and control of and access to the children,
but contested the other two ancillary matters.

2 Much of the parties’ dispute in the matter of the division of assets centres
around three companies which the husband has a stake in. These three companies
are [X] Pte Ltd, [Y] Ltd and [Z] Pte Ltd. The husband is a 50% shareholder of
[X], the other 50% of shares in [X] being held by one Gordon MacGregor. The
husband is also the 100% shareholder of [Y], and [Y] is in turn a 50%
shareholder of [Z], the other 50% of shares being held by the husband’s
brother. In 2007, [Z] purchased two vessels from [Y] for a total price of
US$1.5 million. The purchase price remains unpaid.

3 As to the division of matrimonial assets, I shall begin by determining the
total value of the pool of these assets. There are a number of assets that
parties had agreed on —

First, the husband’s 50% shareholding in [X], which based on the company’s net
tangible asset value alone, is worth $1,834,884.50.

Second, the properties in Bangkok worth $1,245,297.

Third, the monies in the husband’s various bank accounts — parties put forward
different amounts but I accept the wife’s figure of $363,934, since that was
what the husband accepted in his ancillary matters position sheet.

Fourth, the husband’s cars, valued at $222,704.

Fifth, the husband’s CPF monies worth $128,791.

Sixth, the husband’s watches, valued at $46,000.

Seventh, the money in [Y]’s bank account — parties put forward different
amounts but I accept the wife’s figure of $18,656 because that was what the
husband accepted in his position sheet.

Eighth, the monies in the wife’s various bank accounts, plus her CPF monies,
her policies and her jewellery and watches valued at 60% of the price at which
they were purchased — parties put forward different amounts but on closer
examination it appeared that they agree on the individual items, except that
there was an error in the wife’s arithmetic, and the correct figure is
$182,398.54.

Ninth, the husband’s loan of £100,000 to his brother, which based on the
current exchange rate of £1 to $2, works out to $200,000.

All these add up to $4,242,665.04.

4 Then there are assets which parties disputed —

First, a payment of £100,000 — worth $200,000 at the current exchange rate —
that the husband said was a gift from him to his parents. I agree with the
wife that this should be added to the pool of matrimonial assets, because the
gift was made more than a year after divorce proceedings were commenced. With
divorce proceedings afoot, parties surely cannot be allowed to deplete the
pool of assets by making gifts, however genuine the spirit of magnanimity
behind those gifts.

Second, a sum of $100,000 which the wife received from selling their Mercedes
car in Bangkok around the time that parties ceased living together. I agree
with the husband that this should be taken into account even though the sale
was made before the commencement of divorce proceedings. When the wife applied
in 2010 for interim maintenance, the Family Court decided that a separate sum
of $100,000 which she withdrew was sufficient to maintain her from June 2009
to July 2011. I see no reason to depart from that decision, which means that
the sum of $100,000 from the sale of the Mercedes should be considered money
remaining in the wife’s hands and thus part of the pool of assets.

Third, the proceeds received by the wife from sale of her watches, other than
the watches already taken into account. The wife appears to accept in her
reply submissions that she received such proceeds, but she disputed the
amount. I accept the husband’s figure of $63,143 because the wife did not
disclose the proceeds from these watches in her position sheet even though
counsel submitted that she did.

5 As I have said, the main disputes in the division of assets concerned the
three companies [X], [Y] and [Z]. As to [X], first the wife says that the
husband is not merely a 50% shareholder of [X] but is in truth the full
beneficial owner of that company. Until December 2007 the husband was
registered owner of 100% of the shares of [X]. In that month, he transferred
50% of his shares to Gordon MacGregor for $1. The wife alleged that this was a
sham transaction. I do not accept the wife’s allegation. It surely could not
have been a transfer intended to deplete the pool of matrimonial assets, since
this was a year and a half before parties ceased living together and thus
probably well in advance of any contemplation of divorce. The wife has not
furnished any convincing reason why the husband would make the transfer were
it true that he was nonetheless to remain the full beneficial owner of [X].
Next the wife says that the husband’s 50% shareholding in [X] has been
undervalued because its value was assessed with reference to the company’s net
tangible asset value and nothing else. The wife pointed to an offer made in
July 2009 by a third party to purchase all the shares of [X] for $13 million.
She said that $13 million is the true value of the company’s shares because
that took into account the company’s goodwill. I do not accept the wife’s
argument. The intended transaction was no more than an offer which ultimately
did not go through. Further, as a private company its shares were not freely
traded and there was no market for them. Hence, what one particular purchaser
had appeared willing to pay was not an accurate gauge of the value of the
shares. It may be that the value of the shares was more than just the
company’s net tangible asset value, but in the absence of any way to quantify
the company’s goodwill or other intangible value-enhancing characteristics I
am unable to include all that in the assessment.

6 The wife said that the pool of matrimonial assets should also include
dividends which the husband received from [X] amounting to at least $2.25
million. The husband said in response that the dividends were no longer in his
hands but were largely, if not wholly, invested into [Z]. In support, the
husband produced evidence of cheques issued by [X] in [Z]’s favour, as well as
fund transfers from him to [Z]. I do not need to determine what had become of
the dividends that the husband received from [X]. I need only look at how much
money [Z] owes the husband. According to [Z]’s 2011 financial statement and
the Baker-Tilly report, [Z] owed the husband a sum of $1,120,363. This was an
asset in the husband’s hands and thus must be added to the pool of assets. The
wife then pointed to [Z]’s purchase of two vessels from [Y] for US$1.5
million. She argued that, even though the US$1.5 million had not been paid to
[Y], it should be recognised as enhancing [Y]’s value, which as a consequence
increased the value of the husband’s 100% shareholding in the company. I agree
with the wife’s argument on this point, given that this US$1.5 million debt
was reflected in [Z]’s financial statement as a liability of $1,920,000.

7 What remains is to assess the value of [Z]’s debt to the husband as well as
[Z]’s debt to [Y]. According to [Z]’s 2011 financial statement, it had a
negative net tangible asset value, its liabilities exceeding its assets by
$506,543. Since [Z] had $100,000 by way of share capital, if all its assets
and share capital were applied to meeting its liabilities, there would have
been a shortfall of $406,543. This meant that even though [Z] owed the husband
$1,120,363, the value of that debt to the husband was less than $1,120,363,
and the same reasoning applied to [Z]’s debt to [Y]. In my opinion a rough
method for determining the value of the debts would be as follows. The
premises were that [Z] would liquidate at once all its assets and apply
everything it had towards paying its creditors, and that the shortfall of
$406,543 would be borne among [Z]’s creditors in proportion to the amount of
their debts. Since [Z]’s creditors are owed a total of $3,483,155 — this being
the amount of total liabilities in [Z]’s 2011 financial statements – each
creditor will by reason of the shortfall receive approximately 88.33 cents per
dollar owed to them by [Z]. The husband would have stood to receive
$989,597.72 and [Y] would have stood to receive $1,695,903.58. Working in a
discount of 20% to take into account possible restrictions on [Z]’s ability to
liquidate its assets, it may roughly be said that the debt owed by [Z] to the
husband was worth $791,678.18. The debt owed to [Y] was roughly worth
$1,356,722.86, and the value of the husband’s 100% shareholding in [Y] was
increased by that amount. Therefore a sum of $2,416,951.17 should have been
added to the pool of matrimonial assets. Rounding down, this would mean that
the total value of the pool of matrimonial assets would be $6.75 million.

8 As for the share of the assets that each party should receive, I am of the
view that the wife should receive 30%. The marriage was not a long one, and
the wife’s financial and non-financial contributions to the marriage did not
appear to have been extensive. Hence the wife’s share would be $2.025 million.
For convenience, parties should retain whatever assets are currently
considered theirs. Hence the wife should retain the properties in Bangkok
worth $1,245,297, her bank account monies, policies, jewellery and watches
worth $182,398.54, the $100,000 from the sale of the Mercedes and the $63,143
of proceeds from the sale of her other watches. This would leave a sum of
$434,161.46 due from the husband to the wife. I shall round this down to a sum
of $434,000.

9 On the question of maintenance, the wife sought a lump sum of between
$508,800 and $763,200. The former figure is $10,600 per month for four years
while the latter is the same monthly amount for six years. The husband on the
other hand said that the wife should receive no more than $42,000, being
$3,500 a month for one year. The wife said that her expenses amounted to
$10,600 a month, and that this was reasonable having regard to the husband’s
expenses, which amounted to $31,000 a month. I think that the husband’s
expenses are relevant insofar as they tended to show that the wife enjoyed a
certain standard of living when she and the husband lived together, and on
that basis I am of the opinion that the wife’s expenses of $10,600 a month
were not unreasonable. But she should not receive a monthly sum of maintenance
equal to her expenses, because she is still able to earn a salary and receive
income from the Bangkok properties. In my judgment a monthly sum of $8,000
would be reasonable. I think that maintenance should cease after 18 months
because this was not a long marriage. I am of the view that although this
might be an appropriate case for a lump sum payment, given that much of the
husband’s wealth appeared to be illiquid and locked up in his own and the
companies’ assets, I order that a sum of $8,000 per month be paid by the
husband to the wife for 18 months instead, but on condition that should the
husband default on his maintenance obligations for two months in succession,
the wife shall be entitled immediately to apply for the future maintenance to
be converted into a lump sum.

10 I will hear submissions on costs at a later date if parties are unable to
agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

