Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Goldring Timothy Nicholas and others _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 88

Case Number| :| Criminal Revision No 17 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 April 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Wendell Wong, Choo Tse Yun and Benedict Eoon Zizhen (Drew
& Napier LLC) for the applicants; Luke Tan, Kevin Yong, Nakoorsha bin Abdul
Kadir and Jeremy Yeo (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Goldring Timothy Nicholas and others — Public Prosecutor  
  
25 April 2013|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 When law enforcement authorities seize objects in the lawful exercise of
their powers of investigation, what effect does such seizure have on pre-
existing rights or arrangements in relation to those objects? Are law
enforcement authorities required to allow access to these objects to those
otherwise entitled to legal custody or control of the items? If so, in what
circumstances must access be granted and what is the scope to which this
access extends? These were some of the interesting questions which arose in
this application.

2 This was an application (“the Application”) by Timothy Nicholas Goldring,
Geraldine Anthony Thomas and John Andrew Nordmann (collectively, “the
Applicants”) for criminal revision of the decision of the Senior District
Judge (“SDJ”) at a criminal case disclosure conference (“CCDC”) held on 6
August 2012. At that CCDC, the SDJ had dismissed the Applicants’ request for
the Prosecution to produce copies of documents which were in the control of
the Applicants before they were lawfully seized by the Commercial Affairs
Department (“CAD”).

3 At the conclusion of the hearing before me on 25 October 2012, I allowed the
Application and directed that access should be provided to the Applicants
within a reasonable time. On 23 November 2012, the Prosecution filed Criminal
Reference No 4 of 2012 to reserve various questions arising from my decision
for determination by the Court of Appeal.

4 I now set out the detailed reasons for my decision.

The facts

5 The Applicants were directors of Profitable Plots Pte Ltd (“the Company”).
The Applicants were also the accused persons in District Arrest Cases Nos
010468 to 010725 of 2012, which involved 86 charges of abetment by conspiracy
to cheat (“the Charges”). The Charges consisted of alleged cheating offences
where the Applicants were accused, for example, of knowingly making untrue
representations that money invested through an investment scheme offered by
the Company would be used exclusively to finance the purchase of “Boron CLS
Bond” products which had purportedly been pre-sold to major
corporations.[note: 1]

6 On 11 August 2010, officers from the CAD searched the Company’s premises and
seized documents pursuant to an order under s 58 of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 CPC”). The CAD seized all working
documents, laptops and data storage items from the Company’s offices, amongst
other documents (“the Seized Documents”).[note: 2] The Seized Documents were
the property of the Company. The Applicants estimated that the Seized
Documents consisted of a total of 197,240 individual documents (not including
documents which were electronically stored).[note: 3] The CAD concurrently
issued receipts which only contained brief details of the Seized Documents
(“the Receipts”).[note: 4]

7 It is common ground that the CAD did not give the Applicants the opportunity
to make copies of any of the Seized Documents before it took the Seized
Documents away. The investigating officer in charge of the search, Assistant
Superintendent Ho Ban Hsiung (“ASP Ho”), informed the Applicants on the day of
the search that if they required any of the Seized Documents, they could write
to the CAD to request for them.[note: 5]

8 After the search, the Applicants requested the CAD on several occasions for
copies of selected documents amongst the Seized Documents. The CAD acceded to
these requests and the Applicants’ last successful request was made on 21
February 2012. I pause to note that the CAD consistently acceded to the
Applicants’ requests for copies of their documents over a period of about one
and a half years after the seizure of the Seized Documents in August 2010.

9 On 27 March 2012 (which was about one and a half years after the CAD
searched the Company’s premises and seized the Seized Documents), the Charges
(see above at [5]) were preferred against the Applicants.

10 On 13 April 2012, the first applicant, Timothy Nicholas Goldring, wrote to
ASP Ho to request for copies of some Seized Documents (“Schedule A
Documents”). On 18 April 2012, ASP Ho rejected this request, stating:[note: 6]

3\. ... [P]lease note that, if required, [the documents] will be disclosed in
due course as part of the Prosecution’s disclosure obligations under the
criminal case disclosure conference (“CCDC”) regime and according to the
timelines therein.

11 On 29 May 2012, the Case for the Prosecution was served on the Applicants.
The Applicants again requested for copies of the Schedule A Documents on 1
June, 15 June and 25 June 2012. On 26 June 2012, the Prosecution rejected the
Applicants’ request because it took the position that they had no legal basis
for the request.

12 On 17 July 2012, during the second CCDC, the SDJ directed the parties to
file written submissions on (a) whether the Applicants were entitled to apply
to the CCDC judge for an order for production of the Schedule A Documents, and
(b) whether a CCDC judge was empowered to make such an order. On 6 August
2012, the SDJ dismissed the Applicants’ application and delivered a brief oral
judgment. However, I note that at that time there was a lack of clarity with
respect to the legal basis on which the Applicants sought copies of the Seized
Documents. The issues mentioned below at [18] only clearly crystallised during
oral submissions in the course of the hearings before me.

13 On 13 August 2012, the Applicants filed Criminal Motion No 73 of 2012 (“CM
73/2012”). The Applicants prayed, _inter alia_ , for the following orders:

(a) That the order by the SDJ on 6 August 2012, rejecting the Applicant’s
request for the Prosecution to produce copies of the Schedule A Documents, be
set aside;

(b) That the Prosecution produce copies of the documents listed in the
enclosed schedules (“the Materials”) to the Applicants prior to the filing of
the Case for the Defence under the Criminal Procedure Code (Act 15 of 2010)
(“CPC 2010”).

For completeness, it bears mentioning that a revised edition of the CPC 2010
was published in 2012.

14 The Materials were estimated by the Applicants to consist of 5,750
individual documents (not including documents which were electronically
stored), and the Materials consisted of about 3% of the total number of Seized
Documents.[note: 7] Broadly speaking, the Materials could be classified into
the following categories:[note: 8]

(a) Records of the accounts of the Company’s clients;

(b) Copies of marketing material produced by the Company; and

(c) Personnel files relating to employees of the Company seized from the
Company’s human resource department.

15 In the course of the hearings before me, the Applicants filed Criminal
Revision No 17 of 2012 (“CR 17/2012”) and withdrew CM 73/2012 after the
Prosecution pointed out that an application to set aside an order made by the
SDJ had to be made _via_ criminal revision. The Prosecution did not object to
this development. The orders and directions which the Applicants sought in CR
17/2012 were similar to those which they sought in CM 73/2012 (see [13]
above).

The Applicants’ submissions

16 The Applicants’ main arguments were as follows:[note: 9]

(a) There is a common law right for owners to obtain copies of documents
seized by the police and it would be prejudicial and detrimental to the
conduct of a fair trial if copies of the Materials were not produced to the
Applicants.

(b) Each and all of the Materials were relevant, necessary and desirable for
the purpose of the Applicants’ preparation of their defence.

(c) Alternatively, even if the Prosecution has a discretion in deciding
whether to allow the Applicants to obtain copies of the Materials, the
Prosecution’s duty of disclosure (as recognised under _Muhammad bin Kadar and
another v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 1205 (“ _Kadar 1_ ”)) ought to be
followed and developed such that copies of the Materials which are relevant to
the matter should be provided during the filing of the Case for the
Prosecution.

The Prosecution’s submissions

17 The Prosecution’s main arguments were as follows:[note: 10]

(a) Under Singapore law, apart from the provisions of the CPC 2010, there is
no legal right of access by accused persons to documents validly obtained and
retained by the police in the course of investigations, regardless of whether
the documents originated from the accused persons or from third parties.

(b) In other major common law jurisdictions, there is no common law right of
access to documents seized in the course of criminal investigations based on
ownership or prior possession, though statutory rights of access have been
specially created by the legislature in some of those jurisdictions.

(c) On the facts of the Application, there is no basis for the creation of any
new “procedure” of access via s 6 of CPC 2010 as this would create a procedure
that is inconsistent with the CPC 2010, and in particular, s 166(2)(_a_) of
the CPC 2010.

The issues before the court

18 There were four issues before the court:

(a) whether there was a common law right of access to objects seized by law
enforcement authorities;

(b) whether, if there was such a common law right, the introduction of the CPC
2010 had affected and/or modified this common law right;

(c) whether, even if there was no such right at common law, it would be in the
interests of justice to recognise the existence of such a right; and

(d) whether, on the facts, the Application should be granted.

Issue 1: Whether there was a common law right of access to objects seized by
law enforcement authorities

The common law right of access to documents over which an accused had
ownership or legal custody or a legal right to control immediately before the
lawful seizure

19 In the course of the proceedings, it became clear that there are three
broad categories of documents that could be the subject of criminal
disclosure: (a) documents over which the Applicants had ownership or legal
custody or a legal right to control immediately before the lawful seizure
(“Category 1 Documents”); (b) statements made by the Applicants to third
parties (“Category 2 Documents”); and (c) documents belonging to third parties
which do not fall under Category 1 Documents or Category 2 Documents
(“Category 3 Documents”).

20 The key issue before me was whether the Applicants have a right to access
the Materials (as defined at [13(b)] above) for the purpose of making copies
thereof. It was common ground between the Applicants and the Prosecution that
prior to the lawful seizure of the Materials by the CAD, the Applicants were
entitled to the same rights apropos the Materials as an owner would have been.
In short, _this case solely concerned Category 1 Documents_ , and not Category
2 Documents or Category 3 Documents. Therefore, I am minded to emphasize that
the principles laid down in this case are in relation to the disclosure of
Category 1 Documents alone, and should not be applied to Category 2 Documents
or Category 3 Documents unless there is clear justification for doing so.

21 The crux of the Applicants’ arguments was that a common law right of access
exists for Category 1 documents seized by law enforcement authorities. The
Applicants’ primary authority for this proposition was the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Arias & Others v Commissioner for the Metropolitan Police
& Another_ (1984) 128 SJ 784; The Times, 1 August 1984 (“ _Arias_ ”). The
facts of _Arias_ were as follows. The first and second appellants were the
trustees of a trust, while the third appellant was a corporate entity which
managed the business of the trust. In March 1984, the premises of the third
appellant were searched by the police pursuant to a search warrant. Several
documents were seized by the police. Although the appellants did not dispute
that the seizure and continued detention of the documents by the police was
lawful, they applied to court for an order for delivery up of copies of the
documents. The police argued that copies should not be provided to the
appellants because this would be injurious to the public interest that
criminals should be detected, prosecuted and convicted. The judge at first
instance dismissed the appellants’ application.

22 The English Court of Appeal allowed the appellants’ appeal. It determined
that the police should be compelled to provide copies of seized documents
belonging to the appellants, unless there were reasonable grounds for
believing that disclosure would be contrary to the public interest (_ie_ , if
the copies were likely to be used to frustrate the ends of justice). May LJ
emphatically stated:

… [I]n all these cases what the court has to do is to conduct the appropriate
balancing exercise. I would not wish it to be thought that in every case
something more than the mere statement of belief on reasonable grounds on the
part of the relevant police officer … is required. Each of these cases, in
which this conflict of public interests arises, has to be decided upon its own
facts have regard to all the circumstances of the case as they then appear to
the court. Doing the _balancing exercise_ in the present case … _I am driven
to the conclusion that the fact that_** _these documents are the appellants’
own documents_** _, and that they are only asking for copies of them to enable
the trust business to be carried on_ , **_even if they may wish to prepare
their defence to any criminal prosecution which may hereafter be instituted,
leads to the balance coming down clearly in favour of the appellants_****.**
It is, I agree, a strong thing to say not merely that these officers are
entitled to retain the original documents which are potentially exhibits in
subsequent criminal proceedings, but also to contend that, at any rate for a
substantial period, the owners of those documents shall not even be entitled
to look at them or take copies of them. ... [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

Similarly, Kerr LJ held:

In this case both parties are at one in saying that the defendants, the
police, have all the documents involved in this investigation. They are agreed
that they belong to the appellant -- or, at any rate, that he is entitled,
subject to the question of public interest, to possession of them.

The issue is solely as to the information contained in those documents, since
the appellant only seeks access to them for the purpose of taking copies at
his own expense. The issue is therefore whether this is to be denied to the
appellant on the ground of the public interest.

_There may well be cases in which the public interest of investigating crime
and bringing criminals to trial and conviction would go so far as to justify
withholding from suspects, who are the owners of documents in the possession
of the police, even copies of them until a prosecution is either brought or it
is decided not to prosecute them or some other person._ Some such instances
were canvassed in argument and can be imagined. For instance, to give only one
obvious kind of illustration, if the documents contain information which would
facilitate further crime or alleged crime, or the location, codes or numbers
of deposit boxes or other hiding places where incriminating evidence or stolen
property might be secreted, it would obviously be against the public interest
to make this information available even to the owner of the documents by
giving him unrestricted access to them. **_But the court must be satisfied
that in all the circumstances of each case the balance between the public
interest and the rights of the plaintiff requires the drastic decision which
is sought in the present case, to refuse to the appellant even copies of the
documentary evidence in the possession of the police. No case to which we were
referred has gone so far, although for my part such cases cannot be ruled out
in principle._**

The question is therefore how this balance stands in the present case. I ask
myself: what is to be placed in the scale against the appellant’s right to
have the same information as the police; the information contained in his own
documents which the police hold?

_In the ultimate analysis, only one factor is placed on behalf of the police
against the appellant’s claim. That is the fear that if the appellant had
copies of his own documents ... he might use the information contained in
these documents to fabricate other evidence, in association with others, which
would or might destroy or neutralise the incriminating nature ... of the
evidence which [the police] have._

I draw attention to three passages in the affidavit evidence of the
defendants. ... First, in paragraph 6 of the affidavit which was before [the
first instance judge], it is said:

“I fear that if they are disclosed at this stage of the investigation there is
a real danger of my investigations being hampered; and such disclosure would
afford an opportunity for any person at present under suspicion, to attempt to
fabricate a defence.”

Then two passages in paragraph 4 of the further affidavit placed before us
which Lord Justice May has already read, but which I repeat to emphasise their
speculative nature:

“If this information were to be made available to the suspects at this stage
of the investigation, it would enable them, if so minded, to attempt to cover
their tracks by the production of other documents based on the information
contained in the documents which I hold.”

Finally:

“I again fear that they would then be in a position to attempt to cover their
tracks and thus hamper the completion of the investigation.”

All this is no more than speculation and suspicion, and I think there is force
in Mr Purnell’s submission that similar fears could be expressed in almost any
case where the police are in sole possession of documents which they regard as
incriminating. _I appreciate -- and wish to make this clear -- that there may
well be extreme cases where the circumstances are such that the police cannot
reveal their full reasons for wishing to refuse an owner access to his own
documents, because the revelation of their reasons would itself destroy the
public interest which they are seeking to uphold or, to use the phrase of Lord
Justice May, would in effect “give the game away”._ So there may be cases
where the reasons themselves cannot be fully revealed. But there is no
indication that this is such a case, although we gave Mr Hyam a full
opportunity of going further, if he could, than the passages to which I have
already referred. It is merely a case of fear based on speculation, that
evidence might be fabricated with nothing to support it other than the
passages which I have already read, and nothing to support it in the learned
judge's judgment other than the two paragraphs which Lord Justice May has
already read.

**_In these circumstances, I agree that there is nothing like enough to tilt
the balance against the appellant by a refusal of the relatively self-evident
right which he claims, and to accord to the police the unusually draconian
power which they seek_**.

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underline]

23 Implicit in May and Kerr LJJ’s reasoning in coming to the conclusion
reached (with which I agreed) was the fundamental premise that a lawful
seizure of objects by law enforcement authorities _does not destroy or
otherwise extinguish essential proprietary rights that an owner has in his
property_. Both as a matter of principle and commonsense this proposition is
axiomatic. A seizure of an owner’s items is not tantamount to a confiscation
or sequestration of proprietary rights in the same. This approach is reflected
implicitly as well in s 370 of the CPC 2010 which provides as follows:

**Procedure governing seizure of property**

**370.** —(1) If a police officer seizes property which is taken under section
35 or 78, or alleged or suspected to have been stolen, or found under
circumstances that lead him to suspect an offence, he must make a report of
the seizure to a Magistrate’s Court at the earlier of the following times:

(_a_)when the police officer considers that such property is no longer
relevant for the purposes of any investigation, inquiry, trial or other
proceeding under this Code; or

(_b_)one year from the date of seizure of the property.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), the Magistrate’s Court must, upon the receipt
of such report referred to in subsection (1), _make such order as it thinks
fit respecting the delivery of the property to the person entitled to the
possession of it_ or, if that person cannot be ascertained, respecting the
custody and production of the property.

(3) The Magistrate’s Court must not dispose of any property if there is any
pending court proceeding under any written law in relation to the property in
respect of which the report referred to in subsection (1) is made, or if it is
satisfied that such property is relevant for the purposes of any
investigation, inquiry, trial or other proceeding under this Code.

[emphasis added]

By providing that the Magistrate’s Court must order the delivery of seized
property to the person entitled to possession, s 370 of the CPC 2010
recognises and affirms the aforementioned premise that the prior seizure of
the said property does not have the effect of extinguishing the proprietary
rights of that person _vis-à-vis_ the property.

The suspension of possessory and control rights during the lawful seizure and
retention of seized property by law enforcement authorities

24 _In my view, the lawful seizure and retention of property by law
enforcement authorities merely suspends the right to possession or control of
the said property during the material period._ This suspension, which
constitutes a restriction on the exercise of pre-existing proprietary rights
in the said property, is justifiable on the basis that such suspension is
necessary in the interest of the administration of criminal justice. As the
court in _Arias_ perceptively observed, the right of access will only be
suspended if there are reasonable concerns that allowing such access would or
would be likely to prejudice the proper administration of justice. But if no
such public interest concerns are present, the right of access vested in the
lawful owners or those who have a legal right to possess or control the seized
objects immediately before the lawful seizure must be respected. I therefore
agreed with the Applicants that there exists as a matter of principle, logic
and authority a _common law right of access_ to Category 1 documents for the
purpose of making copies thereof, and that this right would only be trumped in
exceptional circumstances where the exercise of the said right would or would
be reasonably likely to be contrary to the public interest in ensuring the
proper administration of justice.

25 The Canadian cases also support the proposition that a lawful seizure of
objects does not destroy proprietary rights but merely detracts from them. In
_R v MacKenzie_ [1973] 10 CCC (2d) 193 (“ _MacKenzie_ ”), the Saskatchewan
Court of Queen’s Bench stated at [8] and [15]:

8 Search warrants authorize an entry upon the private premises of a citizen
and the seizure of certain private property if found therein, _and thus they
detract from a citizen's rights at common law to enjoy his lands and personal
property without intrusion or interference by any person_. ...

...

15 Whenever things are illegally seized a conflict of interests must of
necessity arise between, on the one hand, _the right of the individual
entitled thereto to posses[s] and enjoy the seized articles_ , **_subject only
to such being lawfully seized_** and, on the other hand, the interest of the
country's justice in locating and obtaining evidence for use at the trial of a
person accused of a crime. The interest of the whole community in the
administration of justice and in the conviction of perpetrators of crime takes
priority over the matter of the temporary loss by an individual of the
enjoyment of the possession of the seized articles while they are required by
Her Majesty's courts. ...

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

While [8] of _MacKenzie_ dealt with the effect of search warrants, there is no
reason in principle why the principle encapsulated in that paragraph, _viz_ ,
that search warrants merely detract from pre-existing proprietary rights,
should not apply more generally regardless of whether the seizure of the
relevant objects was made pursuant to search warrants or was otherwise
permitted by law. In addition, while [15] of _MacKenzie_ dealt with the
retention of property which was illegally seized, the court implicitly
accepted that the _lawful_ seizure of property would merely _affect_ (but not
destroy or extinguish) rights of possession and control.

26 Similarly, in _Bartlett v Weir and Others_ (3 June 1994, unreported), a
decision of the Federal Court of Australia, Beazley J stated:

The applicant next contends that quite apart from the issue of the lawfulness
of the execution of the warrants, the second respondents [_ie_ , the police]
retained the items seized for an unreasonable period. My finding that the
execution of the warrants was unlawful means that the taking and retention of
the goods for any period of time was unlawful. However, if I am wrong in that
finding, the question arises whether the retention of the goods was for an
unreasonable period of time so as to become unlawful.

The goods were seized on 19 March 1992 and were not returned until after the
court ordered their return on 15 May 1992. It appears that part of the reason,
if not the reason, for this delay was that the second respondents were using
the services of an officer of the Tax Office who was only working on a part
time basis. I do not consider that this excuses the retention for in excess of
two months. _It must be remembered that seizure of goods constitutes an
interference with an individual’s proprietary and possessory rights. If the
seizure is pursuant to a validly issued and executed warrant it is a lawful
interference with those rights, but nonetheless an interference. If it is not
intended that the seized goods be retained for evidence, they should be
returned as soon as is reasonably practicable to the person who has been
deprived of their possession._ It is no answer to say that the goods had not
been examined or a decision not made as to whether they should be retained
because of a lack of resources, because of the employment conditions of the
person undertaking the examination or because the seizing officers have given
priority to other matters. This is more particularly so in the case of
computer software which could have been copied under appropriately controlled
conditions in a very short period of time, assuming of course that the seizure
had been valid. In my opinion, therefore the goods were detained for an
unreasonable period of time.

[emphasis added]

27 In line with the principles stated in the above cases, the learned authors
of Keith Tronc, Cliff Crawford and Doug Smith, _Search and Seizure in
Australia and New Zealand_ (LBC Information Services, 1996) (“ _Tronc,
Crawford & Smith_”) have similarly observed as follows (at p 21):

Once evidence has been [lawfully] seized ..., the general common law principle
is that the police are then entitled to retain it for as long as is
“reasonably necessary”, having regard to the interests of justice. In general
this will mean that they may retain it until the prosecution and trial of the
offence in relation to which it was seized.

28 It could be said that the courts’ recognition that there is a right to
access seized objects and that seizure does not destroy pre-existing
proprietary rights in those objects stems from the fundamental principle that
an individual’s home and property are inviolable save in exceptional
circumstances. This bedrock tenet of the law has been stated with clarity in
_Tronc, Crawford & Smith_ as follows (at p 1):

In the history of the common law, the privacy, security and integrity of a
citizen’s home and possessions have been fundamental rights. A person’s home
and possessions were not to be violated without compelling reasons.

29 Furthermore, the reason why law enforcement authorities have been conferred
powers of search and seizure (and retention) of objects is that this will
further the administration of criminal justice by facilitating the effective
investigation and prosecution of crimes. One way of achieving this objective
in the particular context of powers of search, seizure and retention is by
ensuring that relevant evidence is brought into the safekeeping of law
enforcement authorities for possible use in court or further investigations.
This principle has been recognised in several cases. In _The Queen v
Lushington, Ex Parte Otto_ [1894] 1 QB 420, Wright J stated (at 423–424):

In this country I take it that it is undoubted law that it is within the power
of, and is the duty of, constables _to retain_** _for use in Court_** _things
which may be_** _evidences of crime_** , and which have come into the
possession of constables without wrong on their part. I think it is also
undoubted law that when articles have once been produced in Court by witnesses
it is right and necessary for the Court, or the constable in whose charge they
are placed (as is generally the case), to preserve and retain them, so that
they may always be **_available for the purposes of justice until the trial is
concluded._** ... [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

30 In the landmark decision of _Ghani and Others v Jones_ [1970] 1 QB 693 (“
_Ghani v Jones_ ”), Lord Denning MR authoritatively declared that (at
706–709):

... I take it to be settled law, without citing cases, that the officers are
entitled to take any goods which they find in his possession or in his house
which they reasonably believe to be material evidence in relation to the crime
for which he is arrested or for which they enter. If in the course of their
search they come upon any other goods which show him to be implicated in some
other crime, they may take them provided they act reasonably _and detain them
no longer than is necessary._ ...

...

... We have to consider, on the one hand, the freedom of the individual. His
privacy and his possessions are not to be invaded except for the most
compelling reasons. On the other hand, we have to consider the interest of
society at large in finding out wrongdoers and repressing crime. Honest
citizens should help the police and not hinder them in their efforts to track
down criminals. Balancing these interests, I should have thought that, in
order to justify the taking of an article, when no man has been arrested or
charged, these requisites must be satisfied:

...

_Fourth_ : The police _must not keep the article, nor prevent its removal, for
any longer than is reasonably necessary to complete their investigations or
preserve it for evidence._**_If a copy will suffice, it should be made and the
original returned_** _. As soon as the case is over, or it is decided not to
go on with it, the article should be returned._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

This particular statement in _Ghani v Jones_ has been cited with approval on
various occasions: see, for instance, _Jaroo v Attorney General of Trinidad
and Tobago_ [2002] 1 AC 871 at [25]–[27], _Peter Settelen, Chakra Productions
Limited v The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis_ [2004] EWHC 2171 (Ch)
at [39]–[41], and United Kingdom, The Royal Commission on Criminal Procedure,
_The Investigation and Prosecution of Criminal Offences in England and Wales:
The Law and Procedure_ (Cmnd 8092-1, 1981) (Chairman: Sir Cyril Philips) at pp
12–13.

31 The courts in Canada and Australia have also affirmed that the powers of
search and seizure of law enforcement authorities are conferred upon them for
the effective administration of criminal justice. In the Canadian Supreme
Court decision of _The Attorney General of Nova Scotia and Ernest Harold
Grainger v Linden MacIntyre (The Attorney General of Canada, the Attorney
General for Ontario, the Attorney General of Quebec, the Attorney General for
New Brunswick, the Attorney General of British Columbia, the Attorney General
for Saskatchewan and the Attorney General for Alberta, and Canadian Civil
Liberties Association, interveners)_ [1982] 1 RCS 175, Dickson J noted at
179–180:

Search warrants are part of the investigative pretrial process of the criminal
law, often employed early in the investigation and before the identity of all
of the suspects is known. _Parliament, in furtherance of the public interest
in effective investigation and prosecution of crime, and through the enactment
of s. 443 of the Code, has legalized what would otherwise be an illegal entry
of premises and illegal seizure of property._ ...

_The search warrant in recent years has become an increasingly important
investigatory aid, as crime and criminals become increasingly sophisticated
and the incidence of corporate white collar crime multiplies._ The
effectiveness of any search made pursuant to the issuance of a search warrant
will depend much upon timing, upon the degree of confidentiality which attends
the issuance of the warrant and upon the element of surprise which attends the
search.

_As is often the case in a free society there are at work two conflicting
public interests. The one has to do with civil liberties and the protection of
the individual from interference with the enjoyment of his property. There is
a clear and important social value in avoidance of arbitrary searches and
unlawful seizures. The other, competing, interest lies in the effective
detection and proof of crime and the prompt apprehension and conviction of
offenders. Public protection, afforded by efficient and effective law
enforcement, is enhanced through the proper use of search warrants._

[emphasis added]

32 In _George v Rockett and Another Respondent_ [1990] 170 CLR 104, the High
Court of Australia observed as follows (at 110–111):

This appeal from the order of the Full Court turns on the construction of s.
679 of the Code. Section 10 of the _Crimes Act 1914_ (Cth) and s. 711 of _The
Criminal Code_ (W.A.) are in substantially the same terms. In reference to the
procedure for issuing a search warrant under s. 10 of the _Crimes Act_ , Mason
J. said in _Baker v. Campbell_ …

“For present purposes the important characteristics of the search warrant
procedure are that its foundation is the making of an order by a judicial
officer and that the warrant which issues by virtue of the order authorizes
the search and seizure of documents in the possession of another for use in
the investigation and in any subsequent trial arising out of the
investigation.”

A search warrant thus authorizes an invasion of premises without the consent
of persons in lawful possession or occupation thereof. The validity of such a
warrant is necessarily dependent upon the fulfilment of the conditions
governing its issue. _In prescribing conditions governing the issue of search
warrants, the legislature has sought to balance the need for an effective
criminal justice system against the need to protect the individual from
arbitrary invasions of his privacy and property. Search warrants facilitate
the gathering of evidence against, and the apprehension and conviction of,
those who have broken the criminal law. In enacting s. 679, the legislature
has given primacy to the public interest in the effective administration of
criminal justice over the private right of the individual to enjoy his privacy
and property._ ...

[emphasis added]

33 Based on the authorities cited above, it is clear that in the various
common law jurisdictions surveyed, the lawful seizure and retention of
property by law enforcement authorities _merely suspends_ the right to
possession or control of the said property during the material period. This
common law understanding strikes a balance between the _public interest_ of
having an effective criminal justice system and the _private interest_ of an
individual to protect his own property. This common law approach also serves,
in the present context, as an important point of reference when considering an
accused person’s right of access to his Category 1 Documents.

34 It was not (and could not be) disputed by the Applicants that law
enforcement authorities had the power to _deny access_ even to Category 1
Documents in certain circumstances. Such a power is ancillary to the powers of
search, seizure and retention of objects, because without a power to deny
access the latter powers may sometimes be nugatory. For this reason, the
_ambit_ of the power to deny, withhold, or restrict access to Category 1
Documents must necessarily be moulded and shaped by the public policy
objectives which underpin the powers of search, seizure and retention of
objects. These powers are essentially intended to facilitate the effective
administration of criminal justice (see [29]–[32] above).

35 If, however, the effective administration of criminal justice would _not_
be furthered by the denial of access to Category 1 Documents for the purpose
of making copies thereof, the law enforcement authorities _cannot_ lawfully
deny or withhold the exercise of the subsisting rights of individuals _vis-à-
vis_ those documents to that limited extent. It was this principle which
underpins the decision of the English Court of Appeal in _Arias_ (see
[21]–[22] above), and constitutes the practical content of the conceptual
understanding that the lawful seizure and retention of property by law
enforcement authorities _merely suspends_ the right to possession or control
of the said property by the owner.

The statutory entrenchment of the common law right of access to Category 1
Documents in other jurisdictions

36 I observed that in most common law jurisdictions today, this carefully
circumscribed common law right of access to Category 1 Documents has been
statutorily entrenched. In England, s 21 of the Police and Criminal Evidence
Act 1984 (c 60) (UK) (“PACE”) reads:

**Access and copying.**

**21.** —(1) …

...

(3) Subject to subsection (8) below, if a request for permission to be granted
access to anything which—

(_a_)has been seized by a constable ; and

(_b_)is retained by the police for the purpose of investigating an offence,

is made to the officer in charge of the investigation _by a person who had
custody or control of the thing immediately before it was so seized_ or by
someone acting on behalf of such a person, the officer _shall allow the person
who made the request access to it under the supervision of a constable._

…

(8) There is no duty under this section to grant access to, or to supply a
photograph or copy of, anything if the officer in charge of the investigation
for the purposes of which it was seized has _reasonable grounds for believing
that to do so would prejudice_ —

(_a_)that investigation;

(_b_)the investigation of an offence other than the offence for the purposes
of investigating which the thing was seized ; or

(_c_)any criminal proceedings which may be brought as a result of–

(i)the investigation of which he is in charge ; or

(ii)any such investigation as is mentioned in paragraph (_b_) above.

[emphasis added]

37 As Michael Haley stated in _The Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984: The
Solicitor’s Guide_ (Law Society’s Gazette, 1989) at para 4.06, s 21(3) of PACE
provides an owner or a person who has custody or control of the items
immediately before their seizure a right of supervised access to those items
seized and retained by the police. Such access can be denied pursuant to s
21(8) of PACE only if it is reasonably believed that allowing such access
would prejudice the investigation of the offence or another offence or
criminal proceedings arising out of investigation of these offences. The
present position in England, as contained in ss 21(3) and 21(8) of PACE, is
materially similar to the common law principles affirmed in _Arias_.

38 Section 3N of the Crimes Act 1914 (Cth) in Australia also provides that
certain persons have a right to obtain copies of seized objects.[note: 11] It
states as follows:

**Copies of seized things to be provided**

(1) Subject to subsection (2), if a constable seizes, under a warrant relating
to premises:

(a)a document, film, computer file or other thing that can be readily copied;
or

(b)a storage device the information in which can be readily copied;

the constable must, if requested to do so by the occupier of the premises or
another person who apparently represents the occupier and who is present when
the warrant is executed, give a copy of the thing or the information to that
person as soon as practicable after the seizure.

(2) Subsection (1) does not apply if:

(a)the thing that has been seized was seized under subsection 3L(1A) or
paragraph 3L(2)(b) or 3LAA(4)(b); or

(b)possession by the occupier of the document, film, computer file, thing or
information could constitute an offence.

39 Similarly, s 490(15) of the Canadian Criminal Code, RSC 1985, c C-46
reads:[note: 12]

Access to anything seized

(15) Where anything is detained pursuant to subsections (1) to (3.1), a judge
of a superior court of criminal jurisdiction, a judge as defined in section
552 or a provincial court judge may, on summary application on behalf of a
person who has an interest in what is detained, after three clear days notice
to the Attorney General, order that the person by or on whose behalf the
application is made be permitted to examine anything so detained.

40 Finally, in Hong Kong, s 32 of the Criminal Procedure Ordinance (Cap 221)
states:[note: 13]

Inspection of property, etc.

(1) Either party shall be at liberty to apply to the court or a judge for a
rule or order for the inspection, by himself or by his witnesses, of any real
or personal property, the inspection of which may be material to the proper
determination of the issue; and it shall be lawful for the court or judge, if
it or he thinks fit, to make such rule or order, on such terms as to costs and
otherwise as the court or judge may direct.

(2) In this section, “court” … includes the District Court and a magistrate.

41 In its submissions, the Prosecution appeared to suggest that the existence
of these statutory provisions meant that there was no prior common law right
of access to Category 1 Documents. In my view, this argument was a _non
sequitur_. In the abstract, the converse argument that the common law right
had merely been placed upon a statutory footing could also be forcefully made.
The Prosecution did not cite any legislative material from any of these
jurisdictions which indicated that those legislatures had taken the position
that there was no prior common law right or that a new right was being
statutorily created. In any event, such views would not be binding or even
persuasive, for the existence of common law rights would be a matter of
interpretation of case law by this court.

Conclusion on the common law right of access to Category 1 documents

42 In conclusion, I held that the common law does recognise and protect an
individual’s right of access in relation to Category 1 Documents, subject only
to overriding considerations pertaining to the administration of justice. The
onus is on the Prosecution to show that there is a reasonable basis for
denying such access. In the next section, I will explain why I decided that
the introduction of the 1985 CPC and the CPC 2010 had not affected or modified
this common law right.

43 Before I do that, however, I would like to highlight that the existence of
a common law right of access to Category 1 Documents appears to have been
accepted by the CAD itself, which generally acted in a manner which was
consistent with such a right. ASP Ho, who joined the CAD in August 2008,
stated that he was not aware of any written guidelines or standard operating
procedures in existence in the CAD with regard to the issue of dealing with
requests for access to and/or copies of seized documents by the owners of the
seized documents or their authorised representatives.[note: 14] However, ASP
Ho stated that based on his personal experience and observations, the usual
practice in the CAD was as follows:[note: 15]

(a) Where the suspects have not been formally charged in court yet, the CAD
will generally follow a three-stage process upon receipt of a request for
access to seized documents:

(i) Firstly, the CAD would ascertain the identity of the person making the
request. The CAD would generally only entertain requests from the owner of the
documents or from a party authorised by the owner of the documents.

(ii) Secondly, the CAD would consider the nature of the documents requested.
Access to the following categories of documents would normally be allowed:
personal documents such as medical records of the owner of the documents;
company documents which are necessary for on-going business; and company
records needed for filing of statutory returns and other purposes.

(iii) Thirdly, the CAD would consider whether there were any overriding legal
and/or public interest considerations which would make it necessary to refuse
access. Three examples of such considerations would be: (a) if there is a
suspicion that the documents may be used to commit further crimes; (b) if
there is a risk of tampering with witnesses; or (c) if access may prejudice
on-going investigations.

(b) Once the three-stage process is cleared, the CAD would arrange with the
person making the request for access to be given at a mutually suitable time
and place.

(c) Where the request is made after the suspects have been charged in court,
the same three-stage process applies. However, the CAD would also check if
allowing access would be contrary to any laws or procedures relating to the
criminal process. If, for example, the criminal disclosure regime in the CPC
2010 applies to the case at hand, then the CAD considers itself to be bound to
follow the said procedures. Access would only be allowed according to the
procedures as stated in the law.

44 It appeared to me, therefore, that the crux of the Prosecution’s objections
to the Application before me was in relation to the interface between statute
(_ie_ , the 1985 CPC or the CPC 2010) and the common law right (see [43(c)]
above), an issue which I would now address.

Issue 2: Whether the introduction of the CPC 2010 had affected and/or modified
the common law right

45 The Prosecution’s primary submission against allowing the Applicants access
to the Materials was that doing so would contravene Part IX of the CPC 2010
which dealt with pre-trial procedures in the Subordinate Courts. The
Prosecution submitted that the Applicants “made the informed decision, with
legal advice, to accept the benefits and burdens of the CCDC [regime]”[note:
16] pursuant to s 159 of the CPC 2010 and consequentially must abide by the
sequential process of disclosure in Part IX of the CPC 2010. Section 166 of
the CPC 2010 reads as follows:

**Time for service of other statements and exhibits**

**166.** —(1) Where the Case for the Defence has been served on the
prosecution, the prosecution must, within 2 weeks from the date of service,
serve on the accused copies of —

(_a_)all other statements given by the accused and recorded by an officer of a
law enforcement agency under any law in relation to the charge or charges
which the prosecution intends to proceed with at the trial;

(_b_)the documentary exhibits referred to in section 162(_d_); and

(_c_)criminal records, if any, of the accused, upon payment of the prescribed
fee.

(2) Where the Case for the Defence has not been served on the prosecution, the
prosecution —

(_a_)need not serve on the defence any of the statements, exhibits or records
referred to in subsection (1); and

(_b_)may use any such statements, exhibits or records at the trial.

46 The statutory context of s 166 of the CPC 2010 is as follows. Where the
criminal disclosure procedures under the CPC 2010 apply to a particular case
and the accused person claims trial, the Prosecution is obliged to serve a
Case for the Prosecution which contains the following documents (see s 162 of
the CPC 2010):

(a) the charge which the Prosecution intends to proceed with at the trial;

(b) a summary of the facts in support of the charge;

(c) a list of the names of the Prosecution’s witnesses;

(d) a list of the exhibits that are intended by the Prosecution to be admitted
at the trial; and

(e) any statement made by the accused at any time and recorded by an officer
of a law enforcement agency under any law, which the Prosecution intends to
adduce in evidence as part of the Case for the Prosecution.

It should be noted that the Case for the Prosecution contains a _list_ of
Prosecution exhibits and not copies of the actual exhibits. In most cases, the
accused person will then file a Case for the Defence which contains, _inter
alia_ , a summary of his defence to the charge as well as the facts in support
of his defence (see s 165 of the CPC 2010). Where the Case for the Defence is
served on the Prosecution, the Prosecution must serve the documents specified
in s 166(1) of the CPC 2010. For ease of reference, I will refer to the
documents specified in s 166(1) of the CPC 2010 as the “supplementary bundle”.
Section 166(2) of the CPC 2010 deals with the position where the Case for the
Defence is not served on the Prosecution.

47 Similar provisions are made for High Court pre-trial discovery in ss 176,
192, 193, 195 and 196 of the CPC 2010.

48 Turning back to the Prosecution’s arguments in this case, it argued that
since the Materials fell under the “documentary exhibits” in s 166(1)(_b_) of
the CPC 2010 which it intended to admit at the trial, the Materials need not
be disclosed to the Applicants unless and until they have submitted their Case
for the Defence. Given that s 166(2) of the CPC 2010 does not distinguish
between documents originating from the accused _vis-à-vis_ other documents in
the possession of the police or the Prosecution, the Prosecution submitted
that the procedural mechanism as set out in s 166(2) of the CPC 2010 should
apply regardless of the origin of the documents.[note: 17] The Prosecution
stressed that it was not objecting to the disclosure of the Materials _per se_
; rather, its position was that the Applicants must first file their Case for
the Defence before they are entitled to the Materials pursuant to Part IX of
the CPC 2010.[note: 18] It argued that allowing the Applicants to have access
to the Materials without the filing of their Case for the Defence would tamper
with and distort the procedures in Part IX of the CPC 2010.[note: 19]

49 Nonetheless, it was conceded by the Prosecution during the hearing on 25
October 2012 that s 166(2) of the CPC 2010 does vest in the Prosecution _a
continuing discretion_ to allow disclosure of documents which the Prosecution
would be relying on, even if the accused person seeking disclosure has not
served his Case for the Defence.[note: 20] In my view, this concession was
rightly made by the Prosecution given that s 166(2)(_a_) of the CPC 2010
merely provides that the Prosecution “need not serve on the defence” the
relevant documents; it does not use the phrase “ _shall_ not serve on the
defence”.[note: 21] In the absence of other indications of Parliamentary
intention, the wording of s 166(2)(_a_) falls far short of a statutory
injunction preventing the Prosecution from disclosing or allowing access to
Category 1 Documents. Indeed, the evident purpose of s 166(2), located as it
was in the structure of Part IX of the CPC 2010, was merely to make it clear
that the Prosecution is _not compelled_ under s 166(1) to serve the
supplementary bundle where the Case for the Defence has not been served on the
Prosecution.

50 Be that as it may, the continued existence of a discretion to allow or
withhold access to seized documents did not decisively resolve the issue
before me, which was whether the common law right of access to Category 1
Documents has been modified and/or affected in any way by the criminal
disclosure regime in the CPC 2010. There may sometimes be a vast difference in
practice between a discretion and a qualified right, particularly if the
principles governing the discretion place the onus on the applicant to show
why access should be granted. As I have pointed out, at common law the onus
was on the law enforcement authorities to show why access should be denied
(see [22] above). In my view, the common law right of access to Category 1
Documents has _not_ been modified and/or affected by the CPC 2010.

51 A crucial axiom that underlies my reasoning is the fundamental presumption
of statutory interpretation that Parliament would not have removed rights pre-
existing in common law if there was no express provision or clearly evinced
intention to that effect. In F A R Bennion, _Bennion on Statutory
Interpretation_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2008) (“ _Bennion_ ”), the learned author
stated (at p 812):

**Section 269. Law should not be subject to casual change**

(1) _It is a principle of legal policy that law should be altered deliberately
rather than casually, and that Parliament should not change either common law
or statute law by a sidewind, but only by measured and considered provisions.
In the case of common law, or Acts embodying common law, the principle is
somewhat stronger than in other cases._ It is also stronger the more
fundamental the change is.

(2) The court, when considering, in relation to the facts of the instant case,
which of the opposing constructions of the enactment would give effect to the
legislative intention, should presume that the legislator intended to observe
this principle. The court should therefore strive to avoid adopting a
construction which involves accepting that Parliament contravened the
principle.

[emphasis added]

As the learned author of _Bennion_ explained, the courts’ approach is as
follows (at p 812):

_The presumption that Parliament does not intend to make a radical change in
existing law by a sidewind arises from the nature of the legislative process.
It is, or should be, a serious business. Changes in the basic law, since they
seriously affect everybody, are to be carefully worked out. The more
fundamental the change, the more thoroughgoing and considered should be the
provisions by which it is implemented._ ...

...

Where these requirements are not met, the suspicion is raised that perhaps,
although the words of the enactment seem to point that way, Parliament did not
really intend a radical change in existing law. ...

[emphasis added]

52 This principle of statutory interpretation has consistently been accepted
and reiterated by the courts both in England and in Singapore. To cite just
one example, the Earl of Halsbury observed in _Leach v Rex_ [1912] AC 305 (“
_Leach_ ”) at 310–311 as follows:

... You must consider, when you are dealing with Acts of Parliament, and
examining what the effect of your proposed construction is, _whether or not
you are dealing with something that it is possible the Legislature might
either have passed by definite and specific enactment or have allowed to pass
by some ambiguous inference_.

Now, dealing with that question, I should have thought that it would occur not
only to a lawyer, but to almost every Englishman, that a wife ought not to be
allowed to be called against her husband, and that _those who are under the
responsibility of passing Acts of Parliament would recognize a matter of that
supreme importance as one to be dealt with specifically and definitely and not
to be left to inference_.

I think that observation is true also for this reason: that when you are
dealing with a question of this kind you cannot leave out of sight the
different enactments that have been passed upon this subject with a sort of
nomenclature of their own ; and speaking for myself, as an ordinary person, I
should have asked, when it was proposed to call the wife against the husband,
“Will you shew me an Act of Parliament that definitely says you may compel her
to give evidence? [B]ecause since the foundations of the common law it has
been recognized that that is contrary to the course of the law.” _If you want
to alter the law which has lasted for centuries and which is almost ingrained
in the English Constitution_ , in the sense that everybody would say, “To call
a wife against her husband is a thing that cannot be heard of,”—to suggest
that that is to be dealt with by inference, and that you should introduce a
new system of law without any specific enactment of it, seems to me to be
perfectly monstrous.

[emphasis added]

Lord Atkinson put this point in a slightly different way (at 311):

... The principle that a wife is not to be compelled to give evidence against
her husband is _deep seated in the common law of this country, and I think if
it is to be overturned it must be overturned by a clear, definite, and
positive enactment, not by an ambiguous one such as the section relied upon in
this case._ [emphasis added]

53 _Leach_ was quoted with approval by the High Court in _Zahrin bin Rabu v
Ying Tai Plastic & Metal Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd_ [1981–1982] SLR(R) 511 at
[19]. Another expression of this principle of statutory interpretation can be
found in _National Assistance Board v Wilkinson_ [1952] 2 QB 648 at 661, where
Devlin J held that it is “ _a well-established principle of construction that
a statute is not to be taken as effecting a fundamental alteration in the
general law unless it uses words that point unmistakably to that conclusion_ ”
[emphasis added]. Devlin J’s _dictum_ was quoted with approval by the Court of
Appeal in _Ying Tai Plastic & Metal Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd v Zahrin bin
Rabu_ [1983–1984] SLR(R) 212 at [19], and by Chao Hick Tin JA (dissenting on
the facts) in the Court of Appeal in _Ng Boo Tan v Collector of Land Revenue_
[2002] 2 SLR(R) 633 at [76]–[79].

54 Given this established statutory principle of interpretation, the burden
was on the Prosecution to convince the court that Parliament _had in fact
intended_ to exclude or restrict an individual’s common law right of access to
Category 1 Documents when it enacted the CPC 2010. This involved an exercise
of purposively interpreting the CPC 2010 and in particular the criminal
disclosure provisions contained therein. However, upon perusing the relevant
Parliamentary material, I was unable to locate any indication that this was
indeed Parliament’s intention. There was no mention in the legislative debates
of the common law right of access in relation to Category 1 Documents, let
alone an indication as to how this right was intended to be affected by the
introduction of the statutory criminal disclosure regime in the CPC 2010. It
was telling that the Prosecution did not point to any specific passage or
passages in the legislative debates leading up to the CPC 2010 in order to
support its argument. Furthermore, there was no specific provision in the CPC
2010 which was expressly inconsistent with the common law right of access to
Category 1 Documents. The provision which came the closest to this was s
166(2) of the CPC 2010, and the Prosecution had rightly conceded that it did
not prohibit disclosure of Category 1 Documents (see [49] above). In my view,
the reality was that Parliament, in enacting the criminal disclosure framework
now found in, _inter alia_ , Part IX of the CPC 2010, did not intend to
curtail this common law right which, as I have indicated (see [21]–[30]
above), is founded upon deeply engrained common law principles.

55 Furthermore, not only was I of the view that there was no evidence of
Parliamentary intention against the aforesaid presumption, I was also of the
view that there were positive signposts indicating why Parliament could not
have intended the criminal disclosure regime in the CPC 2010 to apply to
Category 1 Documents (as opposed to Category 2 Documents or Category 3
Documents). Properly construed, the sequential process of disclosure as
envisaged in, _inter alia_ , ss 162, 165 and 166 of the CPC 2010 (see
[45]–[46] above), does not indicate that there should be a prohibition on the
grant of access to Category 1 Documents which are seized by law enforcement
authorities prior to the filing of the Case for the Defence.

56 The purpose of the criminal disclosure regime in CPC 2010, in the words of
the Minister for Law, Mr K Shanmugam (“the Law Minister”), was to “introduce
greater transparency and consistency to the pre-trial process” (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (18 May 2010) vol 87 at cols 413–414).
The Law Minister explained:

_Disclosure is familiar to lawyers operating within the common law system. In
civil proceedings, the timely disclosure of information has_ **_helped parties
to prepare for trial and assess their cases more fully._**

_Criminal cases can benefit from the same approach._ However, discovery in the
criminal context would need to be tailored to deal with complexities of
criminal practice, such as the danger of witnesses being suborned.

To this end, Part IX of the Bill introduces a formalised framework _obliging
the prosecution and the defence to_** _exchange relevant information_** _about
their respective cases before trial. This will introduce_** _greater
transparency_** _and consistency to the pre-trial process._

After the charge is tendered against an accused, the prosecution is required
to provide the defence with a “Case for the Prosecution”. This document must
include information about the facts, witnesses and evidence supporting the
charge, together with the statements of the accused which the prosecution
intends to rely on at the trial.

The defence is then required to serve on the prosecution its “Case for the
Defence”. This document will, in turn, contain information about the facts,
evidence and witnesses that the defence will adduce at the trial.

After the “Case for the Defence” is served, the prosecution will then be
required to furnish to the defence all other statements made by the accused
person, documentary exhibits in the case for the prosecution, as well as the
accused person’s criminal records, if any.

The framework has a number of safeguards to try and prevent abuse. _The
sequential nature of the process protects the interests of prosecution and
defence._ The onus is on the prosecution to set out its case first, with the
accused’s statements that it is relying upon. _The provision of all statements
after the defence case is filed cuts down on opportunities to tailor
evidence_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

57 The Law Minister’s explanation provides the rationale behind the sequential
nature of the process of disclosure as envisaged in ss 162, 165 and 166 of the
CPC 2010 (see [45]–[46] above). Part IX of the CPC 2010 was intentionally
designed to avoid a situation where an accused person was given information
before he had put his defence on record thereby enabling _him to tailor his
evidence_ to fit the facts. This provides a coherent explanation as to why an
accused person is only entitled to obtain the supplementary bundle from the
Prosecution pursuant to s 166(1) of the CPC 2010 after he has served his Case
for the Defence.

58 The key distinction between (a) Category 1 Documents, and (b) Category 2
Documents and Category 3 Documents, is that Category 1 Documents comprise
documents which were _originally_ in the rightful possession or control of an
accused person prior to the lawful seizure of the said documents by law
enforcement authorities. But for the seizure of Category 1 Documents, these
documents could _ex hypothesi_ have been accessed whenever the accused person
wanted to do so and for whatever purpose he wished, including for example, the
preparation of his defence to charges or pending charges. He could use any or
all these documents as evidence in his defence. If he suspected that the law
enforcement authorities would soon arrive at his doorstep to seize documents,
he could, depending on the remaining time available to him, proceed to make
copies of any or all of the documents using photocopiers, cameras, scanners or
various other devices. If the relevant documents were stored electronically,
such copying could even be done with the click of a button, for example, the
accused person may send the documents by e-mail to another e-mail account or
to another person, or he may upload such documents onto the Internet.
Furthermore, given the evidence before the court on the CAD’s practice _vis-à-
vis_ seized documents (see [43] above), accused persons could obtain copies of
Category 1 Documents as they wished from the CAD which would usually accede to
such requests _prior_ to formal charges being preferred. Given the nature of
Category 1 Documents _vis-à-vis_ the accused person, it is not conceptually or
practically meaningful for the accused person to be denied access to Category
1 Documents before serving his Case for the Defence on the basis that doing so
would allow him to “tailor his evidence”.

59 Moreover, Parliament had also intended the changes to the CPC 2010 to
“introduce _greater transparency_ and consistency to the pre-trial process”
[emphasis added] (see [56] above), yet Category 1 Documents are, by
definition, documents to which the accused person had unfettered access prior
to seizure. It is thus difficult to see how the pre-trial _disclosure of
Category 1 Documents_ could be said to lead to “greater transparency”. By
contrast, it is perfectly understandable why there would be “greater
transparency” in respect of the disclosure of Category 2 Documents and
Category 3 Documents, because these types of documents would usually contain
information (a) which is unknown to the accused person, and/or (b) which could
not have been accessed by the accused person prior to the seizure. Thus, while
the language of s 166(1)(_b_) (read with s 162(_d_)) of the CPC 2010 provides
that the Prosecution must disclose as part of the supplementary bundle the
exhibits that are intended by the Prosecution to be admitted at the trial,
this should be read in a purposive manner to exclude Category 1 Documents. As
Chan Sek Keong CJ (as he then was) recently reiterated in _Adnan bin Kadir v
Public Prosecutor_ [2013] SLR 276 at [52], “[t]he courts must always consider
the purpose of the law and not simply the letter of the law”.

60 Furthermore, I was of the opinion that interpreting the pre-trial
disclosure regime such that the common law right of access to Category 1
Documents was not restricted or excluded would still leave room for the
sequential criminal disclosure process to operate in respect of Category 2
Documents and Category 3 Documents. Pursuant to s 166(1) of the CPC 2010, the
Prosecution is only compelled to disclose these documents (if they fall within
the specified categories under s 166(1)) to the accused person after he has
filed his Case for the Defence. Thus, the mere existence of the pre-trial
disclosure provisions in the CPC 2010 did not _necessarily_ mean that the
above-mentioned presumption had been rebutted, or that this was evidence of
Parliament’s intention to include Category 1 Documents in the pre-trial
disclosure provisions.

61 At this juncture, it is apposite to deal with the Prosecution’s argument
(which it raised in oral argument at the hearing on 25 October 2012) based on
_Public Prosecutor v Lo Ah Eng_ [1965] 1 MLJ 241 (“ _Lo Ah Eng_ ”) that the
CPC 2010 had impliedly repealed the common law right of access encapsulated in
_Arias_ (see [21]–[22] above). _Lo Ah Eng_ was a decision of the Malaysian
Federal Court on a criminal reference from the High Court of Kuching. The
question which was referred was whether, under the Evidence Ordinance of
Sarawak, a witness who, in the opinion of the trial judge, proved adverse to
the party calling him may be cross-examined by such party. The Federal Court
answered this question in the negative. Wylie CJ stated as follows in _Lo Ah
Eng_ (at 243):

Apart from the question whether there is an implied repeal of all common law
principles of evidence, where the ordinance has dealt with a particular
subject, that must clearly lead to the conclusion that the provisions of the
Ordinance on that subject are to replace the common law principles on the same
subject and so have impliedly repealed the latter.

62 In my view, this passage in _Lo Ah Eng_ did not provide any assistance to
the Prosecution’s argument on the facts of this case. The critical issue
before me was whether the CPC 2010 had “dealt with” the particular issue
before me, _viz_ , the circumstances in which access to seized objects could
be had. While I did not disagree with the statement of general principle in
_Lo Ah Eng_ , _viz_ , that where a statute has dealt with a particular subject
then the common law principles which pertain to the same subject are impliedly
repealed, the court’s reference to “particular subject” should not be read too
widely. Much would depend on the level of generality with which the term
“subject” is viewed. At the highest level of abstraction, it could be said
that since the CPC 2010 or the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”) deal
with the subjects of criminal procedure and evidence, _all_ common law rules
of criminal procedure and evidence are thereby impliedly repealed. However, to
adopt this approach would be to ascribe omniscience to Parliament. This would
sometimes be an unreasonable assumption. The case law is replete with examples
of the common law providing interstitial support or rules in the interests of
justice where the statutory language or purpose is silent: see, for instance,
_Kadar 1_. Indeed, the language of the CPC 2010 and the EA indicated that
Parliament did not intend that such an abstract approach to characterisation
should be adopted. Section 2(2) of the EA states:

All rules of evidence not contained in any written law, _so far as such rules
are inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Act_ , are repealed.
[emphasis added]

Similarly, s 6 of the CPC 2010 provides as follows:

**Where no procedure is provided**

**6**. As regards matters of criminal procedure _for which no special
provision has been made by this Code or by any other law_ for the time being
in force, _such procedure as the justice of the case may require, and which is
not inconsistent with this Code or such other law, may be adopted._

[emphasis added]

63 These provisions indicate that a more nuanced and specific inquiry must be
conducted in every case in order to determine whether a particular common law
rule is inconsistent with the CPC 2010 or the EA. It is plainly insufficient
to characterise a common law rule as being one of “evidence” or “criminal
procedure” in order to establish that the rule had been impliedly repealed or
excluded by Parliament.

64 As I have explained (see [51]–[60] above), there is no evidence to rebut
the presumption that Parliament did not intend to exclude or restrict the pre-
existing common law right of access to Category 1 Documents. Furthermore, what
evidence there is of Parliamentary intention indicates that the sequential
disclosure regime in Part IX of the CPC 2010 was not intended to apply to
Category 1 Documents (_ie_ , to impose any restrictions or conditions upon the
disclosure of Category 1 Documents). In the circumstances, there was no basis
for me to conclude that the common law right of access to Category 1 Documents
was _inconsistent_ with the CPC 2010.

65 For the sake of completeness, I should point out that the authors of _The
Criminal Procedure Code of Singapore: Annotations and Commentary_ (Jennifer
Marie & Mohamed Faizal gen eds) (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“ _CPC Commentary_
”) have suggested that the Court of Appeal decision in _Kadar 1_ had adopted
an overly narrow interpretation of the phrase “no special provision” in s 6 of
the CPC 2010. The authors of _CPC Commentary_ stated as follows (at para
01.052):

... In [_Kadar 1_], the court ruled that given the Code (and indeed, the old
CPC) made “no special provision” for the disclosure of unused material that is
_prima facie_ credible and relevant, it permitted the court to incorporate a
duty on the Prosecution to disclose a limited amount of unused material. In
coming to such a conclusion, it could be argued that the court in [_Kadar 1_]
was ascribing a relatively narrow interpretation to the phrase “no special
provision” since it could be plausibly argued that the provisions found in
Part IX (Subordinate Courts) and sections 176 to 196 (High Court) of the Code
are **_intended to delineate the duties on the part of both the Prosecution
and the Defence._** Therefore, **_by implication, given that there is a
legislative framework for the disclosure of certain documents, one plausible
viewpoint is that “no special provision” was provided for in the Code in
relation to the disclosure of unused material ... precisely because no such
legal duty was intended to be ascribed to regulate the disclosure of such
unused material._** Put another way, applying the maxim of statutory
interpretation of _expressio unius est exclusio alterius_ ..., one plausible
argument might be that because the Legislature would have expressly ascribed a
statutory discovery obligation on the Prosecution to disclose exculpatory
evidence if it intended to do so, **_the absence of_** _such a statutory
obligation may be_** _grounds for implying its intended exclusion._**
[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics and
underline]

The merits of this criticism of _Kadar 1_ were not before the court.
Nonetheless, in so far as this criticism suggested an alternative way of
interpreting s 6 of the CPC 2010, it was relevant to the issues before me in
the Application. In my view, the approach of the authors of _CPC Commentary_
was incorrect. Section 6 of the CPC 2010 appears to prescribe a two-stage
test: (a) has special provision been made for a matter of criminal procedure?
and (b) if not, is the proposed procedure to be adopted inconsistent with the
CPC 2010 or any other law? Where the first stage is concerned, it is only the
_absence_ of a provision on a particular, specific issue which will indicate
that “no special provision has been made” for that particular issue. Silence
cannot, _ex hypothesi_ , mean that special provision has been made. It is only
where a provision expressly dealing with that particular issue _exists_ that
“special provision _has been made_ ” [emphasis added].

66 It could be argued by the Prosecution, relying on the comments in _CPC
Commentary_ , that the maxim _expressio unius est exclusio alterius_ (_ie_ ,
to express one thing is to exclude another), should be applied in this case to
support its argument that the CPC 2010 had excluded and/or repealed the common
law right of access to Category 1 Documents. In my view, any such argument
would be misguided. It must be remembered that the touchstone of statutory
interpretation in Singapore is that of purposive interpretation, pursuant to s
9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed). The aforesaid maxim of
statutory interpretation was merely an aid in the process of discerning
legislative intention. The relevance of this maxim would depend on the facts
of a particular case and “operates only where not outweighed by other
interpretative factors” (_Bennion_ at p 1251). As mentioned above (at [54]),
in the context of the issues in this particular case, what was more relevant
in my view was the presumption that Parliament had not intended to exclude or
restrict pre-existing common law rights. In any event, I would add that the
maxim _expressio unius est exclusio alterius_ should not be uncritically
applied to any given case because what is crucial is to first determine what
it is that has been expressed, and this determination will have to be made
purposively. As I have indicated, the pre-trial disclosure provisions in the
CPC 2010, properly construed, do not apply to Category 1 Documents.

67 If I had agreed with the Prosecution’s interpretation of the applicability
of the criminal disclosure regime in the CPC 2010, it is not inconceivable
that the following state of affairs could possibly occur in the future. When
investigating a white-collar crime, the CAD may seize _all_ of a suspect’s
documents, and if the suspect does not subsequently opt out of the criminal
disclosure regime pursuant to s 159(2) of the CPC 2010, the Prosecution may
then rely on s 166(2) of the CPC 2010 to compel the accused to state his Case
for the Defence before his solicitors can even have sight of their client’s
own documents which will be used against him. Such a state of affairs would be
quite inappropriate bearing in mind the _raison d’être_ of the criminal
disclosure regime in the CPC 2010, which was intended to “introduce greater
transparency and consistency to the pre-trial process” (see [56] above). The
criminal disclosure regime in the CPC 2010 was clearly envisioned for defence
counsel to operate in a more level playing field; and it is hard to see how
this vision is consistent with a situation where defence counsel are required
to draft the Case for the Defence _without_ having sight of documents which
were in the rightful possession, custody or control of their clients prior to
seizure. Interpreting the CPC 2010 regime as restricting or excluding the
common law right of access to Category 1 Documents (which is itself not an
unqualified right) could therefore undermine the purpose of the amendments to
the CPC 2010 by reducing transparency in the criminal justice process, and it
would in effect create an unreasonable _disincentive_ for accused persons to
opt in the criminal disclosure regime _unless they have made copies of all
their documents prior to them being charged_. Accordingly, the courts should
not hold that the language of the CPC 2010 requires this questionable result
in the absence of clear evidence of Parliamentary intention to the contrary.
In any event, as I have pointed out, the language of the CPC 2010 does not
purport to have this effect (see [49] above).

68 To summarise, the position on criminal disclosure _as far as Category 1
Documents_ are concerned is as follows: the common law right of access of an
accused person in relation to Category 1 Documents remains in existence and
exists alongside the present criminal disclosure regime in the CPC 2010.

Issue 3: Whether, even if there was no such right at common law, it would be
in the interests of justice to recognise the existence of such a right

69 For the sake of completeness, I would also add that even if there was no
common law right vested in the Applicants to access or to make copies of the
Materials, I would have directed that pursuant to s 6 of the CPC 2010, the
justice of the case would require the Materials to be made available to the
Applicants in the light of the document-intensive nature of the pending
criminal proceedings against them. Section 6 of the CPC 2010 provides as
follows:

**Where no procedure is provided**

**6**. As regards matters of criminal procedure for which _no special
provision has been made by this Code or by any other law for the time being in
force_ , such procedure as the justice of the case may require, and _which is
not inconsistent with this Code or such other law, may be adopted._

[emphasis added]

70 Section 6 of the CPC 2010 is the successor to s 5 of the 1985 CPC. Section
5 of the 1985 CPC provided as follows:

**Laws of England, when applicable.**

**5**. As regards matters of criminal procedure for which no special provision
has been made by this Code or by any other law for the time being in force in
Singapore the law relating to criminal procedure for the time being in force
in England shall be applied so far as the procedure does not conflict or is
not inconsistent with this Code and can be made auxiliary thereto.

71 In this regard, it was clear that section 6 of the CPC 2010 is a much
broader section as compared to its predecessor both in terms of the areas of
law which the courts are allowed to consider, as well as in terms of the
courts’ discretion whether to apply those principles in Singapore. The authors
of _CPC Commentary_ correctly stated as follows (at para 01.051):

... With this amendment, the courts are no longer bound to consider, and
apply, the procedural laws of England whenever there exists a lacuna in the
criminal procedure [of Singapore].

Where previously _only_ English criminal procedure laws could be considered
whenever a lacuna in criminal procedure was encountered, the courts can now
adopt “such procedure as the justice of the case may require, and which is not
inconsistent with [the CPC 2010]”, expressly providing for the possible
contemplation of the interests of justice beyond merely the black-letter
criminal procedure laws originating in England. The touchstone was to adopt a
procedure that would allow the court to do _justice_ in the case.

72 In _Kadar 1_ , the Court of Appeal had the opportunity to consider s 6 of
the CPC 2010 and observed (at [105]) that the reference to what “the justice
of the case may require”, “must include procedures that uphold established
notions of a fair trial in an adversarial setting where not already part of
the written law”.

73 As to what notions of a fair trial embody, I found it helpful to refer to
the statement made by Lord Widgery CJ in _Regina v Her Majesty’s Coroner at
Hammersmith, Ex parte Peach (Nos 1 and 2)_ [1980] 1 QB 211 at 219 that “[i]t
is elementary that, if a charge is being made against a person, he must be
given a fair chance of meeting it. _That often means he must be given
documents necessary for the purpose_ ” [emphasis added]. More importantly, it
has been perceptively observed in John Arnold Epp, _Building on the decade of
disclosure in criminal procedure_ (Cavendish Publishing Limited, 2001) at p 33
that “[t]he interpretation of the concept of a fair trial has changed over
time … _the modern common law has concluded that an [accused person’s] right
to disclosure is an inseparable part of his right to a fair trial_.” [emphasis
added]

74 In my view, allowing access by an accused person to Category 1 Documents is
entirely consistent with notions of a fair trial. It would be inimical to
one’s sense of justice to prevent any right of access, whether supervised or
not, to an accused person of documents he had previously _owned_ or to which
he had a legal right to _possess_ or _control_ before they were seized from
him by law enforcement authorities, if there was no reasonable likelihood of a
threat to the countervailing public interest of upholding the administration
of criminal justice. Giving an accused person access to Category 1 Documents
would, _inter alia_ , allow him to better prepare his case, with the benefit
of material which he would have had access to but for the seizure and in
sufficient time, so that he may better put forward his defence against the
charges preferred against him at the trial. Bearing in mind the fundamental
point that it was Category 1 Documents (and not Category 2 Documents or
Category 3 Documents) which were in issue, it was only by allowing such access
that basic principles of due process could be adequately observed.

75 The crux of the Application before me was not one of giving an advantage to
the Defence to the detriment of the Prosecution but rather one of striking a
fair balance between the Defence and the Prosecution by upholding basic
principles of fair play while, as I have explained (see [61]–[67] above),
remaining within the legitimate margin of appreciation left by Parliament to
the courts. If the Prosecution reasonably believes that, on the facts of any
given case, the grant of access to Category 1 Documents would be contrary to
the public interest, it may always justify its position by reference to cogent
evidence (see [22] above). It would then be for the courts to decide, in
disputed cases, whether access should be granted at all or on terms.

76 _Given the immense public importance of criminal proceedings and of a
correct verdict (be it a conviction or an acquittal), the preparation of the
parties’ respective cases ought not to morph into a contest of memories
especially where complex and/or document-intensive commercial operations and
transactions are or may potentially be in issue._ As this case illustrated,
with about two years having elapsed since the search by the CAD to date, the
voluminous nature of the documents involved (the Seized Documents being
estimated to comprise of 197,240 individual documents), as well as the brevity
of the Receipts provided by the CAD, the Applicants were only able to make an
“educated guess” as to the contents of the documents seized from them and the
relevance of these documents to the criminal proceedings.[note: 22] Clearly
then, given the immense number of documents that might be potentially relevant
in white-collar crime cases, it would not serve the cause of justice for the
Applicants to be asked to commit themselves, based on their mere “educated
guess” to a particular position without any access to Category 1 Documents,
but to rely purely on memory and whatever documents they had managed to gain
access to prior to being charged with the Charges to construct a Case for the
Defence which they would eventually stand or fall by. While I noted the
Prosecution’s submission that the trial court would be unlikely to draw an
adverse inference against the Applicants if they put forward a case at trial
which “[differed] from or [was] otherwise inconsistent” with the Case for the
Defence (see s 169(1)(_c_) of the CPC 2010) given that they did not have sight
of Category 1 Documents (if the request for the Materials was denied), in my
view, there was still a possibility of injustice being occasioned to the
Applicants, and there was no reason why they should be put at risk of this
possibility crystallising. More fundamentally, it was difficult to see why, as
suggested by the Prosecution, it would be in the interests of justice for
accused persons to put forward an incomplete and/or inaccurate case initially
and then subsequently to change that case based on Category 1 Documents
disclosed in the supplementary bundle (even if such a shift in position did
not lead to substantive consequences). Not only would this lead to a
considerable waste of time and effort for defence counsel, the Prosecution and
the courts, it would also bring little credit to our criminal justice process.

77 As I have mentioned (see [67] above), the logical implication of the
position adopted by the Prosecution would mean that where law enforcement
authorities lawfully seize _all_ of a suspect’s documents, and if the suspect
does not opt out of the criminal disclosure regime in the CPC 2010, the
Prosecution could then rely on s 166(2) of the CPC 2010 to deny access to
Category 1 Documents until the accused states his Case for the Defence. The
practical consequence of accepting the Prosecution’s position as correct would
undoubtedly see accused persons making a beeline to frantically copy all
Category 1 Documents (or to request for access from the CAD for the purpose of
making copies thereof) before they were formally charged by the Prosecution in
order to ensure that they would have copies available when preparing their
Defence subsequently (see [58] above). Such an exercise would to a large
extent result in an unnecessary waste of resources and much inefficiency.

78 For the above reasons, I was of the view that had there not been a common
law right of access in relation to Category 1 Documents, it would have clearly
been in the interests of justice to recognise, pursuant to s 6 of the CPC
2010, the existence of such a right of access to Category 1 Documents by an
accused person for the purpose of making copies thereof, and that such right
would be curtailed only where there was a reasonable basis for believing that
such access would be inimical to the public interest (see above at [34]). For
the reasons which I set out earlier (see [54]–[60] above), such a right would
not be inconsistent with the CPC 2010.

Issue 4: Whether, on the facts, the Application should be granted

79 Before I explain why I decided that the Application should be granted, it
would be convenient at this juncture to first recapitulate the applicable
principles. I have held that at common law, there is a common law right of
access to Category 1 Documents which can be curtailed only to the extent that
there are reasonable grounds for believing that such access would be
prejudicial to the public interest. This common law right of access is not
inconsistent with the CPC 2010, and therefore remains in existence in
Singapore today. Even if there was no such right at common law, it would still
be in the interests of justice and would not be inconsistent with the CPC 2010
to create such a right pursuant to s 6 of the CPC 2010.

80 It is important to remember, however, that the threshold for lawful denial
of access, or for the imposition of restrictions on access, is an objective
threshold. A purely subjective belief on the part of the law enforcement
authorities and/or the Prosecution would not suffice. In this way, the common
law right of access to Category 1 Documents would not be rendered wholly
illusory. This view was echoed in David Feldman, _The Law Relating to Entry,
Search and Seizure_ (Butterworths, 1986) at para 11.23:

[The balance struck in _Arias_], or a similar [one], has been adopted by
Parliament in [s 21(3) of PACE]. ... _As at common law_ , the reasonable
grounds requirement for withholding access [in s 21(8) of PACE] is an
objective criterion, not lightly to be satisfied. ... It will not be enough
that investigations may be slightly delayed or officers inconvenienced. The
very success of the investigation, or the fairness of criminal proceedings,
must be brought into _serious doubt_ before it will be permissible to deny
access to a person otherwise entitled to it. [emphasis added]

81 Furthermore, in assessing whether such reasonable grounds have been made
out, the courts should in most cases be slow to find that such grounds exist
without cogent evidence to that effect. In _Arias_ (cited at [21] above), May
LJ observed as follows:

It is ... a strong thing to say not merely that ... officers are entitled to
retain the original documents which are potentially exhibits in subsequent
criminal proceedings, but also to contend that, at any rate for a substantial
period, the owners of those documents shall not even be entitled to look at
them or take copies of them. In my judgment, to make good that claim would
require substantially more cogent evidence than is available in the affidavits
sworn by the detective constable in the instant case.

I agreed with this formulation of the balancing test. The burden lies firmly
on the Prosecution to show cogent evidence that there was a reasonable
prospect of harm to the public interest in the administration of criminal
justice before law enforcement authorities could lawfully deny or restrict
access to Category 1 Documents. In cases of doubt, the Prosecution could apply
to the Subordinate Courts (or the High Court, depending on where the accused
person was charged) for a declaration that the proposed denial or restriction
of access was lawful in the circumstances. The person applying for access
would naturally have a right to be heard at this hearing.

82 Having said that, however, I would hasten to add that the precise scope and
ambit of this right (whether pre-existing at common law or created through s 6
of the CPC 2010) will necessarily be subject to further development and/or
reconsideration in line with the best traditions of the common law. To
paraphrase what the Court of Appeal stated in _Kadar 1_ at [113], there is
still ample scope for the development of the fine details in subsequent cases
or by legislative intervention.

83 On the present facts, there was no cogent evidence showing that the public
interest in the due administration of criminal justice (in terms of avoiding
the tampering or tailoring of evidence and the interference with police
investigations) would be harmed if the Applicants were allowed to access the
Category 1 Documents they had requested for in their Application (_ie_ , the
Materials as defined at [13(b)] above). As the Applicants rightly explained in
their submissions, “[t]he originals of the Materials would reside in the
Police/Prosecution’s possession, and there would be no danger of tampering
with any evidence as the Police/Prosecution would have the originals of every
copy of the Materials provided to the Applicants”.[note: 23] Indeed, if the
copies were taken by the Applicants under supervision by the CAD, the risk of
interference and/or tampering with the originals would be low or even
negligible. The Applicants added that “[t]here [would] also [be] no danger of
the Applicants tailoring their Defence as the contents of the Materials [were
already] known, [was previously] produced and still [belonged] to the
Applicants”.[note: 24] In the absence of any submission or affidavits by the
Prosecution and/or the CAD to show a reasonable belief that the effective
administration of criminal justice would be thwarted or undermined and the
basis of such belief (save for one submission which I will set out at [84]
below), there was no reason for me not to grant the Application.

84 The Prosecution objected in its written submissions to the Applicants
having access to the human resource files of various employees (see Schedule A
of the Application, documents (y) to (ss)) (“the HR files”), because it feared
that the personal information of the Prosecution’s witnesses contained in the
HR files could easily be used for an inappropriate purpose such as interfering
with witnesses.[note: 25] The Prosecution argued that, as a matter of
principle, the Applicants should not have access to such personal information
without showing why the information was relevant, necessary and desirable for
the preparation of their Case for the Defence, and that allowing such access
would set a “dangerous precedent”.[note: 26] I therefore offered an
opportunity to the Prosecution to explain in greater detail the public
interest considerations and the factual bases thereof in support of their
position that access should not be given to the HR files. At the hearing on 25
October 2012, I accordingly granted leave to the Prosecution to file an
affidavit by 31 October 2012, stating its objections against access to the HR
files for purposes of making copies of them, failing which these had to be
disclosed to the Applicants.[note: 27] I noted that in a letter dated 31
October 2012, the Prosecution stated that upon a review of the contents of the
HR files it did not think that there were any reasons for treating them
differently from the rest of the Materials, and that it would therefore not be
filing any affidavit to resist access to the HR files.

85 While I noted that the Prosecution expressed doubts as to whether some of
the Materials were truly relevant to the Applicants’ preparation of their
defence against the Charges, I was of the opinion that relevance was not an
element of the test to determine whether access to Category 1 Documents should
be denied to the Applicants. As emphasised above (at [79]), it is only where
there is cogent evidence of prejudice to the effective administration of
criminal justice that the Applicants’ _prima facie_ right of access to
Category 1 Documents could be denied.

Conclusion

86 For the reasons above, I held in favour of the Applicants and allowed their
application.

* * *

[note: 1]Applicants’ submissions dated 28 Aug 2012 at Tab A.

[note: 2]Affidavit of Timothy Nicholas Goldring dated 13 Aug 2012 at para 9.

[note: 3]Affidavit of Timothy Nicholas Goldring dated 5 Oct 2012 at paras 9
and 11.

[note: 4]Affidavit of Timothy Nicholas Goldring dated 5 Oct 2012 at para 7.

[note: 5]Affidavit of Timothy Nicholas Goldring dated 13 Aug 2012 at para 11.

[note: 6]Affidavit of Timothy Nicholas Goldring dated 13 Aug 2012 at p 56.

[note: 7]Affidavit of Timothy Nicholas Goldring dated 5 Oct 2012 at para 19.

[note: 8]Affidavit of Timothy Nicholas Goldring dated 5 Oct 2012 at para 22.

[note: 9]Applicants’ submissions dated 5 Oct 2012 at [5]-[7].

[note: 10]Prosecution’s submissions dated 5 Oct 2012 at [8].

[note: 11]Prosecution’s submissions dated 5 Oct 2012 at [38].

[note: 12]Prosecution’s submissions dated 5 Oct 2012 at [48].

[note: 13]Prosecution’s submissions dated 5 Oct 2012 at [41].

[note: 14]Affidavit of Ho Ban Hsiung dated 4 Oct 2012 at paras 4-5.

[note: 15]Affidavit of Ho Ban Hsiung dated 4 Oct 2012 at paras 6-13.

[note: 16]Prosecution’s submissions dated 3 Sept 2012 at [20].

[note: 17]Prosecution’s submissions dated 5 Oct 2012 at [13] and [77].

[note: 18]Prosecution’s submissions dated 5 Oct at [86].

[note: 19]Prosecution’s submissions dated 5 Oct at [86].

[note: 20]Notes of Evidence, 25 Oct 2012, at pp 12, 15-16.

[note: 21]Applicants’ submissions dated 12 Oct 2012 at [86].

[note: 22]Affidavit of Timothy Nicholas Goldring dated 5 Oct 2012 at paras
8-9.

[note: 23]Applicants’ submission dated 5 Oct 2012 at [52].

[note: 24]_Ibid_.

[note: 25]Prosecution’s submissions dated 12 Oct 2012 at [47].

[note: 26]Prosecution’s submissions dated 12 Oct 2012 at [47].

[note: 27]Oral Judgment delivered by V K Rajah JA on 25 Oct 2012, at [6].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Apr 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

