Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  See Fong Mun _v_ Chan Yuen Lan  
[2013] SGHC 99

Case Number| :| Suit No 298 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 May 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Seng Siew (instructed), Lai Swee Fung and Susan Tay
(UniLegal LLC) for plaintiff; Jones Simon Dominic and Jayagobi s/o Jayaram
(Grays LLC) for defendant.  
Parties| :|  See Fong Mun — Chan Yuen Lan  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 64 of
2013 was allowed in part by the Court of Appeal on 24 June 2014. See [2014]
SGCA 36.]

6 May 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is a case about an old folks’ home – a very large and expensive house
located at 24 Chancery Lane (“24 Chancery Lane”) purchased for $1,831,758.90
in August 1983 by the 86-year-old plaintiff, then 55 years old, in the sole
name of his wife, the 88-year-old defendant, then 57 years old. The plaintiff
claimed that 24 Chancery Lane is presently worth about $20 million, although
no formal valuation was conducted before trial. The parties married more than
50 years ago and have three children. The eldest, a son named See Hang Chong
(also known as Cliff) (“Hang Chong”), is 55 years old. Their daughter See Seow
Meng (“Seow Meng”) is 53 years old, and their youngest son, See Hung Yee
(“Hung Yee”), is 51 years old. The plaintiff retired many years ago. He rose
from being a machinist to an owner of a machine repair shop, and eventually
developed that into a successful engineering business. He was a thrifty man,
and by 1955 he had bought his first property, a house at 11 Borthwick Drive
(“the Borthwick property”). The defendant was a hairdresser before she married
the plaintiff.

2 The plaintiff married the defendant in 1957. After they got married, they
lived in a rented unit at 15A, Lorong 40 Geylang (“the Geylang property”) and
sometime in 1967 the plaintiff bought the Geylang property from their
landlord. The plaintiff paid $20,000 for it. In 1969 the plaintiff bought two
properties in his sole name: a house at 100 Joo Chiat Walk (“the Joo Chiat
property”) and a house at 41 Goldhill Avenue (“the Goldhill property”). The
plaintiff is still the owner of the Goldhill property. It is on a 4,500 square
feet piece of land and cost $65,500 in 1969. The plaintiff sold the Geylang
property in 1972 for $60,000 and gave $20,000 to the defendant.

3 The plaintiff incorporated two companies: See’s Engineering Company Pte Ltd
(“SEPL”) for his engineering business and Tat Mun Pte Ltd (“TMPL”) for
managing his property investments. The Borthwick property and Joo Chiat
property were transferred to TMPL. The Goldhill property was not transferred
to TMPL and was used as what the plaintiff called the “family home”. TMPL
subsequently bought more properties, including two units in People’s Park
Centre held in TMPL’s name.

4 When the plaintiff purchased 24 Chancery Lane, he claimed that he had to
scrape together the money which included a $290,000 loan from the defendant
and $800,000 in bank loans. The property was purchased in the defendant’s sole
name but she signed a Power of Attorney on 15 October 1983 (the “POA”), three
days before the completion of the purchase of the property. She granted full
powers in the POA to the plaintiff and Hang Chong to:

... take charge of, manage and improve my property known as 24 Chancery Lane
Singapore (Lot 590112 Town Subdivision-XXVIII) ...

The family then moved from the Goldhill property to 24 Chancery Lane after the
completion of renovation works.

5 The parties’ respective claims were for the full beneficial interest of 24
Chancery Lane and nothing in between. The plaintiff claimed to be the sole
beneficial owner on the ground of a resulting trust on account of having paid
the entire purchase price of the property. The plaintiff testified that he
brought this action only because the defendant revoked the POA on 5 April
2011. He thus sought a declaration that the defendant was holding 24 Chancery
Lane by way of a resulting trust for him. The defendant counterclaimed that
she was the full beneficial owner of the property and denied any trust in
favour of the plaintiff. The defendant disputed that the property was
purchased solely with the plaintiff’s money and claimed that she had paid a
substantial sum for the property. In the alternative, the defendant relied on
the doctrine of presumption of advancement “to remedy what would be a highly
unjust operation of the presumption of resulting trust”. The defendant pleaded
in her Defence and Counterclaim and deposed in her affidavit of evidence-in-
chief (“AEIC”) that the plaintiff had started an affair with his secretary,
one Chew Teck Ching (“Chew”), in about 1979 or 1980, and that he stopped
having dinner with his family and came home very late at night. The defendant
then suggested that “for his own safety, the [p]laintiff should stay overnight
with his mistress, rather than travel late at night”. Thus, from 1981 or 1982
the plaintiff “ceased to stay at the family home, and began to live openly
with [Chew]”. In 1983, when the plaintiff had been living with Chew for more
than two years, the defendant began to feel “very vulnerable”. She deposed
that because the Goldhill property was registered in the plaintiff’s sole
name, she needed financial security for herself and her children after the
plaintiff started his affair with Chew. When the plaintiff asked her for money
to buy 24 Chancery Lane, she replied with words to the effect of “my money, my
name”. While she claimed to have contributed a “substantial sum” towards the
purchase of the property, she was not able to state how much she gave him,
whether in her pleadings or in her evidence-in-chief.

6 It was not disputed that Hang Chong had been responsible for arranging the
finances for the purchase of 24 Chancery Lane, and Hang Chong’s AEIC contained
an account of the purchase money for 24 Chancery Lane, which was adopted in
full by the plaintiff. The accounts credited the defendant as having loaned
the plaintiff $290,000 and recorded that the plaintiff contributed $741,758.90
in cash from his CPF and bank accounts (this included a small sum of $10,000
from Hang Chong, who, in any event did not make a claim to the property and
appeared happy to attribute this to his father). The purchase was also funded
by a $400,000 overdraft that was taken out in the name of TMPL and a $400,000
seven year term loan in the defendant’s name from HSBC Bank (“HSBC”). The
plaintiff claimed that the loan from the defendant had been repaid, and Hang
Chong gave evidence that he had issued a cheque to the plaintiff for the
repayment of the defendant’s loan from the proceeds of sale of the Joo Chiat
property in 1986. The plaintiff also adduced in evidence a memorandum which
was signed by all three children and dated 21 August 1988 (the “Chancery Lane
Memo”). The Chancery Lane Memo reads as follows:

TO MY BELOVED CHILDREN HANG CHONG, SEOW MENG, HUNG YEE

I, SEE FONG MUN, NOW INFORM ALL OF YOU THAT I HAVE PURCHASE WITH MY MONEY A
BUNGALOW AT 24 CHANCERY LANE. (“THE PROPERTY”) AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE YOUR
MUM CHAN YUEN LAN REQUESTED IF I CAN PUT THE PROPERTY IN HER NAME SO SHE CAN
BRAG TO HER FRIENDS SINCE SHE SAY ALL HER FRIENDS ALL HOLD PROPERTY IN THEIR
NAMES. I AGREED TO HER REQUEST ON CONDITION SHE SIGNS A SEPARATE LEGAL
DOCUMENT CONFIRMING I’M THE SOLE AND ULTIMATE OWNER OF THE PROPERTY AND SHE’S
MERELY HOLDING THE PROPERTY ON MY BEHALF. YOUR MUM HAS AGREED TO THIS
ARRANGEMENT AND HAVE SIGNED THIS LEGAL DOCUMENT WHICH I HAD A LAWYER PREPARED.

THIS MEMO IS FOR ALL OF YOU TO ACKNOWLEDGE AND CONFIRM MY OUTRIGHT OWNERSHIP
OF THE PROPERTY AND TO GUARANTEE ME NONE OF YOU WILL GO TO YOUR MOTHER TO LAY
CLAIM OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECT TO THE PROPERTY AT ANYTIME.
EVEN IF YOUR MOTHER WERE TO OPENLY OR SECRETLY GIVE, BY WHICHEVER MEANS, THE
PROPERTY TO ANY OR ALL OF YOU, ALL OF YOU WILL AND IS OBLIGED TO REFUSE YOUR
MUM. SHOULD ANY OR ALL OF YOU ACCEPT THE PROPERTY FROM YOUR MUM THEN YOU WILL
BE IN BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT MEMO IN WHICH CASE EVERY ONE OF YOU WILL
UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY RETURN YOUR ILL GOTTEN SHARE OF THE PROPERTY
IN ITS ENTIRETY BACK TO ME WITHOUT MY DEMAND. YOU ALL MUST UNDERSTAND THAT
THIS PROPERTY IS A GUARANTEE FOR MY RETIREMENT NEST EGG. PLEASE SIGN BELOW
CONFIRM YOUR FULL UNDERSTANDING AND ACCEPTANCE OF ABOVE.

YOUR FATHER

[signed]

21 AUG 88

The defendant was unable to give any evidence relating to the Chancery Lane
Memo as she could not recall anything about this document. Hung Yee asserted
that the memo was forged and that the text was written over company paper
which the three See siblings had previously signed in blank as directors for
the purpose of recording directors’ resolutions for the family companies. He
pointed to a similar signed memo, also dated 21 August 1988, that declared the
plaintiff’s intention to distribute his shares in TMPL and SEPL to the three
children (“the Share Memo”). Hung Yee claimed that Hung Chong’s signature
overlapped with the last line of the text in the Share Memo, which gave rise
to the inference that the text was inserted only after a blank sheet of paper
had been signed by the children. Hang Chong testified that the Chancery Lane
Memo was in his handwriting and that he had written it as his father dictated
the contents to him in Cantonese. He further testified that they had all
signed the two documents on the same day. The plaintiff had purportedly
requested them to sign the Chancery Lane Memo and Share Memo in 1988 as Hung
Chong had told the plaintiff that he (Hung Chong) wanted to move to the United
States. The plaintiff was upset by the decision and wanted the children to
make certain acknowledgements about the shareholdings in the family companies
and the family home as they did not wish to continue staying with him.

7 The only evidence before me regarding whether the Chancery Lane Memo was
forged was thus the conflicting assertions of Hang Chong and Hang Yee. The
original documents of the Chancery Lane Memo and the Share Memo were not
produced before me and I was unable to draw any conclusions from the face of
the Chancery Lane Memo. While Seow Meng, another signatory to the document,
could have given evidence, she was not called as a witness by either party. In
the light of the limited evidence before me on this issue, I generally
preferred the evidence of Hang Chong over that of Hang Yee. If Hang Yee
claimed that the document was forged, the burden was on him to prove this on a
balance of probabilities. As neither account was inherently unbelievable, my
finding could only be based largely on credibility. The overall tenor of Hang
Chong’s evidence appeared to me to be forthright and sincere, whereas Hung Yee
seemed overly anxious to claim that 24 Chancery Lane belongs to the defendant
solely and gave carefully qualified answers. He was openly hostile to his
father whereas Hang Chong was not at all hostile to his mother. While critical
of his brother, he also did not show the same degree of hostility that his
brother showed in his attitude towards him in court. I find Hang Chong a more
measured and candid witness, and see no positive reason to believe the bare
allegations made by Hang Yee.

8 I accept the plaintiff’s and Hang Chong’s evidence that the purchase price
of 24 Chancery Lane was scraped together by the plaintiff from various sources
as exhibited by the notes in Hang Chong’s AEIC indicating the specific amounts
of money from the diverse sources. I find that it was the plaintiff who made
payment in full for all the loans, including the loan given by the defendant
and the loans from HSBC. I do not consider that the sum of $290,000, which the
plaintiff acknowledged was from the defendant, should constitute a direct
contribution to the purchase price as it was advanced to the plaintiff as a
loan and repaid. Although the defendant disputed that the plaintiff repaid the
$290,000 loan and the plaintiff was, unsurprisingly, unable to produce
receipts of an event that occurred over 20 years ago, I incline towards the
plaintiff’s account against the defendant’s vague assertions. The defendant
did not provide any evidence to the contrary or allude to any requests for
repayment over the years that were ignored by the plaintiff.

9 The $400,000 term loan was in the defendant’s name and the $400,000
overdraft was in TMPL’s name; as the plaintiff was not legally liable for the
loans, the subsequent repayments of the loans cannot _prima facie_ be
attributed to the plaintiff as direct contributions to the purchase price of
24 Chancery Lane. However, I am satisfied that at the time of the purchase of
the property, the parties had agreed that the plaintiff would repay the
$400,000 term loan. I am not convinced by the defendant’s contrary contention
that it was agreed that the defendant would pay off the loan instalments using
her dividends or salaries from the family companies. The $290,000 represented
the defendant’s entire savings then, and she was not able to adduce any
evidence to show her actual financial status at that point of time or give a
cogent reason why the parties would have reasonably accepted that she had the
means to repay the loan. It was not disputed that the defendant stopped
working as a hairdresser shortly after she married the plaintiff. She claimed
that she stopped work in April 1958 soon after the birth of Hung Chong, while
the plaintiff claimed that the defendant stopped work when they got married in
1957. The defendant stated in her AEIC that she entered the marriage with
substantial savings from her earnings as a hairdresser, but she did not
provide any details on this. In view of the 25 years of marriage that had
elapsed when 24 Chancery Lane was purchased, it would be fair to infer that
the plaintiff was the sole income earner in the marriage save for a brief
period (accepting the defendant’s account) of about a year and that he took on
the primary duty of contributing to the family finances. During cross-
examination, the defendant also claimed that it was the plaintiff who arranged
the term loan and handled all matters. I was generally reluctant to give more
than limited weight to the defendant’s vague and confused answers in respect
of the matters that occurred in 1983 but I accepted that this was an
instinctive response that reflected the way the parties had structured their
relationship over the years, with the plaintiff acting as a patriarch who
controlled all the family’s finances. I therefore think it implausible that
the parties would have agreed that the defendant, who was dependant on the
household income that the plaintiff gave her, would be responsible for
discharging the term loan, and I find that the plaintiff’s direct contribution
to the purchase price includes the amounts that he paid towards discharging
the term loan pursuant to the parties’ agreement that he would be responsible
for servicing the loan. With respect to the $400,000 overdraft that was
extended to TMPL, I accept Hung Chong’s evidence that the overdraft was only
intended to be used as bridging finance and that it was discharged within two
and half months in December 1983 using the sale proceeds from the Borthwick
property. Although TMPL was legally liable to pay the loan and had legal
ownership of the Borthwick property, the plaintiff was at the material time
the owner of all but one of TMPL’s 50,002 issued shares, and it was not
disputed that the plaintiff controlled the company. For all intents and
purposes, TMPL could be equated to the plaintiff, and it would be entirely
artificial to consider that the liability undertaken for the $400,000
overdraft was not a direct contribution of the plaintiff.

10 There was also no credible evidence to indicate that the defendant had in
fact contributed to the payment of the HSBC loans. The defendant, though able
to understand the Cantonese interpreter and answer questions, appeared weak in
body and mind. She was alert but her memory was faulty and unreliable, and she
was able to provide very little evidence on the accounts leading up to and
after the purchase of 24 Chancery Lane. Although she claimed at trial that she
had sold her house to pay for 24 Chancery Lane, the only available evidence
indicated that the property she was referring to was the Geylang property sold
in 1972. Save for Hung Yee’s assertions that it was “well known within the
family that [his] mother contributed a substantial sum towards her purchase of
the property, and then reached an arrangement with [his father] regarding the
subsequent mortgage repayments”, the defendant had very little to rely on to
show that she had made direct contributions to the purchase of 24 Chancery
Lane either through immediate financial contributions at the time of
acquisition or subsequent repayment of the loans. Hung Yee only returned to
Singapore after the purchase of the property and did not have any personal
knowledge. So far as the facts are concerned, I am thus of the view that the
plaintiff paid for the entire purchase price of 24 Chancery Lane.

11 The defendant further claimed that the entire beneficial interest of the
property should be deemed to have been intended as a gift to her under the
presumption of advancement. Presumably, from the evidence that the defendant
led, her case was that the plaintiff gave her 24 Chancery Lane because he felt
guilt-ridden by his affair with Chew. It is a possible reason but one that I
think is inherently improbable given the surrounding circumstances. Accepting
the defendant’s case at its highest, even if the plaintiff had started his
affair with Chew in 1979 and moved out of the house in 1982, there was no
convincing reason why the plaintiff would spend so much money and incur
substantial financial risks so that he could give a large house to a woman
with whom his marriage existed in name only. A man nearing retirement age who
had just fallen in love with another woman was unlikely in the circumstances
to scrape together a $1,800,000 fund from multiple sources to buy a house,
which would undoubtedly have been his most expensive acquisition, as a gift to
the wife. It might be more plausible if he had a lot more money to spare, but
while I accept that he was a wealthy man, he was not of such means that he
could readily purchase a bungalow for his wife out of sheer conscience or
moral responsibility. The evidence in support of the defendant’s position is
thus, in my view, very weak on the defendant’s own account of the relationship
of the parties at the time and in the circumstances. The facts surrounding the
acquisition – the plaintiff used up his entire CPF savings to finance the
purchase, sold the Borthwick property, discharged the loans of $800,000, and
spent $300,000 on renovations for the property – inclines me to the view that
the presumption of advancement has been rebutted by evidence pointing towards
the implausibility of the defendant’s case that the plaintiff should be taken
to have purchased the property for her sake only.

12 I also find that there is sufficient evidence to support the plaintiff’s
case that the parties’ agreement at the time of purchase was that the
plaintiff would be the owner of the property, even though the legal title
would be in the defendant’s sole name. The plaintiff adduced evidence relating
to the discussions that the parties had before purchasing 24 Chancery Lane and
the contemporaneous creation of the POA. According to the plaintiff, the
defendant had requested him to put the property in her name as the husbands of
all her friends had done so and she wished to flaunt it to her friends. The
plaintiff explained that the POA was signed following a family meeting where
he had agreed to put the property in her name on condition that she executed a
document acknowledging that the property belonged to him. Hang Chong also
testified that he was present at the meeting and corroborated the plaintiff’s
account of the agreement. The defendant’s case, as set out earlier, was that
when the plaintiff approached her for money, she said “my money, my name” and
the plaintiff agreed. The defendant did not deny that she had signed the POA
but claimed that she did not know it was a POA as it was in English and was
never explained to her; in her AEIC, she averred that she had thought that it
was merely a document relating to the purchase of the property. Under cross-
examination, she said she could not remember about any POA being given. Her
memory, both long term and short, failed her at trial, but it could also be
that there was no substantial evidence for her to recall. Hung Chong, who was
present at the time the POA was signed, claimed in his AEIC that the POA was
explained to the defendant in Cantonese. Given the defendant’s position, the
burden fell on her to call the lawyer who completed the conveyance to testify
but she did not do so. Unless the contrary is proved, the court must assume
that the lawyer in those circumstances would have explained the nature of the
document before obtaining the defendant’s signature, and that the legal
document that ostensibly bears the defendant’s signature is _prima facie_
evidence that the defendant acceded to the contents. I am of the opinion that
the POA, when viewed in the light of the circumstances at the time of
purchase, supports the plaintiff’s account that he did not intend to make an
outright gift to the defendant and that the defendant had accepted that
arrangement. I am of the opinion that the defendant’s account that the
plaintiff took $290,000 from her, which was less than 20% of the purchase
price of the property, in exchange for placing the property in her sole name
was neither realistic nor credible. Likewise, the Chancery Lane Memo, while
admittedly not directly acknowledged by the defendant and signed only five
years after the purchase of the property, undermined Hung Yee’s contention
that it was always understood by the family that 24 Chancery Lane was owned
fully by the defendant. I would add that, nevertheless, I find little
probative value to this document as the Chancery Lane Memo was of limited
relevance in discerning the plaintiff’s or defendant’s intentions at the time
of purchase and had only been adduced primarily to support the plaintiff’s
original pleading that Hung Yee was exercising undue influence on the
defendant. The plaintiff subsequently did not pursue this line of argument.

13 Considering the totality of the evidence before me, I think that the
evidence leans in favour of the plaintiff’s case. I am also of the view
overall that the plaintiff and Hang Chong were more forthright and reliable
witnesses than Hung Yee, who could only provide hearsay evidence. The
defendant was an unreliable witness because under cross-examination she
appeared to have such poor memory that her evidence was unhelpful and
unreliable. In my judgment, there is sufficient evidence to infer that the
plaintiff purchased 24 Chancery Lane with the intention that he would be the
full beneficial owner and that the plaintiff and defendant had reached an
agreement prior to the acquisition of the property. I find that when 24
Chancery Lane was purchased, it was intended to be used jointly as the
matrimonial home – the entire family moved to 24 Chancery Lane from the
Goldhill property, and all three children lived there when they returned to
Singapore after completing their studies overseas. Although the plaintiff had
an affair, he did not divorce the defendant and as far as the family was
concerned, 24 Chancery Lane remained the matrimonial home. The plaintiff might
not presently live there but he retains his room and study there. The
plaintiff maintained at trial – and I believe him – that 24 Chancery Lane is
the family home and he has no intention of selling the property as long as the
defendant is alive. Neither would the defendant be evicted or compelled to
leave the house. That intention withstood the passage of time from 1983 to
this day. For her part, the defendant lived in that house from the day she
moved in and remained until these legal proceedings were commenced. The
situation would have continued without disturbance had the defendant not
abruptly revoked the POA. She claimed that she feared that the plaintiff was
going to sell the property. The plaintiff denied this was so. The defendant’s
only basis for her claim was that she had received enquiries from estate
agents for the sale of the property. No specific evidence was led on this
point except for Hung Yee’s vague comments at trial that property agents had
made some enquiries over the sale of 24 Chancery Lane.

14 Having made these findings of fact on the intentions of the plaintiff and
defendant in relation to the ownership of 24 Chancery Lane at the time of the
acquisition of the property, it leaves me now to consider the small matter of
the law. The parties fought this case as a battle of presumptions; the
plaintiff relied on the presumption of resulting trust from his contribution
to the purchase price and the defendant relied on the presumption of
advancement arising out of the matrimonial relationship. The trust pleaded
here was thus a presumed resulting trust, which was discussed in considerable
detail by the Court of Appeal in _Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and
another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 (“ _Lau Siew Kim_ ”). However, this was not a
case where the parties were not present to give evidence of their intentions.
Although the defendant no longer had the mental faculties or clarity of mind
to provide the court with any useful evidence of her personal knowledge, she
had sought to defend the action before me on the basis that she was still
competent to do so.

15 The defendant relied on the presumption of advancement in support of her
claim that the plaintiff bought 24 Chancery Lane as a gift to her. It is true
that the presumption of advancement is a presumption of law that operates in
this case to give the defendant an evidential advantage, and, to borrow an
analogy from Lord Mance – albeit made in a very different context – in _Dallah
Real Estate and Tourism Holding Company v The Ministry of Religious Affairs,
Government of Pakistan_ [2011] 1 AC 763 at [30], this sort of advantage means
that the party in whose favour it falls “starts with advantage of service, it
does not also start fifteen or thirty love up.” The presumption of advancement
only means that in the absence of evidence to the contrary, the defendant
would succeed in her counterclaim for a declaration that she is the full
beneficial owner of the property. It gives the recipient of property an
advantage which, if not neutralised, operates to form the basis of proof.
Presumptions of this sort are intended to assist parties who might otherwise
be disadvantaged at trial. The classic example is where a widow, whose husband
had purchased property in her name when he was alive, has to fend off third
party claimants to the property. She may have no evidence to support her in
defence. The presumption of advancement thus compels the third party claimant
to prove that there was no intention on the part of the husband to make a gift
of the property to her. Presumptions should not be raised as a matter of
course, especially when both parties are present and competent to testify as
to their respective knowledge and intentions relating to the purchase. In such
cases, the court will evaluate their evidence and take into account the fact
the property was purchased by one spouse in the name of the other and the
credibility of the opposing testimonies to decide whether the property was
intended as a gift by one to the other. If it had been claimed on behalf of
the defendant that she was no longer of sound mind to defend the claim, the
presumption of advancement might be called in her aid. However, it was her
case that she was not of unsound mind and great efforts were made before and
at trial to show that she was capable of defending this action. The fact that
in the event her memory failed her cannot subsequently be an excuse to give
the presumption greater weight than the objective evidence can support.

16 My findings on the parties’ intentions were made on the basis of direct
evidence adduced before me, and not inferred through recourse to the two
presumptions. The question then arises – with the legal title in the
defendant’s name while the plaintiff maintained control over the property
through the POA, what is the appropriate property law concept that could
respond to a situation where the parties have evinced certain common
intentions as to the ownership of the property, and where should the
beneficial interest lie?

17 The facts in this case indicated a classic situation of a common intention
constructive trust – the defendant holding the legal title in trust for the
plaintiff pursuant to an express agreement as to beneficial ownership prior to
the acquisition of the matrimonial home. The problem here was that the
plaintiff pleaded his claim under a resulting trust rather than a constructive
trust. He might have done so because the Court of Appeal in _Lau Siew Kim_ had
endorsed the resulting trust approach in the matrimonial context although the
majority of the House of Lords in _Stack v Dowden_ [2007] 2 AC 432 (“ _Stack_
”) and the United Kingdom Supreme Court in _Jones v Kernott_ [2012] 1 AC 776
(“ _Jones_ ”) pointed out that where legal title and beneficial ownership of
the family home are claimed to reside separately, the claim should be made
under a constructive trust and the presumption of resulting trust is not
consistent with this approach. _Stack_ and _Jones_ dealt with a situation
where the parties, who were not married, bought properties in joint names. It
was held in those two cases that, to establish a claim in those situations,
the court would have to find a constructive trust based on the intentions of
the parties, and consider relevant factors – such as the contributions made by
the parties to the purchase and the course of dealings between them in
relation to the property – in order to determine how the property was to be
divided. _Lau Siew Kim_ was concerned with a situation where properties were
held by husband and wife as legal joint tenants, and where there were no
direct evidence as to whether the properties formed part of the deceased
husband’s estate. It did not expressly address a situation where the legal
title to the family home was held by one party in his or her sole name and
both parties subsequently adduced direct evidence of their intentions at the
time of acquisition. Neither did it allude to the nature of the trust that
would apply where the two presumptions are displaced or where it is not
necessary to apply the presumptions at all because direct evidence is
available.

18 On the authority of _Lau Siew Kim_ , it seems that the presumption of
resulting trust and presumption of advancement respond solely to the
intentions of the party who provides the consideration for the property. The
fact that gives rise to the resulting trust is the lack of an intention on the
part of the _transferor_ to benefit the recipient (at [35]) of _Lau Siew
Kim_); in a case where the party who provided the consideration asserts a
resulting trust, the single narrow intention that the court is concerned with
is therefore his or her lack of intention, and the presumptions are evidential
aids in inferring this intention. This may be contrasted with Lord Browne-
Wilkinson’s conceptualisation of the resulting trust in _Westdeutsche
Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council_ [1996] AC 669 at
708 (that the Court of Appeal also cited with approval in _Lau Siew Kim_ (at
[34])). Lord Browne-Wilkinson suggested that the resulting trust arises due to
the presumed _common intentions_ of the parties and expressly rejected the
unjust enrichment analysis of the resulting trust based on the transferor’s
lack of intention to benefit the recipient. With respect, I think that _Lau
Siew Kim_ was equivocal on whether the court was concerned with the
transferor’s intentions or both parties’ presumed intentions under a resulting
trust analysis. If it were the former, it would appear to expand the
boundaries of the resulting trust beyond the scope of its traditional
application and a resulting trust could thus arise when there is evidence of
actual lack of intention of the transferor to benefit the recipient. If it
were the latter, the Court of Appeal left open the question of how this form
of the resulting trust is consistent with the common intention constructive
trust since they are doctrinally distinct property concepts, and further,
whether intention can be distinguished on the basis that one is presumed and
the other is proved despite the similarities in the conceptual justification
for both types of trusts (_ie_ , the common intentions of both parties).
Indeed, Lord Neuberger in _Stack_ , who dissented and expressed his preference
for the presumption of resulting trust as a starting point when there were
unequal contributions to the purchase price, considered (at [124] of _Stack_)
that the resulting trust could be rebutted and replaced by a constructive
trust where there was relevant evidence that would enable the court to deduce
an agreement or understanding amounting to an intention as to the basis on
which the beneficial interests would be held. The resulting trust was
therefore regarded under English Law as a default property device in the
absence of evidence before the court, whereas, the constructive trust provides
the legal means for a claimant seeking to adduce direct evidence of agreement
or common understandings.

19 Hence, while I am certain in the conclusion I reach in this case, I am
hesitant to hold that the plaintiff is entitled to 24 Chancery Lane by reason
of a resulting trust in his favour. However, I am able to say that even if the
plaintiff’s case could only have succeeded on the basis of the pleaded
resulting trust, I can find support in the authority of _Lau Siew Kim_ ; the
plaintiff contributed the entirety of the purchase price and did not intend to
give full beneficial ownership to the defendant, and the beneficial interest
thus ‘resulted’ back to the plaintiff. However, if it were a constructive
trust situation (which I think is a sounder solution where proven express
common intentions of the parties are concerned) the final result would have
been the same as all the facts relating to the transaction and intentions of
both parties had been adduced before me. I find that there was a common
intention in the plaintiff’s and defendant’s agreement, supported by the
defendant’s execution of the POA, that 24 Chancery Lane would belong to the
plaintiff. That common intention has not changed from 1983 and represented the
_status quo_ until 5 April 2011, when the defendant revoked the POA. I add
that the extent of the plaintiff’s beneficial interest in this case is the
same whether on a resulting trust or on a constructive trust analysis because
the share that the plaintiff was claiming pursuant to the parties’ common
intentions was equivalent to his share of direct contributions to the purchase
price. The extent of a beneficial interest is dependent on the particular
trust analysis and may be materially different on the facts in other cases.

20 I therefore hold that the defendant was not entitled to revoke the POA, and
accordingly, the revocation of 5 April 2011 is declared null and void. I
further hold that the plaintiff is entitled to 24 Chancery Lane by way of a
resulting trust. I will hear the question of costs at a later date if parties
are unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 May 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

