Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte (formerly known as Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter Asia (Singapore) Pte) and others _v_ Hong Leong Finance Ltd  
[2013] SGHC 83

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 798 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 April 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alvin Yeo SC, Chua Sui Tong, Lim Shiqi and Edmund Koh
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiffs; Lee Eng Beng SC, Disa Sim and Ng
Kexian (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant  
Parties| :|  Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte (formerly known as Morgan
Stanley Dean Witter Asia (Singapore) Pte) and others — Hong Leong Finance Ltd  
  
19 April 2013|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The background facts to this application _vide_ Originating Summons No 798
of 2012 (“OS 798/2012”) arose from the failure of a series of credit-linked
notes issued in Hong Kong and sold in Singapore known as “Pinnacle Notes”
during the global financial crisis in 2008.

Background

The parties

2 Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte (formerly known as Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter Asia (Singapore) Pte) (“P1”) was the arranger of the Pinnacle Notes. As
the arranger, P1 was involved in putting together the prospectus and pricing
statements (collectively, the “Offering Materials”) of the Pinnacle Notes.

3 Pinnacle Performance Limited (“P2”), a Cayman Islands registered company,
was the issuer of the Pinnacle Notes.

4 Morgan Stanley & Co International Plc (formerly known as Morgan Stanley & Co
International Limited) (“P3”) was identified in the Offering Materials as,
_inter alia_ , the “Determination Agent”, “Dealer”, “Market Agent” and
“Forward Counterparty” with respect to the Pinnacle Notes.

5 Morgan Stanley Capital Services LLC (formerly known as Morgan Stanley
Capital Services Inc) (“P4”), a Delaware company with executive offices in New
York, was identified in the Offering Materials as the “Swap Counterparty” with
respect to the “Swap Agreement” underlying the Pinnacle Notes.

6 Morgan Stanley & Co LLC (formerly known as Morgan Stanley & Co Incorporated)
(“P5”) was a Delaware company with executive offices in New York. It was not
named in the Offering Materials. P5 provides brokerage and investment advisory
services. The plaintiffs are indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Morgan
Stanley, a publicly listed Delaware-headquartered corporation with its
principal executive offices in New York.

7 The defendant, Hong Leong Finance Limited (“HLF”), was the distributor of
the Pinnacle Notes pursuant to a Master Distributor Appointment Agreement
dated 6 October 2006 entered into between HLF and P1, P2 and P3 (“the MDAA”).
As distributor, HLF distributed six series of the Pinnacle Notes (_ie_ ,
Series 2, 3, 6, 7, 9 and 10) between October 2006 and December 2007.

Events leading up to OS 798/2012

8 During the global financial crisis in 2008, investors who bought the
Pinnacle Notes lost all if not a substantial portion of their original
investment. By and large, the loss of the original investment was triggered by
the failure or near bankruptcy of any one of the five “Reference Entities” in
the “Reference Portfolio” contained in the base prospectus, namely Lehman
Brothers Holdings Inc, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (also known as
Freddie Mac), Federal National Mortgage Association (also known as Fannie
Mae), and Icelandic banks Kaupthing banki hf and Landsbanki Islands hf.

9 In the chaotic aftermath of the failure of the Pinnacle Notes, the Monetary
Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) stepped in and set up a complaint handling
process for financial institutions in Singapore. Eventually, through this
process, HLF compensated Singapore-based customers (who bought Pinnacle Notes
Series 9 and 10) for more than US$32m in losses. HLF was also penalised for
having mis-sold these high-risk financial products, in particular Series 9 and
10 of the Pinnacle Notes, to its customers owing to lack of internal controls.

10 In April 2010, HLF filed Originating Summons No 403/2010 (“OS 403/2010”)
against P1 seeking pre-action discovery of documents. After pre-action
discovery was ordered and documents disclosed in a list of documents in
October 2011, HLF did not commence proceedings in Singapore. Instead, HLF sued
the plaintiffs in New York _vide_ Case No 12 Civ 6010 which was filed in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (“the New
York Court”) on 6 August 2012 (“the NY Proceedings”).

11 HLF chose to sue in New York because of an ongoing US Class Action in New
York (see [16] below). The main complaint in the NY Proceedings was in
relation to fraud: HLF accused P5 of deceptively selling Pinnacle Notes that
had been designed to fail for P5’s own benefit. In particular, P5 had designed
the underlying synthetic collateralised debt obligations (CDOs) to fail, and
P5 was positioned to profit when the Pinnacle Notes failed because of swap
transactions entered into by its affiliate P4.

12 HLF alleges in the NY Proceedings that the Pinnacle Notes were linked to
synthetic CDOs that were in turn tied to inherently risky companies. The
Pinnacle Notes featured two layers of financial instruments bundled together
with prominence allegedly given to one so as to obscure the nature and
importance of the other. The “Reference Entities” mentioned above (at [8]),
which HLF alleges were inherently risky companies, were tied to the underlying
layer of financial instruments (_ie_ , the synthetic CDOs). This was allegedly
obscured by the first layer of financial instruments which had as its
“Reference Entities”, and whose performance depended on, major corporations
and sovereign funds with high credit ratings. When those risky “Reference
Entities” of the underlying layer of financial instruments (mentioned above at
[8]) failed, the original investment from the investors of the Pinnacle Notes
moved to P4 pursuant to swap arrangements. By reason of this deception, the
plaintiffs allegedly fraudulently misrepresented to HLF that the Pinnacle
Notes constituted a safe conservative investment when they were not.

13 HLF alleges that this fraudulent misrepresentation led it to enter into the
MDAA to sell the Pinnacle Notes to its Singapore-based customers. Besides the
compensation of US$32m, HLF has sought punitive damages in the NY
Proceedings.[note: 1]

14 In addition to the above, HLF also further claims in the NY Proceedings
that, under New York law, the doctrine of “equitable subrogation” entitles it
to assert legal claims that are sought by the Singapore investors in parallel
proceedings in New York (see [16] below). There is no equivalent doctrine of
equitable subrogation under Singapore law.

15 OS 798/2012 was filed on 22 August 2012 to, _inter alia_ , restrain HLF
from suing or continuing to prosecute proceedings whether in the US or
elsewhere (save in Singapore) in relation to any claims concerning or arising
out of the credit-link notes issued by P2, specifically Series 2, 3, 6, 7, 9
and 10 of the Pinnacle Notes. At the time of the hearing of OS 798/2012, there
were no proceedings filed in Singapore.

The US Class Action

16 On 25 October 2010 (more than one and a half years prior to the
commencement of the NY Proceedings), a group of 18 Singapore investors who
bought Pinnacle Notes from distributors such as HLF (“the Singapore
investors”) commenced a class action (Case No. 10 Civ 8086) in the New York
Court alleging, _inter alia_ , fraud against the plaintiffs (“the US Class
Action”). The allegations were similar to those set out in [11] and [12] above
(in fact, HLF based its claims on those of the Singapore investors in the US
Class Action). In essence, the Singapore investors allege that the fraud of
the plaintiffs led them to buy the Pinnacle Notes and caused them to suffer
loss.

17 The New York Court had accepted that the US Class Action should be
litigated in New York and New York was found to be the _situs_ of the alleged
fraud in the US Class Action. It is also significant that in the US Class
Action, the plaintiffs had applied to the New York Court to dismiss the claims
of the Singapore investors.

18 On 31 October 2011, Judge Leonard B Sand (“Judge Sand”) (who heard the
motion to dismiss in _Dandong, et al v Pinnacle Performance Limited, et al_
(10 Civ. 8086 (LBS) allowed the motion in part. Notably, the Singapore
investors’ claims founded on fraud, fraudulent inducement, and breach of
implied covenant of good faith and fair dealings were allowed to continue in
New York. The plaintiffs tried to appeal against Judge Sand’s decision, but
the Court of Appeal for the Second Circuit declined to consider the appeal.

19 The plaintiffs disagreed with Judge Sand’s findings. However, I am of the
view that Judge Sand determined that New York had jurisdiction over the US
Class Action by applying principles that were broadly similar to those that
the Singapore courts would have applied.

20 Judge Sand disagreed with the plaintiffs that there were jurisdictional
clauses in play that excluded litigation in New York. On the issue of _forum
non conveniens_ , Judge Sand also disagreed with the plaintiffs that the core
allegations in the US Class Action concerned activities that occurred in
Singapore. Judge Sand was aware that the Singapore investors’ claims must not
be mere assertions and conclusions without basic supporting facts, and he was
satisfied on the material available that the Singapore investors’ case against
the plaintiffs met the requisite threshold. At p 4 of his Order dated 31
October 2011 (“the October Order”), he held: [note: 2]

On a motion to dismiss, a court reviewing a complaint will consider all
material factual allegations as true and draw all reasonable inferences in
favor of [the Singapore investors]. _Lee v. Bankers Trust Co_., 166 F.3d 540,
543 (2d Cir.1999). “To survive dismissal, the plaintiff must provide the
grounds upon which his claims rests through ‘factual allegations sufficient to
raise a right to relief above the speculative level.’” _ATSI Commc’ns Inc. V.
The Shar Fund, Ltd._ , 493 F.3d 87, 93 (2d Cir. 2007) (citing _Bell Atl. Corp.
v. Twombly_ , 550 U.S. 544, 555 (2007)). “Threadbare recitals of the elements
of a cause of action, supported by mere conclusory statements, do not
suffice.” _Ashcroft v. Iqbal_ , 129 S. Ct. 1937, 1949 (2009). Rather, [the
Singapore investors’] complaint must include “enough facts to state a claim of
relief that is plausible on its face.” _Id_. at 1940 (citing _Twombly_ , 550
U.S. at 570). Plausibility, in turn, requires that the allegations in the
complaint “raise a reasonable expectation that discovery will reveal evidence”
in support of the claim. _Twombly_ , 550 U.S. at 556.

21 Judge Sand was satisfied that there was enough plausible material before
the court to conclude that (at pp 9 and 10 of the October Order):

...the vast majority of actions that [the Singapore investors] allege were
fraudulent occurred in New York and London. MS Capital’s creation of single-
tranche CDOs created to match each series of Notes occurred in New York... MS
Capital’s selection of the assets underlying the CDOs also occurred in New
York.... MS International’s selection of the underlying assets for the CLNs
was done in London... The parties, of course, dispute who actually drafted the
offering materials, but taking [the Singapore investors’] factual allegations
as true, we must assume at this stage of the proceedings that it was MS
Capital in New York.

....

Having found that most of the activity alleged to be fraudulent occurred not
in Singapore but in New York (and to a lesser extent in London), we find that
the availability of evidence and witnesses – not to mention issues of expense
and convenience – favor [the Singapore investors’] choice of a New York forum.

22 Judge Sand noted that the Singapore investors had pleaded more than a
generalised motive of the fraud and that the means alleged were adequately
particularised (at pp 19-20 of the October Order):

As to motive, the means alleged were as follows: [the Singapore investors]
were enticed by relatively safe CLNs, secured by sovereign nations and highly-
rated corporations. Contrary to standard practice endorsed in 2007 by Morgan
Stanley itself....[the Singapore investors’] principal was invested not in
highly secure “underlying assets” but in custom-made synthetic CDOs that were
at best risky and possibly rigged to fail. That they were custom-made is clear
from the chronology. Exactly one day before a particular series of Notes was
issued, Morgan Stanley issued an underlying synthetic CDO that precisely
matched the amount of funds raised from a particular series. MS International
then chose that newly made synthetic CDO as the underlying asset for the
Notes... That Morgan Stanley was aware of the riskiness of the CDOs is clear
from public statements by Morgan Stanley’s chief economist in 2006... as well
as from that fact that Morgan Stanley had itself created the CDOs. See _In re
Citigroup Inc. Sec. Litig_., 753 F. Supp. 2d 206, 235 (S.D.N.Y. 2010) (finding
that a CDOs underwriter “is in the best position to recognise the threats the
[CDOs] faced...”). Thus both the means and the likely prospect of achieving
concrete benefit were present in this case.

Moving on to motive, [the Singapore investors] have succeeded in pleading more
than a “generalized motive, ...which could be imputed to any publicly-owned,
for profit endeavour.” _Chill_ , 101 F. 3d at 268. They have pled what amounts
to self-dealing by Morgan Stanley, insofar as Morgan Stanley was betting
against, or “shorting”, the synthetic CDOs that it had itself created. The
engineered frailty of the CDOs and Morgan Stanley’s positions on both sides of
the deal adequately alleges motive. See _Fraternity Fund Lts. v. Beacon Hill
Asset Mgmt. LLC_ , 376 F. Supp. 2d 385, 404 (S.D.N.Y. 2005) (self-dealing
sufficient to establish motive).

23 As stated, New York was found to be the _situs_ of the alleged fraud in the
US Class Action, and Judge Sand held that New York “has a significant interest
in this dispute”.[note: 3]

24 Judge Sand’s decision was carefully reasoned and should be respected. In
the present case, the correct approach for this court is to give real and
respectful weight to the decision of Judge Sand when determining whether an
anti-suit injunction is appropriate.

25 The US Class Action is continuing in New York. There is affidavit evidence
that discovery for the US Class Action is currently ongoing and is scheduled
to end later this year.[note: 4] Since 15 October 2012, both the NY
Proceedings and the US Class Action were transferred from the docket of Judge
Sand to Judge Jesse M Furman (“Judge Furman”).

The relevant legal principles

26 The general principles governing the exercise of the court’s jurisdiction
to grant an injunction restraining a party from pursuing foreign proceedings
are well-established (see _Ashlock William Grover v SetClear Pte Ltd and
others_ [2012] 2 SLR 625 (“ _Ashlock William Grover”_); _John Reginald Stott
Kirkham and others v Trane US Inc and others_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 428 (“ _John
Reginald Stott Kirkham”_)). The broad principle underlying the anti-suit
jurisdiction is that it is to be exercised when the ends of justice require it
(see _Evergreen International SA v Volkswagen Group Singapore Pte Ltd and
others_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 457 at [15]; _Société Nationale Industrielle
Aerospatiale v Lee Kui Jak and another_ [1987] 1 AC 871 (“ _Lee Kui Jak_ ”)).
Briefly, the factors to be considered in an anti-suit application are as
follows:

(a) Whether the defendant is amenable to the jurisdiction of the Singapore
court;

(b) Whether Singapore is the natural forum for the resolution of the dispute
between the parties;

(c) Whether the foreign proceedings are vexatious or oppressive to the
plaintiff if they are allowed to continue;

(d) Whether an injunction would cause any injustice to the defendant by
depriving the defendant of legitimate juridical advantages sought in the
foreign proceedings; and

(e) Whether the commencement of the foreign proceedings is in breach of any
agreement between the parties.

At the outset, I should mention that the factors (b) – (e) above are not
independent of each other, and the authorities cited above have stressed the
importance of looking at all the factors in the round.

27 The natural forum (factor (b) in the preceding paragraph) is the forum
which is clearly more appropriate than an alternative forum for the trial of
the action. To be clear, this is distinct from what some cases refer to as “a
natural forum”, by which they merely mean a forum which is not inappropriate
(see for example _Cherney v Deripaska_ [2009] 2 CLC 408 at [24]; _Royal Bank
of Canada v Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA_ [2004] 1 CLC
170 at [40]).

28 The onus of showing that Singapore is clearly and distinctly the more
appropriate forum is on the applicant for the anti-suit injunction (see _John
Reginald Stott Kirkham_ at [33]). Even if Singapore is the natural forum to
adjudicate the claims, it does not follow that the foreign proceedings should
be automatically restrained. Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the
Court of Appeal) in _John Reginald Stott Kirkham_ explained (at [45]) that it
would be inconsistent with comity to restrain a party from proceeding in a
foreign court for this reason alone. Toulson LJ in _Deutsche Bank AG & another
v Highland Crusader Offshore Partners LP & others_ [2010] 1 WLR 1023 (“
_Highland Crusader_ ”) whilst making the same point, went even further at
[50]:

If the English Court considers England to be the natural forum _and can see no
legitimate personal or juridical advantage in the claimant in the foreign
proceedings being allowed to pursue them_ , it does not automatically follow
that an anti-suit injunction should be granted. For that would be to overlook
the important restraining influence of considerations of comity.

[emphasis added]

29 Factor (e) (at [26] above) is generally aimed at jurisdiction clauses.
Where there is an exclusive jurisdiction clause, the general rule is that the
clause ought to be enforced as between the parties unless there are strong
reasons not to do so (see _Donohue v Armco Inc and others_ [2002] 1 All ER 749
per Lord Bingham at [24] and per Lord Hobhouse at [45]; _Turner v Grovit and
others_ [2002]) 1 WLR 107).

30 Steven Chong J in _UBS AG v Telesto Investments Ltd and others and another
matter_ [2011] 4 SLR 503 considered the principles governing the exercise of
the court’s jurisdiction to grant an anti-suit injunction where a non-
exclusive jurisdiction clause was in play. It is useful to set out his
comments at [118] to [119] of that decision:

118 It is important to understand the nature of the contractual bargain in a
non-exclusive jurisdiction clause. By such a clause, the parties simply agree
to submit to that jurisdiction, which for ease of reference shall be referred
to as the “primary forum”. They also implicitly accept the “primary forum” as
appropriate (see _British Aerospace plc v Dee Howard Co_ [1993] 1 Lloyd’s Rep
368 at 376).

119 An overview of the cases involving exclusive and/or non-exclusive
jurisdiction clauses shows that:

(a) The starting point for considering the effect of a non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause must be the wording of the clause. In terms of contract
law, a party could not ordinarily be said to be in breach of a contract
containing a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause merely by pursuing proceedings
in an alternative jurisdiction (see [_Highland Crusader_] at [105]).

(b) There is no presumption that multiplicity of proceedings is vexatious (see
_Lee Kui Jak_ ([109] _supra_) at 894). In the case of non-exclusive
jurisdiction clauses, the burden is on the applicant for the anti-suit
injunction to show that the foreign proceedings are “vexatious or oppressive
for some reason independent of the mere presence of the non-exclusive
[jurisdiction] clause” (see Thomas Raphael, _The Anti-Suit Injunction_ (Oxford
University Press, 2008) (“ _Raphael_ ”) at para 9.12).

(c) In the case of a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause, either party is _prima
facie_ entitled to bring proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Duplication of litigation through parallel proceedings is undesirable, but it
is an inherent risk where the parties elect to adopt a non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause ([_Highland Crusader_] at [107]).

31 As regards the construction of the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause to
determine its legal effect based on the intentions of the parties, I refer to
_Orchard Capital I Ltd v Ravindra Kumar Jhunjhunwala_ [2012] 2 SLR 519 (“
_Orchard Capital_ ”). In that case, the Court of Appeal considered the legal
effect of a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of Hong Kong in a stay
application on grounds of _forum non conveniens_. Andrew Phang JA (delivering
the judgment of the Court of Appeal) considered the comments of the Hong Kong
Court of Appeal in _Noble Power Investments Ltd v Nissei Stomach Tokyo Co Ltd_
[2008] 5 HKLRD 631 on the general effect of non-exclusive jurisdiction clause
(at [16]):

The court in _Noble_ considered the effect of non-exclusive jurisdiction
clauses at some length, as follows (at [31]-[33]):

31 In considering the effect of a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause, it is
critical to recognize that there are differences in approach depending upon
where proceedings have been instituted. Where proceedings are instituted in
the named forum (to which the parties have agreed to submit), the party who
seeks a stay or otherwise to contest the jurisdiction or appropriateness of
that forum, has a very heavy burden to discharge, since that party has by
definition agreed contractually to submit to the jurisdiction. In other words,
he is seeking to avoid a forum to which he has, by contract, agreed to submit.
The extent of this burden is discussed below.

32 Where, however, proceedings are instituted in a forum _other than_ the
identified one, an altogether different approach may be required. Here, much
depends on the precise wording of the clause in question. If the other forum
is one to which the parties have also agreed to _submit_ in the event of their
being sued, it may be that there is little difference between the two
situations. Where, however (as is more common) the other forum is merely one
in which proceedings can be instituted without any obligation on the party
sued actually to submit to that forum, the approach is different. The party
who then seeks to contest the jurisdiction or appropriateness of that forum is
in a better position so to do (compared with the situation articulated in the
previous paragraph) simply because he would not be seeking to avoid a forum to
which he has contractually agreed to submit.

33\. Some simple illustrations to summarize the foregoing propositions might
assist:

(1)A sues B in Hong Kong. Hong Kong is named as a non-exclusive jurisdiction
to which the parties have agreed to submit in the event of their being sued.
The burden on B, if he contests the appropriateness of the Hong Kong courts,
is a heavy one.

(2)A sues B in Hong Kong. Hong Kong is on this occasion not named as a
jurisdiction but the courts of, say, Japan are named as the non-exclusive
jurisdiction. However, on a true construction of the relevant clause, the
parties have nevertheless agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts
of any other forum (which would include Hong Kong) in the event of their being
sued there. Again, in view of the agreement actually to submit, the burden on
B is also a heavy one.

(3)A sues B in Hong Kong. Again, Hong Kong is not named as the non-exclusive
jurisdiction but the courts of Japan are. However, this time the parties have
not agreed to submit to any jurisdiction other than the Japanese courts. In
other words, while the parties have agreed to submit to Japanese jurisdiction
in the event that they are sued there, and while they have also agreed that
they are at liberty to institute proceedings in a jurisdiction other than
Japan, no positive obligation exists for a party to submit to any jurisdiction
other than Japan. Here, the burden on B is less heavy.

[emphasis in original]

32 The Court of Appeal in _Orchard Capital_ did not have to consider
specifically the contractual approach to determining the legal effect of a
non-exclusive jurisdiction clause because the parties’ arguments in that case
centred on the weight to be accorded to the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause
as a factor in ascertaining whether or not the action concerned ought to be
stayed based on a standard _forum non conveniens_ analysis. However, Phang JA
(at [26]) took the opportunity to caution that the contractual approach to
interpreting the legal effect of a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause based on
the intention of the parties was “not without difficulties”, and that the
appellate court could not “wholeheartedly” accept the contractual approach
advocated by Professor Yeo Tiong Min in his article “The Contractual Basis of
the Enforcement of Exclusive and Non-Exclusive Choice of Court Agreements”
(2005) 17 SAcLJ 306 (“Prof Yeo’s Article”).

33 Finally, brief mention should be made of the relevance of international
comity in anti-suit injunction cases like this. It was observed in _The Reecon
Wolf_ [2012] 2 SLR 289 (at [23]) that:

"Comity" is defined in _Morguard Investments Ltd v De Savoye_ [1990] 3 SCR
1077 at 1096 (and subsequently approved in _Amchem Products Incorporated v
British Columbia (Workers' Compensation Board)_ [1993] 1 SCR 897)... in the
following terms:

'Comity' in the legal sense is neither a matter of absolute obligation, on the
one hand, nor of mere courtesy and good will, upon the other. But it is the
recognition which one nation allows within its territory to the legislative,
executive or judicial acts of another nation, having due regard both to
international duty and convenience, and to the rights of its own citizens or
of other persons who are under the protection of its laws...

34 In _Amchem Products Inc. v Workers’ Compensation Board of British Columbia_
(1993) 102 DLR (4th) 96, Sopinka J discussed the importance of comity
considerations in anti-suit injunction applications and held (at p 119):

... the domestic court as a matter of comity must take cognisance of the fact
that the foreign court has assumed jurisdiction. If, applying the principles
relating to _forum non conveniens_... the foreign court could reasonably have
concluded that there was no alternative forum that was clearly more
appropriate, the domestic court should respect that decision and the
application [for an anti-suit injunction] should be dismissed.

35 Considerations of comity are necessary given the impact a grant of an anti-
suit injunction would have on foreign proceedings. To this end, the courts
must have regard to comity, and be aware that the anti-suit jurisdiction must
be exercised “with caution” (see _Airbus Industrie GIE v Patel_ [1999] 1 AC
119).

The parties’ arguments

The plaintiffs’ arguments

36 The matters relied upon by the plaintiffs centred on the issues primarily
to be resolved between the plaintiffs and HLF in relation to the MDAA as well
as HLF’s compensation to its customers in the sum of US$32m by virtue of the
indemnity clause in the MDAA (clause 14). Hence, the plaintiffs’ contentions
concentrated on P1 to P3 who, with HLF, were parties to the MDAA and upon the
geographical location of witnesses given the Singapore-centric Pinnacle Notes.

37 Counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr Alvin Yeo SC (“Mr Yeo”), referred to the
factors (a), (b) and (c) set out in [26] above, arguing that it would be
vexatious or oppressive to allow the NY Proceedings to continue.

38 First, he pointed out that HLF was a Singapore finance company regulated by
MAS and was amenable to the jurisdiction of this court. There was no dispute
on factor (a).

39 Secondly, Mr Yeo argued that Singapore was the natural forum for the
resolution of the substantive dispute between the parties given the following
connecting factors with Singapore:

(a) HLF’s relationship with P1 to P3 was governed by the MDAA which contained
the following governing law and jurisdiction clause (clause 24):

This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the
laws of the Republic of Singapore. The parties hereto submit to the non-
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore.

The non-exclusive jurisdiction clause was relied upon as a “very strong
indicator” that Singapore was the most appropriate forum to hear the
case.[note: 5] Furthermore, the dispute concerned losses suffered in Singapore
on investment products sold in Singapore based on alleged misrepresentations
made and relied upon in Singapore. Singapore law therefore governed HLF’s
contractual and tortious claims against the plaintiffs.

(b) From the standpoint of the location of documents and witnesses, they were
to be found in Singapore. As for the witnesses for the plaintiffs who reside
overseas, they would make themselves available and travel to Singapore.

(c) HLF’s pre-action discovery process in Singapore (_vide_ OS 403/2010) was
an acknowledgment and recognition that Singapore was the natural forum for the
resolution of claims relating to its distribution of the Pinnacle Notes.

40 Thirdly, Mr Yeo argued that HLF was blatantly forum shopping. The
background to the NY Proceedings made its commencement by HLF vexatious and
oppressive. HLF’s claim for US$32m arose from the voluntary settlement of the
claims of Singapore-based customers under the complaint handling process set
up in Singapore by MAS. Put another way, HLF’s claim was essentially to
recover an indemnity for the US$32m paid to HLF’s customers, and this
indemnity claim (prescribed in clause 14 of the MDAA) could have been easily
litigated in Singapore. HLF’s core complaint in the NY Proceedings was the
fraudulent misrepresentations that took place exclusively in Singapore, and
were substantially the same claims for which HLF sought and obtained pre-
action discovery in Singapore against P1. In the circumstances, Mr Yeo argued
that the claims by HLF have nothing to do with New York. As for the US Class
Action, Mr Yeo argued that this connection, if anything, was a tenuous
connection to New York. Mr Yeo accused HLF of trying to “ _ape the claims made
in the [US Class Action] in a transparent attempt to ride on the coat tails of
that action_.”[note: 6]

41 According to Mr Yeo, the commencement of NY Proceedings was plainly
tactical and brought to avail HLF of procedural advantages in New York. The
procedural advantages were identified by the plaintiffs as follows:[note: 7]

These include contingency fee arrangements (which are illegal in Singapore),
broad and invasive discovery and deposition processes, liability to
potentially substantial awards of punitive damages and no entitlement to
recovery of costs by the successful party. The Plaintiffs also believe that
[HLF] is aiming to capitalise on the perceived unpopularity of Wall Street
institutions with the American public, thereby making a trial before an
American jury an unattractive prospect for the Plaintiffs.

HLF’s arguments

42 Counsel for HLF, Mr Lee Eng Beng SC (“Mr Lee”) argued that the application
_vide_ OS 798/2012 was an attempt by the plaintiffs to evade the jurisdiction
of the New York Court. According to Mr Lee, the non-exclusive jurisdiction
clause (clause 24) made clear that the parties contemplated that proceedings
may be brought outside of Singapore. Furthermore, contrary to Mr Yeo’s
contention, Mr Lee argued that New York (and not Singapore) was the natural
forum for HLF’s claims against the plaintiffs.

43 Mr Lee pointed out that at the time of the hearing, no proceedings have
been filed in Singapore for the substantive dispute to be resolved by the
Singapore courts; there were only proceedings in one jurisdiction between HLF
and the plaintiffs _(ie_ , the NY Proceedings). He argued that the burden on
the plaintiffs to obtain an anti-suit injunction is more difficult to
discharge in these circumstances, citing _Koh Kay Yew v Inno-Pacific Holdings
Ltd_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 148 (“ _Koh Kay Yew_ ”) at [22] in support of his
proposition.

44 Mr Lee also argued that even if, for the sake of argument, Singapore was
the natural forum in respect of HLF’s claims, it did not _ipso facto_ mean
that an anti-suit injunction should be granted (see [28] above). The
plaintiffs had to show strong or compelling reason why the NY Proceedings were
vexatious or oppressive, and they were unable to do so. In fact, New York is a
very convenient forum for the plaintiffs because they are already defending
themselves in the US Class Action, and, as such, it cannot be vexatious or
oppressive for HLF to commence the NY Proceedings.

45 In relation to HLF’s pre-action discovery application in 2010 against P1
_vide_ OS 403/2010 (see [10] above), Mr Lee pointed out that the application
was not a substantive claim. The NY Proceedings were different and much wider
in scope and content. I agreed with Mr Lee that OS 403/2010 was, at best, a
neutral factor.

46 Mr Lee also submitted that the plaintiffs are seeking to prevent HLF from
asserting their legitimate claim in equitable subrogation which is only
available under New York law and that this would cause injustice to HLF (see
factor (d) at [26] above).

47 Mr Lee also contended that the anti-suit injunction application ought not
to have been brought before applying to stay the NY Proceedings. In response
to this particular contention by Mr Lee, Mr Yeo countered that assuming
Singapore was the natural forum, there was no pre-requirement that the
applicant for anti-suit injunction must seek relief from the foreign court
before applying for anti-suit injunction, citing _Ashlock William Grover_ at
pp 630-631 as illustration and Adrian Briggs & Peter Rees, _Civil Jurisdiction
and Judgments_ (Informa, 5th Ed, 2009), Chapter 5, Section (E) at para 5.35.
On this last point, I agreed with Mr Yeo that the plaintiffs had the option to
either seek the assistance of the New York Court or the Singapore courts.

Issues relating to New York law

48 The parties filed affidavits deposed by their respective experts on New
York law, and the views of these experts were referred to in both parties’
written submissions. However, counsel for both sides confirmed at the hearing
that they would not require this court to decide on the issues raised by these
experts in the resolution of OS 798/2012.[note: 8] It was thus unnecessary to
consider arguments that turned mainly on the correct interpretation of what
appeared to be hugely divergent accounts of New York law, including arguments
relating to whether HLF had “subject matter jurisdiction” in the NY
Proceedings. Both parties agreed that these issues were for the New York Court
to decide and would be pursued there if I refuse to grant the anti-suit
injunction.

The main issue

49 As I see it, the main issue in OS 798/2012 was whether this court would be
justified in interfering with HLF’s purported entitlement to bring legal
proceedings in New York. On the facts of this case, the court had to consider
if Singapore was clearly and distinctly the more appropriate forum, and
whether HLF’s conduct in pursuing the NY Proceedings was in breach of the
rights of the plaintiffs in contract or was otherwise vexatious or oppressive
so as to justify the granting of an injunction to restrain HLF from continuing
with those proceedings.

Discussion and decision

50 I start by setting out the facts that were material to my consideration.
First, HLF’s claims in the NY Proceedings focus on either P5 or P4 as the main
culprits in the alleged fraud, with P1 to P3 playing a subsidiary role at the
behest of either P5 or P4.

51 Second, significance must be attached to the fact that the allegations of
fraud in the NY Proceedings and the US Class Action were based on the same
common scheme that was central to both actions, and that the defendants in the
US Class Action were the very same plaintiffs in this present application. The
claims in the NY Proceedings and US Class Action mirrored each other in many
areas.

52 Third, the New York Court had accepted and assumed jurisdiction of the US
Class Action.

53 Fourth, the plaintiffs are already firmly defending the US Class Action.

54 Fifth, the plaintiffs were seeking to stop HLF from continuing with the NY
Proceedings in circumstances where no proceedings had been commenced in
Singapore between the parties for the same claims in New York.

The Natural Forum

Non-exclusive jurisdiction clause

55 In this application, the parties did not put in issue, and hence the court
was not concerned with, a point of construction of the non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause (clause 24). It was not Mr Yeo’s case that based on the
terms of clause 24 (see [39]) above), HLF was in breach of it by pursuing
proceedings in New York.

56 Instead, Mr Yeo relied on the existence of the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of a particular named court (_ie_ , Singapore) in the MDAA as “a very strong
indicator”[note: 9] that the Singapore court was the correct one in which to
resolve the substantive disputes. But how much weight should one accord to a
non-exclusive jurisdiction agreement? In _Orchard Capital_ , the Court of
Appeal at [30], approved of the following observations from Prof Yeo’s
Article:

88 It goes too far, perhaps, to say that a non-exclusive jurisdiction
agreement will never be accorded any more weight than any other connections in
the case under consideration. On the other hand, it may also go too far to say
that a non-exclusive jurisdiction agreement will _always_ be a strong
indicator of the appropriate forum to hear the case. **The weight to be
attributed to it ought to depend on the circumstances.** It may make a
difference whether the jurisdiction clause formed part of a closely negotiated
contract or is a standard term in a contract of adhesion. Where the parties
have clearly put their minds to the consideration of the clause, that will
understandably be a very strong factor. On the other hand, if the parties have
indicated a list of possible countries for the disputes to be tried, then the
choices may not mean very much in terms of comparative appropriateness, and
the court may even be justified in not giving any particular weight to the
clause.

[emphasis in original in bold and italics]

57 However, in this application, there was no explanation by the plaintiffs on
the facts why greater emphasis or weight ought to be placed upon the existence
of clause 24 as a factor. Clause 24 was not expressed in wide terms to cover
“any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with” the MDAA between
the parties (_cf_ the jurisdiction agreement in _Global Partner Fund Ltd v
Babcock & Brown Ltd (in liq)_ [2010] NSWCA 196). With regard to P4 and P5, Mr
Yeo did not deal with how and why P4 and P5, who were not parties to the MDAA,
were entitled to rely on clause 24 against HLF. In fact, the thrust of Mr
Yeo’s argument was that clause 24, _together with all the factors_ , pointed
towards the conclusion that Singapore was the natural forum.

58 In the final analysis, clause 24 was merely one factor that I had to weigh
up against all the other factors in the case.

The US Class Action

59 I alluded earlier to the fact that the allegations of fraud in the NY
Proceedings and the US Class Action were based on the same common scheme that
was central to both actions (see [16] above). Notably, the plaintiffs are
already defending the US Class Action. At the same time, HFL’s action in New
York mirrored the US Class Action in that HLF asserted substantially the same
claims in fraud in the NY Proceedings.

60 In short, both sets of proceedings against the plaintiffs in New York are
closely connected. It follows that the centre of gravity of both sets of
disputes is in New York and it remains expedient to hear them in the same
jurisdiction. As I see it, a refusal to grant an anti-suit injunction would
create the best chance for all matters to be effectively determined in one
jurisdiction. In this way, there would be no risk of inconsistent judgments.
Equally, the undesirability of parallel proceedings elsewhere would be
obviated.

61 There are also related case management reasons why it would appear that New
York is a more appropriate forum than Singapore. As mentioned (see [25]
above), on 15 October 2012, both the US Class Action and NY Proceedings were
reassigned from Judge Sand to Judge Furman.[note: 10] Assigning both these
cases to one judge is a strong positive sign that the New York Court has
recognised that the subject matter of the claims in the NY Proceedings are
closely connected with the claims against the plaintiffs in the US Class
Action.

62 Case management by the same judge is sensible and expedient as he can,
where appropriate, take into account the progress of both sets of proceedings
to ensure a just and orderly disposal of the litigation as well as to prevent
irreconcilable decisions. Hearings of all the claims before the New York Court
would be coordinated; inconvenience to witnesses who reside elsewhere in the
United States, England, Hong Kong and Singapore would be probably minimised as
regards individual travel to New York for the US Class Action and the NY
Proceedings. I also note that the compellability of ex-employees of P4 and P5
as witnesses in New York by subpoena was a factor that found much favour with
Judge Sand since they would be key witnesses in the US Class Action.[note: 11]

63 Finally, I gave some weight to the more than likely emergence of the so-
called “Cambridgeshire Factor” with litigation remaining in New York. In the
seminal case of _The Spiliada_ [1987] 1 AC 460, the shipowners of a ship known
as the “Spiliada” alleged that the cargo of sulphur owned by the shipper was
wet when loaded and that this had caused severe corrosion to their vessel.
Accordingly, the shipowners sought to serve proceedings out of the
jurisdiction on the shippers for an action for damages. In holding that
England was the natural forum, one factor which was accorded significant
weight by the court was what is now famously known as the “Cambridgeshire
Factor”. There, the judge at first instance, Staughton J, had already started
to hear the trial of a similar action for damages involving the same defendant
shippers in respect of another ship called the “Cambridgeshire”, and
considered that the accumulated experience of counsel and solicitors derived
from their participation in the _Cambridgeshire_ action would “ _contribute to
efficiency, expedition and economy_ ” (at p 486). His decision was affirmed by
the House of Lords, where Lord Goff held at p 485-486:

I believe that anyone who has been involved, as counsel, in very heavy
litigation of this kind, with a number of experts on both sides and difficult
scientific questions involved, knows only too well what the learning curve is
like; how much information and knowledge has to be, and is, absorbed, not only
by the lawyers but really by the whole team, including both lawyers and
experts, as they learn about the interrelation of law, fact and scientific
knowledge, having regard to the contentions advanced by both sides in the
case, and identify in their minds the crucial matters on which attention has
to be focused, why these are the crucial matters, and how they are to be
assessed... [Staughton J] was, in my judgment, entitled to take the view (as
he did) that this matter was not merely of advantage to the shipowners but
also constituted an advantage which was not balanced by a countervailing equal
disadvantage to [the shipper]... This is not simply a matter... of financial
advantage to the shipowners; it is a matter which can, and should, properly be
taken into account, in a case of this kind, in the objective interests of
justice.

64 The plaintiffs have instructed the same solicitors in the US in both
proceedings that are before the same judge (_ie_ , Judge Furman) in what will
be highly complex cases (given the sophisticated nature of the alleged fraud
and the financial instruments involved) which will inevitably have many
overlapping issues and require the assistance of multiple witnesses and
experts. By parity of reasoning, it therefore does not seem expedient to
require that HLF be enjoined from litigating in New York and to litigate the
same matter in Singapore instead.

Conclusion on the natural forum

65 A non-exclusive clause leaves open the possibility that there may be
another appropriate jurisdiction (per Toulson LJ in _Highland Crusader_ , with
whom Carnwath and Goldring LJJ agreed, at [64]). In my view, having regard to
the overall circumstances, Singapore was an appropriate jurisdiction but not
clearly the most appropriate forum for the determination of claims brought by
HLF in the NY Proceedings. Accordingly, I found that the plaintiffs had failed
to discharge their burden of showing that Singapore is the more appropriate
forum than New York.

Whether the NY Proceedings were vexatious or oppressive

66 I was not persuaded that the NY Proceedings were vexatious or oppressive.
My reasons are as follows.

Nature of the dispute in the NY Proceedings

67 The main cause of action in the NY Proceedings was fraud and it involved
allegations that P5 together with each of its affiliates (_ie_ , P2 to P4) had
acted in concert to perpetrate this fraud. It is contended that P5, the
holding company, utilized its domination of P1 to P4 to perpetrate its fraud
against HLF and investors who purchased the Pinnacle Notes. This is the “alter
ego” argument pursuant to which P5 is alleged to be liable as alter ego of P2
to P4.

68 Even if P2 to P4 were not the alter ego of P5, Mr Lee explained that HLF’s
fraud claim in the NY Proceedings could still be advanced against P2 to P4. It
was contended in the NY Proceedings that P4 (a New York based entity)
“masterminded the fraud” and that the P3 (a London-based entity) implemented
the fraud.[note: 12] According to HLF, P1 played “a tertiary role in the
events”,[note: 13] and P2 was a shell corporation in the Cayman Islands with
no officers or employees. Its role was simply to issue the Pinnacle Notes as
part of the fraudulent scheme.[note: 14]

69 On the other hand, the plaintiffs have sought to refashion and straight
jacket HLF’s claims as being principally against P1 to P3 as they maintain
that P5 (and to a lesser extent, P4) were not involved in the selling of
Pinnacle Notes to Singapore-based investors. On this basis, they have argued
that the connection to New York is tenuous and that HLF has acted in a
vexatious manner by commencing the NY Proceedings.

70 It is important to emphasise that the question to be decided in this
application is whether the claims pursued by HLF in New York were vexatious or
oppressive, and not whether it was vexatious or oppressive for HLF to refuse
to pursue different claims which it does not want to pursue at all. Therefore,
in my view, in addition to my findings that there are strong reasons why it
would be expedient to have the proceedings heard in New York instead of
Singapore, it cannot be vexatious or oppressive for HLF to frame its claim in
a manner which was most advantageous to it.

No concurrent proceedings in Singapore

71 As alluded to above at [15], neither HLF nor the plaintiffs have commenced
substantive proceedings in Singapore. Applying the general principle in _Koh
Kay Yew_ , the court should be slow to grant an anti-suit injunction where
there is no existing _lis_ in Singapore. The policy reason for this was set
out at [23] of _Koh Kay Yew_ :

... The party who commenced the foreign proceedings would only have done so in
one jurisdiction. He would have in no way abused the systems of justice of
various jurisdictions to his advantage. It is the defendant in the foreign
proceedings that is complaining about the action and wants the foreign
proceedings stopped. _In such a case, we think that as long as the party who
commenced the foreign proceedings was entitled to do so, whether or not the
foreign courts recognise this, then our courts should be extremely cautious in
granting an injunction... For an injunction in these cases to be justified,
there must be strong and compelling reasons why an action in the foreign
courts should not be started or continued._ This would simply be because the
dangers of the party commencing multiple proceedings and abusing the different
judicial systems, whether for tactical reasons or otherwise, is non-existent.
A court’s role is to achieve fairness and justice according to the law of the
land. However, this does not include preventing a party from commencing or
continuing his foreign proceedings simply on the basis that it would be more
inconvenient for one party as compared to the other. Any party who has been
aggrieved has the right to seek recourse to justice in any judicial system
that is convenient for him. This is his natural right. It is not up to a
plaintiff to bring an action in a court which is convenient for the defendant.

[emphasis added]

72 In this case, the starting position is that HLF is _prima facie_ entitled
to sue the plaintiffs in New York and the court should not interfere _for that
reason alone._ The non-exclusive jurisdiction clause (clause 24) envisages
that proceedings may be commenced elsewhere besides the named forum (see [30]
above). It did not matter, contrary to the suggestion by the plaintiffs, that
the NY Proceedings (in their view) represented a more difficult and roundabout
route for HLF than suing in Singapore under the MDAA.

Juridical advantages of pursuing the claims in New York

73 In relation to the juridical advantages that HLF would be entitled to if it
pursues its claims against the plaintiffs in New York (see the plaintiffs
arguments at [41] above), now that the plaintiffs have failed to show that
Singapore is the natural forum, it is hard to see why HLF’s ability to avail
itself to these juridical advantages would be vexatious and unjust to the
plaintiffs _per se_. The onus is on the plaintiffs to show how it is unjust,
and, in my view, they were unable to do so.

74 Be that as it may, HLF’s equitable subrogation claim in the NY Proceedings
is a relevant consideration. According to Mr Lee, under this equitable
subrogation claim, HLF “stood in the shoes” of some of the Singapore investors
who had been compensated by HLF. As a stranger to the US Class Action, HLF
could not share directly in any recovery in that action. For that reason, Mr
Lee argued that it must assert a claim in equitable subrogation in New York to
pursue such a claim. According to Mr Lee, an anti-suit injunction in favour of
the plaintiffs would effectively prevent HLF from pursuing a claim in
equitable subrogation which can only be meaningfully pursued in New York for
both legal and practical reasons.[note: 15]

75 Mr Yeo disagreed. He argued that HLF’s equitable subrogation claim served
no purpose other than as a tenuous basis for arguing that there existed a New
York connection. This was because HLF did not have a claim in equitable
subrogation under New York law.

76 I agreed with Mr Lee that the question of whether or not HLF’s claim in
equitable subrogation was sustainable as a matter of New York law was not for
this court to decide. The merits of HLF’s claim for equitable subrogation
under New York law was a matter for the New York Court. But leaving questions
of the merits aside, there is force in Mr Lee’s contention that if an anti-
suit injunction is granted, HLF would suffer prejudice because it may be
deprived of any meaningful ability to pursue this claim in New York.

77 A lost of a potential juridical advantage is a factor to be considered in
deciding whether to grant an anti-suit injunction since the court is concerned
with the ends of justice (see Lord Goff’s comments in _Lee Kui Jak_ at 896 for
the general rule that the court will not grant an injunction if, by doing so,
it will deprive the defendant of advantages in the foreign forum of which it
would be unjust to deprive him).

78 I also agreed with Mr Lee that it seems practical and expedient to let
HLF’s equitable subrogation claim proceed in the same forum as the US Class
Action because its outcome is dependent on the result of the US Class
Action.[note: 16]

Conclusion on whether NY Proceedings were vexatious or oppressive

79 In light of the above, I find that apart from the plaintiffs failing to
show that Singapore is the natural forum, the NY Proceedings were legitimately
brought by HLF and were not vexatious or oppressive.

Comity Considerations

80 In addition to my findings above, I am also of the view that considerations
of international comity have an impact on this application.

81 Taking a commonsensical approach, and having particular regard to the fact
that the NY Proceedings have, to borrow from the words of the HLF’s expert, “
_the same core nucleus of operative facts as the claims asserted in [the Class
Action]_ ”[note: 17] and that the equitable subrogation claim sought by HLF
largely depends on the outcome of the US Class Action, it would in my view be
contrary to considerations of comity to restrain HLF’s NY Proceedings.

Conclusion

82 In the end, I was satisfied that Singapore was not clearly the most
appropriate forum for the resolution of the disputes pleaded by HLF in the NY
Proceedings. This is one case where this court could, in accordance with the
ends of justice, help to ensure that all claims concerning the plaintiffs in
relation to the Pinnacle Notes are heard in one jurisdiction by refusing to
grant an anti-suit injunction. HLF’s action in New York will, subject to any
decision of the New York Court, continue in New York.

83 I therefore refused the plaintiffs’ application in OS 798/2012 with costs
fixed at $35,000 plus reasonable disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]Christopher David Jackson’s 1st Affidavit at p 1960-2682.

[note: 2]Christopher David Jackson’s 1st Affidavit, Exhibit marked CJ-15.

[note: 3]October Order at p 12, Christopher David Jackson’s 1st Affidavit,
Exhibit marked CJ-15.

[note: 4]Ian Macdonald’s 1st Affidavit at [28].

[note: 5]Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions at [93].

[note: 6]Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions at [16].

[note: 7]Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions at [14], [113] and [114].

[note: 8]Notes of Arguments dated 19 November 2012.

[note: 9]Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions at [93].

[note: 10]HLF’s Written Submissions at [37].

[note: 11]October Order at p 11, Christopher David Jackson’s 1st Affidavit,
Exhibit marked CJ-15.

[note: 12]HLF’s Written Submissions at [16].

[note: 13]HLF’s Written Submissions at [17].

[note: 14]HLF’s Written Submissions at [18].

[note: 15]HLF’s Written Submissions at [168].

[note: 16]HLF’s Written Submissions at [168].

[note: 17]HLF’s New York Law Expert Report at [25].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Apr 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

