Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2668 _v_ Rott George Hugo  
[2013] SGHC 114

Case Number| :| District Court Appeal No 23 of 2012/W  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 May 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ramasamy Chettiar and Sarjeet Singh (ACIES Law
Corporation) for the appellant; Boey Swee Siang (ATMD Bird & Bird LLP) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2668 — Rott George
Hugo  
  
27 May 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the learned District Judge David
Lim (“the DJ”) in District Court Suit No 3597 of 2008/K (“the DC Suit”). It
concerns a slip accident in which George Hugo Rott (“the Respondent”) was
injured. The accident occurred in 2007 at the car park of a condominium
managed by the Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No. 2668 (“the
Appellant”). The DJ found that the Appellant had breached its duty of care
towards the Respondent, and held the Appellant 35% liable. The Appellant has
now appealed against his decision.

2 The factual issues are relatively straightforward and pertain simply to
whether the Appellant had been negligent in failing to ensure that the car
park was free of oil patches and water puddles. Because of a recent landmark
decision by the Court of Appeal on occupier’s liability (see [20] below), an
interesting point of law relating to the general tort of negligence _vis-a-
vis_ occupier’s liability has arisen and needs to be addressed in this appeal,
as it was an issue raised in the Appellant’s submissions.

3 After considering the parties’ arguments and further arguments, I am
dismissing the appeal. However, I am also increasing the Respondent’s share of
contributory negligence from 65% to 75% and give my reasons below.

The Facts

4 The salient facts are not in dispute and are set out briefly below.

5 The Respondent was a subsidiary proprietor and resident of The Equatorial
(“the Condominium”) located along Stevens Road.

6 CBM Pte Ltd (“the second defendant”) was a party to the DC Suit. It was the
cleaning contractor engaged by the Appellant to carry out cleaning services
within the Condominium’s premises.

7 On 19 June 2007, at about 7.15pm, the Respondent was walking in the basement
car park of the Condominium when he slipped and fell after he stepped on what
seemed like a normal puddle of water on the ground. The puddle was in fact
some water thrown over a patch of oil (“the slippery patch”). It is not
disputed that the Respondent saw the slippery patch and consciously stepped
into it, as there were numerous other puddles around and he thought it would
be inconvenient to avoid each and every puddle. The Respondent’s wife on the
other hand circumvented the slippery patch by walking around it. As a result
of the fall, the Respondent sustained injuries to his knee and right shoulder.
He then commenced an action against the first and second defendants for
damages.

The Trial Judge’s Decision

8 In the trial below, the Respondent’s case against the Appellant proceeded on
two fronts, _viz_ , an action under occupier’s liability and another under a
general duty of care:

(a) under occupier’s liability – for failure to prevent damage or injury to
the Respondent, as an invitee, from any unusual danger in the basement car
park which the Appellant knew or ought to know of and which the Respondent did
not know about;

(b) under a general duty of care – for failure to use all reasonable care to
prevent harm to the Respondent as a user of the basement car park through its
failure to

(i) ensure that the terms of the cleaning services agreement were adequate for
keeping the basement car park free of oil patches and water puddles at all
times; and/or

(ii) put in place at the time of the accident an adequate inspection and
cleaning system to ensure that the floor of the basement car park was
regularly checked for and cleaned of oil patches and water puddles.

9 The Respondent’s case against the second defendant was one under a general
duty of care. The DJ eventually found the second defendant not liable. Hence,
it is not a party to this appeal. As against the Appellant, the Respondent’s
action under occupier’s liability failed as the DJ found that the Respondent
could not prove the second and third elements of the test because:

(a) the slippery patch was **not** unusual to him, having regard to the nature
of the premises and his knowledge; and

(b) the slippery patch was **not** unknown to him, and its significance was
appreciated by him.

10 However, even though the DJ found that the action based on occupier’s
liability failed, he went on to find that the Appellant had breached its duty
to the Respondent to use reasonable care to prevent harm to the latter when he
was using the basement car park. The Respondent’s claim under a general duty
of care therefore succeeded. The findings of the DJ under this issue form the
crux of this appeal and merit elaboration.

11 In coming to his decision, the learned DJ relied on two main points.

12 First, he found that the cleaning services agreement and the security guard
agreement which the Appellant used in engaging the cleaners and security
guards respectively did not provide for any services to address the presence
of oil patches and water puddles. The only related service provided for was
for “Sweeping”, and this would not include the removal of oil patches. Since
it was foreseeable that cars parked in the car park can and do sometimes leak
oil and water on the floor, by not including a clear provision in the
agreements, those agreements were thus inadequate to ensure the safety of
users of the car park.

13 Second, following the first point, the DJ found that there was no system to
address the presence of oil patches and water puddles in the car park. The
only system in place in relation to the cleaning of the car park was two
sessions of sweeping at 8.30am and 3pm by the cleaners, a visual inspection at
4.45pm, and _ad hoc_ inspections by the security guards after the work shift
of the cleaners had ended. However, this was inadequate because:

(a) after the cleaners’ work shift hours each day (5pm on normal days and 2pm
on weekends and public holidays), there were no cleaners available to clean up
any oil patches or water puddles; and

(b) the security guards were not told nor did they conduct regular inspections
of the basement car park for oil patches and water puddles after the cleaners
had left. Neither were there any precautionary measures to ensure that any oil
patches or water puddles that they found did not pose a danger to users of the
car park.

14 Following from the above two observations, the DJ found that the Appellant
had failed to engage proper services and to establish a reasonable system for
the basement car park to be inspected and cleaned at regular intervals. This
could result in oil patches or water puddles which would be a danger to users.
Therefore, he found that the Appellant had failed to use reasonable care to
prevent harm to the Respondent as a user of the car park.

15 The DJ went on to find that causation was established (which will be
elaborated on below). In summary, he found that if a proper system was
established, there was a “slightly better than 50% chance of the slippery
patch” being discovered and thus properly dealt with, preventing the slip
accident from occurring. Therefore, the breach of duty of reasonable care in
failing to establish a proper system “caused” the Respondent to suffer damage.
However, because the Respondent had consciously stepped into the slippery
patch, he apportioned 65% liability to the Respondent.

The issues in this appeal

16 When the appeal first came before this court, the Appellant’s appeal
pertained solely to the DJ’s findings under a general duty of care. Under the
general duty of care, the Appellant argued that:

(a) the DJ had erred in law by holding that the service agreements and the
“system” in place was inadequate (“the maintenance system”), thus finding that
the Appellant had not taken reasonable care to prevent harm to the Respondent;
and

(b) the DJ had erred in law by finding that the inadequate maintenance system
had caused the injury to the Respondent.

17 Both parties initially did not raise any issues with regard to the DJ’s
findings on occupier’s liability, and understandably so, since the Appellant
was not liable under occupier’s liability, and the Respondent was successful
in his action under a general duty of care. The parties proceeded on the
assumption that an action under occupier’s liability and one under a general
duty of care were distinct and separate actions. However, in the midst of the
appeal, the issue of whether there could be concurrent liabilities under both
occupier’s liability and a general duty of care was raised, and parties were
invited to submit further arguments to address the court on this issue.

18 After considering the issue, the Appellant included a further argument in
its appeal, taking the position that it was not possible to have concurrent
liabilities, and since the action under occupier’s liability had failed, the
Respondent should not have been allowed to take a second bite at the cherry
through an action under a general duty of care. Not surprisingly, the
Respondent argued that it was possible to have concurrent liabilities, and
even if that was not possible, the cases establishing that there should not be
concurrent liabilities were distinguishable from the facts in the present
case.

19 There are therefore three broad issues before this court:

(a) how should the DJ’s findings be viewed in the light of recent developments
in the law regarding concurrent liabilities under occupier’s liability and a
general duty of care?

(b) did the Appellant fail to take reasonable care in preventing harm to the
Respondent by failing to establish an adequate system to address oil patches
and water puddles, thereby causing him to sustain the injuries?

(c) did the Respondent’s actions affect the apportionment, if any, of
liability on the part of the Appellant?

How does _See Toh Siew Kee v Ho Ah Lam Ferrocement (Pte) Ltd and others_
[2013] SGCA 29 (“ _See Toh (CA)_ ”) affect this Appeal (if at all)?

20 In the High Court case of _See Toh Siew Kee v Ho Ah Lam Ferrocement (Pte)
Ltd and others_ [2012] 3 SLR 227, the plaintiff, See Toh Siew Kee, claimed
damages against Ho Ah Lam Ferrocement (Private Limited), Lal Offshore Marine
Pte Ltd, and Asian Lift Pte Ltd, under occupier’s liability and the tort of
negligence for injuries he had sustained. The other facts of the case are not
important, and the relevant issue was whether the defendants had concurrent
duties under occupier’s liability and negligence. After examining the
jurisprudence on the issue, Woo Bih Li J at [109] held:

I see no reason why an occupier should have concurrent liabilities when others
have only one. I conclude that an occupier does not have concurrent
liabilities and his liability is part of the law of negligence.

Woo Bih Li J went on to dismiss the plaintiff’s claim against all defendants.
See Toh Siew Kee then appealed against his decision.

21 The similar issue of concurrent duties was raised again in the Court of
Appeal. After examining the historical origins of occupier’s liability and
referring to the evolutionary paths of occupier’s liability in numerous
jurisdictions (see _See Toh (CA)_ from [20] to [75]), the Court at Appeal held
that the principles governing occupiers’ liability were a proper subset of the
general principles of the law of negligence. At [113], V K Rajah JA concluded
unequivocally that:

The traditional common law rules on occupiers’ liability have long been and
currently still remain riddled with archaic and confusing distinctions at both
the initial level of the static-dynamic dichotomy and the subsequent level of
the invitee-licensee-trespasser trichotomy (see [26]–[48] above).
Unfortunately, for close to two centuries, this classificatory quagmire has
been unquestioningly adopted as part of Singapore law. The roots of this
approach can be traced to the Second Charter of Justice of 1826, which
mandated the reception of English law in the Straits Settlements. For the
reasons given above (at [49]–[76]), the dead hand of the traditional common
law rules on occupiers’ liability should now be buried. The time has come to
unambiguously hold that **the law on occupiers’ liability in Singapore is a
mere subset of the general law of negligence, and I so determine**. (emphasis
added)

22 As a result of _See Toh (CA)_ , it is clear that all claims under
occupier’s liability should now be analysed under the general law of
negligence. Therefore, although the DJ dealt with both the law of occupier’s
liability and negligence, applying _See Toh (CA)_ , this appeal should only be
considered under the general law of negligence.

Did the Appellant fail to take reasonable care in preventing harm to the
Respondent by failing to establish an adequate system to address oil patches
and water puddles, thereby causing him to sustain the injuries?

The Applicable Law

23 It is trite law that in order to succeed in an action in negligence, the
plaintiff must show

(a) the existence of a duty of care owed by the defendant to the plaintiff;

(b) the defendant must have breached this duty of care to the plaintiff; and

(c) the defendant’s breach must have caused the damage suffered by the
plaintiff; in addition, the resulting damage should not be too remote, and
must be capable of being adequately proved and quantified’

(See _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency_
[2007] 4 SLR 100 at [21]) (“ _Spandeck_ ”). I should add that in the
Appellant’s further submissions, it was conceded that under the _Spandeck_
test, the Appellant owed a duty of care to the Respondent (assuming _See Toh
(CA)_ applied retrospectively which I am of the view it does).

Did the Appellant owe the Respondent a duty of care?

24 Following the decision in _See Toh (CA)_ , it cannot be disputed that as
occupiers having control over the car park, the Appellant owed a duty of care
to the Respondent to exercise reasonable care. As observed by the Court of
Appeal in _See Toh (CA)_ at [80]:

In so far as cases of _lawful_ entrants are concerned (_ie_ , entrants whose
circumstances of entry to an occupier’s property can be definitively said, on
a balance of probabilities, to be lawful), circumstantial proximity is
tautologically present in the occupier-lawful entrant relationship. To
elaborate, the hallmark of a lawful entrant’s presence on an occupier’s
premises is consent to his presence on the part of the occupier; it is this
consent, which grounds the occupier-lawful entrant relationship and justifies
a legal finding that there is proximity between the occupier and the lawful
entrant. **I thus hold that under the first limb of the****
_Spandeck_****approach, the**** _vast majority_****of occupiers having control
of the property which they occupy and/or the activities carried out there****
_de jure_****owe a**** _prima facie_****duty of care to lawful
entrants.…**[emphasis in original]

25 It should be noted that the Court of Appeal in _See Toh (CA)_ was split as
to whether occupiers owe a _prima facie_ duty of care towards lawful entrants.
However, even if I were to adopt Sundaresh Menon CJ’s view that whether a duty
of care was owed should be decided on a case-by-case basis, I see no reason
why such a duty should not be imposed on the Appellant. The Appellant sought
to argue that the Respondent was akin to a “reckless thrill-seeker”, similar
to the plaintiff in _State of South Australia v Wilmot_ (1993) 62 SASR 562 (“
_Wilmot_ ”), and therefore, a duty of care should not be imposed on the
Appellant. In my view, the facts in _Wilmot_ are clearly distinguishable and
have no application to this case. As the Court of Appeal in _See Toh (CA)_ at
[85] observed:

The key distinguishing feature between _Stone_ and _Wilmot_ seems to be that
of culpability on the part of the respective entrants. In _Stone_ , the then
11-year-old plaintiff did not know better and was allured by a particular rock
face in the disused quarry. In _Wilmot_ , the respondent trial bike rider rode
on the disused land _precisely_ because she knew it was dangerous: it was the
peril that made it exciting to ride there. In a _Wilmot-_ type situation, the
law would be loathe to reward a reckless thrill-seeker (for completeness, this
would also be relevant to the defence of _volenti non fit injuria_).
…[emphasis in _italics_ original]

I accept the Appellant’s submission that the Respondent should be faulted for
consciously stepping into the slippery patch. However, this does not mean he
is akin to a “reckless thrill-seeker”. There was no “thrill” that the
Respondent was seeking, and furthermore, even if there was an assumption of
risk, the Respondent had no inkling that the water puddle was in fact an oil
patch. Therefore, I am of the view that the Respondent’s conduct would be more
relevant on the issue of contributory negligence, than in establishing a duty
of care. This aspect will be considered later.

Did the Appellant breach this duty of care?

26 The Appellant’s central argument was that the maintenance system put in
place was **not** inadequate in ensuring that the car park was generally safe
for users, and therefore, the Appellant could not have been said to have
failed to take reasonable care to prevent harm to the Respondent. In essence,
the legal question that must be answered is “ _what is the appropriate
standard of care to which the Appellant should be held?”_ While it is not
disputed that the guiding principle in assessing the standard of care is the
standard of a reasonable person (see _Chandran a/l Subbiah v Dockers Marine
Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 786 at [21], citing with approval Alderson B in _Blyth v
The Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Waterworks_ (1856) 11 Ex 781),
there is no doubt that this depends primarily on the factual matrix, and that
a certain amount of judicial discretion is required to decide what standard of
care is to be imposed.

27 In determining the appropriate standard of care in this case, I considered
the following factors as suggested by Gary Chan Kok Yew & Lee Pey Woan in _The
Law of Torts in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2011) (“ _Gary Chan_ ”) at
Chapter 5:

(a) the likelihood and risks of harm;

(b) the extent of harm;

(c) the costs of avoiding harm; and

(d) the industry standards and common practice.

28 Given that the Respondent’s fall took place in a car park, it was
foreseeable that the parked cars would sometimes leak oil and water on the
floor. Further, it was not disputed that residents at the Condominium would
often wash their cars in the car park, often resulting in water puddles on the
floor. The risk of residents walking and slipping as a result of such water
puddles and oil patches was thus a very real risk which the Appellant should
have reasonably contemplated. On the other hand, I accepted the Appellant’s
point that it would be unreasonable to expect the Appellant to have a “24/7”
lookout for oil patches. The occasional presence of water puddles and oil
patches in car parks was to be expected, and users were similarly expected to
take a certain amount of precaution when using the car park.

29 After reviewing the findings of the DJ, I am of the view that the
maintenance system put in place was indeed inadequate, and thus the Appellant
fell below its expected standard of care. My reasons are as follows:

(a) as I have observed earlier, the presence of oil patches and water puddles
in the car park was a very likely occurrence of which the Appellant would have
cognizance. While users were expected to take precautions, the Appellant as
the party having greater control over the premises should bear greater
responsibility in ensuring that the car park was safe for users. While a
“24/7” maintenance system was not feasible, the system put in place should be
sufficiently comprehensive to ensure that the presence of water puddles and
oil patches was addressed; and

(b) I agree with the DJ that the first shortcoming of the Appellant was that
the cleaning or security guard services engaged did not _specifically_ provide
for the cleaning of such oil patches and water puddles. At the very least,
there was a responsibility on the Appellant to ensure that basic services
ensuring the safe use of the car park were provided. If the presence of oil
patches and water puddles in the car park was prevalent, there should be no
excuse for not engaging services to address the problem. As observed by Rajah
JA in _See Toh (CA)_ at [96], an occupier is the least-cost avoider, and thus,
the responsibility in this case largely fell on the Appellant to ensure that
such basic services were provided.

30 The Appellant had raised two contentions with regard to this finding, which
I now address.

31 First, the Appellant argued that the agreements used were “of the standard
type and used in other condominiums”, implying that if this was the industry
practice, it should not be found liable if it had merely followed what
everyone else was doing. While industry standards or practices may be useful
in determining the standard of care (see for example, _The Emma Maersk_ [2006]
SGHC 180), as _Gary Chan_ at para 05.033 observes:

[A]dhering to common practice may not guarantee that the defendant would be
absolved of liability where the practice is undesirable.

If this was indeed an industry standard agreement that was used, without
laying down a general rule, I am inclined to find that such an agreement would
generally be found to be inadequate in dealing with oil patches and water
puddles. Ignoring the possibility that “actual practices” (the second argument
the Appellant raised which I will deal with subsequently) could adequately
deal with such hazards, based on the agreements alone, the simple provision of
“sweeping” services clearly did not address the problem of oil patches and
water puddles.

32 Second, the Appellant argued that a poorly drafted agreement _per se_
cannot amount to an inadequate system. Following on from this point, the
Appellant argued that the _actual practice_ was that the cleaners did remove
oil patches with chemicals.

33 I agree with the Appellant that a poorly drafted agreement _per se_ should
not amount to an inadequate system. A “maintenance system” effectively
comprises what services were formally engaged and how such services were
actually carried out. Ideally, there should be a responsibility on management
corporations to ensure that their condominiums’ premises are well maintained
on both counts – proper services should be formally engaged, and those
services should be properly carried out. However, it is understandable that it
may be practically impossible to exhaustively provide for every single
cleaning duty formally. In this situation, it must be shown that “actual
practices”, manifested in a _proper and accountable system_ , are in place to
address varying situations when the need arises. If so, then a poorly drafted
agreement _per se_ will not amount to an “inadequate system”.

34 In this case however, the fault on the part of the Appellant was not so
much having imperfectly worded service agreements, but the fact that the
actual practice was inadequate in dealing with water puddles and oil patches.
This was the second shortcoming of the Appellant. After considering the
evidence before him, the DJ’s finding on the “actual practices” which occurred
may be summarized as follows:

(a) cleaners would sweep the car park twice daily, once at 8.30am and again at
3pm. There was no evidence as to whether regular inspections for oil patches
and water puddles were carried out in the interval between those two timings;

(b) a visual inspection for oil patches and water puddles was conducted at
4.45pm every day before the cleaners ended their work shift for the day;

(c) there was no proper system in place whereby the security guards would,
after the work shift of the cleaners ended, be the ones to conduct regular
inspections of the car park for oil patches and water puddles; and

(d) there was no proper system in place whereby the security guards, if they
had discovered any oil patches or water puddles, would take precautionary
measures (such as the putting up of warning signs or placing newspapers over
them) to ensure that car park users were alerted.

35 I do not disagree with the factual findings of the DJ. In my view such a
system was inadequate to deal with the presence of oil patches and water
puddles in the car park. There were only two timings allocated for cleaning
throughout the whole day. In the interval between those timings, given the
lack of evidence proving otherwise and since nothing else was stated in the
service agreements, I would assume that any further inspections or cleaning
were at best done on an _ad hoc_ basis. There was also no proper system put in
place for security guards to deal with such hazards. If a proper schedule or
protocol had been put in place, there would be no difficulty in producing
documentary proof of the same. In fact, as observed by the DJ, it was telling
that a system was quickly implemented after the Respondent’s accident, where
cleaners and security guards were put on duty on a regular schedule and to
check for oil spills respectively.

36 Therefore, on the whole, I find that the maintenance system in place at the
material time was inadequate to deal with oil spills and water puddles in the
car park. Consequently, the Appellant had fallen short of the standard of duty
required to take reasonable care to prevent harm to the Respondent.

Did the Appellant’s failure to take reasonable care cause the Respondent to
sustain damage?

37 The DJ found that causation was established because if there had been a
proper system in place, there was a “slightly better than 50% chance of the
slippery patch” being discovered and thus properly dealt with, preventing the
slip accident from occurring. While I may not agree with a “percentage” method
of assessing the adequacy of a maintenance system, I am of the view that
causation had been established.

38 As opined by the Court of Appeal in _The Cherry and others_ [2003] 1 SLR(R)
471 at [68], establishing causation is a matter of “common sense”. A simple
application of the “but for” test shows that the Appellant, in failing to
establish an adequate system to deal with oil patches and water puddles, was
one possible cause of the Respondent’s injuries. However, the legal inquiry at
the end of the day is to find out “the effective cause of the damage in order
to pin down legal liability or responsibility.” (see _Gary Chan_ at para
06.023)

39 As a matter of causation, the main plank of the Appellant’s argument was
that even if it was to be found negligent, the effective cause of the damage
would be the Respondent’s act of knowingly stepping into the slippery patch.
Therefore, the negligence of the Appellant was not one of the causes or
rather, it was not the dominant or effective cause of his fall. The Appellant
was invoking the doctrine of _novus actus interveniens_ , where the
Respondent’s conduct was so unreasonable that it could be said to break the
chain of causation.

40 What then, is the extent of unreasonable conduct sufficient to break the
chain of causation? In _PlanAssure PAC v Gaelic Inns Pte Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR(R)
513, the Court of Appeal at [100] opined that only when the plaintiff’s
conduct was so “reckless” or “deliberate”, amounting to a “high degree of
culpability” would the chain of causation be broken. Likewise, the Court of
Appeal in _TV Media Pte Ltd v De Cruz Andrea Heidi_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 543 at
[76] found that only when the plaintiff’s conduct was so “wholly unreasonable”
would it then constitute a _novus actus interveniens_. It is only where the
act or omission of a party is of such a nature as to constitute a wholly
independent cause of the damage that the intervening conduct may be termed a
_novus actus interveniens_ (_Muirhead v Industrial Tank Specialities Ltd_
[1986] QB 507).

41 Applying the foregoing principles, I find that the Respondent’s conduct,
while clearly foolish and unwise, did not amount to conduct so reckless or
wholly unreasonable such that it broke the chain of causation. However, his
conduct would be relevant in the apportionment of liability which I now turn
to consider.

Did the Respondent’s actions affect the apportionment, if any, of liability on
the part of the Appellant?

42 The apportionment of liability under the defence of contributory negligence
requires the court to take into consideration the relative “blameworthiness”
of the parties (see _Parno v SC Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 377 at [61] (“
_Parno_ ”)). The following considerations of the Appellant and the Respondent
were relevant to the apportionment of liability:

(a) on the part of the Appellant, as management with control over the
premises, there was a greater responsibility to ensure the safety of the
residents. In _Parno_ , the Court of Appeal at [66] opined that “the whole
object of the law imposing a duty on employers to provide a safe system of
work [was] precisely to protect an employee from his own inadvertence or
carelessness.” Drawing an analogy with employers and their employees, a
parallel degree of responsibility should also be placed on the Appellant. The
Appellant had been entrusted with the power and responsibility to manage the
Condominium, and should be cognizant of any dangers or risks posed to
residents. As discussed above, I find that the maintenance system put in place
was far from satisfactory in addressing the problem of water puddles and oil
patches, and more could have been done to better address the safety of
residents; and

(b) on the part of the Respondent, I agree with the DJ’s findings and repeat
some of the points made earlier. It was common sense to appreciate the fact
that puddles of water can make the floor slippery. One who knowingly steps
into a puddle of water must realise the risk of slipping and falling. Further,
given the prevalent practice of car washing in car parks including the car
park in the Condominium, water puddles should be expected. The Respondent was
well aware of this fact, and was also aware of the presence of oil patches in
the car park. In the trial below, the Respondent sought to argue that the
puddle was so large and that there were so many water puddles around that it
would be impossible to avoid stepping into one. I agree with the DJ that this
was an exaggeration, and that if the Respondent had been more mindful, it
would have been reasonable to expect him to at least attempt to avoid the
slippery patch (as his wife did) instead of stepping straight into it.

43 Therefore, in considering the relative blameworthiness, on the one hand,
the Appellant was to be faulted for not having a proper system to address the
hazards in the car park. On the other hand, the Respondent was blameworthy in
knowingly stepping into the slippery patch with full knowledge of the risks
that it entailed.

44 Given those considerations, I find that a greater degree of blameworthiness
should be attributed to the Respondent than the 65% liability the DJ had
apportioned to him. I therefore hold that the Respondent should bear 75%
liability for the slip accident and the Appellant’s liability is
correspondingly reduced to 25%.

Conclusion

45 This was a case where both parties were at fault. Management committees of
condominiums should take heed that the safety of residents is important in the
discharge of their responsibilities. The proper engagement of services and the
proper implementation of systems to discharge their responsibilities should be
a matter of priority. At the same time, residents have a responsibility to act
reasonably for their own safety.

46 Notwithstanding that this appeal is dismissed, in view of the adjustment in
the apportionment of liability, the Appellant shall have ¼ of the costs of
this appeal (including disbursements) which are to be taxed unless otherwise
agreed. The security for costs shall be refunded to the Appellant’s
solicitors.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 May 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

