Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Telemedia Pacific Group Ltd _v_ Credit Agricole (Suisse) SA (Yeh Mao-Yuan,
third party)  
[2013] SGHC 40

Case Number| :| Suit No 379 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 17 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 February 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  John Wang Shing Chun and Eugene Leong Fu Sheng (RHTLaw
Taylor Wessing LLP) for the appellant/third party; Benedict Teo Chun-Wei and
Ng Sook Zhen (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent/defendant.  
Parties| :|  Telemedia Pacific Group Ltd — Credit Agricole (Suisse) SA (Yeh
Mao-Yuan, third party)  
  
19 February 2013| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 In this action, the plaintiff, a company incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands sued the defendant bank for breach of mandate in acting on the
unauthorised signature of the third party. The defendant claimed that the
third party was an authorised signatory. The thrust of the plaintiff’s claim
was that the defendant acted on the third party’s unauthorised instructions,
transferred 225 million shares in NexGen (which the plaintiff had deposited
with the defendant) to parties not entitled to the shares.

2 The defendant joined the third party in this suit but the common position
pleaded by the defendant and the third party was that the third party was an
authorised signatory of the plaintiff. The defendant averred that the third
party had represented himself to be an authorised signatory of the plaintiff.
The defendant averred that in documents which it will rely upon at trial the
third party had acknowledged that he was an authorised signatory. However, the
defendant also averred that the third party had represented to the defendant’s
representative in October 2011 that one Hartanto knew that the third party was
authorised to operate the plaintiff’s account on his single signature. The
third party applied for further and better particulars of the statement above
and specifically sought the names of the defendant’s representatives to whom
the third party was alleged to have made the representation. In his written
submission, Mr John Wang, counsel for the third party, reiterated that the
third party “maintains that at all material times, he was an authorised
signatory of the plaintiff’s account, and was authorised to operate the
plaintiff’s account singly”.

3 The assistant registrar dismissed the third party’s application for the
particulars sought and he appealed. Mr Wang relied on para 18/12/2 of the
Singapore Civil Procedure 2013 (“the White Book”) and quoted the following
passage in his submission:

**General** —The requirement to give particulars reflects the overriding
principle that the litigation between the parties, and particular the trial,
should be conducted fairly, openly and without surprises...The function of
particulars is accordingly:

(1)to inform the other side of the nature of the case that they have to
meet...

(2)to prevent the other side from being taken by surprise at the trial...

(3)to enable the other side to know with what evidence they ought to be
prepared and to prepare for trial.

Mr Wang then referred to _Sharikat Logistics Pte Ltd v Ong Boon Chuan_ [2011]
SGHC 196, a decision of this court and to paragraph 10 of that decision where
I held as follows:

In the first category of particulars sought, the defendants in question
referred to the allegations that TG Properties and TG Realty were companies
under the control of the first and fourth defendants, and wanted the plaintiff
to set out “all facts and circumstances relied upon by the plaintiff in
alleging such control”. This is a classic example of unnecessary
particularisation. All the defendants need to do is to deny that there is such
control or that if there was, to plead that the fact of such control was
irrelevant to the case.

Mr Wang submitted that _Sharikat_ , which was relied upon by Mr Benedict Teo,
counsel for the defendant, was not reported and “is not even cited in the
Singapore Civil Procedure 2013”. Mr Wang further cited para 18/12/28 of the
White Book, which states as follows:

(25) _Misrepresentation_ —Particulars of any misrepresentation must be
contained in the pleading. The state of claim must show the nature and extent
of each alleged misrepresentation ... by whom _and to whom it was made_ ...
(_Seligmann v. Young_ [1884] W.N. 93).

[emphasis added]

Mr Wang argued that when a plaintiff claims that a defendant had made an oral
representation to him, he must tell that defendant the name of the person to
whom the oral representation was made. He further argued that a defendant
cannot be refused the identity of the person receiving the representation just
because the defendant denies making the representation.

4 Paragraph 18/12/2 of the White Book quoted by Mr Wang was clearly an
introductory description of the general function of pleadings. A litigation
proceeds step by step, beginning with a letter-before-action, the writ and the
statement of claim, the discovery and interrogatories, the affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, and finally, the trial, which opens with the opening
statement and the cross-examination of witnesses, the re-examination of those
witnesses, and the closing address or submissions. Indeed, the general idea is
to let the defendant know what the claim is so that he can plead his defence.
That is the main test as to whether further and better particulars are
required. _Sharikat_ did not lay down any new law. It is an application of
established practice and was concerned with the application of the procedure
for further and better particulars. It was a reminder that pleadings should
not be confused with discovery, interrogatories, and evidence. It is also
important that the pleadings should not be prolix because the other procedures
in the interlocutory stage and the trial itself will expand according to the
size and nature of the pleadings. The aim of the interlocutory process is to
ensure that the issues at trial are narrowed as much as possible so that the
trial can be conducted expeditiously.

5 It is the cause of action with sufficient particulars for the defendant to
plead his defence that must be pleaded. Only particulars without which the
defendant is unable to plead his defence will be allowed. Thus every case will
differ on the facts as to how much detail is required to meet the requirements
of the cause of action and the sufficiency of particulars to enable a
defendant to know what he has to plead in his defence. In the present case, Mr
Wang’s client clearly accepts that he was an authorised signatory for the
plaintiff. The plaintiff’s claim against the defendant depended on the fact
that he (the third party) was not so authorised. The defendant agrees with the
third party. Indeed, the defendant need only plead that the third party was an
authorised signatory, a fact confirmed by the third party and thus not in
issue. Thus the identity of the person to whom the representation was made is
not necessary for the third party’s defence. The reference in the White Book
that Mr Wang referred to (para 18/12/28) is a general proposition and applies
to cases in which the representation and the truth it purports to bear are
denied and thus are issues for trial as between the parties. Here, the truth
that the representation purports to bear (that the third party was an
authorised signatory) is not denied by the third party. Mr Teo submitted that
if the third party wishes to know if he needed to adduce evidence in rebuttal
on the assertion in question the place and time to do that would be at the
time for serving interrogatories. Mr Wang argued that that cannot be the case
because he would not be permitted to “ask for names of persons merely as being
the witnesses whom the other party is going to call.” He cited _Marriott v
Chamberlain_ [1887] 17 QBD 154 in support. As a matter of general principle,
that would be right, but the defendant in _Marriott_ was not merely asking for
the names of witnesses. He was asking for the names of people forming
substantial parts of material facts. In the present case, the names are not
essential in the issue concerning the defendant and the third party. The names
of the persons were not necessary for the third party to file its defence
against the defendant in this case. I agree that should it become necessary
for preparation for trial, the third party is entitled to serve
interrogatories for the names of the persons concerned; but that is the next
stage in the process.

6 For the reasons above, the appeal is dismissed. I will hear submissions on
costs at a later date if parties are unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Feb 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

