Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Excalibur Land (S) Pte Ltd _v_ Win-Win Aluminium Systems Pte Ltd and
another  
[2013] SGHC 112

Case Number| :| Suit No 538 of 2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 May 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Marina Chin and Kang Zhi Ni (Tan Kok Quan Partnership)
for the plaintiff; Edwin Lee Peng Khoon, Lawrence Tan and Lai Yin Ting (Eldan
Law LLP) for the defendants  
Parties| :|  Excalibur Land (S) Pte Ltd — Win-Win Aluminium Systems Pte Ltd
and another  
  
22 May 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 In these protracted proceedings, a developer Excalibur Land (S) Pte Ltd
(“the plaintiff”) engaged Win-Win Aluminium Systems Pte Ltd (“the first
defendant”) as a subcontractor to carry out aluminium cladding and curtain
wall works (“the works”) for an industrial building that was constructed by
the plaintiff at Ubi Avenue 1, Singapore known as “The Excalibur” (“the
project”) in 1998. Leck Kim Koon (“the second defendant”) was a director of
the first defendant.

2 The dispute between the parties centred on the first defendant’s purchase of
a unit #08-13 (“the unit”) in the project. The first defendant alleged that it
was required to purchase a unit in the project in order to secure the
subcontract for the works from the plaintiff. The first defendant further
alleged that the plaintiff inflated the price of the unit in order to report a
higher transaction sale price for units in the project and had promised the
first defendant that it would correspondingly increase the subcontract sum for
the works, which would then be set off against the inflated price of the unit.
However, (again according to the first defendant), the plaintiff subsequently
reneged on its promise of a set off; hence this suit. This suit has taken
twelve years to come on for trial due to numerous supervening events.

The chronology of events

3 The _dramatis personae_ involved in the project and/or in these proceedings
were/are the following:

(a) Tavica Design Pte Ltd (“Tavica”) now known as Crescendas Pte Ltd, which
was the main contractor of the project;

(b) Lawrence Leow Chin Hin (“Lawrence”), who was a shareholder of the
plaintiff as well as of Tavica at the material time and his brother Michael
Leow Chin Huat (“Michael”) who was the general manager of both companies;

(c) Loh Kum Yin William (“William”), the former general manager of the first
defendant;

(d) Sim Piak How (“Sim”), the managing director of the first defendant;

(e) Dennis Yeo (“Dennis”) and Tan Boon Leong (“Boon Leong”), the managing-
director and senior manager respectively, of Colliers Jardine (“Colliers”),
who at the material time was the plaintiff’s marketing agent for the project;
and

(f) The second defendant.

4 The first defendant was invited to tender for the works in July 1998 and it
submitted its quotation on 31 July 1998. Between August and September 1998,
the first defendant through William was engaged in on-going negotiations with
Lawrence and Michael for the subcontract for the works.

5 According to the first defendant, at a meeting held on 2 October 1998
between the parties, the plaintiff agreed to award the subcontract for the
works to the first defendant on condition that the latter purchased a unit in
the project. The first defendant selected the unit and its purchase price was
agreed at $300 per sq ft for the unit’s enclosed area and $70 per sq ft for
the unit’s open balcony area, so that the unit’s total sale price was
$509,250. At the same meeting, it was further agreed that payments due to the
first defendant under the subcontract for carrying out the works would be set
off against progress payments due under the sale and purchase agreement for
the unit.

6 It was the first defendant’s case that between 4 and 8 October 1998,
Lawrence requested that the sale price of the unit be inflated by $89,000
(“the sum”) to $598,250 so that the plaintiff could report a higher selling
price. Lawrence assured the first defendant that the first defendant would not
be affected as the sum would be incorporated as a design fee in the
subcontract for the works awarded to the first defendant. Once payment was due
for the unit, the first defendant could raise an invoice for the sum as the
design fee, to offset the same amount due for the unit.

7 On 3 October 1998, the first defendant wrote to the plaintiff to confirm
what transpired at the parties’ meeting in [5], that the first defendant’s
final price for the works would be $1,713,711.89, and that the first defendant
would purchase the unit based on $300 and $70 per sq ft respectively for the
enclosed and open balcony areas.

8 The first defendant was given and accordingly exercised an Option to
Purchase dated 8 October 1998 (“the Option”) for the unit by paying 5%
($29,912.50) of the purchase price and subsequently signed the sale and
purchase agreement dated 6 November 1998 (“the SPA”) with the plaintiff. On 8
October 1998, Boon Leong on behalf of Colliers, sent a fax to the first
defendant stating that the price of $509,250 for the unit would be replaced by
a new price of $598,250, _ie_ an increase of $89,000.

9 The first defendant also wrote to the plaintiff on the same day, recording
what had transpired at a meeting that took place a day earlier on 7 October
1998. The letter signed by William and the first defendant’s executive
director Anne Neo was countersigned by Michael on behalf of the plaintiff. The
relevant paragraphs state:

We refer to the meeting of yesterday at your office between Mr Michael Leow,
Mr KK Leck and William with regard to the above captioned tender, we hereby
confirm our acceptance of your offer to reduce our quoted price by S$200,000.

Henceforth, the final price for the aluminium works as per our quotation ref:
Q/0138/EXC(B) dated 11/9/98 will be S$1,802,711.89 (Singapore dollars One
Million Eight Hundred Two Thousand Seven Hundred Eleven and Eighty Nine Cents
only).

Since this is a nominated sub contract which will be entered directly between
Excalibur Land (S) Pte Ltd and Win-Win Aluminium Systems Pte Ltd, this letter
will serve as an agreement basing on your offer and our acceptance of the
final contract price.

...

As for the unit #08-13 which we have agree [_sic_] to purchase, the total
purchase price will be S$598,250.00 (Singapore dollars: Five Hundred Ninety
Eight Thousand Two Hundred Fifty only)…

10 The first defendant had applied to Keppel Bank (“the Bank”) for a loan for
its purchase of the unit. It received a letter of offer from the Bank dated 7
December 1998 of a term loan for $448,000 (“the loan”).

11 On 8 March 1999, the first defendant lodged caveat no CV/79809G against the
unit (“the caveat”). This was followed by the Bank’s caveat no CV/90007G as
mortgagee on 28 April 1999. Both caveats have since lapsed although at the
material time, when the plaintiff demanded that the same be removed, the first
defendant refused.

12 It was the first defendant’s contention that the set off arrangement in [5]
was evidenced by a letter from the plaintiff to the first defendant dated 9
March 1999 (“the 9 March letter”) which text is set out at [57] below.

13 The plaintiff requested of the second defendant and was given a guarantee
(“the guarantee”) on 17 March 1999 to the effect that the second defendant
would take over and complete the purchase of the unit on the same price and
terms in the event the first defendant failed to do so.

14 On 19 March 1999, the letter of award (“the letter of award”) for the works
was finally signed by the first defendant with Tavica, not with the plaintiff,
the reason being (according to the plaintiff), that the first defendant was a
nominated subcontractor of Tavica, the main contractor. Between 29 October
1998 (when Tavica first sent the draft letter of award to the first defendant)
and 9 March 1999, the parties were continually in negotiations on the terms of
the letter of award. Essentially, it was the first defendant that repeatedly
requested amendments to the document.

15 On 24 March 1999, the first defendant raised an invoice to Tavica (“the
invoice”) in the sum as the design fee. At the same time, it gave an
authorisation letter to Tavica to pay the sum to the plaintiff to set off the
purchase price of the unit.

16 The first defendant alleged that the plaintiff did not abide by the set off
arrangement that had been agreed between the parties as, on 23 April 1999, the
plaintiff’s solicitors issued a 21 day notice pursuant to the terms of the
SPA, stating that if the progress claim amount that was due was not paid, the
plaintiff would be entitled to treat the SPA as repudiated.

17 On 27 April 1999, Tavica replied to the first defendant’s authorisation
letter in [15] refusing to forward the sum (which inclusive of GST totalled
$91,670) and contended that payment to the first defendant would only be made
for actual work carried out.

18 On 5 May 1999, the Bank’s solicitors wrote to the first defendant’s
conveyancing solicitors Hee Theng Fong & Co (“HTF”) to advise that the Bank
would not release the loan monies until they had received confirmation that
the first defendant had _inter alia_ settled the late payment interest due on
the outstanding progress claim due.

19 On 6 May 1999, HTF wrote to the plaintiff’s solicitors to inform the latter
that it had been agreed between the plaintiff, Tavica and the first defendant
that the plaintiff would accept the first defendant’s authorisation to Tavica
to pay progress payments due under the subcontract as payment due under the
SPA.

20 The plaintiff’s solicitors replied on 12 May 1999 to say that the invoice
could not be considered for payment, enclosing a letter dated 11 May 1999 from
the project’s architects Strategic Design International (“the architects”)
rejecting the invoice and stating that only installed materials would be
considered for interim progress payment claims.

21 On 17 May 1999, the plaintiff’s solicitors served on HTF a repudiation
notice and demanded payment of the amount owed under the SPA. On 24 May 1999,
HTF replied stating that the amount in the invoice was to be set off against
the amount due under the SPA.

22 According to the first defendant (but denied by the plaintiff), at a
meeting held on 15 June 1999 that was attended by Lawrence, Sim, William,
Dennis and Boon Leong, Lawrence assured Sim not to worry about the SPA but to
focus on the works as the parties had a set off arrangement. Lawrence
requested Sim for confirmation from the first defendant that it would not
withdraw from the purchase of the unit. Sim duly sent Lawrence the
confirmation requested on 28 June 1999, stating the first defendant would
complete its purchase and had informed its solicitors accordingly.

23 The first defendant carried out the works until completion. In mid-2000,
after the project had been completed, disputes arose between the first
defendant and Tavica over the subcontract works with the former claiming that
it was owed $1.8m by the latter.

24 On 16 November 2000, the plaintiff’s (current) solicitors sent a letter to
the second defendant as the first defendant’s guarantor, demanding payment of
the sum of $94,107.05 (inclusive of interest) then owed by the first
defendant. Failing receipt of payment from the second defendant by 22 November
2000, the plaintiff’s solicitors gave notice that legal proceedings would be
commenced against him.

25 On 20 November 2000, the second defendant replied to the plaintiff’s
solicitors’ letter of demand stating he was willing to purchase the unit “at
the net purchase price” should the first defendant not do so.

26 On 22 December 2000, HTF wrote on the first defendant’s behalf maintaining
the first defendant still wanted the unit and would pay the amount demanded
less the invoice amount. Separately, HTF wrote to the plaintiff’s solicitors
contending that the plaintiff was obliged to sell the unit to the second
defendant on the same terms as given to the first defendant. After several
reminders from HTF, the plaintiff’s solicitors replied to HTF’s letter to say
that as neither the first nor the second defendant had paid the sum demanded
of $94,107.50, the plaintiff would be commencing action against them,
including removing the two caveats in [11] above. They added that the
plaintiff was not obliged to sell the unit to the second defendant.

27 On 12 February 2001, the first defendant gave notice it would commence
arbitration proceedings against Tavica (“the arbitration proceedings”) under
cl 14.1 of the subcontract, to recover the unpaid sum of $1.8m. The plaintiff
(according to the first defendant) responded by filing this suit on 4 May
2001, claiming the sum of $94,107.05, being the balance due after the sale and
purchase had been rescinded.

28 On 4 November 2009, the plaintiff filed an application in this suit for the
following preliminary issues to be determined:

(a) Whether the findings of the arbitrator in the interim award were to bind
the parties pursuant to the Order of Court dated 26 November 2001;

(b) Whether the findings in the interim award were to be applied to the
questions of fact and/or law raised in this suit; and

(c) If the findings in the interim award were binding on the parties and/or
applying the findings in the interim award to the questions of fact and/or law
raised in this suit, whether judgment may be entered for the plaintiff against
the two defendants.

29 On 19 May 2009, the arbitrator Johnny Tan (“the arbitrator”) finally issued
an interim award (“the interim award”) and decided the following issues in
favour of Tavica:

(a) There was no agreement on 2 October 1998 that the award of the subcontract
to the first defendant was conditional upon the first defendant agreeing to
buy a unit in the project;

(b) There was no set off agreement reached on 2 October 1998 that payments due
under the SPA between the first defendant and the plaintiff were to be set off
against the progress payments due to the first defendant from Tavica under the
subcontract;

(c) The first defendant was not entitled to withhold payments to the plaintiff
under the SPA until the letter of award was signed;

(d) The first defendant was not entitled to be paid upfront $89,000 plus GST
under the subcontract.

30 It should be noted that attendant with these proceedings, both defendants
had sued William in Suit No 13 of 2006 on 16 January 2006 for breach of
fiduciary duties as an employee. The claim was subsequently transferred to the
subordinate courts as DC Suit 829 of 2011 (“the DC Suit”).

31 One of the allegations in the defendants’ statement of claim in the DC Suit
was that William had ‘doctored’ the terms of the first defendant’s letter
dated 8 October 1998 in [9] after the draft had been approved by the second
defendant, without the price of the unit being stated as $598,250. The first
defendant contended that after William had procured the second defendant’s
signature approving the draft letter with amendments in red ink, he produced a
photocopy of that draft when he presented the engrossed letter for signature
to Anne Neo and had added the price of $598,250 therein. The defendants
accused William of assisting the plaintiff in inserting the price for the
unit.

32 The DC Suit was heard over several days in 2011-2012. On 18 May 2012, the
district court dismissed both defendants’ claim against William. As no grounds
of judgment were issued following the dismissal of the defendants’ claim, this
court is none the wiser as to what the district judge made of the defendants’
allegation against William in [31].

33 By an order dated 17 October 2008, the arbitrator (despite the objections
of the first defendant), bifurcated the arbitration proceedings at the request
of Tavica so that the issues in common with this suit would be decided first.

34 After the interim award in [29] was issued, the first defendant applied in
OS 687 of 2009 for leave to appeal against the same; the application was
dismissed. When the first defendant did not pay the arbitration costs awarded
to the plaintiff, the latter presented a petition in CWU No 94 of 2010 to wind
up the first defendant. Naturally the proceedings were opposed and were
adjourned by another court on 23 February 2011 pending the outcome of the DC
Suit. No further steps have been taken in the winding up proceedings despite
the dismissal of the DC Suit because of this pending Suit.

35 This suit then came on for hearing before Justice Kan Ting Chiu (“Kan J”)
on 26 November 2001. Kan J stayed the proceedings pending the resolution of
the arbitration proceedings and held that the plaintiff and the defendants
were to abide by the decision of the arbitrator.

36 On 17 March 2010, at the hearing of the preliminary issues in [28] before
Kan J, judgment was entered against the defendants (“the 17 March 2010
order”). The defendants appealed against the 17 March 2010 order to the Court
of Appeal which appeal was allowed on 28 July 2011 resulting in the 17 March
2010 order being set aside.

The pleadings

(i) The statement of claim

37 In the statement of claim, the plaintiff relied on cl 5.1.1 of the SPA for
its claim for the progress payment that was due on 3 December 1998, that being
8 weeks from the date when the Option was exercised on 8 October 1998. The
instalment under cl 5.1.2 of the SPA for $61,619.75 was due on 20 November
1998. The plaintiff alleged that the first defendant was in breach of contract
as it only paid $30,809.86.

38 The plaintiff then relied on cll 7.1, 7.2 and 7.3 of the SPA to say that
the first defendant’s failure to pay the outstanding balance due of
$154,049.39 entitled it to treat the SPA as repudiated. The plaintiff further
relied on cl 7.4 to contend that it had the right to recover all interest due
and unpaid as well as to forfeit 20% of the purchase price, from instalments
previously paid by the first defendant. Clauses 7.1, 7.2, 7.3 and 7.4 of the
SPA read as follows:

7.1The [plaintiff] has the right to treat this Agreement as having been
repudiated by the [first defendant] if:-

(a)any instalment of the purchase price (not being an instalment to be paid by
the stakeholder) and interest remains unpaid for more than 14 days after its
due date; or

(b)the [first defendant] has not served the Certificate of Statutory
Completion or the certified copy thereof on the stakeholder at the end of 18
days after receiving that Certificate or certified copy from the [plaintiff].

7.2To treat this Agreement as repudiated, the [plaintiff] must give to the
first defendant not less than 21 days’ notice in writing of the [plaintiff’s]
intention to treat this Agreement as having been repudiated by the [first
defendant]

7.3This Agreement is to be treated as annulled after the notice period
referred to in clause 7.2 has expired unless the unpaid instalments and
interest have been paid or the requisite document has been served before the
expiry of that notice period.

7.4Once this Agreement is annulled, the Vendor has the right to –

(a)resell or otherwise dispose of the Unit as if this Agreement had not been
entered into;

(b)recover from the instalments (excluding interest) previously paid by the
Purchaser all interest owing and unpaid at the date of annulment; and

(c)forfeit and keep 20% of the Purchase Price from the instalments (excluding
interest) previously paid by the Purchaser.

39 The breakdown for the plaintiff’s claim for $94,107.05 is as follows:

Interest on $92,429.64 from 4 Dec 1998 to 14 May 1999 |  $3,051.76  
---|---  
Interest on $61,619.75 from 21 Nov 1998 to 14 May 1999 |  $2,215.15  
20% of the purchase price |  _$119,650.00_  
Total due: |  $124,916.91  
Less: Paid by the first defendant |  _$30,809.86_  
|  $94,107.05  
  
  

40 The plaintiff relied on the guarantee of the second defendant at [13] for
its claim against him as guarantor of the first defendant’s obligations.

41 The plaintiff claimed: (i) a declaration against the first defendant that
the SPA was repudiated; (ii) a mandatory injunction for the withdrawal of the
caveat at [11] that the first defendant filed on 8 March 1998; (iii) an order
restraining the first defendant from lodging any other caveat(s) against the
unit; (iv) the sum of $94,107.05 from both defendants and (v) damages or
compensation under s 128 of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) from
both defendants.

(ii) The defence

42 In the common defence (Amendment No 3) of the defendants, they contended
that at a meeting held on or about 2 October 1998, it was agreed between the
parties that the award of the subcontract for the works to the first defendant
would be conditional upon the first defendant purchasing a unit in the project
from the plaintiff. In consideration of the award of the subcontract and at
the plaintiff’s request, the first defendant agreed to purchase the unit at a
price of $509,250. The defendants further alleged that on the same day, the
plaintiff had agreed to set off any sum due to the first defendant under the
subcontract against the purchase price of the unit and that the plaintiff
would be responsible for drafting the set off agreement.

43 The defendants averred that the price of the subcontract was reduced by
$200,000 from $1,913,711.89 to $1,713,711.89.

44 On or about 4 October 1998, Lawrence requested William to increase the
price of the unit by the sum of $89,000 to $598,250 and that the sum would
then be added to the price of the works so that the subcontract price would be
increased to $1,802,711.89; William agreed.

45 The defendants contended that it was agreed between the parties that the
subcontract and the purchase of the unit would be a package deal. It was also
alleged that a condition precedent to any liability on the part of the first
defendant to make payment under the SPA was that the subcontract should first
be signed. However, the condition precedent was not performed until 19 March
1999 when the letter of award was signed. The plaintiff had suggested, which
the first defendant accepted, that the latter could raise an invoice for the
sum as design fee at such time when the first defendant was required to make
payment under the SPA. It was further agreed that the plaintiff would
immediately set off the invoice amount of $89,000 against the amount payable
by the first defendant and that the first defendant would only have to make
payment of the balance amount due under the SPA by way of set off, using the
sums due to the first defendant under the subcontract.

46 The first defendant relied on William’s testimony in the DC Suit as proof
of the set off arrangement claiming William had admitted in the subordinate
courts to the relationship between the subcontract and the SPA, as well as to
the set off arrangement, thereby proving that Lawrence and Michael had lied in
these proceedings.

47 As the subcontract for the works was not made between the plaintiff and the
first defendant but with Tavica which only had a paid-up capital of $40,000 at
the material time, the first defendant requested and the plaintiff provided, a
guarantee dated 18 January 1999, for payment of the progress payments due to
the first defendant.

48 The first defendant averred that by its conduct and/or the set off
arrangement and/or the promise made to the first defendant, the plaintiff was
estopped and precluded from alleging that the instalments due under the SPA
were payable according to cl 5.1. The first defendant alleged that it relied
on the plaintiff’s conduct and/or the set off arrangement by not making direct
payments to the plaintiff under the SPA.

49 In the alternative, the first defendant pleaded that its obligations to pay
the instalment payments under the SPA were dependent upon the willingness and
readiness of the plaintiff to simultaneously perform its obligations to set
off. Further, the second defendant was at all material times ready, willing
and able to take over the purchase of the property. However, in breach of the
terms contained in the guarantee at [13], the plaintiff refused to sell the
unit to the second defendant.

(iii) The plaintiff’s reply

50 In its reply (Amendment No 2), the plaintiff relied on and quoted from, the
arbitrator’s interim award _in extenso_ to support its denial of a set off
arrangement as alleged by the first defendant. The plaintiff asserted that the
award of the subcontract could not have been in consideration of the SPA
because on 2 October 1998, only the subcontract had been awarded; the Option
to Purchase was issued to the first defendant or about 8 October 1998 while
the letter of award was signed on or about 19 March 1999. Further, there being
no mutuality of parties, the plaintiff did not and could not have agreed to
set off sums due from Tavica to the first defendant under the subcontract
against sums due from the first defendant to the plaintiff under the SPA.

51 The plaintiff averred that by March 1999, the first defendant still owed
the plaintiff $154,049.39 for instalment payments due under the SPA. The first
defendant had irrevocably authorised Tavica to pay the plaintiff any sums due
from Tavica to the first defendant under the subcontract but as at 9 March
1999 or even until the SPA was repudiated (on and after 15 May 1999), no sums
were due to the first defendant under the subcontract.

52 The plaintiff disputed the first defendant’s contention that William had in
the DC Suit admitted to the conditionality of the subcontract. The plaintiff
asserted that what transpired in the DC Suit was irrelevant as the plaintiff
was not a party to the same whereas the plaintiff and the first defendant were
both bound by the interim award. In addition the plaintiff contended that it
was an abuse of process for the defendants to plead any matters which were
inconsistent with any of the findings in the interim award and/or to raise
issues that were already decided by the arbitrator as set out in the interim
award.

The evidence

53 Seven witnesses testified during the seven day trial. The plaintiff’s
witnesses were Lawrence and Michael (collectively “the Leow brothers”), Dennis
and Boon Leong while the second defendant, Sim and William testified for the
defendants. I should point out that William gave his evidence-in-chief _viva
voce_ and not by an affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) as he was a
subpoenaed as well as a reluctant witness.

(i) The plaintiff’s case

54 Lawrence’s version of events was a repeat of the plaintiff’s pleadings,
_viz_ that the award of the subcontract to the first defendant for the works
was not conditional on the latter’s purchase of the unit as the timing for the
two transactions was different. He denied there was any discussion between the
parties on the SPA being conditional or on any term in the SPA being
conditional, upon the signing of the subcontract or any term in the
subcontract. Lawrence explained that the increase in the sale price of the
unit and in the subcontract price by the sum was a compromise on the
plaintiff’s part. He pointed out that the first plaintiff’s last quotation of
$1,713,711.89 was low as compared with the prices of other contractors and it
was still the lowest even with the addition of $89,000.

55 Lawrence referred to the minutes (recorded by the architects) of a meeting
on 12 February 1999 which he and Michael attended together with the second
defendant, William, Dennis and Boon Leong, to disprove the first defendant’s
allegation that the award and the SPA were inter-related. However, Lawrence
did not deny the reason why the price was added to the subcontract. In his
AEIC, he deposed that in lieu of the design fee alleged by the first defendant
and which the plaintiff denied, he had suggested that payment of the $89,000
added to the subcontract be made to the first defendant progressively in each
progress claim when certified, just as the first defendant’s reduction of
$200,000 in its original quotation would be spread over the whole project. The
two figures meant a net reduction of $111,000 ($200,000 less $89,000) in the
subcontract price.

56 At this juncture, it would be appropriate to refer to the 9 March letter
referred to at [12].

57 The 9 March letter written on the plaintiff’s letterhead was addressed to
the first defendant and it reads as follows:

In consideration of you purchasing a unit, unit no. #08-13 (hereinafter the
“Unit”) in the Proposed Development from us whereby a sale and purchase
agreement (hereinafter the “Sale and Purchase Agreement”) between us has been
executed, we have procured our main contractor, Tavica Design Pte Ltd
(hereinafter “the Main Contractor”) to award you the subcontract for the
aluminium and glazing works (hereinafter the “Subcontract”) relating to the
Proposed Development.

Pursuant thereto, you are obliged to complete the purchase of the Unit in
accordance to the terms of the Sale & Purchase Agreement. In relation thereto,
if you shall fail refuse or neglect to observe your payment obligations, you
irrevocably authorise the Main Contractor to set off or deduct such sums from
any money due and payable to you under the Subcontract and use the same to
satisfy or fulfil your said payment obligations, whether in part or full,
without any reference to you.

If for whatever reasons you shall fail, refuse or neglect to complete the
purchase of the Unit, the Contract Sum of the Subcontract between you and the
Main Contractor shall be reduced by $89,000 without prejudice to any other
rights entitled to the Main Contractor or us at law or in equity or under the
Subcontract or the Sale & Purchase Agreement.

58 The 9 March letter was signed by William as confirmation by the first
defendant and countersigned by the second defendant as well as by Michael on
behalf of Tavica. I should point out that it was the plaintiff who had
prepared the initial draft of the 9 March letter. The wording in the draft was
eventually revised to that set out in [57] at the first defendant’s behest. It
is noteworthy that the set off arrangement stated in the 9 March letter was
not restricted to the $89,000 but extended to all progress claims due to the
first defendant from Tavica should the first defendant fail to pay sums due to
the plaintiff under the SPA.

59 Lawrence (and Michael) did not mention the first paragraph of the 9 March
letter in his AEIC (although the Leow brothers referred to the other two
paragraphs in [57]) as it appeared to support the first defendant’s position
of the linkage between the subcontract and the SPA. In cross-examination (at
N/E 90), Lawrence sought to explain the first paragraph of the 9 March letter.
He described it as a letter of comfort to the first defendant that it had
purchased the unit at the higher price and it would be awarded the
subcontract, which letter of award was not yet issued. Lawrence said he had
hoped that with the letter of comfort, the first defendant would be prompted
to order materials for the works to be carried. Both parties would then be
happy. As he and Michael were not legally trained, Lawrence did not think that
one should read too much into such a letter of comfort as it was meant to
address the situation then. However, he did not disagree with the last
paragraph of the 9 March letter.

60 Lawrence denied that para 1 of the 9 March letter at [57], supported the
first defendant’s defence – that the SPA and the subcontract were linked and
conditional upon one another. He pointed out that up to five months after the
9 March letter was signed, the parties were still in negotiations on the terms
of the subcontract and the letter of award. The plaintiff on its part was
anxious for the letter of award to be issued as it was concerned that the
first defendant had not ordered materials for the subcontract while the
plaintiff was contractually obliged to deliver units to purchasers by 30 June
2000, _viz_ within 18 months from the time of their purchase. The first
defendant however caused delay by amending (“in dribs and drabs” according to
Lawrence) the terms of the letter of award however minor (and even after four
sets of the engrossed letter of award had been given to the first defendant
for execution around mid-January 1999 and again on 25 February 1999). This
prolonged the process of issuing the letter of award by almost a year.
Lawrence added that once the letter of award was given to the first defendant,
the latter had no excuse not to pay the outstanding progress claim under the
SPA; yet, it failed to pay.

61 Before the letter of comfort was issued on 9 March 1999, there was a letter
dated 8 March 1999 from the first defendant to Tavica (co-signed by William)
that stated:

With reference to the above and as per your request, we hereby confirm and
agree that in the event Win-Win Aluminium Systems Pte Ltd failed to make
progressive payments to Excalibur Land (S) Pte Ltd for the purchase of one (1)
unit at No. 71 Ubi Crescent, Excalibur Centre (Unit #08-13) as per the
conditions set out in the Sales and Purchase agreement, Excalibur Land (S) Pte
Ltd shall instruct Tavica Design Pte Ltd (the main Contractor) to deduct the
amount due and owing from our progress payment for the aluminium works
Subcontract as being progressive payment on the purchase of the said unit for
and on our behalf.

The validity of this letter is subject to the letter of award given to us and
accepted by us _before the 10 th Mar 1999_.

As the letter of award was dated 19 March 1999, it is arguable that the above
letter has no effect.

62 Notwithstanding the plaintiff’s denial of any linkage between the
subcontract and the SPA and Tavica’s rejection of the first defendant’s
invoice for the design fee at [17], it appeared that the first defendant did
incorporate the sum into its progress claims and it was paid by the plaintiff.
Lawrence’s attention was drawn to the first defendant’s progress claim no 2
dated 22 September 1999 which incorporated the design fee in its preliminaries
of $99,500. Lawrence admitted that the plaintiff’s payment was probably an
“oversight” which it only discovered subsequently. However, he could not
recall whether the architect was informed of the payment. The court pointed
out to Lawrence that since the architect’s letter dated 11 May 1999 (see [20])
had rejected the invoice, the former must have known. It was more likely than
not that the project’s quantity surveyor CS Lee and Associates (“CS Lee”) was
not informed of the architects’ rejection of the invoice when CS Lee certified
payment on progress claim No 2 and later claims.

63 I should point out that (in re-examination) Lawrence clarified that not the
entire invoice amount was paid by the plaintiff in progress claim No 2. Of the
$99,500 claimed by the first defendant as preliminaries in that claim, CS Lee
approved and certified $9,000 for payment on 12 October 1999. The extent of
the payments that the plaintiff made on the invoice emerged during the
testimony of Sim, as will be seen later in this judgment.

64 In his AEIC, Lawrence had referred to a meeting held on 15 June 1999, after
the plaintiff had purportedly annulled the SPA due to the first defendant’s
failure to pay the outstanding instalment. Lawrence denied Sim’s allegation
(see [22]) that he had assured Sim at that meeting not to worry about the SPA
as there was a set off arrangement. He pointed out that Sim was not even
present; only William attended the meeting. Neither did Lawrence ask Sim for
the confirmation letter from the first defendant dated 28 June 1999. At the
meeting, Lawrence informed William that the SPA was already repudiated and
Tavica was therefore entitled to reduce the subcontract sum by $89,000,
William responded that the first defendant was still prepared to purchase the
unit and inquired how the first defendant could claim back the sum. Lawrence
suggested that the first defendant could be paid progressively when progress
claims were certified; William said he would have to discuss Lawrence’s
proposal with the second defendant and Sim. However, Lawrence indicated that
the plaintiff would have to first agree to reinstate the SPA and decide what
amount was payable by the first defendant for the reinstatement.

65 It was drawn to Lawrence’s attention that even as of 16 June 2000, HTF was
still writing to the plaintiff’s solicitors asking for confirmation that the
invoice amount had been deducted from the progress claim due under cll 5.1.1
and 5.1.2(a) of the SPA. Lawrence pointed out that by that date, the first
defendant had collected numerous (certified) progress payments from the
plaintiff which included the invoice amount. There was no further need for the
set off arrangement; the first defendant could have but it did not tender
payment as demanded by the plaintiff’s solicitors. The manner and extent of
the plaintiff’s payment of the sum will be addressed in greater detail when I
deal with Sim’s evidence below (at [108]-[111]).

66 Lawrence (who was then a nominated Member of Parliament), complained he was
defamed by Sim in a letter which Sim wrote to the Prime Minister on 27
December 2004 (and to banks) alleging that Lawrence was not fit to be a Member
of Parliament as he had committed criminal offences, (siphoning $2.8m from
Tavica) deceived purchasers, cheated Sim and that there had been a price
inflation for the unit. Lawrence instructed solicitors who wrote to Sim to
demand a withdrawal and an apology of the defamatory letter. Subsequently, he
decided not to pursue legal action after having a meal with Sim as the
publicity attendant with such action would have adversely affected his family.

67 In re-examination Lawrence explained that due to the downturn in the
property market in 1998 (resulting from the Asian financial crisis) he was
forced to give substantial discounts (ranging from 16% to 23%) to purchasers
in order to move the project, as the plaintiff’s bankers (who had extended a
construction loan) had given him an ultimatum to sell 50% of the units by end
1999. The price of $598,250 was equivalent to almost 2% discount on the net
price (already discounted) of $609,940 on the unit. Because of the plaintiff’s
bank’s pressure, Lawrence slashed selling prices and that enabled the
plaintiff to sell more units quicker. Even so, Lawrence said he could not
accept the first defendant’s offer of $509,250 on Collier’s advice, as doing
so would affect the sale prices of the remaining unsold units.

68 Boon Leong of Colliers was cross-examined on his letter dated 8 October
2008 (see [8]). It would be useful at this juncture to set out the full text
of that letter; it reads:

We refer to your interest to purchase unit #08-13 of the above captioned
development and are pleased to confirm on the following purchase price:

Agreed purchase price on covered area @$300 psf x 1,582 sq ft - $474,600

Agreed purchase price on terraced area @$70 psf x 495 sq ft - $34,650

Total purchase price - $509,250

As discussed, the new purchase price will be $598,250 and the difference of
$89,000 will be added to your contracted pricing of aluminium works in the
Excalibur Centre.

Please prepare a cheque of amount $30,809.86 (GST included) to Excalibur Land
(S) Pte Ltd being five (5) per cent deposit in exchange for the option to
purchase.

69 Questioned by the court, Boon Leong clarified that when he said “as
discussed” in his letter, he meant his discussion with William, not Michael.
He admitted he had used words “agreed purchase price” wrongly and his choice
of words was unfortunate – he only meant to record that William/the first
defendant had agreed to buy the unit at $598,250, not that the plaintiff had
accepted the first defendant’s offer of that price. I should add that Boon
Leong confirmed Lawrence’s evidence of what transpired at the meetings held on
12 February 1999 and 15 June 1999 with the first defendant’s representatives,
including the fact that Sim was not present at the June meeting.

70 I turn next to Michael’s evidence. Michael revealed that the first
defendant’s contact with the plaintiff was established through Dennis who
informed him that William (an acquaintance of Dennis) on behalf of the first
defendant was interested in submitting a tender for the works for the project.

71 Michael’s AEIC mirrored that of Lawrence on what transpired at meetings
with the first defendant’s representatives and what the plaintiff had agreed
to. With regard to events or meetings in which Lawrence was not involved,
Michael’s version differed from the first defendant’s. In particular, Michael
testified that at the 2 October 1998 meeting he had with William and the
second defendant, the only agreement reached was that the first defendant’s
price for the works would be reduced by $200,000. While there was indeed a
discussion on the price of the unit, no agreement was reached as Michael
rejected the first defendant’s offer of $509,250 for the reason that the low
price would adversely affect the sale prices of the other unsold units.

72 Michael testified he had another meeting with William and the second
defendant on 7 October 1998 (see [9]) where he again rejected the first
defendant’s offer of $509,250 for the unit. He then counter-proposed an
increase in the first defendant’s subcontract price by $89,000 with a similar
increase in the price of the unit; the proposal was accepted by the second
defendant. There was no discussion that the SPA was conditional on the signing
of the subcontract or any terms in the subcontract. Hence, he countersigned
the first defendant’s letter dated 8 October 1998 at [9] above which set out
correctly what had been discussed. The Option to Purchase was given to the
first defendant that same day.

73 Michael confirmed that apart from the initial 5% deposit of $30,809.86, the
first defendant did not pay the instalments due under cll 5.1.1 and 5.1.2(a)
of $123,239.50 and $61,619.75 respectively. The total amount due from the
first defendant was $154,049.38 ($123,239.50 + $61,619.75 less $30,809.86) as
claimed in the statement of claim.

74 In his AEIC, Michael deposed he received a handwritten note from Sim (which
Sim disavowed) appended to Tavica’s letter dated 28 June 1999 to the first
defendant. The subject of the letter was the invoice. Tavica’s letter (with
the handwritten note) states:

We refer to the meeting on 15/6/1999 at our office between your Mr William
Loh, Mr Tan Boon Leong and M Dennis Yeo of Colliers’ Jardine and our Mr
Lawrence Leow on the above subject. In the meeting, both of us, Win Win
Aluminium Systems Pte Ltd (Win Win) and Tavica Design Pte Ltd (Tavica) has
agreed that Tavica will pay the above outstanding invoice together with your
progress claims according to the percentage of claim to the total contract
value.  For example: 1Assuming WinWin’s 1st progress claim for work done is
S$311,393.04/S$1,556,965.25 = 20% we will pay you 20% of the outstanding
invoice of $89,000 i.e. S$89,000 X 20% = S$17,800. 2Therefore, the total
payment payable to you will be:S$17,800 + S$311,393.04 = S$329,193.04.  
---  
Yours faithfully, for Tavica Design Pte Ltd |  Confirmed by: Win-Win Aluminium Systems Pte Ltd  
To: Mr Michael Leow From: Sim PH As discussed with our William Loh we can
claim the $89,000 together with our progress claim. Enclose [_sic_] is a draft
for your perusal and comments. Will appreciate your reply asap. Thanks
(Signed)  
  
  

75 In cross-examination, Michael denied he was responsible for broaching the
subject of the first defendant’s buying a unit in the project as a pre-
condition to securing the subcontract for the works. He said Dennis told him
that the second defendant was a property investor and had owned a few
investment properties and the latter would invest in property if he saw a good
opportunity to do so. In fact, the second defendant initially intended to buy
the unit in his personal name, according to Colliers. Michael pointed out that
he did not countersign the first defendant’s letter dated 3 October 1998 in
[7] when William brought it to him because he did not agree with the contents
– that the price for the unit would be $300 and $70 respectively for the
enclosed and open balcony areas making a total purchase price of $509,250.
Michael denied Sim’s allegation that he had on 4 October 1998 told William the
plaintiff would inflate the price of the unit by the sum and add the same
amount to the subcontract price. He pointed out he did not even meet William
that day. He never communicated with Sim and only dealt with William for this
matter.

76 Nothing much turns on the evidence of Dennis who was the plaintiff’s last
witness. Essentially, he corroborated the evidence of Boon Leong as well as
the Leow brothers on what took place at the meetings held on 12 February 1999
and 15 June 1999.

77 The significance of Dennis’ testimony was his disagreement with para 8 of
an affidavit previously filed by William personally (on 24 January 2007) in
the DC Suit, that at a lunch meeting in August 1998 (which he could not
recall), Dennis had suggested that the first defendant purchase a unit in the
project to increase the first defendant’s chances of securing the subcontract.
Questioned by the court, Dennis categorically denied he had suggested that the
first defendant offer such a “sweetener” to the plaintiff. He pointed out that
he was/is not a contractor and knew nothing about the construction industry or
aluminium works. Being an experienced property marketing agent, it was never
his business and he would not try to influence a buyer to sweeten the contract
for another job. Neither would he do it, as a matter of pride. Dennis asserted
he would not jeopardise his relationship with his client just for the few
thousand dollars that Colliers could earn as commission for a sale. Further,
it was Boon Leong’s responsibility as head of Colliers’ sales department, to
market the project although Dennis remained in overall charge as the managing
director.

(ii) The defendants’ case

78 I turn now to review the evidence presented for the defendants’ case,
starting with the testimony of William who, without a subpoena, would not have
willingly come to court to testify, having left the first defendant’s
employment in April 2000 after two years’ service (from June 1998).

79 William explained that in business culture, it was very normal to apply the
“you scratch my back and I scratch your back” practice. Consequently during
negotiations on the subcontract between the parties, the topic of the first
and/or second defendant buying a unit came up for discussion. Although William
did not name the plaintiff or the defendants, such a suggestion could have
come from either party. The plaintiff well knew that the first defendant was
very keen to secure the subcontract for the works and conversely, the first
defendant in its eagerness to secure the subcontract, may well have offered
“the sweetener” of purchasing a unit. In discussing both matters, William said
he would take a backseat whenever the issue of the first defendant’s purchase
of a unit came up as his role was only to negotiate the subcontract for the
award.

80 William was repeatedly asked by counsel for the defendants to confirm that
the evidence he gave in court in the DC Suit was correct. He was also referred
to his affidavits filed in this suit on 24 January 2007 and on 21 November
2011. Where the evidence was unfavourable or his statements were unhelpful to
the defendants’ case, it was suggested to him by their counsel that the same
was incorrect.

81 To elaborate, in his affidavit filed in this suit on 21 November 2001 (“his
first affidavit”), William deposed:

…

7A meeting was held on 2 October 1998 amongst Michael, Leck Kim Koon (“Leck”)
and myself (Leck is a director of Win-Win). It was agreed that the lump sum
contract price for the works would be reduced by $200,000 to $1,713,711.89.

8At the meeting, there was also discussion on Win-Win’s intended purchase of
the said property. Michael repeated that Excalibur was selling it for
$598,250.00. The offer was rejected. Michael said that the project had not
even been launched, and a lower price for the said property would affect the
sale price of the other unsold units.

9Thus, at the 2 October 1998 meeting, agreement was reached on the contract
price for the Works but not the price for the said property.

82 However, in his AEIC filed on 24 January 2007 in this suit, William said:

…

13In consequence thereof, a meeting between all relevant parties was held on
2nd October 1998. I attended the meeting at Excalibur’s office, with the [the
second defendant] leading the negotiations on behalf of the first defendant].
At the end of the meeting, the [second defendant] and Excalibur agreed on the
following:

(a)the [first defendant] would reduce the Sub-Contract price by $200,000 from
$1,913,711.89 to $1,713,711.89;

(b)Excalibur made it clear that it would award the Sub-Contract to the [first
defendant] on condition that they purchase a unit from Excalibur. A few units
were identified but no specified unit was chosen. Only the per square foot
rate was agreed upon. i.e. $300 per sq ft for enclosed space and $70 per sq ft
for open balcony area. At that said meeting, Excalibur was unable to confirm
what were the sizes on the enclosed and balcony areas, as amongst other
things, the Architect (Mr Philip Lee of Strategic Design International) was
still making changes to the layout on the 8th storey of Excalibur Centre.

83 In court for the trial of DC Suit, William had said (during cross-
examination by the same counsel for the defendants that his para 8 at [81] was
incorrect.

84 Hence, counsel suggested to William that the extracts from his affidavit in
[81] were incorrect whilst those in [82] extracted from his AEIC were
accurate.

85 In cross-examination by counsel for the plaintiff however, William
confirmed that his first affidavit was correct when he affirmed and filed it
voluntarily. His attention was drawn to para 13 of his first affidavit where
he said (after referring to the first defendant’s letter dated 8 October
1998):

Thus, during the negotiations, the only so-called link between the Agreement
and the Subcontract is as explained in paragraph 11 above i.e that the
purchase price for the Agreement led to the Subcontract price being agreed at
$1,802.711.89. Apart from that, there was never any discussion about the
Agreement being conditional on any term in the Agreement being conditional
upon the signing of the Subcontract or any term in the Subcontract.

In the DC Suit, William had affirmed the truth of the above para 13 in court
during cross-examination and disagreed with para 13 of his AEIC set out at
[82]. William opined that his first affidavit did not differ much from his
affidavit filed in the DC Suit.

86 William revealed that after he had filed his first affidavit supporting
Lawrence Leow, he received ‘an abundance of trouble’ from the first defendant.
He was then a bankrupt and was called up by the Official Assignee on
allegations that he had made non-disclosures, by the income tax authorities
for under declaration of tax and his family was harassed. He felt intimidated
and lodged police reports as a result.

87 In the course of cross-examination, William revealed he was not even privy
to the negotiation process between the parties on the sale and purchase of the
unit. He only came to know of the matter much later when Dennis inquired of
him why the first defendant did not honour the purchase of the unit even
though it was awarded the subcontract for the works. Further, all the letters
that he wrote on the first defendant’s behalf were on the instructions of his
management and were vetted by the second defendant. In addition, his letters
on the first defendant’s behalf required countersigning by a director of the
company before they could be sent out. William said he could not recall any
document from the plaintiff to the first defendant or _vice versa_ , that
stated that the first defendant would only be awarded the subcontract if it
purchased the unit. As far as William was aware, in all the meetings that he
attended with the plaintiff’s representatives, there was never any discussion
that the first defendant could withhold payment under the SPA while waiting
for the letter of award to be issued. Neither was there a discussion that the
first defendant could issue the invoice for design fees of $89,000.

88 William was referred to another affidavit that he had filed in the DC Suit
(on 20 June 2006), where he had said in para 4(b):

After a series of negotiations, it was agreed that the award of the Contract
to Win-Win was subject to Win-Win purchasing a unit of the Excalibur Centre
(“the unit”). In other words, the Contract and the sale of the unit to Win-Win
were intrinsically linked.

He clarified that by the words “intrinsically linked” he meant if the first
defendant paid $89,000 more for the unit, then the subcontract price would be
similarly increased. The linkage was also because both items were negotiated
at the same time. Finally, William confirmed the accuracy of the minutes (as
recorded by the architect) of the meeting held on 12 February 1999.

89 There was no re-examination of William by counsel for the defendants.

90 I turn next to the testimony of the second defendant and in particular to
his cross-examination. The second defendant ceased to be a shareholder of the
company sometime after 1999, when he sold his shares to the brother of the
executive director Anne Neo. He ceased to be a director of the first defendant
on 30 December 2001. However, the second defendant remains a creditor of the
first defendant for a substantial sum exceeding $1m for loans that he had
advanced to the company essentially to fund legal fees for this litigation and
the pending arbitration proceedings with the plaintiff.

91 Notwithstanding the clear wording of the first defendant’s letter dated 3
October 1998 at [9] to the plaintiff, the second defendant disagreed that the
letter served as an agreement between the parties pending the issuance of the
letter of award; the second defendant insisted it was only an agreement on the
contract price. The second defendant further insisted that as of 2 October
1998, there was no confirmation of the price the first defendant would pay for
the unit even though this was a departure from para 2(v) of the first
defendant’s amended defence (filed on 6 June 2001) where it was pleaded that
the first defendant offered $509,250 that day for the unit. The second
defendant opined that the defence had been wrongly drafted. It was drawn to
his attention that the wrong drafting was not corrected in the subsequent and
further amended defences filed by the first defendant on 26 June 2001 and 30
October 2001.

92 It was the plaintiff’s case (which was put to the second defendant but
denied) that the error in the amended defence was only corrected in the re-
amended defence (Amendment No 3) filed on 9 April 2012, after the second
defendant had been cross-examined in the arbitration proceedings on the
meeting of 2 October 1998 (which the second defendant said he could not
recall) and he wanted the first defendant’s case in this suit to be consistent
with his evidence in the arbitration. In the arbitration proceedings, the
second defendant had said he did not know of the actual purchase price of the
unit on 2 October 1998, only the square foot price.

93 Further, even though the alleged set off was the _gravamen_ of the first
defendant’s defence, this was only pleaded for the first time in the re-
amended defence filed on 30 October 2001. It is also noteworthy that the
second defendant did not think it was important enough to record it in the
first defendant’s letters dated 3 October 1998 or 8 October 1998 to the
plaintiff. He denied counsel’s contention that there was no set off. In court
the second defendant claimed there was a verbal agreement reached with the
plaintiff on 2 October 1998 that the letter of award from the plaintiff and
the first defendant’s purchase of the unit was a “package deal” and no payment
needed to be made under the SPA until the letter of award was signed (as
pleaded in the defendant’s re-amended defence Amendment No. 3).

94 Cross-examined on the cheque that the first defendant issued for the 5%
deposit which he had signed, the second defendant claimed he signed ‘blindly’
without looking or checking the amount. Had he done so as the court pointed
out to him, a simple calculation would have revealed that 5% amounting to
$29,912.50 (before 4% GST) equated to a purchase price of $598,250. The second
defendant further claimed he never saw the Option or the SPA stating the
purchase price as $598,250.

95 The second defendant’s attention was drawn to the Bank’s letter of offer in
[10] which he had accepted with Sim on the first defendant’s behalf. Paragraph
9 therein stated;

Special condition: This offer is subject to a formal valuation of the
mortgaged property showing a value of not less than $598,000.

The second defendant explained that he thought the figure $598,000 was the sum
total of the figure being divided by $300, multiplied by the enclosed area and
$70 multiplied by the open area. He could not remember seeing paragraph 9 in
the Bank’s letter of offer. Questioned why he and the first defendant had sued
William in the DC Suit for being tricked into paying a higher price by $89,000
for the unit, the second defendant said he found out much later about the
inflated price.

96 In the same vein, the second defendant said he did not notice the last
paragraph of the 9 March letter at [57] which he had countersigned, where it
was clearly stated that the subcontract sum would be reduced by $89,000 in the
event the purchase of the unit was not completed. Neither was he aware of the
various letters of demand sent by the plaintiff’s solicitors for amounts due
under the SPA including the 21 days’ notice, nor that the SPA had been treated
as annulled by 14 May 1999, as no one in the first defendant told him. The
second defendant claimed that the purchase of the unit was left entirely to
Sim as the first defendant’s managing director to handle.

97 The second defendant repeatedly answered “I can’t remember” to countless
questions put to him in cross-examination on whether he had seen
correspondence from or with the plaintiff’s solicitors. He shifted the
responsibility to William as the first defendant’s then general manager even
though William’s responsibilities did not extend to the purchase of the unit.
Although the second defendant signed and/or countersigned all letters written
by the first defendant, he claimed he was not familiar with some of the
correspondence between the first defendant and the plaintiff. He was equally
ignorant of the invoice claiming he was not aware when it was issued. As for
letters to the plaintiff that he signed chasing alleged outstanding progress
claims, the second defendant said he left it to Sim or the project manager of
the first defendant to check whether the amounts certified by CS Lee had or
had not been paid as he did not know the details.

98 I turn next to the second defendant’s guarantee dated 17 March 1999 in
[13]. It would be apposite at this stage to set out its terms as the document
is the basis of the plaintiff’s suit against him; it states:

In consideration of you agreeing at my request to proceed with the sale of the
Unit notwithstanding a breach by the Company of the terms thereunder, I hereby
unconditionally and irrevocably warrant the performance of the Company and
guarantee the payment of all sums due under the Sale and Purchase Agreement
relating thereto and if for whatever reasons, the Company shall fail, neglect
or refuse to complete the purchase of the Unit, I undertake to purchase the
Unit at the same price and on the same terms and shall be liable for all costs
and expenses arising thereof.

99 It would also be appropriate at this juncture to set out the text of the
second defendant’s reply dated 20 November 2000 at [25] in response to the
plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter of demand dated 16 November 2000; he had said:

Dear Sirs,

Your ref: MC. ter. 1191.00

Purchase of #08-13 EXCALIBUR CENTRE

I refer to your letter dated 16 Nov 2000 which is the first letter received by
me on 20 Nov 2000 on the abovementioned.

Please be informed that in the event that M/s Win-Win Aluminium Systems Pte
Ltd is not keen to purchase the said unit, I am definitely interested to
purchase the said unit at the nett purchase price from your clients

Please let me know as soon as possible when Win-Win has rejected their
purchase of the said unit.

I would appreciate it if you could forward me a copy of the guarantee which
you mentioned that I have signed as “Guarantor”.

100 The reply from the plaintiff’s solicitors to the second defendants’
request only came much later, in a letter dated 20 April 2001 which relevant
extract said:

...

Please also note that our client disagrees that they are obliged to sell the
property to your other client Leck Kim Koon.

101 During cross-examination, the second defendant clarified that by “nett
purchase price” in his letter he meant 95% less 5% deposit or whatever payment
that had been made by the first defendant. The second defendant explained he
did not press or sue the plaintiff for specific performance to take over the
purchase of the unit from the first defendant because Sim had told him the
purchase by the first defendant was still on. To that comment, counsel for the
plaintiff told the second defendant that it was the plaintiff’s prerogative to
decide and it did not wish to sell to him, notwithstanding the terms of the
guarantee in [98].

102 Questioned on the minutes of the meeting held on 12 February 1999, the
second defendant contended they were not correct. He said (as he did at the
arbitration proceedings) that he only stayed until the discussion on corporate
guarantee (as recorded at item 2 of the minutes) and was not present when item
4 was discussed, relating to the purchase of the unit (where the minutes
recorded that Boon Leong had highlighted that the first defendant had failed
to pay the balance 20% payment and progress payments due). It was pointed out
by counsel for the plaintiff that the second defendant had not in the
arbitration proceedings, said he disagreed with those minutes, when he
referred to them in his first affidavit filed on 24 Sep 2002.

103 I turn now to the testimony of Sim, who was the last witness for the first
defendant. As with the second defendant’s testimony, it would not be necessary
to consider Sim’s AEIC. What matters for this court’s consideration is the
evidence that was adduced from Sim during cross-examination.

104 Sim revealed that as the first defendant’s managing director, he decided
to purchase a unit in the project when William told him before 2 October 1998
that the plaintiff wanted the first defendant to purchase a unit in order for
the company to be awarded the subcontract. He clarified that he looked at a
brochure of the project that had been given to William by Boon Leong. He then
decided that the first defendant would buy a unit on the 8th floor but did not
choose any particular unit. The second defendant was not involved in his
decision making. Sim did not attend the meeting on 2 October 1998 but it was
after that date that the unit was selected. He was told by William/the second
defendant that on 2 October 1998, the plaintiff gave the price as $300 per sq
ft for the covered area and $70 per sq ft for the open area. The price was
only crystallised at $509,250 in the letter dated 8 October 1998 to the first
defendant from Colliers at [66]. Sim claimed that prior to receipt of
Colliers’ letter, William told him the price for the unit was agreed at
$509,250 but that the plaintiff wanted to charge an additional $89,000 so as
to report a higher purchase price for the unit. He did not ask the second
defendant on the price increase as he was told by William that the plaintiff
had provided a method to set the amount off by way of a design fee to the
first defendant. He assumed the second defendant had approved of the set off
method.

105 Sim’s attention was drawn to the defendants’ pleadings. In the original
defence that was filed on 6 June 2001, no mention was made of an alleged set
off on 2 October 1998, nor in the second defence filed on 26 June 2001. The
allegation of a set off first appeared in the re-amended defence filed on 30
October 2001. Sim’s explanation was that the third defence was filed to give a
“clearer” picture to the court.

106 He denied there was a meeting with the plaintiff on 7 October 1998 as
stated in the first defendant’s letters (drafted by William) to the plaintiff.
Sim said William had made a mistake and the correct reference should have been
to the 2 October 1998 meeting. I should point out that the issue of the
correct date was never clarified with William when he testified. Further, the
first defendant’s solicitors also referred to a meeting on 7 October 1998 in
their letters to the plaintiff’s solicitors. It therefore did not lie in Sim’s
mouth to deny the existence of a meeting on 7 October 1998.

107 Earlier (at [62]-[63]), I had alluded to the evidence of Lawrence where he
said the design fee of the first defendant had been paid progressively by the
plaintiff.

108 Counsel for the plaintiff Marina Chin (“Ms Chin”) returned to this topic
in the course of Sim’s cross-examination. She pointed out that in progress
claim no 2 submitted on 20 September 1999, the first defendant’s claim under
Preliminaries of $99,500 included the sum as design fee. On 12 October 1999,
CS Lee certified $9,000 as payment for the Preliminaries. The other items that
the first defendant claimed as Preliminaries were:

(a) |  Shop drawings and as-built drawings |  $2,000.00  
---|---|---  
(b) |  Insurance |  _$3,500.00_  
|  |  $5,500.00  
  
  

Assuming (a) and (b) items were allowed in full, it meant that the difference
of $3,500 ($9,000 - $5,500) was attributable to the design fee.

109 Subsequently, the first defendant’s progress claim no 7 for $161,627 was
submitted on 18 February 2000. Included therein again as part of Preliminaries
was the design fee, with the same breakdown as above for the two items with
the following additional item:

(a) PE & AC endorsement including BSL submission $5,000.00

110 In his certificate dated 25 February 2000, CS Lee certified $57,700 as
payable for Preliminaries in progress claim no 7. Assuming for argument’s sake
that the two items in [108] and the item in [109] totalling $10,500 were paid
in full, that meant that the balance of $47,200 paid to the first defendant on
9 March 2000 was attributable to the design fee. Therefore $50,700 ($3,500 +
$47,200) of $89,000 had been paid leaving a balance of $38,300 outstanding on
the invoice.

111 It was drawn to Sim’s further attention by Ms Chin that by 31 October
2000, the first defendant had confirmed it had received $935,967.84 from the
plaintiff, which included the progress claims nos 2 and 7. She said there was
no basis for the first defendant to insist on a set off and deduction of
$89,000 under the SPA when it had progressively received the sum under the
subcontract; it was tantamount to double-claiming.

112 Initially, Sim disagreed there was double-claiming by his company. After
being pressed by the court, Sim conceded that perhaps there had been a
‘mistake’ as he did not tell his lawyer very clearly what the latter should
do. I am sceptical of the veracity of Sim’s explanation which I shall
elaborate on below in my assessment of his testimony.

113 Sim prevaricated when asked whether anyone had told him that payment under
the SPA need not be made until the letter of award was signed. Ms Chin pointed
out that Sim’s AEIC made no mention of this fact. Eventually, Sim claimed he
was told by William. He disagreed when Ms Chin pointed out that the first
defendant’s letter dated 3 October 1998 (“the 3 October letter”) at [7]
evidenced that the subcontract had been awarded to the former by the
plaintiff.

114 It would be helpful at this stage to set out the text of the 3 October
letter. The relevant extracts read as follows:

We refer to the meeting of yesterday at your office between Mr Michael Leow,
Mr KK Leck and William Loh with regard to the above captioned tender, we
hereby confirm our acceptance of your offer to reduce our quoted price by
S$200,000.

Henceforth, the final price for the aluminium works as per our quotation ref:
Q/0138/EXC(B) dated 11/9/98 will be adjusted accordingly from S$1,913,711.89
to S$1,713,711.89…

Since this is a nominated sub contract which will be entered directly between
Excalibur Land (S) Pte Ltd and Win-Win Aluminium Systems Pte Ltd, this letter
will serve as an agreement basing on your offer and our acceptance of the
final contract price.

While you will be shortly instructing the Architect to issue a nomination
letter for our appointment and a formal nominated sub contract and contract
agreement being prepared, please kindly endorse on this letter to serve as our
agreement and confirmation and return one copy duly signed for our retention.

The plaintiff did not countersign the above letter as the first defendant had
requested. I should point out that the contents of the 3 October letter were
repeated in the first defendant’s letter dated 15 October 1998 (“the 15
October letter”) to the plaintiff.

115 Sim contended that the terms of the subcontract were not incorporated into
the 3 October letter so as to make it a binding agreement. As for the 15
October letter, he said it was to enable the architect to prepare the letter
of award. It was drawn to Sim’s attention that in the 17 November 1998 letter
from the architect to the first defendant, it was recorded that the latter had
already collected the architectural and structural plans from the former. Why
would the first defendant do that if it had not already been awarded the
subcontract? Further, by its own letter dated 2 December 1998 to the
plaintiff, the first defendant stated that it had completed 75% of the shop
drawings that were to be submitted to the architect for approval, suggesting
that it had commenced doing the works. Sim’s lame explanation was that the
drawings works were done internally as preparatory work and contended that the
plaintiff could still back out because the letter of award had not been
issued. This evidence however contradicted Sim’s earlier testimony that he had
signed the Option because he knew the first defendant would be awarded the
subcontract.

116 It bears noting that before the date of the letter of award (19 March
2000), the first defendant’s representative(s) (usually William) had attended
no less than six site meetings (on 21 January, 11 March, 12 May, 10 June, 15
July and 21 July 1999). Why would William attend site meetings if the first
defendant was not a subcontractor of the project?

117 Ms Chin even accused the first defendant of fabricating a bill of
quantities dated 15 October 1998 (“the 15 October B/Q”) during her cross-
examination of Sim. She said the plaintiff never received the 15 October B/Q.
The most current bill of quantities that the plaintiff had was that dated 11
September 1998 which was for $1.9m, and unlike the 15 October B/Q, it did not
include an item called “design fee”. She alleged the 15 October B/Q was the
first defendant’s attempt to slip the disputed design fee into the
subcontract.

118 As for the first defendant’s repeated refrain that the plaintiff had
delayed the issuance of the letter of award and therefore the project, it was
suggested to Sim (who denied it) that his company’s numerous and repeated
amendments (however minor and/or trivial) of the draft (as well as the
engrossed) letter of award were a delaying tactic as the later the letter of
award was issued, the later would be the completion date for the works. She
said the first defendant’s ploy was evident from the first defendant’s request
to the plaintiff in its letter dated 25 January 1999 that the completion date
should not be 31 October 1999 as the plaintiff stipulated, but should be
eleven (11) months from the date of the letter of award. This request was made
two weeks after the first defendant had already collected four sets of the
engrossed letter of award for execution.

119 Finally, when he was confronted with the evidence of the plaintiff’s
witnesses that he was not present at the 15 June 1999 meeting, Sim insisted he
met Lawrence at the site but the discussion was only between the two of them
and he did not attend the site meeting referred to by all the other witnesses.

120 As for his letter (at [66]) dated 27 December 2004 to the Prime Minister
containing all manner of accusations again Lawrence, Sim justified it on the
basis that the government should be made aware, if a nominated Member of
Parliament (who was also the president of the Small and Medium Enterprises
Association of Singapore), was not fit to hold office.

The issues

121 The two issues this court has to determine are:

(a) Was the SPA repudiated by the first defendant by its failure and/or
refusal to pay the progress claims when they fell due?

(b) Is the second defendant liable under the guarantee to pay damages for the
first defendant’s breach of the SPA?

122 It bears repeating at this juncture that the interim award of the
arbitrator had determined four main issues that were set out earlier at [29]
as of a specific date _viz_ 2 October 1998. The first defendant had failed in
its application (at [33]) for leave to appeal against the interim award. As
such, the interim award binds the first defendant in these proceedings
pursuant to the order of court dated 26 November 2001 in [35] against which
there was no appeal. Consequently, the first defendant cannot (as it sought do
in its closing submissions and in cross-examination by its counsel) resurrect
_inter alia_ its argument that on 2 October 1998, the parties had agreed that
the award of the subcontract to the first defendant was conditional upon the
first defendant purchasing a unit in the project. I accept the plaintiff’s
submission that allowing the first defendant to raise fresh arguments that
contradict the arbitrator’s interim award and findings would be an abuse of
process under the extended doctrine of _res judicata_ , as enunciated in
_Johnson v Gore Wood & Co_ [2002] 2 AC 1 and followed by our High Court in
_Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 and the Court of Appeal in
_Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-General_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 565.

123 The defendants are not allowed to have a second bite of the cherry by
presenting evidence and submissions in these proceedings that contradict the
findings made by the arbitrator in the interim award which binds both parties.
Doing so is tantamount to a collateral attack on the findings of the
arbitrator and/or the interim award (see _Kwa Ban Cheong v Kuah Boon Sek_
[2003] 3 SLR(R) 644).

The findings

124 I start by referring to the evidence that was adduced in court from the
various witnesses. There is little doubt in my mind that the testimony of the
plaintiff’s witnesses is more credible than that of the defendants’ witnesses
and is to be preferred. Other than the Leow brothers, the other three
witnesses who testified for the plaintiff were independent and impartial
including William who came across as truthful and candid, notwithstanding that
the defendants sued him in the DC Suit and attempted to coerce and intimidate
him by all manner and means (see [86]). In the case of Boon Leong and Dennis,
there was no reason for them not to speak the truth and they corroborated the
testimony of Lawrence and Michael on crucial events including what transpired
at the meeting held on 15 June 1999 (at [64]).

125 The same assessment cannot be made of the defendants’ witnesses. Neither
the testimony of the second defendant nor Sim was credible. Indeed, Sim was a
witness who had no compunctions about lying on oath and even less compunction
about (i) resorting to underhand tactics to threaten William when William
affirmed his first affidavit in these proceedings that favoured the plaintiff
(at [79]) and (ii) writing a scurrilous letter to the Prime Minister regarding
Lawrence at [66] when the relationship between the plaintiff and the first
defendant soured. I have no doubt that Sim fabricated the last B/Q purportedly
dated 15 October 1998 which the plaintiff never received and para 32 of his
AEIC in that regard was false. If indeed that B/Q was an attachment to the
first defendant’s letter dated 15 October 1998 (which contents mirrored those
contained in its earlier letters dated 3 and 7 October 1998 (at [9]), one
wonders why there was no mention of the B/Q at all in the text of the letter.
I am equally certain that Sim made the handwritten note on Tavica’s letter
dated 28 June 1999 referred to at [74] despite his denial.

126 Their constant prevarication and shifts in position rendered the testimony
of both Sim and the second defendant wholly unreliable and unbelievable.

127 In their pleadings, in cross-examination of Lawrence and William by their
counsel as well as in their closing submissions, the two defendants made much
of the fact that the Leow brothers had supposedly lied in their affidavits
filed in these proceedings, based on William’s testimony in the DC Suit.
However, as the Leow brothers pointed out, the plaintiff was not a party to
the DC Suit which claim of the defendants did not concern them or the
plaintiff. Moreover, it bears noting that in dismissing the defendants’ claim
against William, the district judge must have found that the defendants had no
case against William. Equally significant was the fact that the defendants did
not appeal against the dismissal of their claim. Earlier, I had observed at
[89] that there was no re-examination of William by counsel for the
defendants. Consequently, William’s testimony in cross-examination remained
intact under the principle in _Browne v Dunn_ (1893) 6 R 67.

128 Based on the oral and documentary evidence adduced in court, I find in the
case of the first defendant that:

a even after 2 October 1998, the four issues found in favour of the plaintiff
by the arbitrator at [29] equally applied;

b although the letter of award was only signed on 19 March 1999, the plaintiff
had agreed to award the subcontract for the works to the first defendant as
far back as 3 October 1998 by way of the first defendant’s letter of that
date. Although the plaintiff did not countersign the letter as requested by
William, its subsequent conduct amounted to acceptance of that letter and its
terms. Had the plaintiff repudiated the subcontract, the first defendant would
have had no difficulty convincing any court that there was a binding contract
between itself and the plaintiff;

c notwithstanding the architect’s rejection of the invoice, the plaintiff had
inadvertently paid part or all of the alleged design fee of $89,000
progressively by periodic progress payments certified by CS Lee. Consequently,
even if I accept the first defendant’s defence (which I do not) that the
parties had agreed to a set off arrangement, the first defendant was no longer
entitled to any further set off as it would amount to double claiming. The
periodic payment of the $89,000 was wholly consistent with the evidence of
Lawrence that he had told William that payment of the sum would be made to the
first defendant in progress payments certified by CS Lee.

d despite Sim’s denial to counsel for the plaintiff and to this court that the
first defendant had delayed the issuance of the letter of award, I entertain
no doubts whatsoever that the first defendant used the excuse of amendments to
the letter of award to delay the contractual completion date of the
subcontract in order to buy itself more time and in order not to make the
payments called for under the SPA; and

e the first defendant’s financial difficulties was the primary reason for its
continued refusal to meet the plaintiff’s solicitors demands to settle the
progress claims outstanding under the SPA.

129 To elaborate on [128(e)], I refer to documents which suggest that the
first defendant was indeed in financial difficulties notwithstanding Sim’s
denial to the contrary. The first defendant had in its letters to the
plaintiff dated 3 January 2000, 5 May 2000, 31 July 2000 and 10 March 2001
repeatedly referred to being in financial difficulties if the plaintiff did
not pay the claims that were certified by CS Lee and/or it had submitted. When
he was confronted with those letters, Leck’s explanation was that it was
merely to chase for payment in a polite fashion; I disagree. I accept the
plaintiff’s submission that they were pleas for financial help. I am
reinforced in my view by Sim’s affidavit filed in CWU No 94 of 2010 (on 24
June 2010) that Tavica’s failure to pay the first defendant for the project
was the cause of the first defendant’s impecuniosity.

130 Furthermore, as late as 22 December 2000, HTF was still writing to the
plaintiff’s solicitors to reiterate the set off arrangement. HTF added that
the first defendant was willing to pay the outstanding progress claims due
under the SPA less the design fee. HTF’s calculations (incorrectly) stated the
balance payable was $62,379.38. However, instead of forwarding a cheque for
$62,379.38, HTF inexplicably enclosed a photocopy of a cashier’s order for
$32,277.63, a cheque for $876.75 and indicated that the Bank would disburse
the shortfall of $29,225.

131 It bears noting that by 22 December 2000, 57% of the design fee had been
paid by the plaintiff, as pointed out in [108] to [111] earlier. Even as of
that date, the first defendant was still paying lip service to the set off
arrangement it claimed existed as HTF did not at any time state that the first
defendant would set off the first defendant’s then outstanding claim (of
$1.8m) against the $94,107.05 demanded by the plaintiff’s solicitors in their
letter dated 16 November 2000. The first defendant’s conduct showed either a
lack of sincerity in its offer or more likely, that it could not afford the
progress claims under the SPA.

132 As for the second defendant, it is noteworthy that his letter to the
plaintiff’s solicitors dated 20 November 2000 at [99] did not unequivocally
state that he agreed to pay the outstanding progress claims due and owing by
the first defendant under the SPA to take over the unit. Instead he couched
his offer as a willingness to pay the “net purchase price” to the plaintiff.

133 Even more telling was the second defendant’s defence (see [49]). Although
he averred that the plaintiff was in breach of the terms of the guarantee in
not selling the unit to him, in none of the various versions of his pleadings
did the second defendant (and for that matter the first defendant)
counterclaim for breach of contract and specific performance from the
plaintiff. The second defendant’s omission casts grave doubts on the _bona
fides_ of his offer to take over the unit from the first defendant. It could
well be that the first defendant’s financial constraints in 1998 equally
applied to the second defendant and he could not afford to take over the
purchase of the unit from the former.

134 The plaintiff premised its claim against the first defendant on cl 7 of
the SPA set out at [38]. In the light of my earlier findings, I find that the
plaintiff has made out its case based on cll 7.2 to 7.4 of the SPA.

135 As for the plaintiff’s claim against the second defendant, the terms of
the guarantee at [98] that he furnished are clear and unambiguous. To
paraphrase the wording of the guarantee, as the first defendant had “failed
neglected or refused to complete the purchase of the Unit” the second
defendant should have but failed to honour his undertaking to purchase the
Unit at the same price and on the same terms as the first defendant. He is
also liable for all costs and expenses arising therefrom.

136 Consequently, I find that the first defendant did repudiate the SPA when
it failed to pay the sum of $154,049.39 after the expiry of the 21 day notice
issued by the plaintiff on 16 November 2000. Accordingly, a declaratory
judgment is awarded to the plaintiff against the first defendant that the SPA
has been repudiated. Further, the plaintiff shall have, at its option, final
judgment against the first and second defendants in the sum of $94,107.05 with
interest (from the date of the writ) and two sets of costs to be taxed on a
standard basis unless otherwise agreed. Alternatively, the plaintiff shall
have interlocutory judgment (with costs) against both defendants with damages
to be assessed by the Registrar with the issue of costs and interest reserved
to the Registrar.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 May 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

