Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Buergin Juerg _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 134

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 97 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Selva K Naidu (Liberty Law Practice LLP) for the
appellant; Isaac Tan and Toh Puay San (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Buergin Juerg — Public Prosecutor  
  
17 July 2013|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant is a Swiss national, aged 41. He was a former banker. Sometime
in 2010 he came across a website called “The Vie Model” which offered escort
services. The person running this business was Tang Boon Thiew (“Tang”).
Through the telephone number provided, the appellant contacted Tang. The
appellant arranged to meet one of the escorts known by the nickname
“Chantelle”. He met her twice and they had sexual relations on both occasions
for which he paid the agreed fees of $600 and $650 respectively. Chantelle was
17 years and 6 months old on the first occasion and 17 years and 9 months old
on the second. Consequently, when police investigations discovered the
appellant’s involvement they charged him with two counts under s 376B(1) of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The appellant was convicted and
sentenced to four months and three weeks imprisonment for each charge and the
court below ordered the sentences to run concurrently with effect from 8 May
2013. The appellant was still serving his sentence when his appeal before me
was heard. Section 376B(1) of the Penal Code reads as follows:

Any person who obtains for consideration the sexual services of a person, who
is under 18 years of age, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which
may extend to 7 years, or with fine, or with both.

2 There was no dispute that the charges had been proved saved for the point of
law submitted before me in this appeal. The facts were straight forward. The
appellant’s defence was that he did not know that Chantelle was under the age
of 18 at the time of the offences. The trial judge found that the appellant
had asked for Chantelle’s identification. The trial judge also found that Tang
discussed this with Chantelle and they obviously thought that it might be a
problem so Chantelle showed her elder sister’s identity card to the appellant
instead. Accordingly, the trial judge found that the appellant did not know
that Chantelle was under-aged.

3 The appeal before me was on a narrow issue of law, namely, whether _mens
rea_ was a requirement for a s 376B(1) offence. More specifically, the issue
in question was whether the prosecution was obliged to prove that the person
accused of committing the offence of paid sex with a minor under 18 knew that
the minor was under-aged. Counsel for the appellant, Mr Naidu, submitted that
the law presumes that _mens rea_ is a requisite element for all statutory
offences. Citing Halsbury’s Laws of England and the modern affirmation of that
proposition in Lord Reid’s judgment in _Sweet v Parsley_ [1970] AC 132, Mr
Naidu submitted that this made it clear that the prosecution had to prove that
the appellant intended to have paid sex with an under-aged person, and since
the appellant was found to believe that Chantelle was not under-aged, he could
not have had that intention. I have no difficulty with the proposition that
there is a presumption that Parliament would not intend to make criminals of
persons who were not blameworthy. Generally, the courts accept that _mens rea_
is a requisite factor in all criminal offences unless it is clear from the
legislation that the offence (as legislated) did not require proof of _mens
rea_.

4 In this case, s 377D of the Penal Code stood in the way of the appellant’s
defence. Section 377D reads as follows:

(1)Subject to subsections (2) and (3) and notwithstanding anything in section
79, a reasonable mistake as to the age of a person shall not be a defence to
any charge of an offence under section 376A(2), 376B or 376C.

(2)In the case of a person who at the time of the alleged offence was under 21
years of age, the presence of a reasonable mistaken belief that the minor, who
is of the opposite sex, was of or above –

(a)the age of 16 years, shall be a valid defence to a charge of an offence
under section 376A(2); or

(b)the age of 18 years, shall be a valid defence to a charge of an offence
under section 376B or 376C.

…

5 I am of the view that s 377D(1) leaves no doubt that an accused like the
appellant cannot raise in his defence that he did not know that the person he
had paid sex with was under-aged. Mr Naidu submitted that this provision
merely removes “reasonable mistake” as a defence but there are other aspects
of _mens rea_ not connected with “reasonable mistake”. He argued that the
prosecution therefore was obliged to prove the criminal intention in this
case. He argued that the appellant not only did not know that Chantelle was
under-aged, the appellant was in fact cheated by Tang and Chantelle into
believing that she was not under-aged. Counsel argued that the appellant was a
“victim”, not an offender. I am not aware of any known defence in criminal law
that a person is not guilty of an offence if he was a victim of some other
offence. The offence in question was one of having paid sex with an under-aged
person. The appellant might have been a victim of a cheating offence by Tang
or Chantelle, but that is not a defence. It was a digression from the crux of
the appellant’s true defence, namely, that at the material time he made a
reasonable mistake in believing that Chantelle was under-aged. But that
belief, which the trial judge accepted, cannot be raised as a defence because
of the clear wording of s 377D(1). The only exception to s 377D(1) is where
the accused person was under the age of 21 years (see [4] above). The
appellant was 39 years old at the time of his offences. The fact that the
appellant was cheated by Tang or Chantelle only threw him into circumstances
in which he could raise in his defence that he did not know that Chantelle was
under-aged, but that was _precisely_ the defence that s 377D precluded him
from raising. Consequently, his appeal against conviction failed and was
dismissed. The circumstances of his case might have been relevant in respect
of sentencing but since there was no appeal against sentence and neither the
prosecution nor defence raised it, I will not make any comment on the
sentence.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

