Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Beijing Sinozonto Mining Investment Co Ltd _v_ Goldenray Consortium
(Singapore) Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHC 248

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 708 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 33
of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sim Chong and Yip Wei Yen (JLC Advisors LLP) for the
appellant; Christopher Tan, Marcus Foong and Jacqueline Chua (Lee & Lee) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Beijing Sinozonto Mining Investment Co Ltd — Goldenray Consortium
(Singapore) Pte Ltd  
  
14 November 2013|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 Beijing Sinozonto Mining Investment Co Ltd (“BSM”), the applicant in
Originating Summons No 708 of 2012 (“OS 708/2012”), successfully obtained an
order on 17 August 2012 (“the August Order”) pursuant to an _ex parte_ hearing
for leave to enforce an arbitral award (“Award”) in Singapore, which Award was
made under the auspices of the China International Economic and Trade
Arbitration Commission (“CIETAC”) on 15 February 2012. Within the time
prescribed by the August Order, Goldenray Consortium (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(“Goldenray”) as the respondent in OS 708/2012 applied by way of Summons No
4709 of 2012 (“SUM 4709/2012”) to set aside the August Order, contending that
the court should not give leave to enforce the Award because enforcement would
be contrary to the public policy of Singapore, reliance being placed on s
31(4)(_b_) of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the
IAA”).

2 Goldenray’s application was dismissed on 21 January 2013 (“the January 2013
Order”). Goldenray’s appeal against the January 2013 Order _vide_ Registrar’s
Appeal No 33 of 2013 (“RA 33/2013”) was dismissed on 22 July 2013 as I was not
persuaded that the Award was “fraud-tainted” or “corruption-tainted” such that
its enforcement would be contrary to the public policy of Singapore.
Goldenray’s claim that BSM procured the Award by fraud or corruption was an
unavailing and unsupported assertion in the absence of cogent evidence that
BSM committed a fraud that could have influenced the arbitrator’s decision. As
matters stood, there was no material to make good Goldenray’s assertions.

Background facts

3 Sometime in April 2011, BSM and Goldenray agreed to enter into a joint
investment to develop a crocodile farm in Chaoyang District, Beijing, People’s
Republic of China (“PRC”) known as the Beijing Jinzhan Township Eco Village
Project (“the Project”). The company involved in the Project was Beijing
Goldenray Eco-Technology Development Co Ltd (“Beijing Goldenray”). Pursuant to
the joint investment, BSM and Goldenray each held 45% of the shares in Beijing
Goldenray, while the remaining 10% shareholding was held by the Beijing
Municipality Chaoyang District Jinzhan Township Shawo Village Economic
Cooperative.

4 The joint investment produced four agreements. They were:

(a) The Beijing Goldenray Share Transfer and Loan Agreement dated 5 April 2011
between BSM and Goldenray, with Goldenray’s director, Mr Zhang Shikeng, acting
as guarantor of Goldenray. Under this agreement, BSM would, _inter alia_ ,
contribute working capital in the sum of RMB45m to the joint venture.

(b) The Beijing Goldenray Share Transfer Agreement dated 15 April 2011 between
BSM and Goldenray.

(c) A loan agreement dated 15 April 2011 between BSM and Beijing Goldenray.

(d) A loan agreement dated 15 April 2011 between BSM and Goldenray, with Mr
Zhang Shikeng acting as guarantor of Goldenray (“the BSM/Goldenray Loan
Agreement”), whereby BSM granted to Goldenray a loan of RMB50.2m secured by:

(i) a pledge of shares comprising Goldenray’s 45% shareholding in Beijing
Goldenray; and

(ii) a personal guarantee furnished by Goldenray’s director, Mr Zhang Shikeng.

Of this loan amount of RMB50.2m, BSM agreed to disburse RMB35.2m to Beijing
Goldenray before 18 April 2011, while the remaining RMB15m would be disbursed
to Beijing Goldenray before 29 June 2011. Only the first sum of RMB35.2m was
disbursed. Goldenray was to repay the loan of RMB35.2m after six months as
well as contribute its share of the investment amounting to about
RMB10m.[note: 1] BSM later discovered that Goldenray was not in a financial
position to resolve its outstanding obligations, including repayment of the
RMB35.2m loan just mentioned.

Commencement of arbitration up to the Award

Preliminaries and appointment of the arbitrators

5 Differences arose between BSM and Goldenray under the BSM/Goldenray Loan
Agreement, and on 3 August 2011, BSM submitted a Request for Arbitration dated
1 August 2011 under the CIETAC rules, claiming repayment of the loan of
RMB35.2m together with interest and legal fees. Prior to taking that step,
BSM’s lawyer in Beijing, Mr Zhao Pan, sent Goldenray a letter of demand on 26
July 2011 that, _inter alia_ , requested for further security to be furnished
to BSM, failing which Goldenray would have to repay the loan of RMB35.2m under
the BSM/Goldenray Loan Agreement.

6 A Notice of Arbitration (under Case No F20110372) was sent by the
Secretariat of CIETAC to BSM and Goldenray on 19 August 2011 (“the
Arbitration”). On 8 October 2011, Mr Xia Jun, Mdm Hu Wanru and Mr Li Yong
accepted appointment as arbitrators (“Tribunal”), and a copy of the Notice of
Formation of the Arbitral Tribunal and Declaration for Acceptance of
Appointment signed by the arbitrators was sent to the parties on the same
date. I should mention that Mr Xia Jun was appointed by BSM; Goldenray and Mr
Zhang Shikeng appointed Mdm Hu Wanru. The president of the Tribunal, Mr Li
Yong, was appointed by the Chairman of CIETAC.

7 I gathered from reading the terms of the Award that Goldenray submitted its
Statement of Defence and Statement of Counterclaim to the Tribunal on 9
October 2011 and its amended Statement of Counterclaim on 22 November 2011;
that the Tribunal agreed to accept and hear Goldenray’s counterclaim together
with BSM’s claim; and that BSM’s Statement of Defence to the Counterclaim was
submitted on 16 December 2011.

8 On 28 November 2011, CIETAC notified the parties that the Arbitration was
fixed for hearing on 18 January 2012.

Attempts at settlement between August and October 2011

9 Even though BSM submitted its Request for Arbitration on 3 August 2011, the
parties nevertheless held settlement discussions without suspending the
arbitral process put in motion by BSM. This fact is relevant to the merits of
the appeal in RA 33/2013.

10 Returning to the chronology and narrative of how the relevant events
unfolded, Goldenray proposed to BSM on 1 August 2011 that the matter be
settled amicably. On 9 August 2011, BSM proffered a draft settlement agreement
for Goldenray’s consideration, which agreement touched only on the repayment
of the RMB35.2m loan. Goldenray responded on 11 August 2011 with changes, most
notably with a proposal to buy over BSM’s entire 45% shareholding in Beijing
Goldenray.

11 Goldenray’s desire to buy out BSM was repeated in an amended draft
settlement agreement which Goldenray sent to BSM on 9 October 2011 (“the
October draft settlement agreement”). In effect, the October draft settlement
agreement concerned two major proposals: (a) that Goldenray would repay BSM
the RMB35.2m loan; and (b) that Goldenray would, in addition, purchase BSM’s
entire stake in Beijing Goldenray for RMB45m.

12 BSM was agreeable in principle to the terms of the October draft settlement
agreement, and, on 13 October 2011, informed Goldenray that it wanted the
settlement agreement to be recorded in an arbitral award. Goldenray disagreed.
On 21 November 2011, Goldenray sent a further draft settlement agreement for
review but that draft did _not_ accommodate BSM’s condition to record any
executed settlement in an arbitral award; it sought, instead, the withdrawal
of the Arbitration.[note: 2] This omission of BSM’s condition was the deal
breaker.

The Award

13 Both BSM and Goldenray were represented by their PRC lawyers, Mr Zhao Pan
and Ms Zhang Ying respectively, at the arbitration hearing on 18 January 2012.
In the course of the hearing, the Tribunal purportedly asked the PRC lawyers
whether they could reach a settlement. The PRC lawyers agreed to try;
negotiations on this front then began, and on the same day (_viz_ , 18 January
2012) the PRC lawyers managed to arrive at an in-principle agreement on a
settlement which they brought back to their respective clients. Following
that, a draft settlement agreement was drawn up by the PRC lawyers. On 20
January 2012, the settlement agreement was signed by the PRC lawyers - Mr Zhao
Pan on behalf of BSM, and Ms Zhang Ying on behalf of Goldenray and Mr Zhang
Shikeng (“the January 2012 Settlement Agreement”). The recital to the January
2012 Settlement Agreement stated that:[note: 3]

… [BSM, Goldenray and Mr Zhang Shikeng] agreed to conciliation for the
disputes arising from the four aforesaid agreements by the Arbitral Tribunal
for No. F20110372, and rendering of the arbitral award in accordance with the
terms of the Settlement Agreement.

14 Slightly less than four weeks later, on 15 February 2012, the Tribunal
issued the Award “in accordance with the terms of the … [January 2012]
Settlement Agreement and Paragraph 6 of Article 40 of the Arbitration Rules
[of CIETAC]”.[note: 4] Part III of the Award stated that:[note: 5]

Both parties consented to conciliation by the Arbitral Tribunal for the
disputes arising from the Beijing Goldenray Eco-Technology Development Co.,
Ltd. Share Transfer and Loan Agreement, Beijing Goldenray Eco-Technology
Development Co., Ltd. Share Transfer Agreement, Loan Agreement, as well as
Loan Agreement concluded between [BSM], [Goldenray], [Mr Zhang Shikeng], and
third-party Goldenray Eco-Technology Development Co., Ltd. separately on April
5, 2011 and April 15, 2011.

15 The relevant terms of the Award were as follows:[note: 6]

(a) Goldenray was to pay RMB80.2m to BSM, and the latter was to transfer its
45% shareholding in Beijing Goldenray to the former. I note here that the
figure of RM80.2m was derived from adding the repayment of the RMB35.2m loan
to the RMB45m consideration for BSM’s 45% stake in Beijing Goldenray.

(b) Goldenray was to pay BSM according to the following schedule: RMB3m by 20
February 2012; RMB10m by 31 March 2012; RMB10m by 30 April 2012; RMB20m by 31
May 2012; and RMB37.2m by 30 June 2012.

(c) As security for payment, Goldenray would pledge its 45% shareholding in
Beijing Goldenray in BSM’s favour (“the Pledge”).

(d) Upon full payment of RMB35.2m, BSM would cancel the registration of the
Pledge, and upon receipt of RMB45m, transfer the shares to Goldenray.

(e) The Award was to take effect on 15 February 2012.

16 As stated in the recital to the January 2012 Settlement Agreement, the
Award was to reflect the terms of the settlement. Furthermore, there was
nothing on the material before me to show, and it was not Goldenray’s case,
that following the settlement the Tribunal was required to hear and determine
BSM’s claim for interest and Goldenray’s counterclaim for RMB1,380,822. It was
thus not surprising that the Tribunal in its Award dismissed BSM’s residual
claim for interest and the counterclaim submitted by Goldenray.

Enforcement proceedings in China and Singapore

17 In relation to payments under the Award, BSM took out enforcement
proceedings against Goldenray in PRC on 21 February 2012. The enforcement
proceeding were subsequently discontinued as the latter paid RMB3m on 29
February 2012. When Goldenray defaulted on the second instalment payment, BSM
started enforcement proceedings again on 10 April 2012. On that occasion,
Goldenray paid RMB4m on 3 May 2012, but not the remaining RMB6m due under the
second instalment.[note: 7]

18 There were no further payments thereafter, leaving the sum of RMB73.2m due
and outstanding. BSM took out enforcement proceedings in PRC for the entire
outstanding sum of RMB73.2m on 9 July 2012, and an enforcement order was
granted on 18 July 2012.[note: 8]

19 In addition, BSM sought to enforce the Award in Singapore. By the August
Order, BSM was granted leave to enforce the Award against Goldenray.

SUM 4709/2012 and the January 2013 Order

20 The assistant registrar hearing SUM 4709/2012 (“the AR”) dismissed
Goldenray’s application to set aside the August Order. The AR held that in
order to prove that the Award was “tainted” by fraud or corruption (the word
“tainted” was used by Goldenray’s counsel, Mr Sim Chong (“Mr Sim”), in these
proceedings), Goldenray needed to show that one Mr Mu Zili (“Mr Mu”) had acted
in a corrupt manner pursuant to an agreement between BSM, their lawyer, Mr
Zhao Pan, and his colleague Mr Mu, and that Mr Mu did in fact try to influence
the Tribunal in BSM’s favour. The AR held that Goldenray did not make out its
case since it failed to produce any evidence of communications between Mr Mu
and the Tribunal.

Arguments of the parties on the issues for decision in RA 33/2013

Goldenray’s allegations of fraud and corruption

21 Goldenray argued that the August Order should be set aside on the ground
that the Award was tainted by fraud or corruption such that enforcement of the
Award in Singapore would be contrary to the public policy of Singapore.

22 Goldenray’s case in this respect is most conveniently summarised in its
skeletal arguments dated 22 July 2013. Mr Sim argued that:[note: 9]

BSM, through its representatives or intermediaries, had unilaterally entered
into an improper arrangement with the Tribunal to get the Tribunal to issue an
award that supports BSM’s claim and issue an award as soon as possible.

I will hereafter refer to Mr Sim’s contention as “the improper arrangement
argument”.

23 Mr Sim relied on 14 e-mails (collectively referred to as “the E-mails”)
which he described as “extraordinary”, and he invited this court to infer from
the contents of the E-mails the following facts to support the improper
arrangement argument and to conclude that the Award was tainted by fraud
and/or corruption:[note: 10]

(a) that BSM paid certain monies to its lawyers in PRC;

(b) that Mr Zhao Pan (BSM’s lawyer from Beijing Kangda Law Firm) asked his
partner, Mr Zhao Xiaolong, to release part of the monies to him;

(c) that Mr Zhao Pan received these monies;

(d) that part of these monies were given to Mr Mu (a consultant in Beijing
Kangda Law Firm), who then approached the Tribunal and entered into an
improper arrangement as set out in the E-mails; and

(e) that the Tribunal must have received some gratification for pressuring
Goldenray to settle with BSM.

24 The discovery of the E-mails was significant to Goldenray. I noted that, at
the beginning, BSM challenged the authenticity of most of the E-mails. For the
purposes of the hearing of RA 33/2013, BSM’s counsel, Mr Christopher Tan (“Mr
Tan”), was content to and did meet Goldenray’s arguments on the E-mails
squarely. I shall discuss the E-mails in due course. It suffices to say for
now that Goldenray’s contention is that the E-mails showed that BSM and/or its
PRC lawyer, Mr Zhao Pan, had agreed to pay Mr Mu in return for Mr Mu
influencing or affecting the Tribunal and the Arbitration.

25 Related to the late discovery of the E-mails is Mr Zhang Shikeng’s first
affidavit which alleged (at para 39) that during the arbitration hearing, the
Tribunal repeatedly pressed the parties to settle, and that Mr Zhang Shikeng
felt that he had no choice but to do so in light of the Tribunal’s actions and
behaviour. He further deposed in his affidavit to the following matters (at
para 40):

After discovering the Emails, I now understand why the Tribunal acted the way
it did. I would not have entered into any settlement with BSM if I had known
about these arrangement(s) among/between Zhao Pan and/or Mr Mu. I would also
have asked for the Tribunal to recuse itself immediately and demand [_sic_]
for the dispute to be determined in a neutral venue or forum such as
arbitration under the International Chamber of Commerce or the Permanent Court
of Arbitration.

26 In other words, Goldenray’s point is that the fraud or corruption that
could be inferred from the E-mails was not discoverable by due diligence
before or during the arbitration hearing. According to Mr Zhang Shikeng, the
E-mails were discovered in his office computer around the time his office was
being renovated, and when copies of e-mails in the hard disks were made. It
was explained that Mr Zhao Pan had used Goldenray’s office computers on the
occasions when the former visited Goldenray’s office in Beijing to persuade Mr
Zhang Shikeng to settle with BSM.[note: 11]

27 Mr Sim cited _Quek Tiong Kheng and another v Chang Choong Khoon Mark and
others_ [2012] SGDC 76 for the District Court’s observation that in cases of
fraud, direct evidence would be rare and circumstantial evidence would
suffice, and for the district judge’s approval of Pollock CB’s statement in _R
v Exall_ (1866) 4 F & F 922 (at 929) in relation to circumstantial evidence:

It has been said that circumstantial evidence is to be considered as a chain,
and each piece of evidence as a link in the chain, but that is not so, for
then, if any one link broke, the chain would fall. It is more like the case of
a rope composed of several cords. One strand of the cord might be insufficient
to sustain the weight, but three stranded together may be quite of sufficient
strength.

Thus it may be in circumstantial evidence—there may be a combination of
circumstances, no one of which would raise a reasonable conviction, or more
than a mere suspicion, but the whole, taken together, may create a conclusion
of guilt, that is, with as much certainty as human affairs can require or
admit of.

BSM’s case

28 BSM rejected Goldenray’s allegation of the existence of an agreement
between BSM, Mr Zhao Pan and Mr Mu to improperly influence the Tribunal in
BSM’s favour (_ie_ , the improper arrangement argument). In particular, BSM
rejected the allegation that it had tried to pay Mr Mu to get the Tribunal to
“support” BSM’s claim, or to “influence” the Tribunal and/or the Arbitration
in any other way.[note: 12] BSM submitted that the January 2013 Order was
correct. First, the Award was based on a settlement reached between the
parties on 20 January 2012 (_ie_ , the January 2012 Settlement Agreement). As
such, the Tribunal was not asked to and did not determine any issue in the
Arbitration. The improper arrangement argument was a non-starter. Second,
there was no clear and convincing proof of fraud and/or corruption. Third,
Goldenray’s opposition to enforcement was simply a tactic used to delay
payment.

29 Although there was no affidavit from Mr Mu, BSM received a letter from Mr
Mu dated 8 November 2012 rejecting as preposterous the accusations levelled
against him. In this letter Mr Mu clarified that he had never signed any
document with Mr Zhao Pan and had not communicated with the Tribunal or any of
its members.[note: 13] As for Mr Zhao Pan, who was present at the 18 January
2012 arbitration hearing, he filed an affidavit. Besides narrating what
happened at the hearing, he also said:[note: 14]

… I have never entered into any agreement, or attempted to enter into any
agreement between BSM, myself and Mu Zili in relation to the arbitration
proceedings in China between BSM and Goldenray.

30 In relation to BSM’s first contention (see [28] above), BSM explained that
there had been previous rounds of negotiations between the parties. The first
round of negotiation was prior to the commencement of arbitration.
Subsequently, there were further negotiations between 9 August and 21 November
2011. During this second round of negotiations, the October draft settlement
agreement was prepared for discussion. BSM’s point is that the parties were
prepared to settle their differences, and by late 2011 the two main
differences pertaining to Goldenray’s repayment of RMB35.2m and purchase of
BSM’s 45% stake in Beijing Goldenray for RMB45m were already in principle
resolved.

31 BSM’s account of what transpired before the Tribunal on 18 January 2012 and
how the January 2012 Settlement Agreement was then reached is revealed in the
affidavit evidence of Mr Zhao Pan.[note: 15] On the first day of the
arbitration hearing, the Tribunal asked the PRC lawyers on both sides if they
could come to a settlement. The PRC lawyers informed the Tribunal that they
had explored the possibility of settlement and would continue to negotiate
further. Later in the day, an in-principle agreement was reached between the
PRC lawyers, and a draft settlement agreement was prepared, which draft was
approved by BSM on 18 January 2012. However, Goldenray did not approve the
draft until the next day. According to BSM, on 19 January 2012, Mr Zhao Pan
received a telephone call from CIETAC informing him that Mr Zhang Shikeng had
approved the draft agreement on behalf of Goldenray.

32 The Tribunal required Beijing Goldenray’s consent to the settlement as the
terms involved the latter. Consent was given by Beijing Goldenray on 20
January 2012.

33 The January 2012 Settlement Agreement was then executed by the PRC lawyers
on behalf of the parties to the Arbitration, BSM, Goldenray and Mr Zhang
Shikeng, on 20 January 2012.[note: 16]

34 Significantly, BSM pointed out that Mr Zhang Shikeng, who claimed that he
felt pressured by the Tribunal to settle, was not even at the hearing on 18
January 2012. When this fact was pointed out by BSM, Mr Zhang Shikeng changed
his story. He then claimed that he had formed his impression from what was
conveyed to him by his PRC lawyer, Ms Zhang Ying, namely that “the Tribunal
had indicated that it would issue a severely adverse award against Goldenray
if we did not agree to settle with BSM”.[note: 17] Thus, BSM argued that no
weight should be given to this aspect of his hearsay affidavit evidence. In
addition, Goldenray did not file an affidavit from Ms Zhang Ying to explain
what exactly had transpired at the arbitration hearing on 18 January 2012.
Thus, Mr Zhao Pan’s affidavit evidence on this aspect of the case was
unchallenged.

Applicable legal principles under s 31(4) of the IAA

35 The grounds on which a foreign arbitral award may be refused enforcement in
Singapore are found in ss 31(2) and 31(4) of the IAA. For convenience, s 31 of
the IAA is reproduced as follows:

**Refusal of enforcement**

**31.** —(1) In any proceedings in which the enforcement of a foreign award is
sought by virtue of this Part, the party against whom the enforcement is
sought may request that the enforcement be refused, and the enforcement in any
of the cases mentioned in subsections (2) and (4) may be refused but not
otherwise.

(2) A court so requested may refuse enforcement of a foreign award if the
person against whom enforcement is sought proves to the satisfaction of the
court that —

(_a_) a party to the arbitration agreement in pursuance of which the award was
made was, under the law applicable to him, under some incapacity at the time
when the agreement was made;

(_b_) the arbitration agreement is not valid under the law to which the
parties have subjected it or, in the absence of any indication in that
respect, under the law of the country where the award was made;

(_c_) he was not given proper notice of the appointment of the arbitrator or
of the arbitration proceedings or was otherwise unable to present his case in
the arbitration proceedings;

(_d_) subject to subsection (3), the award deals with a difference not
contemplated by, or not falling within the terms of, the submission to
arbitration or contains a decision on the matter beyond the scope of the
submission to arbitration;

(_e_) the composition of the arbitral authority or the arbitral procedure was
not in accordance with the agreement of the parties or, failing such
agreement, was not in accordance with the law of the country where the
arbitration took place; or

(_f_) the award has not yet become binding on the parties to the arbitral
award or has been set aside or suspended by a competent authority of the
country in which, or under the law of which, the award was made.

(3) When a foreign award referred to in subsection (2)(_d_) contains decisions
on matters not submitted to arbitration but those decisions can be separated
from decisions on matters submitted to arbitration, the award may be enforced
to the extent that it contains decisions on matters so submitted.

(4) In any proceedings in which the enforcement of a foreign award is sought
by virtue of this Part, the court may refuse to enforce the award if it finds
that —

(_a_) the subject-matter of the difference between the parties to the award is
not capable of settlement by arbitration under the law of Singapore; or

(_b_) enforcement of the award would be contrary to the public policy of
Singapore.

(5) Where, in any proceedings in which the enforcement of a foreign award is
sought by virtue of this Part, the court is satisfied that an application for
the setting aside or for the suspension of the award has been made to a
competent authority of the country in which, or under the law of which, the
award was made, the court may and may —

(_a_) if the court considers it proper to do so, adjourn the proceedings or,
as the case may be, so much of the proceedings as relates to the award; and

(_b_) on the application of the party seeking to enforce the award, order the
other party to give suitable security.

The concept of public policy in s 31(4)(b) of the IAA

36 RA 33/2013 is concerned with an award of a competent tribunal to which s
31(4)(_b_) of the IAA applies. That provision states that enforcement of a
foreign arbitral award may be refused if such enforcement would be contrary to
the public policy of Singapore, and gives legislative effect to Art V(2)(_b_)
of the 1958 New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign
Arbitral Awards (“New York Convention”).

37 The Court of Appeal in _PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank
SA_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 597 (“ _Dexia Bank_ ”) (at [59]) has stated that the
concept of “public policy” under the IAA is to be given a narrow scope of
operation. It operates in instances where the upholding of an arbitral award
would shock the conscience, was clearly injurious to the public good or wholly
offensive to the ordinary reasonable and fully informed member of the public,
or would violate the forum state’s most basic notions of morality and justice
(_Dexia Bank_ at [59]). While _Dexia Bank_ was concerned with the setting
aside of an award made in a Singapore-seated arbitration, under Art
34(2)(_b_)(ii) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration, the court cited with approval (at [59]) a passage from para 297
of the _Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on
the Work of its Eighteenth Session_ (3–21 June 1985) (A/40/17):

[T]he term “public policy”, which was used in the 1958 New York Convention and
many other treaties, covered fundamental principles of law and justice in
substantive as well as procedural respects. Thus, instances such as
corruption, bribery or fraud and similar serious cases would constitute a
ground for setting aside.

38 Following the Court of Appeal’s subsequent clarification in _AJU v AJT_
[2011] 4 SLR 739 (“ _AJU_ ”) (at [37]), there can be no doubt that the
discussion of “public policy” in _Dexia Bank_ is equally applicable to a case
where the enforcement of a foreign arbitral award is being resisted under s
31(4)(_b_). This echoes the decision of Quentin Loh Sze-On JC (as he then was)
in _Strandore Invest A/S and others v Soh Kim Wat_ [2010] SGHC 151 (“
_Strandore_ ”) (at [26]), where _Dexia Bank_ was held to apply in the context
of a refusal to enforce an award under s 31(4)(_b_).

39 In another case which touched on s 31(4)(_b_), Choo Han Teck J said that
the “public policy” ground for refusing enforcement would be triggered if such
enforcement offended notions of justice and morality, or if there were
exceptional circumstances to justify a refusal of enforcement (_Galsworthy Ltd
of the Republic of Liberia v Glory Wealth Shipping Pte Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 727
(“ _Galsworthy_ ”) at [17]; see also _Aloe Vera of America, Inc v Asianic Food
(S) Pte Ltd and another_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 174 at [75]).

40 While the formulation in _Galsworthy_ is worded slightly differently from
that enunciated in _Dexia Bank_ , it is clear that the gist and import of
these decisions are consistent.

41 Public policy is capable of covering a wide variety of matters. Erroneous
legal reasoning or misapplication of law is generally not a violation of
public policy within the meaning of s 31(4)(_b_). However, in the present
case, the argument advanced is that the forum state’s most basic notions of
morality and justice would be violated if an arbitral award procured through
fraud was enforced there; and “fraud” in this context encompasses a showing of
bad faith during the arbitration proceedings, such as bribery, undisclosed
bias of the arbitrator, or wilful destruction or withholding of evidence. I
agree entirely with what Chan Seng Onn J said in _Dongwoo Mann+Hummel Co Ltd v
Mann+Hummel GmbH_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 871 (at [139]), that if a party bribes the
tribunal into giving a decision in its favour, or does anything to corrupt,
subvert or compromise the professional integrity, impartiality and
independence of the tribunal, that would certainly shock the conscience and be
clearly injurious to the public good or wholly offensive to the ordinary
reasonable and fully informed member of the public. Judith Prakash J in _Sui
Southern Gas Co Ltd v Habibullah Coastal Power Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 1 at
[48]) appeared to share a similar view that an award obtained by corruption,
bribery or fraud would violate the basic notions of morality and justice and
amount to a breach of the public policy of Singapore .

The threshold test: the applicable standard of proof

42 Section 31(4)(_b_) states that the court may refuse to enforce the award
“if it finds that” enforcement would be contrary to the public policy of
Singapore. What is the standard of proof against which the court makes such a
finding? Is a “finding”, in this context, based on the civil standard of a
balance of probabilities (that is, more likely than not) or on something less
than that, and if the latter, what exactly is the standard? Mr Sim did not
draw the court’s attention to any judicial pronouncement in Singapore on this
point. Mr Tan, on the other hand, referred to _Swiss Singapore Overseas
Enterprises Pte Ltd v Exim Rajathi India Pvt Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 573, which
considered and adopted the meaning of the phrase “obtained by fraud” as used
in the UK Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23).[note: 18]

43 In my view, it is helpful to refer to the position in Australia. The
Australian equivalent of s 31(4)(_b_) is s 8(7) of the International
Arbitration Act 1974 (Act 136 of 1974) (Cth) (“Australian IAA”). Both
provisions are _in pari materia_ , and both give effect to Art V(2)(_b_) of
the New York Convention. In _IMC Aviation Solutions Pty Ltd v Altain Khuder
LLC_ (2011) 282 ALR 717 (at [192]), the majority of the Victorian Court of
Appeal held in respect of s 8(7) of the Australian IAA that:

192 … [T]he Act neither expressly nor, in our opinion, by necessary intendment
provides that the standard of proof under s 8(5) and (7) is anything other
than the balance of probabilities, as one would expect in a civil case.
Section 8(5) requires proof ‘to the satisfaction of the Court’ **_whereas s
8(7) refers to a finding_**. **_But in either case, it is on the balance of
probabilities._** It is thus seen that the legislature has adopted different
language in these provisions, which serves to emphasise not only the
deliberate use of language but also the absence of language such as ‘heavy
onus’, ‘extremely onerous and a heavy burden’, and ‘clear, cogent and clear
proof’. The true position, in our view, is that what may be required, in a
particular case, to produce proof on the balance of probabilities will depend
on the nature and seriousness of that sought to be proved. … [emphasis added
in bold italics]

Therefore, the view taken in Australia is that the party seeking to resist
enforcement under s 8(7) of the Australian IAA must persuade the court on a
balance of probabilities that enforcement would be contrary to the public
policy of the enforcing State.

44 Apart from this Australian decision, there are some local cases which have
discussed the standard of proof required under s 31(2) of the IAA. It is
necessary to consider these decisions because the procedure by which the s
31(4)(_b_) ground is invoked is the same as that where it is s 31(2) which is
relied upon.

45 I start with the opening words of s 31(2), which read as follows:

A court so requested may refuse enforcement of a foreign award if the person
against whom enforcement is sought _proves to the satisfaction of the court_
that … [emphasis added].

The provision then goes on to list grounds (_a_) to (_f_). Section 31(2) by
its terms requires proof to the _satisfaction_ of the court, while s 31(4)
refers to a _finding_ of the court. In my view, this difference is in the
terminology and not to the applicable standard of proof which remains the
same.

46 As far as s 31(2) is concerned, it has been suggested in three recent High
Court decisions that a party who seeks to prove the matters under s 31(2) has
to convince the court on a balance of probabilities (_Denmark Skibstekniske
Konsulenter A/S I Likvidation (formerly known as Knud E Hansen A/S) v
Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd (formerly known as Ultrapolis 3000 Theme Park
Investments Ltd)_ [2010] 3 SLR 661 at [43] and [45]; _Strandore_ at [23];
_Galsworthy_ at [11]).

47 The High Court in these decisions cited some English cases in support. The
English analogue to our s 31(2) is s 103(2) of the Arbitration Act 1996, the
opening sentence of which reads: “Recognition or enforcement of the award may
be refused if the person against whom it is invoked _proves_ …” [emphasis
added]. In the now well-known _Dallah_ litigation, Aikens J (as he then was)
at first instance and Moore-Bick LJ in the Court of Appeal both held that this
must mean proof of the existence of the relevant matters on a balance of
probabilities (_Dallah Real Estate and Tourism Holding Co v The Ministry Of
Religious Affairs, Government Of Pakistan_ [2008] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 535 at [82];
_Dallah Estate and Tourism Holding Company v Ministry of Religious Affairs of
the Government of Pakistan_ [2010] 2 WLR 805 at [20]). At the UK Supreme
Court, Lord Mance JSC held that the language of s 103(2) of the Arbitration
Act 1996 (“proves”) pointed strongly to ordinary judicial determination of the
issue (_Dallah Real Estate and Tourism Holding Co v Ministry of Religious
Affairs of the Government of Pakistan_ [2011] 1 AC 763 at [28]).

48 In my view, the phrase “if it finds” in the opening sentence of s 31(4)
connotes satisfaction on the balance of probabilities, like the opening words
of s 31(2) (“proves to the satisfaction of the court”). This view is
reinforced so far as the standard of proof is concerned by the fact that the
issues in s 31(4)(_b_) must be decided once and for all in the present
proceedings, and as such, it would be proper to hold that the preliminary
facts making out the grounds relied upon must be proved to the satisfaction of
the court on a balance of probabilities. Adopting the words of Lord Hoffmann
in _Secretary of State for the Home Department v Rehman_ [2003] 1 AC 153 (“
_Rehman_ ”) (at [55]), the level of probability for civil cases “always means
more likely than not”.

Hearing based on affidavit evidence

49 The mode of commencement of enforcement proceedings by way of originating
summons to the High Court is obligatory in that it is prescribed by O 69A r
3(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the RC”), and the
hearing is based on affidavit evidence (O 69A r 6 and O 28 r 3 of the RC).

50 I indicated earlier that the issues in s 31(4)(_b_) are to be decided once
and for all by this court. With this in mind I make two points. First, the
order giving or refusing leave to enforce an award is a final order in the
sense that it disposes of the challenge against enforcement and thus marks the
end of the life of the originating summons (_Dardana Ltd v Yukos Oil Co_
[2002] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 326 at [18]). To borrow a phrase from a slightly
different context (but the import is the same), once the application is
determined the entire subject matter of the originating summons is spent, and
there is nothing further for the court to deal with (_Dorsey James Michael v
World Sport Group Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 354 at [64]).

51 The second point that arises from the first is that the affidavit evidence
filed by either party has to contain facts which are within the deponent’s
personal knowledge to prove (see O 41 r 5(1) of the RC). As such the rules of
evidence must be observed. This is stated in O 38 r 2(5) of the Rules of
Court. It is observed in _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (LexisNexis, 2009)
(at para 38/2/7) that O 38 r 2(5) preserves the rules of evidence in the
affidavit procedure. This sub-rule states that the affidavit must contain
evidence which, if given orally, would be admissible. Thus, information in the
affidavit that is not within the personal knowledge of the deponent is not
admissible in evidence. It must be remembered that an affidavit containing
hearsay evidence is permissible for use only in interlocutory proceedings (see
O 41 r 5(2)).

52 The originating summons hearing itself differs from the trial of an action
begun by writ mainly with regard to the evidence in that all the evidence will
have been given on affidavit alone as there is no need for cross-examination
of the deponents or further oral evidence. That said, a party may seek leave
of court to lead oral evidence and/or for the deponents of affidavits to be
ordered to attend for cross-examination (see O 28 r 4 and O 38 r 2(2) of the
RC). In addition, the originating summons may be converted into a writ action
and continue as such if there are substantial disputes of fact (see O 28 r 8).
Whilst these procedural avenues are available in principle, it is in the
nature of arbitral awards that findings of fact by the tribunal are generally
indisputable, such that the aforesaid procedures are not usually resorted to
in applications made under O 69A of the RC by originating summons for leave to
enforce an arbitral award. This principle that the court will not review a
tribunal’s findings of fact may not apply, and the findings of the tribunal
may be reopened, in the limited circumstances of fraud, breach of natural
justice or some other recognised vitiating factor (see, _eg_ , _AJU_ at [65]),
in which case the procedures in O 28 can be deployed, if required. It was
accepted by Lai Kew Chai J in _Sumitomo Bank Ltd v Thahir Kartika Ratna and
others and another matter_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 638 (“ _Sumitomo Bank_ ”) (at [88])
that the law of evidence does not require fraud to be proved by oral and
admissible evidence; in appropriate cases, fraud can be inferred from
circumstantial evidence.

53 Based on my experience of the originating summons procedure under O 69A,
and from reports of similar cases in the Singapore Law Reports, setting aside
and enforcement hearings were by and large decided without the need to resolve
conflicting evidence on affidavits by calling for oral evidence and cross-
examination of deponents of affidavits pursuant to O 28 rr 4(3) and 4(4) (see
also O 38 r 2(2)). And if the court does not (or is not asked to) hear the
originating summons on oral evidence with cross-examination of the deponent of
affidavits, this does not mean that the threshold test of a balance of
probabilities cannot apply, or that a different standard of proof is
applicable where a final order is sought.

54 In relation to actions begun by writ, the Rules of Court provide that any
fact required to be proved at trial is proved by examination of a witness in
court (see O 38 r 1). This remains the case even though nowadays a witness’s
oral evidence-in-chief often consists of little more than a confirmation of
the truth of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (see O 38 r 2). Hence, as a
general approach to a writ action, questions of fact to be decided are subject
to the threshold test of a balance of probabilities in the course of a full
trial.

55 In specific situations where the mode of commencement by originating
summons is obligatory (like in this case), and the statutory threshold of
proof is whether an event “more likely than not” happened, the applicant has
to meet this threshold test before the court embarks on the exercise of its
discretion to make a final order duly taking into account the statutory
purpose and affidavit evidence alone. From this perspective, the threshold
test is workable in practice where the court, guided by the rules of evidence,
makes a final order based on affidavit evidence applying the civil standard of
proof. This approach in practice is aptly illustrated by Lord Templeman in
_Tay Bok Choon v Tahansan Sdn Bhd_ [1987] 1 WLR 413 (at 418–419):

In civil proceedings the trial judge has no power to dictate to a litigant
what evidence he should tender. In winding up proceedings the trial judge
cannot refuse to read affidavits which have been properly sworn, filed and
produced to him unless some opposing party has applied for the attendance for
cross-examination of the deponent and that application has been granted and
the deponent does not attend. The court cannot give a direction about evidence
unless one of the litigants desires such direction to be made. _Of course a
judge may indicate to a petitioner that unless he calls oral evidence or
applies to cross-examine the deponents of the opposition so as to prove a
disputed fact, his petition is likely to fail. The judge may equally indicate
to a respondent that unless he calls oral evidence or applies to cross-examine
the petitioner’s deponents for the purposes of disproving an allegation made
by the petitioner, then the petitioner is likely to succeed._**_At the end of
the day the judge must decide the petition on the evidence before him. If
allegations are made in affidavits by the petitioner and those allegations are
credibly denied by the respondent’s affidavits, then in the absence of oral
evidence or cross-examination, the judge must ignore the disputed allegations.
The judge must then decide the fate of the petition by consideration of the
undisputed facts._** [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

56 The hearing of RA 33/2013 in OS 708/2012 was concluded based on affidavit
evidence alone, applying the threshold test of a balance of probabilities
without resorting to oral evidence and/or cross-examination of deponents of
affidavits. I should state that even though Goldenray had alleged fraud or
corruption, the latter was content for the hearing to proceed on the affidavit
evidence, and this was acceptable bearing in mind the rules of evidence, and
the rules of court.

Fraud and corruption in the context of s 31(4)(_b_)

Application of the threshold test of a balance of probabilities

57 With the principles set out above in mind, I now come to the approach and
application of the threshold test in s 31(4)(_b_) when an allegation of fraud
or corruption is made against a party to the arbitration and/or against an
arbitrator.

58 I begin with the burden of proof, which is on the party opposing the
enforcement of the award. That said, whenever the forum state’s public policy
is engaged, the court may take a point of public policy on its own motion
(_Gater Assets Ltd v Nak Naftogaz Ukrainiy_ [2008] Bus LR 388 at [15]).

59 Since the allegation in the present case was that fraud or corruption was
involved in the procurement of the Award, the burden of proof was on Goldenray
to show by cogent evidence that BSM through its representatives or
intermediaries had “an improper arrangement with the Tribunal to get the
Tribunal to issue an award that supports BSM’s claim” (see [22] above). This
is, as mentioned, the improper arrangement argument.

60 If authority is required for the proposition that cogent and compelling
evidence is needed to make good an allegation of fraud or dishonesty, see,
_eg_ , _Sumitomo Bank_ at [88]; _Chua Kwee Chen and others (as Westlake Eating
House) and another v Koh Choon Chin_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 469 at [22]–[23], [28]
and [39]; _EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte
Ltd and others_ [2013] 1 SLR 1254 at [72]; _Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito
and another and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 308 (“ _Alwie Handoyo_ ”) at
[161].

61 I now come to the application of the civil standard of proof. In this case,
the required standard of proof is on a balance of probabilities, that is, was
it more probable than not that what Goldenray said happened was true.

62 Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead in _In re H and others (Minors) (Sexual Abuse:
Standard of Proof)_ [1996] AC 563 (“ _In re H_ ”) (at 586) said that “a court
is satisfied an event occurred if the court considers that, on the evidence,
the occurrence of the event was more likely than not”. Based on Lord Nicholls’
approach, the inherent probability or improbability of an event is itself a
factor to be taken into account when weighing the probabilities and deciding
whether, on balance, the event occurred. The more improbable the event, the
stronger must be the evidence. All this is more a matter of common sense than
law, as was recognised in _In re B (Children) (Care Proceedings: Standard of
Proof) (CAFCASS intervening)_ [2009] AC 11 (at [15]).

63 Recently, our Court of Appeal in _Alwie Handoyo_ approved (at [160]) of
Lord Hoffmann’s formulation in _Rehman_ (at [55]) focussing on the inherent
likelihood of an event in a serious allegation:

The civil standard of proof always means more likely than not. The only higher
degree of probability required by law is the criminal standard. But, as Lord
Nicholls of Birkenhead explained in _In re H (Minors) (Sexual Abuse: Standard
of Proof)_ [1996] AC 563, 586, some things are inherently more likely than
others. It would need more cogent evidence to satisfy one that the creature
seen walking in Regent’s Park was more likely than not to have been a lioness
than to be satisfied to the same standard of probability that it was an
Alsatian. On this basis, cogent evidence is generally required to satisfy a
civil tribunal that a person has been fraudulent or behaved in some other
reprehensible manner. But the question is always whether the tribunal thinks
it more probable than not.

64 Richards LJ in _R (N) v Mental Health Review Tribunal (Northern Region) and
others_ [2006] QB 468 (at [59]) said that the civil standard of proof was
“flexible in its application”. He further explained as follows (at [62]):

Although there is a single civil standard of proof on the balance of
probabilities, it is flexible in its application. In particular, the more
serious the allegation or the more serious the consequences if the allegation
is proved, the stronger must be the evidence before a court will find the
allegation proved on the balance of probabilities. Thus the flexibility of the
standard lies not in any adjustment to the degree of probability required for
an allegation to be proved (such that a more serious allegation has to be
proved to a higher degree of probability), but in the strength or quality of
the evidence that will in practice be required for an allegation to be proved
on the balance of probabilities. [emphasis in original omitted]

65 This passage was approved of by Lord Carswell in _In re D (Secretary of
State for Northern Ireland intervening)_ [2008] 1 WLR 1499 (at [27]) as a
concise statement of the English law on this topic; and “the seriousness of
the consequences” mentioned by Richards LJ was to be regarded as a factor
relevant to the likelihood or unlikelihood of the allegation being unfounded.
Lord Carswell elaborated (at [28]):

It is recognised by these statements that a possible source of confusion is
the failure to bear in mind with sufficient clarity the fact that in some
contexts a court or tribunal has to look at the facts more critically or more
anxiously than in others before it can be satisfied to the requisite standard.
The standard itself, however, finite and unvarying. Situations which make such
heightened examination necessary may be the inherent unlikelihood of the
occurrence taking place (Lord Hoffmann’s example of the animal seen in
Regent’s Park), the seriousness of the allegation to be proved or, in some
cases, the consequences which could follow from acceptance of proof of the
relevant fact. The seriousness of the allegation requires no elaboration: a
tribunal of fact will look closely into the facts grounding an allegation of
fraud before accepting that it has been established. The seriousness of
consequence is another facet of the same proposition: if it is alleged that a
bank manager has committed minor peculation, that could entail very serious
consequences for his career, so making it the less likely that he would risk
doing such a thing. These are all matters of ordinary experience, requiring
the application of good sense on the part of those who have to decide such
issues. They do not require a different standard or a specially cogent
standard of evidence, merely appropriately careful consideration by the
tribunal before it is satisfied of the matter which has to be established.

66 As to the “seriousness of the consequences” factor referred to above by
Lord Carswell, a different view was taken by Lord Brown of Eaton-under-Heywood
in the same case (at [47]). His Lordship made clear that if the court is
satisfied on the evidence that the allegation of dishonesty is true, there is
no room for applying the “serious adverse consequences” factor to save the
person from the serious consequences of a finding against him – for example,
to save a bank manager from a finding of dishonesty.

67 As far as s 31(4)(_b_) is concerned, there are two levels of inquiry in
this case. At the first level, the court must determine whether the allegation
of BSM’s PRC lawyer(s) improperly influencing the Tribunal was more likely
than not to be true. It is the court’s finding on this first question that
enables it to then embark on the second-level inquiry: should it exercise its
discretion to make a final order refusing the applicant leave to enforce its
arbitral award?

68 I should add that fraud is one of the most serious types of wrongful
conduct and behaviour. It is the common experience of most people that fraud
should generally be regarded as less probable occurrences than, for example,
negligence. This means that it will take more to persuade the court, on a
balance of probabilities, that an allegation of fraud is true than if it were
one of negligence. The complainant must adduce evidence which is more
persuasive (cogent is the word often used), this aforesaid requirement being
commensurate with the gravity and seriousness of the allegation made against
the defendant, before the court will find the allegation of dishonesty to be
true.

69 In summary, to discharge the legal burden and succeed on the issue of fraud
or corruption, the rule of evidence requires, in the context of this case,
cogent evidence (_ie_ , clear and convincing) to be adduced by Goldenray.

Assessment of the affidavit evidence

Observations

70 The question here is whether Goldenray’s case – that BSM’s PRC lawyers
improperly influenced the Tribunal in BSM’s favour – is more probably true
than untrue. Although Mr Sim accepted that there was no direct evidence, he
maintained that the strength of the circumstantial evidence pointed to fraud
or corruption on the part of BSM’s representatives or intermediaries. Mr Sim
placed reliance on the E-mails to infer the existence of the alleged improper
arrangement. I was not persuaded by his submissions even on the assumption
that all the E-mails were authentic and admissible in law. First, Goldenray
must, as I have stated earlier, establish the allegation of fraud by clear and
convincing evidence. Second, even though the E-mails were not discovered until
after the Award was issued, the dishonesty was on the part of BSM’s PRC
lawyers who through Mr Mu supposedly influenced the Tribunal privately. As
explained earlier, the law views this sort of assertion at the start as an
improbable event that requires cogent evidence of dishonesty to convince the
court otherwise. In other words, the inherent improbabilities mean that, even
on the civil standard of proof, the evidence needed to prove dishonesty must
be clear and convincing to persuade the court that the allegation of BSM’s PRC
lawyers and Mr Mu as well as the Tribunal being dishonest and corrupt was
probably true. Third, the requisite evidence must bear out the existence of
the improper arrangement, and that the improper arrangement prevented or
deprived Goldenray of a fair hearing in presenting its case or defence.
Specifically, the improper arrangement argument in itself required Goldenray
to show a necessary causative link between the E-mails (assuming them to be
authentic), the corruption of the Tribunal, the bad faith that permeated the
arbitration hearing, and the conclusions made in the Award. Those elements, in
my view, were not present since the alleged improper arrangement was purely an
argument; it was an assertion unsubstantiated by the E-mails or other evidence
that was available. It was also hard to see how the fraud related materially
to an issue in the Arbitration when the Tribunal made no determination on the
merits but essentially turned the terms of the settlement into an award
pursuant to Art 40(6) of the CIETAC Arbitration Rules.

71 In my view, it was quite wrong for Goldenray to make what is a serious
allegation against BSM and its legal advisors in Beijing without cogent
evidence to back up its assertions. In these circumstances, the opposition to
enforcement did not get off the ground or satisfy the threshold test, seeing
that “the court will have in mind the factor, to whatever extent is
appropriate in the particular case, that the more serious the allegation, the
less likely it is that the event occurred, and hence, the stronger should be
the evidence before the court concludes that the allegation is established on
the balance of probability” (_In re H_ at 586).

Significant features of this case

72 In my judgment, the allegation of dishonesty on the part of BSM’s legal
advisor, Mr Zhao Pan, his colleague, Mr Mu, and the Tribunal was made the more
improbable by the following facts in this case.

73 First, the improper arrangement argument accuses two PRC lawyers in Beijing
Kangda Law Firm of giving and taking bribes to influence the tribunal to rule
in favour of BSM. Apart from the unlikelihood of two lawyers descending to
fraud for what was a straightforward dispute over an unpaid loan that the
other side had never disputed their obligation to repay, the other factor
pointing to the improbability of dishonesty was the existence of two
agreements referred to by Mr Sim, namely, the “Legal Service Contract” and the
“Legal Advisor Agreement”. I will deal with the two agreements in due course.
Suffice to say for now that Mr Sim argued that those two agreements were not
innocent documents. Instead, he urged the court to infer from those two
agreements the existence of the improper arrangement between BSM, Mr Zhao Pan
and Mr Mu. Mr Sim used the expression “improper arrangement” and based on that
“improper arrangement’ he argued that the Award was tainted by fraud and
corruption. It seems to me unlikely that the two lawyers, if they intended to
commit fraud, would foolishly document in black and white their involvement in
improperly influencing the Tribunal so as to leave behind a paper trail of
their dishonesty or some other reprehensible conduct, and more so, in
Goldenray’s computers. The case of _Do-Buy 925 Ltd v National Westminster Bank
Plc_ [2010] EWHC 2862 (QB) illustrates and applies the reasoning set out in
this paragraph in the context of establishing the threshold test. In that
case, Do-Buy claimed that it had sold jewellery to a Mr Shaw who paid with a
debit card. The bank which issued the debit card refused to pay the money to
Do-Buy, alleging that no sale ever took place and there had been attempted
fraud. The sole director of Do-Buy had been convicted of cheating the revenue
some years ago. Andrew Popplewell QC (as he then was), sitting as a deputy
High Court judge, thought that this fact diminished the inherent unlikelihood
of the existence of a dishonest scheme, given the director’s antecedents. The
court ultimately found for the bank, holding that there had been no genuine
sale.

74 Mr Sim submitted (see [22] above) that the Tribunal, meaning all three
members thereof, were improperly influenced by Mr Mu to favour BSM. That, he
argued, was the inference to be drawn from the documents. His submissions
tarnished the entire Tribunal and ignored several salient facts. The Tribunal
comprised three individuals, all of whom were nominated and appointed by
different parties. Mr Xia Jun was appointed by BSM, and Goldenray and Mr Zhang
Shikeng appointed Mdm Hu Wanru. The president of the Tribunal was appointed by
the Chairman of CIETAC. For favouritism to be shown to BSM, all three members
would have had to be influenced by Mr Mu bearing in mind that it would be a
meaningless risk to take if just one member was influenced, who would be in
the minority.

75 The Award was based on the in-principle settlement agreement reached on 18
January 2012 during the Arbitration. This settlement agreement was formalised
by the PRC lawyers for both sides on 18 January 2012, but it was two days
later that the agreement was signed to signify settlement of the terms on 20
January 2012. At all material times, both sides had the benefit of legal
advice.

76 Mr Zhang Shikeng claimed that he had felt pressured by the Tribunal to
settle, and that had he known that the Tribunal was bribed he would not have
settled. The so-called pressure to settle would have had little or no impact
on Mr Zhang Shikeng since he was not present at the arbitration hearing on 18
January 2012 to experience first-hand the alleged pressure and coercive
bearing of the Tribunal. Notably, he appeared to be unaffected by any alleged
pressure to settle on 18 January 2012, seeing that he did not immediately
accept the draft settlement agreement prepared on that date, and BSM learned
that he wanted some time to think about the terms. Two days later, the
settlement agreement was signed by Ms Zhang Ying on behalf of both Goldenray
and Mr Zhang Shikeng on 20 January 2012.

77 The history of the settlement negotiations is a relevant consideration. In
fact the parties’ negotiations first started even before commencement of the
Arbitration. The second time was after the Notice of Arbitration was lodged in
August 2011, and those negotiations over several months produced the first
draft agreement, namely the October draft settlement agreement that covered
Goldenray’s repayment of the loan of RMB35.2m, and its buyout of BSM’s entire
shareholding in Beijing Goldenray for RMB45m. The negotiations resumed on 18
January 2012. The PRC lawyers reached an in-principle agreement and prepared a
draft agreement that was eventually signed by all three parties. The
settlement agreement of 20 January 2012 was substantially the same as the
October draft in that the loan amount due for repayment was RMB35.2m and the
sale of BSM’s shareholding in Beijing Goldenray was still fixed at RMB45m. The
difference was the express provision for the terms of settlement to be
recorded in an award. In other words, the parties agreed that the Tribunal
should render an award based on the settlement agreement. Thus, by
establishing the settlement agreement as the foundation of the Award, in
reality, the Tribunal was not required to determine the merits of BSM’s claims
as well as Goldenray’s counterclaim. From this perspective, the alleged
dishonest act really did not relate to any issue in the Arbitration.

78 All of the above factors add to the improbability that lawyers from Beijing
Kangda Law Firm would have improperly influenced an arbitral tribunal, and
militated against the notion that BSM would wish to cheat its joint venture
partner, Goldenray. As I have already indicated, BSM and Goldenray had already
agreed in principle earlier that BSM would exit the joint venture and
Goldenray was to go its own way in relation to the Project in Beijing.

79 It seems to me that not only was the event, namely the alleged fraud, an
improbable one, but there were factors over which there was no dispute that
made it even more improbable in the context of this case. Read in the context
of the improbabilities set out above, the E-mails do not assist Goldenray to
infer fraud. Mr Sim’s difficulty is in pointing to some cogent evidence that
would overcome the improbabilities set out in [73]–[77] above and shift the
likelihood of dishonesty more convincingly towards BSM.

The E-mails and the attached documents

80 As mentioned, Goldenray’s argument was that BSM and/or its lawyer, Mr Zhao
Pan, had agreed to pay his colleague, Mr Mu, a sum of money. In return, Mr Mu
was supposed to get the Tribunal to render an award that was favourable to
BSM’s claims as early as possible. Mr Mu was selected as he was affiliated
with CIETAC (having been appointed to its panel of arbitrators) and was
familiar with the members of the Tribunal. To Goldenray, traces of the plot
were discernible in the E-mails.[note: 19]

81 The E-mails essentially comprised two sets of (related) correspondence. The
first group of e-mails was between Mr Zhao Pan and Mr Mu. The second group of
e-mails passed between Mr Zhao Pan and Mr Zhao Xiaolong, a partner in Beijing
Kangda Law Firm. I propose to go through the relevant e-mails in chronological
order.

82 On 2 September 2011, Mr Zhao Pan sent Mr Mu some documents for the latter’s
review, including a document titled “Legal Service Contract”, the germane
portions of which read as follows:

**Party A: Beijing Sinozonto Mining Investment Co., Ltd.**

**Party B: Mu Zili, Zhao Pan**

In respect of the arbitral case filed by Party A against Goldenray Consortium
(Singapore) Pte. Ltd. and Zhang Shikeng (the “Two Respondents”), Party A
agrees to entrust Party B to handle said case and after amicable negotiations,
both parties hereto enter into the following agreement on the terms and
conditions for mutual observance and performance.

…

**2\. Objectives of Party B’s Legal Service**

_Party B accepts Party A’s entrustment to have lawyer Zhan [sic] Pan act as
barrister and Mu Zili act as advisor to strive to fulfil the following
objectives:_

1\. _The arbitral tribunal renders an award within the legal time limit (6
months after the formation of the arbitral tribunal) or earlier_ ;

2\. _The arbitral tribunal supports Party A’s arbitral claims_.

**3\. Legal Service Charges**

Party B shall charge legal service on contingency fee basis through its law
firm:

1\. Party A shall make down payment amounting to RMB 300,000 yuan to Beijing
Kangda Law Firm within five (5) days after the conclusion of this Agreement …

2\. The second lawyer’s fee payment shall be as follows:

1) The second lawyer’s fee payment shall be RMB 700,000 yuan if an award
supporting Party A’s arbitral claim for repayment of RMB 35.2 million yuan is
rendered within 4 months (early award) of the formation of the arbitral
tribunal; the same shall apply if a conciliation or mediation is achieved
between party A and the Respondents;

2) The second lawyer’s fee payment shall be RMB 500,000 yuan if an award
supporting Party A’s arbitral claim for repayment of RMB 35.2 million yuan is
rendered within 6 months (on-time award) of the formation of the arbitral
tribunal;

3) The second lawyer’s fee payment shall be RMB 100,000 to RMB 200,000 yuan if
an award supporting Party A’s arbitral claim for repayment of RMB 35.2 million
yuan is rendered more than 6 months after (late award) the formation of the
arbitral tribunal;

4) Party B shall impose no further charges if Party A’s arbitral claim is
dismissed by the arbitral award rendered.

5) Party B shall strive to have the arbitration commission support all of
Party A’s arbitral claims including claims for _interest, arbitration fee,
lawyer’s fee losses_ , etc.

…

…

[emphasis added in italics; emphasis in bold and underline in original]

There was also a Cooperation Agreement stating that, of the RMB300,000 down
payment paid to Beijing Kangda Law Firm under cl 3(1) of the “Legal Service
Contract”, Mr Zhao Pan would collect RMB240,000 and pay half of this amount
(_viz_ , RMB120,000) to Mr Mu.

83 Mr Mu replied on the same day with some suggested amendments to the
documents. One of these documents was titled “Legal Advisor Agreement” and its
relevant parts read as follows:

Party A: Beijing Sinozonto Mining Investment Co., Ltd. …

Party B: Beijing Shixianzhe Law Firm …

… Party A hereby engages Mr. Mu Zili as its advisor in respect of Party A’s
_loan contract_ dispute arbitration case.

**Article 1** **Entrusted Matter**

Party B accepts Party A’s entrustment and shall designate Mr. Mu Zili as Party
A’s legal advisor in the following arbitration case:

Claimant: Beijing Sinozonto Mining Investment Co., Ltd. (Principal)

Respondent: Goldenray Consortium (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., Zhang Shikeng

Arbitral Body: China International Economic Trade and [_sic_] Arbitration
Commission (CIETAC)

…

**Article 3** **Party B’s Obligations**

…

2\. _Contact and communicate with relevant parties to make best efforts to
achieve the best outcome as agreed between parties thereto_ ;

…

**Article 4** **Advisor Fee**

Parties hereto agree after consultation that Party A shall pay advisor fee to
Mu Zili as follows:

1\. The advisor fee shall be RMB 700,000 yuan if an award supporting Party A’s
arbitral claim for repayment of RMB 35.2 million yuan is rendered within 4
months (early award) of the formation of the arbitral tribunal; the same shall
apply if the case is settled by conciliation or mediation between party A and
the Respondents during this period;

2\. The advisor fee shall be RMB 500,000 yuan if an award supporting Party A’s
arbitral claim for repayment of RMB 35.2 million yuan is rendered within 6
months (on-time award) of the formation of the arbitral tribunal;

3\. The advisor fee shall be RMB 100,000 to RMB 200,000 yuan if an award
supporting Party A’s arbitral claim for repayment of RMB 35.2 million yuan is
rendered more than 6 months after (late award) the formation of the arbitral
tribunal;

4\. Party B shall impose no further charges if Party A’s arbitral claim is
dismissed by the arbitral award rendered.

5\. _Party B shall strive to have the arbitration commission support all of
Party A’s arbitral claims including claims for interest, arbitration fee,
lawyer’s fee losses, etc._ If this objective is achieved, Party A shall pay
Party B reward of RMB 100,000 to RMB 200,000 yuan depending on the
circumstances.

[emphasis added in italics; emphasis in bold and underline in original]

I note that Party B of the “Legal Advisor Agreement” was stated to be “Beijing
Shixianzhe Law Firm”. According to Goldenray, Mr Mu worked for this law firm
too.

84 Looking at the “Legal Service Contract” first, it stated that Mr Zhao Pan
and Mr Mu were to strive to get an award from the Tribunal soonest possible,
and preferably in BSM’s favour too. It seems perfectly logical and
commercially acceptable for BSM to be result-oriented, to express and set out
BSM’s expectations and stated objectives to Mr Mu as its appointed legal
advisor.

85 As for the “Legal Advisor Agreement”, that document stated that Mr Mu was
to _contact and communicate with the relevant parties_. Mr Sim submitted that
the phrase “relevant parties” referred to none other than the members of the
arbitral tribunal, and urged me to infer from this that Mr Mu was asked to
contact and communicate with the members of the Tribunal in order to achieve
an outcome favourable to BSM. There was nothing before me at all to warrant
this inference.

86 I move on to some of the E-mails that came later. In November and December
2011, e-mails passed between Mr Zhao Pan and Mr Zhao Xiaolong in which the
former requested for his share of certain fees to be advanced to him. Mr Zhao
Pan needed money urgently in order to pay Mr Mu, as revealed in some of the
contemporaneous e-mails. Two e-mails in particular stand out. On 25 November
2011, Mr Zhao Pan wrote to Mr Mu as follows:

After Lawyer Zhao [Xiaolong] pays me our [_sic_] fee share next week, I will
forward it immediately to you.

_Regarding the case, the only requirement of the client now is speed. I hope
that you can coordinate with the three arbitrators to fix an early hearing
date._

[emphasis added]

Mr Mu replied to Mr Zhao Pan two days later as follows:

Please absolutely do not haggle with Xiaolong over the fee issue. If it
affects your relationship with him, that would not be good. _You don’t have to
worry about my end, it’s alright if you pay me a little later or even not at
all. As for an early hearing date, rest assured that I will do my best to
communicate with the arbitral tribunal._ [emphasis added]

87 Goldenray submitted that those e-mails showed BSM’s fraudulent intention in
securing an award as quickly as possible, while BSM said that they were merely
discussions about trying to get the Arbitration to proceed expeditiously. I am
unable to say that they evidenced a corrupt or fraudulent intent to influence
the Tribunal or the Arbitration. In his e-mail reply Mr Mu wrote only that he
would do his best to communicate with the Tribunal regarding the matter of an
earlier hearing date. It is entirely within contemplation that Mr Mu was
desirous of making representations to CIETAC through _official_ channels, and
not through private communications. As for the sequence of events, Mr Mu
replied to Mr Zhao Pan on 27 November 2011, one day before CIETAC informed the
parties of the January 2012 hearing date (see [8] above). The timelines may
seem quite close but Goldenray has not shown through more evidence that this
was anything other than a coincidence. Finally, Mr Mu was not quite as
nefarious as Goldenray at times made him out to be. In his e-mail reply, Mr Mu
stated that it was “alright if you pay me a little later _or even not at all_
” [emphasis added]. From this sentence it appeared that Mr Mu was willing to
forego the down payment of RMB120,000 payable to him, and this did not sit
well with the alleged dishonesty of Mr Mu. Considering the totality of the
circumstances here, I find that Goldenray’s allegations of fraud or corruption
on the basis of those two e-mails were not made out.

88 After reading all the E-mails carefully and objectively, and bearing in
mind the improbabilities set out in [73]–[77] above as well as asking myself
whether they could be said to have evidenced a plot on the part of BSM and/or
its PRC lawyers to influence the Tribunal or the Arbitration through Mr Mu, I
was unable to agree with Mr Sim’s reading of the E-mails.

The sequence of events

89 Goldenray’s case that BSM had hatched a fraudulent or corrupt plan to
influence the Tribunal was undermined by the sequence of events which actually
took place.

90 According to Goldenray, BSM’s lawyer, Mr Zhao Pan, contacted Mr Mu with a
view to concluding a “Legal Service Contract” on 2 September 2011 (see [82]
above). Goldenray submitted that this “Legal Service Contract” was part and
parcel of BSM’s stratagem to influence the arbitral tribunal that was hearing
the dispute between the parties, and that Mr Mu _in particular_ had been
engaged because he was familiar with all three members of the Tribunal.
However, it was only about _one month later_ on 8 October 2011 that CIETAC
informed the parties of the composition of the arbitral tribunal. Goldenray
did not explain why BSM would have picked Mr Mu in particular to “influence”
the arbitral tribunal when its exact membership had not been made known yet at
the time. Granted, BSM could under the CIETAC Arbitration Rules have picked
_one_ of the three arbitrators, but there was no evidence at all to show that
BSM had somehow been privy to Goldenray’s choice of arbitrator _before_
CIETAC’s notice of 8 October 2011, not to mention the identity of the
presiding arbitrator who was nominated by the Chairman of CIETAC.

91 Indeed, since BSM allegedly recruited Mr Mu even before the composition of
the Tribunal was made known to the parties, Goldenray’s case that Mr Mu
exerted improper influence would appear to entail an allegation that either:

(a) Mr Mu was able to influence the Chairman of CIETAC to nominate a presiding
arbitrator favourable to BSM; and/or

(b) Mr Mu was able to somehow influence Goldenray’s choice of arbitrator;
and/or

(c) Mr Mu knew all the people on CIETAC’s panel of arbitrators who could
potentially be appointed as an arbitrator in the case between BSM and
Goldenray; and/or

(d) Mr Mu would be able to influence the members of the arbitral tribunal no
matter who was appointed to constitute the tribunal.

92 All these allegations are so inherently improbable and unlikely that
Goldenray would have had to provide cogent evidence in support of the same. No
such evidence was shown. In my view, the more reasonable inference from the
conclusion of the “Legal Service Contract” (assuming it was authentic) was
that BSM engaged Mr Mu for his qualifications, experience and other reasons
and purposes less conspiratorial than those suggested by Goldenray.

Circumstantial evidence that the Tribunal exerted pressure on the parties to
settle

93 I turn finally to Goldenray’s complaint that it had been pressured by the
Tribunal at the arbitration hearing to settle the proceedings. This was, of
course, circumstantial evidence. According to Goldenray, the Tribunal had said
that a failure to settle would cause “a severely adverse award” to be issued
against Goldenray. The reason for the Tribunal’s stance, it was argued, must
have been that Mr Mu somehow got to the members of the Tribunal and was
exerting influence on them. BSM countered by saying that there was no evidence
of this at all, and, importantly, it was undisputed that both parties had been
represented by their PRC lawyers at the Arbitration and had authorised them to
sign the January 2012 Settlement Agreement.

94 Goldenray’s argument was tenuous: it could only succeed if the court was
persuaded to infer that Mr Mu’s alleged machinations behind the scenes was the
_sole_ reason for the Tribunal having inquired on the possibility of a
settlement. There is nothing in the material before this court to call for
such an inference to be made.

95 Furthermore, Goldenray’s averments that it was pressured by the Tribunal to
settle were hearsay and self-serving statements. I agree with Mr Tan for BSM,
that Goldenray was not _pressured_ into settling its dispute with BSM:

(a) Both Goldenray and BSM were represented by their respective PRC lawyers at
the Arbitration and also in the negotiations leading up to the execution of
the January 2012 Settlement Agreement.

(b) While the parties began negotiating a potential settlement on the first
day of the arbitration (18 January 2012), the January 2012 Settlement
Agreement was only signed _two days later_ , on 20 January 2012. Goldenray
could hardly argue and it was not its case that it had had no time to consider
the legal effect and implications of the agreement it signed.

(c) Neither Goldenray nor its PRC lawyers expressed any misgivings or concerns
_at the time of the arbitration or at the signing of the Settlement Agreement_
as to the alleged exertion of pressure by the Tribunal.

It therefore seemed to me that this was not a situation where the Tribunal had
press-ganged the parties into settling their dispute, contrary to what
Goldenray was trying to say.

96 Third, the fact of the matter was that the parties had actually arrived at
an in-principle agreement some months _prior_ to the Arbitration. It will be
recalled that Goldenray sent the October draft settlement agreement to BSM on
9 October 2011, and that BSM was agreeable in principle to this agreement (see
[9]–[12] above). As mentioned earlier, the substantive terms of the October
draft settlement agreement were to all intents and purposes the _same_ as
those of the January 2012 Settlement Agreement that was eventually signed:

(a) that Goldenray would repay BSM the RMB35.2m loan; and

(b) that Goldenray would, in addition, purchase BSM’s entire stake in Beijing
Goldenray for RMB45m.

In fact, the suggestion that Goldenray would buy out BSM’s shareholding in
Beijing Goldenray _came from Goldenray itself_ as early as August 2011 (see
[10] above). The bold assertion that Goldenray had been pressured by the
Tribunal into signing the January 2012 Settlement Agreement did not appear
plausible when: (a) the commercial terms of that agreement had already been
discussed and approved of in principle _prior_ to the Arbitration; and (b)
some of those terms were Goldenray’s suggestions.

97 Finally, I note that certain claims the Tribunal was asked to decide on
were not mentioned in the January 2012 Settlement Agreement at all – namely,
BSM’s claim for interest, and Goldenray’s counterclaim for RMB1,380,822. The
Award, however, which was meant to record the January 2012 Settlement
Agreement, actually _dismissed_ these residual claims. The Tribunal may have
done so because of the lack of mention of these matters in the January 2012
Settlement Agreement. Be that as it may, the dismissal of both Goldenray _and_
BSM’s residual claims indicated that the Tribunal did not fixate on ruling
absolutely in BSM’s favour. This suggested again that the Tribunal was not
being improperly influenced.

Conclusion

98 For the reasons stated, I dismissed the appeal with costs fixed at $10,000.

* * *

[note: 1]Haifu Han’s 2nd Affidavit filed on 26/11/12 at para 13.

[note: 2]Haifu Han’s 2nd Affidavit filed on 26/11/12 at p 102.

[note: 3]Haifu Han’s 1st Affidavit filed on 24/7/12 at p 37.

[note: 4]Haifu Han’s 1st Affidavit filed on 24/7/12 at p 69.

[note: 5]Haifu Han’s 1st Affidavit filed on 24/7/12 at p 68.

[note: 6]Haifu Han’s 1st Affidavit filed on 24/7/12 at pp 69 to 70.

[note: 7]Zhao Pan’s 2nd Affidavit filed on 26/11/12 at paras 22 to 25.

[note: 8]Zhao Pan’s 2nd Affidavit filed on 26/11/12 at paras 26 to 27.

[note: 9]Skeletal Summary of Goldenray’s arguments on 14/3/2013 dated 22/7/13
at para 2.

[note: 10]Skeletal Summary of Goldenray’s arguments on 14/3/2013 dated 22/7/13
at paras 5 & 10.

[note: 11]Zhang Shikeng’s 1st Affidavit filed on 9/10/12 at para 42.

[note: 12]Haifu Han’s 2nd Affidavit filed on 26/11/12 at para 42.

[note: 13]Haifu Han’s 2nd Affidavit filed on 26/11/12 at pp 115-116.

[note: 14]Zhao Pan’s 2nd Affidavit filed on 26/11/12 at para 12.

[note: 15]Zhao Pan’s 2nd Affidavit filed on 26/11/12 at paras 8 to 11.

[note: 16]Haifu Han’s 2nd Affidavit filed on 26/11/12 at para 37.

[note: 17]Zhang Shikeng’s 3rd Affidavit filed on 11/12/12 at para 12.

[note: 18]BSM’s submissions at paras 18 to 19.

[note: 19]Zhang Shikeng’s 1st Affidavit dated 9/10/12 at para 35.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

