Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sim Kim Heng Andrew _v_ Wee Siew Gee  
[2013] SGHC 271

Case Number| :| Divorce No 2639 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal from Subordinate
Courts No 83 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 December 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Siew Kim (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for the
appellant/plaintiff; Thian Wen Yi (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
respondent/defendant.  
Parties| :|  Sim Kim Heng Andrew — Wee Siew Gee  
  
18 December 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei JC:

1 This is an appeal from the decision of learned District Judge Sowaran Singh
in _Sim Kim Heng Andrew v Wee Siew Gee_ [2013] SGDC 200 delivered on 10 July
2013 (“the GD”) in respect of ancillary matters in Divorce No 2639 of 2012.

2 The plaintiff (husband) is the appellant and the defendant (wife) is the
respondent. The parties were married in February 1974. They have one daughter
now aged 37. The appellant left the matrimonial home sometime in February
1993. On 31 May 2012, the husband filed for divorce based on their having
lived apart for more than four years. Interim judgment of divorce was granted
on 24 July 2012.

3 On 25 June 2013, ancillary proceedings were heard by the learned District
Judge concerning the division of matrimonial assets and maintenance of the
wife. At the conclusion of that hearing, the learned District Judge ordered
that the fully paid-up matrimonial home, an HDB flat, was to be transferred to
the respondent with no cash consideration or refund of the appellant’s Central
Provident Fund (“CPF”) monies used (this being inclusive of the accrued
interest). The transfer was to be effected within 3 months, with costs of the
transfer to be borne by the respondent. All other assets that were in their
own names were to be retained by the parties. There was no order for
maintenance to be paid by the appellant to the respondent.

4 The appellant being dissatisfied with the decision in respect of the
matrimonial home has appealed. He seeks an order that the matrimonial home be
sold in the open market within 6 months of the final judgment of divorce and
that the net sales proceeds (after paying the sales expenses and after refund
of both parties CPF monies used for the purchase plus accrued interest) be
divided equally.

5 After considering the parties’ arguments, I am of the view that the order of
the learned District Judge is just and equitable and the appeal is accordingly
dismissed.

Background facts

6 The basic facts are set out in some detail in the GD. Whilst the marriage
was of long duration (almost 39 years in total), it is not in dispute that the
parties lived apart for a considerable period of some 19 years before divorce
proceedings were actually commenced. While there was some dispute over the
precise circumstances in which the appellant decided to leave the matrimonial
home in 1993, there was no doubt that the decision lay at the door of the
appellant alone. At the time the appellant left the matrimonial home, the
daughter was already some 18 years old. The court notes that whilst there is
some uncertainty as to whether the daughter had already started employment and
whether the appellant assisted the daughter in finding a job in 1993, the
daughter was already “grown up” and would soon have entered the job market (if
she had not already in fact done so).

7 The respondent retired from her job as a telephonist with Singtel in 2001.
The matrimonial home has been tenanted out since March 2010 and the respondent
who is now 62 years of age is currently living with her daughter’s family.
There is no dispute that the rental income over the past 3 years has been
retained by the respondent.

8 The appellant who is aged 63 is still working as a taxi driver, and suffers
from a number of health conditions (high blood pressure and diabetes). As a
result, the appellant asserts that he is unable to work full-time. Since
leaving the matrimonial home in 1993, it appears that the appellant has been
staying at the home of a friend, [XY]. The appellant asserts that [XY] is a
friend and that he pays a monthly rent for his room. There is evidence that
[XY] has worked as a “relief taxi driver” on occasions for the appellant. The
evidence as to the relationship between [XY] and the appellant is “thin” and
it is unclear as to how often [XY] has worked as a relief driver for the
appellant.

The issues before this court

9 The main issue before this court is whether the matrimonial asset should be
divided in the manner as suggested by the appellant (see above at [4]).
Applying the broad brush approach, it is necessary to consider the other forms
of contributions of the parties throughout the whole marriage in deciding how
best to deal with the matrimonial asset. As to be expected in cases where the
marriage is long and where the parties have separated for a considerable time,
there are many areas of dispute over the facts relevant to the court’s
assessment of the relationship between the husband and wife, especially as
regards the matrimonial assets, household maintenance and expenses. The
learned District Judge has set out in some detail the main facts and areas of
dispute as gleaned from the affidavits that were filed in the proceedings and
argued upon in the submissions. This includes a helpful survey comparing the
different positions taken by the parties on the key points in dispute.

10 Given the need to consider the contributions of parties throughout the
marriage, my decision is broadly structured in the following manner. What
follows first is this court’s assessment of the facts relevant to division of
the matrimonial home and maintenance based on the learned District Judge’s
written grounds and the affidavits and submissions. This will be followed by a
discussion of the legal principles and finally, the application of these legal
principles to the facts.

Facts relevant to the division of the matrimonial home and maintenance

The matrimonial relationship

Between 1974 and 1993

11 According to the appellant’s Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 3
September 2012 (“the appellant’s AAM”),[note: 1] after the marriage in
December 1974, the couple first stayed with the wife’s father for a few years.
Thereafter, the couple moved to rented accommodation in Toa Payoh before
moving in with the appellant’s father for a few months. The parties then
stayed in other rental accommodation until the purchase of the matrimonial
flat in 1983. The appellant stayed in the matrimonial home until he decided to
leave in 1993.

12 The daughter of the union, Eleanor, was born in 1975. The affidavits of the
appellant and respondent set out in some detail the history of the matrimonial
relationship. In coming to the decision on division of assets and maintenance,
it is worth bearing in mind that it is usually not helpful to embark on a
detailed examination of the events leading up to the breakdown of the
matrimonial relationship and that in any case, where the marriage is long with
events occurring long ago, there is bound to be some uncertainty and conflict
over the details. That said, an overview of the relationship (subject to the
caveat mentioned above) may be of some help in providing the context for the
court’s decision on ancillary matters and property division and maintenance.

13 According to the appellant’s AAM (at para 23), marital difficulties began
early with quarrels over “financial matters, household matters and issues
relating to Eleanor, our respective parents and siblings.” The appellant’s AAM
goes on to assert that even though he provided the respondent with a “sizable
portion” of his salary for the family and household expenses, the respondent
was not satisfied and complained frequently. The appellant describes an
incident which he says occurred on 15 February 1994 when the respondent
(allegedly) made a false police report against him for physical abuse
occurring during an argument. The court notes that there is some inconsistency
as to whether the incident took place in 1993 or 1994. That said, there is no
doubt that the incident did take place around that time and resulted in the
appellant leaving the matrimonial home. In all likelihood, the incident took
place in 1993 (not 1994) although nothing turns on this. After spending a
night in the police station, the appellant states (at para 27) that he “left
the matrimonial flat for good” and that he “never went back thereafter.” The
appellant also explains that he did not want to return to the matrimonial flat
because he “realised that [he] could no longer live with the [respondent]” and
that he was not charged because the police knew that “it was merely a family
dispute.” According to the appellant’s AAM, the appellant first stayed at his
mother’s home. It is not immediately clear as to when he moved in and/or
started to rent a room from [XY] although it has been for a very long time and
that is where he is presently staying.

14 According to the appellant’s AAM, during the first 20 years of marriage
(until his leaving of the matrimonial home in February 1993) the appellant
took care of the family and paid for all the major family and household
expenses. He asserts that he gave the respondent about S$300–400 a month (in
cash) and that overall he would spend about S$600 a month on the family. The
appellant mentions at para 17(a) of the appellant’s AAM that even after he was
made a bankrupt in 1984, he continued to provide for the family by doing odd
jobs. That said, it is to be noted that the bankruptcy lasted a long time
since he was only discharged from bankruptcy on 6 September 1999. During the
period of marital cohabitation, the appellant also claims that he took his
wife and daughter on holiday trips overseas once a year from 1979 to 1981 (to
Penang, Kuala Lumpur and Batam) together with her father and sister-in-law.
The appellant also asserts at paras 17(b)–(e) of the appellant’s AAM that he
gave the respondent S$1,000 every Chinese New Year as well as sums of monies
when he struck lottery. The response of the respondent to these assertions is
that whilst the appellant did occasionally contribute towards Chinese New Year
expenses, he never shared his lottery winnings and that the three trips
(holidays) were the only three during the 19 years that they lived as husband
and wife.

15 The respondent in her Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 18 September
2012[note: 2] (“the respondent’s RAAM”) explains at para 20(b) that during the
early years of the marriage, she worked full-time at Singtel earning about
S$1,300 per month. Throughout her time at Singtel, the respondent worked
shifts and looked after the daughter. The respondent at para 20(c) adds that
the appellant had a job at Royal Sporting House during the early years of
marriage and that he rarely contributed to household expenses. The respondent
confirms that arguments over financial contributions occurred – sometimes
escalating into violent arguments during which she would be abused. The
respondent asserts that the appellant was an absentee father who led his own
active social life and that he did not help out with looking after their baby
daughter.

16 Shortly after the purchase of the matrimonial home in 1983, the respondent
states that the appellant served a six-month term of imprisonment (for
misappropriation of company finances). A newspaper article entitled “Ex-
manager jailed” which appeared in the Straits Times newspaper on 27 March
1982[note: 3] and which the appellant appended to his third affidavit dated 3
April 2013[note: 4] revealed that he was convicted for criminal breach of
trust relating to monies misappropriated by him to pay off gambling debts.
During his imprisonment, the respondent stayed with the appellant’s father and
continued to look after the daughter (who was then nine). She asserts that
together with the appellant’s father, she helped to discharge some debts he
owed to a car rental company as well as some other debts that he was liable
for in respect of which loan sharks had made an appearance. The respondent
asserts that she took out a renovation loan from her employer (deductible from
her monthly salary) to pay for renovations and furnishings. Some invoices
bearing her name were annexed to the respondent’s RAAM relating to these
expenses. The respondent makes the point that after the appellant’s release
from prison, the appellant changed his jobs frequently and only made
intermittent financial contribution to the household expenses. The arguments
over financial support continued up to his leaving the matrimonial home.

17 In January 1991, the respondent’s father passed away. According to the
respondent’s second ancillary affidavit dated 2 November 2012 (at para
28),[note: 5] his 3-room flat was rented out at S$1,000 and the income shared
between the respondent and her two siblings. She also discloses that it was
with this money and her share of her father’s savings that she managed to
conduct a second renovation of the matrimonial home in 1994. The father’s flat
was sold in 2001/2002 and the sale proceeds shared amongst the siblings. Each
received the sum of S$52,000.

18 The appellant in his second ancillary affidavit dated 23 October 2012 (“the
appellant’s 2nd ancillary affidavit”), on the other hand, estimates that the
three beneficiaries would have received about S$110,000 to S$128,000 each.
This, however, is based on the estimated value of the 3-room flat in August
2012 and is of doubtful relevance.

19 The respondent explains that in 1993 she embarked on further renovations to
the matrimonial home (toilets, kitchen wall and flooring, painting, window
grills) which she paid for. The respondent was only able to locate one invoice
(for an air-conditioner) for this second round of renovation. Sometime in
March 1993, an altercation took place at the matrimonial home as a result of
which the police were called. The respondent confirms that no charges were
brought since she decided not to press charges. It was at this time that the
appellant left the matrimonial home, never to return.

20 In the appellant’s 2nd ancillary affidavit (in response to the respondent’s
RAAM), the appellant strenuously denies the allegations that he did not
contribute to the household expenses and that he was an absentee father. He
also denied any improper association with his “female friend” [XY] and states
that whilst he accepts that he did owe money to the car rental company, the
debt was repaid solely by his father. Insofar as the first round of home
renovations was concerned, he denies that the respondent paid for all the
renovations. Rather than coming to some S$23,000, he asserts that the total
spent was about S$10,000 to which he paid about S$5,000. Turning to the second
renovation, the appellant’s response is that only one invoice has been
provided and that this was for an air-conditioner rather than for renovation.
He also asserts that the cost of the second renovation was in the region of
S$7,000, towards which he contributed S$5,000. No documentary evidence was
provided by the appellant for his alleged contributions towards these
renovation costs.

From 1993 to 2012

21 In the respondent’s RAAM (at para 20(q)),[note: 6] the respondent explains
that in 2004 (about ten years after the appellant left the matrimonial home),
the third renovation of the matrimonial home took place. At that time, the
daughter was still living at the matrimonial home and she helped to contribute
towards the total cost of renovation. Invoices attached to this affidavit
total S$53,315.45. The respondent asserts that to the best of her
recollection, the total amount spent by her on the three renovations, all in,
was some S$89,000: S$23,000 for the first renovation; S$16,000 for the second
renovation; and S$50,000 for the third renovation.

22 However, the appellant strongly disputes the amounts spent by the
respondent on renovations in the appellant’s 2nd ancillary affidavit. The
appellant asserts that in any case, for the third renovation, substantial
amounts were contributed by the daughter and that based on the invoices
provided and which were in her sole or joint name, she likely paid only some
S$17,331.76.

23 Since leaving the matrimonial home in 1993, the respondent asserts that she
single-handedly brought up the daughter. The respondent retired in 2001 and is
currently staying at the daughter’s home. The matrimonial home has been rented
out in the past three years (since March 2010) for a monthly rent of S$2,500.
This is not in dispute. Nor is there any dispute that the rental income has
been retained by the respondent. Indeed the respondent asserts that the rental
income is her only source of income. This the appellant has denied. In the
appellant’s 2nd ancillary affidavit at para 5, it is claimed that the
respondent receives a monthly salary from helping out at a cooking school set
up and owned by the daughter. The daughter is said to be working as a senior
marketing manager with a bank and the daughter and her husband are also
providing her with a monthly allowance. In response, the respondent has denied
being a shareholder or a salaried employee of the daughter’s cooking school
and she points out that the school only ran for 2 months between June and July
2009.

24 According to the appellant’s AAM, the appellant is now unable to work full-
time as a taxi driver because of his problem with fatigue arising from high
blood pressure and diabetes. It is noted that a short medical memorandum from
the Bedok Polyclinic dated 30 November 2012[note: 7] confirms his medical
problems but it also states that his conditions are mostly well controlled. He
states that he can only drive a taxi for about four to five hours a day and
that his average monthly income is about S$1000–S$1,200. In addition, he
receives S$297 per month from his CPF retirement account. The respondent in
her 2nd ancillary affidavit dated 2 November 2012 disputes his monthly income
and states that the appellant and “his mistress [XY] are the co-lessees of the
same cab and there is a possibility that he has not disclosed his full
earnings.” She also notes that there is no documentary evidence that he has
paid any rent to [XY]. In reply, the appellant in his 3rd ancillary affidavit
dated 3April 2013 asserts that he is the sole lessee of his taxi and that [XY]
is his friend, landlord and the “registered relief driver” for his taxi, but
that she has at most driven the taxi “once or twice for the past three years.”
The appellant also points to his inability to work full-time since 2004 or
2005 and his low CPF contributions in 2006. He asserts that he pays a token
rent of S$400 per month to [XY] (out of goodwill) and a further S$100 for
utilities expenses.

25 The point can be made that in a long marriage a detailed examination of the
_minutiae_ of a matrimonial relationship even when limited to each spouse’s
contribution towards the matrimonial assets, household maintenance and
expenses is seldom straightforward or helpful. Many times a broad brush
approach is to be preferred. Independent evidence of indirect contributions
(financial or non-financial) will often be thin and contradictory positions
may often be taken due to failing memory, the passage of time and indeed
because of the intense emotional anguish that may colour episodes (or memories
of episodes) of the relationship. That said, in the present case it is to be
noted that the daughter of the union, Eleanor Sim, swore two affidavits in
support of the respondent in connection with the ancillary proceedings.
Without dwelling on the details, her affidavits are strongly supportive of the
respondent’s position in terms of parenting, contributions to household
expenses and maintenance of the matrimonial home. It also supports the
respondent’s assertion that she was not an employee or shareholder of the
daughter’s cooking school: which school in any case closed down after only 2
months in July 2009. The daughter also explained that after her marriage in
2008, she asked the respondent to stay with her as she was elderly and did not
want her to be alone. The matrimonial home was left vacant for two years until
2010 when it was rented out so as to help the respondent with her expenses. On
this, the appellant has complained that since he is a joint owner, HDB rules
require the consent of both parties to rent out the flat and that the
respondent has ignored this rule by making the on-line application without
first informing him.

26 The daughter in her first affidavit dated 2 November 2012[note: 8] also
states that whilst she has recently set up a children’s activity centre in
Paragon and that the respondent helps out when there is a staff shortage, she
does not receive any salary except for a token by way of pocket money of about
S$220 per month as appreciation for her help.

An overview of the matrimonial assets and relevant financial contributions

27 Given the broad overview of the marriage as described above, I now discuss
an overview of the various contributions made by parties to the marriage. In
all, there were three broad categories of contributions I took into
consideration: (1) contributions towards the matrimonial home; (2)
contributions towards household expenses including maintenance of the
daughter; and (3) other financial assets the parties had accumulated
throughout the marriage.

Contributions towards the matrimonial home

(1) Direct contributions towards purchase of the matrimonial home

28 According to the respondent’s Ancillary Fact and Position Sheet filed on 24
April 2013,[note: 9] the matrimonial home, which is fully paid-up, is valued
at S$400,000 as at July 2012. The direct financial contributions by the
parties towards the purchase price were as follows:

(a) Appellant’s total CPF contributions: Principal – S$36,400, Interest –
S$62,420.28.

(b) Respondent’s total CPF contributions: Principal – S$4,384, Interest –
S$6,873.74.

(c) Appellant’s total cash contribution toward purchase: S$100.

(d) Respondent’s total cash contribution toward purchase: S$0.

29 It is noted that the appellant’s Ancillary Fact and Position Sheet filed on
22 April 2013[note: 10] does not state the amount that he paid towards the
matrimonial home. That said, the respondent’s figures for the appellant’s
contributions were taken from his supporting affidavit and it does not appear
that there is any dispute as to the amount of the contributions from CPF
towards the purchase.

(2) Contributions towards renovation of the matrimonial home

30 As noted above, there is considerable dispute over the contributions made
by the parties to the three renovations that were carried out to the
matrimonial home. According to the respondent, she paid some S$83,000 or so
for the renovations. The appellant disputes the amount contributed by the
respondent. He also claims to have contributed about S$5,000 towards the
initial (first round) of renovations and a similar sum towards the second
round of renovations. So far as the third round of renovations was concerned,
the appellant had by that time moved out of the matrimonial home and asserts
that part of the third renovation was paid for by the daughter.

(3) Appellant’s assessment of direct contributions: purchase price and
renovations

31 In the appellant’s 2nd ancillary affidavit, the appellant at para 55 sets
out the table below representing the parties’ contributions to the purchase of
the matrimonial home and renovations:

|  Husband (appellant) |  |  Wife (respondent)  
---|---|---|---  
Initial capital payment by CPF |  S$36,400.00 |  Initial capital payment by CPF |  S$4,384.00  
Accrued CPF interest (as at 14 August 2012) |  S$62,420.28 |  Accrued CPF interest (as at 14 September 2012) |  S$6,873.74  
Initial capital payment by cash |  S$100.00 |  |   
**Sub-total** |  **S$98,830.28** |  **Sub-total** |  **S$11,257.74**  
|  **89.77%** |  |  **10.23%**  
Payment for 1st renovation in 1984 |  S$5,000.00 |  Payment for 1st renovation in 1984 |  S$4,000.00  
Payment for 2nd renovation in 1991 |  S$5,000.00 |  Payment for 2nd renovation in 1991 |  S$2,000.00  
|  |  Payment for 3rd renovation |  At most S$ 17,331.76  
**[Appellant’s] total contribution** |  **S$108,830.28** |  **[Respondent’s] total contribution** |  **Less than S$34,589.50**  
|  **_75.88%_** |  |  **_24.12%_**  
  
  

(4) Respondent’s assessment of direct contributions: purchase price and
renovations

32 Whilst the respondent did not set out a comparative table as such in the
respondent’s RAAM, it is apparent that her figures in respect of renovations
are much higher. She also disputes the appellant’s assertions as to his
contributions towards renovations. Putting the respondent’s case at its
highest would produce the following result:

Husband (appellant) |  Wife (respondent)  
---|---  
Initial capital payment by CPF |  S$36,400 |  Initial capital payment by CPF |  S$4,384.00  
Accrued CPF interest (as at 14 August 2012) |  S$62,420.28 |  Accrued CPF interest (as at 14 September 2012) |  S$6873.74  
Initial capital payment by cash |  S$100 |  Initial capital payment by cash |  S$0  
**Sub-total** |  **S$98,830.28** |  **Sub-total** |  **S$11,257.74**  
|  **89.77%** |  |  **10.23%**  
Payment for 1st Renovation (1984) |  S$ 0 |  Payment for 1st Renovation (1984) |  S$23,000  
Payment for 2nd Renovation in 1991 |  S$ 0 |  Payment for 2nd Renovation in 1991 |  S$16,000  
|  |  Payment for 3rd Renovation |  S$50,000  
**Appellant’s total contribution** |  **S$98,830.28** |  **Respondent’s total contribution** |  **S$100,257.74**  
|  **49.64%** |  |  **50.35%**  
  
  

Contributions towards household expenses including maintenance of the daughter

33 The appellant’s evidence (which has been described generally above) was
that during the first twenty years of marriage (up till his departure from the
matrimonial home in 1993), he met all the major family and household expenses.
In the appellant’s AAM, he claims that the respondent was reluctant to
contribute and that he provided her with cash of about S$300 to S$400 per
month. He claims that overall, he spent about S$600 per month on the family
and that this was so even during the period of his bankruptcy which lasted
from 1984 till September 1999.

34 The respondent’s evidence on the other hand was almost the complete
reverse: that she had met the household expenses and that the appellant rarely
contributed towards the household expenses. She asserts that after his release
from prison in 1984 until he left the matrimonial home, he only made
intermittent financial contributions towards household expenses and that he
was not able to hold down a fixed job. After he left the matrimonial home in
1993, he did not provide any further payments and it was left to her to meet
the costs of up-keeping the flat, paying monthly utilities, and conservancy
charges. The appellant has denied being unable to hold down a fixed job. In
the appellant’s 2nd ancillary affidavit, he refers at para 34 to a table
showing where he worked between 1983 and 1994. The table suggests that he had
at least 7 different jobs in this period which culminated in his becoming a
taxi driver in 1994. It is noted that, for a good part of the period of
marital cohabitation, the appellant was a bankrupt and that for a period of
two years (1986–1987) the table provided merely states that he undertook “odd
jobs”.

Other financial assets of the parties

35 Aside from his declared monthly income as a taxi driver (S$1,000 –
S$1,200), the appellant receives S$297 per month from his CPF retirement
account. He does not own any motor vehicle, insurance policy or shares, bonds,
stock options and/or unit trusts. His disclosed bank accounts (August 2012)
show sums of S$60.61 and S$39.92. As at 14 August 2012, his CPF account was as
follows:

(a) Ordinary account: S$0;

(b) Medisave account: S$37,710;

(c) Special account: S$0;

(d) Retirement account: S$30,914.71.

36 The appellant declares his monthly expenses as coming to S$1,250 per month
and a debt of S$22,000 said to be owed to his sister in respect of legal fees
in connection with the divorce proceedings.

37 The respondent in the respondent’s RAAM declares an insurance policy
(Living Assurance Policy) with Great Eastern Life for S$30,000. The named
beneficiary is the daughter and there is no surrender value. The respondent
also declares ownership of 3,710 Singtel shares with an estimated value of
S$12,243 as at 30 June 2012. Three bank accounts are listed showing credit
amounts of S$50,481.07, S$28,869.06, and S$70,000 (as of July or August 2012).
The respondent also has S$23,340.61 in her Medisave account (as of September
2012). She also has S$115,739.60 in her retirement account. The respondent is
also currently receiving S$2,500 per month as rental income from the
matrimonial flat. Her declared expenses are as follows: household expenses:
S$1,096.67; maid’s expenses: S$732.51, and personal expenses of S$537. The
respondent also states that her sister (aged 61) is dependent on her and that
she sets aside S$1,000 per month for her needs. As to this, the appellant
asserts that the respondent’s sister is staying with the respondent in the
daughter’s home where much of the household expenses are met by the daughter
and her husband.

The parties’ submissions in brief

38 Before the District Court, the appellant in his written submissions claimed
that his direct contributions towards the matrimonial home came to 75% with
the respondent’s contribution coming to 25% (including S$4,000, S$2,000, and
at most S$19,484 for the 3 renovations). On this basis, he asked for an order
that the flat be sold and that after payment of the costs of sale and refund
of both parties’ CPF and accrued interest, the net sales proceeds to be
divided 70:30 in his favour. The appellant also asked that he be awarded a
just and equitable share of the rental income of S$83,800 that the respondent
had received from March 2010 to date or, alternatively, for his share of the
rental income to be factored into the assessment of his share in the
matrimonial home.

39 In support of his claim on appeal, the appellant (by way of written
submissions) produced further tables comparing the direct contributions made
to the matrimonial home (capital cost and renovations). Without delving into
the details, the tables are said to demonstrate that the respondent’s total
direct contribution (depending on how renovations were assessed) ranged from
27.51% to 38.68%. At the same time, the tables are said to show that his
contributions were at least 61.32% and possibly 72.49%.

40 The appellant in assessing the value of his direct contributions towards
the cost of acquisition included his initial capital payment by CPF of
S$36,400, as well as the accrued CPF interest as at 14 August 2012 of
S$62,420.28. The initial capital payment from the respondent on the other hand
was S$4,384 and the accrued CPF interest on 14 September 2012 of S$6,873.74.

41 The difference between the appellant and respondent’s assessment of the
value of their respective direct contributions comes down to two points: (a)
the assessment of the actual payments towards the three rounds of renovation;
and (b) whether the accrued interest should be taken into account.

42 The respondent before the District Court argued for an order that the
appellant’s share of the matrimonial home be transferred to her without
consideration or refund of his CPF monies. Her assessment of her direct
contributions to the flat was higher and on that basis, together with her long
period of indirect contributions, she asserted that she was entitled to a
substantial uplift in her share of the matrimonial home. Insofar as
maintenance was concerned, the respondent sought the payment of a lump sum of
S$216,000 based on a multiplier of 12 years and a multiplicand of S$1,500.
After reviewing the case law and considering the submissions, the learned
District Judge awarded the respondent the matrimonial home based on the wife’s
evidence as to her direct contributions as well as her significant indirect
contributions over a long marriage. The learned District Judge also noted that
she was entitled to maintenance of 12 years with a multiplicand of S$300
giving rise to a lump sum of S$43,200. The learned District Judge also found
that the husband’s half share of the rental proceeds (allowing for a reduction
of at least 10% for the incidental costs relating to the tenancies) would have
come to S$37,710. This did not exceed the lump sum maintenance that the wife
was entitled to. The result was that there was no order for lump sum
maintenance and the appellant was not given a half share of the rental income.

43 On appeal, the respondent argues that the learned District Judge rightly
decided to exclude the interest element from the computation of the parties
respective direct financial contributions since its inclusion would unfairly
skew the proportions in favour of the appellant by mere reason of long lapse
of time and not because of any actual contributions on his part. If the
accrued interest was excluded and renovations assessed based on the actual
receipts that the respondent could find (rather than her estimate), the table
was said to show that her direct contributions came to 58.1% with 41.9% for
the appellant. This indeed was very close to the learned District Judge’s
assessment of 42% to the appellant and 58% to the respondent.

The applicable legal principles

44 The law pertaining to the division of matrimonial assets is relatively
straightforward. I first set out the general legal principles that apply.
Section 112(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the WC”)
provides that the court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the
grant of a judgment of divorce, to order the division between the parties of
any matrimonial asset or the sale of any such asset and the division between
the parties of the proceeds of the sale of any such asset in such proportions
as the court thinks _just and equitable_.

45 In exercising the power to order division, s 112(2) of the WC directs the
court to have regard to all the circumstances of the case including the
following matters:

(a) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(b) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

(c) the needs of the children (if any) of the marriage;

(d) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependant of either party;

(e) any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce;

(f) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(g) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(h) the matters referred to in s 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

46 Section 114 sets out the court’s power to award maintenance. Section 114(1)
provides that in determining the amount of any maintenance to be paid by a man
to his wife or former wife, the court shall have regard to all the
circumstances of the case including the following matters:

(a) the income, earning capacity, property and other financial resources which
each of the parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future;

(b) the financial needs, obligations and responsibilities which each of the
parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future;

(c) the standard of living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the
marriage;

(d) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(e) any physical or mental disability of either of the parties to the
marriage;

(f) the contributions made by each of the parties to the marriage to the
welfare of the family, including any contribution made by looking after the
home or caring for the family; and

(g) in the case of proceedings for divorce or nullity of marriage, the value
to either of the parties to the marriage of any benefit (for example, a
pension) which, by reason of the dissolution or annulment of the marriage that
party will lose the chance of acquiring.

47 Section 114(2) goes on to state that:

(2) In exercising its powers under this section, the court shall endeavour so
to place the parties, so far as it is practicable and, having regard to their
conduct, just to do so, in the financial position in which they would have
been if the marriage had not broken down and each had properly discharged his
or her financial obligations and responsibilities towards the other.

48 Professor Leong Wai Kum (“Prof Leong”) in Leong Wai Kum, _Elements of
Family Law in Singapore_ (Lexis Nexis, 2nd ed, 2013) (“ _Elements of Family
Law_ ”) at p 500 comments that:

[t]he power to divide matrimonial assets provides powerful practical effect to
the exhortation to spouses that their marriage is an equal co-operative
partnership of different efforts for their mutual benefit.

This comment provides a useful starting point when approaching the question of
division of matrimonial assets in any particular case.

49 Indeed, a similar point was made by Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA in _NK v NL_
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 (“ _NK v NL_ ”) at [41] where it is said that:

… the social policy underscored by the division of matrimonial assets, the
joint product of a marital partnership, is just as important as the final
award. The language of a power to “divide” says to the whole society that the
law acknowledges the equally important contributions of the homemaker to the
partnership of marriage and its acquisition of wealth.

50 To this end, it has been said that three defining principles define the
power to divide matrimonial assets: (a) any asset acquired during the marriage
(rather than just the matrimonial home) is liable to division; (b) the power
is to be exercised in broad strokes (rather than by misguided attempt at
mathematical precision); and (c) the aim of the court is to reach a fair and
reasonable division of the assets between the spouses: see _Elements of Family
Law_ at p 505 citing L P Thean J’s decision in _Koo Shirley v Mok Kong Chua
Kenneth_ [1989] 1 SLR(R) 244.

51 Prof Leong points to three decisions of the Singapore Court of Appeal,
which in particular represent the approach taken in Singapore towards division
of matrimonial assets under s 112. These are _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 (“ _Lock Yeng Fun_ ”); _NK v NL_ and _Yeo Chong Lin v Tay
Ang Choo Nancy_ [2011] 2 SLR 1157 (“ _Yeo Chong Lin_ ”). These cases are said
to acknowledge a “community of property” approach towards division of
matrimonial assets or what Prof Leong has termed at p 497, “deferred community
of property”. Under this approach, the courts recognise and require that
proper credit be given to non-financial efforts as a contribution towards
acquisition of property. Even though the courts recognise that non-financial
contributions (such as homemaking and parenting) may be difficult to measure
or to quantify, this does not mean that only lip service is to be paid to such
contributions. Justice and equity requires that the courts award a share of
the matrimonial assets that is commensurate with his or her contributions as a
whole. Consistent with this approach, the courts in Singapore prefer a broad
brush multi-factorial approach towards assessment of contributions and
division. As has often been said, it is better to be roughly right than to be
precisely wrong, or as Chao Hick Tin JA put it in _Yeo Chong Lin_ at [81] –
the broad brush approach “is all about feel and the court’s sense of justice.”

52 Adopting a broad brush approach does not mean however that a structured
approach cannot be taken towards assessment and the exercise of discretion.
Indeed in _ATT v ATS_ [2012] 2 SLR(R) 859, a structured approach was endorsed
by the Court of Appeal. The first step would be to delineate the pool of
matrimonial assets to be divided. The second step is to assess the value of
the pool so that the court’s deliberations can be made with reference to a
working quantum. The third step is to consider all the circumstances of the
case including but not limited to the specific factors identified in s 112(2),
paying particular attention to the direct financial contributions as well as
the indirect non-financial contributions of each party. This is the multi-
factorial approach to be applied with broad brush strokes that leads to the
final step of deciding what is the just and equitable proportion. Thereafter,
the court may need to decide what is the most effective way of achieving the
desired division in the proportion that has been assessed. At this stage, the
desirability of a clean break order (if possible) will often be considered.

Is there any presumption in favour of any particular starting point when
approaching division?

53 The argument has been raised from time to time that the yard stick of
“equality of division” has merits especially in cases where the marriage has
lasted a reasonable length of time and a child has been raised – see generally
_Elements of Family Law_ at pp 616–618. On occasion, it has also been
suggested that the law might choose as a starting point the proportion as
reflected in the proven direct financial contributions towards the matrimonial
assets. Both approaches have been rejected. Consider, for example, _Lock Yeng
Fun_ , considered in _Elements of Family Law_ at p 621. The marriage lasted
some 30 years. There were 2 children. The wife was largely the homemaker,
although she was a better investor of the parties’ spare monies. The High
Court ordered that the wife receive 40% of the net matrimonial assets and
S$60,000 by way of lump sum maintenance. On appeal, her share of the net
matrimonial assets was increased to 50%. The order for maintenance was
rescinded.

54 The point that Prof Leong makes is that even though the Court of Appeal
came down in favour of equality of division of the matrimonial assets, Phang
JA made it clear that the conclusion of equality was “the end point of [the
court’s] deliberations” and not the starting point. The starting point is
always the admonition to reach a just and equitable division of the
matrimonial assets. Equality of division was not the norm (as such). If such
an order was made in any given case, it would be as a result of applying the
multi-factorial approach – which was described by Chao JA in _Yeo Chong Lin_
at [81], is rooted in “feel and the court’s sense of justice.”

55 The emphasis on a multi-factorial broad brush approach guided by the
court’s feel and sense of justice whilst regularly applied and referred to in
case law has not gone without some criticism. Prof Leong at p 626 cites the
concern of one commentator that the approach lends itself to uncertainty:
“what exactly does this mean, and how does the court actually go about doing
this?” The same commentator argues that the practice of taking account of
every relevant factor might result in applications for division of matrimonial
assets becoming more cantankerous than it needs to be: see Lim Hui Min, “
_Matrimonial Asset Division: The Art of Achieving a Just and Equitable Result_
” in _SAL Conference 2011: Developments in Singapore Law Between 2006 and
2010_ (Yeo Tiong Min, Hans Tjio & Tang Hang Wu gen eds) (Academy Publishing,
2011). Lim suggests that the law should place greater emphasis on effort as
opposed to ability and endeavours as opposed to results with the possible
result of greater readiness to assume equal efforts between the parties,
whether in breadwinning or homemaking or a mixture of the two, for long
marriages over ten years and even short marriages of under 10 years, if there
are children to the marriage. Prof Leong agrees and writes at p 628 that
“[m]arital partnerships, from the perspective of the spouses’ exertion of
their efforts, are more similar than they are different” and that such a re-
focusing may lead to the conclusion that in many cases, equal division is just
and equitable division.

56 Prof Leong further explains that after _Lock Yeng Fun_ some courts began
upon a different approach using the proportion of each party’s direct
financial contributions to the matrimonial assets as the starting point and
adjusting this proportion to take account the parties’ indirect contributions
and any other relevant factor. The danger with this approach is that it may
lead to insufficient weight being placed on indirect contributions. On this,
Prof Leong comment at p 622 that the objective of the statutory amendments in
1996 was to equalise non-financial contributions with financial contributions.
It, therefore, comes as no surprise that this approach was rejected by the
Court of Appeal in _NK v NL_. Section 112 requires the court to pay regard to
all types of spousal contributions whether in the economic or homemaking
sphere. Both are equally important to the well-being of the marital
partnership. It follows that an approach which places too much stress on a
mathematical accounting or a balance sheet of figures is inappropriate.

57 The above summary reveals a number of important principles which this court
has found helpful in coming to its decision in this appeal. Before turning to
the indirect contributions, this court notes again the “debate” over whether
the starting point should generally be equality of division – especially in
long marriages. Just because the Singapore courts have not found favour with
this approach does not mean that there is any bias against equality of
division. Indeed, it could well be that in many cases where the marriage is
long and with children involved, that the court will come to the conclusion
that equal or near equal division is the just and equitable division.

Whether the interest element should be excluded from the computation of direct
contributions

58 A secondary point of law which arises is whether the interest element of
CPF monies should be excluded when calculating the direct contributions of
parties to the matrimonial home. The respondent states that the marriage was a
lengthy one and the property purchased decades ago. That being so, it was
argued that the interest which accrued on the parties’ CPF contributions
towards the purchase of the property ended up exceeding the principal amount.
The interest that accrued on the appellant’s initial payment of S$36,400 was
S$62,420.28. The interest that accrued on the respondent’s initial payment of
S$4,384 was S$6,873.

59 In support of her case, the respondent cited the decision of Judith Prakash
J in _Cheung Kam Yi Betty v Liu Tsun Kie_ [2012] SGHC 213. The marriage in
this case lasted 36 years and, at the time of divorce, the parties were both
61 years old. The matrimonial home (a semi-detached house) was purchased for
about S$1.98m in 1995. The learned judge in that case held at [46] that the
proven direct financial contributions to the acquisition of the property
amounted to S$486,823.46 (excluding interest) from the wife’s CPF account and
S$685,040.37 (excluding interest) from the husband’s CPF account. Whilst
interest was excluded in this case, there was no discussion as to whether
exclusion of interest element was as a matter of principle always the
preferred approach to be taken.

60 The appellant, on the other hand, submitted that there have been many cases
where the Singapore courts have taken accrued interest into account in
assessing direct contributions. These include:

(a) _AVT v AVU_ [2011] SGDC 379, which involved a 7-year marriage and with 2
children to the marriage. The matrimonial home was an HDB flat with both
parties making direct contributions in the form of CPF monies. The CPF
interest in this case was taken into account by the District Judge in
assessing the percentage of contribution of the parties. The District Judge
also held that the liability to repay the CPF sums withdrawn for the purchase
of the flat was a personal obligation of each party to be discharged out of
his or her own share of the sale proceeds.

(b) _AZJ v AZK_ [2012] SGDC 137, which involved a 12-year marriage and with 2
children to the marriage. The matrimonial home was an HDB flat. In assessing
the value of direct contributions, the District Court took account of the
payment out from the parties’ CPF accounts as well as the accrued interest.
The District Court in this case also held that using the broad brush approach,
the wife was to refund the husband’s CPF account with a sum of S$50,000 in
return for the flat (by way of partial refund of monies used to purchase the
flat plus accrued interest).

(c) _Tang Ah Moey v Bock Thye Boon_ [2012] SGDC 130, which involved a 34-year
marriage. Matrimonial home paid for by the wife with the assessment of her
direct contribution taking account of both the CPF principal and CPF interest.
The court in this case held that the wife was entitled to 75% of the net value
of the property and the husband entitled to 25%. The wife (who paid for the
flat) was ordered to refund her CPF account including accrued interest from
her share of the sale proceeds.

(d) _Woon Wee Lee v Koh Ai Hua_ [2012] SGHC 128, which involved a relatively
long marriage. The parties were married in September 1975, and interim divorce
was granted in July 2011. Accrued interest was taken into account in assessing
direct contributions from the parties’ CPF accounts to the purchase of the
flat.

(e) _BCF v BCG_ [2012] SGDC 280, which involved a 30-year marriage. The
matrimonial home was a 5-room HDB flat purchased in the parties’ joint names.
Both parties utilised CPF monies to pay for the flat. No cash payments were
made for the loan instalments. The husband was found to have paid the lion’s
share of some 96%. This took account of his CPF principal of S$116,492 and CPF
interest of S$43,821. The District Court order was that the matrimonial flat
be sold and the net proceeds of sale to be divided in the proportion of 40% to
the wife and 60% to the husband. Each party was also responsible for their
respective refunds to their own CPF accounts of the monies used to purchase
the flat including accrued interest.

(f) _BCW v BCX_ [2012] SGDC 335, which involved a 19-year marriage. Assessment
of direct contribution again was based on CPF monies withdrawn together with
accrued interest.

(g) _Lau Poh Leng v Ong Ah Seng & Ronald Ong Ying Howe_ [2013] SGDC 16, which
involved a 28-year marriage. The wife paid from her CPF a sum of S$14,075 and
the accrued interest was S$3,342. The husband paid from his CPF account the
sum of S$66,239 with an accrued interest of S$14,586. The co-defendant paid
from his CPF a sum of S$39,737 and the accrued interest was S$1,757. The court
ordered that the matrimonial home was to be sold in the open market and the
net proceeds after repayment of the outstanding mortgage loan, refund of all
three parties CPF monies used for the purchase plus the accrued interest and
all sales expenses be given entirely to the wife.

61 On the question of taking account of accrued interest in respect of CPF
payments made towards the purchase price, it is not immediately apparent as to
why one method is to be preferred over the other. What is surely important is
that the same method is used to assess the direct contributions of both
parties. If both parties have contributed sums from CPF, then whether or not
accrued interest is factored in, the _proportion_ of the contributions of the
husband and wife will surely remain the same. Although this may not be the
case where the contributions have been by way of CPF contributions and other
funds.

62 Where the court decides that the matrimonial home is to be held in unequal
shares (for example 80:20), what may be important is whether the obligation
(if any) to repay CPF and any interest is to be taken into account in
assessing the net proceeds to which the percentage shares are to be applied.
In _Tay Sin Tor v Tan Chay Eng_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 385 Kan Ting Chiu J, in an
oft-cited statement, held at [11] that:

… it is the flat that is subject to division. If the flat is worth $x, that
value is to be taken into consideration. The value of the flat is $X whether
or not CPF funds are used. The CPF sums are not loans, they are the assets of
the parties, like money in the bank, although they may only be withdrawn for
authorised purposes, _eg_ for the acquisition of real property or shares, and
they have to be paid back into the accounts when those assets are sold.
Inasmuch as the sums withdrawn from each party’s bank accounts are not
required to be paid before division, the same must apply to sums withdrawn
from CPF accounts. The liability to repay to the CPF sums withdrawn is a
personal obligation of each party to be discharged out of his or her share of
the sale proceeds.

63 Even though there is much sense in Kan J’s decision, I note that the point
being made in that decision does not matter in cases where the decision is to
award the matrimonial home entirely to one party (such as where one party is
ordered to transfer his/her share to the other party). In any case, as a
matter of law, I find that whether or not the accrued interest on payments
from CPF is to be taken into account in determining the _percentage_
contribution that a spouse has made towards purchase is a matter of discretion
for the trial judge dependent highly on the circumstances of the case. What is
important as a matter of fairness and mathematical logic is that the
percentage contributions of both parties must be assessed on the same basis.
In any case, the main relevance of accrued interest relates to the legal
requirement that refunded monies are to be paid back into the parties’ CPF
account with such interest.

Application of the Law

64 There were numerous points raised by parties in arguing their case, and
while they may not have been particularly significant to the main issue of the
division of the matrimonial assets, for completeness, I will address what I
will call these “ancillary points”. Broadly, these include:

(a) the calculation of accrued interest;

(b) the significance of the rent-free occupation the respondent enjoyed; and

(c) the inheritance the respondent received.

65 Before addressing these ancillary points, I first set out my general views
on the credibility of parties _vis-à-vis_ their affidavit evidence. After
discussing my views on the ancillary points, I then discuss my findings
pertaining the main issue at hand – the division of the matrimonial home.

The credibility of parties

66 In the present case, the matrimonial asset which division is in issue is
the matrimonial home which was purchased in 1983 in the joint names of the
parties. This is a case where the direct financial contributions toward the
purchase price (through CPF monies) are not in dispute. What is in dispute is
the amount spent by the parties on renovations as well as the indirect
contributions (financial or otherwise) made by the parties during the
marriage. The documentary evidence in support of each party’s case on
renovations is thin: especially so in the case of the appellant. The positions
taken in the affidavits filed on the level of financial support which the
appellant provided during the first 19 years of marriage were in sharp
conflict. The learned District Judge took the view that whilst both parties
had not been upfront in disclosing some monies that they were in receipt of,
the drawing of an adverse inference was not necessary – even though this meant
that there were still gaps in the evidence. For example, whilst the respondent
in the respondent’s RAAM claimed expenses for a maid, in her supplemental
affidavit in response to request for discovery and interrogatories dated 22
January 2013, it is revealed that the maid was employed by her son-in-law,
although a large part of her duties involved caring for the respondent and her
sister. She also omitted her CPF retirement account in the respondent’s RAAM.

67 Even so, like the District Court, I am of the view that, on the whole, the
respondent’s affidavit evidence was more credible. It is undisputed that the
appellant was an undischarged bankrupt from 1984 up to September 1999. Whilst
the appellant did work during that period it is also clear that he changed
jobs many times and that in respect of a two-year period, he simply discloses
that he held “odd jobs”. The appellant does not provide any documentary
evidence of his contributions to renovations and household expenses and there
is no independent evidence at all as to whether he is paying rent for his
present accommodation now or at any stage after leaving the matrimonial home.
Even though the appellant has alleged that frequent quarrels occurred over
financial contributions and other matters, there is no doubt that he left the
matrimonial home as a matter of his own choice in 1993 and that after this, he
did not provide the respondent with any financial support. While the court
notes that the respondent may have enjoyed rent-free occupation of the
matrimonial home, as I will elaborate further later at [71]–[73], I found this
of little significance in the entire scheme of things.

68 Further, even though there is some uncertainty as to how much monies the
respondent spent on renovation, it is reasonably clear that she provided
substantial funds for each renovation and was responsible for the household
bills, especially after the appellant left the matrimonial home. On the other
hand, it is far from clear as to what, if anything, the appellant contributed
by way of renovation expenses. This is not to say that the court finds that
the appellant did not contribute anything to household expenses. Indeed, the
respondent herself accepts that at the very least, he did occasionally
contribute towards some household expenses. However, the evidence, without
getting mired into detailed accounting, strongly suggests that the
respondent’s indirect contributions and contributions to household expenses
were far higher and much more consistent than those of the appellant.

69 In deciding an appeal from the District Court, even though the evidence is
largely by way of affidavits, the court should not readily depart from the
views that the District Court has formed on the evidence. In any case, the
view that I have formed on the affidavits is similar to that of the learned
District Judge. It is far more probable that the respondent contributed more
significantly than the appellant to the household. The wife held a regular job
until her retirement in 2001. The District Judge rightly points out that even
the husband recognised that the respondent was a simple lady leading a frugal
lifestyle. Even without the affidavit filed by the daughter, this court would
have little difficulty in coming to the view that that the respondent’s
contributions towards, renovations, household expenses, parenting, and
homemaking were far more significant than those of the appellant.

Ancillary points

Accrued interest

70 I deal quickly with the issue of accrued interest which parties had raised.
As discussed above, there is no one preferred way. In the present case, the
appellant contributed S$36,400 from his CPF. The respondent contributed
S$4,384. In percentage terms this works out to 89.25% to 10.749%. If the
accrued interest is factored in the total sums come to S$98,820.28 for the
appellant and S$11,257 for the respondent. In terms of percentages, the values
of the contributions differ by a small value of 0.52%, and remain largely the
same. There was, therefore, no significant difference whether or not the
accrued interest would be accounted for in considering the contributions of
the parties to the matrimonial home.

The significance of the respondent’s rent free occupation of the matrimonial
home

71 Under s 112(2)(_f_), the court is required to take account of any period of
rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party in the matrimonial
home to the exclusion of the other party. The appellant, in this case, asserts
that the learned District Judge failed to give sufficient weight to the fact
that the wife enjoyed 19 years of exclusive possession while the “husband had
to rent a room outside [_sic_].” Indeed, in the appellant’s written
submissions, it is argued that “the period of 19 years for which they had
exclusive possession of the matrimonial home and the rental income of S$83,800
(as of June 2013) must certainly be considered as his indirect contribution as
well towards the welfare of the family.”

72 The fact that the court is required to pay regard to any period of rent-
free and exclusive use of the matrimonial home is part and parcel of the
multi-factorial approach that the court takes towards making a just and
equitable determination. It cannot be approached on a mathematical basis nor
can it be considered in abstract and in isolation. In some cases, it may be a
significant factor. In other cases, the significance may be small. In the
present case, the District Court rightly points out that it was the husband
who chose to leave and it was he who “effectively abandoned the family.” The
husband has made much of his claim that he has paid rent for the room at his
female friend [XY]’s flat: there is, however, no independent evidence
supporting his claim. Indeed, the point was made in _BDH v BDI_ [2012] SGDC
333 (“ _BDH_ ”) that if the wife had to leave the matrimonial home, her needs
for financial support and maintenance would have been higher. In any case, the
District Court in _BDH_ at [41] observed that:

… it was far from clear to conclude that he was forced to leave the flat as
there was some evidence, which he did not dispute, that he was spending time
with his new girlfriend. It was more likely that he did not find it conducive
to continue to live together in the same flat and he himself preferred a
different place to live in.

73 In the present case, the appellant has denied that [XY] is his mistress and
asserts she is just a good friend. That may be so. It does not change the fact
that it was he who decided to leave the matrimonial home. Given that he has
not, in any case, paid any maintenance to the respondent over the past 19
years or so, and that it was the respondent who bore the expenses of the
matrimonial home, this court agrees that very little weight is to be placed on
the respondent’s rent-free occupation.

Inheritance of the respondent

74 The appellant has made much of the fact that the respondent inherited a sum
of money from her father’s estate. A number of points arise. First, the
inheritance is not a matrimonial asset that is subject to division under s 112
of the WC. Under the WC, a matrimonial asset does not include any asset (not
being a matrimonial home) that has been acquired by one party by inheritance
which has not been substantially improved during marriage by the other party

75 Second, the court is required by s 112(2)(_h_) to take account of the
matters referred to in s 114(1) insofar as they are relevant to division of
matrimonial assets.

76 Third, under s 114(1) the court is directed, _inter alia_ , to take account
of the financial resources which each party has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future. Her financial resources (even if strictly not a
matrimonial asset) may be relevant in determining her entitlement to
maintenance (and possibly her share in other matrimonial assets on a just and
equitable basis).

77 The respondent did not mention the inheritance in the respondent’s RAAM but
did set out the details in her second ancillary affidavit in response to the
appellant’s AAM. The respondent’s father passed away in 1991. He left behind a
flat that was to be shared between the respondent and her 2 siblings. Her
evidence is that she saved her share of the rental proceeds from the flat
(S$330) together with her share of her father’s savings. It was from these
savings that she was able to embark on the second renovation of the
matrimonial home in 1994. The father’s flat was sold in 2001 or 2002 and the
respondent’s share came to S$52,000. This court notes the claim by the
appellant that the respondent’s one-third share was much higher, but finds
that the claim is unacceptable as it is based on the value of the flat in
August 2012. There is little reason to doubt the respondent’s assertion that
her share of the sale proceeds (the total proceeds being shared amongst her
siblings) was S$52,000. Based on the affidavit evidence, this court prefers
and finds more credible the respondent’s statement as to how much she received
from the sale of her deceased father’s flat and how this enabled her to pay
for the second round of renovations.

78 That said, this court also finds itself in broad agreement with the view of
the District Judge stated at [33] of the GD that:

… unlike the husband, the wife had worked hard and as he put it, she was from
day one a simple lady leading a frugal lifestyle. In these circumstances, it
would not be right … to give him any share of her hard earned savings which
the simple and frugal lady had squirreled away for a rainy day.

The main issue – findings relating to the division of the matrimonial home

A holistic approach in considering division and indirect contributions

79 I now move on to consider the main issue before this court, which is the
division of the matrimonial home. As observed above, there is some dispute as
to the direct contributions to the matrimonial home (including the
renovations). I will return to those issues after considering the parties’
indirect contributions with a bit more detail.

80 Before embarking on an analysis of indirect contributions, it is to be
noted that s 112(2) does not actually use the terms “direct” and “indirect”
contributions in respect of the factors to be taken account of in determining
a just and equitable division on the facts. What it does is it sets out a
_non-exhaustive_ list of factors in eight sub-paragraphs. Some of these
factors can be directly assessed in terms of a monetary value such as the
monetary contribution towards the acquisition of the matrimonial asset as well
as monies spent on improving or maintaining the asset. Debts incurred for the
benefit of the children of the marriage are also directly quantifiable in
monetary terms.

81 There are also many factors which cannot be easily assessed in monetary
terms, such as, for example, contributions towards caring for the family.
Indeed the factor identified in s 112(2)(_c_), _viz_ , “the needs of the
children”, does not necessarily refer only to financial needs such as
education fees, _etc_. The need for stability in terms of a familiar place of
residence can be an important factor. The emotional needs are also important.
How can a monetary value ever be placed on such factors?

82 A review of the case law reveals that much effort is often expended on
pigeon-holing contributions into direct financial and indirect contributions.
Accepting the danger of over-generalisation, much of the emphasis tends to be
placed on financial contributions that are directly linked to the cost of
acquisition (down payments, deposits, cash payments and monthly repayments,
_etc_). That said, monies spent on renovation are also important. In some
cases, the renovations are substantial and may add a lasting value to the
property. In other cases, the monies spent on renovation may blur into
maintenance or household expenses such as re-painting, repair of electrical
wiring, _etc_. Other financial contributions which are not attributable to the
value of the matrimonial asset (say a home) include monies spent on fittings
such as furniture and the like. The list is endless. Does it matter whether
the financial expenditure can properly be attributed to the cost of acquiring
or improving (in the sense of adding lasting value) the property? The answer
must be a resounding “no”. Contributions to the matrimonial household extend
far beyond the home as a physical and economic asset. Monies spent on
maintenance of the home are relevant to the division of the matrimonial assets
alongside contributions to the welfare of the family. These contributions may
be of a financial nature, as for example, where a spouse pays for the
children’s school fees. Often times, they will be incapable of any sensible
measurement in monetary terms, such as where a spouse devotes time towards
looking after an aged or dependent in-law.

83 Classifying contributions as direct financial contributions, indirect
financial contributions, and indirect non-financial contributions is
convenient and may be helpful in taking a structured approach. But, at the end
of the day, the classifications must not rule the decision. What rules the
decision is the court’s assessment of all the contributions made by each
spouse which are relevant so as to achieve a just and equitable division. It
cannot be assumed that any particular factor will always be given more weight.
Whether it does or does not must depend on the court’s assessment of the
factors as a whole. A holistic approach is what the legislation requires.

Indirect Contributions

84 The appellant in his written submissions referred to several cases in
support of his general claim that even in long marriages, the Singapore courts
tend to limit their awards for indirect contribution to 5%–17.2%. These
include the following:

(a) _Lim Choon Lai v Chew Kim Heng_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 260 (“ _Lim Choon Lai_ ”),
which involved a 30-year marriage and two children to the marriage. There the
wife bore the brunt of supporting the family and providing for its welfare.
The wife’s contribution to the matrimonial home was fixed at 45%. To this she
was awarded a further 15% for her indirect contributions.

(b) _Tai Neok Lian (m.w.) v Tan Hai Thiam_ [2009] SGDC 6 (“ _Tai Neok Lian_
”), which involved a 29-year marriage and two children to the marriage. The
wife’s direct financial contribution was fixed at 53.3%. A further 17.2% was
awarded for her indirect contributions.

(c) _BCB v BCC_ [2012] SGHC 144 (“ _BCB_ ”), which involved a 15-year marriage
and three children to the marriage. 5% was awarded for indirect contribution
with direct contribution assessed at the ratio of 34.9:65.1 in favour of the
wife.

(d) _Soo Lian Kiag v Chew Lee Shee_ [2012] SGDC 26 (“ _Soo Lian Kiag_ ”),
which involved a 22 -year marriage and two children to the marriage. Direct
contribution was assessed at 28% for the husband and 72% for the wife. The
wife was given another 13% for indirect contribution. The court in this case
declined to divide the matrimonial home in a manner that would leave the
husband incapable of surviving.

85 Of the above cases, particular stress was placed on the decision of the
District Court in _Soo Lian Kiag_. In that case, the two children were adults
at the time of the divorce proceedings. The husband was a retiree aged 63. The
wife was unemployed aged 60. During the marriage, the parties had run a joint
business selling garlic to restaurants, hawker stores and suppliers. The
matrimonial flat was a five-room HDB purchased in the parties’ joint names.
Both parties had used their CPF to pay for the flat. After examining the
documents, the District Court found that the percentage of direct contribution
(CPF principal, CPF interest, cash instalments, renovation expenses,
conservancy and property tax) was 28% to the husband and 72% for the wife.
Turning to indirect contributions, the District Court found that the wife had
made considerable indirect contributions to the family business and the
family. The wife was found to have borne the bulk of the responsibilities in
terms of care of the family (although it was also accepted that the husband
did make some contributions to the family). In coming to the decision on
indirect contributions, the District Judge noted that there was no doubt that
the proceeds from the garlic business had been the source of the wife’s
ability to pay for household expenses and family expenses through her careful
allocation of the net business takings.

86 This was the context in which District Judge Lim Choi Ming stated at [45]
that in coming to his decision on the percentage to be allocated to the
matrimonial home, it was necessary to consider that:

… both parties would henceforth have to survive on what they would receive
from their share of the sale proceeds of the Flat. I felt that it would be
unfair to divide the sale proceeds of the matrimonial home in a manner which
could render the Husband incapable of surviving. I therefore do not agree with
the Wife’s proposition that the Flat be transferred wholly to her with no CPF
refunds to be made to the Husband. Neither did I agree with the Husband’s
submissions that there should be an equal share of the net proceeds of the
Flat.

87 The wife in that case was awarded 85% of the valuation price of the Flat:
72% for her direct contribution and a further 13% for her indirect
contributions.

88 Even on a broad brush stroke basis, the present case is rather different in
terms of the factual matrix. The appellant and respondent did not run or
operate a joint business or work together in any form so as to generate
income. Instead, it is clear that the respondent ability to work as a
telephonist and to earn an income to support the family and household was
independent from the work and income of the appellant. The appellant held
numerous jobs during the first 19 years or so of the marriage before becoming
a taxi driver. Indeed, this court is reminded that for many years the
appellant was an undischarged bankrupt. This is not a case where husband and
wife worked together in a family business for the benefit of the family as a
whole. This was a case where whatever each spouse contributed (in terms of
monies) was attributable to that spouse’s efforts and labour. Of course, this
scenario is not in itself uncommon. Many households today comprise two income
earners (husband and wife) wherein the income earners have quite separate and
independent careers. The important point is whether each spouse has made
substantial contributions (by way of effort and results) to the running and
maintenance of the household. Did each spouse make a real effort to contribute
to the best of his or her ability? If so, the fact that one spouse may have
contributed more in absolute terms (_eg_ , because of a better paying job)
should not mask the fact that the other spouse put in the same or similar
effort although he or she may have contributed less (at least in absolute
terms) in terms of dollars and cents to household expenses. In _Soo Lian Kiag_
, the husband and wife had for many years ran a joint business. Even though
the wife had made the lion’s share of the contributions, the court rightly
points out that the husband did make some contributions and that it was from
the proceeds of the business that they ran that the wife was able to make her
indirect contributions. In these circumstances, the District Judge rightly
stated at [45] that “it would be unfair to divide the sale proceeds of the
matrimonial home in a manner which could render the Husband incapable of
surviving.”

89 In the present case, the appellant argues in his submissions that this was
not a case where the husband had walked out of the family, leaving a young
child for the wife to support. The daughter, he points out, was already 19
years old. The appellant also points to the fact that the wife was then
working as a telephonist, was in good health, was self-sufficient and in any
event was a higher income earner. The appellant points to the fact that he
does not enjoy a high income, is in poor health and that the matrimonial home
is his only asset. The appellant submits that by ordering that there be no
claim of rental (of S$83,800 as at June 2013), that the rental be wholly
retained by the respondent, and that the whole matrimonial home be transferred
to the respondent, the appellant is effectively financially crippled and that
no regard would have been given to his direct contributions and “the fact that
he _allowed_ the [respondent] and their daughter exclusive possession of the
matrimonial home for the past 19 years while he incurred rental outside
[_sic_].” [emphasis added]

90 Whilst there is some dispute as to whether the daughter was already earning
a wage at the time when the appellant left the matrimonial home, it is clear
that she was no longer an infant and was soon to become of age. There is no
doubt that the marriage was long and that the period of marital cohabitation
lasted from December 1974 to February 1993 or 1994. Even if there is some
uncertainty as to the exact date when the appellant left the matrimonial home,
it is clear that the period of cohabitation was long and that the daughter was
“more or less” grown up when he left.

91 The respondent in her submissions denies that the appellant made any
contributions towards the renovations. The respondent accepts that since the
appellant left the matrimonial home, she has enjoyed “rent free occupation”
but as noted already, this has to be seen in the context that it was the
appellant who chose to leave and that after his departure it is clear that he
did not pay any maintenance to the respondent and daughter nor make any
contributions towards the outgoings of the flat. All the outgoings and the
third round of renovation were borne by the respondent with some help from the
daughter (especially as regards the third round of renovation).

92 So far as the period from 1974–-1993 or 1994 is concerned, the court notes
the severe disagreement between the parties as to whether and how much
contribution the appellant had made towards family and household expenses. The
appellant has not provided any documentary evidence supporting his assertion
of monthly payments in the region of S$600. The fact that there is no
documentary evidence does not mean that the court is bound to hold that no
contributions were made. The period is a long time ago and it is not
altogether surprising if parties to a marriage do not keep full and proper
accounts of their respective financial contributions. That said, the court is
bound to take note of the fact that the appellant (i) had served time in
prison for embezzlement; (ii) was an undischarged bankrupt for a considerable
period of the matrimonial co-habitation; and (iii) held numerous jobs
including, by his own words, “odd jobs”.

93 On the affidavit evidence, it seems clear that the appellant was only able
to hold down a job for an extended period when he became a taxi driver
sometime in 1994. That, of course, was around the time when he decided to
leave the matrimonial home. The view that this court takes is that whilst the
appellant did make some financial contributions towards household expenses and
family maintenance during 1974–1993 or 1994, it is clear that the respondent
made far greater efforts in this regard and was likely to have contributed the
lion’s share to the household and to the maintenance of the family out of her
own earnings (as opposed to earnings from a family business). The District
Judge’s conclusion at [31] that the appellant had not contributed much towards
the family is not at odds with the affidavit evidence.

94 In any event, the point has been noted already that Singapore law does not
approach division of matrimonial assets on the basis that the starting point
is equality of division. If equality of division is ordered in any given case,
this is only because that is the just and equitable order after proper
consideration of all the relevant factors. There is no statutory directive
that the objective of division of assets and/or maintenance is to equalise the
parties’ net worth or financial positions. Indeed, it must be said, that even
if there was a presumption in favour of equality of division based on a
concept of community of matrimonial assets, this would only be a presumption
or a starting point for analysis. In the present case, matrimonial
cohabitation has ceased for some 18 years. Whatever contributions the
appellant had made towards household expenses and maintenance of the
respondent and the daughter took place over 18 years ago. This does not mean
that this court is blind to the appellant’s contributions in the first 19
years of marriage. For the avoidance of doubt, this court does accept that the
appellant had made some financial contributions in the first 19 years of the
marriage. Even though these were likely to have been irregular and of
uncertain amount, the court accepts that financial contributions were made and
that the appellant also made some contributions as a father towards looking
after the daughter.

95 Section 114(2) of the WC states that in exercising its powers on
maintenance that the court should:

endeavor so to place the parties, so far as it is practicable and, having
regard to their conduct, just to do so, in the financial position in which
they would have been if the marriage had not broken down and each had properly
discharged his or her financial obligations and responsibilities towards the
other.

This provision is directed towards maintenance rather than division of
matrimonial assets. That said, it is worth underscoring that the provision
looks at the position in which the parties would have been if the marriage had
not broken down. The provision is readily understandable: especially so in
cases where ancillary proceedings (after divorce) are brought within a
reasonable period of the breakdown of marriage. But where we have a case where
matrimonial co-habitation ceased some 18 years ago and the marriage has broken
down for at least that length of time, if not even longer, the relevance of
what the parties’ position would have been, if the marriage had not broken
down, when they finally divorce some 18 years later, is questionable. This is
especially so where there has been very little contact between the parties in
the intervening 18 years during which the parties lived separate lives in
separate households. The fact this took place, as gleaned from the affidavits,
was the choice of the appellant alone. To be clear, the court is not saying
that the contributions made by the parties during the years of actual
matrimonial co-habitation are irrelevant. That would be unjust and wrong in
principle.

96 The point made is that when a court is asked to consider what is a just and
equitable division of matrimonial assets and maintenance some 18 years after
the parties effectively separated and during which each led separate lives and
took responsibility for their own well-being and expenses, the court must take
some account of the long period during which the parties have been living in
separate households. If the party who left (through no fault of the other
party) finds after 18 years that his or her household is “less prosperous”
than that of his (ex)-wife or (ex)-husband: this is hardly a fact which on its
own will earn much sympathy from the courts.

Other cases can be distinguished

97 Insofar as the case authorities cited by the appellant are concerned (and
as summarised above), the respondent submits that the circumstances in each
case were rather different. A survey of the cases will show that to a large
degree, the respondent is correct in this submission.

Lim Choon Lai

98 In _Lim Choon Lai_ , the marriage lasted 30 years. About 40% of the cost of
the matrimonial home was paid for by a Government loan of S$90,000. The
remainder, S$139,000, was paid for by the parties. The District Court
eventually held that the husband’s direct financial contribution was 58% while
the wife’s was 42%. The actual order was that the matrimonial home should be
divided equally. An appeal to the High Court was dismissed (although the High
Court did state that the correct calculation of the percentage contribution
should have been 55% and 45%). This resulted in the further appeal to the
Court of Appeal. So far as the direct contributions to the matrimonial home
were concerned, the Government loan of S$90,000 was repaid over 18 years with
each party making equal contributions. Insofar as the balance of S$139,000 was
concerned, the Court of Appeal noted that the evidence as to payments was
conflicting but eventually agreed that the fairer view would be that the
parties made substantially equal contributions towards the purchase price of
the matrimonial home. The question then was what impact the parties’ other
financial and indirect contributions made to their entitlements to a share of
the matrimonial home. The Court of Appeal noted that the husband had paid for
4 years of the daughter’s medical course at university together with some
other contributions to household expenses. That said, L P Thean JA (delivering
the grounds of judgment of the Court of Appeal) also noted at [23] that the
wife claimed that throughout the marriage she was the one who shouldered the
bulk of the household expenses, did most of the housework, and looked after
the welfare of the family. In particular, it was noted that “her earnings over
that period were significantly higher” and that she was the one who “was able
to provide the family with a comfortable living by paying for their overseas
holidays, purchases of cars and branded goods.” On the facts of that case, it
was clear that the husband’s income was meagre. Nevertheless, the Court of
Appeal agreed that the husband’s indirect contributions had to be recognised,
and stated at [26] that “he did what his level of income permitted him to, and
he paid for the lesser expenses.” As far as indirect (non-financial)
contributions were concerned the Court of Appeal at [27] accepted that the
wife, being a school teacher, would likely have had more time to spend with
the family and children whereas the husband, who worked as a clerk (on a nine-
to-five basis) would not have been as likely to spare the time. On this basis,
the actual holding was that the District Court had been too generous to the
husband and had given him too much credit for his financial contributions
towards the daughter’s education, _etc_. These were said to hardly match the
level of input of the wife. For this reason, the Court of Appeal allowed the
appeal and awarded the wife 60% of the matrimonial home (rather than equal
division). Counsel for the appellant in the present case submitted that the
effective uplift in respect of indirect contributions was 15%. In actual fact,
it would appear that the uplift was closer to 10% since the Court of Appeal
had opined that the correct percentages for the direct contributions was 55%
to the husband and 45% to the wife.

99 Whilst the percentage attributable to the indirect contributions in _Lim
Choon Lai_ appears to be 10%, it bears repeating that the task the court faces
in determining what is a fair and equitable division is not to be equated with
a mathematical exercise. The Court of Appeal did not in fact discuss the
impact of the indirect (non-financial) contributions in terms of percentages.
What was said at [27] was that the wife probably had more time to spend with
the family and children whereas the husband, because of his fixed hours of
work, would not have been as likely to spare the time. With due respect, this
statement is somewhat ambiguous. At the very least, it is unclear as to
whether the Court of Appeal accepted that the husband had made little or
negligible non-financial indirect contributions. Indeed on the facts (as
reported), the Court of Appeal at [24] did note that the husband had asserted
that because the wife was busy with her career, he did most of the housework
and was the main caregiver for the children.

100 In any case, in the case at hand, it is clear that the respondent bore the
brunt of the household expenses throughout the 19 years or so when the parties
were cohabiting and that she was very likely the main (if not sole) caregiver
to the daughter. It is accepted that the appellant may have provided some
monies from time to time: but there can be little doubt that the respondent’s
job and income were the backbone of the family’s resources. Not only did the
respondent take care of the majority of household expenses, it is clear that
she played the leading role in raising the daughter. In saying this, this
court is well aware that there is no evidence from outside of the family (_ie_
, parties other than the appellant, the respondent, and the daughter) as to
the nature of the familial relationship when the appellant was staying at the
matrimonial home. The daughter’s affidavit, whilst strongly supportive of the
respondent’s averred role, must be given its proper weightage: the evidence
has not been tested by cross-examination and the appellant has also asserted
that he did play his part in taking care of the family. That said, the
objective facts (in the appellant’s AAM) show and reveal that during the years
of marital co-habitation, the appellant did serve time in prison, was an
undischarged bankrupt for a substantial part of that period, and held numerous
jobs including some (covering a 2-year period) that were merely labelled as
“doing odd jobs”. This does not necessarily mean that the appellant did not
attempt to fulfil his role as a father. It does not, however, inspire
confidence. Thus, whilst I am prepared to accept that the appellant did
perform some family duties including taking the respondent’s father to
hospital when the latter suffered a heart attack, occasional contributions
towards Chinese New Year expenses, a few overseas trips to Penang, Kuala
Lumpur and Batam, and occasionally fetching the daughter to and from school,
the bulk of the efforts in this regard, likely came from the respondent.

101 In _Lim Choon Lai_ , the Court of Appeal found that the husband
contributed less by way of indirect financial contributions, but this was
because he earned far less. The Court of Appeal accepted at [26] that the
husband did what his level of income permitted him to and he had paid for
lesser expenses. These lesser expenses, it must be said, included 4 years of
tuition fees for the daughter’s medical course at university. In the present
case, the evidence as to the appellant’s indirect contributions is, at best,
thin. In addition, the appellant left the matrimonial home over 18 years ago
during which time he failed to provide the respondent with any maintenance at
all: whether for her personal expenses or by way of upkeep of the matrimonial
home.

Tai Neok Lian

102 In _Tai Neok Lian_ the parties divorced after a 28-year marriage. There
were two children. The District Court found that the direct contributions to
the matrimonial home were 53.3% (wife) and 46.7% (husband). The District Court
also found at [15] that the wife’s indirect contributions to the welfare of
the family and taking care of the children and their needs were rather
considerable and far outweighed whatever indirect contributions made by the
husband. In this case, the wife wanted to retain the matrimonial flat and, in
return, she was prepared to refund his CPF account the monies used by him for
the purchase together with the accrued interest plus an additional sum of
S$20,000 in cash. She was also prepared to waive maintenance for herself.
Alternatively, the wife proposed that the matrimonial home be divided 80:20 in
her favour together with a further lump sum of S$40,000. District Judge
Jocelyn Ong, in this case, found that the wife’s first proposal was fair and
that it would mean that she was effectively being awarded 17.2% for her
indirect contributions in looking after the home and bringing up the children.
The appellant urges me to take this case as an indicator that even in long
marriages the uplift to be accorded in respect of indirect contributions
should be no higher than about 20%. Even if I was to accept that _Tai Neok
Lian_ is authority in support of that proposition, it is important to stress
that there is no principle of law that even in long marriages the maximum for
indirect contributions (in terms of effect on division of matrimonial assets)
is about 20%. In any case, the decision in _Tai Neok Lian_ rested on the
proposal made by the wife: a proposal which counsel for the respondent in the
present case, rightly stresses was regarded as one that was more than fair to
the husband. In fact, the learned District Judge went out of her way to say at
[18] that the proposal was “quite generous”.

103 Of greater relevance to the present case is the learned District Judge’s
holding at [19] that while she did consider the fact that the wife had more
assets than the husband (in CPF monies and savings), she “accepted that those
assets were accumulated by the wife’s own hard work and were not due in any
way to the husband’s contribution.” In the present case, it is clear that the
fact that the respondent is today in a more comfortable financial position as
compared to the appellant has nothing to do with anything that the appellant
has done. Indeed, the affidavit evidence suggests that the respondent has done
“well” _in spite of_ the appellant and _not because of_ his assistance.

BCB

104 The third case relied on by the appellant (summarised briefly above at
[84(c)]) is _BCB_. This was a case where the marriage lasted 15 years. The
High Court held that a fair award for indirect contributions of the wife was
5%. This was a case where there were three children of the marriage (aged 18,
14 and 9 at time of the hearing). In the High Court, Lee Seiu Kin J awarded
joint custody with care and control to the wife and reasonable access to the
husband. The High Court found that the husband, who was self-employed, earned
about S$7,000 per month. The wife was earning a net income of S$4,350 per
month. Nominal maintenance was awarded to the wife. There were two properties
forming the matrimonial assets. The High Court ordered both properties to be
sold and the net sale proceeds to be divided in the proportion of 30% to the
husband and 70% to the wife.

105 The High Court, in this case, found that the ratio of direct contributions
by the husband and wife was 34.9:65.1. As for the indirect contributions, the
High Court awarded an extra 5% to the wife on account of:

(a) the length of the marriage (15 years to the separation in 2006);

(b) the birth of three children;

(c) the fact that the husband had been “as much involved in the upbringing of
the children as the Wife”;

(d) the fact that the husband travelled frequently during which time the wife
had to care for the children on her own; and

(e) that when the husband’s business was not doing so well, the family relied
principally on the wife’s income.

106 On appeal (see _BCB v BCC_ [2013] 2 SLR 324 (“ _BCB (CA)_ ”)), Phang JA
(who delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal) held that too much
emphasis had been placed on direct contributions and that more attention
should have been paid to the husband’s indirect financial contributions. For
this reason, the Court of Appeal varied the division to 40% to the husband and
60% to the wife. In the court’s judgment, Phang JA, after surveying a number
of Singapore cases on the division of matrimonial assets for marriages lasting
ten years or longer in which both parties were working and in which the couple
had children, comments at [27] that the trend that emerged was that for:

… marriages of moderate lengths of time … or for marriages which have lasted
for a very long time … and where there are children to the marriage and both
parties are working and have made direct and indirect contributions to the
marriage, the courts would recognise _all_ these contributions _despite_
arguments to the effect that one party had made _more direct_ financial
contributions. [emphasis in original]

107 The appellant, in this case, cites the _BCB (CA)_ decision in support of
the argument that an additional 5% award to the respondent for her indirect
contributions was “not unjust” applying the broad brush approach, considering
the respondent’s superior present financial position, the age of the
appellant, his ill health and the apparent fact that he has no other assets.
With respect to counsel’s submission, this court is unable to accept that the
cases are comparable. In _BCB (CA)_ , the Court of Appeal observed that they
were dealing with a case where it was the wife who had provided greater direct
financial contributions and that it was the wife who had argued before the
court that the Judge was correct in taking that 65% direct contribution and
adding a “premium” of 5% for her indirect contributions. This was a case where
the husband was appealing.

108 A key issue was whether the High Court had given proper weight to the
Husband’s indirect contributions. On this, Phang JA, with respect, rightly
observes at [34] that regardless of who provides more direct contributions,
the court is bound to consider all direct as well as indirect contributions
furnished by both parties to the marriage “in a broad-brush fashion.” The
Court of Appeal in this regard held at [37] that whilst the husband’s indirect
contributions in a general sense (for example, his relationship with his
children) had been taken into account, the High Court did not take sufficient
account of the husband’s indirect financial contributions, _viz_ , his
substantial contributions to family expenses especially in the early years of
the marriage before the he fell on hard times. It was for this reason that the
Court of Appeal allowed the appeal and ordered the net sale proceeds to be
divided 40% to the husband and 60% to the wife.

109 It follows that _BCB (CA)_ is not authority or support for the proposition
that a 5% award to the respondent in the present case is “not unjust”. Indeed,
with respect, the submission that 5% might be just is quite remarkable in the
circumstances. In _BCB_ , the wife on appeal was defending the award (65.1%
for direct contribution plus 5% for indirect contribution). It was the husband
who was appealing on the basis that insufficient credit had been given for his
indirect financial contributions. The husband succeeded on a broad brush
basis. It is apparent that _BCB (CA)_ was ultimately decided on the basis that
both husband and wife had provided significant indirect contributions:
financial or otherwise. The fact that the end result turned on a 5% difference
does not mean that the Court of Appeal (or indeed the High Court) was stating
that in a moderate or long marriage direct contributions are more important
and that the weightage for indirect contributions are relatively less
important. Instead, what _BCB (CA)_ demonstrates is that in many marriages of
moderate or long length, both parties will have made substantial indirect
contributions: financial or otherwise. An assessment as to which party has
contributed more can be made even more difficult when each spouse makes
different forms of indirect contribution at different times according to his
or her circumstances and ability.

110 To take a trite example: an employed wife whose career has momentarily
fallen on hard times may not be able to contribute as much towards household
expenses or holidays and presents, _etc_. But this does not mean that she is
unable to contribute in other ways such as interaction with and care of
children, other family members and more. The reverse of course is equally
true. In _BCB (CA)_ , the Court of Appeal was not by any means saying that the
husband’s indirect contributions merited a mere 5%. Instead the Court of
Appeal was saying that on a _comparative_ basis, considering that both parties
were working and had contributed financially and in other ways, the value of
the husband’s indirect contributions had been relatively undervalued. _BCB
(CA)_ would be far more relevant in cases where the court finds that both the
husband and wife made substantial and consistent indirect contributions over a
long period of time. In the present case, I agree with the respondent
counsel’s submission that the parties’ indirect contributions were “not even
close to being equal.”

A summary of the case law as discussed above

111 Viewing the question of the division of matrimonial asset broadly, it
appears that the courts often approach the assessment of the parties’
contributions by starting with the direct contributions to the cost of
acquiring the assets and their improvements. In the case of the matrimonial
home, such as an HDB flat, this will usually comprise (i) the down payment (or
deposit), if any; (ii) any cash contribution; and (iii) the monthly payments
from CPF. In addition, monies spent on renovations (as opposed to routine
household expenses or consumables such as electricity, conservancy charges,
furniture, _etc_) are also relevant as these may (but not always) add value to
the property. In saying this, this court however repeats the earlier
observation that contributions (financial or otherwise) that are not directly
related to the cost of asset acquisition or improvement are also relevant
under s 112.

112 Where the court is determining the relative percentage for the division of
the matrimonial property, it goes without saying that what is important is the
percentage that is eventually determined. For example, suppose that the
husband is found to have contributed 60% in terms of direct contributions to
the deposit, repayments, and renovations. The wife has 40% direct
contributions. If, on a broad brush basis, the court assesses that the
indirect contributions in totality are about equal: it does not matter whether
the parties each contributed S$1,000 per month or S$20,000 per month. The
overall percentage will remain the same if the indirect contributions are (as
a whole) the same or closely similar. It will remain 60:40 or thereabouts.
_BCB (CA)_ appears to be just such a case where both parties made substantial
indirect contributions over a long period. What was in issue before the Court
of Appeal was the question whether the High Court had underestimated the value
of the husband’s indirect contributions. To answer that question, especially
on a broad brush basis, guided by justice and fairness, it is necessary to
consider his contribution in the context of the broadly assessed contributions
of his wife. It is this court’s view that this is the proper context for the
Court of Appeal’s decision in _BCB (CA)_. If this interpretation of _BCB (CA)_
is correct, it must follow that in cases where there is an obvious substantial
disparity in the indirect contributions, _BCB (CA)_ cannot stand as an
authority for the proposition that 5% is not unjust on the facts before the
court.

113 The court takes this opportunity to again repeat the point that s 112(2)
refers to the court’s _duty_ to consider a broad range of factors in
exercising its powers on division of matrimonial assets. As discussed above,
not all are concerned with financial contributions or contributions which can
be sensibly valued in monetary terms. For example, s 112(2)(_d_) directs the
court’s attention to “the extent of the contributions made by each party to
the welfare of the family, including looking after the home or caring for the
family or any aged or infirm relative or dependant of either party.” The WC
does not accord any bias in favour of any particular factor or set of factors:
financial or otherwise. Indeed, the list of factors, extensive as they are, is
not even exhaustive. The relative weight to be accorded to any factor or set
of factors must depend on the circumstances of each case and is guided by the
ultimate goal of reaching a just and equitable division.

114 It goes without saying that, when a marriage breaks down, it will not be
often that a “perfect” solution can be found when dividing matrimonial assets.
Even where the parties are able to negotiate a settlement, the settlement will
usually be based on compromise and concession. The longer the marriage, the
more complicated the task is likely to be. This does not mean that the
question of division can be determined by “judicial whim.” There are
principles to be followed and applied. One clear principle is that court must
take account of non-financial contributions and it cannot (indeed should not)
be assumed that these are to be accorded less weight than direct financial
contributions. Where both parties claim to have helped to care for the family
and household, the court must do its best to evaluate the merit of the
contributions. This is done on a broad brush basis and the court must be
careful not to devalue one party’s efforts (say, looking after the children)
simply because it was he or she who caused the break-up of the marriage. Non-
financial contributions (especially in a long marriage) will cover a broad
range of matters. They include: looking after and interaction with the
children, care of aged or infirm relatives or dependents (of either party),
running the household such as involvement in marketing, shopping, cooking of
meals, _etc_. Oftentimes, couples will consciously or sub-consciously
gravitate towards a natural division of time and labour. The husband may take
responsibility for weekend meals, the wife may undertake the weekday cooking,
both may do the groceries and washing of clothes, the wife may prefer to take
care of the garden whilst the husband may take an active part in taking the
children out for sporting activities. The permutations are endless and will
often change (and evolve) over time. That is why it is especially important to
take a broad brush approach with indirect contributions. Taking a broad brush
approach does not mean that the indirect non-financial contributions are to be
paid only lip-service. The case law makes clear that these contributions must
be given proper consideration.

When evidence is challenged

115 The practical difficulty, however, is that where the contributions
(financial and non-financial) are found solely in affidavits (and the exhibits
if any) that the judge may find it hard to reach a considered view: even where
a broad brush approach is taken. Much will depend on the quality of the
affidavit evidence. In any case, the affidavits must be read bearing in mind
that the assertions have not been tested by cross-examination. Resolving
conflicts as to indirect non-financial contributions on affidavits may not be
easy. In some cases, the court may well reach the view (notwithstanding
conflicts in the affidavits) that the parties’ indirect non-financial
contributions are broadly equal. In such a case, the extent and nature of the
financial contributions (direct or indirect) will obviously assume greater
importance in the overall assessment of what is just and equitable. In other
cases, the court may reach the view that one party has clearly undertaken the
lion’s share of the effort and responsibility in looking after the family and
household. In such a case, it would not be fair or just that the division of
the matrimonial assets is driven primarily by the percentages assessed for the
direct financial contributions. To do that will be to give inadequate weight
to non-financial indirect contributions: contributions which are just as real
as the repayment of monthly mortgage payments due, _etc_.

116 There will always be a residue of cases where the affidavit evidence does
not enable the court to reach any clear conclusion as to the parties’ indirect
contributions (financial or otherwise). It is of importance that parties and
their legal representatives prepare the affidavits with as much supporting
evidence so as to assist the court to reach a proper determination. To be
clear, no criticism is made of the affidavits in the present case although the
general concern of the learned District Judge has been noted. At [35] of the
GD the learned District Judge held that whilst he was not prepared to draw any
adverse inferences:

… both parties had not been upfront in disclosing some of the sums that they
were in receipt of. The discovery process had enabled both sides to unearth
more details. Nevertheless there were still gaps that remained unanswered by
both [parties] …

117 In those cases where the parties are in broad agreement that both have
made substantial and broadly equal indirect contributions, then this should be
made clear to the court. In other cases where there is no (or little)
consensus at all on indirect contributions, it must follow that the parties
should present the best evidence (in the circumstances) to substantiate the
assertions. In saying this, the court does recognise that in many marriages
there will be gaps in documentary records in terms of bills, receipts,
invoices, _etc_.

118 Where it is clear that a party has not been forthcoming or has concealed
relevant information as to his or her assets, means and contributions, the
court may have no alternative but to draw adverse inferences. As mentioned in
_Elements of Family Law_ at pp 529–530:

The Court of Appeal in _Wee Ah Lian v Teo Siak Wen_ [[1992] 1 SLR(R) 347]
stated that full and frank disclosure is important and, in its absence, the
court is entitled to draw adverse inferences adverse to the party who failed
to make full and frank disclosure.

...

The courts demonstrated readiness in several cases to make adverse inferences
where facts are proven to raise the suspicion that the party may have failed
to make fill and frank disclosure.

119 Compliance by the parties with their duty to make a full and frank
disclosure of information relevant to division and maintenance (for the
latter, see _Elements of Family Law_ at p 668) is critical to the court’s
ability and duty to reach a just and equitable conclusion. In a very real
sense, the duty is owed not just between the parties but is also owed to the
court.

120 That said even where the parties have been able to locate some invoices or
receipts, these documents may not indicate who paid or made the arrangements
for the service or goods to which the receipt or invoice relates. Bank
statements may be incomplete for a variety of reasons. In any case, such
statements are mainly helpful in establishing financial contributions (direct
and indirect). Documentary proof of contribution to housework, care of
children, _etc_ , would be rather unusual. Sometimes, photographs of family
events may be exhibited. In general, these will only provide a snapshot of a
single moment and may not help at all in drawing broader (general)
conclusions. Affidavit evidence from outsiders (friends, school teachers,
family doctors, religious counsellors such as a family priest, other family
members, _etc_) may help although the court will surely need to be wary of
possible bias (intentional or unintentional).

The law as applied to the present case

121 In the present case, this court agrees with the learned District Judge
that the affidavit evidence on the whole (and on a broad brush basis) supports
the respondent’s case that she was, at the very least, the principal caregiver
and homemaker during the marital period leading up to the appellant’s decision
to leave the matrimonial home in 1993. The indirect contributions (as a whole)
of the appellant at best appear to have been sporadic in nature. In saying
this, I am mindful of the view (mentioned above) that due emphasis should be
given to each party’s _efforts_ as well as the results. If a party has
contributed or made efforts to the best of his or her abilities (accepting
that this may be hard to determine in many cases), then the fact that his or
her efforts were “quantitatively” less because of his or her more limited
abilities or resources may be less significant as a negative factor on a just
and equitable basis, bearing in mind the admonition of the courts that marital
life is a partnership. To take a hypothetical example, a spouse who is
handicapped (confined to a wheel chair) but who looks after the children to
the best of his or her ability, notwithstanding the limitations imposed by his
or her handicap (such as being unable to take the children to school, to
participate in family play, family walks, perform housework, _etc_) should not
be “prejudiced” or “handicapped” as such when the court assesses the parties’
indirect contributions in terms of care of the family. The handicapped spouse
may have been able to contribute in other ways: reading to the children,
giving parental advice, playing board games with the children, using the
computer to maintain household accounts, to conduct on-line household banking,
preparation of annual tax returns, _etc_. In such a case, the fact that the
handicapped spouse put in his or her best _efforts_ is rightly an important
factor when using the broad brush approach in assessing the indirect
contributions. The fact that the able-bodied spouse was able to do more, in
this hypothetical, especially in terms of routine physical chores including
household shopping, _etc_ , does not mean that the court is unable to take the
view that both have made substantial indirect contributions which, broadly
speaking, are equal. Of course the fact that the other spouse also has to
spend time and resources caring for the handicapped spouse is a factor which,
in all fairness, is likely to result in the court recognising that, overall,
the able-bodied spouse’s contributions were higher. But, in doing this, the
court should be careful not to devalue the best efforts of the handicapped
spouse.

122 Bearing in mind the above, I found the decision of Woo Bih Li J in _Yam
Lai Lin Angeline v Campbell Harvey Llewellyn_ [2010] SGHC 102 instructive. In
that case, the matrimonial division concerned the matrimonial home (an HDB
flat). The learned judge began with the principle (noted earlier) that the
apportionment should be made first and that the parties should then use their
respective shares to reimburse their own CPF accounts and interest. The
parties were married for about 21 years. There were two children. In 1997, the
wife obtained a personal protection order against the husband (by consent).
This order was rescinded in February 1998 (also by consent). In June 1998, the
wife obtained another personal protection order for herself and their 8-year
old son. The parties were eventually divorced in 2004. The ancillary
proceedings in that case took a long time and were only heard by the District
Court in 2009. Before the District Judge, the wife sought apportionment of
80:20 in her favour. The husband sought a 50:50 division. The District Judge
found in favour of the wife. The husband appealed. Woo J referred to the
District Judge’s finding that the wife’s direct contributions was S$48,187.50.
The evidence as to the husband’s direct contributions was very thin and
inadequate. The District Judge had no alternative but to find that the husband
had not made a frank and full disclosure and that an adverse inference was to
be drawn in assessing his direct contributions in determining the appropriate
percentages.

123 Turning to the indirect contributions, the District Judge noted, _inter
alia_ , the following (which Woo J referred to at [22]): (i) the husband’s
repeated acts of violence (personal protection orders); (ii) an affidavit
filed by the daughter (then aged 22) corroborating the wife’s assertion of
violence by the husband as well as the fact that the wife had brought up the 2
children single-handedly and had protected the children from the husband. As
for the direct financial contributions, Woo J found (after allowing the
husband to file an affidavit on his contributions) that the husband’s direct
financial contributions were in fact slightly higher than the wife’s direct
financial contribution (43% to the wife and 57% to the husband). Nevertheless,
Woo J’s conclusion was that “bearing in mind the parties’ indirect
contributions and the poor and irresponsible conduct of the Husband in
discharging all his responsibilities as a husband and father”, the District
Judge was correct in apportioning the sale proceeds 80:20 for the wife and
husband respectively. In effect, the Court had assessed the indirect
contributions as justifying an uplift of 37% to her share of the matrimonial
home.

124 In the present case, whilst the respondent did not seek or apply for
personal protection orders, she has made assertions (in her affidavits) that
whenever she asked the appellant for money that it would usually escalate into
a fight and that the appellant would become violent. A police report (dated 28
November 1986) was exhibited in which a complaint was made that the appellant
had punched the respondent and threatened to throw acid on her face. No
charges were preferred and the appellant was not prosecuted. The respondent
has also asserted that on the day that the appellant left the matrimonial
home, there had been an altercation between the appellant and the daughter
which resulted in the respondent’s sister being stabbed with a pair of
scissors. The police were called and the appellant was kept overnight at the
police station. Thereafter, he left the matrimonial home. Once again, no
charges were actually preferred. The response of the appellant to his
conviction for embezzlement in 1982 and the alleged acts of violence is quite
revealing. In respect of the conviction, the appellant states in his third
affidavit that the investigating officer had told him “just to say that [he]
embezzled the money to pay for ‘gambling debts’ when [he] tried to explain
that [he] took the money for expenses for [himself] and [his] family.” The
appellant added that he did not have legal representation and agreed to
“whatever the IO told [him].”

125 This attempted explanation is far from satisfactory and is not credible.
Insofar as his bankruptcy is concerned, the appellant “explains” in his third
affidavit that the bankruptcy was initiated by his former employer sometime
after his prison sentence and that he was declared bankrupt in 1984 and was
discharged from bankruptcy in 1999.

126 In respect of the alleged acts or threats of violence, the appellant in
the same affidavit admits raising his voice when he lost his temper but he
asserts that he never hit or physically abused the respondent or the daughter.
He asserts that if had done so, the respondent and the daughter would have
left the matrimonial home and/or applied for a personal protection order. He
also asserts that he was unaware that the respondent had made what he calls a
“false police report” in 1986. With respect, the fact that the wife did not
apply for a personal protection order is hardly evidence supporting the
appellant’s assertion that the acts of violence did not take place. A decision
to apply for such an order or to press criminal charges is a very serious
matter – especially in a matrimonial setting where the goal must be to make
the marriage work.

127 The only other evidence before this court on the family relationship is
the two affidavits filed by the daughter. As mentioned earlier, the daughter’s
affidavits support the respondent’s position. Indeed in her first affidavit,
she refers to an occasion when the appellant in a “drunken rage” used a
“parang” to “chop” an overnight bag which the respondent had prepared.
Overall, the daughter states that she has no recollection of growing up with a
father. In response to the daughter, the appellant filed another affidavit in
which he makes general denials of involvement in gambling and being an abusive
and absent father, _etc_. Whilst he admits that he spent a night at the police
station, he is quick to add that the fact that he only spent a night at the
police station and was released the next morning “clearly shows that [he] did
not hurt the [daughter] or the [respondent’s sister] as alleged.” Instead he
describes the incident “merely as a family dispute in which no one got hurt.”
Whilst a detailed examination of the allegations made by the parties is
unlikely to be helpful, I am in full agreement with the learned District
Judge’s holding at [32] of the GD that the evidence of the wife and daughter
was (especially when viewed broadly or in the round) much more credible and
that the complaints about the husband indulging in gambling, drinking, _etc_ ,
were more likely to be true as these were also borne out by the daughter. The
appellant’s assertion in his affidavit, in reply to the daughter, aside from
setting out specific denials, states his belief that the appellant had
brainwashed her and had influenced her to think that he was a “bad and violent
father who did not care about her.” This may be the appellant’s belief. The
court, however, notes that the daughter, who swore two affidavits in support
of the appellant, was 37 years of age at the time of making of her affidavits,
married, and employed as a senior marketing manager at a well-known bank.

128 In the circumstances, I am in agreement with the holding of the learned
District Judge at [31] of the GD that the appellant had not contributed “much”
towards the family during the period when he was living at the matrimonial
home. As for the years between 1993 (when he left the matrimonial home) up
till the divorce in 2012, there is no doubt that he did not provide any
monetary support to the wife or the daughter. Indeed there appears to have
been little contact at all during that period. In respect of this period, the
main point made by the appellant is that the respondent has enjoyed the
matrimonial home, rent free, for many years whereas he has stayed in a room
rented from a female friend who was his landlord and (according to him) a very
occasional relief taxi driver. That he stayed with the female friend does not
appear to be in dispute. Whether it was subject to rent is a matter in
dispute. The assertion of the appellant that he pays rent (whether commercial
or by way of token) at best is nothing more than a bare assertion.

129 As a matter of law, there is no doubt that the HDB property in question
was the matrimonial home. This court notes the dispute as to the direct
contributions but finds no reason to upset the learned District Judge’s
holding at [33] of the GD that “accepting the wife’s evidence”, the appellant
paid about 42% towards the flat whilst the respondent paid about 58%. The
learned District Judge would have been fully entitled to find that the
respondent’s indirect contributions merited a substantial impact on the
overall award. Indeed, his finding at [33] was that the respondent was
entitled to “at least another 50% to 60%” given the length of the marriage
with one child of the marriage. On this basis the respondent would be entitled
to the entire interest in the matrimonial home.

130 Whilst this court would have gravitated towards an assessment of about 40%
for the respondent’s indirect contributions, it does not as a whole, disagree
with the learned District Judge’s order. Even on that more conservative basis,
the respondent’s share on a mathematical basis would approach some 98%. The
court in any case reminds itself that division of matrimonial assets must not
to be reduced to a mathematical exercise of addition, subtraction and
percentages. A holistic approach must be taken.

131 The court is bound to take note that the appellant has not provided any
monetary support for the respondent since about 1993. Since her retirement in
2001 the respondent’s principal source of income comes from the rental of the
matrimonial home. The rental started in 2010. Whilst the respondent is
presently staying with her married daughter the fact remains that if she has
to find a place of her own, she would likely have to move back to the
matrimonial home. In that eventuality she would lose or have a severely
reduced income. The appellant is staying at the home of his female friend
[XY]. Whether she is a mistress does not really matter. He has been staying
with her for most of the time since he left the matrimonial home in 1993. He
is still working as a taxi driver. His landlord and female friend is his
registered relief driver. The extent to which she helps as a relief driver is
in dispute.

132 The court accepts that at 62, the appellant is no longer young and that he
has certain health problems. It is also noted that the doctor’s memorandum
states (albeit in 2012) that the conditions were under control although it
noted that the appellant himself asserted that when he drives often or for
long durations, his blood pressure rises. This is not a statement from the
doctor that the appellant is unfit to drive long hours or more frequently.
There is not even a medical statement showing how long hours of driving
increase the appellant’s blood pressure. It is in reality nothing more than an
unsubstantiated statement from the appellant himself that he notices that his
blood pressure would rise. This court is unable to place much weight, if any,
on this; aside from taking note of the appellant’s age, the fact that he does
have hypertension, hyperlipidaemia and diabetes and that on 30 November 2012,
the examining doctor reported that his “conditions were mostly well
controlled” and that the appellant was regular in his follow up appointments.

Maintenance

133 Finally, as for maintenance, this court notes that whilst the learned
District Judge did not make any separate award for maintenance (backdated or
prospective), the respondent’s claim was effectively “absorbed” into his
decision to allow the respondent to retain the accrued rental income of some
S$83,000. Bearing in mind that the appellant had not provided any financial
support since his departure in 1993, the respondent’s present financial
position (needs, commitments and expenses), I am unable to conclude that the
learned District Judge had made any error or mistake in his decision to award
the respondent the matrimonial home with no cash consideration or refund of
the appellant’s CPF monies used and the accrued interest.

Conclusion

134 These ancillary proceedings concern the division of a matrimonial asset
(and maintenance for the respondent). The marriage (or more than 30 years) is
long: but in reality, the matrimonial home over which much has been said
ceased to be a matrimonial _home_ a very long time ago. The HDB flat in
question is of course still a matrimonial asset of the long failed marriage.
The parties are now senior citizens. The respondent is retired whilst the
appellant still works as a taxi driver (albeit there is a dispute over his
actual working and earning capacity in the light of his age and health). In
the circumstances this court agrees with learned District Judge’s conclusion
that a clean break was in the best interest of the parties. The order of the
learned District Judge is just and equitable and the appeal is accordingly
dismissed.

135 Given that the respondent has succeeded in the appeal, the appellant is
ordered to pay costs to the respondent.

* * *

[note: 1]RA vol 2, Part 1, p 50.

[note: 2]RA vol 2, part 1, p 149.

[note: 3]RA vol 2, part 2, p 475.

[note: 4]RA vol 2, part 2, p 420.

[note: 5]RA vol 2, part 2, p 269.

[note: 6]RA vol 2, part 1, p 163.

[note: 7]RA vol 2, part 1, p 299.

[note: 8]RA vol 2, part 1, p 275.

[note: 9]RA vol 3, p 570.

[note: 10]RA vol 3, p 564.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Dec 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

