Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Cleantech Partners Hangzhou Pte Ltd and another _v_ Han Cheng Fong and
others  
[2013] SGHC 52

Case Number| :| Suit No 266 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 February 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chan Kia Pheng, Harpal Singh, Tan Wei Ming and Favian
Kang (KhattarWong LLP) for the plaintiffs; Anthony Lee Hwee Khiam and Pua Lee
Siang (Bih Li & Lee) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Cleantech Partners Hangzhou Pte Ltd and another — Han Cheng Fong
and others  
  
27 February 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The first plaintiff, Cleantech Partners Hangzhou Pte Ltd (“CTPHZ”), is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the second plaintiff, Cleantech Partners Pte Ltd
(“CTP”). The first defendant, Dr Han Cheng Fong (“Han”), is a former chairman
and former director of CTPHZ. The second defendant, Mr Low Soo Chee (“Robin”),
and the third defendant, Ms Liew Sok Kuan (“Christine”), are former directors
of CTPHZ and CTP. Han, Robin and Christine, who will collectively be referred
to as “the defendants” for convenience, are presently the directors of the
fourth defendant, International Eco-City Pte Ltd (“IEC”).

2 This case concerns CTPHZ’s participation a low-carbon eco-park project in
Hangzhou, China, known as the “Hangzhou Singapore Eco-Park development
project” (“the Hangzhou project”). The plaintiffs asserted that the defendants
breached their statutory and fiduciary duties as their directors and that the
defendants conspired to use unlawful means to divert the Hangzhou project from
them to IEC. The defendants denied these charges.

Background

3 The founder directors of CTP, a Singapore company, are Mr Teo Chong Nghee
Patrick (“Patrick”), Mr Lim Shih Hsi (“Richard”), Mr Michael Heng Swee Hai
(“Michael”) and Robin.

4 In late 2009, CTP collaborated with a Chinese company, Hangzhou Vanwarm
Holdings Group Ltd (“Vanwarm”), to develop the Hangzhou project. This project,
which is managed by the Hangzhou Qianjiang Economic Development Area
Management Committee (“HQEDA”), is intended to showcase clean and
environmentally friendly technological innovations.

5 CTP’s founder directors invited Han to participate in the Hangzhou project
because of his expertise in the property market in Singapore and China. Han
was a former Chief Executive Officer of Fraser & Neave Ltd and a former Deputy
Chairman of DBS Land. Han arranged for Christine, a former real estate sales
executive from Frasers Centrepoint Limited, to be involved with the Hangzhou
project.

The 1 March 2010 Meeting

6 Han wanted to have the terms of his participation in the Hangzhou project
recorded in a shareholders’ agreement. In early March 2010, CTP’s founder
directors, Han, Christine and Cleantech Ventures Asia Pte Ltd (“CTVA”), a
company controlled by Patrick and Richard, signed a document (“the 1 March
document”). Han asserted that the 1 March document was a shareholders’
agreement but Patrick, Richard and Michael insisted that it was not.

7 Apart from giving shares and offering directorships in CTP to Han and
Christine, the 1 March document provided, _inter alia_ , that Han would become
the chairman and a director of a new subsidiary of CTP, subsequently named
CTPHZ, which was to be set up to roll out the Hangzhou project. The 1 March
document also stipulated that profits from the Hangzhou project would be
shared between CTP and CTPHZ in the proportion of 33% and 67% respectively. Of
the 67% intended for CTPHZ, 33% would be shared by its directors while the
remaining 67% would be distributed to CTPHZ’s management, headed by Han, at
his sole discretion. The 1 March document further provided that any “change to
the above Resolutions shall require unanimous decision of the board of
directors of CTP”.

Tripartite agreement between HQEDA, CTP and Vanwarm

8 On 23 March 2010, CTP entered into a tripartite agreement with HQEDA and
Vanwarm (“the Tripartite Agreement”) to collaborate on the preparation of a
master plan for and the development and promotion of the Hangzhou project.

Han declines to take part in fund-raising for CTP

9 Shortly after agreeing to helm CTPHZ, Han disagreed with Patrick, Richard
and Michael over CTP’s fund raising efforts for its business. On 24 March
2010, the Business Times reported that CTP was “dipping its toes into
potential deals, including a coal gasification project in Indonesia, a wind
farm project in Vietnam and a solar panel installation business in China”
(“the BT Report”). Han thought that the BT Report, which was published after
Patrick, Richard and Michael had been interviewed, portrayed CTP as a
substantial company when it merely had one project, namely the Hangzhou
project. Concerned that such misstatements in the course of CTP’s fund raising
efforts for its business might tarnish his reputation, Han informed CTP’s
directors on 7 April 2010 that he would focus his attention on CTPHZ and not
sit on CTP’s board “so as not to stand in the way of [CTP’s] fund raising
efforts”. The directors of CTP accepted his stand.

Setting up of CTPHZ and appointment of Han as its chairman

10 On 1 April 2010, CTPHZ was incorporated. Han became its chairman. The other
directors were Robin, Patrick, Richard and Christine. Although the 1 March
document provided that Michael was to be on CTPHZ’s board, he was not
appointed as a director of CTPHZ.

Collaboration agreement with Vanwarm

11 On 31 May 2010, Han signed a collaboration agreement with Vanwarm on
CTPHZ’s behalf (“the Collaboration Agreement”). Under the Collaboration
Agreement, a joint venture company named “Hangzhou Vanwarm Cleantech Co Ltd”
(“HVC”) was to be set up and CTPHZ was guaranteed a profit of RMB130 million
from the Hangzhou project by Vanwarm. Furthermore, Vanwarm undertook to
arrange for Hong Kong Hong Jia Investments Co Ltd (“Hong Jia”) to lend CTPHZ
USD6 million to pay for CTPHZ’s 40% share of HVC’s registered capital of USD15
million (“the Loan Agreement”).

12 To be enforceable in China, the Collaboration Agreement had to be
registered with the appropriate governmental department there. However, this
was not done as Vanwarm wanted the said agreement to be confidential. As such,
whether CTPHZ would eventually receive the promised guaranteed profit of
RMB130 million from the Hangzhou project depended entirely on Vanwarm’s
generosity.

13 On 17 June 2010, HVC was incorporated in China. CTPHZ appointed Han and
Robin to HVC’s board. HVC’s other directors were Vanwarm’s chairman, Mr Liu
Hai (“Liu Hai”), Vanwarm’s general manager, Mr Chen Yang, and a Mr Zeng Jimin.

Deterioration of Han’s relationship with Patrick, Richard and Michael

14 In the meantime, Han’s relationship with Patrick, Richard and Michael
rapidly deteriorated. While Patrick, Richard and Michael contended that Han
was egotistical and overly protective of Christine, Han said that by August
2010, he had discovered that Patrick and Richard were planning to deprive him
and Christine of their rights under the 1 March document and to remove him
from his posts in CTPHZ. Without the knowledge of Patrick and Richard, the
emails sent by them to each other and to Robin about sidelining or getting rid
of Han were handed over by Robin to Han and Christine at the material time.

15 Han also discovered by August 2010 that Patrick and Richard were trying to
sell their CTP shares to a Malaysian company, Bintan Kindenko Corporation
Berhad. This was contrary to the understanding with HQEDA and Vanwarm that the
Hangzhou project was to be a China-Singapore project. Between June and August
2010, emails were exchanged between Patrick, Richard and others which showed
that Patrick and Richard were hoping by the sale of their CTP shares to, in
their own words, “get rid of [Han] and [Christine]”. It was also made clear in
the said emails that “[they were] going to be ruthless” when dealing with Han.
The proposed sale of CTP’s shares did not materialise. According to Patrick,
the sale did not materialise because Han and Christine were not interested in
the deal and he was informed that “the regulators in the Kuala Lumpur Stock
Exchange were unfriendly to Chinese projects”.

16 Han thought that his interests would be better protected if he was
appointed to the CTP board, as had been envisaged in the 1 March document. He
emailed CTP’s company secretary, Mr Ng Chee Tiong (“Ng”), to arrange for his
appointment as the deputy chairman and a director of CTP but no action was
taken on his request.

17 On 25 August 2010, Han instructed Ng to ask all CTPHZ directors to disclose
their directorships. In an email dated 5 September 2010, Patrick informed the
other CTPHZ directors that he would address the issues raised by Han with Ng
in a “memo to CTP members” at a later date.

18 On 18 September 2010, Christine and Robin formed a new company, Green
Solutions @ ARB Pte Ltd, which changed its name to IEC on 20 January 2011.

CTPHZ board meeting on 29 September 2010 and Patrick’s response

19 On 24 September 2010, Han arranged for a meeting of CTPHZ’s board to be
held on 29 September 2010. After receiving the notice for the said meeting,
Patrick emailed Richard and Robin on 27 September 2010 as follows:

I ask both of you for your support not to attend the meeting... if any of us
do, it is the break up of CTP... pls believe me.

Every time we attend a Board meeting, we risk making a mistake and [Han] has
already ... [planned] to catch us wrong footed.

20 Robin attended CTP’s board meeting on 29 September 2010 together with Han
and Christine. At this meeting, the board replaced the company secretary, Ng,
with Ms Sally Phuar (“Sally”) and changed the company’s registered address to
the new company secretary’s address. The board also confirmed that CTPHZ had
five directors, namely, Patrick, Richard, Han, Robin and Christine and that
one seat on the board was left vacant. The plaintiffs claimed that Han tried
to seize control of CTPHZ on 29 September 2010.

21 On 1 October 2010, Patrick instructed Ng to retain CTPHZ’s records until
further notice because the majority of CTP’s board did not agree to the change
of CTPHZ’s company secretary.

22 On 5 October 2010, Han sent an email to Patrick, part of which is read as
follows:

I now regret very much being involved with the likes of you and Richard, but
_having committed to this project especially to our Chinese partners, I now
have no choice but to see this project to the end_. This is my commitment to
Mr Liu Hai and Vanwarm and I will fulfil it. _But I will do all I can to
ensure that the two of you stay within the law, observe good governance and
meet our obligations to our Chinese partners._ I have enough documentary proof
of what you have been up to in the last few months and I have communicated
these to Mr Liu Hai and his people in Vanwarm. [emphasis added]

23 On 6 October 2010, Patrick emailed Han and said that he had neither the
time nor the passion to spar with the latter. He also reserved his comments on
Han’s views on corporate governance.

Sacking of Han on 12 October 2010

24 On 12 October 2010, Patrick caused an Extraordinary General Meeting of
CTPHZ to be held to remove Han and Christine as directors of CTPHZ with
immediate effect. At the said meeting, Michael was appointed a director of
CTPHZ. On the same day, Patrick, Richard and Michael caused CTPHZ’s board to
approve a resolution removing Han as the company’s corporate representative on
HVC and to replace him with Patrick. No notice was given to Han of these
meetings on 12 October 2010. On 21 October 2010, Ng emailed to Han the
resolutions that dismissed the latter from his positions in CTPHZ. No reasons
were given for the dismissal.

25 On 28 October 2010, Patrick and Michael went to Hangzhou to discuss matters
with Vanwarm’s Liu Hai. According to Patrick, Liu Hai requested and he agreed
that Han and Robin be retained as HVC’s directors because HVC was then bidding
for land in the Hangzhou project and Chinese officials frowned on dealing with
companies beset with internal problems. As such, Han and Robin remained as
HVC’s directors for the time being.

Liu Hai’s attempt to mediate

26 Vanwarm’s chairman, Liu Hai, came to Singapore on 30 November 2010 to
mediate. Patrick, Richard and Michael claimed that they agreed on 2 December
2010 to reinstate Han and Christine to CTPHZ’s board in accordance with the
terms of the 1 March document. However, Han did not trust the trio and wanted
them to agree that he would not be dismissed again until after the completion
of the Hangzhou project. There being no agreement on this new matter, Han
served his writ in a related suit, namely, Suit No 908 of 2010 (“Suit 908”),
which concerns, _inter alia_ , his claim for wrongful dismissal from his
positions in CTPHZ on 3 December 2010.

27 Some two months after Han served his writ, HQEDA informed CTP and Vanwarm
in a “Letter of Notice” dated 31 January 2011 that HVC’s registered capital
was not in place by the agreed deadline of 31 December 2010 and that
construction work in the Hangzhou project had not started even though this
should have been done by the end of 2010. HQEDA extended the deadlines but
warned that if the new deadlines were not met, the Tripartite Agreement would
be terminated.

28 On 2 February 2011, Vanwarm terminated the Collaboration Agreement on the
ground of “internal problems at CTP”. Vanwarm had no right to do this but
CTPHZ did not challenge Vanwarm on this.

29 CTP and CTPHZ failed to inject their share of the requisite registered
capital of HVC by the extended deadline of 10 March 2011. On the very next
day, HQEDA informed CTP and Vanwarm that the Tripartite Agreement had been
terminated.

30 On 31 March 2011, Vanwarm terminated the Collaboration Agreement on a new
ground, namely, that there was no basis for the Collaboration Agreement since
HQEDA had terminated the Tripartite Agreement. On 3 April 2011, Hong Jia
terminated the Loan Agreement.

The dispute spawns two suits

31 The dispute between the parties spawned two suits. After Han instituted
Suit 908 and claimed, _inter alia_ , damages for wrongful dismissal, CTP and
CTPHZ commenced the present suit against the defendants for, among other
things, breach of fiduciary duties and conspiring to divert their interest in
the Hangzhou project to the fourth defendant, IEC. It was ordered that Suit
908 and the present suit be heard together.

My findings in Suit 908

32 My findings in Suit 908 that are relevant to the present suit may be
summarised as follows:

(a) Patrick, Richard, Michael, Robin, Han, Christine and CTVA entered into a
shareholders’ agreement on 1 March 2010 (“the shareholders’ agreement”), under
which it was agreed, _inter alia_ , that Han would be the chairman and a
director of CTPHZ;

(b) on the basis of the shareholders’ agreement and of his legitimate
expectations upon joining CTPHZ, Han was entitled, without more, to remain as
the chairman and a director of CTPHZ;

(c) Patrick and Richard conspired to have Han removed as the chairman and a
director of CTPHZ; and

(d) Patrick, Richard and Michael breached the shareholders’ agreement or
thwarted the shareholders’ understanding that created Han’s legitimate
expectation by wrongfully removing Han as chairman and director of CTPHZ on 12
October 2010.

Defendants’ duties of care, skill and diligence

33 The plaintiffs asserted that the defendants breached their duties of care,
skill and diligence by deliberately failing to meet crucial deadlines, which
led to the Letter of Notice from HQEDA on 31 January 2011. They also alleged
that the defendants failed to perform reasonable management tasks.

34 The plaintiffs’ assertion that the defendants deliberately failed to meet
deadlines was completely undermined by Patrick’s concessions at the trial. It
may be recalled that in the Letter of Notice, HQEDA complained that Vanwarm
and CTP had failed to meet the end December 2010 deadline for injecting
capital into HVC and for commencing construction work in the Hangzhou project.
Patrick agreed that as Han was dismissed on 12 October 2010, he could not have
taken measures to meet the original deadline of 31 December 2010 for the
injection of HVC’s capital. He testified as follows:

Q:And this registered capital had to be injected, or the first phase of this
capital injection had to be in place by December 31st 2010?

A:Correct...

Q:Dr Han was kicked out of [CTPHZ] on 12th October 2010.

A:Correct.

Q:So how can Dr Han be responsible for the non-fulfilment of CTP with regard
to these two requirements?

A:I accept that argument.

35 As for the commencement of construction work by the end of 2010, HVC
managed to acquire land in the Hangzhou project only in mid-December 2010,
_after_ Han had been already been dismissed from CTPHZ. There was no
suggestion that the defendants were responsible for the delayed acquisition of
the said land. In any case, it was the responsibility of HVC and not CTPHZ to
arrange for the commencement of construction work.

36 Patrick agreed that after Han had been dismissed on 12 October 2010, it was
CTP’s responsibility to ensure that Vanwarm meet HQEDA’s extended deadlines.
Although Richard wrote to Vanwarm about this matter on 26 February 2011, the
extended deadline for the injection of HVC’s capital was not met.

37 Notably, after the extended deadline for the injection of capital had
expired, CTP’s Chinese solicitors informed HQEDA in a letter dated 11 May 2011
that CTP had decided to delay the injection of funds for the registered
capital of HVC and requested a meeting with HQEDA to explain why it had
decided to do so. When cross-examined, Patrick conceded as follows:

Q:So CTP was in the wrong. CTP deliberately chose not to comply with the
deadline imposed by HQEDA in their warning letter. Am I not right?

A:This is just a very simple explanation of this last paragraph.

...

Q:... I’m just looking at that paragraph and it clearly says that you all
informed HQEDA that you all deliberately decided –– not to transfer the
capital into HVC.

A: _It was a convenient explanation to HQEDA at that time._

[emphasis added]

38 In short, the failure to comply with HQEDA’s original or extended deadlines
had nothing to do with the defendants, and the plaintiffs’ allegation that
lack of skill on the part of the defendants led to HQEDA’s Letter of Notice
and the eventual eviction of CTPHZ from the Hangzhou project did not get off
the ground.

39 As for reasonable management tasks, I found in Suit 908 that it was not
proven that Han failed to carry out reasonable management tasks required of
him. Robin and Christine acted under Han’s direction and it was also not
established that they failed to carry out reasonable management tasks in
relation to CTPHZ.

40 As the defendants were not responsible for CTPHZ’s failure to meet the
deadlines established by HQEDA and did not fail to perform reasonable
management tasks, the plaintiffs’ allegation that they breached their duties
to act with diligence, care and skill as CTPHZ’s directors was not
substantiated.

Whether the defendants breached their fiduciary duties

41 The plaintiffs alleged that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties
in a number of ways. First, they alleged that the defendants conspired against
them to divert the Hangzhou project to IEC. Secondly, they claimed that the
defendants poached their Japanese clients for IEC.

42 Unlike Robin and Christine, Han was not appointed as a director of CTP.
Despite this, the plaintiffs claimed that he owed fiduciary duties to CTP as
he was its shadow director. Section 4(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed) provides that a director includes “any person occupying the position
of director of a corporation by whatever name called and _includes a person in
accordance with whose directions or instructions the directors of a
corporation are accustomed to act_ and an alternate or substitute director”
(emphasis added). The plaintiffs contended that Christine acted in accordance
with Han’s wishes because she was effectively his mouthpiece. Whether or not
that is true, Patrick testified that the majority of CTP’s board, namely
himself, Richard and Michael, did not act in accordance with Han’s directions.
In view of this, Han is not CTP’s shadow director.

The alleged conspiracy

43 It is not easy to prove the existence of a conspiracy. In _R v Siracusa_
(1990) 90 Cr App R 340, the English Court of Appeal observed (at 349) that
“the origins of all conspiracies are concealed and it is usually quite
impossible to establish when or where the initial agreement was made, or when
or where other conspirators were recruited”. In _Asian Corporate Services
(SEA) Pte Ltd v Eastwest Management Ltd (Singapore Branch)_ [2006] 1 SLR(R)
901, Chao Hick Tin JA pointed out (at [19]) that it is not often that the
victim of a conspiracy has direct evidence to prove the allegation and that
proof of conspiracy is normally inferred from other objective facts.

44 In essence, the plaintiffs’ claim against the defendants for conspiracy was
that Han escalated the internal dispute within CTPHZ and instituted Suit 908
with the support of Christine and Robin to give Vanwarm a reason to divert the
Hangzhou project from CTPHZ to IEC.

Whether HQEDA and Vanwarm were involved in the alleged conspiracy

45 The plaintiffs asserted that HQEDA and Vanwarm were involved in the alleged
conspiracy but they had no evidence of this.

46 HQEDA did not terminate the Tripartite Agreement because of Han’s suit or
CTPHZ’s internal problems. In fact, on 31 January 2011, some two month _s
after_ Han had already commenced Suit 908, HQEDA extended the deadlines for
the injection of HVC’s registered capital. As mentioned, HQEDA terminated the
Tripartite Agreement on the ground that the requisite capital for HVC had not
been injected before the expiry of the extended deadline. As such, the
allegation that HQEDA was involved in the alleged conspiracy was not
substantiated.

47 As for Vanwarm, Liu Hai would not have asked Han on 17 November 2010 to
postpone the taking of legal action for wrongful dismissal if he had wanted to
harm CTP or CTPHZ. Liu Hai had asked for the said postponement to give himself
time to persuade the factions in CTPHZ to work together. Furthermore, Liu Hai
would not have come to Singapore in late 2010 to mediate if his company was
involved in the alleged conspiracy to oust CTPHZ from the Hangzhou project.
Admittedly, Vanwarm terminated the Collaboration Agreement on 2 February 2011
on the ground of CTPHZ’s internal disputes. However, it did not have the right
to do so and the plaintiffs could have challenged Vanwarm’s termination on
this ground. However, they did not. Vanwarm subsequently relied on HQEDA’s
termination of the Tripartite Agreement to terminate the Collaboration
Agreement on 31 March 2011. The plaintiffs claimed that it was Han who advised
Vanwarm to issue another termination notice but this was merely a bald
assertion.

48 When considering why the plaintiffs’ relationship with Vanwarm
deteriorated, it should not be overlooked that on 7 December 2010, Michael
threatened Liu Hai that CTP would terminate its relationship with Vanwarm. He
stated as follows in his email:

Firstly, I am very unhappy about your visit to Singapore this time to
interfere in the internal corporate management of CTP. Big Brother Liu, _this
is a kind of disrespect towards me! In fact, it is contempt! …_

In my opinion, your insistence that Mr Han should be re-appointed as director
of CTPHZ may be due to the fear that he will disclose the partnership between
us. _This is cowardly and selfish behaviour...._

I would like you to retract the demands that you have made on us. Mr Han will
not be resuming his position without my consent…

Big Brother Liu, please forgive me for my tone in this e-mail. _I am unable to
hold back my anger against such disrespectful behaviour._ I hope to have your
understanding. We will not be able to maintain a long-term partnership if
there is no mutual respect and trust between us.

_Please be prepared for our impending withdrawal of CTP._ Thank you!

[emphasis added]

49 Michael sent another abrasive email to Liu Hai on 10 December 2010. Part of
the email read as follows:

Now, you even went so far as to ask your subordinate Chen Yang to speak on
your behalf regarding the personal email I sent? What’s more, it was through
CTP! That was indeed utter disrespect to me! _Please contact me directly if
you are a man!_ There is no need to involve CTP in the personal matters
between us!

You are now aware that Dr Han has commenced action against CTP. Your
appearance has emboldened him....

_Dr Han’s accusation and the outcome of the project were brought about by you
singlehandedly. I will hold you responsible!_

[emphasis added]

50 In yet another offensive email to Liu Hai on 15 December 2010, Michael
continued to take a rather aggressive tone.

51 Patrick testified that the above-mentioned emails that Michael sent to Liu
Hai were “offensive”, “annoying” and “disturbing”. The defendants pointed out
that Michael’s three letters to Liu Hai on 7, 10 and 15 December 2010 would
have destroyed whatever goodwill Vanwarm, the paymasters for the Hangzhou
project, had for CTP and CTPHZ. Whether or not that is correct, the plaintiffs
have themselves to blame for the deterioration in their relationship with
Vanwarm. I find that it was not proven that the defendants involved Vanwarm in
the alleged conspiracy.

Whether the defendants conspired against the plaintiffs

52 As for the plaintiffs’ assertion that Han conspired with Robin and
Christine to file Suit 908 in order to evict CTPHZ from the Hangzhou project,
Patrick accepted that this was his own theory, which was not based on facts.
He testified as follows:

Q:You ... [asserted] that when Dr Han issued the writ in [Suit] 908, it was
for an ulterior motive, and that was to cause Vanwarm and HQEDA to terminate
the participation of CTP and CTP Hangzhou in the [Hangzhou project]... [S]how
us where is that evidence to support this allegation? ...

A:I don’t have documentary evidence but, to me, --- there is circumstantial
evidence and inference.

...

Q: _Yes, based on a theory, agree?_

A: _Well, you can call it a theory, yes._

._.._

Q:Okay, if it’s a theory, _it is a theory that is based on conjecture,
assumptions; it’s not anything that is based on fact. That’s your answer. Yes
or no?_

A: _Yes._

[emphasis added]

53 Michael’s evidence also did not advance the plaintiffs’ case on conspiracy
as he testified as follows:

Q:Where is your evidence to support the sweeping allegation ... that [Han] did
it purposely so that Vanwarm and HQEDA will terminate the agreements?

A:He did it purposely.

...

Q:Where is the evidence?

...

A: _Okay? I mean ... you ask me ... how his neuron operates, I ––– don’t
know._

Q: _So, it’s a conclusion made by you ––_

A: _Yes_.

[emphasis added]

54 As for whether Robin and Christine supported or approved of Han’s decision
to institute Suit 908, the plaintiffs admitted in their own pleadings that
they did not have personal knowledge of this matter. Patrick testified as
follows:

Q:... You went further and say that the launching of [Suit 908] was with the
consent and/or support of Robin and Dr Han ... and [Christine]. Any evidence
to support that?

A:The evidence is again by inference because they ... are part of a
clandestine group, a partnership... I don’t have any document ...

Q:No documentary evidence, right?

A:No, I don’t.

55 Both Robin and Christine denied that they supported or consented to the
institution of Suit 908. Their evidence was not effectively challenged. I thus
find that the allegation that they supported or approved of Han’s decision to
institute Suit 908 was not proven.

56 Han was clearly entitled to seek redress against the plaintiffs for the
wrongful dismissal. It did not follow that by asserting his own rights, Han
had caused or induced Vanwarm to terminate the Collaboration Agreement. In the
absence of adequate evidence, the allegations that Han instituted Suit 908 to
facilitate the diversion of the Hangzhou project from CTPHZ to IEC and that he
did this with the support and encouragement of Robin and Christine were not
proven.

The meetings on the master plan and the ground-breaking ceremony

57 The plaintiffs also relied on the attendance by the defendants at meetings
on the master plan for the Hangzhou project on 18 and 19 November 2010 (“the
master plan meetings”) and at the ground-breaking ceremony for the Hangzhou
project on 28 June 2011 as evidence of a conspiracy against them. According to
the plaintiffs, the defendants should not have attended the master plan
meetings and ground-breaking ceremony as none of them were CTPHZ’s directors
at the material times.

58 After Han and Robin had been dismissed from their positions in CTPHZ,
Patrick acceded to Liu Hai’s request that they remain as HVC’s directors so as
not to rock the boat while HVC was bidding for land in the Hangzhou project.
Han and Robin asserted that so long as they remained as HVC’s directors, they
had a duty to attend that company’s meetings and assist HVC in the
presentation of its master plan to HQEDA. On the other hand, Patrick said that
he had agreed that Han and Robin remain as directors of HVC in name only. He
testified as follows:

Q:And despite the fact that [you] had agreed with Liu Hai that [Han and Robin
remain] on the board of HVC and no action is taken by Liu Hai to remove them,
... and _they continued with their role as directors of HVC_. _So therefore
they are in breach of their fiduciary duties to [CTPHZ]. That’s in fact what
you are saying, isn’t it? Right?_

A: _Correct._

...

Q:Did you ... tell Dr Han and Robin, “Hey, you have been removed but ... at
the request of Liu Hai, we are agreeing that the two of you remain on the
board of HVC?

A:No. We did not tell them.

...

Q:...[Y]ou say that -, “Yes, we agree that they remained on Board but they are
just puppets. They are not supposed to do anything... They should not get
themselves involved in the [Hangzhou project]”

A:This is my stand, yes.

[emphasis added]

59 Patrick’s position on the limited role of Han and Robin in HVC is
untenable. Han rightly complained as follows:

I owe an obligation to attend the HVC meeting. For some strange reason at that
point of time, we found that the Chinese still retained us on the board, and
we didn’t know until I discovered in Patrick’s own affidavit, that he actually
agreed with Liu Hai to keep us on the board. And now [the plaintiffs] are
trying to twist the whole thing round as though we are in some kind of
conspiracy, in some kind of plot.

60 Han explained why he was in Hangzhou for the master plan meetings in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) (at para 180) as follows:

On 18 November 2010, I, Robin, Christine and [Vanwarm’s] representatives (Liu
Hai ....) had a meeting with Architect Bu Zhidong of Shenzhen Institute of
Building Research and his Assistant to discuss the master plan of the Hangzhou
Project, which would be submitted to HQEDA for approval. _Robin and I were
still members of the Board of HVC._ Notwithstanding my oral request to Liu Hai
[Vanwarm’s chairman] on or about 26 October 2010, Liu Hai ... insisted on
retaining Robin and me as Board Members of HVC and did not take any action to
replace us. Christine was and is a director of GreenTech, a 20% shareholder of
HVC. We had a duty to attend the meeting. I, Robin and Christine have never
concealed this meeting from CTP and CTPHZ ... as alleged. [emphasis added]

61 It is noteworthy that after attending the meetings on the master plan, Han
and Robin signed a HVC board resolution on 23 November 2010 that authorised
the company’s representative to bid for land put up for tender. This paved the
way for HVC to be allocated land for the Hangzhou project in December 2010.
Patrick conceded that the meetings on the master plan attended by Han and
Robin benefited HVC, of which CTPHZ is a 40% shareholder. He testified as
follows:

Q:[A]re you saying that the meetings of 18th and 19th November 2010 did not
result in the land being allocated to HVC in December of 2010?

A:I’m not saying that the meetings did not have a good result ...

Q:So did the meetings have a good result?

A: _The meeting had a good result, yes._

Q:Yes. _And it led to the allocation of the ... land to HVC, you accept that?_

A: _That’s ... the conclusion, yes._

[emphasis added]

62 Patrick’s admission that HVC benefited from the master plan meetings
attended by the defendants put paid to the plaintiffs’ case that the
defendants went to Hangzhou on 18 and 19 November 2010 for their personal
interests.

63 As for the ground-breaking ceremony for the Hangzhou project on 28 June
2011, Han explained that he attended the ceremony in his personal capacity as
an invited guest of Vanwarm. He stressed that he was not working for HQEDA or
Vanwarm but was “helping” them not for monetary gain but to get good
testimonials while doing business in China. In his own words, helping HQEDA
and Vanwarm was “beneficial for building relationships in China”.

64 Robin also attended the ground breaking ceremony as Vanwarm’s guest. He
produced a copy of Vanwarm’s invitation card to attend the said ceremony.
Similarly, Christine, who was invited by Vanwarm to attend the ceremony, also
produced a copy of the invitation card for the court’s inspection.

65 I find that the defendants’ presence at the ground-breaking ceremony on 28
June 2011 is insufficient evidence to prove that they were involved in a
conspiracy against the plaintiffs.

Whether the Hangzhou project was diverted to IEC

66 Although the plaintiffs alleged that the defendants breached their
statutory and fiduciary duties by diverting the Hangzhou project from CTPHZ to
IEC, the truth was that even a week before he was dismissed from CTPHZ, Han
was still counting on CTPHZ receiving its share of the guaranteed profit of
RMB130 million promised by Vanwarm. Significantly, in an email to Patrick on 5
October 2010, Han stated as follows:

Wise up, Patrick Teo. _Be contented with what we have agreed with Mr Liu Hai
and Vanwarm and wait patiently for the benefits from this joint venture to
roll in_. We only need to assist Vanwarm in realizing the goals of this
project. That is the most logical approach and not the crazy antics that you
keep spewing out. [emphasis added]

67 Han testified as follows that the Hangzhou project had not been diverted to
IEC:

Q:Did you benefit personally during this time from the [Hangzhou project]?

A:No, not at all.

Q:Or through IEC?

A: _... IEC has absolutely no connection with this project._

Q:From 12 October [2010] right up to today, does IEC have an interest in the
Hangzhou project?

A: _IEC had never any interest in the Hangzhou project._

[emphasis added]

68 Robin explained that IEC was involved in activities that did not compete
with the Hangzhou project. For instance, on 30 September 2010, Calframe
(Singapore) Pte Ltd appointed IEC as its authorised distributor for its
waterless urinal maintenance system as well as its bio-enzymatic cleaning and
washroom hygiene products. Furthermore, in March 2011, Dove Paint (Shanghai)
Ltd authorised IEC to market its products. Robin reiterated that IEC had not
participated in the Hangzhou project and that the defendants had not attempted
to divert the said project to IEC.

69 Patrick admitted that he had no evidence to prove that the Hangzhou project
had been diverted to IEC. The relevant part of the proceedings is as follows:

Q:[I]s your case that they only attempted or ... that they have completed a
diversion ... of this maturing business?

A:I have _no evidence to say they have completed the diversion of this
business_ because … [they] would be so secretive, it’d be put in a safe
deposit box.

Q:I’m glad that you admitted you have no evidence….

A:But _the only evidence_ , which [you] will say --- _is hearsay …._

[emphasis added]

70 Richard’s evidence on the alleged diversion of the Hangzhou project to IEC
was equally unhelpful to the plaintiffs’ case as he testified as follows:

Q:HVC has not been snatched away by my client, right? Right? Yes?

A:Er, yes, okay. Yah.

...

Q:Is IEC a new partner of Vanwarm in [the Hangzhou project]? ...

A:Yes.

Q:Where is the evidence?

A:Well, on – on this – evidence here, of course. We cannot prove then.

[emphasis added]

71 Official records in China showed that as at July 2011, CTPHZ was still a
40% shareholder of HVC. Neither CTP nor CTPHZ have taken any steps in China to
assert their rights as a shareholder of HVC, which owns land in the Hangzhou
project. When confronted with this fact, Patrick claimed that one could
conclude that Han had hijacked the Hangzhou project for IEC on the basis of
what he called “commercial creativity”. He testified as follows:

Q:[This document] confirms that [CTPHZ] is still a 40% shareholder of HVC. Do
you agree with me?

A:Yes, based on this…

Q:Then how could Dr Han, Robin and Christine divert or usurp or hijack the
[Hangzhou project] from [CTPHZ]? Please tell the Court.

A:Okay. Will you not tell me that I have a fertile imagination if I tell the
Court?

Q:Oh, so you gonna … [speculate]?

A:No, it’s not speculation, _it’s commercial ... creativity…._

[emphasis added]

72 When explaining as follows what he meant by “commercial creativity”,
Patrick spoke of a mere possibility, which was insufficient to prove his
allegations:

Here, HVC is shown to have US$15 million in capital ... and CTPHZ is shown to
have a 40% stake as at 8th July 2011, okay. Now, so CTPHZ presumably still
looks like it’s got its project and investment in the HVC. But hijacking can
take many forms…

The Chinese have a way of using a Singapore brand to get the piece of land.
They _probably_ got the land on their own, and they then will profit share
under the [Collaboration Agreement] into [HVC]. _And that’s a possibility._ So
if they don’t wish to put the profit share into this company, there’s no way
we can force the Chinese to meet their obligations. And if you don’t have a
relationship with them, the profit share _can_ be diverted elsewhere, and
that’s the point I am making.

[emphasis added]

73 Richard, who agreed that CTP continues to hold 40% of the shares in HVC,
offered the following unhelpful testimony regarding his unproven suspicion
that IEC stole the Hangzhou project from the plaintiffs:

Q:Is IEC a new partner of Vanwarm in the [Hangzhou project]?

...

A:Yes...

Q:Where is the evidence?

A:Well, _on the evidence here, of course, we cannot prove then._

...

Q... _You suspect, you think, you believe ... but you can’t prove?_

A _Yah_.

[emphasis added]

74 I thus find that it was not established that the defendants breached their
fiduciary duties by diverting the Hangzhou project to IEC.

Whether fiduciary duties were breached in other ways

75 The plaintiffs alleged that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties
by making improper use of information and opportunities derived from or
obtained in their capacity as directors. Patrick testified that this
allegation concerned the poaching of their Japanese investors. However, it was
not the plaintiffs’ pleaded case that any particular Japanese investor had
become their client and the court was left in the dark as to which Japanese
investor had been poached by IEC.

76 The background to this allegation regarding Japanese investors is as
follows. On 4 March 2010, CTP held a seminar in Singapore on the Hangzhou
project. Mr Takeshi Fujimoto (“Fujimoto”), an executive director of the Japan
Export Trade Organisation (“JETRO”), whose mission is to assist Japanese
companies to expand their international trade, attended the seminar. On 10 May
2010, Fujimoto emailed Richard and Patrick that the Japanese Ministry of Trade
and Industry (“METI”) and some Japanese companies were interested in the
Hangzhou project. On 28 July 2010, Robin, who was then a director of CTP and
CTPHZ, went to Tokyo for a presentation on the Hangzhou project to METI and
potential Japanese investors. According to the plaintiffs, a maturing business
opportunity was presented to them to bring Japanese businesses to the Hangzhou
project.

77 Shortly after Han and Robin had been removed as directors of CTPHZ, Robin,
Christine, Fujimoto and a team of Japanese company representatives visited
Hangzhou on 11 November 2010. Furthermore, on 17 to 19 February 2011, the
defendants went to Tokyo with representatives of Vanwarm and HQEDA to meet
representatives from JETRO, METI and Japanese companies regarding investment
opportunities in the _entire_ Qianjiang Economic Development Area, of which
the Hangzhou project was only a rather small part. This investment trip (“the
Tokyo trip”) was organised by Robin and Fujimoto at the request of Vanwarm’s
chairman, Liu Hai. According to the plaintiffs, the Tokyo trip evidenced the
hijacking by IEC of their commercial opportunity with the Japanese investors.

78 The defendants explained that the Tokyo trip was organised by HQEDA, which
wanted to promote the _entire_ Hangzhou Qianjiang Economic Development Area of
about 25.6 square kilometres. The Hangzhou project occupies less than half a
square kilometre. Their visit to Japan was at the request of HQEDA’s
representative, Mr Cai Yuchi, and Vanwarm’s chairman, Liu Hai, who wanted the
defendants’ assistance in making connections with Japanese companies working
through JETRO. At that time, Han and Robin were still directors of HVC and
they felt obliged to assist Vanwarm and HQEDA in their investment promotion
mission. However, Robin made it clear to HQEDA and Vanwarm that the defendants
were attending the Tokyo meeting as directors of IEC under Vanwarm’s banner.

79 To buttress their allegation that IEC was trying to poach their Japanese
clients, the plaintiffs relied on emails from one Mr Hitoshi Ikuma (“Ikuma”)
to Patrick before the Tokyo trip. However, Ikuma was not called by the
plaintiffs as a witness and the truth of the contents of his emails could not
be tested by cross-examination. In any case, the plaintiffs plainly
misinterpreted Ikuma’s emails. The relevant part of Ikuma’s email of 10
February 2011 read as follows:

.... Fujimoto san told me that [Hangzhou] mission will come to Japan on 17th
and 18th, February. Mission includes nine (9) persons, three from Hangzhou
development corporation, three from Vanwarm, _three from International Eco
City (used to be CTP)._ I would like to confirm following points.

Who will be dispatched from CTP?

_Did CTP change its name to International Eco City?_

Fujimoto san asked me if we hoped to have meeting with mission or not. I
answered “yes”. Is there any problem?

[emphasis added]

80 Michael claimed in his AEIC (at para 73) that it was “evidently clear” from
Ikuma’s above-mentioned email that the defendants had “misrepresented IEC as
CTP or as the replacement of CTP (as Vanwarm’s Singapore partner in the
[Hangzhou project])”. However, all that could be deciphered from Ikuma’s said
email was that he had the impression that IEC used to be CTP and that he had
asked whether CTP had changed its name to IEC.

81 The plaintiffs also claimed that the defendants announced at the Tokyo
meeting that IEC was CTPHZ’s successor in the Hangzhou project and that IEC
was Vanwarm’s investment partner. However, the plaintiffs’ own witness,
Fujimoto, testified that the defendants introduced themselves as IEC’s
representatives and it was not mentioned at the meeting that IEC was the
Singapore partner of the Chinese parties. Fujimoto also testified that to
date, no Japanese company has invested in the Hangzhou project or in the
Qianjiang Economic Development Area.

82 The plaintiffs went so far as to allege that IEC made a powerpoint
presentation at the Tokyo meeting and they produced a “PowerPoint Presentation
by [IEC] on [the Hangzhou project] dated 17 February 2011”. However, the
defendants testified that the presentation in question had not been prepared
by IEC. Richard admitted that the plaintiffs had no proof that the alleged
presentation had been prepared by IEC but he nonetheless testified as follows:

Q:Can you point out that these slides ... show that these were produced by IEC
and not anybody else?...

A:... I don’t want to challenge you on this because no point. It’ll waste ....
Court’s time... It’s obviously done by IEC.

Q: _You can’t do it but_ ... _you are ... asserting that it was IEC who
prepared these slides_?

A: _Yes_.

[emphasis added]

83 In the circumstances, the question of the poaching of the plaintiffs’
unnamed Japanese clients need not be considered further.

Non-disclosure of the incorporation of IEC

84 The plaintiffs also complained that the defendants breached their fiduciary
duties by failing to disclose that they had incorporated a competitor, IEC, on
18 September 2010.

85 Han cannot be blamed for this alleged non-disclosure for the simple reason
that he did not join IEC until two months after he had been dismissed from his
posts in CTPHZ on 12 October 2010. As for the allegation that Han was involved
in the incorporation of IEC in September 2010, there was no proof of this.
Michael did not advance the plaintiffs’ case as he testified as follows:

Q:Do you have any evidence in your AEIC to prove that Dr Han was involved in
the incorporation of IEC....

A:No, he didn’t sign the form.

...

Q:So ... he’s not involved then how do you allege that he, together with
Christine and Robin Low had incorporated or cause to be ... incorporated IEC?

A:Because it is logical to reasonably assume. Why? _Since his girlfriend is
involved with Robin in the incorporation, he must knowingly be involved...
This is a reasonable assumption._

[emphasis added]

86 In relation to the alleged non-disclosure by Robin and Christine of the
incorporation of IEC, the plaintiffs relied on _Bristol and West Building
Society v Mothew_ [1998] Ch 1. However, there was no proof that IEC had
conflicting interests with the plaintiffs. It had become very clear before IEC
was incorporated that under Han’s chairmanship, CTPHZ was going to be
concerned with only one project in China, namely, the Hangzhou project because
he distrusted Patrick, Richard and Michael. In any case, China is a very large
country and the evidence was that IEC was involved in projects that had
nothing to do with the Hangzhou project.

87 The plaintiffs submitted that there remained unanswered questions as to why
Vanwarm is still involved with the Hangzhou project if the Tripartite
Agreement with CTP and Vanwarm had been terminated by HQEDA. No evidence was
furnished on what actually transpired in China between Vanwarm and HQEDA after
the termination of the Tripartite Agreement and the court is in no position to
speculate on this matter. What is relevant is that I accept Han’s evidence
that IEC has not replaced CTPHZ in the Hangzhou project.

88 Finally, it may be noted that whether or not the defendants breached their
fiduciary duties in not disclosing their interest in IEC, no loss was caused
to the plaintiffs, who lost the benefit of the Tripartite Agreement with HQEDA
because they and Vanwarm did not comply with the extended deadlines laid down
in HQEDA’s Letter of Notice on 31 January 2011 for injecting capital into HVC
and for commencing construction work.

Conclusion

89 For the reasons stated, the plaintiffs’ claims against Han, Robin,
Christine and IEC are dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Feb 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

