Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Boon Lay Choo and another _v_ Ting Siew May  
[2013] SGHC 175

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 27 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 September 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lionel Yee JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ng Lip Chih (NLC Law Asia LLP) for the plaintiffs; P
Balagopal (M P Kanisan & Partners) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Boon Lay Choo and another — Ting Siew May  
  
16 September 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lionel Yee JC:

1 From around the middle of 2012, the plaintiffs Boon Lay Choo and Law Khim
Huat (“the Plaintiffs”) were looking to purchase landed property. They
approached their banker at United Overseas Bank (“the Bank”), one Leslie Ong
(“Ong”), about the financing of such a purchase, and on 12 July 2012, they
were granted in-principle approval for a loan by the Bank. The maximum quantum
of this loan would be capped at the prevailing loan-to-value ratio of
80%[note: 1] imposed by MAS Notice 632 for purchasers in the Plaintiffs’
position. MAS Notice 632 is a notice prescribed by the Monetary Authority of
Singapore (“the MAS”) pursuant to s 55 of the Banking Act (Cap 19, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“the Banking Act”) to banks for the purposes of regulating residential
property loans. The term “value” is defined as the market value or the net
purchase price of the residential property sought to be purchased, whichever
is lower.[note: 2]

2 On 5 October 2012, the MAS issued an amendment to MAS Notice 632 (the
amended MAS Notice 632 is hereafter referred to as “the 5 October Notice”).
The press release accompanying the 5 October Notice explained that this was
“part of the Government’s broader aim of avoiding a price bubble and fostering
long term stability in the property market”.[note: 3] The 5 October Notice,
addressed to banks, provided, _inter alia_ , that from 6 October 2012, for
purchasers in the Plaintiffs’ position, the loan-to-value ratio would be
capped at 60% if the tenure of the facility sought exceeded 30 years or if the
sum of the tenure and the age of the borrower at the time applying for the
loan facility exceeded 65.[note: 4] This represented a tightening of the
permissible loan-to-value ratio from 80% previously.[note: 5]

3 On 10 October 2012, the Plaintiffs made a verbal offer to the defendant Ting
Siew May (“the Defendant”) to purchase a property owned by her known as 30
Jalan Angin Laut Singapore 489226 (“the Property”). On 12 October 2012, almost
a week after the new restrictions imposed by the 5 October Notice were
imposed, an agreement was reached between the parties on the purchase price of
$3.68 million.[note: 6] According to the Plaintiffs, they were advised by Ong
to ask their property agent to check with the Defendant if she was willing to
date the option to purchase as 4 October 2012 instead of the actual date when
the Defendant was to sign it.[note: 7] They thought that if the Option to
Purchase was dated prior to 5 October 2012, they would be able to obtain
financing for the purchase on the more favourable terms allowed prior to the
issue of the 5 October Notice. This was because the tenure of the loan they
sought to obtain was 24 years,[note: 8] which when added together with the
Plaintiffs’ ages exceeded 65 years, and banks were accordingly allowed to
grant the Plaintiffs a loan at a loan-to-value ratio of up to 60% instead of
80%.[note: 9] The Plaintiffs also deposed that Ong had told them that “a lot
of buyers” were backdating their purchases to dates prior to 5 October 2012
for that reason[note: 10] and that it was simply “common practice” to do
so.[note: 11] On 13 October 2012, an option to purchase was signed by the
Defendant and was dated 4 October 2012 (“the Option to Purchase”).[note: 12]
An option fee of $36,800, being 1% of the purchase price, was paid by the
Plaintiffs to the Defendant by way of a cheque.

4 The Defendant’s evidence was that she was abroad when the draft of the
Option to Purchase was sent to her by her estate agent, Ryan Liew (“Liew”),
for her signature and she did not know why 4 October 2012 had been typed into
the draft as the date of the Option to Purchase.[note: 13] She said that when
she signed the Option to Purchase on 13 October 2012, her son, who was with
her at that time, did not sign as a witness in the relevant signature block of
the document because he wanted an explanation from Liew on the date stated in
it. She said that she did not agree to such backdating.[note: 14] On her son’s
return to Singapore on 15 October 2012, he was informed by Liew that the
backdating was to “facilitate” the obtaining of a loan by the buyer and that
it was common practice and there was nothing wrong in doing so.[note: 15] Her
evidence was that her son in good faith accepted Liew’s explanation and handed
over the signed Option to Purchase in exchange for the cheque from the
Plaintiffs. It would appear that Liew subsequently signed as a witness to the
Defendant’s signature in the Option to Purchase. According to the Defendant,
it was only on 19 October 2012 that she and her son learned about the 5
October Notice.[note: 16] The Defendant was advised by her son that to have
backdated the Option to Purchase was illegal and that she should not proceed
with the sale of the property.[note: 17]

5 The Option to Purchase provided that it was to expire “at 4:00pm on the 25th
day of October 2012”.[note: 18] On 24 October 2012, one day before the expiry
of the Option to Purchase, the Defendant’s solicitors wrote a letter to the
Plaintiffs’ solicitors stating that the backdating of the Option to Purchase
to 4 October 2012 in order to enable the Plaintiffs to obtain a bank loan in
contravention of the 5 October Notice was an “illegality or irregularity”, and
that the Defendant did not want to be a party to it.[note: 19] They said that
they had instructions to reject any exercise of the Option to Purchase. On the
same day, the Plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote two letters to the Defendant’s
solicitors informing them that the Plaintiffs had the right to proceed with
the exercise of the Option to Purchase, and informing them that if the
Defendant refused to accept such exercise, she would be sued for damages for
any loss suffered by the Plaintiffs as a result of penalties imposed by their
bank for not proceeding with taking the loan that had already been
approved.[note: 20] On 25 October 2012, the Plaintiffs’ solicitors attempted
to exercise the Option to Purchase at the offices of the Defendant’s
solicitors. This was rejected by the latter. There was a series of
correspondence between the parties’ solicitors which followed. Among other
things, the Plaintiffs’ solicitors, in a letter dated 6 December 2012,
proposed performing the contract on the basis that it was dated 13 October
2012, the actual date of signature of the Option by the Defendant, and that
they would obtain bank financing on that basis in accordance with the 5
October Notice.[note: 21] However, no resolution was reached.

The present application

6 Originating Summons No 27 of 2013, the present application before me, was
brought by the Plaintiffs on 11 January 2013 for:

(a) a declaration that the Option to Purchase is valid and binding on the
Defendant; and

(b) an order for specific performance by the Defendant of the Option to
Purchase or, in the alternative, damages.

The Defendant’s contention of illegality

7 It was the Defendant’s case that because the Plaintiffs backdated the Option
to Purchase for an illegal purpose, namely, to obtain a loan at an 80% loan-
to-value ratio in contravention of the 5 October Notice, the Option to
Purchase was an illegal contract and was therefore unenforceable. The
Defendant further contended that because of the alleged illegality, the
Plaintiffs were approaching the court with “unclean hands” and were therefore
not entitled to an order of specific performance.

8 The Plaintiffs did not deny that the Option to Purchase was backdated in
order to obtain the better loan terms but contended that this did not make the
Option to Purchase unenforceable. Further, they argued that their hands were
not unclean or that even if they were, they had “washed them” prior to coming
to the court for relief by agreeing to perform the contract as though it had
not been backdated by obtaining financing from the Bank under the conditions
stipulated in the 5 October Notice.

Was the contract illegal or contrary to public policy?

9 The unenforceability of contracts for illegality or public policy is often
regarded as a facet of the maxims “ _ex dolo malo non oritur actio_ ” and “
_ex turpi causa non oritur actio_ ”. The courts are asked to refuse to enforce
contracts which are otherwise validly formed, in order to give effect to the
principle that in certain circumstances, the broader objectives of the greater
public good override the parties’ otherwise legitimate contractual rights.
Where the balance is to be struck between public and private interests is
often not a straightforward exercise.

10 What was the alleged illegality in the present case? According to the
Defendant, the 5 October Notice was issued by the MAS pursuant to its power
under s 55 of the Banking Act to give directions or impose requirements on or
relating to the operations or activities of banks and s 71 of the Act provided
that a bank which acted in contravention of a s 55 notice is subject to the
penalty of a fine not exceeding $100,000, and in a case of a continuing
offence, to a further fine not exceeding $10,000 for every day during which
the offence continued after conviction. The Defendant contended that this
constituted the statutory backdrop against which it could be said that the
backdating of the Option to Purchase to avoid the consequences of the 5
October Notice was an attempt to contravene the law, and it rendered the
Option to Purchase unenforceable.[note: 22] The Defendant also argued that the
backdating was an act of deception on the MAS.[note: 23]

11 The Defendant did not, in my view, define the alleged illegality with
sufficient precision. From a perusal of the affidavits before me, it would
appear that either or both parties could be said to have engaged in illegal
conduct in two possible ways. First, on the faith of being shown the Option to
Purchase which was dated 4 October 2012 rather than its actual date, the Bank
offered the Plaintiffs a loan facility at an 80% loan-to-value ratio which was
promptly accepted by them on 19 October 2012,[note: 24] and this was something
the Bank would not otherwise have done but for the backdating. In other words,
the act of deception was on the Bank, rather than MAS and the act of
backdating by either or both parties could be viewed as abetting such a
deception. Secondly, the Bank itself could _possibly_ be in breach of the 5
October Notice by providing the loan facility and accordingly would have
committed an offence under s 55 of the Banking Act punishable under s 71 and
the act of backdating was an abetment by either or both parties of such an
offence by the Bank. I need to emphasise, however, that this analysis has been
based solely upon the assertions made and the evidence adduced by the two
parties to this action and should not be taken as a determination of the
liability of the Bank, which was not a party and did not have the opportunity
to put its version of events to the court.

12 I will not undertake a comprehensive review of the relevant jurisprudence
on unenforceability of contracts for illegality or public policy. I note that
broadly speaking, the leading writers organise the cases into two categories:
those involving statutory illegality and those involving illegality at common
law founded on the concept of public policy. It will therefore be on these two
bases that I consider whether the Option to Purchase in the present case is a
contract which will not be enforced by this court.

Statutory illegality

13 The mere existence of a contravention of a statutory provision does not
automatically result in the adverse consequence of the contract being rendered
unenforceable. The question to ask is whether, on a proper construction of the
statute in question, it was the legislature’s intention that, on account of
the contravention, the contract in question should be prohibited. In the most
obvious of cases, a statute may expressly prohibit the contract by declaring
it illegal. In most cases, however, such prohibition, if any, will be implied
rather than express, and it is incumbent on the court to ascertain if it was
the legislature’s intention that over and above proscribing the conduct in
question, the contract should also be prohibited. As succinctly framed by
Devlin J in _St John Shipping Corp v Joseph Rank Ltd_ [1957] 1 QB 267 (“ _St
John Shipping_ ”) at 287:

The fundamental question is _whether the statute means to prohibit the
contract_. The statute is to be construed in the ordinary way; one must have
regard to all relevant considerations and no single consideration, however
important, is conclusive.

Two questions are involved. The first... is: does the statute mean to prohibit
contracts at all? But if this be answered in the affirmative, then one must
ask: does this contract belong to the class which the statute intends to
prohibit?

[emphasis added]

In the words of Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) in _Hemlata Pathela (trading
as Coco Properties) v Suresh Partabrai and another_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 393 at
[10], the exercise is one of gauging “the parliamentary pulse”.

14 As I have noted, the statutory contravention in the present case would be
an abetment of the Bank’s possible breach of s 55 of the Banking Act when it
committed itself to giving a loan to the Plaintiffs at an 80% loan-to-value
ratio (see above at [11]). What I then need to determine is whether it was the
legislature’s intention in enacting this provision in the Banking Act to
prohibit contracts such as the present Option to Purchase.

15 There is no express provision in the Banking Act or its subsidiary
legislation that loan agreements, let alone options to purchase property for
which such loan agreements are taken out, are invalidated by virtue of a
contravention of a s 55 notice. As to whether there is an implied
parliamentary intention to that effect, I note that the Banking Act deals with
the regulation of banks and s 55 empowers the MAS to issue notices to banks.
Any prohibition imposed by such notices under s 55 is therefore a prohibition
imposed on “banks” within the meaning of the Act and not the general public at
large. The 5 October Notice is a case in point as is apparent from the words
of the applicable para 2 which provides that:[note: 25]

2\. **_A bank shall not_** grant –

(a) any credit facility for the purchase of Residential Property to a
Borrower...

[emphasis added]

in certain specified circumstances. Further, the penalties imposed under s 71
of the Banking Act for contraventions of s 55 are only imposed on banks. It
should also be noted that the 5 October Notice was directed at loans which
banks could give to their customers. The only reference in the 5 October
Notice to “options to purchase” is to define by date the property transactions
which would be subject to the new loan-to-value limits. Accordingly, as the
Plaintiffs pointed out to me, if any contract is to be impliedly prohibited by
the statutory scheme, it would be the loan agreement between the Bank and its
customer. It would require far more cogent evidence to establish that
Parliament intended by implication that the prohibition would cover agreements
entered into by two private parties which were separate from but merely
related to the loan agreement and to which the Bank was a total stranger. I am
accordingly not persuaded that there was any express or implied legislative
intention that the act of backdating the Option to Purchase to enable the
Plaintiffs to obtain a loan beyond the limits which the Bank could give would
render the Option to Purchase unenforceable.

16 The writings in this area traditionally also draw a distinction between
contracts illegal as formed and illegal as performed although in the view of
the learned author in _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Andrew Phang Boon
Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“ _The Law of Contract in Singapore_
”) at paras 13.042–13.043, such a distinction is “unhelpful”. Be that as it
may, could it be said that although the Option to Purchase itself is not
prohibited by the statutory provisions, the Plaintiffs intended, in the
performance of it, to act contrary to statutory provisions, and so the
contract ought not to be enforced? I do not find that to be so. First, it is
not apparent that the parties’ _performance_ of any contractual obligation
pursuant to the Option to Purchase would contravene the law. The illegality
was in the backdating of the contract, and not its performance. Secondly, in
analysing the relevant cases, Devlin J in _St John Shipping_ (at 284–286)
explained that it was not the illegal manner of performance which renders a
contract unenforceable, but rather, a contract may be rendered unenforceable
where the performance of it “turned” it into a contract prohibited by statute
(at 284):

When fully considered, it is plain that [the previous cases] do not proceed on
the basis that in the course of performing a legal contract an illegality was
committed; but on the narrower basis that _the way in which the contract was
performed turned it into the sort of contract that was prohibited by the
statute_. [emphasis added]

Devlin J went on to note (at 289):

In the statutes to which the principle has been applied, what was prohibited
was a contract which had at its centre – indeed often filling the whole space
within its circumference – the prohibited act...

In the present case, it must be remembered that the Option to Purchase in
question is a contract which concerned a sale and purchase of land and its
grant and exercise were, in and of themselves, perfectly legal. The illegal
(if at all) manner in which the financing of the sale and purchase was
intended to be procured by the Plaintiffs was a matter only merely incidental
to the contract and so cannot be said to transform it into a contract
prohibited by statute.

17 Even if performance of the contract did not involve a breach of a statutory
provision, is there a more general proposition that if at least the Plaintiffs
in this case entered into the contract with the _intent_ of abetting such a
breach, this would render the contract unenforceable by them? _The Law of
Contract in Singapore_ (at para 13.051) refers to another _dictum_ of Devlin J
in _St John Shipping_ (at 283) that:

[A] contract which is entered into with the object of committing an illegal
act is unenforceable. The application of this principle depends upon proof of
the intent, at the time the contract was made, to break the law; if the intent
is mutual the contract is not enforceable at all, and, if unilateral, it is
unenforceable at the suit of the party who is proved to have it.

From this passage, the textbook suggests (at paras 13.052 and 13.055) that
even where the contract in question is not expressly or implied prohibited by
statute, a party cannot seek enforcement of it where he entered into it with
the intention of contravening the statute and that this would be in position
in Singapore law.

18 I will proceed on the basis that no distinction is to be drawn in this
regard between contracts entered into with the intention to commit a statutory
breach and contracts entered into with the intention to _abet_ such a breach.
It is not evident to me that the observations made in _The Law of Contract in
Singapore_ I referred to envisage a _fixed_ rule that any intention of a party
at the outset of a contract to do something prohibited by a statute, however
serious or however incidental, would automatically render the contract
unenforceable at his suit. Toulson LJ in the English Court of Appeal in
_ParkingEye Ltd v Somerfield Stores Ltd_ [2013] 2 WLR 939 (“ _ParkingEye_ ”)
at [63], in analysing this part of Devlin J’s judgment in _St John Shipping_ ,
observed that, when Devlin J’s judgment was read as a whole, it was apparent
that there was no such _fixed_ rule. Toulson LJ observed from the other parts
of Devlin J’s judgment that even Devlin J himself recognised that any such
fixed rule had the potential of leading to peculiar results, and concluded (at
[63]):

When Devlin J’s judgment is read as a whole his reasoning is
characteristically subtle and cogent. To draw from it a fixed rule that any
intention from the outset to do something in the performance of the contract
which would in fact be illegal must vitiate any claim by the party concerned
does not do justice to his judgment. It is too crude and capable of giving
rise to injustice.

19 Professor M P Furmston (“Prof Furmston”) in M P Furmston, _The Analysis of
Illegal Contracts_ (1966) 16 UTLJ 267 at 280 discussed the category of cases
where there is an agreement to commit a crime, and observed that:

Yet it is probable that even in this class the Court must exercise some
element of decision. It is not clear that because X is a crime, the contract
is necessarily illegal. The general principle stated in the books that an
agreement to commit a crime is illegal is based on cases where the crime was a
serious one and here the principle is clearly sound. The policy considerations
are much less clear where the crime involves only a venial infraction of a
minor statutory requirement. Here to hold the contract illegal may be to
impose a penalty very greatly in excess of any fault. Suppose, for instance, a
contract is made to carry goods by road and the parties know that the goods
can only be delivered by a short period of illegal parking. It seems very
doubtful whether public policy really requires the carrier to be deprived of
his freight and it is even more doubtful whether he should be discharged from
any liability for negligence on the ground that the contract is illegal.
Certainly if the contract is to be held illegal, it should not be simply
because improper parking is a crime but because of a deliberate assessment of
the overriding importance of controlling parking.

Among other things, Prof Furmston opined that the court must draw distinctions
between different sorts of statutory contraventions in coming to a conclusion
as to whether the contract in question should be held unenforceable. As Prof
Furmston suggests (at 283), it is in the end analysis a “delicate problem of
balancing the desirability of deterring crime against that of upholding
agreements” and that “some measure of flexibility seems essential to reach a
satisfactory result in this type of situation”.

20 In any case, the proposition that a party cannot enforce a contract he or
she entered into with the _intent_ of contravening a statute does not appear
to be one which belongs to the realm of statutory illegality (as explained
above at [13]). First, Devlin J’s remarks applied to illegality without any
distinction being drawn between statutory and common law illegality. Secondly,
even if the illegal act was prohibited by statute, the analysis in this
instance does not involve an ascertainment of either an express or implied
Parliamentary intent in enacting that legislation. The proposition, to the
extent to it exists, would in my view more properly be regarded as an aspect
of common law illegality where the courts as a matter of public policy will
refuse to enforce contracts tainted with illegality in certain circumstances.
Among them are contracts to commit a crime, tort or fraud. But, as I will
explain below, the refusal to enforce such contracts is not an inflexible
rule. A court may still enforce a contract involving the contravention of a
statute if the illegality is sufficiently remote or if there is no need for
the enforcing party to rely on the illegality for the purposes of enforcement
(see below, especially at [26]–[27] and [28]–[29] respectively). As a matter
of logic, the same exceptions of remoteness and non-reliance on the illegality
would have to apply whether one is confronted with a contract to commit a
crime as such or a contract entered into with the intent that a statute will
be contravened.

21 Professor R A Buckley (“Prof Buckley”) in R A Buckley, _Illegality and
Public Policy_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2009) at para 2.06, in his commentary
on the case of _Shaw v Groom_ [1970] 2 QB 504, suggests that the courts may
render contracts unenforceable in order to give effect to the objectives of a
statute without necessarily finding either an express or implied legislative
intent as such. In _Shaw v Groom_ , a landlord suing for rent was met with a
defence of illegality raised by the tenant on the basis that the landlord had
failed to supply a rent book as required by the statutory regulations in
force, _viz_ , the Rent Book (Forms of Notice) Regulations 1965. The English
Court of Appeal held that on a true construction of the legislation,
Parliament had not intended that the landlord be precluded from enforcing the
contract. In the judgment of Sachs LJ (at 519D), it was highlighted that there
was “not the slightest suggestion” that the landlord’s breach of the
regulations was “knowingly or wilfully committed”. Prof Buckley (at para
2.06), noted that while this suggests that had the breach been deliberate, the
result would have been different and the contract would have been held
unenforceable, an analysis of Sachs LJ’s statement only indicates that there
are cases where “[i]t may well... be appropriate for the law of contract to
discourage the anti-social conduct at which the statute is directed, without
necessarily ascribing that result to the statute itself”. A type of case
envisaged by Prof Buckley, is one where, for example, there is a “combination
of high potential profits, and fines that may have become absurdly low” such
that there creates an “incentive to law-breaking”.

22 The Defendant submitted that to uphold the present Option to Purchase would
be to approve such deliberate acts of backdating among property buyers in the
general market, and urged me to declare it unenforceable as a form of
deterrence.

23 I agree with Prof Buckley’s observations that there may be circumstances
where the courts will refuse enforcement in order to deter conduct proscribed
by the statute. I note in passing that Prof Buckley’s analysis is premised on
the intention of the contracting party to contravene a statute being _a_
relevant fact in determining unenforceability and is not in and of itself
conclusive of that outcome. But I am not persuaded that the Option to Purchase
in the present case should be rendered unenforceable on these considerations.
Apart from the Plaintiffs’ statement that they were told by Ong that there was
a “common practice” in the market of backdating purchase dates to avoid the
new loan regulations, and the evidence that the Defendant’s son was told the
same by Liew, there was no evidence put before me of how widespread such a
practice was. This statement was, in any event, hearsay. Nor was there any
evidence or submissions as to whether the existing sanctions, including those
under s 71, were adequate and if not, whether it was then necessary for the
civil court to intervene and whether such intervention had to extend to
rendering not only the actual loan agreements unenforceable, but also the
associated options to purchase as well.

Illegality at common law

24 Illegality at common law is founded on the concept of public policy which
is more fluid and harder to define. There are however two established
situations of illegality at common law which are pertinent to the present case
– contracts to deceive the public authorities and contracts to commit a crime,
tort or fraud.

25 The Defendant argued that the backdating was an act of deception such that
the Option to Purchase ought _ipso facto_ to be declared unenforceable[note:
26] and emphasised that the 5 October Notice was one made in and for the
public interest.[note: 27] I understood the Defendant’s argument to be that a
deception performed in the context of a matter affecting the public interest
should lead to the Option to Purchase being unenforceable. I am not persuaded
by this argument. First, any deception in the present case is not on the MAS,
but on the Bank, which is a private entity. Although it might be argued that
the Bank performs some functions of a quasi-public nature, there is nothing to
suggest that the head of public policy covering the deception of public
authorities ought to be expanded beyond public authorities to privately owned
banks or other entities (_cf_ the Malaysian Federal Court decision in _Theresa
Chong v Kin Khoon & Co_ [1976] 2 MLJ 253). Secondly, and more importantly, the
case law is clear that there is no automatic rule against enforcement of a
contract merely because it is one which involves an illegality and this is
regardless of whether the illegality takes the form of a deception of public
authorities or the commission of a crime, tort or fraud.

26 I referred earlier to Toulson LJ’s remarks in _ParkingEye_ in which he
refused to interpret Devlin J’s _dictum_ in _St John Shipping_ as laying down
an inflexible rule that a contract entered into with the intention to do
something illegal rendered it unenforceable. Among the relevant factors which
Toulson LJ considered in the final disposal of the matter, _viz_ , in
determining whether enforcement should be refused, was the “centrality of the
illegality” (at [69] _et seq_). The case involved a contract to provide an
automated monitoring and control system to some of the car parks owned or
operated by the defendant Somerfield Stores Ltd. Somerfield Stores Ltd
committed a repudiatory breach which was accepted by the claimant ParkingEye
Ltd, who then sued for damages for lost revenue. The defendant raised
illegality as a defence. It referred to letters which the claimant would send
to recover “fines” from motorists who had defaulted on parking charges. Some
of these letters falsely suggested that the claimant had the authority to and
was intending to commence legal proceedings to recover the parking charges.
The sending of the letters was held by the trial judge to have amounted to the
tort of deceit. However, he found that the sending of the illegal letters was
not one of the purposes of the contract, the most important of which was the
installation of the system in car parks. He therefore concluded that any
illegality was too remote to render the agreement unenforceable. On appeal,
Sir Robin Jacob (at [34]) and Toulson LJ (at [71]) agreed.

27 The centrality or degree of remoteness of any illegality as a consideration
also featured in the English decision of _21st Century Logistic Solution v
Madysen_ [2004] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 92 (“ _Madysen_ ”) which the Plaintiffs pointed
me to. In that case, Field J in the High Court held that the fact that the
supplier of computer processor units intended to defraud the revenue
authorities was not a bar to it recovering the purchase price of the goods.
The existence of the contract of sale provided the opportunity to the supplier
to commit the fraud on the revenue authorities, but that was not something
which it had done, since it was only obliged to account to the customs and
excise authorities at the end of the relevant accounting period. It was held
(at [21]) that the supplier’s fraudulent intention was too remote from the
contract to render it unenforceable. The contract was in the words of Field J
(at [19]), “in and of itself” a lawful contract for the sale and purchase of
goods.

28 In her submissions, the Defendant referred me to the Singapore case of
_American Home Assurance Co v Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 992 (“
_Hong Lam Marine_ ”) at [67] for the proposition that the backdating of a
contract for an illegal purpose (of deception) renders the contract
unenforceable.[note: 28] What the Defendant appeared to overlook was the fact
that in _Hong Lam Marine_ , the backdating of a shipbuilding agreement, though
illegal, was held by the Singapore Court of Appeal not to be a bar to its
enforcement. Yong Pung How CJ, delivering the judgment of the court,
distinguished the earlier cases of _Suntoso Jacob v Kong Miao Ming_
[1985–1986] SLR(R) 524, _Alexander v Rayson_ [1936] 1 KB 169 and _Palaniappa
Chettier v Arunasalam Chettier_ [1962] MLJ 143. Yong CJ held, _inter alia_ ,
that in those three cases, the claimants had to reveal the illegal purpose in
seeking the assistance of the courts to enforce the contract. In contrast, the
claimants in _Hong Lam Marine_ did not need to rely on the backdating to found
their claim for the breach of a specific term in the shipbuilding contract.
Yong CJ explained (at [67]):

In the present case, in contrast, the respondents did not need to rely on the
backdating in order to succeed in their counterclaim against the shipyard. _It
was not necessary for them to found their claim against the shipyard as the
owners of a Singapore-registered ship, as their cause of action was based on
the delay in the delivery of the vessel in breach of a specific term of the
shipbuilding agreement_. If they had to go behind the backdating to prove the
actual date of the shipbuilding agreement in order to succeed in their claim,
or if their claim was dependent on the status of the vessel as a Singapore-
registered ship, the cases cited by the shipyard (_viz Suntoso Jacob_ ,
_Alexander v Rayson_ and _Palaniappa Chettiar_) might be relevant and
applicable since the respondents would be basing their claim on a state of
affairs which was obtained through a deception on the Registrar. [emphasis
added]

29 This principle has been described as the “reliance principle” (see, _inter
alia_ , Law Reform Committee, Singapore Academy of Law, _Relief from
Unenforceability of Illegal Contracts and Trusts_ (5 July 2002) at paras
7.2–7.6 and The Law Commission of England and Wales, _Illegal Transactions:
The Effect of Illegality on Contracts and Trusts_ (Consultation Paper No 154,
1999) at paras 2.64–2.67), and is often traced to the case of _Bowmakers Ltd v
Barnet Instruments Ltd_ [1945] 1 KB 65 (“ _Bowmakers_ ”). In _Bowmakers_ , the
plaintiff had delivered machine tools under hire purchase agreements to the
defendants in contravention of an order made by the Minister under the UK
Defence (General) Regulations 1939. The defendants defaulted on the hire
purchase agreements and sold the tools which were the subject of two of the
agreements to a third party, and refused to redeliver the tools under the last
agreement. The plaintiff sued in conversion and the court allowed the recovery
of damages notwithstanding the illegality of the hire purchase transactions
themselves. The case established the principle that where a party can seek
recovery via an independent cause of action which does not require him to rely
on the illegality, recovery will be allowed.

30 The reliance principle was subsequently reaffirmed by the House of Lords in
_Tinsley v Milligan_ [1994] 1 AC 340. In that case, the plaintiff and the
defendant, a lesbian couple, had pooled their monies together to purchase a
house. However, the house was registered in the name of only the plaintiff,
and this was so to enable the defendant to make false benefit claims on the UK
Department of Social Security. When the parties fell out, the plaintiff sought
to claim sole possession and ownership over the house. The defendant
counterclaimed for a declaration that the house was held by the plaintiff in
trust for the parties in equal shares. The counterclaim was allowed. The House
held that a presumption of resulting trust arose in favour of the defendant,
and that this was not affected by the illegality because she did not have to
rely on the illegal transaction to establish this.

31 Although the reliance principle as derived from _Bowmakers_ and _Tinsley v
Milligan_ was applied in those cases in relation to the assertion of
proprietary rights, Quentin Loh J in the High Court in _Lim Leong Huat v Chip
Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd and another_ [2011] 1 SLR 657 at [204]
observed, on the basis of the Court of Appeal decisions in _Hong Lam Marine_
and _Siow Soon Kim v Lim Eng Beng_ [2004] SGCA 4 (“ _Siow Soon Kim_ ”) that
the principle has found general application. I note that, in contrast, an
earlier High Court decision in _Chee Jok Heng Stephanie v Chang Yue Shoon_
[2010] 3 SLR 1131 at [42] preferred the narrower interpretation that it was
applicable only in relation to proprietary rights. Given that the two
Singapore Court of Appeal decisions in _Hong Lam Marine_ and _Siow Soon Kim_
applied the reliance principle outside the sphere of proprietary rights, I too
accept that it is, as a matter of Singapore jurisprudence, a principle of
general application and it is applicable to the present case.

32 There is a significant degree of overlap between (a) the centrality or
degree of remoteness of the illegality and (b) the reliance principle in
determining whether the illegality renders a contract unenforceable. While
_ParkingEye_ and _Madysen_ (see above at [26] and [27] respectively) adopted
the former approach, it would, on the facts in both cases, also have been
unnecessary to rely on the illegality to establish the claims. Similarly, it
is possible to regard the extent to which reliance on the illegality is
required to establish the claim as one aspect of determining if the illegality
is too remote for the court to deny enforcement.

33 In the present case, regardless of which principle is applied, the
illegality is not an obstacle to enforcement. As regards remoteness, there was
no illegality _per se_ in the grant and exercise of the Option to Purchase.
The illegal manner in which the financing was intended to be procured by the
Plaintiffs was a matter which was merely incidental to the contract
constituted by the Option to Purchase and is therefore too remote to render
the Option to Purchase unenforceable. As regards the reliance principle, there
is similarly no need in the present case for the Plaintiffs to rely on the
backdating to found their claim against the Defendant. Although the Option to
Purchase had a date printed on it which was not the actual date of the
agreement, that was not something the Plaintiffs had to point to in seeking to
enforce it. This was not a case where the Option to Purchase provided that it
was to expire within a stipulated timeframe from the date of the agreement,
and there was a dispute as to when it expired which required the Plaintiffs to
explain why it was dated 4 October 2012 and not the actual date of 13 October
2012. The Option to Purchase expressly set out instead a specific date and
time for its expiry, namely “at 4:00pm on the 25th day of October 2012”, which
was not determined by reference to the date of its signature.[note: 29]

34 I should add that the decision in _Hong Lam Marine_ is also demonstrative
of the fact that Devlin J’s _dictum_ in _St John Shipping_ (see above at [17])
cannot be regarded as articulating an absolute rule that a contract entered
into with intent to commit a breach of a statutory provision will
automatically be unenforceable. In _Hong Lam Marine_ , it was common ground
that the shipbuilding agreement was backdated with the intent to avoid
compliance with reg 13F of the Prevention of Pollution of the Sea Regulations
(at [63]). The backdating could be regarded as an abetment of a breach of that
regulation as well as an abetment of a deception on the Registrar of Ships, in
a manner similar to the present case. But the outcome was one where the
shipbuilding contract was nevertheless held to enforceable.

Conclusion on illegality and public policy

35 For the foregoing reasons, I am unable to accept the Defendant’s assertion
that the Option to Purchase is unenforceable for illegality, whether that
illegality is statutory or based on common law.

The doctrine of _locus poenitentiae_

36 I would add a few words about the doctrine of _locus poenitentiae_ (_viz_ ,
“a place for repentance”) in the context of the present case. Before me,
counsel also argued quite extensively over whether the Plaintiffs could avail
themselves of the _locus poenitentiae_ doctrine. The Plaintiffs argued that
they had “repented” from the illegality when they offered to seek financing in
accordance with the loan-to-value ceiling established by the 5 October Notice.
They argued that having brought themselves within the _locus poenitentiae_ ,
the Option to Purchase was no longer illegal and was thus enforceable.[note:
30]

37 It would appear that counsel might not have fully understood the operation
of this doctrine. The doctrine, as understood in this context, applies where a
party is seeking to recover benefits (money or property) conferred on the
other party under an _illegal_ contract (see the explanation of it in _The Law
of Contract in Singapore_ at para 13.155 and Nelson Enonchong, _Illegal
Transactions_ (LLP Reference Publishing, 1998) at p 333). This would be
relevant, for example, if the Option to Purchase was held to be unenforceable,
and the Plaintiffs were seeking to recover the $36,800 option fee paid to the
Defendant (as was the case in _Aqua Art Pte Ltd v Goodman Development (S) Pte
Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR 865). The issue of whether a contract is legal or illegal is
therefore a logically anterior one. In the present case, I have found that the
contract is not unenforceable for illegality. Accordingly, the issue of
whether the Plaintiffs have brought themselves within the _locus poenitentiae_
does not come into play.

Specific performance

38 In addition to arguing that the contract was unenforceable for illegality,
the Defendant also contended that the Plaintiffs were not entitled to an order
for specific performance for the same reason, _viz_ , the alleged illegality
as discussed above.[note: 31] The Defendant relied on the maxim ‘he who comes
to equity must come with clean hands’. But if a contract is not void and not
unenforceable at law, I can see no reason why it should nevertheless not be
specifically enforceable in equity. In this regard, Page Wood VC in _Aubin v
Holt_ (1855) 2 K & J 66 at 70 explained thus:

The agreement must be legal or illegal, and it is not within the discretion of
the Court to refuse specific performance because an agreement savours of
illegality.

This is especially so given that in Singapore, law and equity are administered
by the same courts, as they are in England today. It would be odd if the court
were, on the one hand, to reject arguments of illegality and find a contract
enforceable but, on the other, deny specific performance of it on the basis of
the very same arguments.

39 Much time was also spent by counsel at the hearings before me on the issue
of whether the Plaintiffs, to use the evocative language employed, had “washed
their hands” before coming to the court to seek relief in equity. As I have
come to the conclusion that there is no reason to deny the Plaintiffs an order
for specific performance, I do not need to make any findings in this regard.

Conclusion

40 I accordingly declare that the Option to Purchase is valid and binding on
the Defendant.

41 Aside from the arguments on illegality which I have rejected above, the
Defendant did not dispute the Plaintiffs’ entitlement to the relief of
specific performance in the present case. In any event, this was not a case
where, on the facts disclosed, the usual position that an order for specific
performance should be granted for contracts for the sale of land should be
departed from. In the premises, I order that the Option to Purchase is to be
specifically performed by the Defendant.

42 Costs are to follow the event and are to be taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]1st Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 10 December 2012 at pp
19–20.

[note: 2]MAS Notice 632 at para 17(p) (found at Annexure to Defendant’s Second
Written Submissions dated 11 June 2013).

[note: 3]1st Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 10 December 2012 at p 22.

[note: 4]MAS Notice 632 at para 2 read with para 17(n)(5A) (found at Annexure
to Defendant’s Second Written Submissions dated 11 June 2013).

[note: 5]MAS Notice 632 at para 2 read with para 17(n)(3) (found at Annexure
to Defendant’s Second Written Submissions dated 11 June 2013).

[note: 6]1st Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 10 December 2012 at paras
14 and 15; Affidavit of Ting Siew May, sworn on 1 March 2013 at para 4.

[note: 7]1st Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 10 December 2012 at paras
11 and 15.

[note: 8]1st Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 10 December 2012 at p 20.

[note: 9]3rd Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 22 April 2013 at para 13.

[note: 10]1st Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 10 December 2012 at para
11.

[note: 11]3rd Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 22 April 2013 at para
15.

[note: 12]1st Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 10 December 2012 at pp
28–33.

[note: 13]Affidavit of Ting Siew May, sworn on 1 March 2013 at para 7.

[note: 14]Affidavit of Ting Siew May, sworn on 1 March 2013 at para 5.

[note: 15]Affidavit of Ting Siew May, sworn on 1 March 2013 at para 9.

[note: 16]Affidavit of Ting Siew May, sworn on 1 March 2013 at para 11.

[note: 17]Affidavit of Ting Siew May, sworn on 1 March 2013 at para 12.

[note: 18]1st Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 10 December 2012 at p
28.

[note: 19]Affidavit of Ting Siew May, sworn on 1 March 2013 at p 35.

[note: 20]1st Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 10 December 2012 at pp
53 and 54.

[note: 21]2nd Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 2 April 2013 at para 10;
1st Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 10 December 2012 at pp 58–59.

[note: 22]Defendant’s Second Written Submissions dated 11 June 2013 at para 8.

[note: 23]Defendant’s Second Written Submissions dated 11 June 2013 at para 9.

[note: 24]3rd Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 22 April 2013 at para 6
and pp 8–17.

[note: 25]MAS Notice 632 at para 2 (found at Annexure to Defendant’s Second
Written Submissions dated 11 June 2013).

[note: 26]Defendant’s Second Written Submissions dated 11 June 2013 at para 9.

[note: 27]Defendant’s Second Written Submissions dated 11 June 2013 at para 8;
Defendant’s Third Written Submissions dated 21 June 2013 at para 2.

[note: 28]Defendant’s Second Written Submissions dated 11 June 2013 at paras
9–10.

[note: 29]1st Affidavit of Boon Lay Choo, affirmed on 10 December 2012 at p
28.

[note: 30]Plaintiff’s First Written Submissions dated 12 April 2013 at paras
24–25.

[note: 31]Defendant’s First Written Submissions dated 12 April 2013 at para 7;
Defendant’s Second Written Submissions dated 11 June 2013 at para 20(1).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Sep 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

