Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Poh Weng Andy _v_ Lee Jee  
[2013] SGHC 234

Case Number| :| Suit No 837 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Michael Loh, Viviene Kaur Sandhu and Vanessa Sandhu
(Clifford Law LLP) for the plaintiff; Alvin Cheng Sun Cheok and Marian Lee
(Chris Chong & C T Ho Partnership) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tan Poh Weng Andy — Lee Jee  
  
7 November 2013|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties applied to record a consent interlocutory judgment with damages
to be assessed. I declined to record the settlement and told counsel that I
will be referring this case to the Attorney-General for his action. The
grounds are as follows.

2 The plaintiff was driving a motor van about 7.30am on 26 May 2010 when a
vehicle driven by the defendant collided against the plaintiff’s van. He
claimed that his vehicle was stationary when the defendant’s bus collided
against the rear of his vehicle, which then collided against the car in front.
The claim by the driver of that vehicle has since been settled. The plaintiff
and his passenger both claimed to be injured. The plaintiff’s passenger sued
the defendant in the magistrate’s court, joining the plaintiff as a third
party. That claim was settled with a consent judgment in which the liability
was apportioned 95% against the defendant and 5% against the plaintiff.

3 The plaintiff then commenced this action against the defendant, claiming
100% liability. The plaintiff obtained an interim payment of $100,000.
Subsequently, the plaintiff applied in Summons No 6172 of 2012 for a second
interim payment. The application was dismissed by Assistant Registrar Miss
Sngeeta Devi (“AR Devi”) on 14 December 2012. A medical report on the
plaintiff’s injury dated 1 October 2010 by an orthopaedic surgeon Dr Peng
described the plaintiff’s injury as “the impression is neck sprain, chest
contusion and lumbar disc protrusion and spondylolisthesis”. It is noted that
the plaintiff had two surgeries in 2011; one in July and the other in October.

4 The appeal in respect of AR Devi’s decision was scheduled for hearing about
a week before the start of the trial before me. The trial as to liability was
fixed for hearing on 4 March 2013. It was then that I asked why the
plaintiff’s name was different in some previous documents filed. Counsel for
the plaintiff, Miss Viviene Sandhu, then informed me that the plaintiff
changed his name by deed poll on 25 February 2011 from Tan Poh Kim to Andy Tan
Poh Weng.

5 Mr Alvin Cheng, counsel for the defendant, said that the question of
liability cannot be settled because the plaintiff had admitted to being 5%
liable in his passenger’s suit in the Magistrate Court so he cannot now claim
100% against the defendant. Miss Sandhu objected to this defence because she
claimed that it was not pleaded. I thus adjourned the trial for all necessary
amendments to be made.

6 On 14 March 2013 I gave leave to the plaintiff to amend the writ to reflect
his new name. I then adjourned the matter to 21 April 2013 to give directions
regarding disclosure of documents. On 21 April 2013 I gave leave to the
defendant to amend his defence to plead estoppel. It was then that Mr Cheng
informed me that the defendant had recently discovered that the plaintiff was
involved in six accidents from 2006 to 2012, one in each year, except 2009,
which seemed to be the only accident-free year for him. In the application
before AR Devi it was disclosed that the plaintiff had two other accidents
after the one in question in this suit. Those accidents were made known
because the defendant was challenging causation in the plaintiff’s claim for
damages. It is unusual for a plaintiff to be involved in six accidents in
seven years. Mr Cheng had, until 4 March 2013, only known of three accidents
involving the plaintiff, but in the course of the further discovery
application he learnt of three others prior to 2010.

7 On 23 May 2013 the adjourned Registrar’s Appeal concerning the plaintiff’s
application for a second interim payment was heard and dismissed. It was also
made known to me at that time through submission of the defendant’s counsel
(and not disputed) that the plaintiff was an undischarged bankrupt.

8 It may indeed be truly coincidental for the plaintiff to have such bad luck,
but the circumstances indicate that a fuller inquiry might be necessary. Thus
I do not think that the court should endorse the settlement until then. The
defendant may not be blamed for wishing to settle because it might not be
financially sensible to litigate. However, there are serious questions to be
answered which, perhaps the defendant has no means of investigating. I thus
declined to approve the settlement and am directing the Registrar, Supreme
Court to refer this matter to the Attorney-General’s Chambers for
investigation. It is not known for certain, how many other accidents the
plaintiff had been involved in since some might be settled out of court. It is
not known why the plaintiff changed his name and how many times he had done
so. The plaintiff’s status as an undischarged bankrupt might also be inquired
into as it also appears that the plaintiff was driving a commercial vehicle in
at least one of the accidents that he was involved in. Further, without making
any assumptions but, for completeness, it may be relevant to inquire into the
details and circumstances of all the defendants involved in the various
accidents with this plaintiff – whether they have any connections or previous
dealings with the plaintiff; and whether they had been involved in other
accidents. It is not uncommon for plaintiffs to exaggerate their claims for
damages, but in the light of the plaintiff’s history, and the medical report
of his injury, his claim might be exaggerated or his injuries unrelated to the
accident in question. The full medical reports in all of the plaintiff’s
accidents were not available in this suit and it would be relevant to examine
them all side-by-side, and to inquire whether the examining doctors were
informed by the plaintiff that he had been in previous road accidents.

9 It seems sensible that insurers should have a common database so that repeat
claims can be tracked and traced. Insurance companies may have to do more to
guard themselves against unmeritorious or exaggerated claims. First, front-to-
rear accidents are not difficult to fake, and with minimal impact, claims for
massive damages may arise. Not just for whiplash injury (not difficult to
substantiate as many people have bulging discs and cervical spondylosis even
without any trauma) but also for medical expenses and physiotherapy. There is
also the risk of exaggerating the damage claim to the vehicle. Secondly, the
law generally holds the party whose vehicle was rear-ended blameless or almost
blameless. Unmeritorious claims are therefore difficult for lawyers to detect,
and that makes it difficult for the courts to spot such claims.

10 Pending action from the Attorney General, this matter is adjourned _sine
die_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

