Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Fragrance Realty Pte Ltd _v_ Rangoon Investment Pte Ltd and others  
[2013] SGHC 70

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 678 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 March 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ong Lian Min David and Lim Leng See (David Ong & Co) for
the plaintiff; Hong May Leng Stephanie and Edwin Sim (Lexton Law Corporation)
for 1st defendant; Mak Kok Weng (Mak & Partners) for the 2nd to 4th, 6th to
8th, 12th to 21st, 24th to 30th defendants.  
Parties| :|  Fragrance Realty Pte Ltd — Rangoon Investment Pte Ltd and others  
  
28 March 2013|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This application _vide_ Originating Summons No 678 of 2012 (“OS 678/2012”),
concerned a strip of land with an area of about 92.2m2, being part of Lot
6219X, Mukim 25 and situated at 340 Geylang Road, Singapore (“the Property”).
I shall refer to the strip of land in question as the “encroached area”.
Fifteen years ago, the very same encroached area was the subject matter of an
adverse possession claim in proceedings between the former registered owner of
the Property, Shell Eastern Petroleum (Pte) Ltd (“Shell”), and the defendants
in Originating Summons No 827 of 1997 (“OS 827/1997”). OS 827/1997 was
dismissed in favour of the defendants in that case (“the OS 827 defendants”).
Shell did not appeal against the decision of Warren L H Khoo J (“Khoo J”) in
_Shell Eastern Petroleum (Pte) Ltd v Goh Chor Cheok and others_ [1999] 3
SLR(R) 236 (“ _Shell Eastern_ ”).

2 OS 678/2012 is a sequel to the litigation commenced by Shell against the OS
827 defendants, who were the subsidiary proprietors of a block of flats in a
development known as Amazing Inn situated at Lorong 16 Geylang, Singapore.
This block of flats is adjacent to the Property, and to the south side of the
Property is a brick wall, which Khoo J described as a retaining wall in _Shell
Eastern_. For consistency, I shall likewise refer to this brick wall as the
“retaining wall”. This retaining wall, it is now accepted, was erected by the
developers of Amazing Inn in 1961. It is also accepted that the retaining wall
was erected on land inside the boundary line of the Property. The encroached
area consists of the area between the retaining wall and the boundary line of
Amazing Inn. Shell sold the Property to the plaintiff, Fragrance Realty Pte
Ltd (“Fragrance Realty”), on 10 November 2010. Fragrance Realty wanted to
recover the encroached area, and in July 2012, commenced OS 678/2012 against
Rangoon Investment Pte Ltd (“Rangoon Investment”) and 29 other defendants.
Subsequently, Fragrance Realty discontinued proceedings against the 22nd and
23rd defendants on 3 August 2012. Counsel for Fragrance Realty, Mr David Ong
(“Mr Ong”), informed the court that the 5th, 9th and 10th defendants were not
opposing the present originating summons (OS 678/2012). Fragrance Realty was
proceeding against Rangoon Investment, who was represented by Ms Stephanie
Hong, and the remaining 24 defendants who were represented by Mr Mak Kok Weng
(“Mr Mak”). For convenience, Rangoon Investment and the remaining 24
defendants are hereinafter collectively referred to as “the present
defendants”. The individual names of the present defendants can be found in
Annexure A to this Grounds of Decision. The present defendants are the current
subsidiary proprietors of Amazing Inn.

3 Fragrance Realty sought, _inter alia_ : (a) a declaration that the present
defendants’ adverse title to the encroached area had been extinguished; (b) an
order that the present defendants vacate the encroached area as well as
demolish and set back the retaining wall; and (c) damages as a consequence of
the present defendants’ encroachment. For convenience, the precise prayers
sought by Fragrance Realty in OS 678/2012 are set out in Annexure A to this
Grounds of Decision.

4 Whilst some of the present defendants are the same as the OS 827 defendants,
others are the successors-in-title of the remaining OS 827 defendants. The
present defendants sought to argue that they had possessory title to the
encroached area by reason of adverse possession. In the alternative, the
present defendants claimed that they had acquired an easement by prescription
over the encroached area.

5 An oral decision on OS 678/2012 was handed down on 20 March 2013. I now set
out the full grounds for my decision.

Undisputed facts

6 Fragrance Realty is in the business of real estate development. As stated,
on 10 November 2010, it purchased the Property from Shell, which had
previously used the Property as a petrol station.

7 In 1961, the developers of Amazing Inn erected a retaining wall (_ie_ , the
retaining wall described at [2] above) for the development. This retaining
wall was erected on the Property, and, as mentioned at [2] above, the
encroached area is the area between the retaining wall and the boundary line
of Amazing Inn. Since 1961, the residents of Amazing Inn have used the
encroached area to park their cars and store their personal belongings in an
aluminium shed put there.

8 It appears that Shell did not object to the encroachment until 1996 (see
[37] below). I should first explain that on 26 November 1992, the Property was
brought under the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 LTA”), the
then equivalent of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the 2004
LTA”), and a qualified title was issued in respect of it. On 2 May 1996, the
caution on the qualified title was cancelled pursuant to an application made
by Shell.

9 By the time Shell commenced OS 827/1997 to recover the encroached area, the
doctrine of adverse possession had already been abolished by the Land Titles
Act 1993 (Act No 27 of 1993) (“the 1993 LTA”), which replaced the 1985 LTA.
Nonetheless, the OS 827 defendants still raised a claim of adverse possession
to challenge OS 827/1997.

10 In _Shell Eastern_ , Khoo J dismissed Shell’s application, finding that the
OS 827 defendants’ adverse title was valid notwithstanding: (a) their failure
to lodge a caveat under the 1993 LTA to protect their adverse title (see [13]
below); and (b) the fact that Shell’s title to the Property had become
unqualified upon its application to cancel the caution on its qualified title.
Khoo J was doubtful as to whether the OS 827 defendants’ interests were
disclosed at the time Shell applied for the caution on its title to be removed
(see [12] below).

The adverse possession argument

Legislative history

11 As this case concerns the application of the 2004 LTA, it is useful to
outline the history of this Act at the outset. There was first the Land Titles
Act (Cap 276, 1970 Rev Ed). In 1985, a revised edition, _viz_ , the 1985 LTA,
was published. Then, the 1993 LTA, which came into operation on 1 March 1994,
abolished the doctrine of adverse possession and made significant changes to
the law on adverse possession. Subsequently, further revised editions of the
1993 LTA came into being in 1994 (_viz_ , the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 1994
Rev Ed) (“the 1994 LTA”)) and 2004 (_viz_ , the 2004 LTA). It should be borne
in mind that while the 2004 LTA applies in the present case, reference will be
made in this Grounds of Decision to previous versions of the legislation and
certain sections of the applicable provisions referred to now appear in a
different form.

The decision in Shell Eastern

12 Mr Mak relied solely on the decision in _Shell Eastern_ to assert the
present defendants’ adverse title to the encroached area. It was common ground
that the encroached area was the same strip of land that was in dispute in
_Shell Eastern_. In _Shell Eastern_ , Khoo J held that as the OS 827
defendants’ title to the encroached area by adverse possession had
crystallised in 1973 before the Property was brought under the Torrens system
to become registered land, s 177(3) of the 1993 LTA applied to preserve the OS
827 defendants’ rights as adverse possessors. In particular, Khoo J seemed to
be influenced by the ease with which the caution on the qualified title of
Shell, the registered proprietor of the Property, could be unilaterally
cancelled by Shell to the detriment of any subsisting interests of the OS 827
defendants. Khoo J found that Shell knew of the encroachment on the Property
by the retaining wall and yet applied to cancel the caution on its qualified
title (see _Shell Eastern_ at [31]). While Khoo J did not find fraud or lack
of _bona fides_ on the part of Shell since this was not argued, he noted that
“it would be only too easy for a registered proprietor to make an application,
_ex parte_ , to the Registrar to have a caution cancelled without disclosing
any subsisting un-notified encumbrances, and to then claim to hold the land
free of them” (see _Shell Eastern_ at [32]). Based on this reasoning, Khoo J
concluded that “the cancellation of a caution on the application of the
original proprietor cannot be reliably treated as a definitive event to bring
about indefeasibility in the way that a sale to a purchaser ... would be” (see
_Shell Eastern_ at [32]).

13 Accordingly, Khoo J held at [12] of _Shell Eastern_ that:

... The failure of the [OS 827] defendants to lodge a caveat would only have
had an adverse effect on them in relation to a purchaser from [Shell]. _Vis-à-
vis_ [Shell] as the original registered proprietor against whom the [OS 827]
defendants had acquired title by adverse possession, the absence of a caveat
had no effect on the [OS 827] defendants’ title.

14 The learned judge reiterated his conclusion at [35] of _Shell Eastern_ ,
which reads as follows:

It is my conclusion, therefore, that the [OS 827] defendants’ _adverse title_
, which had matured long before the land was brought under the provisions of
the Land Titles Act, _remains valid_ notwithstanding the fact that they never
lodged any caveat while the land was subject to qualified title and
notwithstanding that [Shell’s] title has since become unqualified as a result
of the cancellation of the caution. _The [OS 827] defendants’ title, however,
stands on an extremely precarious footing. It is exposed to the risk of being
over-reached by a purchaser from [Shell], as it has not been notified on the
register_. That is a consequence to which all persons who have an interest in
registered land which is not within the exceptions in s 46 [of the 1993 LTA]
or which has not been notified on the register, are exposed. Whether the [OS
827] defendants can still protect their interest by lodging a caveat in
accordance with the general provisions of s 115 is not a matter before me.
[emphasis added]

15 It is quite clear that _Shell Eastern_ was an _in personam_ judgment. There
is a fundamental distinction between judgments _in rem_ and judgments _in
personam_ or _inter partes_ judgments. A judgment _in rem_ determines the
status of a particular subject matter and is binding on the world at large,
including third parties (see _Payna Chettiar v Low Meng Seng and others_
[1998] 1 SLR(R) 657 at [24] and _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 10
(LexisNexis, 2006 Reissue) at para 120.209). On the other hand, a judgment _in
personam_ is _inter partes_ and is conclusive only as between the parties and
their privies of its existence, its date and its legal consequences (see
_Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 405 at
[21] and _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 10 (LexisNexis, 2006 Reissue) at
para 120.208). Although _Shell Eastern_ concerned the right to real property,
it was clear from the terms of Khoo J’s decision that the decision only bound
Shell and the OS 827 defendants. In that case, the OS 827 defendants’ title
was held to be valid against Shell as the original registered proprietor, but
not against a third-party purchaser from Shell (see _Shell Eastern_ at [12]
and [34]).

16 As stated, Shell did not appeal against Khoo J’s decision. Hence, the
rights which the OS 827 defendants acquired as a result of the _Shell Eastern_
decision were created by the decision itself. The OS 827 defendants’ position
after the _Shell Eastern_ decision was _sui generis_. Their rights over the
encroached area were akin to but not entirely consistent with those of
licensees, in that their rights involved exclusive possession of the
encroached area and were irrevocable as long as Shell remained the registered
proprietor of the Property.

17 Notwithstanding Khoo J’s use of the phrase “defendants’ adverse title” in
[35] of _Shell Eastern_ , no proprietary interest over the encroached area was
actually conferred on the OS 827 defendants; their rights were enforceable
only against Shell pursuant to Khoo J’s judgment, and a third-party purchaser
from Shell could overreach their “title”. Moreover, the holding in _Shell
Eastern_ was quite narrow: Khoo J did not grant any positive relief and merely
dismissed Shell’s application, expressly declining to consider whether the OS
827 defendants could still somehow protect their adverse title by lodging a
caveat in the approved form (see _Shell Eastern_ at [35]). In the present
originating summons (OS 678/2012), the rights of Fragrance Realty and the
present defendants had to be determined afresh according to the current
prevailing law, _ie_ , the 2004 LTA.

Absence of a protective caveat

18 The present defendants did not dispute that no caveat had been lodged to
protect their interests as adverse possessors of the encroached area. However,
they relied on _Shell Eastern_ as well as the case of _Liwen Holdings Pte Ltd
v Ng Ker San and another and other actions_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 743 (“ _Liwen
Holdings_ ”) as authority for the proposition that since their title by
adverse possession had crystallised long before the Property became registered
land, their adverse title was preserved and could not be overreached by a
subsequent purchaser who, in this particular case, knew about the encroachment
before it bought the Property from Shell.

19 For ease of reference, I set out briefly those provisions in the various
predecessor versions of the 2004 LTA that are relevant to adverse possession.
Before the 1993 LTA came into operation on 1 March 1994, an adverse possessor
of unregistered land could acquire possessory title, provided that at least 12
years had elapsed since the date of commencement of the adverse possession
(see ss 9(1) and 18 of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the
Limitation Act”)). The 1993 LTA abolished the doctrine of adverse possession,
albeit with certain savings provisions for possessory rights which had already
crystallised. With regard to unregistered land, s 177(3) of the 1993 LTA
effectively preserved title acquired by adverse possession which had already
crystallised as at 1 March 1994. Section 177(3) of the 1993 LTA provided as
follows:

(3)Nothing in this section [_ie_ s 177, which amended the Limitation Act to
preclude an action to recover land from an adverse possessor] shall —

(_a_)enable any action to be brought which was barred by the Limitation Act
immediately before the commencement of the [1993 LTA] (referred to in this
subsection as the appointed day);

(_b_)affect any action commenced before the appointed day; or

(_c_)revive any title to land which was extinguished by the operation of the
Limitation Act in force immediately before the appointed day.

20 With regard to registered land, s 50 of the 1993 LTA (which now appears,
_mutatis mutandis_ , as s 50 in the 2004 LTA) precluded the acquisition of
title by adverse possession. Section 50 of the 2004 LTA now provides that:

Except as provided in section 174(7) and (8), no title to land adverse to or
in derogation of the title of a proprietor of registered land shall be
acquired by any length of possession by virtue of the Limitation Act (Cap.
163) or otherwise, nor shall the title of any proprietor of registered land be
extinguished by the operation of that Act.

21 Sections 174(7) and 174(8) of the 2004 LTA, the savings provisions in
respect of registered land, read as follows:

(7)Where at any time before 1st March 1994 a person —

(_a_)was in adverse possession of any registered land; and

(_b_)has lodged an application for a possessory title to the land under the
provisions of the repealed Act [_ie_ the 1985 LTA] and the application has not
been withdrawn but is on that date pending in the Land Titles Registry,

the application shall be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of the
repealed Act in force immediately before that date.

(8)Where at any time before 1st March 1994 a person —

(_a_)was in adverse possession of any registered land; and

(_b_)was entitled to lodge an application for a possessory title to the land
under the provisions of the repealed Act which were in force immediately
before that date,

he may, within 6 months of that date make an application to court for an order
to vest the title in him or lodge an application for a possessory title to the
land and the application shall be dealt with in accordance with the provisions
of the repealed Act in force immediately before that date.

22 In _Liwen Holdings_ , the adverse possessors’ title crystallised before the
land was converted to registered land in June 1994. No caveat was lodged and
the land was subsequently sold to the plaintiff. The learned judge in _Liwen
Holdings_ was of the opinion that s 50 of the 1993 LTA did not apply where
title by adverse possession had crystallised before 1 March 1994, and, thus, s
177(3) of the 1993 LTA applied to preserve the adverse possessors’ rights
notwithstanding the fact that no caveat had been lodged (see _Liwen Holdings_
at [40]–[42]). Similarly, Khoo J in _Shell Eastern_ held that s 50 of the 1993
LTA did not apply as the OS 827 defendants’ title by adverse possession had
crystallised long before the Property became registered land. Section 177(3)
of the 1993 LTA therefore barred Shell from reviving its title to the
encroached area (see _Shell Eastern_ at [21]–[22]).

23 In my view, _Shell Eastern_ and _Liwen Holdings_ do not assist the present
defendants. These two cases are no longer good law in light of the later Court
of Appeal decision of _TSM Development Pte Ltd v Leonard Stephanie Celine née
Pereira_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 721 (“ _TSM Development_ ”), which was followed in
_Fones Christina v Cheong Eng Khoon Roland_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 803. In _TSM
Development_ , the Court of Appeal criticised the decisions in _Shell Eastern_
and _Liwen Holdings_ (see the discussion of these two cases at [38]–[40] and
[41]–[42] respectively of _TSM Development_). The Court of Appeal also
explicitly rejected the proposition that s 50 of the 1994 LTA (now s 50 of the
2004 LTA) was inapplicable whenever possessory title crystallised before the
land became registered land (see _TSM Development_ at [27]–[28]). Rather, the
correct position was that this section did not apply only where title by
adverse possession crystallised before the land in question became registered
land, _provided_ that land continued to be _unregistered land as at 1 March
1994_ (see _TSM Development_ at [32]). As for s 177(3) of the 1993 LTA, the
Court of Appeal held that although this provision preserved crystallised
possessory title in land that remained unregistered as at 1 March 1994, it did
not do so indefinitely; if the adverse possessor failed to lodge a caveat
before the registered proprietor’s title became unqualified, his rights would
effectively lapse pursuant to s 46(1) of the 1994 LTA (also s 46(1) in the
2004 LTA), which provides that the estate of the registered proprietor shall
be paramount subject only to a few exceptions (see _TSM Development_ at [45]).

24 The proper approach to the present defendants’ claim of adverse possession
is summarised in _TSM Development_ at [48] as follows:

... In dealing with adverse possession claims, the key question to consider is
whether or not the land was registered land on that date [_ie_ 1 March 1994].
If the land was already registered land by that time and 12 years of adverse
possession had not been completed yet, s 50 of the new LTA [_ie_ the 1994 LTA]
would preclude the adverse possessor from perfecting his inchoate title. In
contrast, if the land was registered land as at 1 March 1994 and possessory
title had already been acquired, such title would be upheld only if the case
came within s 172(7) or the adverse possessor complied with s 172(8) [ss
174(7) and 174(8) respectively in the 2004 LTA]. ...

25 Taking 1961 as the date of commencement of adverse possession, Shell’s
title to the encroached area would have been extinguished by 1973. However,
although 12 years of adverse possession had been completed as at 1 March 1994,
the Property had also been converted to registered land. Section 50 of the
2004 LTA applied such that the present defendants could only assert an adverse
title if they fell within s 174(7) or s 174(8) of the 2004 LTA. As the present
defendants did not lodge a caveat in respect of their interest in the
encroached area within the requisite time period, they did not fall within the
exceptions to s 50 of the 2004 LTA and thus did not acquire adverse title to
the encroached area. Accordingly, Fragrance Realty’s title to the encroached
area has not been extinguished by the adverse possession of the present
defendants and/or their predecessors in title, the OS 827 defendants
(hereafter referred to collectively as “the present/OS 827 defendants” where
appropriate): see _TSM Development_ at [48].

Bona fide purchaser

26 Mr Mak argued that Fragrance Realty knew of the encroachment before it
purchased the Property and, as such, Fragrance Realty was not a _bona fide_
purchaser of the Property. Thus, the present defendants’ adverse title to the
encroached area was preserved and could not be overreached by Fragrance
Realty, which bought the Property knowing of the encroachment. In light of the
discussion above, the present defendants’ _bona fide_ purchaser argument was
misconceived: the _bona fides_ of a purchaser, in terms of whether it knows of
an encroachment on registered land which it intends to buy, is irrelevant in
this area of the law. As Mr Ong rightly pointed out, the principle of
indefeasibility of title in s 47(1) of the 2004 LTA provides that except in
the case of fraud, a purchaser of registered land is not affected by notice of
any unregistered interest, notwithstanding any rule of law or equity to the
contrary. Further, both s 47(2) and s 49(2) of the 2004 LTA clarify that
knowledge of any unregistered interest does not itself amount to fraud. The
effect of these provisions is that Fragrance Realty’s knowledge of the present
defendants’ encroachment on the Property and/or their unregistered interest in
the encroached area as adverse possessors has no bearing on the question of
title to that parcel of land. However, Fragrance Realty’s knowledge is
relevant in assessing the other reliefs that it sought in OS 678/2012 (see
[38] below).

The easement argument

27 The present defendants claimed in the alternative an easement by
prescription over the encroached area (the servient tenement for the purposes
of the easement argument), on the basis that the OS 827 defendants (as the
present defendants’ predecessors-in-title) had used the encroached area to
park their cars and store their personal belongings for more than 20 years. In
response, Mr Ong contended that an easement could not be established on the
facts for the following reasons: (a) the OS 827 defendants had acquired title
to the encroached area as adverse possessors by 1973 and, as such, the present
defendants could only show user of the encroached area as a “servient
tenement” for 12 years (_ie_ , from 1961 to 1973); and (b) the present
defendants’ exclusive possession of the encroached area was fatal to their
claim to an easement over that area.

28 The basic principles of law governing the acquisition of rights by
prescription were not in dispute before me. Accordingly, the three issues to
be decided in relation to the present defendants’ easement argument were as
follows:

(a) First, could the present defendants show user of an easement over the
encroached area for a continuous period of 20 years?

(b) Second, did the rights claimed by the present defendants over the
encroached area oust the possession of Fragrance Realty (the servient owner)
such that these alleged rights could not amount in law to an easement over the
encroached area?

(c) Third, did Fragrance Realty and/or its predecessor-in-title, Shell,
consent to or acquiesce in the acquisition of the alleged easement by the
present/OS 827 defendants?

20 years’ continuous user

29 Singapore law recognises the acquisition of an easement by prescription
under the doctrine of the lost modern grant, albeit within circumscribed
limits (see _Xpress Print Pte Ltd v. Monocrafts Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 614
and _Lim Hong Seng v East Coast Medicare Centre Pte Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 680
(“ _Lim Hong Seng_ ”)). Under the doctrine of the lost modern grant, the court
presumes, on proof of 20 years’ continuous user as of right (_ie_ , user that
is not forcible (_nec vi_), not secret (_nec clam_) and not permissive under a
licence (_nec precario_) (see _Sturges v Bridgman_ (1879) 11 Ch D 852) (“
_Sturges v Bridgman_ ”)), that an easement of the right enjoyed has been
expressly granted but that the deed of grant has been lost. This fiction
operates even though it may be clear that no grant was ever made. In the
context of registered land, an easement by prescription will only be valid if
the easement was already subsisting at the date on which the land concerned
became registered land (see s 46(1)(ii) of the 2004 LTA and _Lim Hong Seng_ at
[52]). Thus, the present defendants must show user of an easement over the
encroached area for the 20 years preceding 26 November 1992 (the date on which
the Property became registered land) in order to establish their claim. That
is, the present defendants bear the burden of establishing that from 26
November 1972 onwards, there was at least 20 years’ uninterrupted enjoyment of
an easement over the encroached area by the present/OS 827 defendants for the
purpose of parking their cars and storing their personal belongings.

30 Apart from the requirement of 20 years’ continuous user, the elements of an
easement demonstrate that an easement must be a right over _someone else’s_
land, and not one’s own land. Easements have four basic characteristics: (a)
there must be a dominant tenement and a servient tenement; (b) the alleged
easement must “accommodate” the dominant tenement; (c) the owner of the
dominant tenement (_ie_ , the dominant owner) and the owner of the servient
tenement (_ie_ , the servient owner) must be different persons; and (d) the
alleged easement must be capable of being the subject matter of a grant (see
_Re Ellenborough Park_ [1956] Ch 131; _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 14
(LexisNexis, 2009 Reissue) at para 170.0382). In the present context, the
present defendants could have an easement over the encroached area only if
their predecessors in title, the OS 827 defendants, did _not_ have possessory
title to that parcel of land from 26 November 1972 onwards. However, it is not
disputed that the OS 827 defendants’ title to the encroached area as adverse
possessors had already crystallised by 1973.

31 Arguably, if an adverse possessor fails to lodge a caveat to protect his
interest as required by the 2004 LTA, the question arises as to whether his
possessory title _vis-à-vis_ the registered proprietor is extinguished “ _ab
initio”_ or only after he fails to lodge a caveat in respect of his possessory
title within the prescribed time. The latter seemed to be the position taken
by Mr Ong, such that the OS 827 defendants remained the “owners” of the
encroached area by adverse possession from 1973 until the time when the title
to the Property became unqualified, at which point the OS 827 defendants were
precluded from claiming adverse possession. In contrast, Mr Mak argued that a
possessory title was extinguished _vis-à-vis_ the registered proprietor “ _ab
initio_ ” if the adverse possessor failed to lodge a caveat to protect his
interest. Even though counsel stated their respective positions, they did not
fully address the point. In these circumstances, it is unsatisfactory for me
to try to dispose of this issue. In any event, I did not have to decide this
issue as the easement argument could be resolved on other grounds.

Ouster of the possession of the servient owner

32 The second issue set out at [28] above was whether the rights claimed by
the present defendants over the encroached area (_ie_ , the right to park
their cars and store their personal belongings) were consistent with the
nature of an easement. For a right to be properly regarded as an easement, it
cannot oust the possession of the servient owner (see _Tan Sook Yee’s
Principles of Land Law_ (Tan Sook Yee _et al_ eds) (LexisNexis, 2009) at p 628
and _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 14 (LexisNexis, 2009 Reissue) at para
170.0399).

33 Mr Ong cited various authorities like _Copeland v Greenhalf_ [1952] Ch 488,
_Lim Hong Seng, Grigsby v Melville_ [1972] 1 WLR 1355 and _Sturges v Bridgman_
(see [29] above) in support of the proposition that no easement in law could
have been acquired in the present case because Fragrance Realty and/or its
predecessor-in-title (_ie_ , Shell) could not physically prevent the
present/OS 827 defendants from using the encroached area because of the
retaining wall. In other words, the present/OS 827 defendants had possession
of the servient tenement to the exclusion of the servient owner.

34 While I agreed with the principles espoused by the authorities cited by Mr
Ong, I was also aware of other cases which recognised as easements rights that
involved the exclusive occupation of the servient tenement. The House of Lords
in _Moncrieff v Jamieson_ [2007] 1 WLR 2620 (“ _Moncrieff_ ”) held that a
right to park vehicles on the servient tenement was capable of being
constituted as ancillary to an express grant of a right of access over the
servient tenement in so far as the former right was reasonably incidental to
the enjoyment of the dominant tenement. What is important to note for present
purposes is that Lord Scott of Foscote and Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury
endorsed the view that “a right can be an easement notwithstanding that the
dominant owner effectively enjoys exclusive occupation, on the basis that the
essential requirement is that the servient owner retains possession and
control” (see _Moncrieff_ at [57], [59] and [143]). However, Lord Neuberger
also emphasised that as this point was not necessary to dispose of the appeal
and had not been fully addressed by counsel, “it would be dangerous to try and
identify [the] degree of ouster ... required to disqualify a right from
constituting a servitude or easement” (see _Moncrieff_ at [143]). It should be
noted that in _Moncrieff_ , the House of Lords’ holding was limited to whether
a right to park on the servient tenement could be implied as being ancillary
to an _express grant_ of a right of vehicular access over that parcel of land.
Moreover, the circumstances of that case were unique in that there was no
difficulty or “significant harm to the interests of the servient owner” since
the predecessors-in-title of the parties had effectively agreed that a right
to park would be limited to two vehicles at any time (see _Moncrieff_ at
[145]–[146]).

35 Given the appropriate set of facts, the right to park is capable of
existing as an easement in law. However, it was quite clear that factually,
this case fell on the side of the authorities cited by Mr Ong such that the
present defendants’ claim of the acquisition by prescription of an easement of
parking over the encroached area could not succeed. No easement by
prescription could be made out as the facts in evidence demonstrated that the
servient owner (previously Shell and now, Fragrance Realty) had no beneficial
use of or control over the encroached area. Indeed, the right claimed by the
present defendants would render the actual ownership of the servient owner
illusory. The encroached area was enclosed by the retaining wall to form part
of the compound of Amazing Inn. The retaining wall was a clear manifestation
of possession of the encroached area by the present/OS 827 defendants, to the
exclusion of Shell/Fragrance Realty on the other side of the retaining wall.
The retaining wall cut off access between the Property and the encroached
area. Thus, the regular parking of vehicles by the present/OS 827 defendants
and their storage of personal belongings in the aluminium shed there, within
the perimeters of Amazing Inn’s premises, constituted the taking of exclusive
possession of the encroached area. The right of the servient owner (_viz_ ,
Shell/Fragrance Realty) to use the encroached area was completely curtailed
for all periods.

Whether there was consent or acquiescence by the servient owner

36 The present defendants also failed on the third issue set out at [28]
above. Consent or acquiescence on the part of the servient owner lies at the
root of prescription. As stated by Parker LJ in _Mills and Another v Silver
and Others_ [1991] 1 Ch 271 at 288:

... [T]he crucial matter for consideration is whether for the necessary period
the use is such as to bring home to the mind of a reasonable person that a
continuous right of enjoyment is being asserted. If it is and the owner of the
allegedly servient tenement knows or must be taken to know of it and does
nothing about it the right is established. ...

37 In the present case, the facts in evidence showed that at best, Shell
became aware of the encroachment on the Property only on 5 January 1996.[note:
1] This means that there was less than 20 years of continuous user of the
encroached area before the Property became registered land on 26 November
1992. The present defendants’ claim to an easement by prescription therefore
failed.

Damages

38 In OS 678/2012, Fragrance Realty sought various declarations and orders,
including an order that the present defendants pay damages to it for the loss
and damage arising as a consequence of their encroachment on the Property.
Fragrance Realty alleged that such encroachment had held up its development of
the Property. The present defendants, however, claimed that Fragrance Realty
stopped construction work on the Property unilaterally, and that it already
had notice of the encroachment before it purchased the Property from Shell. In
support of this contention, the present defendants exhibited a copy of a
topographical survey on the Property dated 16 September 2010.[note: 2] That
survey showed encroachment on the Property and it appeared to be prepared for
one Dr James Koh. On its part, Fragrant Realty exhibited a similar (but
simplified) topographical survey on the Property dated 7 June 2012.[note: 3]

39 I agreed with Mr Mak’s submission that Fragrance Realty knew or, at the
very least, ought to have known of the present defendants’ encroachment before
it purchased the Property from Shell. The two topographical surveys were
similar and were prepared by the same registered surveyor. “Dr. James Koh”
appeared to be the alias of Koh Wee Meng, the managing director of Fragrance
Realty.[note: 4] Moreover, this very encroachment had been at the centre of
the _Shell Eastern_ litigation, which lasted from 1997 to 1999.

40 In light of the above, while Fragrance Realty succeeded on the point that
the present defendants had no adverse title to nor any easement over the
encroached area, I declined to award Fragrance Realty any damages. I agreed
with the present defendants’ arguments that Fragrance Realty had not acted
reasonably in commencing construction work on the Property with the knowledge
that the present defendants were using the encroached area. It went ahead with
construction works on the Property and did not act promptly to take legal
action against the present defendants. It waited for almost two years after
acquiring the Property before commencing OS 678/2012. Fragrance Realty did not
explain why it made no protest against the present defendants’ use of the
encroached area for almost two years. Indeed, Fragrance Realty implicitly
permitted the present defendants to continue using the encroached area for
almost two years after it purchased the Property from Shell. This is
significant for the reason that it undermines Fragrance Realty’s damages
claim. Moreover, if there was any delay as alleged, Fragrance Realty was
instrumental in causing the delay to the development of the Property. It was
only in OS 678/2012 that Fragrance Realty alleged that its development of the
Property was held up because of the present defendants’ trespass. It seems to
me that the alleged loss arising from the delay in construction was avoidable.
Applying the avoidable loss rule in mitigation, Fragrance Realty cannot
recover damages in respect of its alleged loss which it could have avoided by
taking reasonable steps. Accordingly, I disallowed Fragrance Realty’s claim
for damages arising from the present defendants’ use of the encroached area,
which use was already subsisting at the time Fragrance Realty acquired the
Property.

Conclusion

41 For the reasons above, I granted a declaration that Fragrance Realty’s
title to the encroached area (that part of Lot 6219X, Mukim 25 highlighted in
blue and annexed to OS 678/2012) had not been extinguished by adverse
possession on the part of the present defendants. In light of this, I made no
order as to prayers (1) to (3) of OS 678/2012 (see Annexure A to the Grounds
of Decision for the precise terms of the prayers (1) to (3)).

42 I further ordered that the present defendants remove at their own cost and
expense all sheds, altars, moveable property and other structures from the
encroached area within _one month_ of the date of this order, failing which
Fragrance Realty would be at liberty to do the same at the cost and expense of
the present defendants. As for the retaining wall encroaching on the Property,
I ordered Fragrance Realty to demolish that retaining wall and re-site a
dividing wall in the correct position at its own cost and expense. Further,
the demolition of the retaining wall was to be subject to the same one-month
time limit granted to the present defendants. This dealt with prayers (4) and
(5) of OS 678/2012. I made no orders on prayers (6) and (7), which were, in my
opinion, unnecessary.

43 As for the damages sought in prayer (8) of OS 678/2012, in light of my
findings above, I ordered that if the present defendants failed to vacate the
encroached area within one month of the date of this order, Fragrance Realty
was at liberty to pursue a separate claim against them for damages for
trespass.

44 Finally, I ordered the respective parties to bear their own costs of this
action.

**ANNEXURE A**

_Prayers sought by the Plaintiffs, FRAGRANCE REALTY PTE LTD in OS No 678 of
2012/M against 1) RANGOON INVESTMENT PTE LTD (D1)_ _2) IRENE HOE KIM LUAN
(D2)_ _3) TAN MAU KIEN (D3) 4) HO CHIONG SONG alias HO HIONG SONG (D4) 5) SONG
CHUE CHAN (D5) 6) LIM SOON WAH (D6) 7) LEE TAI KOON (D7) 8) LEE TAH FEI (D8)
9) ONG MOH NYUET (D9) 10) NG SOCK SUAN (D10) 11) LEE LAY CHENG (D11) 12) LEE
KHENG HENG (D12) 13) YEE SWEE KHONG (D13) 14) TEO JOCK SONG (D14) 15) YEO
KHOON GEE (D15) 16) RAJASULOSNA (D16) 17) MADHAVAN S/O RAMANAIR GOVINDA NAIR
(D17) 18) HUANG CHENGHONG (D18) 19) HUANG MEI ZHEN (D19) 20) ONG CHYE HENG
(D20) 21) LOI SOO MOI (D21) 22) LEW CHING HOON (D24) 23) TAY CHOON HEE (D25)
24) LEE LAY CHENG (D26) 25) YEK NAI KING (D27) 26) CHEN LIHONG (D28) 27) TAN
TECK HENG (D29) 28) HO MEI YONG (D30) (collectively referred to as “the
Defendants”)_

1\. That the Plaintiffs are granted a declaration that they are the true and
rightful owners of all the property situate at 340 Geylang Road, Singapore as
highlighted in red on the plan of the property annexed to the Originating
Summons No 678 of 2012 (“the Plaintiffs’ Premises”).

2\. A declaration that the Defendants’ entitlement or title as adverse
possessors of the strip of land shaded and highlighted in blue on the plan of
the property annexed to the Originating Summons No 678 of 2012 has been
extinguished (“the Encroached Area”).

3\. A declaration that the Concrete Wall standing on the Plaintiffs’ Premises
as shown in the plan annexed to the Originating Summons No 678 of 2012 is
encroaching on the Plaintiffs’ Premises.

4\. That the Defendants be ordered to demolish and remove the Concrete Wall
and its foundation within 7 days from the order to be made hereon at the
Defendants’ costs failing which the Plaintiffs, their employees, agents,
servants, workmen or contractor shall be at liberty to demolish and remove the
Concrete Wall and its foundation at the costs of the Defendants.

5\. That the Defendants be ordered to remove all moveable property or sheds or
altars or metal fence or structures in the Encroached Area within 7 days from
the date of the order to be made hereon at the Defendants’ costs failing which
the Plaintiffs, their employees, agents, servants, workmen or contractor shall
be at liberty to demolish, remove and discard, without liability whatsoever,
such moveable property or sheds or altars or metal fence or structures in the
Encroached Area at the costs of the Defendants.

6\. That the Defendants provide to the Plaintiffs, their employees, agents,
servants, workmen or contractor to carry out the aforesaid works.

7\. That the Defendants, their servants or agents undertake not to interfere
with the management and execution of the aforesaid works.

8\. That the Defendants be ordered to pay to the Plaintiffs their loss and
damage arising from the Defendants’ encroachment of the Plaintiffs’ Premises,
such loss and damage to be assessed.

9\. That the Defendants be ordered to pay to the Plaintiffs the costs of this
action to be agreed or taxed; and

10\. Such further or other relief as the Honourable Court deems fit.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Bundle of Affidavits filed in OS 827/1997 at Tab B; _Shell
Eastern_ at [31].

[note: 2]Affidavit of Lim Soon Wah (6th Defendant), Exhibit LSW 1.

[note: 3]Affidavit of Koh Wee Meng, Exhibit KWM-3 at Tab 3.

[note: 4]_Ibid_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Mar 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

