Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lam Hwa Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd _v_ Yang Qiang  
[2013] SGHC 42

Case Number| :| Registrar's Appeal from Subordinate Courts No 32 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 February 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Niru Pillai (Global Law Alliance LLC) for the Appellant;
Belinder Kaur Nijar (Hoh Law Corporation) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lam Hwa Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd — Yang Qiang  
  
20 February 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the District Judge (“the DJ”) in
_Yang Qiang v Lam Hwa Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd_ [2012] SGDC 31 (“the
GD”). The sole issue which arose for my consideration in this appeal was
whether the travel expenses of a successful litigant, for the purposes of
trial in Singapore, are claimable as part of disbursements in a standard bill
of costs.

Facts

2 Yang Qiang (“the Respondent”) was a foreign Chinese worker who instituted a
personal injury claim against Lam Hwa Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd (“the
Appellant”). However, on the first day of the trial, the action was settled
between both parties, with a final judgment dated 25 July 2011 being entered
against the Appellant by consent.

3 The Respondent duly filed a bill of costs (“the Bill”) on 21 October 2011 to
be taxed by a Deputy Registrar of the Subordinate Courts (“the DR”) on a
standard basis. On 18 November 2011, the DR certified that the Bill had been
taxed and that section 3 of the Bill was disallowed. Section 3 of the Bill
contained the Respondent’s claim for disbursements, which included:

(a) the Respondent’s return air tickets to Shanghai, totalling $1,113.00; and

(b) the Respondent’s expenses incurred in China to travel to and from the
Pudong International Airport in Shanghai, totalling $95.00.

4 The Respondent subsequently sought a review before the DJ of the DR’s
decision in disallowing his travel expenses. Both parties were represented by
counsel at the various proceedings below.

Decision below

5 In reversing the DR’s decision (on 6 February 2012), the DJ, in the GD, held
that the Respondent was entitled to recover his travel expenses within China
and also his airfares to and from Singapore for the trial (see the GD at
[13]).

6 The DJ referred to the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Rajabali Jumabhoy
and Others v Ameerali R Jumabhoy and Others_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 576 (“ _Jumabhoy_
”), which the Appellant had relied on to support its case. According to the
DJ, _Jumabhoy_ merely stood for the proposition that “a party to an action in
court is not entitled to claim for his attendance in court” (see the GD at
[16]), but did not deal with the “entirely different proposition” as to
whether the _travel expenses to attend court in Singapore_ should be claimable
(see the GD at [17]). Since the Court of Appeal did not deal with the latter
issue, the DJ rejected the Appellant’s interpretation of _Jumabhoy_.

7 The DJ then held that the Appellant, being a tortfeasor, must take the
consequences that flowed naturally from its negligence. One of the
consequences was that the Respondent had to mount an action in Singapore, and
therefore had to travel to and from Singapore. These expenses, according to
the DJ, were “incurred only because the [Appellant] was liable to [the
Respondent] for causing injury, in the first place” (see the GD at [20]). The
DJ further elaborated that the Respondent was a foreign worker who, upon
suffering the injury, was not able to continue working and therefore could not
have stayed on in Singapore even if he had wanted to. The Respondent’s travel
expenses were therefore “reasonably incurred” pursuant to O 59 r 27(2) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”), which states:

(2) On a taxation of costs on the standard basis, there shall be allowed a
reasonable amount in respect of all costs reasonably incurred…

8 In the result, the DJ allowed the Respondent’s claim for travel expenses in
the sum of $1,208.

The Appellant’s case

9 In its submissions before this Court, the Appellant relied on O 38 r 22 and
O 35 r 1 of the Rules, which state:

**Failure to appear by both parties or one of them (O. 35, r. 1)**

1.—(1) If, when the trial of an action is called on, neither party appears,
the Judge may dismiss the action or make any other order as he thinks fit.

(2) If, when the trial of an action is called on, one party does not appear,
the Judge may proceed with the trial of the action or any counterclaim in the
absence of that party, or may without trial give judgment or dismiss the
action, or make any other order as he thinks fit.

…

**Tender of expenses (O. 38, r. 22)**

22\. A witness shall not be compelled to attend on a subpoena unless a
reasonable sum to cover his expenses of going to, remaining at, and returning
from, Court is extended to him.

10 The Appellant’s primary submission was that while a witness should be paid
reasonable costs for his court attendance (based on O 38 r 22 of the Rules), a
litigant is not entitled to the same. The Appellant submitted that if a
_litigant_ does not attend court, his action (or defence) risks being
dismissed entirely pursuant to O 35 r 1 of the Rules. Since the travel
expenses of the Respondent were incurred simply to meet his _obligations_ to
be in court for the trial, the Appellant submitted that such expenses should
not be recoverable.

11 According to the Appellant, the DJ erred in his interpretation of
_Jumabhoy_ because there is no difference in principle for a litigant between
the opportunity costs of attending court and the costs of travelling to court.
The Appellant’s understanding of _Jumabhoy_ is as follows: since the
opportunity costs of a litigant’s court attendance are not recoverable, it
follows that the travel expenses by a litigant to attend court should not be
recoverable as well.

12 The Appellant also relied on various cases from other Commonwealth
jurisdictions, which will be dealt with in detail below.

The Respondent’s case

13 The submissions of the Respondent, on the other hand, were grounded on the
general notion that all reasonable disbursements incurred by a successful
party should be recoverable. The Respondent submitted that if travel expenses
are not allowed to be recovered, this would cause grave injustice as it would
mean that poor, foreign plaintiffs (who have no choice but to commence legal
proceedings in Singapore) would not be able to afford the travel expenses to
pursue their claim.

14 In response to the Appellant’s reliance on the Rules to draw a distinction
between a litigant and a witness, the Respondent submitted that O 38 r 22 is
“not a proposition for drawing a distinction between a [litigant] and a
witness”. According to the Respondent, O 38 r 22 merely provides for the
recovery of a witness’s expenses, but does not state that a litigant to an
action cannot claim the same as part of reasonable disbursements. The
Respondent also claimed that “[i]n practice, parties have always been able to
claim travel expenses as reasonable disbursements”.

The decision of this Court

15 Having reviewed the arguments and the authorities cited by the parties, I
hold that the Respondent is not prohibited from claiming his travel expenses
as part of “costs reasonably incurred” under O 59 r 27(2) of the Rules. It is
important to note that the word “costs” in O 59 includes “disbursements” (see
O 59 r 1(1)) and disbursements are required to be set out in a bill of costs
as per O 59 r 24(1)(c) of the Rules.

16 I have come to this view having considered the legal position on the issue
(as framed above at [1]) in Singapore and also in other Commonwealth
jurisdictions, as I shall now explain.

The legal position in Singapore

17 While recognizing that there is no direct authority on this point, the
Appellant sought to convince this Court that the law in Singapore prohibits
the Respondent from recovering his travel expenses on two grounds:

(a) first, that O 38 r 22 and O 35 r 1 of the Rules should be read as allowing
only a witness, _but not a litigant_ , to recover travel expenses to court;
and

(b) second, that such a result necessarily flows from the decision of the
Court of Appeal in _Jumabhoy_.

18 I disagree with the Appellant on both grounds for the following reasons.

19 Firstly, contrary to the Appellant’s submission, O 35 r 1 of the Rules does
not make it mandatory for a litigant to attend court _in person_ because he
could always instruct counsel to appear on his behalf. This is clearly stated
in _Singapore Civil Procedure 2013_ (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia,
2013) at para 35/1/2:

At the hearing of an action, the defendant is allowed to either appear in
person or by counsel. Only if both the defendant and counsel are absent may a
default judgment be entered against the defendant. Similarly, _if the
plaintiff is absent but his counsel is present when an action is called on for
hearing, the court cannot just dismiss the action but must allow the
plaintiff’s counsel to present his case and call witnesses_ if he has any in
support.

[emphasis added]

The premise of the Appellant’s submission – that O 35 r 1 obliges the
Respondent to travel to and appear in court – must therefore be qualified.
More importantly, it does not follow logically that just because O 35 r 1
compels a litigant-in-person to appear in court, his travel expenses are
therefore non-recoverable.

20 Secondly, O 38 r 22 of the Rules is a provision which stipulates the rights
of a witness _vis-à-vis the litigant who subpoenas him or her to attend
court_. It is part of O 38 of the Rules, which deals with how evidence is to
be led in court in general. I therefore agree with the Respondent that O 38 r
22 is not a provision stipulating who amongst the parties in a courtroom are
entitled to claim disbursements. The litigant who subpoenas the witness would
be _obliged_ , under O 38 r 22, to compensate the witness’s travel expenses;
but the issue of whether the said litigant is entitled to then claim for and
recover such expenses in a standard bill of costs is an entirely separate
matter not governed by O 38 r 22 of the Rules.

21 Thirdly, I disagree with the Appellant’s interpretation of _Jumabhoy_. In
_Jumabhoy_ , the Court of Appeal held (at [5]) that the fourth respondent, who
was not represented by counsel in the appeal, could not claim for the costs
for attendance:

Although SIS was not represented by counsel before us at the hearing, it is a
party to the appeal, and it has through its solicitors at the material time
filed its case. It should be entitled to the costs of the appeal, although it
should not be entitled to any costs for attendance before us. We therefore
order the appellants to pay to SIS the costs of the appeal, and direct that on
taxation of costs there should be allowed only the costs relating to the issue
of constructive trust and that no costs should be allowed for attendance
before us.

22 While the Court of Appeal did not provide further elaboration, the position
taken in _Jumabhoy_ at [5] can be explained by the undisputed, general rule
that only a solicitor is entitled to claim for his _professional costs_ for
time spent in attending court proceedings (see _The London Scottish Benefit
Society v Chorley, Crawford and Chester_ (1884) 13 QBD 872 (“ _Chorley_ ”)).
The Court in _Jumabhoy_ was not confronted with the issue of disbursements,
let alone the even more specific issue of whether a litigant is entitled to
claim his travel expenses as part of disbursements, as the DJ rightly
observed.

23 More importantly, I am not persuaded by the Appellant’s attempt to lump a
litigant’s claim for “costs for attendance in court” and that for “travel
expenses” in the same category. This is because, strictly speaking, the former
is not even a _disbursement_ to begin with. The High Court in _Ong Jane
Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa and others_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 189 (“ _Ong Jane Rebecca_ ”)
at [11] has helpfully clarified that disbursements refer to “expenses actually
incurred and paid out”. The costs of attendance of a litigant who is not a
solicitor are a measure of the litigant’s _opportunity costs_ for the time
spent attending court. Such costs of attendance are therefore not
“disbursements”, unlike travel expenses; and, thus, the fact that a claim for
“costs for attendance” is generally not allowed (for litigants who are not
solicitors) does not dictate the same result for _all_ claims for “travel
expenses”, as will be further elaborated below.

24 Interestingly, the issue in _Ong Jane Rebecca_ was whether the costs of air
travel (to and from Singapore) of the plaintiff should be recoverable as
disbursements for the purposes of taxation. While the High Court eventually
disallowed the plaintiff’s claim, it held so on the basis that the travel
expenses were not shown to have been “incurred and paid out” by the plaintiff
(_Ong Jane Rebecca_ at [7]). It therefore appears clear to me that the High
Court in _Ong Jane Rebecca_ had reasoned with the understanding that the
plaintiff’s claim for travel expenses was _in principle_ a valid one, provided
that she could furnish proof that they were indeed expenses “incurred and paid
out” by her.

25 For the above reasons, I am of the view that there is no _general
prohibition_ in the law in Singapore that prevents a litigant’s travel
expenses from being recovered as one of the various items of “costs reasonably
incurred” under O 59 r 27(2) of the Rules. However, this merely begs the
question of whether travel expenses for _all purposes_ by a litigant are
recoverable. To address this question, I find it helpful to turn to foreign
case law for assistance, some of which were helpfully brought to my attention
by the Appellant.

The legal position in England

26 In both its written and oral submissions, the Appellant relied heavily on
the English case of _Chorley_ (_supra_ , [22]). The issue before the English
Court of Appeal was whether the successful litigants-in-person, who happened
to be solicitors, were entitled to professional costs and expenses as if they
had engaged a solicitor. In reaching his decision, Bowen LJ stated the
following (at 876-877):

There is a passage in Lord Coke's Commentary, 2 Inst. 288, which it is worth
while to examine, as it affords a key to the true view of the law of costs.
That passage is as follows: "Here is express mention made but of the costs of
his writ, _but it extendeth to all the legal cost of the suit, but not to the
costs and expenses of his travel and loss of time_ , and therefore 'costages'
cometh of the verb 'conster,' and that again of the verb 'constare,' for these
'costages' must 'constare' to the court to be legal costs and expenses." What
does Lord Coke mean by these words? His meaning seems to be that only legal
costs which the Court can measure are to be allowed, and that such legal costs
are to be treated as expenses necessarily arising from the litigation and
necessarily caused by the course which it takes.

[emphasis added]

27 Even though the issue of travel expenses was not present in _Chorley_ at
all, the Appellant highlighted the quote from Lord Coke (emphasized above) to
argue that the travel expenses of a litigant, as with his “loss of time” in
court, are not recoverable. In my respectful view, it is not clear whether
Lord Coke had indeed envisaged that travel expenses for _all purposes_
incurred by a litigant are not recoverable. Nevertheless, what is important is
whether the jurisprudence in England has since proceeded or developed on the
basis that travel expenses for _all purposes_ incurred by a litigant should
not be recoverable. While the Appellant would wish to submit it is so, the
subsequent English cases below would suggest otherwise.

28 In _Harbin v Gordon_ [1914] 2 KB 577 (“ _Harbin v Gordon_ ”), a plaintiff
who lived in Florence recovered judgment in an action in England. Upon
taxation of the plaintiff's costs as between party and party, the Taxing
Master fixed a certain sum as proper to be allowed _in respect of the
plaintiff's travelling and hotel expenses_ , with the condition that the
plaintiff's solicitors produced either a voucher acknowledging the receipt by
the plaintiff from his solicitors of the said sum or a letter from the
plaintiff intimating that he had knowledge of the amount as allowed. The
English Court of Appeal upheld the Taxing Master’s decision, and Buckley LJ so
held (at 586):

The plaintiff, as a party litigant, was not entitled to any allowance, _but as
a witness he was entitled to an allowance like any other witness, and none the
less because he was also a party litigant_. If he had not been a party
litigant, but an ordinary witness, the taxing Master would have been entitled
to require evidence that the amount had been paid before he included it in his
allocatur for recovery from the defendant. The whole question is whether, when
he is a party litigant, the taxing Master is not also entitled to be satisfied
that the amount has been paid or that the plaintiff knows that it is going to
be recovered for him from the defendant. In my opinion he is so entitled.

[emphasis added]

29 The proposition that a litigant was “not entitled to any allowance, but _as
a witness he was entitled to an allowance like any other witness, and none the
less because he was also a party litigant_ ” [emphasis added] contradicts the
Appellant’s case that _all_ travel expenses incurred by a litigant are not
recoverable. It is clear after _Harbin v Gordon_ that while some travel
expenses incurred by a litigant (_ie_ , to instruct counsel, to attend a
watching brief in court) are not recoverable, travel expenses incurred _for
the purposes of attending court as a witness_ should be recoverable. This
proposition of Buckley LJ has since been cited and applied in England in
_Gibbs v Gibbs_ [1952] P 332 (“ _Gibbs_ ”) and _Ammar v Ammar_ [1954] P 468 (“
_Ammar_ ”), and also in Australia in _Rowan v Cornwall (No 6)_ [2002] SASC 234
(“ _Rowan v Cornwall_ ”).

30 In _Ammar_ , the wife filed a petition for divorce against the husband and
alleged cruelty. The husband was resident in Cyprus and also qualified as a
legally assisted person. An application was made by summons on his behalf for
his evidence to be taken in Cyprus before a special examiner, but the wife
objected to it and various points or questions of general interest were raised
before Sachs J. The first point which Sachs J had to deal with (at 470) was “
_whether the expenses of the husband attending court in such a case are
allowable on a taxation under the Third Schedule to the Act of 1949_ [_viz_ ,
the Legal Aid and Advice Act 1949 (c 51) (UK)]” [emphasis added]. He then
continued (likewise at 470):

[This] point was considered in _Gibbs v Gibbs_ where Havers J, following
_Harbin v Gordon_ ruled that _such expenses are normally allowable as costs on
such a taxation_. With that ruling I respectfully agree. I adopt it as my own
and propose to proceed upon the footing that it is right.

_In the present case the husband is clearly a vital witness_. The only unusual
aspect of the matter is that he lives in Cyprus. _On the facts of this case
that aspect in no way alters the position that his presence in court is
vital_.

[emphasis added]

31 From the above cases, it seems to me that in England, a litigant will be
entitled to recover travel expenses which are _necessarily_ incurred for the
purposes of _attending court as a witness_. I now turn to consider whether
this proposition has similarly been articulated in Australia and Canada as
well.

The legal position in Australia

32 In _Cachia v Hanes_ (1994) 179 CLR 403 (“ _Cachia_ ”), the issue before the
High Court of Australia (“HCA”) was whether the claims of the appellant, a
litigant-in-person, for (a) compensation for the loss of his time spent in the
preparation and conduct of his case and (b) travel expenses associated with
the preparation and conduct of his case should be allowed. The majority in the
HCA dismissed the appellant’s claims and held (at 410-411):

To use the Rules to compensate a litigant in person for time lost would cut
across their clear intent. Costs, within the meaning of the Rules, are
reimbursement for work done or expenses incurred by a practitioner or
practitioner's employee. Compensation for the loss of time of a litigant in
person cannot be said to constitute costs within the meaning of the Rules.

This is hardly surprising. It has not been doubted since 1278, when the
_Statute of Gloucester_ introduced the notion of costs to the common law, that
costs are awarded by way of indemnity (or, more accurately, partial indemnity)
for professional legal costs actually incurred in the conduct of litigation.
They were never intended to be comprehensive compensation for any loss
suffered by a litigant. As Coke observed of the _Statute of Gloucester_ , the
costs which might be awarded to a litigant extended to the legal costs of the
suit, “but not to the costs and expences of his travell and losse of time”.

33 These two paragraphs were, once again, cited by the Appellant to suggest
that a litigant’s time and travel expenses are “unrecoverable in principle”.
However, this ignores the fact that the travel expenses that were disallowed
in _Cachia_ were “associated with the preparation and conduct of the
appellant’s case”. The distinction between travel expenses incurred _for
preparation work or for the hearing of judgment_ as opposed to those incurred
_as a witness_ was recognized by the HCA in _Cachia_ just a few pages later
(at 417):

… Of course, a litigant who qualifies as a witness is entitled to the ordinary
witness’s fees.

The disbursements claimed by the appellant and disallowed upon taxation were,
on the one hand, travelling expenses in addition to a witness's fee for
preparation and, on the other hand, _travelling expenses to hear judgment_.
_Either the appellant was entitled to the witness's fee or he was not; he was
not entitled to travelling expenses in addition to or in lieu of the fee_. And
since the appellant was not entitled to any recompense for his appearance in
court to hear judgment, it was, we think, within the discretion of the Taxing
Master to disallow any travelling expenses as an out-of-pocket expense
incurred for that purpose. They were not an out-of-pocket expense which would
have been recoverable by him or his solicitor in this case had he been legally
represented.

[emphasis added]

34 This passage reinforces my understanding that a litigant should not be
deprived of the reimbursements he would receive as a witness simply because he
also happens to be a litigant in the matter. In fact, adopting the reasoning
of the HCA, the appellant in _Cachia_ would have been entitled to travel
expenses _as a witness_ so long as these expenses fell within the ambit of a
“witness’s fee”. This understanding was reiterated less than a decade after
_Cachia_ in _CGU Workers Compensation (Vic) Ltd v Rees_ [2003] VSCA 18 (“
_Rees_ ”), where the Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of Victoria held (at
[12]):

In my opinion, the defendant succeeds in its contention. _A party's actual
travel expenses, save in the capacity of a witness, are not claimable as party
and party costs_. That is all the more so with a party's notional travel
expenses. The reason is that the “costs” provided for in the Rules … are
confined to money paid or liabilities incurred for professional legal
services. They are reimbursement for work done or expenses incurred by a
practitioner or a practitioner's employee. They are awarded by way of partial
indemnity for professional legal costs actually incurred in the conduct of
litigation and were never intended to be comprehensive compensation for any
loss suffered by a litigant, including loss suffered in preparation of a case.
All this is explained in the majority judgment in [_Cachia_] esp. at 409, 410
and 414. Although that case concerned the claim of a litigant in person, their
Honours made it clear that the principles summarised above applied to a
represented litigant such as the plaintiff here…Specifically, in [_Cachia_]
the majority justices held that _out of pocket travel expenses associated with
the preparation of the case of a litigant, whether legally represented or
unrepresented, were not allowable as party and party costs_. Sholl, J. had
earlier held of _a represented party that she was not entitled to her
traveling_ [_sic_] _expenses except in the capacity of a witness, actual or
potential_ : _Russo v Russo_ [1953] V.L.R.57 at 67. Indeed, more than three
centuries before that, Sir Edward Coke had stated that the costs that might be
awarded to a litigant did not extend “to the costs and expences of his travell
and losse of time”.

[emphasis added]

35 I should point out, however, that the exact _purposes_ of the travel
expenses incurred which are recoverable in Australia are not entirely free
from doubt. In _Willing v Hollobone_ (1972) 3 SASR 532 (“ _Hollobone_ ”), the
Supreme Court of South Australia (“SCSA”) held (at 534) that:

It might be sufficient to say that the applicant, as a party appearing in
person who is not a legal practitioner, is not legally entitled to any costs,
however complete his victory, except his out-of-pocket expenses including,
besides any actual disbursements by him, _his travelling expenses to get to
and from the court on the occasion of any necessary appearances before the
court_ and the cost of sustenance if he is forced to stay away from home to
attend the court, and also some allowance for the time actually occupied in
appearing before the court while it is sitting…

[emphasis added]

36 The SCSA further added in _Rowan v Cornwall_ at [15] that:

For the reasons expressed in _Rowan v Cornwall_ (No 5) [2002] SASC 160, the
plaintiff was forced to reside in Melbourne. She has had to incur considerable
expense in travelling to and from Melbourne during the trial and at other
stages before and after the trial. She had claimed the cost of airfares as
damages. In _Rowan v Cornwall (No 5)_ I held that she was entitled to be
reimbursed for that cost, not as damages but as the costs of the action. Some
defendants submitted that the plaintiff was not entitled to be reimbursed for
any costs incurred by reason of the fact that she had come to Adelaide from
another State. I disagree. In the particular circumstances of this case, the
plaintiff has had no alternative but to incur these airfares and other costs
because she resides in Melbourne. If she is not entitled to be reimbursed for
them as costs, she is entitled to recover them as damages. In other words, the
conduct of the defendants who failed has caused the plaintiff to change her
place of residence to Victoria. Those defendants cannot, therefore, now assert
that she is not entitled to recover costs incurred by reason of the fact that
she had to prosecute this action in South Australia. _Those defendants are,
therefore, liable to reimburse her for all costs reasonably incurred in coming
to Adelaide to prosecute this action, either as costs or as damages. I think
the proper basis is as costs_. As was noted in _Cachia v Hanes_ (1994) 179 CLR
403 at 414, an award of costs is intended to reimburse the litigant for costs
actually incurred. The cost of airfares is a cost incurred in the conduct of
this litigation: see also _Harbin v Gordon_ [1914] 2 KB 577. To the extent
that the plaintiff may have incurred costs in obtaining accommodation in
Adelaide, she is entitled to be reimbursed for that also.

[emphasis added]

37 In my view, these two decisions by the SCSA could be interpreted as
adopting an _even wider position_ than that expressed in _Cachia_ and _Rees_ ,
given that it is not clear from _Hollobone_ and _Rowan v Cornwall_ whether the
travel expenses incurred were solely for the purposes of the litigant
_attending court as a witness_. Nevertheless, it suffices to note that all
four Australian decisions would not support the Appellant’s case in the
present factual matrix (_ie_ , where the Respondent had incurred travel
expenses for the purposes of attending court as a witness). The proposition
which I have extracted from the English case law (see above at [31]) can thus
be similarly found in the Australian jurisprudence as well.

The legal position in Canada

38 The two Canadian cases which the Appellant relied on were _Dilcon
Constructors Ltd v ANC Developments Inc_ (1996) 42 Alta LR (3d) 132 (“ _Dilcon
Constructors_ ”) and _Beloit Canada Ltd v Valmet-Dominion Inc_ (1991) 39 CPR
(3d) 90 (“ _Beloit Canada_ ”). These two Canadian decisions are similar and
unique in that the successful plaintiffs claiming travel expenses were
_corporations_ rather than individuals.

39 In _Dilcon Constructors_ , one of the issues the court had to decide in
relation to costs was whether the travel and living expenses of one Mr Osborn,
the vice-president of the plaintiff, were recoverable. Mr Osborn had attended
throughout the duration of the trial at counsel’s request. The court held at
[16]:

Any party who attends a trial is likely to suffer some expense, whether living
and travel expenses if from out of town, or loss of income or earnings. Mr.
Osborn as Vice President of Dilcon is in the same position as any individual
party to an action. Similar personal or internal costs are incurred by parties
from the start of litigation and not merely for attendances at trial. These
kinds of costs are incurred in instructing counsel, gathering documents,
attending at Examinations for Discovery and briefing for trial. Party and
party costs are not intended to compensate a successful party for its own
personal or internal costs for attending to the litigation.

40 In my view, the holding above in _Dilcon Constructors_ does not advance the
Appellant’s case, for the simple reason that Mr Osborn was not a witness, and
appeared to have attended the trial merely for the purposes of holding a
watching brief.

41 Similarly, in _Beloit Canada_ , the Federal Court of Appeal of Canada
(“FCA”) had to decide whether to allow “the living and travelling expenses of
Mr. D.J. Veneman, [an in-house] counsel [of the successful plaintiff] for his
attendance in Toronto to instruct counsel and assist in the preparation of the
appeals” (at [1]). Unsurprisingly, the FCA held that it was (at [5]):

… aware of no authority for the proposition that a party and party award of
costs embraces the travelling and living expenses of the successful party _in
instructing counsel and attending the hearing_ , however necessarily they may
have been incurred. Those expenses should not be allowed.

[emphasis added]

42 Once again, the travel expenses involved in _Beloit Canada_ were _not
incurred_ for the purposes of a litigant (or its representative) appearing as
a witness at trial. They were therefore held to be not recoverable by the FCA.

43 As an illuminating contrast, _Bayliner Marine Corp v Doral Boats Ltd_
(1987) 15 CPR (3d) 201 (“ _Bayliner Marine_ ”) shows that the proposition
which I have identified above (at [31]) can be applied, and was in fact
applied, even in a case where the successful litigant was a corporation. In
_Bayliner Marine_ , the FCA held (at [16]):

Although the witness Hanna was president of defendant, the separate corporate
personality permits him to be taxed as a witness including his travel expenses
for examination for discovery and trial, but not for any attendance for the
purposes of giving instructions to counsel.

44 In the same manner, an assessment office of the Federal Court of Canada in
_Halford v Seed Hawk Inc_ (2006) 69 CPR (4th) drew a principled distinction
between _Beloit Canada_ and _Bayliner Marine_ on the basis that, in Canada,
“travel disbursements are recoverable for a party as witness at his own
discovery and to testify at trial [as in _Bayliner Marine_], but not to attend
to give instructions [as in _Beloit Canada_]” (at [147]). The same assessment
officer re-affirmed the existence of this distinction in the more recent case
of _Pizzaro v Canada (Attorney General)_ (2010) FC 718 at [6].

45 For the above reasons, I am of the view that the legal position in Canada,
similar to that in England and Australia, supports the proposition that a
litigant is entitled to recover travel expenses which are _necessarily_
incurred for the purposes of _attending court as a witness_.

Application of the law to the facts

46 Since the Respondent had sued the Appellant on a personal injury claim, the
Respondent would clearly have been a necessary witness should the matter have
proceeded to trial. I therefore hold that the Respondent is entitled to claim
his travel expenses as disbursements under O 59 r 24(1)(c) and that the sum of
$1,208 is recoverable under O 59 r 27(2) of the Rules.

47 Since neither the common law nor the Rules have made it clear that travel
expenses incurred by a litigant for _all_ purposes are not recoverable as
disbursements, I am convinced that this decision is the just and fair outcome
on the facts. As the DJ has taken pains to point out (see above at [7]), the
Respondent was forced to leave Singapore because he was injured and could no
longer work. His sole reason for incurring the travel expenses was to attend
the trial of the action as a key witness. Denying such plaintiffs their right
to recover their travel expenses (which could be a very significant amount to
some of them) might very well be tantamount to denying many of them – however
strong their substantive cases are – access to justice.

Conclusion

48 For the foregoing reasons, I dismiss the appeal and hold that the
Respondent is entitled to recover his travel expenses reasonably incurred
under O 59 r 27(2) of the Rules.

49 The Respondent shall have the costs of this appeal to be taxed on a
standard basis unless otherwise agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Feb 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

