Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Gwee Hak Theng _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 246

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 155 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chelva Retnam Rajah SC, Tham Lijing, Chew Wei Lin (Tan
Rajah & Cheah) (instructed), Vivienne Lim and Melissa Leong (Genesis Law
Corporation) for the appellant; Terence Chua and Tan Si En (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor.  
Parties| :|  Gwee Hak Theng — Public Prosecutor  
  
15 November 2013| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant was convicted in the District Court on a charge of commercial
sex with a minor under 18, an offence under s 376B(1) of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed). The trial judge found that the prosecution had proven
beyond a reasonable doubt that on the evening of 19 July 2011 the appellant
had obtained for consideration the sexual services of a Vietnamese female who
was then below 18 years old. I shall refer to this female as “PW2”, as she was
referred to in the court below. The appellant was sentenced to four months’
imprisonment. In his notice of appeal and petition of appeal, he indicated
that he was appealing against both conviction and sentence. But before me his
counsel Mr Chelva Retnam Rajah SC said that he was no longer appealing against
sentence, and hence I heard his appeal on the basis that it was against
conviction only.

2 Mr Rajah submitted that the prosecution did not prove beyond a reasonable
doubt that PW2 was under 18 years old as of 19 July 2011. At the trial below,
the prosecution relied on PW2’s testimony that her date of birth was 17
December 1994, and adduced her passport which stated that she was born on that
date. Counsel submitted that this was insufficient proof because the only
evidence corroborating PW’s bare testimony is the “third-tier evidence” of the
passport. In the appellant’s classification of evidence, the best-available
evidence of PW2’s age would be her birth certificate or her mother’s
testimony; the “second-tier” or second-best evidence would be her identity
card, which based its date of birth on what was stated in the birth
certificate; and as for the passport, which based its date of birth on what
was stated in the identity card, it was mere “third-tier” evidence. I do not
think that this helped in deciding whether the prosecution had proved its
case. Something that is “third-tier” according to the appellant’s
classification may yet suffice to prove a fact beyond a reasonable doubt. It
may be so, as counsel said, that where the alleged minor’s age is the _raison
d’être_ of the offence – as it is under s 376B(1) of the Penal Code – her own
testimony as to her age would not be sufficient proof, a view held in the
Scottish case of _Lockwood v Walker_ (1910) SC(J) 3 which counsel cited.
Ultimately, the only question to be asked, shorn of technicalities such as the
rules on corroboration, was whether it had been proven beyond a reasonable
doubt that the alleged minor was below 18. In my judgment, this has been
proven to the required standard of proof in this case based on the evidence
adduced by the prosecution, and I do not think that I would be entitled to
disturb the findings of the court below.

3 Counsel also challenged the trial judge’s finding that the appellant
obtained sexual services of PW2 for consideration. At this juncture it would
be helpful to summarise the findings of fact which the trial judge made.
Although the trial judge did not set out explicitly all his findings, the
material findings were clear enough from his grounds of decision. The
appellant first encountered PW2 where she worked at a bar called V2 in the
Geylang area. They subsequently exchanged mobile phone numbers, and in the
early afternoon of 19 July 2011, the appellant sent PW2 an SMS in the
Vietnamese language, asking her if she wanted to “make love” that night. PW2
said yes. Accordingly they met at V2 that night, and after a while there,
proceeded to a hotel in the vicinity. They checked into a room at 11.41pm, had
sexual intercourse within, and checked out at 12.07am on 20 July 2011. The
check-in and check-out times were reflected on a registration slip kept by the
hotel recording the appellant’s visit, which the prosecution produced in
evidence. The appellant initially paid PW2 $200, but after they checked out,
he brought her to his car which was parked nearby, and from his car he took
out an additional $100 to give to her.

4 Broadly speaking, the appellant sought to do two things. First, he wanted to
show that the prosecution’s case was rife with deficiencies. Second, he sought
to advance a positive version of the events of the night of 19 July 2011 which
did not involve him and PW2. I accept that as it is the prosecution’s burden
to prove the offence beyond a reasonable doubt, it follows that even where an
accused person’s defence was implausible, he would be entitled to an acquittal
if the prosecution’s case was so weak that it did not meet the requisite
standard of proof.

5 The appellant’s version of events was attested to not just by him but also
by one Arthur Chew (“Arthur”), who was the only other defence witness. The
appellant, who is an advocate and solicitor, testified that he was at the time
acting for Arthur in a legal dispute. On the afternoon of 19 July 2011, he
called the law firm representing the opposing party in the dispute, and was
informed that they wanted to settle. He then sent an SMS to Arthur arranging
to meet that evening to discuss this and other matters. The appellant picked
Arthur up in his car around 10.00pm and they drove to a Geylang coffeeshop
located near V2. While at this coffeeshop they drank beer. At some point the
appellant got up and left Arthur on his own for a few minutes. The appellant
argued that the explanation for the hotel registration slip recording his
visit to the hotel was that, during those few minutes, he went to the hotel to
reserve a room, thinking that he might continue drinking with Arthur
thereafter and would not wish to be driving home after that. He thus reserved
a hotel room to rest and freshens up until he was able to drive safely. He
thought it prudent to make a reservation because the hotel was often crowded.
He paid the requisite $50 deposit to reserve the room. He did not take the
room key, but the hotel staff nonetheless recorded him as having checked in at
that time. He then returned to where Arthur was. But their meeting came to an
end a short while after. Arthur testified that he saw the appellant drive off
before he left in a taxi. This happened not long before midnight. The
appellant claimed that he drove home without going to the hotel to seek a
refund of his $50 deposit.

6 The trial judge had difficulty believing that the appellant’s version of
events was true and I did not think I could disagree with that. The primary
reason was that it seemed a poor explanation of how it came to be that the
hotel registration slip recorded that he checked in at 11.41pm on 19 July 2011
and checked out 26 minutes later at 12.07am. To begin with, it was improbable
that the staff at reception would have recorded him as having checked in and
collected the $50 deposit from him without handing over the room keys. The
practice of the hotel was to collect $50 on check-in for a room that cost $30
for two hours. It would refund the excess of $20 if the guest checked out
within two hours of check-in. If the guest did not check out by then the hotel
would hold the room for him for another hour. The evidence of the check-out
receptionist on duty on the night of 19 July 2011 was that the only situation
in which a guest would be checked out automatically, loosely speaking, was if
the keys remained unreturned three hours after check-in. If indeed the
appellant did not collect the room keys and did not return to the hotel
thereafter, it was most improbable that the staff would have recorded him as
having checked out 26 minutes later for no apparent reason. The appellant
pointed out that the hotel registration slip was not signed by him, and
neither was a receipt issued for the $20 that would have been refunded had he
checked out within 26 minutes of check-in. However, in my opinion it is
improbable that there would be in existence a hotel registration slip unsigned
but contemporaneously filled in with his details if he did not in fact check
into the hotel at 11.41pm on 19 July 2011 and check out at 12.07am on 20 July
2011 having used the room for not more than 26 minutes. The trial judge did
not think it fit to give the benefit of doubt to the appellant on this point.

7 There were other, secondary reasons why it was difficult to believe the
appellant’s version of events. First, it was improbable that the appellant and
Arthur arranged on the afternoon of 19 July 2011 to meet that night when their
communication that afternoon was limited to one SMS sent by the former to the
latter, to which the latter did not reply. On their evidence, this alleged
meeting was arranged to discuss a development that had been made known to the
appellant just that afternoon, and so it could not have been a meeting
contemplated or tentatively arranged in advance of 19 July 2011 such as might
have required no more than a single SMS to confirm. Second, it was improbable
that the appellant would have said nothing to Arthur about reserving a hotel
room, especially at two points in time – just before the appellant got up and
left to reserve the room, and just after he returned from reserving the room.
According to the appellant, this was not the first time that he reserved a
room at the hotel in anticipation of further drinking and eventual
inebriation, and he would sometimes invite the client he was drinking with to
rest and freshen up in the room as well. Also, reserving a room would have
raised the possibility that he would not be able to give Arthur a lift home as
would likely have been his intention all along since, on their evidence, he
offered to send Arthur home when it transpired that Arthur had to leave. Given
this context, it might be expected that the appellant would have apprised
Arthur of the reservation of the hotel room. Third, it was improbable that
Arthur was both truthful and accurate when he said that he ended their meeting
shortly before midnight because he had to go home to offer prayers in
commemoration of “the day of Guan Yin” which fell on 19 July 2011, because
this would have meant that his prayers were in fact offered on 20 July 2011
instead. It was possible, of course, that all these aspects of the appellant’s
defence which appear to undermine its overall plausibility were explicable on
the basis of the appellant’s and Arthur’s idiosyncrasies. But it seemed to me
to be improbable and, further, the trial judge had also clearly rejected the
appellant’s version of events. He had the advantage of observing the appellant
and Arthur and compared their evidence with the prosecution’s witness’
testimonies. I would not disturb the findings of the trial judge in this
regard.

8 I come now to the deficiencies which the appellant claimed bedevilled the
prosecution’s case. Here a more detailed narrative of the facts is needed.
According to PW2 and the investigating officer, a mobile phone was seized from
PW2 when she was arrested. PW2 testified that this phone belonged to her and
that she had had it since she was in Vietnam. In the phone was a SIM card
associated with the number XXXX3354. PW2 testified that she was given this SIM
card upon arrival in Singapore, that she used this SIM card in her phone at
all times prior to her arrest, and that she did not at any time lend her phone
to any other person to use. According to her and the investigating officer,
after her arrest she identified from her phone’s contact list the names and
phone numbers of five men to whom she had provided sexual services for
consideration. The appellant’s number, saved in PW2’s phone under the name “A
Huy”, was one of the five identified. The investigating officer testified that
he requested that SingTel provide the call and SMS records for the number
XXXX3354. These enquiries revealed that on 19 July 2011 a few text messages
were exchanged between the appellant’s number and XXXX3354. An SMS was sent
from the appellant at 1.05pm, and he received a reply at 7.52pm; the appellant
sent another SMS at 7.54pm, and the reply to that was received at 7.55pm. The
contents of these text messages could not be obtained. An extraction of text
messages on the phone seized from PW2 was also carried out. A total of 57
messages were found, consisting of 54 found in the “Inbox” and three found in
the “Sent” folder. The earliest of these 57 messages was dated 20 July 2011.
None of them were received from or sent to the appellant’s number.

9 The trial judge accepted that the mobile phone which was seized from PW2
belonged to her, and that the appellant’s phone number was saved in her phone.
He accepted that the SIM card associated with the number XXXX3354 was in PW2’s
phone, and that when the appellant exchanged text messages with XXXX3354 on 19
July 2011 he was communicating with PW2 and not anyone else. Counsel for the
appellant challenged these findings. He argued that the evidence provided
support for any of the following three hypotheses:

(a) the mobile phone seized from PW2 did not belong to her;

(b) the seized phone belonged to PW2 but other people used the phone too, such
that it could have been someone other than PW2 who exchanged messages with the
appellant on 19 July 2011; or

(c) the SIM card associated with the number XXXX3354 was not in PW2’s phone on
19 July 2011 but was in another phone altogether.

Counsel pointed out that none of the 57 text messages extracted from the phone
seized from PW2 was dated 19 July 2011, even though the officer who extracted
the messages testified that the forensic software used had the ability to
retrieve deleted messages. This could support all three hypotheses. Counsel
also pointed out that a substantial number of the 57 text messages extracted
from what was said to be PW2’s phone were in English, including one of the
three “Sent” messages, whereas PW2 testified that she did not know any English
and would not have sent any text messages in English. Counsel argued that this
rendered it doubtful that the person with whom the appellant communicated via
SMS on 19 July 2011 was PW2. Counsel then argued that PW2’s testimony was not
credible for a few reasons. First, there was a discrepancy in her testimony on
the content of the appellant’s SMS to her — in her examination-in-chief, she
said that it read “Tomorrow make love okay?” but under cross-examination she
said that it read “Tonight make love okay?” Second, the appellant maintained
that it was improbable that he would have communicated with her in Vietnamese,
as she claimed he did. Third, it was improbable that she would have taken
almost seven hours to respond to his alleged request for sex as the phone
records appear to show.

10 Counsel also argued that the process by which PW2 identified the appellant
after her arrest was flawed. The contact list in the phone seized from PW2,
from which she purportedly picked out the appellant’s number saved under “A
Huy”, was not put in evidence even though the prosecution had ample
opportunity to do so. Moreover, PW2’s evidence was that she was given a stack
of “more than five” photographs of people from which she selected the five
depicting the men she had provided sexual services to, the appellant among
them. Yet these photographs were likewise not put in evidence. Counsel argued
that, given the opacity of the identification process, it cannot be known
whether PW2’s identification of the appellant was reliable. For instance,
there might not have been a proper identification parade involving an adequate
number of photographs of men of the appellant’s age-group and race for PW2 to
choose from. Another reason to doubt that PW2 had identified the appellant
correctly, counsel argued, was that she testified that the car he drove on 19
July 2011 had four doors and was silver or white in colour, but in fact he did
not own any car answering that description. Rather, he and Arthur both
testified that the car he drove that day was a dark grey two-door BMW.
Finally, counsel pointed out that it could have been easily established
whether the appellant was with PW2 on 19 July 2011 by reviewing the CCTV
footage from the hotel, but by the time the investigating officer asked for
this footage it had been deleted.

11 In my judgment, the correct approach to take in this case is not to focus
on the minutiae of what more the investigators and prosecution could and/or
ought to have done. In this respect, counsel’s submission was really to ask
that I allow the appeal on the ground that the trial judge’s decision was
against the weight of non-evidence. However, the court below was entitled to
consider what were the broad possible explanations for all the evidence, and
assess how probable each possibility was. The starting point was that PW2 and
the investigating officer both testified that, upon her arrest, she identified
the appellant’s phone number as belonging to someone to whom she had provided
sexual services for consideration. Of course, it may be that her
identification was unreliable. One possibility was that she made the
allegation in the erroneous but honest belief that what she alleged was true.
But this did not seem at all probable. PW2 arrived in Singapore on 2 July
2011. She was arrested on 4 August 2011. When she assisted in the
investigations following her arrest she would have been recounting events that
occurred not more than a month and several days ago. This lapse of time was
not of such length as would ordinarily attenuate the memory of a reasonable
person to any substantial degree. Hence, it was difficult to believe that PW2
could have made an honest mistake in singling out the appellant’s phone
number. I also did not think that PW2 could have been honestly mistaken when
testifying in court that this singling out of his number was how she first
identified the appellant as her customer. This was clearly for the trial judge
to decide whether it should be accepted.

12 This left the possibilities that PW2 lied. There were possible variations
on this theme — she might have lied of her own accord, or she might have lied
on the instructions of someone who was out to ensnare the appellant, or she
might have conspired with the investigating officer to implicate the appellant
falsely. The trial judge accepted that it might be that PW2 was not truthful
when she testified that she had exclusive use of the mobile phone that was
seized from her. Her categorical denial of even the most basic proficiency in
English did not fit the fact that many of the 57 text messages extracted from
the phone seized from her were in that language, and the inference was that
other people had used that phone as well. But that does not follow that PW2
was untruthful in other aspects of her evidence. Insofar as it was alleged
that she took the initiative to make a false accusation against the owner of
the appellant’s phone number, I can see no reason why she would personally
have anything against him, since he would have been a complete stranger to
her. I think it improbable that she would have acted out of malice when there
was no motive. Alternatively, she might have made the false accusation at the
instigation of either the investigating officer or an unknown antagonist of
the appellant’s. It might be worth asking what this would have entailed. The
appellant postulated a number of hypotheses as set out earlier: perhaps the
phone seized from PW2 did not belong to her at all; perhaps it was not her but
someone else who used the number XXXX3354 to communicate with the appellant;
perhaps she did not use the number XXXX3354 at all. I take the appellant’s
case at its highest and assume, first, that PW2 lied in alleging that she
provided sexual services to the owner of the appellant’s number, and second,
that she never in her life used the number XXXX3354. It would mean that the
persons seeking to frame the appellant benefitted from the serendipitous
coincidence of two occurrences in a single day on 19 July 2011: the appellant
exchanging text messages with an unknown number XXXX3354, and his checking
into a hotel room that night and checking out 26 minutes later. I might not
think this improbable if only the appellant could furnish some plausible
explanation of why he exchanged messages with that number or why he was in the
hotel room for that duration. He has not done so. In relation to the
appellant’s hotel visit, it could well be that he engaged there in some other
activity which was not an offence under s 376B(1) of the Penal Code but which
he had wished to keep secret for reasons known to him alone. However, it is
not for me to speculate. In the absence of an explanation from him I am
constrained to find that any hypothesis ascribing mendacity in PW2 is
improbable. This would be so whether the allegation was that her duplicity was
unilateral or that she acted in concert with either the investigating officer
or an unknown antagonist.

13 The trial judge seemed to have no doubt that when PW2 identified the
appellant’s number as belonging to someone to whom she had provided sexual
services for consideration she was both truthful and accurate in her
recollection. I would not disturb that finding. I now address the arguments of
counsel for the appellant directly. The failure of the prosecution to put in
evidence the contact list in the phone seized from PW2, although seemingly
strange, was not significant because the contact list was of limited probative
value. It can prove only that the appellant’s name and number was saved in the
seized phone. It cannot prove that the seized phone belonged to PW2 or that
she used the number XXXX3354 on 19 July 2011 or at all. And its absence did
not make it very much more probable that the appellant’s name and number was
not saved in the seized phone. Next, I do not think it assisted the appellant
that none of the 57 messages extracted from the seized phone pre-date 20 July
2011. The officer who conducted the extraction might have said that the
forensic software could retrieve deleted messages, but this did not mean that
it could retrieve every message that had ever been in the phone. Given that 54
messages were extracted from the “Inbox” but a mere three were extracted from
the “Sent” folder, it appeared probable that there were more “Sent” messages
than were extracted from the phone. Thus, in my view, the most likely
explanation for the absence of messages dated 19 July 2011 or earlier was
simply that the investigators for technical reasons could not extract every
SMS that had ever been in PW2’s phone, and not that PW2 did not use the phone
to communicate with the appellant on 19 July 2011. As for the alleged
discrepancies and improbabilities in PW2’s testimony, I think that although
she testified at one point that the appellant’s SMS to her read “Tomorrow make
love” but testified at another point that it was “Tonight make love”, there
was in substance no inconsistency because it was clear from the transcript
that she when she said “Tomorrow” she meant “Tonight”. I do not think it
improbable that she responded to the appellant’s request for sex almost seven
hours later. I think that it was probable that the appellant had enough
rudimentary Vietnamese to communicate with PW2 in that language, whether
verbally or in text messages. I also think it probable that the appellant
drove to the hotel on 19 July 2011 a car that had four doors and could appear
under artificial lighting to be white or silver in colour, since there was no
evidence that he drove a dark grey two-door BMW other than the unreliable
testimonies of Arthur and the appellant himself. These are all matters of fact
which were for the trial judge to decide.

14 As for the process by which PW2 identified the appellant after her arrest,
the prosecution explained at the hearing before me that after PW2 pointed out
five numbers saved in her phone which she said belonged to her customers, the
investigators “screened” those numbers and came back with five photographs of
her five alleged customers. PW2 proceeded to confirm that the people depicted
in those photographs were her customers. However, it was not clear from the
evidence adduced at the trial below that this was the process. In any event, I
do not think there was merit in the appellant’s argument that there was any
obligation to conduct some form of identification parade. Counsel cited
_Public Prosecutor v Ong Phee Hoon James_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 196 and _Public
Prosecutor v Manit Wangjaisuk_ [1994] SGCA 140 but I did not think that either
decision supported his argument. Indeed, the former case would appear to run
counter to it. There, Yong Pung How CJ at [42] found that the manner in which
the accused was identified was improper and that minimal weight should attach
to that identification evidence, but he held nonetheless that the conviction
of the accused was not unsafe because the case against him did not rest
entirely on the identification evidence. In every case the question is simply
that of whether the identification of the accused as the person who committed
the offence is so reliable that no reasonable doubt remains as to whether the
accused committed the offence. In this case, PW2 saw the appellant in court
and testified that he was someone to whom she had provided sexual services for
consideration. It was possible that she might have been mistaken, but in my
opinion this possibility was effectively negated by the fact that even before
she saw what the appellant looked like she had already singled out his phone
number as belonging to one of her customers. In the circumstances I do not
think that the absence of identification parade was necessarily fatal to the
prosecution’s case. Finally, it was perhaps unfortunate that the hotel’s CCTV
footage from 19 July 2011 could not be obtained, as that may have been highly
probative evidence. But nonetheless, on all the evidence, the trial judge had
no doubt that the appellant obtained for consideration the sexual services of
PW2 on 19 July 2011, and that PW2 was at that time under 18 years of age and I
do not think I would be justified in overturning the findings of the court
below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

