Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  BLB and another _v_ BLC and others  
[2013] SGHC 196

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1006 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 September 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hri Kumar Nair SC and Teo Chun-Wei Benedict (Drew &
Napier LLP) for the Plaintiffs; Chenthil Kumar Kumarasingam and Aston Lai
(Lawrence Quahe & Woo LLC) for the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Defendants.  
Parties| :|  BLB and another — BLC and others  
  
30 September 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This application _vide_ Originating Summons No 1006 of 2012 (“OS 1006/2012”)
is to set aside an arbitral award dated 31 July 2012 (“the Award”) for the
sole arbitrator’s purported failure to decide a counterclaim that was
submitted to arbitration. The arbitration proceedings followed an unsuccessful
joint venture in Malaysia between two groups of companies. For convenience,
the parties have referred to the subject arbitration as “the BOA Arbitration”.
The abbreviation “BOA” stands for the “Business Operations Agreement” as
described in [12(c)] below.

2 The first to third defendants viewed OS 1006/2012 as an attempt by the
plaintiffs to have the court interfere with and judicially review the merits
of the findings of fact and law reached by the sole arbitrator (“the
Tribunal”). In such a case, there would be no recourse to the court, and the
losing parties would remain contractually bound to accept the Tribunal’s
decision whether or not they think it right. In contrast, the plaintiffs’
principal ground of complaint, _viz_. that the Tribunal’s treatment of their
counterclaim was contrary to the rules of natural justice, represents the
other extreme. On this ground of complaint, the law permits recourse to the
courts pursuant to s 24(b) of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A,
2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”) and Art 34(2) of the UNCITRAL Model Law for
International Commercial Arbitration 1985 (“the Model Law”). The parties’
opposing positions embody a tension that is becoming increasingly apparent in
the context of curial challenges to arbitral decisions. On one hand, the
supervisory function of the court requires it to step in to provide relief in
cases of genuine challenges. On the other hand, the linked principles of
minimal curial intervention and finality in proceedings demand that this power
of intervention be exercised warily and only in meritorious cases where
statutorily prescribed grounds for setting aside have been established. This
tension is further heightened when the losing party attempts to air its
grievances before the court as complaints of breaches of natural justice or
other established grounds of challenge and in doing so attempts to re-open the
arbitration or traverse over the issues in the arbitration. The court must
firmly resist any such attempts.

3 The recent case of _TMM Division Maritama SA de CV v Pacific Richfield
Marine Pte Ltd_ [2013] SGHC 186 (“ _TMM_ ”) exemplifies this tension. There,
Chan Seng Onn J declined to set aside the arbitral award in question, finding
that no breaches of the rules of natural justice had occurred in connection
with the making of the award. Implicit in the reasoning of Chan J was the
finding that curial recourse against the award had been improperly used to
invite the court to judge the full merits and conduct of the arbitration (see
_TMM_ at [126]). The following observations in _TMM_ (at [2]) merit citation:

Although parties have a right and expectation to a fair arbitral process and
the courts should give maximum effect to these safeguards in deserving cases,
parties must not be encouraged to dress up and massage their unhappiness with
the substantive outcome into an established ground for challenging an award.
Particularly for international commercial arbitrations under the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”), it is imperative that an
application to set aside an award under s 24 read with Art 34(2) of the
UNCITRAL Model Law for International Commercial Arbitration 1985 (“Model Law”)
is not a guise for a rehearing of the merits. Unfortunately, as this case
exemplifies, sieving out the **_genuine challenges_** from those which are
effectively **_appeals on the merits_** is not easy under the present law.
[emphasis added]

The central issue before me relates to which of the two diametrically opposing
scenarios the present application falls into. Nevertheless, due to the
concerns just discussed, it is my view that in a borderline case the benefit
of doubt would invariably favour the tribunal.

Contractual Background

The parties

4 The second plaintiff (“P2”) is a public company incorporated in Malaysia
primarily involved in the automotive industry and a component member of the
[P] group of companies (loosely referred to by the Tribunal as [P]).

5 The second defendant (“D2”) is a company incorporated in Germany in the
business of producing butt-weld pipe fittings and bespoke piping components
mainly using hydroforming technology. This last-mentioned technology is
acknowledged by the parties to be a core competence of the [D] group of
companies (hereafter [D]), of which D2 is a component member.

6 The fourth defendant is a Malaysian-incorporated subsidiary of D2
established to undertake manufacturing operations for D2 in Malaysia. D4 is
now in liquidation (see below at [10]).

7 The first defendant (“D1”) is also a subsidiary of D2 and is in the business
of selling and distributing products made by D2.

8 The third defendant was and is the sole shareholder of D2. He is regarded by
the first two defendants as the alter ego of the [D] group of companies.

9 The first plaintiff (“P1”) is a Malaysian-incorporated company and a joint
venture vehicle between P2 and D2. Pursuant to the joint venture, P2 holds 75%
and D4 holds 25% of the issued shares in P1.

10 The plaintiffs were represented by Mr Hri Kumar Nair SC (“Mr Kumar”). The
first to third defendants were represented by Mr Chenthil Kumar Kumarasingam
(“Mr Kumarasingam”) who indicated, at the hearing of this present application,
that an order had been made to wind up D4. D4 did not participate in the
present application even though OS 1006/2012 was served on the liquidator. D4
was not affected by the bulk of the counterclaim but only by a claim for RM
22,185.88.

The agreements

11 In 2002, [P] and [D] negotiated a possible joint venture in which D2 would
sell its shares and business operations in D4 to P2, which was desirous of
acquiring [D]’s expertise in the aforementioned hydroforming technology.

12 Following negotiations between the parties, a Heads of Agreement dated 3
July 2003 was entered into between D2 and P1. It was followed in time by,
_inter alia_ , the following agreements:

(a) An Asset Sale Agreement (“the ASA”) dated 13 October 2003 between D4 and
P1 effecting the sale by D4 to P1 of D4’s business;

(b) A Shareholders Agreement dated 3 April 2004 between D4 and P2 pursuant to
which P2 subscribed for sufficient shares in the enlarged capital of P1 to
constitute P2 as owner of 75% of P1;

(c) A Business Operations Agreement dated 3 April 2004 (“the BOA”) between D1
and P1 regulating the obligations of the parties in promoting the commercial
success of the joint venture; and

(d) A Licence Agreement dated 3 April 2004 (“the LA”) between D1 and P1
granting P1 a licence to use the [D] trademark on products manufactured by P1,
subject to the products meeting [D]’s quality standards.

Upon the completion of the ASA on 23 June 2005, the purchase consideration was
paid in the following modes: RM14m paid in cash, RM10m by way of an issue to
D4 of shares in P2 and RM26m by way of an issue to D4 of shares in P1 (making
D4 the owner of 25% of P1).

13 In the context of the present application, the following terms of the BOA
and LA are pertinent. Clause 5 of the BOA provided for D1’s purchase of a
minimum quantity of the annual production of all “[P1] Product Lines” (defined
in the BOA) from P1. Clause 5.4.1 of the BOA provided that upon call-offs
being made by [D], P1 was to ensure that the products for which call-offs had
been sent were ready for delivery within a period of time prescribed by the
BOA. Finally, under the LA (see above at [12(d)]), D1 granted P1 a non-
transferable and non-exclusive licence to use the [D] trademark on products
manufactured and sold by P1 subject to the products meeting D1’s quality
standards.

The breakdown of the joint venture

14 In or around June 2005, P2 took over operation of P1. Between July and
December 2005, D2 made various call-offs for the [P1] Product Lines. However,
P1 could not fulfil all the orders and failed to deliver all of the products
ordered within the time period prescribed by the BOA. On or about 18 May 2006,
D2 issued a Notice of Default in delivery to P1. On or about 11 July 2006, D1
also issued a Notice of Default for purported breaches of the BOA and LA,
particularly in respect of delay of supply, failure to adequately stock raw
materials, and defective products. Following further correspondence, D1 wrote
to P1 on 15 August 2006 to terminate the BOA and LA.

15 Notwithstanding the purported breaches by P1, D1 issued 14 purchase orders
to P1 between July 2006 and February 2007 amounting to €6,704,065. On or about
13 February 2007, P1 wrote to D1 to demand payment of RM4,653,604.78
purportedly owed for goods sold and delivered by P1 as of December 2006. On 14
February 2007, D1 responded to this demand as follows:[note: 1]

2\. We dispute that there is an outstanding amount of RM4,653,604.78 due from
[D1] to [P1]. We are currently undertaking our own verification exercise on
the goods/products purchased from [P1] (the “Verification Exercise”).

3\. Firstly, please note that the anti-dumping cost and the cost for defective
products are obviously not taken into consideration in your outstanding
amount. Full particulars of these issues are very well known to you and I’d
like to remind that we have not received an answer to our letter dated 19th of
January 2007.

4\. As is obvious from the foregoing and:-

(i) Subject to us receiving a satisfactory clarification from you with regards
to the debit notes for the defective products; and

(ii) Without Prejudice to the Verification Exercise and after taking into
account and setting-off the outstanding amount of RM4,653,604.78 purportedly
due from [D1] to [P1] against a reciprocal amount from the Receivable (the
“Set-Off”);

there is an amount of RM224,630.00 (USD63,275.98) which is due and outstanding
from [P1] to [D1] as at 31st January 2007. Arising from the Set-Off, [D1] is
deemed to have settled the amount of RM4,653,604.78 to [P1].

16 On 28 February 2007, P1 wrote back to D1 denying, _inter alia_ , that any
monies were due and owing to D1. For purposes of clarity, context and ease of
reading, I should point out that D1’s reference to the “debit notes for
defective products” in its letter of 14 February 2007 related to 10 debit
notes issued by D2 for the rectification of defective products supplied by P1,
which are hereafter described as “the Group A Goods”. It is common ground that
the 14 purchase orders referred to above at [15] related to sales of a
different set of products, which are hereafter described as “the Group B
Goods.”

17 On or about 13 February 2007, P1 also wrote to D4 to demand the transfer of
bank balances amounting to RM22,185.88 purportedly owed to P1 under the ASA.
On or about 14 February 2007, D4 wrote to dispute its liability to transfer
this sum to P1. On or about 15 March 2007, P1 wrote to D4 to reiterate its
demand for the transfer of the said sum.

The Arbitration

18 On 30 May 2007, D1 commenced arbitration proceedings against P1 and on 25
June 2007, D4 commenced arbitration proceedings against P2 (both arbitration
proceedings will hereafter be collectively referred to as “the Arbitration”).
On 22 February 2008, by way of an _ad hoc_ agreement executed by all parties
in these proceedings, it was expressly agreed that:

(a) All claims and/or counterclaims and/or defences available to or against
all parties were to be included in the Arbitration; and

(b) All relevant parties were to be included as parties to the Arbitration.

Pursuant to this _ad hoc_ agreement, D2 and D3 were added as parties to the
Arbitration, and P1 and P2 brought counterclaims against those parties.

19 The present application concerns matters arising out of the BOA
Arbitration. In the BOA Arbitration, D1 sought to claim damages from P1 in
respect of the following matters:

(a) P1’s purported breach of the BOA in failing to deliver D2’s call-offs in
time as required by Clause 5.4.1 of the BOA;

(b) P1’s purported failure to hold the minimum raw materials required per line
item pursuant to Clause 5.4.3 of the BOA; and

(c) P1’s purported breach of Clause 4.1 of the LA insofar as the goods it
supplied were not in accordance with the applicable [D] quality standards.
(The 10 debit notes for rectification works referred to above (at [16])
related to this breach.)

Arising from the above purported breaches, D1 claimed, _inter alia_ ,
€500,377.04 for the loss of profits as well as US$43,108.69 and €424,168.33
for rectification works in respect of purportedly defective products supplied
by P1. By way of observation as to the nature and extent of D1’s complaints,
the Tribunal would have to deal with issues relating to liability, as well as
concern itself with what remedies and relief should be ordered. To obtain an
order for damages, D1 would have to prove breach of contract, ensuing loss,
and the quantum of its loss.

20 In response to D1’s claims, P1 raised, _inter alia_ , the following points:

(a) D1 and/or D2 had misrepresented various material facts which induced P2 to
enter into the joint venture partnership with D2;

(b) D1 and/or D2 had acted in a manner inconsistent with the aim and object of
the joint venture partnership, and acted to the detriment of P2; and

(c) D1 and/or D2 and/or D4 had acted in a manner to induce a breach of the BOA
and the LA and/or to cause loss and damage to P1.

21 P1 counterclaimed for, _inter alia_ :

(a) General damages in the sum of RM97,034,078; and

(b) _The sum of RM5,838,956 being receivables purportedly due to P1 as of 31
January 2008_ (“the Disputed Counterclaim”). This sum purportedly comprised of
the price of the Group B Goods sold to D1 as well as bank balances of
RM22,185.88 due from D4 (collectively, “the Receivables”) (see above at [16]
and [17] respectively). With regard to the former, the trade receivables had
purportedly increased from RM4,653,604.78 (as reflected in P1’s letter of 13
February 2007) to RM5,816,770.25 (as reflected in P1’s audited accounts as of
31 January 2008) due to additional goods delivered to D1 in this period.

The Award

22 The Arbitration was heard from 12 January 2009 to 15 January 2009 and 22
July 2009 to 24 July 2009 before the sole arbitrator, a senior and experienced
legal practitioner. The parties’ submissions and reply submissions were
tendered by 20 November 2009. After an interval of two years, the Award was
issued on 31 July 2012. On 1 August 2012, one day after the Award was issued,
the arbitrator ceased private practice.

23 In paragraph 1.3 of the Award, the Tribunal listed out the various claims
and counterclaims referred to in the Arbitration. It is useful to bear in mind
that the defendants were the claimants in the BOA Arbitration and the
plaintiffs were the respondents.

24 In paragraph 1.3.3(l) of the Award, the Tribunal noted that the plaintiffs
were alleging that the defendants had failed to pay P1 for the goods D1 had
purchased (_ie_ , the Group B Goods). However, the Tribunal proceeded to
adopt, out of convenience, the defendants’ framework of issues to be tried in
the arbitration proceedings. At paragraph 1.9.1 of the Award, the Tribunal
stated:[note: 2]

[D] submits, and I accept as a convenient framework, that the issues which
arise from [P]’s counterclaims in the BOA Arbitration are as set out in the
following paragraphs...

25 Despite his remarks, the Tribunal included certain additional issues found
in the plaintiffs’ list of issues (which were omitted from the defendants’
list), for example, whether [D] performed its obligations under the joint
venture (Issue #13) and whether D4 and D2 acted in a manner to frustrate the
joint venture or to the detriment of the plaintiffs (Issue #14). However, the
Tribunal did _not_ include, as an issue to be decided, whether D1 and D4 were
indebted to P1 in respect of the Receivables pursuant to the Disputed
Counterclaim. Instead, the Tribunal set out the Disputed Counterclaim as one
of the _remedies_ sought by P1 at paragraph 1.9.1(f):[note: 3]

Issue 16: If the [Tribunal] finds in favour of [P1] in [the BOA Arbitration],
whether [P1] is entitled to claim any or all of the following amounts:

(i) loss of profits amounting to RM26,352,000;

(ii) impairment loss amounting to RM69,901,122;

(iii) the amount of RM5,838,956 said to be due and owing; and

(iv) retrenchment costs amounting to RM780,956.

[emphasis added]

Similar to the framework provided by the defendants (see below at [48]), the
Tribunal thus framed the issues in such a way that if the plaintiffs were in
breach of the BOA and the LA, they would not be entitled to any of the amounts
counterclaimed, including the Disputed Counterclaim for the Receivables.

26 Before the Tribunal proceeded to deal with the above issues, he first
considered D1’s claim in the BOA Arbitration in paragraph 3 of the Award,
which pertinent portions are quoted below:

3.1 **_Issue #1: whether [P1] breached clause 5.4.1 of the BOA._**

…

3.1.7 [P1] does not seriously dispute that it failed to deliver the fittings
ordered within 8 weeks from the expiry of the notice. Instead, [P1] alleges
that the delay was not its fault and that [D] failed to take into account the
delivery time for [D] to deliver the raw material for the production of the
fittings covered by the call-off. [P1] blames [D] for not delivering the raw
materials on time. [D]’s Mr Rainer Floeth [the Co-Managing Director and Chief
Financial Controller of [D2], however, testified that the delay was not
because of [D]’s failure to deliver raw materials on time and was because of
[P1’s] failure to hold 40% minimum raw materials per line in inventory. Had
[P1] complied with this obligation and maintained the inventory on a per line
item basis, says [D], [P1] would have had no problems delivering on time as
their raw materials stock would have been balanced and they would have been
able to produce whatever products the customer demanded at any point in time.

3.1.8 Due to the nature of the pipe fittings business and the raw materials
required, raw materials cannot be ordered only after receiving the call-offs.
Otherwise, [P1] will not be able to meet the delivery targets. Further, due to
the special raw materials, [P1] was required to make a minimum order which may
exceed requirements either because the suppliers will not supply less or for
economies of scale. I accept that [P] failed to understand this and did not
heed the advice of [D].

…

3.1.11 Thus it was that [P1] “made a business or commercial decision not to
purchase unnecessary raw material”. Further, in an e-mail dated 14 April 2006,
one Mr Mohamad Razali (a director of [P1]) informed Mr Rainer Floeth that [P1]
would only order raw materials based on its needs. …

3.1.12 Having taken this business or commercial decision despite [D] (and not
[P]) being the acknowledged technical experts both in the products and in the
process of manufacturing the products, [P1] cannot disclaim the consequences
of its decision.

[emphasis in the original]

27 The Tribunal then held in favour of D1 in respect of its claim for damages
for breach of P1’s delivery obligations under Clause 5.4.1. The sum of
€500,377.04 was awarded for the loss of profits D1 would have earned on sales
of products which were _not_ delivered arising out of the shortfall in supply
(see paragraph 3.2.9 of the Award).

28 In paragraph 3.3, the Tribunal dealt with another liability question, which
was whether P1 had breached the LA in delivering poor quality products. Noting
that P1 did not seriously deny that there were quality lapses, the Tribunal
made the following remarks:

3.3.9 I accept [D]’s submissions and reject [P1’s] submissions. I find that
[P1] was in breach of clause 4.1 of the LA in that it failed to manufacture
the products in accordance with the contractually applicable standards.

3.3.10 As a result of [P1’s] breach, [D2] undertook rectification works in
Germany, incurring total expenditure of US$43,108.69 and €424,168.33. This is
evidenced by debit notes which remained unpaid. I find that [D2] is entitled
to recover these amounts.

29 I now come to [P]’s counterclaims (see [21] above). The Tribunal dealt with
them in the following manner at paragraphs 5.3 to 5.5 of the Award:[note: 4]

5.3 **_Issue #13: whether [D] performed its obligations under the joint
venture agreements_**

5.3.1 [P] claims that [D] breached its obligations under the joint venture
agreements in the following manner:

a. [D] did not provide the necessary assistance to [P1] to source all
necessary equipment and machinery;

b. [D] did not provide the technical know how;

c. [D] did not provide the technical services; and

d. [D] did not take up the minimum 75%.

5.3.2 I am not satisfied on the balance of probabilities that [D] breached the
joint venture agreements. Any and all issues involving the equipment provided
could have been resolved with cooperation between the parties. The departure
of Mr Denial Pragasam and Mr Dirk Te Heesen are not matters for which [D] can
be made liable. And [D]’s failure to take up the minimum 75% is not surprising
in light of the delay and the quality issues which surfaced very early on.

5.3.3 Unfortunately, the situation here is one of a joint venture which has
gone awry not because of any breaches of duty (whether contractual or
fiduciary) by either party but as a result of mismatched expectations and the
inevitable tensions that arise when two parties are contributing to a single
venture.

5.4 **_Issue #14: Whether [D4], [D2] or both systematically acted in a manner
to frustrate the joint venture_**

5.4.1 In the light of my findings in the section immediately above, I am not
satisfied on the balance of probabilities that [P] has made out this issue.

5.5 **_Issues #15 to 18_**

5.5.1 **_In light of my findings on Issue #14, these issues do not arise._**

[emphasis in original in bold underline; emphasis added in bold italics]

30 In summary, the Tribunal held that P1 had breached its obligations under
Clauses 5.4.1 and 5.4.3 of the BOA and Clause 4.1 of the LA as alleged by D1
in the BOA Arbitration. D1 was accordingly entitled to recover for loss of
profits amounting to €500,377.04 and D2 was entitled to recover rectification
costs of US$43,108.69 and €424,168.33 in respect of defective products
supplied by P1. However, the Tribunal held that [P] had failed to either
establish that [D] had breached its obligations under the joint venture
agreements (_ie_ , Issue # 13), or that D2 or D4 had acted in a manner to
frustrate the joint venture (_ie_ , Issue #14). Having ruled against P1 on
liability in respect of Issue #13 and Issue #14, the Tribunal considered that
the remedies and reliefs sought in Issue #16 did not arise for determination.
In other words, to obtain an award of damages, P1 had to prove breach and
loss. As it failed to prove breach, there was no need to consider the remedies
and relief sought.

Outline of this Judgment

31 It is to be recalled that Issue #16 (see above at [25]) concerned remedies
in the nature of damages for (a) loss of profits amounting to RM26,352,000;
(b) impairment loss amounting to RM69,901,122, and (c) retrenchment costs
amounting to RM780,956. In addition thereto, the Disputed Counterclaim for the
Receivables in the sum of RM5,838,956 was listed under Issue #16 in paragraph
1.9.1(f) of the Award. The plaintiffs’ central allegation is that the
Tribunal, in making the Award, failed, by logical inference or necessary
implication, to consider and address P1’s Disputed Counterclaim for
RM5,838,956.

32 The BOA Arbitration was held under the auspices of the Singapore
International Arbitration Centre Rules 2007. In the present setting aside
application, the plaintiffs relied on the following provisions, each as a
separate and alternative ground:

(a) S 24(b) of the IAA, on grounds that a breach of the rules of natural
justice occurred in connection with the making of the Award by which the
rights of parties have been prejudiced;

(b) Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law, on grounds that the award deals with a
dispute not contemplated by or not falling within the terms of the submission
to arbitration, or contains decisions on matters beyond the scope of
submission to arbitration; and

(c) Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law, on grounds that the Award is in
conflict with public policy.

33 In the course of oral arguments, Mr Kumar accepted that if the court was
with him on any of the three alternative grounds, the court did not have to
set aside the entire Award and could simply remit the Disputed Counterclaim
for Receivables as a stand-alone dispute to an arbitrator for his
consideration. According to Mr Kumar, the Award in the defendants’ favour was
for about €1m and, converted into the same currency, the Disputed Counterclaim
was for about €1.5m. As such, the eventual outcome of the Disputed
Counterclaim may have a bearing on the costs awarded by the Tribunal and Mr
Kumar has also asked for costs to be similarly remitted.

34 In this judgment, I shall first examine the circumstances surrounding the
Tribunal’s purported failure to consider and address the Disputed
Counterclaim, before considering the position under the various provisions of
the IAA and the Model Law.

35 Before I do so, I feel it is necessary to make a few remarks about the
degree of review that is appropriate in such cases, which is ultimately a
matter dependent on the type and nature of the challenge. Even so, the review
should not involve a re-argument or re-trial of the arbitration. I must
emphasise that it is not the role of the court to rake through the award and
the record fastidiously with the view to finding fault with the arbitral
process. Instead, “an award should be read _generously_ such that only
meaningful breaches of the rules of natural justice that have actually caused
prejudice are ultimately remedied” [emphasis added] (see _Soh Beng Tee_ at
[65(f)]).The same views were expressed by Chan J in TMM at [126], where the
review was far more extensive than that undertaken in this case:

Arbitrations are meant to be an efficient alternative to court litigation.
This has, unfortunately, not been the case. In these proceedings, TMM provided
a compendious record of the Arbitration by way of two affidavits which ran
into about 3,200 pages across eight volumes. Excluding oral submission
captured in more than 1,300 pages of transcripts, TMM also tendered several
rounds of written submissions which totalled 241 pages from cover to cover. I
find this to be both unnecessary and unsatisfactory. Especially for challenges
against an award founded on the breach of natural justice, the court’s role
is, in very general terms, to ensure that missteps, if any, are more than
arid, hollow, technical and procedural (_Soh Beng Tee_ at [98]). _Any real and
substantial cause for concern should be demonstrably clear on the face of the
record without the need to pore over thousands of pages of facts and
submissions. Otherwise, curial recourse against an award will be used (and
abused) as an opportunity to invite the court to judge the full merits and
conduct of the arbitration. As a further aside, an over-jealous scrutiny of
the arbitral tribunal’s decision will also encourage parties to, via the
statutorily permitted mechanism of curial recourse, tactically frustrate and
delay the enforcement of the arbitral award._ In the present case, taking the
commencement of the Arbitration as the date at which the dispute arose, the
parties’ dispute is already in its fifth year. If my decision is appealed,
parties may well have to wait for several more months to finally resolve this
dispute. This runs contrary to one of the original aims of arbitration as an
expedient alternative dispute resolution mechanism. [emphasis added]

36 The present case is not complicated and I was content to look at the Award,
the pleadings, the evidence and the overall presentation of the parties’
respective cases before the Tribunal. This approach was adopted because it was
apparent, on the face of the Award itself, that something was amiss in this
particular case, and to understand the Award and the opposing arguments of the
defendants, some degree of review was required.

The circumstances surrounding the Tribunal’s purported failure to consider the
Disputed Counterclaim

37 I have already set out above (at [23]-[30]) the various salient parts of
the Award. In this part of the Judgment, I shall discuss the Award in the
context of the pleadings and evidence before the Tribunal, including the
manner in which the parties’ presented their respective cases.

38 It is worth repeating several matters. First, the Disputed Counterclaim for
the Receivables was in fact presented by the plaintiffs to the Tribunal for
determination. Second, it is not in dispute that the Group B Goods were
actually delivered. Third, it is similarly not in dispute that the Group B
Goods were different purchases from the Group A Goods, and that the
rectification works for which 10 debit notes were raised by D2 related to the
Group A Goods only (see above at [16] and [28]). In other words, there was no
claim for rectification works in respect of the Group B Goods.

The pleadings

39 In P1’s Re-Amended Defence and Counterclaim in the BOA Arbitration, P1
pleaded its entitlement to an aggregate sum of RM5,838,956 purportedly being
“Amounts owing as at 31 January 2008”.[note: 5] This included the sum of
RM5,816,770.25 as “Amounts owing for goods sold and delivered”. In relation to
the latter sum, P1 further pleaded that:[note: 6]

57.By a letter of demand dated 13 February 2007, [P1] demanded from [D1] the
sum of RM4,653,604.78 due and owing by [D1] to [P1] for the good supplied by
[P1] to [D1].

58.By a letter dated 14 February 2007 from [D1] to [P1], [D1] sought to set
off an amount of RM4,653.604.78 purportedly due from [P1] to [D1] in terms of
receivables.

59.By a letter dated 14 February 2007, [P1] denied the contents of the letter
dated 14 February 2007 from [D1] to [P1] aforesaid.

60.Todate [sic], the sum of RM5,816,770.25 is still due and owing by [D1] to
[P1].

P1 also pleaded its entitlement to RM22,186 being the bank balances
purportedly payable by D4 to P1.[note: 7]

40 In its Amended Reply and Defence to Counterclaim, D1 stated:[note: 8]

44.Referring to paragraph 57, [D1] admits that a Notice of Demand for
RM4,653,604.78 was sent to [D1] but contends that the said notice is not dated
13.2.2007 as pleaded by [P1]. In fact, the original letter was also wrongly
dated “2.11.2006”. In any event, it was received by [D1] on 7.2.2007.

45.Referring to paragraph 58, [D1] contends that it did on 14.2.2007 write to
[P1] and disputed that there is an outstanding amount of RM4,653,604.78 due
from [D1] to [P1]. [P1] was _inter alia_ informed that the cost for defective
products supplied have not been taken into consideration in calculating the
amount purportedly owed by [D1]. [P1] was also informed that subject to [D1]
receiving satisfactory clarification with regard to the debit notes for the
defective products and the verification exercise that [D1] was undertaking at
the time in respect of products purchased from [P1], an amount of RM224,630.00
was due and owing by [P1] to [D1] after setting off [P1’s] purported claim
against receivables.

46.Paragraph 59 is denied in so far as [P1] did reply on 14.2.2007 to [D1’s]
letter dated 14.2.2007. [D1] does not have any record of [P1’s] purported
reply dated 14.2.2007.

47.[D1] categorically denies paragraph 60 and contends that it is embarrassed
by [P1’s] pleading which lacks any particulars. [D1] refers to paragraph 57
where [P1] alleged that only an amount of RM4,653,604.78 is purportedly due
and owing pursuant to the letter of demand. [D1] puts [P1] to strict proof of
paragraph 60.

48.[D1] denies paragraph 61 and puts [P1] to strict proof.

The evidence

41 The plaintiffs also led evidence in respect of the goods sold (_ie_ , the
Group B Goods). In the witness statement of Ms Valerie Gan (“Ms Gan”), a
witness for the plaintiffs, she stated at paragraph 15.3 that:[note: 9]

_Receivables is amount owed by [D] as at 31 January 2008 of RM5,838,956.00.
The document to support this claim is_ [_P1’s_] _audited accounts as at 31
January 2008_ found at **pages 2940 to 2979 volume 10 of [P1’s] Bundle of
Documents.** The amount owed by [D] pursuant to trade is RM5,816,770 as seen
at note 13 under “an affiliate” **at page 2971 volume 10 of [P1’s] Bundle of
Documents.** The amount owed by [D] from cash and bank balances is RM22,185.88
as seen **at pages 1122 to 1124 of volume 4 of [P1’s] Bundle of Documents.**
[emphasis in original in bold, emphasis added in italics]

On 24 July 2009, Ms Gan was subjected to cross-examination in respect of the
Receivables. Then counsel for the defendants in the Arbitration, Mr
Sivaneindiren, focused his cross-examination on how Ms Gan was able to show
the quantum of Receivables due with reference to P1’s statement of account and
audited accounts.

42 Other than a bare denial of Ms Gan’s evidence by the defendants’ principal
witness, Mr Rainer Floeth (“Mr Floeth”)[note: 10], the defendants’ witnesses
did not address the issue of the Receivables or the Disputed Counterclaim in
their evidence.

The submissions in the BOA Arbitration

43 In P1’s written submissions in the BOA Arbitration dated 30 October 2009,
it was submitted at paragraphs 16.8 and 25.3.3 as follows:[note: 11]

16.8 [Ms Gan] in paragraph 15.3 of her witness statement highlighted that the
amount owed by [D] as at 31 January 2008 is RM5,838,956.00 which is reflected
as “receivables” in [P1’s] audited accounts as at 31 January 2008 **(RBD vol
10 pgs 2940 to 2979)**. The amount owed by [D] pursuant to trade is
RM5,816,770 as seen at note 13 under “an affiliate” **at page 2979 (supporting
documents and invoices appear at RBD vol 8 pages 2193 to 2232)**. The amount
owed by [D] from cash and bank balances is RM22,185.88 **(RBD vol 4 pgs 1122
to 1124)**

...

25.3.3 Receivables is the amount owed by [D] as at 31 January 2008 of
RM5,838,956.00. …

[emphasis in original]

44 In its written submissions dated 2 November 2009, [D] submitted on the
damages claimed by P1 for loss of profits, impairment loss and retrenchment
costs.[note: 12] [D] further submitted on the Receivables at paragraph
363:[note: 13]

363 As regards the receivables amounting to RM5,838,956.00, _we say that the
amount has not been proven_. If at all the Tribunal were minded to accept [Ms
Gan’s] explanation under cross-examination – that the figure is based on the
audited accounts, though no breakdown is provided – we respectfully submit
that _this amount should be set-off against any amounts that the Tribunal may
award to [D1] and/or [D4]_. [emphasis added]

45 In light of the above, the positions of the parties before the Tribunal
appear to be as follows. P1 had made it clear in its pleadings, evidence and
submissions that it was claiming the sum of RM5,838,956 for the Receivables.
On the other hand, based on its pleadings and submissions, D1’s position was
that the Disputed Counterclaim had not been proven in terms of the quantum
sought in pleadings. This is clear from [D]’s further submission that if the
Tribunal accepted P1’s position that the amount claimed under the Disputed
Counterclaim was based on the audited accounts of P1, then this amount was to
be set off against any amounts awarded to D1 and/or D4 by the Tribunal. I
pause here to flag out Mr Kumarasingam’s argument for D1 to D3 which was that
the Tribunal did not accept Ms Gan’s evidence and as such did not deal with
the set off. The short answer to Mr Kumarasingam’s contention is that this
plainly contradicts paragraph 5.5.1 of the Award which stated that the
question of remedies, including P1’s entitlement to the Disputed Counterclaim,
“[did] not arise” (see above at [29]-[30]).

The statements of issues to be tried

46 On 24 July 2009, the Tribunal instructed parties to furnish an agreed list
of issues. However, since the parties could not agree on a common list of
issues, separate lists of issues were submitted. On 24 August 2009, the
defendants furnished the Tribunal with a statement of issues to be tried
(“[D]’s List”). On 26 August 2009, the plaintiffs furnished the Tribunal with
their list of issues (“[P]’s List”).

47 In [P]’s List, the Tribunal was to determine a number of issues, including
(at paragraph 15):[note: 14]

15.Whether [D1] is indebted to [P1] for goods sold and delivered by [P1] to
it;

15.1Whether the defects in the goods so delivered are the responsibility of
[D] or [P1];

At paragraph 18, the plaintiffs sought the following reliefs in the BOA
Arbitration:[note: 15]

18.If the [Tribunal] finds in favour of [P1] in [the BOA Arbitration] whether
[P1] is entitled to claim:

18.1for loss of profits amounting to RM26,352,000.00;

18.2impairment loss amounting to RM69,901,122.00;

18.3 _the sum owing by [D1] to [P1] of RM5,838,956.00_ ; and

18.4retrenchment costs amounting to RM780,956.00;

[emphasis added]

At paragraph 19, the plaintiffs framed the issues as follows should the
Tribunal find in favour of [D]:[note: 16]

19.If the Tribunal finds in favour of [D1]:

19.1whether [D1] is entitled to claim loss of profits amounting to
€500,377.04;

19.2whether [D1] is entitled to claim the amount of US$43,108.69 for
rectification works undertaken by [D1] in respect of the defective products
supplied by [P1];

19.3whether [D1] is entitled to claim the amount of €424,158.33 for
rectification works undertaken by [D2] in respect of the defective products
supplied by [P1].

48 Conversely, [D]’s List omitted explicit consideration of whether D1 was
indebted to P1 in respect of the Receivables (_ie_ , paragraph 15 of [P]’s
List). The issues set out in paragraphs 1 to 6 of [D]’s List related to
whether P1 acted in breach of its obligations under the BOA and the LA.
However, when framing the _reliefs_ claimed by P1 in the BOA Arbitration, the
defendants then combined P1’s counterclaims for general damages with the
Disputed Counterclaim in respect of the Receivables. At paragraph 7 of [D]’s
List, it stated (mirroring paragraph 18 of [P]’s List; see above at
[47]):[note: 17]

7.If the [Tribunal] finds in favour of [P1] in [the BOA Arbitration], whether
[P1] is entitled to claim any of the following:

7.1 loss of profits amounting to RM26,352,000.00

7.2 impairment loss amounting to RM69,901,112.00;

7.3 _the amount of RM5,838,956.00 purportedly due and owing; and_

7.4 retrenchment costs amounting to RM780,956.00

[emphasis added]

In other words, in [D]’s List, the issues were framed such that if the
Tribunal found that the plaintiffs were in breach of the BOA and the LA as
alleged in the arbitration, they would not be entitled to any of the amounts
counterclaimed, including the Disputed Counterclaim for the Receivables. [D]’s
List did not explicitly list the Receivables as a claim for consideration
despite the plaintiffs’ pleadings.

49 I have already recounted the Tribunal’s treatment of the Disputed
Counterclaim in the Award (see [29] to [30] above).

The purported omission of the Disputed Counterclaim from the Award

The framework of issues considered by the Tribunal

50 Mr Kumar argued that it was the Tribunal’s adoption of [D]’s List that led
to the Tribunal’s failure to address the Disputed Counterclaim, as the
framework of issues put forward by [D] omitted the issues of D1’s purported
indebtedness for goods sold and delivered by P1 (which, conversely, was set
out at paragraph 15 of [P]’s List) and D4’s indebtedness to P1. According to
Mr Kumar, because Issue #16 in the Award was phrased in a manner which obliged
the Tribunal’s consideration of the Receivables only if the other substantive
issues in the BOA Arbitration were determined in [P]’s favour (_ie_ , Issue
#13 and Issue #14 in the Award), the Tribunal completely failed to consider
the Disputed Counterclaim.

51 Mr Kumar further submitted that the Disputed Counterclaim was a stand-alone
issue before the Tribunal and had nothing to do with whether [D] had breached
their contractual obligations (Issue #13 in the Award) or had acted in a
manner to frustrate the joint venture (Issue #14 of the Award).

52 In response, Mr Kumarasingam countered that the plaintiffs had only made a
bare allegation that the Disputed Counterclaim (and the parties’ submissions
thereon) was not considered by the Tribunal. The Tribunal had the benefit of
the parties’ pleadings and submissions on the Disputed Counterclaim. Further,
the issue of the Disputed Counterclaim was also dealt with in the course of
cross-examination of Ms Gan. Mr Kumarasingam submitted that in finding that
neither the plaintiffs nor the defendants had acted in a manner so as to
frustrate the joint venture, the Tribunal left it to the parties to “come to a
consensual resolution to unwind the remainder of their failed joint venture”
(paragraph 5.6.3 of the Award).[note: 18] I have to say that I do not see how
Mr Kumarasingam’s contentions impact the question at issue in OS 1006/2012.

Interaction with the issue of defective goods

53 Sensing the weakness of his arguments, during the hearing of the present
application, Mr Kumarasingam came up with a line of argument that was _not_
the defendants’ case before the Tribunal. He said that the issue of the
defective goods before the Tribunal was tied to the issue of the Receivables.
In other words, the defendants appeared to assert that the Tribunal had
considered (and dismissed) the Disputed Counterclaim for the Receivables with
the finding that P1 had been in breach of the LA in failing to manufacture
products in accordance to contractually applicable standards (see above at
[28]). To repeat, at paragraphs 3.3.1-3.3.10 of the Award (_ie_ , Issue #3),
the Tribunal had considered the issue of whether P1 had breached Clause 4.1 of
the LA in delivering poor quality goods (_ie_ , the Group A Goods), and if so,
whether D1 was entitled to recover for rectification works for which it had
incurred a total expenditure of US$43,108.69 and €424,168.33. The Tribunal
ultimately found that P1 was in breach of Clause 4.1 of the LA and was liable
to pay for the rectification works.

54 Mr Kumarasingam argued that the fact that the Group A Goods were found to
be defective by the Tribunal suggested that the Group B Goods were also
defective. Moreover, he submitted that the plaintiffs’ own formulation of the
issue of the Receivables in [P]’s List at paragraph 15 suggested that the
quality of the Group B Goods was in issue (see above at [47]). It is to be
recalled that the relevant issue was formulated in [P]’s List as follows:

15\. Whether [D1] is indebted to [P1] for goods sold and delivered by [P1] to
it;

15.1 _Whether the defects in the goods so delivered are the responsibility of
[D] or [P1]._

[emphasis added]

55 According to Mr Kumarasingam, the Tribunal’s finding that the plaintiffs
did not consistently produce goods of the required quality logically extended
to the Group B Goods as the plaintiffs had raised (in [P]’s List) the question
of whose responsibility it was to ensure the quality of the Group B Goods. Mr
Kumarasingam also verbally referred me to various portions of the plaintiffs’
pleadings[note: 19] and submissions[note: 20] before the Tribunal where the
plaintiffs claimed that [D] had alleged that the goods supplied by P1 were
defective in order not to pay for the goods. Mr Kumarasingam therefore
concluded that the Tribunal, upon finding that the plaintiffs did not
consistently produce goods of the required quality, decided that the issue of
the Disputed Counterclaim “[did] not arise” (see above at [29]).

56 Mr Kumar disagreed with this analysis and argued that the Arbitration never
dealt with the Group B Goods, only with the Group A Goods and the 10 debit
notes. Indeed, in respect of the Group A Goods, the defendants had made the
requisite payment for the goods and then succeeded in claiming costs for
rectification works in relation to the proven defects. In contrast, the Group
B Goods were received and accepted by D1 without raising the issue of any
abatement in price for rectification works. More specifically, there was no
part of the defendants’ pleadings or submissions where they had categorically
invited the Tribunal to disregard the Disputed Counterclaim on the ground that
the relevant goods were defective.

57 Mr Kumar pointed out that the defendants’ argument relating to the alleged
defects in the Group B Goods was _not_ the way the case was run before the
Tribunal. The defendants had argued on the basis that the plaintiffs had to
prove the _quantum_ of the Receivables. According to Mr Kumar, the issue of
the Disputed Counterclaim had always been a separate and distinct issue from
the purported breaches by the plaintiffs in supplying defective Group A Goods.

58 It is important to bear in mind that P1’s alleged breaches of the LA in
supplying goods of defective quality related to ten debit notes for
rectification costs which were not satisfied (_ie_ , the Group A Goods) and
not in relation to the Receivables claimed in the Disputed Counterclaim (_ie_
, the Group B Goods). Indeed, Mr Kumarasingam conceded during the hearing of
this application that the issues of P1’s alleged breaches of the LA and D1’s
liability for the Receivables related to different groups of products. In this
regard, averments in the pleadings to P1’s supply of defective goods and the
refusal of D1 to pay for defective goods were referable only to the Group A
Goods.

59 I agreed with Mr Kumar, and rejected this particular argument run by Mr
Kumarasingam _viz_. that it had been defendants’ case in the Arbitration that
they were not required to pay the Receivables because the goods received (ie,
the Group B Goods) were defective. As stated, it is significant that there was
no claim for rectification costs in relation the Group B Goods. Besides, it
was not the defendants’ case in the BOA Arbitration that the Group B Goods had
no value such that the defendants would not be liable to pay any money at all
for them. Having been put to strict proof thereof, P1 sought to prove the
quantum of the Group B Goods by referring to invoices for the goods supplied,
audited accounts, and evidence from Ms Gan who was cross-examined primarily on
proof of the _quantum_ of the Disputed Counterclaim (see above at [41]). It
followed that in their written submissions before the Tribunal, D1 and/or D4’s
only argument appeared to be that the quantum of the indebtedness had not been
proven. Critically, the defendants also invited the Tribunal to set off the
amount against any amounts the Tribunal might award to D1/D4 (see [44] above).

60 Besides, as Mr Kumar rightly submitted, this particular argument run by Mr
Kumarasingam was brought up for the first time at the hearing of OS 1006/2012,
and was not alluded to in any of the affidavits filed before the hearing or
the written submissions prepared for the hearing by Mr Kumarasingam. Indeed,
D1 to D3’s case on affidavit was that “[t]hroughout the BOA Arbitration, the
position of [D1] in relation to [P1’s] counterclaim was consistent i.e. the
Purported Sum had to be proven by [P1] to the satisfaction of the
Tribunal”.[note: 21]

Discussion on the Tribunal’s treatment of the Disputed Counterclaim

61 Due to the way the issues were framed in the Award, and the fact that the
Receivables were listed under Issue #16 as a _relief sought_ (as opposed to an
issue of liability), once the Tribunal held that [P] failed to prove [D]’s
breaches in Issue #13 and Issue #14, the Tribunal logically concluded that all
the remedies listed in Issue #16 did not arise for determination. According to
Mr Kumarasingam,[note: 22] “the necessary inference must be that the Tribunal
had considered the parties’ respective positions and submissions…and come to
the conclusion that the Plaintiffs had not satisfied the Tribunal that the
Disputed Counterclaim was due and owing”.

62 I am not convinced by this. I agree with Mr Kumar that on the face of the
Award, the merits of the Disputed Counterclaim had not been listed as an issue
of liability and only as a relief the plaintiffs might be entitled to if they
succeeded on their other claims (_ie_ , Issue #13 and Issue #14). It is quite
clear that the plaintiffs’ pleaded complaints described at [25] above were
rejected by the Tribunal as not having been successfully proven. In contrast,
the Disputed Counterclaim was _not_ rejected because the Tribunal found that
it had not been proven or because of any conclusion relating to the quantum of
the Receivables.

63 It is to be recalled that D1, in its letter of 14 February 2007 (see above
at [15]), disputed its liability to pay the Receivables and stated that it was
undertaking its own “verification exercise” on the goods purchased from P1. At
the Arbitration, there was no suggestion or evidence that the verification
exercise was carried out. I note that putting the plaintiffs to strict proof
with respect to the Disputed Counterclaim is not the same thing as alleging
that the goods were defective. Whilst the parties did not agree on the quantum
of the plaintiffs’ claim, the goods delivered must have been worth something.
Notably, it was not D1’s case in the BOA Arbitration that the Group B Goods
had no value.[note: 23] In addition, there was no evidence that the Group B
Goods were returned by D1 for rectification. The only way the plaintiffs would
not have been entitled to any payment at all would be if the Tribunal had
found that defects in the products should have resulted in an abatement in
price which would have extinguished the Disputed Counterclaim. No mention at
all was made by the Tribunal of any abatement or extinguishment of the sum, or
even of any defects in quality in relation to the Group B Goods. Moreover, it
was never even the defendants’ case in the BOA Arbitration that the Group B
Goods were defective.

64 In these circumstances, the Tribunal’s omission to make a ruling on the
Discounted Counterclaim could only mean that the Tribunal did not address the
substantive merits of the Disputed Counterclaim because the Tribunal had
assumed that it was a relief sought pursuant to the plaintiffs’ pleaded
complaints described in [25]. It had slipped the Tribunal’s notice that the
Disputed Counterclaim for Receivables was an independent and distinct claim
that had to be dealt with independent of his findings on Issue #13 and Issue
#14. It is highly likely that this oversight happened because the Tribunal
extensively adopted [D]’s List of issues to be determined (see above at
[24]-[25]).

65 For completeness, I refer to Mr Kumarasingam’s argument that the plaintiffs
had at no time objected to the issues formulated in [D]’s List. I accord this
argument little weight. It was precisely because the parties were unable to
agree on a list of issues that separate lists were submitted for the
consideration of the Tribunal.

66 In my view, the Tribunal’s oversight for the reasons explained above was
not due to a manifest error of law or fact on the part of the Tribunal. This
leads me to the next question of whether the oversight falls within the
provisions of s 24(b) of the IAA or Art 34(2) of the Model Law.

The grounds for setting aside the Award

67 This form of challenge to the Award under _inter alia_ s 24(b) of the IAA,
like other types of statutory challenges to arbitral awards, is circumscribed
by the judicial philosophy of minimal curial intervention. The oft-cited
reasons for the principle of minimal curial interference with arbitral awards
are the need to encourage finality in the arbitral process as well as the
deemed acceptance by the parties to an arbitration of the attendant risks of
having only a very limited right of recourse to the courts (per V K Rajah JA
in _Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R)
86 (“ _Soh Beng Tee_ ”) at [65(c)]). In the context of this case, it is
apposite that I quote the statement of principle at [65(f)] of _Soh Beng Tee_
as a reminder of the judicial philosophy of minimal intervention with the
finality of an arbitral award:

Each case should be decided within its own factual matrix. It must always be
borne in mind that it is not the function of the court to assiduously comb an
arbitral award microscopically in attempting to determine if there was any
blame or fault in the arbitral process; rather, an award should be read
generously such that _only meaningful breaches of the rules of natural justice
that have actually cause prejudiced are ultimately remedied_. [emphasis in
original text]

68 It is well-established that the courts will decline to set aside arbitral
awards in cases of errors of law or fact on the part of the arbitral tribunal.
As stated in _Sui Southern Gas Co Ltd v Habibullah Coastal Power Co (Pte) Ltd_
[2010] 3 SLR 1 (“ _Sui Southern_ ”), a case on Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the IAA,
at [38]:

…Where an arbitral tribunal correctly states but misapplies the law, this is
an error of law (and does not cease to be such even if the error is gross or
egregious), in respect of which no challenge lies under the Act…. In so far as
SSGC alleged that the Tribunal ignored “the matrix of facts”, this was an
allegation that the Tribunal committed an error of fact, in respect of which
there is also no remedy under the Act…

69 However, in _CRW Joint Operation v PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK_
[2011] 4 SLR 305 (“ _CRW_ ”) at [27], the Court of Appeal emphasised that
while the courts infrequently exercise their power to set aside arbitral
awards, they will nevertheless do so without hesitation if a statutorily
prescribed ground for setting aside an arbitral award is clearly established.

S 24(b) of the IAA

70 It is well accepted that Art 18 of the Model Law enshrines the right of the
parties to be treated with equality and to be given a full opportunity to
present their cases. Singapore has legislated on the right to challenge an
award on grounds of a breach of natural justice in s 24(b) of the IAA, which
provides that the High Court may set aside the award of the arbitral tribunal
if a breach of the rules of natural justice occurred in connection with the
making of the award by which the rights of any party have been prejudiced.

71 The test for setting aside where there is a breach of natural justice was
laid down in _Soh Beng Tee_. The Court of Appeal held (at [29]) that a party
challenging an arbitration award as having contravened the rules of natural
justice must establish:

(a) Which rule of natural justice was breached;

(b) How it was breached;

(c) In what way the breach was connected to the making of the award; and

(d) How the breach prejudiced its rights.

72 While _Soh Beng Tee_ was a decision under the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002
Rev Ed) (“the AA”), the test should equally apply to a case brought under s
24(b) of the IAA (see _Soh Beng Tee_ at [65] and _L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd v
Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2013] 1 SLR 125 (“ _L W
Infrastructure_ ”) at [49]).

Whether there has been a breach of the rules of natural justice

73 In _Soh Beng Tee_ (at [43]), the Court of Appeal further explained two
pillars of natural justice encapsulated in the maxims _nemo judex in causa
sua_ and _audi alteram partem_ :

In _Gas & Fuel Corporation of Victoria v Wood Hall Ltd & Leonard Pipeline
Contractors Ltd_ [1978] VR 385 at 396, Marks J helpfully distilled the essence
of the two pillars of natural justice in the following terms:

The first is that an adjudicator must be disinterested and unbiased. This is
expressed in the Latin maxim – the _nemo judex in causa sua_. **_The second
principle is that the parties must be given adequate notice and opportunity to
be heard. This in turn is expressed in the familiar Latin maxim – audi alteram
partem._**_In considering the evidence in this case, it is important to bear
in mind that each of the two principles may be said to have sub-branches or
amplifications. One amplification of the first rule is that justice must not
only be done but appear to be done;_ (Lord Hewart, C.J. in _R v Sussex
Justices; ex parte McCarthy_ , _[1924] 1 K.B. 256_ at p 259; [1923] All E.R.
Rep. 233). **_Sub-branches of the second principle are that each party must be
given a fair hearing and a fair opportunity to present its case. Transcending
both principles are the notions of fairness and judgment only after a full and
fair hearing given to all parties._**

[emphasis in original in italics, emphasis added in bold italics]

74 As recognised by the Court of Appeal in _Soh Beng Tee_ , the doctrine of
_audi alteram partem_ is a fundamental as well as multi-faceted one in the
context of arbitral proceedings. The sub-branches referred to by the Court of
Appeal are the four “sub-rules” identified in _TMM._ In that case, Chan J
considered a setting aside application on _inter alia_ the ground of a breach
of the rules of natural justice in the context of four further sub-rules (see
[63]-[106]):

(a) the duty to not look beyond the parties’ submissions.

(b) the duty to deal with essential issues;

(c) the duty to attempt to consider and comprehend the parties’ submissions;
and

(d) the duty to give reasons and explanations;

I agree that the above formulation provides a convenient framework to consider
whether the rules of natural justice have been breached in a particular case.
The abovementioned duties of the arbitral tribunal are not exhaustive and
should not be considered rigidly or in isolation as there will often be a
degree of overlap between the various amplifications of the doctrine. For
example, a complete failure on the part of the arbitral tribunal to give
essential reasoning may in certain circumstances give rise to a factual
inference that it has been remiss in its duty to attempt _bona fide_ to
consider and comprehend the parties’ submissions. Finally, I also note that
the question of breach often involves a determination of the _extent_ of
departure from best practices and/or procedures, and that there is an entire
spectrum of conduct ranging from “permissible discretionary decision-making
[to] the forbidden territory of impermissible breach of natural justice” (see
_TMM_ at [60]).

75 In the present instance, the duty most closely engaged is the duty to deal
with all essential issues in the arbitration. As noted in _TMM_ (at
[72]-[74]), an arbitral tribunal is not obliged as a matter of practicality to
deal with every argument canvassed by the parties, but it must ensure that all
_essential_ issues are dealt with. In determining what is considered
“essential”, tribunals should be given a fair amount of latitude and should be
entitled to take the view that the dispute may be disposed of without further
consideration of certain issues. Moreover, an issue need not be addressed
expressly in an award but may be _implicitly_ resolved. Nevertheless, it is
remains incumbent on the tribunal to address its mind to the various critical
issues in the proceedings. In this context, the High Court in _TMM_ drew a
distinction between arguments on the one hand and issues on the other. To
this, in my view, might be added a further distinction as between a head of
claim brought by the parties and an issue that is a part of a head of claim,
which distinction we will have reason to return to later (see below at [86]).
Suffice to say that an issue that is part of a claim may be either an
essential or subsidiary issue. An essential issue is likely to impact on the
outcome of the claim whereas a subsidiary or peripheral issue will not.

76 At this juncture, it may be helpful to look at various instances where the
courts have either set aside or declined to set aside arbitral awards on the
ground of breaches of the rules of natural justice. In _TMM_ , as noted, the
High Court eventually declined to set aside the award finding, _inter alia_ ,
that the arbitrator had dealt with all the essential issues to the dispute. In
that case, the dispute between the parties was over the purported repudiation
of two Memoranda of Agreement for the sale and purchase of two vessels. The
High Court opined that once the arbitrator took the position that the
defendant’s failures (if any) in respect of certain contractually required
repairs only amounted to a breach of a warranty and not a condition, the
plaintiff was accordingly not entitled to reject delivery of the vessels. All
the essential issues were therefore addressed and, whilst the defendant
submitted that the arbitrator did not deal with certain issues, the resolution
of those issues flowed from his decision on other issues.

77 Conversely, in _Front Row Investment Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Daimler
South East Asia Pte Ltd_ [2010] SGHC 80 (“ _Front Row_ ”), the High Court set
aside an arbitral award under s 48(1)(a)(vii) of the AA, which is _in pari
materia_ with s 24(b) of the IAA. The facts of _Front Row_ are worth exploring
at some length. There, the plaintiff and the defendant entered into an
agreement to jointly organise and run a series of races (the “Asian Cup
Series”) using 35 specially built Mercedes-AMG SLK 55 cars. The plaintiff’s
obligations were to purchase the cars from the defendant and provide working
capital for the Asian Cup Series. The defendant’s obligations were, _inter
alia_ , to organise and promote up to 20 races per year for two years. In the
event, the Asian Cup Series was discontinued after three races as a result of
insufficient participation. The plaintiff then attempted to stage a supporting
event for the A1 Grand Prix using the SLK 55 cars, only to be informed by
Mercedes-AMG that the SLK cars were developed only for use in “driving
training programmes...which [did] not involve the cars competing against each
other”. The defendant commenced arbitration proceedings against the plaintiff,
who counterclaimed on the grounds of misrepresentation, alleging that the
defendant had induced the plaintiff to enter into the agreement by three main
representations:

(a) That the Asian Cup Series was to be a race series;

(b) That the 35 Mercedes-AMG SLK 55 cars were specially developed, adapted and
were appropriate for races conducted under the Asian Cup Series; and

(c) That the defendant would give the plaintiff its full backing and support
in marketing, promoting and organizing the Asian Cup Series, and in
particular, it would organise 20 races over 10 weekends per annum with 30 cars
(the “Representation”).

The arbitrator dismissed both the defendant’s claim and the plaintiff’s
counterclaim. On the plaintiff’s application to the High Court to set aside
the relevant part of the arbitrator’s award, Andrew Ang J (“Ang J”) found that
the arbitrator had failed to accord the plaintiff natural justice by
dismissing its counterclaim without considering the grounds of the
counterclaim in full. Specifically, the arbitrator had disregarded the issue
concerning the defendant’s obligation to organise, brand and promote the Asian
Cup Series because he was under the misapprehension that the plaintiff had
abandoned its reliance on the Representation.

78 In contrast, the High Court _per_ Prakash J in _SEF Construction Pte Ltd v
Skoy Connected Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 733 (“ _SEF Construction_ ”) found that
there was no breach of natural justice and declined to set aside the
adjudicator’s determination under the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) on grounds that the adjudicator
clearly had regard to the submissions of parties and the material before him
in arriving at his decision. In the circumstances, Prakash J held (at [60])
that:

… **_The fact that he did not feel it necessary to discuss his reasoning and
explicitly state his conclusions in relation to the third and fourth
jurisdictional issues, though unfortunate in that it gave rise to fears on the
part of SEF that its points were not thought about, cannot mean that he did
not have regard to those submissions at all._** It may have been an accidental
omission on his part to indicate expressly why he was rejecting the
submissions since the Adjudicator took care to explain the reasons for his
other determinations and even indicated matters on which he was not making a
determination. Alternatively, he may have found the points so unconvincing
that he thought it was not necessary to explicitly state his findings.
Whatever may be the reason for the Adjudicator’s omission in this respect, I
do not consider that SEF was not afforded natural justice. **_Natural justice
requires that the parties should be heard; it does not require that they be
given responses on all submissions made._** … [emphasis added]

79 Prakash J in _SEF Construction_ considered a line of Australian cases, and
cited with approval _inter alia_ the following passage from _Brookhollow Pty
Ltd v R &R Consultants Pty Ltd_ [2006] NSWSC 1:

58 _In some cases, it may be possible to say that the issue overlooked was of
such major consequence and so much to the forefront of the parties’
submissions that no adjudicator attempting to address the issues in good faith
could conceivably have regarded it as requiring no specific examination in the
reasons for determination._ **_In other cases, the issue overlooked, although
major, may be one of a large number of issues debated by the parties. If the
adjudicator has dealt carefully in the reasons with most of those issues, it
might well be a possibility that he or she has erroneously, but in good faith,
omitted to deal with another major issue because he or she did not believe it
to be determinative of the result._** Error in identifying or addressing
issues, as distinct from lack of good faith in attempting to do so, is not a
ground of invalidity of the adjudication determination. The Court must have
regard to the way in which the adjudication was conducted and to the extent
and content overall of the adjudicator's reasons: the Court should not be too
ready to infer lack of good faith from the adjudicator’s omission to deal with
an issue when error alone is a possible explanation. [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

80 Several observations may be made about the decision in _SEF Construction._
First, whilst Prakash J found it superfluous to import a duty to act in good
faith from Australian law, she also said (at [58]) that “[w]hat the
Australians say in regard to good faith can be applied to the requirements of
natural justice as well”.

81 Second, Prakash J clearly recognised that there were many reasons why a
tribunal might omit to address particular submissions in its decision. It may
have been an inadvertent omission, or the tribunal might have considered the
argument so wholly unmeritorious as not to necessitate an explicit ruling. To
these possible scenarios, there might be added the not altogether uncommon
scenario where the tribunal may consider certain strands of argument
particularly compelling or even determinative of the result so as to dispose
of the matter and render all other arguments nugatory.

82 Third, and more importantly, it is implicit in the decision of _SEF
Construction_ that the tribunal must nevertheless have regard to the
submissions of the parties, even if it does not overtly deal with every single
one of them in its decision.

83 This view is in line with the sentiments expressed in _Front Row_ by Ang J
(at [31]) where he states:

… **_a court or tribunal will be in breach of natural justice if in the course
of reaching its decision, it disregarded the submissions and arguments made by
the parties on the issues (without considering the merits thereof)_**.
Otherwise, the requirement to comply with the maxim _audi alteram partem_
would be hollow and futile, satisfied by the mere formality of allowing a
party to say whatever it wanted without the tribunal having to address or even
understand and consider whatever had been said. …[emphasis in original in
italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

On the facts, Ang J distinguished _Front Row_ from _SEF Construction_ (at
[45]) as the former was not a case where the arbitrator had regard to the
submissions on the issue but accidentally omitted to state his reasons for
rejecting the same or had found the submissions so unconvincing as to render
it unnecessary to explicitly state his findings on it. In particular, Ang J
noted that the arbitrator in _Front Row_ explicitly stated that he was
disregarding the material issue because the plaintiff had ceased to rely on
it.

84 In the present application, Mr Kumarasingam sought to distinguish the facts
in OS 1006/2012 from that of _Front Row_ and portray them as being more in
line with the situation in _SEF Construction_. He emphasised that:[note: 24]

(a) The plaintiffs had not alleged that they were ever prevented from fully
presenting their pleadings, evidence, and submissions in relation to the
Disputed Counterclaim;

(b) The plaintiffs had not alleged that the Arbitrator ever mis-characterised
the plaintiffs’ position in relation to the Disputed Counterclaim; and

(c) The plaintiffs had not alleged any misconduct on the part of the Tribunal.

85 I note Kumarasingam’s arguments in this respect. I am cognisant of the fact
that in borderline cases the difference between a mere error on the part of
the Tribunal and an unjustified omission to consider parties’ arguments or
submissions may appear vanishingly small. Nevertheless, I am unable to ignore
the fact that the present case involved a clear oversight on the part of the
Tribunal to consider an _entire head of counterclaim_ that was specifically
referred to the Tribunal by the plaintiffs. As noted above, the Tribunal did
not address the substantive merits of the Disputed Counterclaim having
regarded it as a question of relief that would follow the breaches alleged by
the Plaintiffs in relation to Issue #13 and Issue #14. Indeed, the Tribunal
did not even cite the Disputed Counterclaim for the Receivables as an issue in
the Award, due (most probably) to his extensive reliance on the defendants’
framework of issues, let alone any findings on the Disputed Counterclaim and
questions of relief and remedies flowing from the Disputed Counterclaim. As
submitted by Mr Kumar, this is not a case of logical inference (such as _SEF
Construction_) in which it is clear from the face of the award that the
Tribunal had actually considered and dismissed the claim, albeit without
explicitly addressing the same: there was no corollary between the Tribunal’s
findings in the Award and the plaintiffs’ counterclaim for the Receivables. In
the circumstances, the inference must be that the Tribunal had inadvertently
disregarded this particular head of claim.

86 A wholesale omission to deal with a distinct head of claim is in contrast
to an omission to deal with particular _issues or arguments_ which might be
interrelated and/or cumulative in nature. In respect of the latter,
arbitrators are often required to consider and balance numerous arguments of
differing relevance and/or importance. In such a situation, arbitrators often
have a degree of discretion in assigning what they consider to be the
appropriate weight to each issue or argument. In _TMM_ , Chan J considered the
_further_ distinction between issues and arguments significant, and explained
it (at [75]) as:

An argument is a proposition that inclines towards a specific conclusion. It
typically contains reasons or premises, either factual or legal or both, which
are presented as driving one towards a particular conclusion. An issue, on the
other hand, is a topic. It is non-prescriptive, and usually expressed as a
question.

As stated above (at [75]), an arbitral tribunal is not obliged to deal with
every single _argument_ brought up by the parties, but has the duty to deal
with all **_essential_** _issues_. However, in the present case, the
Receivables formed a discrete head of claim that was specifically referred to
the Tribunal for determination.

87 The fact that P1 had fully canvassed the Disputed Counterclaim before the
Tribunal in the BOA Arbitration does not mean that the counterclaim was in
fact considered or that the Award is thereby unimpeachable. As Ang J observed
in _Front Row_ (at [35]):

… The failure to allow a party to address the tribunal on a key issue is a
corollary to allowing the submission but then ignoring it altogether whether
deliberately or otherwise. In both cases, **_the mischief is precisely the
same: a party is denied the opportunity to address its position to the
judicial mind._** …

[emphasis added]

88 As noted in _TMM_ (at [90]), the central inquiry in all such cases is
whether the award reflects the fact that the arbitral tribunal had applied its
mind to the critical issues and arguments. In the present circumstances, it
appears that this crucial question must be answered in the negative. In my
judgment, the present case is very similar to _Front Row_ , where the
arbitrator arrived at the erroneous view that the plaintiff was not pursuing a
counterclaim based on the Representation and made it clear the he did not
consider the Representation in dismissing the counterclaim. Likewise, for the
reasons stated earlier, the Tribunal in failing entirely to consider the
merits of the Disputed Counterclaim had breached the principle of natural
justice reflected in the Latin maxim _audi alteram partem_.

Whether the breach prejudiced the rights of any party

89 The Court of Appeal in _Soh Beng Tee_ identified (at [91]) the requisite
level of prejudice which had to be shown as one where the breach of natural
justice “must, at the very least, have actually altered the final outcome of
the arbitral proceedings in some meaningful way”.

90 In its recent decision of _L W Infrastructure_ , the Court of Appeal
reconsidered the required level of prejudice before an award can be set aside,
stating (at [51]) that _Soh Beng Tee_ “should not be understood as requiring
the applicant for relief to demonstrate affirmatively that a different outcome
would have ensued but for the breach of natural justice”. The Court of Appeal
clarified the contextual use of the phrase “real or actual prejudice” in _Soh
Beng Tee_ and qualified the test of prejudice (at [54]) as follows:

…[T]he real inquiry is whether the breach of natural justice was merely
technical and inconsequential or whether as a result of the breach, the
arbitrator was denied the benefit of arguments or evidence that had a real as
opposed to a fanciful chance of making a difference to his deliberations. Put
another way, _the issue is whether the material could reasonably have made a
difference to the arbitrator; rather than whether it would necessarily have
done so_. Where it is evident that there is no prospect whatsoever that the
material if presented would have made any difference because it wholly lacked
any legal or factual weight, then it could not seriously be said that the
complainant has suffered actual or real prejudice in not having had the
opportunity to present this to the arbitrator (_cf Soh Beng Tee_ at [86]).
[emphasis added]

91 The preceding passage from _L W Infrastructure_ was in the context of
parties not having the opportunity to reply or make submissions on a
particular issue. The same reasoning applies to the situation where the
arbitrator has disregarded or otherwise failed to address specific issues or
submissions put forth by the parties. Where the arguments or submissions
omitted from consideration could have reasonably made a difference to the
final result, the applicant can be said to have suffered the requisite
prejudice. In the present case, D1 and D4 had taken the clear position in
their submissions that any sums found to be due to P1 in respect of the
Disputed Counterclaim should be set-off against the damages awarded to D1
and/or D4. No submission was made nor was any evidence adduced contesting the
Disputed Counterclaim save for a bare denial of the defendants’ liability to
pay the Receivables (see above at [42]). Had the Tribunal applied his mind to
the merits of the sum in issue in the Disputed Counterclaim for Receivables,
there was a possibility that he could have granted the counterclaim, which
would have resulted in a material difference in the Award.

92 As noted above, the Tribunal had overlooked an entire and discrete head of
claim by the plaintiffs, which, if considered, might have made a substantive
difference to the final award. Had the Tribunal considered this head of claim
for the Receivables, an outcome in favour of P1 could alter P1’s position from
the paying party in the BOA Arbitration to the receiving party as the damages
awarded to D1 were less than the quantum of the Disputed Counterclaim (see
above at [33]).

93 In the premises, I find that there was a breach of natural justice under s
24(b) of the IAA. The Tribunal’s wholesale failure to consider the Disputed
Counterclaim could not be said to be a merely “technical and inconsequential”
breach, but was one which could have reasonably resulted in prejudice to the
plaintiffs.

Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law

94 Having reached the conclusion that there was a breach of natural justice,
Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law would also be engaged on the facts as the
pertinent questions and answers for both grounds in cases such as this are the
same (see _CRW_ at [96]).

95 Art 34(2)(a)(iii) states that an arbitral award may be set aside by the
court if the party making the application furnishes proof that “the award
deals with a dispute not contemplated by or not falling within the terms of
the submission to arbitration, or contains decisions on matters beyond the
scope of the submission to arbitration, provided that, if the decisions on
matters submitted to arbitration can be separated from those not so submitted,
only that part of the award which contains decisions on matters not submitted
to arbitration may be set aside”.

96 The legal principles underlying the application of Art 34(2)(a)(iii) were
considered in _CRW_ at [31] to [33]:

... First, Art 34(2)(a)(iii) is not concerned with the situation where an
arbitral tribunal did not have jurisdiction to deal with the dispute which it
purported to determine. Rather, it applies where the arbitral tribunal
improperly decided matters that had not been submitted to it **_or failed to
decide matters that had been submitted to it_**. In other words, **_Art
34(2)(a)(iii) addresses the situation where the arbitral tribunal_** exceeded
(or **_failed to exercise_**)**_the authority that the parties granted to
it_** (See Gary B Born, _International Commercial Arbitration_ (Wolters
Kluwer, 2009) at vol 2, pp 2606-2607 and 2798-2799). …

Second, it must be noted that a failure by an arbitral tribunal to deal with
every issue referred to it will not ordinarily render its arbitral award
liable to be set aside. The crucial question in every case is whether there
has been real or actual prejudice to either (or both) of the parties to the
dispute. …

Third, it is trite that mere errors of law or even fact are not sufficient to
warrant setting aside an arbitral award under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model
Law (see _Sui Southern Gas Co Ltd v Habibullah Coastal Power Co (Pte) Ltd_
[2010] 3 SLR 1 at [19]-[22]). In the House of Lords decision of _Lesotho
Highlands Development Authority v Impregilo SpA_ [2006] 1 AC 221, which
concerned an application to set aside an arbitral award on the ground of the
arbitral tribunal's "exceeding its powers" (see s 68(2)(b) of the Arbitration
Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) ("the UK Arbitration Act")), Lord Steyn made clear (at
[24]-[25]) the vital distinction between the erroneous exercise by an arbitral
tribunal of an available power vested in it (which would amount to no more
than a mere error of law) and the purported exercise by the arbitral tribunal
of a power which it did not possess. Only in the latter situation, his
Lordship stated, would an arbitral award be liable to be set aside under s
68(2)(b) of the UK Arbitration Act on the ground that the arbitral tribunal
had exceeded its powers. **_In a similar vein, Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model
Law applies where an arbitral tribunal exceeds its authority by deciding
matters beyond its ambit of reference or fails to exercise the authority
conferred on it by failing to decide the matters submitted to it, which in
turn prejudices either or both of the parties to the dispute_** …

[emphasis added]

97 Relevant to the case before me, _CRW_ appears to allow for awards to be set
aside where the arbitral tribunal fails to decide the matters submitted to it,
which proposition was also recognised in _TMM_ at [41]. Also, reference to
“real or actual prejudice” in the preceding paragraphs must be understood in
context, and can be given the same interpretation as set out in _L W
Infrastructure_ (see above at [90]). As such, the court’s exercise of
discretion to set aside cannot be exercised for a mere technical breach but
only where there is cogent evidence of prejudice such that it would have
reasonably made a difference to the arbitral tribunal.

98 In _International Commercial Arbitration_ (Wolters Kluwer, 2009), the
textbook cited by the Court of Appeal in _CRW_ at [96] above, the learned
author explained at pp 2606 to 2610:

An award may be set aside in most developed legal systems if the arbitral
tribunal has ‘exceeded its authority’. Article 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law
is again representative, providing that an award may be annulled if it ‘deals
with a dispute not contemplated by or not falling within the terms of the
submission to arbitration or contains decisions on matters beyond the scope of
the submission to arbitration’ …

…

The most common basis for annulling awards under Article 34(2)(a)(iii) is
where the arbitrators ‘rule[d] on issues not presented to [them] by parties’ —
so-called extra petitia or ultra petitia. …

…

**_Conversely, if a tribunal fails to consider all of the issues that have
been submitted to it (so-called infra petitia), the award may be annulled
under most national laws._** As one French Authority explains,
**_“[i]ndependently of any issue of jurisdiction, the arbitrators may also be
held to have ruled infra petitia on the grounds that they failed to reach a
decision on any one of the parties’ claims, whether by omission or by
deliberate refusal to do so.”_**

[emphasis added]

99 As stated above, the Tribunal appeared to have overlooked the issue of the
Receivables and in the event failed to reach a decision on the Disputed
Counterclaim. The Tribunal thereby failed to exercise the authority granted to
it by the parties and the doctrine of _infra petitia_ clearly applied.
Moreover, the test of prejudice was satisfied for the reasons explained above.

Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law

100 This is the third ground relied upon by Mr Kumar. Having reached the
conclusions I did in relation to s 24(b) of the IAA and Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of
Model Law, I do not consider it necessary to deal with the third ground,
_viz_. Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law, which provides that an arbitral
award may be set aside if the court finds that “the award is in conflict with
the public policy of this State”. I say no more about this ground except to
note (without deciding) that the courts have repeatedly held that it must be
shown that upholding the award would “shock the conscience” or be “clearly
injurious to the public good”. In _Sui Southern Gas_ (at [48]), the court made
it clear that the mere contention that an award was “perverse” or “irrational”
could not of itself amount to a breach of public policy. To avail of this
provision, there must instead be some demonstrably “egregious circumstances
such as corruption, bribery or fraud which would violate the most basic
notions of morality and justice.” In the present application, there have been
no indications or allegations of such circumstances. Indeed, I have noted that
the Tribunal’s omission to deal with the Disputed Counterclaim appeared to
have been the result of pure oversight or inadvertence in the face of two
differing lists of issues.

The appropriate order

101 Having set out my findings in respect of s 24(b) of the IAA and Art
34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law, I considered it appropriate to remit the
Dispute Counterclaim for the Receivables and costs thereof to a new tribunal
(which is to be constituted) for determination.

102 The part of the Award that is set aside is limited to the Tribunal’s
finding in Issue # 16 that relates to the Receivables.

103 I note, parenthetically, that this would have been the type of case that
Art 33(3) of the Model Law would have been intended to provide redress for.
Art 33(3) permits parties to request (within a specified time period) the
arbitral tribunal to make an additional award as to claims presented in the
arbitral proceedings but omitted from the award. It is to be hoped that
parties in future cases of a similar nature would first attempt to avail
themselves of any available opportunities to seek redress from the tribunal
itself, before turning to the courts (assuming of course that this is possible
in the circumstances).

104 The plaintiffs shall have their costs of OS1006/2012 taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]CB at pp 24-25.

[note: 2]CB at p 55.

[note: 3]CB at p 56.

[note: 4]CB at pp 59-60.

[note: 5]CB at p 37, para 63.

[note: 6]CB at pp 34-35, paras 57-60.

[note: 7]CB at p 35, para 61.

[note: 8]CB at pp 39-40, paras 44-48.

[note: 9]CB at p 42.

[note: 10]CB at p 43, para 65.

[note: 11]CB at pp 48-49.

[note: 12]Defendants’ Bundle of Pleadings, Vol 2, p 1134 at paras 360, 361,
364.

[note: 13]CB at p 50.

[note: 14]CB at p 67.

[note: 15]CB at p 69.

[note: 16]CB at p 69.

[note: 17]CB at p 65.

[note: 18]CB at p 61.

[note: 19]Bundle of Affidavits, Vol 1, Plaintiffs’ Amended Reply to Defence to
Counterclaim before the Tribunal at pp 621-640, paras 24.10, 28, 30.

[note: 20]Bundle of Affidavits, Vol 2, Plaintiffs’ written submissions before
the Tribunal at pp 834-987, paras 12.16, 15.5, 16.1, 16.9, 23.3, 25.3.

[note: 21]Bundle of Affidavits, Vol 3, 1st Affidavit of Mr Floeth dated 12
December 2012 at paras, 34, 38.

[note: 22]Defendants’ written submissions at para 27(d).

[note: 23]Plaintiffs’ Submissions at para 54 (c).

[note: 24]Defendants’ written submissions at para 19.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Sep 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

