Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  _Re_ International Formwork & Scaffolding Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHC 225

Case Number| :| Companies Winding Up No 160 of 2012 (Summons No 2313 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sim Kwan Kiat, Mark Cheng Wai Yuen and Zhu Ming-Ren
Wilson (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the provisional liquidators of International
Formwork & Scaffolding Pte Ltd; Paul Wong and Ravin Periasamay (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the liquidators of International Formwork & Scaffolding Pte
Ltd.  
Parties| :|  Re International Formwork & Scaffolding Pte Ltd  
  
28 October 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 The provisional liquidators of International Formwork & Scaffolding Pte Ltd
(“the Company”) bring this application, Summons No 2313 of 2013, for an order
that the liquidators of the company pay them their fees and expenses incurred
in the provisional liquidation of the company.

2 This application raises questions about the entitlement of a provisional
liquidator to an equitable lien over the assets of the company and the extent
of that equitable lien. I am told by counsel that there is no decided case in
Singapore covering this point.

Facts

3 By an order of court dated 11 October 2012, Timothy James Reid, Tan Aik Kiat
and Ng Yau Yee Theresa were appointed provisional liquidators (“the
Provisional Liquidators”) of the Company. The Provisional Liquidators’
appointment was made, _inter alia_ , on the back of affidavit evidence
suggesting that a particular group of creditors and their related parties had
made several attempts to misappropriate the Company’s assets and records.

4 After their appointment, one of the Company’s creditors, which was also its
landlord, refused to allow the Provisional Liquidators to enter its premises
to secure its assets and records. An urgent application was made to the court
for an order that the landlord grant the Provisional Liquidators the access it
sought. This was granted on 17 October 2012. Upon securing access to the
Company’s books and assets, the Provisional Liquidators carried out extensive
work for the Company. They said that these included reviewing all of its books
and records, organising and accounting for all of its assets against the books
and records, transporting its assets to alternative premises, convening a
creditors’ meeting, handling its employment matters, and managing the sale of
some assets.

5 On 7 November 2012, Tay Yong Kwang J made an order winding up the Company.
Abuthahir Abdul Gafoor and Chee Yoh Chuang were appointed liquidators of the
Company (“the Liquidators”). In the winding up order, it was expressly ordered
that:

4\. the [Provisional Liquidators’] costs and expenses including their legal
fees to be agreed with the [Liquidators] failing which to be taxed and paid
from the assets of the [Company]. Further, that the [Provisional Liquidators’]
lien over the [Company’s] books and assets be preserved and protected by the
[Liquidators].

6 On 30 November 2012, a breakdown of the Provisional Liquidators’ fees and
expenses was provided. This amounted to S$202,270.39. One creditor, which was
related to the landlord which had to be compelled by the court to allow the
Provisional Liquidators access to the Company’s premises, objected. The
Liquidators refused to pay the Provisional Liquidators’ fees and expenses, and
requested that they be taxed. The Provisional Liquidators and their solicitors
filed their bills for taxation on 1 February 2013 in Bill of Costs No 15 of
2013 (“BC 15/2013”) and Bill of Costs No 18 of 2013 (“BC 18/2013”)
respectively. Notices of Dispute to both BC 15/2013 and BC 18/2013 were filed
by the Liquidators on 19 February 2013. Subsequently, the Liquidators proposed
by way of a letter that that the sums of S$90,000 plus disbursements and
S$50,000 plus disbursements be paid “in lieu of taxation” for each bill in BC
15/2013 and BC 18/2013 respectively. This was accepted by the Provisional
Liquidators on 21 March 2013.

7 Pursuant to this agreement, the Provisional Liquidators wrote to the
Liquidators on 1 April 2013 requesting payment of:

(a) S$97,417.67 to the Provisional Liquidators (inclusive of GST and
disbursements); and

(b) S$57,324.59 to the solicitors of the Provisional Liquidators (inclusive of
GST and disbursements).

However, by a letter dated 3 April 2013, the Liquidators refused to make
payment of these sums, saying that they would respond only when the costs of
the winding up application have also been agreed.

The application before me

8 The Provisional Liquidators accordingly filed this application against the
Liquidators on 3 May 2013 for an order that the Company and the Liquidators
pay the abovementioned sums for professional fees and expenses incurred in the
provisional liquidation of the company without further delay.

9 The application before me was heard in chambers on 23 May 2013. After
hearing arguments by counsel for the Provisional Liquidators and for the
Liquidators in response, I granted an order in terms with costs fixed at
$7,500 to the Provisional Liquidators.

10 On 28 May 2013, the Liquidators applied by way of a letter for further
arguments to be heard pursuant to s 28B of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed). I heard the further arguments made by counsel in
chambers on 18 September 2013 after which I reserved my decision. I now give
the reasons for my decision on 23 May 2013 and my decision upon hearing the
further arguments.

The Liquidators’ arguments

11 By the time of the hearing of the further arguments, the Provisional
Liquidators and Liquidators agreed that the law confers an equitable lien in
favour of the Provisional Liquidators in respect of their costs and expenses
incurred in the provisional liquidation of the Company. What they dispute is
the extent of that equitable lien.

12 The Liquidators’ case is that the lien extends only insofar as the assets
that were realised by the Provisional Liquidators in the course of their
appointment. They contend that insofar as these assets are insufficient to
satisfy the Provisional Liquidator’s claims, the outstanding would fall to be
distributed as a preferential debt under ss 328(1)(_a_) and 328(3) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”), and thus rank _pari passu_ with
the costs and expenses of the Liquidator (see also [20] below).

A provisional liquidator’s equitable lien

13 Counsel for the Provisional Liquidators, Mr Sim Kwan Kiat (“Mr Sim”),
relied on _Re Pac-Asian Services Pte Ltd_ [1987] SLR(R) 717 (“ _Re Pac-Asian
Services_ ”) as authority for the proposition that a provisional liquidator
enjoys an equitable lien over the assets of a company out of which he is
entitled to be paid his just remuneration and expenses. Chao Hick Tin JC (as
he then was) explained that a provisional liquidator stands in an analogous
position to a court-appointed receiver, and so, like the latter, is entitled
to have his fees, costs and expenses paid out of the assets under his
administration. Like a court-appointed receiver, a provisional liquidator is
an officer of the court subject to the direction of the court and not the
parties. The effect of this is that a provisional liquidator has an indemnity
over the assets of the company in respect of his fees, costs and expenses
properly incurred and so is entitled to an equitable lien over them (see _Re
Pac-Asian Services_ at [16], citing with approval the Australian decision in
_Re Central Commodities Services Pty Ltd_ (1984) 8 ACLR 801 at 803). This puts
the provisional liquidator in a position of priority to the other unsecured
claims against the company’s assets.

14 The Liquidators objected to the Provisional Liquidators being made a
secured creditor by the existence of such an equitable lien. Instead, they
argued that a provisional liquidator’s fees, costs and expenses rank equally
with those claims which fall under s 328(1)(_a_) of the CA. These include the
costs of the application for the winding up order as well as the remuneration
of the liquidator:

**Priorities**

**328.** —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, in a winding up there
shall be paid in priority to all other unsecured debts —

(a)firstly, the costs and expenses of the winding up including the taxed costs
of the applicant for the winding up order payable under section 256, the
remuneration of the liquidator and the costs of any audit carried out pursuant
to section 317;

(b)secondly …

…

15 Mr Sim’s response to this was the Australian case of _Shirlaw v Taylor_
(1991) 5 ACSR 767. There, a provisional liquidator was appointed and later, he
was discharged and a liquidator appointed in his place. The question before
the Federal Court of Australia was whether the provisional liquidator was
entitled to an equitable lien over a trust fund of the company in his hands
amounting to $175,000 for his fees and expenses and whether such lien made him
a secured creditor giving him priority over the other unsecured debts
(including the liquidator’s remuneration and expenses). The liquidator argued
that by reason of s 441(1) of the Companies Act 1981 (Cth) which statutorily
sets out the priority of certain unsecured creditors (the corresponding
provision in Singapore being s 328 of the CA), the provisional liquidator
could not rank ahead of the liquidator. Section 441(1)(a) and (b) provided:

441(1). Subject to the following provisions of this Subdivision, in the
winding up of a company the following debts shall be paid in priority to all
other unsecured debts:

(a) first, the costs, charges and expenses of the winding up, including the
taxed costs of an applicant payable under section 366, _the remuneration of
the liquidator_ and the costs of any audit carried out under section 422;

(b) if the winding up was preceded by the appointment of a provisional
liquidator-second, _the costs, charges and expenses properly and reasonably
incurred by the provisional liquidator during the period of his appointment
and the remuneration of the provisional liquidator_ ;

…

[emphasis added]

The full court rejected the liquidator’s argument. It held that the equitable
lien was one granted under general law, and so was in no way inconsistent with
the statutory scheme. The reference to the provisional liquidator’s fees costs
and expenses in s 441(1)(b) was to be invoked by the provisional liquidator
only if the lien over the assets of the company was insufficient to satisfy
what is owed to him (see _Shirlaw v Taylor_ at 777–778).

16 I agree. The equitable lien which a provisional liquidator is entitled to
stands outside of the statutory scheme of priorities. In the circumstances, I
did not think that it was contrary to s 328 of the CA for the Provisional
Liquidator to be a secured creditor by virtue of his lien over the assets of
the company and therefore in priority to the other unsecured creditors.

17 This position at general law was, in my view, correctly reflected in para 4
of the winding up order made by Tay J on 7 November 2012 (see above at [5]).
Neither the Company nor the Liquidators appealed against the order. In any
event, because the lien arises at general law and exists outside of the
statutory scheme of priorities, even if the winding up order did not expressly
provide for it, its validity would not have been affected upon the winding up
of the Company.

The extent of a provisional liquidator’s lien

18 During the oral arguments before me in chambers on 23 May 2013, counsel for
the Liquidators, Mr Paul Wong (“Mr Wong”), additionally argued that the
equitable lien a provisional liquidator is entitled to does not extend to all
the assets of the company. This submission was further amplified in his
further arguments heard on 18 September 2013.

19 The Liquidators’ case was that the equitable lien extends only insofar as
the assets that were realised by the provisional liquidators in the course of
their appointment. They say that so far as these assets are insufficient to
satisfy the provisional liquidators’ claim, the outstanding would fall to be
distributed as a preferential debt under s 328(1)(_a_) of the CA and thus rank
_pari passu_ with the fees and expenses of the liquidator.

20 The Liquidators’ arguments may be distilled into the following:

(a) the English decision of _Mellor v Mellor and Others_ [1992] 1 WLR 517 (“
_Mellor v Mellor_ ”) must be qualified because in that case winding up did not
follow the termination of the receiver’s appointment (the facts and holdings
in _Mellor v Mellor_ will be discussed below);

(b) the Australian authorities suggest that where winding up follows the
provisional liquidators’ appointment, the extent of the provisional
liquidators’ lien extends only to the assets realised during their appointment
and not more; and

(c) the above is consistent with the principle of “salvage”.

The decision in Mellor v Mellor

21 _Mellor v Mellor_ was relied on by Mr Sim for the proposition that a
“receiver’s right to be indemnified out of the assets of which he is appointed
a receiver extends to _all the assets of which he is so appointed_ and _does
not simply attach to those assets which, in the course of the receivership, he
is able to bring within his grasp_ ” [emphasis added] (_per_ Michael Hart QC,
sitting as a Deputy High Court Judge, at 527D). By analogy, this proposition
would apply to provisional liquidators as well. There are sound policy reasons
for this and they are two-fold as explained by Michael Hart QC (at 527D–E):

A receiver will often be appointed for a very short period. In deciding
whether to accept the appointment in the absence of indemnity from a party, he
is entitled to make a judgment as to whether the assets of which he is
appointed a receiver are sufficient to bear his likely expenses. _To require
him to make a judgment solely as to what assets exist which he will be able to
lay his hands on during the course of what may prove to be only a short-lived
appointment, would not only_** _deter acceptance of the appointment_** _but
would_** _place an undesirable premium on his taking precipitate action on his
appointment to commandeer assets_** _not with a view to their preservation but
with a view to protecting his own position_. [emphasis added]

I agree. I would add that a provisional liquidator by the nature of his
appointment may need to act swiftly and efficiently in the discharge of his
duties, and thus should not be put in a position such as he would be
distracted by concerns as to the recoverability of his reasonable fees, costs
and expenses (see _Weston and Another v Carling Constructions Pty Ltd (in
provisional liquidation) and Another_ (2000) 175 ALR 202 at [21]).

22 Mr Wong argued that the above observations of Michael Hart QC were made in
a case where winding up did not follow the receivership. Mr Wong’s argument
was in essence that the above proposition is correct only insofar as winding
up does not follow the receivership, or in our case, follow the provisional
liquidation. If the receivership or the provisional liquidation is followed by
winding up, Mr Wong says that a different rule applies, and the equitable lien
in such a circumstance is attenuated and extends only to some but not all the
assets of the company.

23 With respect, I do not agree. The observations of Michael Hart QC apply
with equal force even if winding up follows the provisional liquidation.
Whether or not winding up would follow the provisional liquidator’s
appointment is not something the provisional liquidator can foresee at the
time of accepting the appointment, so it cannot be a fact which should change
his position and the extent to which the law protects him as an officer of the
court.

The Australian authorities

24 It is the Liquidators’ submission that the Australian authorities support
the proposition that only assets brought in by the provisional liquidator are
subject to the equitable lien.

25 The first case relied upon by the Liquidators is that of _Ronald John Dean-
Willcocks & Anor v Nothintoohard Pty Limited & Ors_ (2007) 25 ACLC 109 (“
_Ronald John_ ”). _Ronald John_ involved the question of priority between a
receiver’s equitable lien and a secured creditor’s registered mortgage. A
receiver had taken steps towards the sale of a piece of land which was
mortgaged to the secured creditor, but such a sale never materialised. The
secured creditor subsequently exercised its power of sale and successfully
sold the land. The receiver then sought to assert an equitable lien over the
proceeds of sale for the costs and expenses incurred in respect of the
abortive sale, arguing that its lien took priority over the secured creditor’s
mortgage. Amongst other things, Beazley JA had occasion to consider the
circumstances under which an equitable lien would arise, and how this conflict
with the earlier registered mortgage should be resolved. Because the creation
of the equitable lien is said to be on the basis of fairness in ensuring that
the costs of realisation are born by the realised fund before any
distribution, one part of Beazley JA’s judgment (at [58]–[62] generally) makes
clear that as between the equitable lien holder and the registered mortgagee,
only _expenses towards the realisation of the property_ in question, and _not
the general costs of the administration_ , would be charged on the fund. This
was because the administration was not for the benefit of the property out of
which the secured creditor was claiming.

26 Beazley JA in _Ronald John_ (at [109]–[112]) ultimately resolved the matter
on the basis that the steps taken by the receiver in the abortive sale were,
on the evidence before the court, not steps which were of any benefit in
achieving the ultimate sale of the property. There is, contrary to the
Liquidators’ arguments, no principle established in _Ronald John_ that the
equitable lien does not extend to assets not actually realised by the
receiver/provisional liquidator. The issue in _Ronald John_ was only as to
whether the costs and expenses so incurred could be protected by the equitable
lien. It would appear from the judgment of Beazley JA and her ultimate
reasoning (and see also at [81]–[82]) that in the appropriate case, where
efforts were taken by the receiver which can properly be said to have
benefited the ultimate sale, it would not matter that the ultimate sale was
not actually procured by the receiver himself. I elaborate below, with
respect, that the Liquidators have misunderstood the concept of “salvage” in
this case.

27 The next important case relied upon by the Liquidators is the case of
_Wings-Aus Holdings Pty Limited trading as Hooters Restaurants Australia & New
Zealand (in Liquidation)_ [2009] NSWSC 667 (“ _Wings-Aus_ ”). In _Wings-Aus_ ,
an administrator had done certain acts towards the realisation of the
company’s assets and properties. A liquidator was subsequently appointed. The
liquidator sought to have the administrator hand over such monies. The
administrators refused to do so unless and until they were indemnified for
their costs and expenses out of such funds. The Supreme Court of New South
Wales was satisfied that the administrator was protected by an equitable lien,
extending the principle applicable to receivers and provisional liquidators to
administrators, but held that the extent of the costs and expenses which the
lien’s protection covers had to be determined by the court. The case therefore
does not in any way, as the Liquidators seek to assert, stand for the
proposition that the lien is only extended to funds brought in by the
administrator.

28 The sum total of the decisions in _Ronald John_ and _Wings-Aus_ is merely
that the costs and expenses incurred by the receiver or administrator which
are protected by the equitable lien must be such costs and expenses properly
incurred for the benefit of the fund or the creditors claiming on them. They
do not suggest that the extent of the lien is limited to only the assets
realised by them.

29 In the present case, what had happened was that Tay J had, by the winding
up order of 7 November 2012 (see above at [5]), ordered that the provisional
liquidators’ costs and expenses be agreed or taxed. If the issue had proceeded
to taxation, then the court would have had to consider whether or not the fees
and expenses so incurred were properly for the benefit of the company. It is
exactly at this stage that the considerations in _Ronald John_ and _Wings-Aus_
would apply. The parties have since come to an agreement as to the proper
quantum of the Provisional Liquidators’ fees and expenses (see above at
[6]–[7]). This signifies that the parties are in agreement that all that was
undertaken by the provisional liquidators were properly done for the
preservation and protection of the company’s assets. This being so, there does
not appear to be any other reason to then further attenuate the provisional
liquidators’ right to be indemnified by limiting the assets over which the
equitable lien covers.

The principle of “salvage”

30 Much is made in the Liquidators’ submissions about the salvage principle,
upon which they say the equitable lien is founded. Mr Wong sought to convince
me that a proper appreciation of the principle of salvage supported their
argument that the Provisional Liquidators’ lien extends only to some but not
all of the assets of the Company.

31 It is true that reference is made to the principle of salvage in the
Australian cases I have discussed above. However, as I have also explained,
what those cases do is merely to make clear that only the proper fees, costs
and expenses expended towards the final realisation of the assets for the
benefit of the creditors will be protected by the equitable lien. In arguing
that the lien covers only assets _realised_ by the Provisional Liquidators,
the Liquidators appear to have a quite different understanding of the
principle altogether. To begin with, Spigelman CJ in _Ronald John_ makes clear
(at [2]) that the reference to a “principle of salvage” is “more of a metaphor
than a legal principle”. In my view, the understanding of the principle of
salvage taken by the Liquidators is more akin to a concept of “eat what you
kill”. This must be an exaggeration of the principle of salvage. In principle,
if the fees, costs and expenses incurred by the provisional liquidators were
properly for the benefit of the creditors in that they were to preserve and
protect the assets of the company from which they are entitled, equity demands
that they be so indemnified. It should not matter that the provisional
liquidators were not the ones who took the step which precipitated the actual
_realisation_ of the asset, _ie_ , they need not be the ones who, to adopt the
language of the metaphor, did the “killing”.

32 Further, given the principle of salvage should be looked at as more of a
metaphor than a strict legal principle, its application in this context can be
extended as and when it is appropriate or necessary.

33 In _Pattison v Lockwood and Another_ (unreported, Federal Court of
Australia, 30 April 1998), Finn Jrejected in _obiter_ the idea that there is a
pre-requisite of a “fund” for the principle of salvage to apply and for the
equitable lien to come into existence. Finn J thought that it was enough that
“there is property that properly can be subjected to the charge for
remuneration, costs and expenses”. This must be a sensible thing, because in a
receivership or a provisional liquidation, there may not necessarily be a fund
produced – it may be that whoever takes over the company under such an
appointment does not need to realise assets but can merely achieve his or her
object merely by other equally beneficial acts. As Mr Sim pointed out, the
object of a provisional liquidator’s appointment is often simply to preserve
and protect the company’s assets pending the hearing of the winding up
application proper and in such circumstances it would be inconsistent to
expect him to realise assets before he can be indemnified for his fees, costs
and expenses. What is enough, in my view, is that the fees, costs and expenses
incurred by the provisional liquidators were such which, in the final
analysis, enured to the benefit of those entitled to the assets. This was not
disputed in the present case because the quantum of the Provisional
Liquidators’ fees and expenses has already been agreed. All the assets of the
Company can accordingly be charged in equity to secure payment of such fees
and expenses, these assets being the assets over which the Provisional
Liquidators were appointed.

34 By way of their second letter in the chain of correspondence to the court
requesting further arguments to be heard and at the hearing before me on 18
September 2013, Mr Wong further honed his argument. Instead of reiterating his
previously advanced argument that the equitable lien extends only to the
assets _realised_ by the provisional liquidator, he presented a relatively
more palatable proposition: the lien extends only to assets which the
provisional liquidator _had preserved, protected, or enhanced the value of_.
Mr Wong argued that the burden was on the Provisional Liquidators to
demonstrate exactly _which_ assets of the Company it had preserved, protected,
or enhanced the value of. This, he pointed out, they had not done.

35 While superficially attractive, with respect, I find that I also cannot
accept this refined argument.

36 First, there is the problem of workability. In response to my query as to
what constituted having done enough under his suggested test, Mr Wong said
that so long as the provisional liquidators had looked at a particular asset
and considered what to do with it and how to manage it, he was ready to accept
that it would fall to be covered by the equitable lien. In other words, he
accepted that any minimum effort expended in relation to a particular asset
had the effect of causing it to fall within the extent of the equitable lien.
However, he said, the Provisional Liquidators had to show which assets were of
such a nature. To my mind, a company such as the present demonstrates starkly
the difficulty of this proposition. Mr Wong confirmed that the assets of the
Company, which was in the business of scaffolding and formwork, were, in his
words, “in many bits and pieces”. One cannot expect the provisional liquidator
to have to bear the burden of showing the status of each particular asset and
what he had done (or considered and not done, or, not done at all) in relation
to it before he is entitled to be indemnified from it. Were the Provisional
Liquidators in the present case expected to show, among other things, exactly
which of the many “bits and pieces” of scaffolding and formwork satisfied this
test? I do not think so.

37 Secondly, in the order of court appointing the Provisional Liquidators on
17 October 2012, it was expressly provided that they were to:

take into custody or under their control and collect, get in and receive
(wherever and from whoever has them) _all_ assets, properties, things in
action, effects of business, monies, stock-in trade, securities, deeds, books,
documents and papers in the name of the [Company] (solely or otherwise) and to
which the [Company] appears to be entitled. [emphasis added]

This was consistent with s 269(1) of the CA which provides:

**269.** —(1) Where a winding up order has been made or a provisional
liquidator has been appointed, the liquidator or provisional liquidator shall
take into his custody or under his control _all the property and things in
action_ to which the company is or appears to be entitled. [emphasis added]

It was therefore in respect of _all_ the assets of the company that the
Provisional Liquidators undertook their work. I do not think the law further
requires a provisional liquidator to enumerate the precise and particular
assets he had worked on.

38 In further support of his submission that the assets of the company should
be divided up as he suggests, Mr Wong referred to _Shirlaw v Taylor_ ([15]
_supra_). As I have noted, in _Shirlaw v Taylor_ , the court dealt with the
fact that s 441(1) of the Companies Act 1981 lists claims of the provisional
liquidator lower in the scheme of priority than those of the liquidator by
holding that the provisional liquidator would resort to claiming under s
441(1) only where the lien was insufficient to satisfy his claims and it was
only such claims which ranked behind those of the liquidator under the
statutory scheme (see above at [15]). The court in holding so said (at 778):

… [T]o the extent to which the available assets subjected to the lien are
insufficient to satisfy it, the unsecured balance still due and owing to the
provisional liquidator may be recouped out of _the further assets brought into
the winding up_. [emphasis added]

Mr Wong submitted that the court in _Shirlaw v Taylor_ contemplated there is a
distinct difference between the assets a provisional liquidators’ equitable
lien covered and the assets “brought into the winding up” _by the liquidator_
, thus supporting his view that the assets covered by the provisional
liquidators’ lien are attenuated in the way he suggests. In the light of the
considerations articulated in the preceding paragraphs, I agree with Mr Sim’s
response. Mr Sim submitted that there are two pools of assets from which the
provisional liquidator can claim. First, he is entitled to a lien over all the
assets of the company and such lien is superior to and stands outside of the
statutory scheme of priorities. When the court in _Shirlaw v Taylor_ envisaged
the provisional liquidator having to claim under the statutory scheme, the
assets against which he would be claiming (and which would in the event be all
that is left) would be assets which can only be _brought into the winding up_
by the liquidator when the winding up order has been made. These would include
assets brought into the liquidation in the winding up by the unwinding of
voidable transactions. The unwinding of voidable transactions (undervalue
transactions, unfair preferences, floating charges for past value, _etc_) can
only be done upon the making of the winding up order and only by the
liquidators, not by the provisional liquidator during his appointment.

39 How a provisional liquidator’s fees, costs and expenses rank within s 328
of the CA when the equitable lien is insufficient to provide full recompense
is not entirely clear given the provision is not express about it. The
Liquidators appear to suggest that any such claim would rank _pari pasu_ with
the claims in s 328(1)(_a_), which would include the claims of the liquidator.
This is not however something which falls to me to decide in the present case.
As Mr Wong intimated, there are sufficient funds in the present case to pay
the Provisional Liquidators’ fees and expenses.

Conclusion

40 For the above reasons, I confirm my earlier order that the Provisional
Liquidators are entitled to an equitable lien over all the assets of the
company out of which they are entitled to be paid their fees and expenses. I
accordingly confirm my earlier order of 23 May 2013 that these sums be so paid
together with costs that were awarded to the Provisional Liquidators fixed at
$7,500, all in.

41 Despite the extensiveness of the written submissions in the letters to the
court requesting for further arguments to be heard and the earnestness of Mr
Wong in his oral submissions of the same in chambers before me, I am not
persuaded that my order was wrong or needed to be varied. I would like to
record my gratitude to both counsel for their cogent arguments which I found
of great assistance.

42 The costs of the further arguments are awarded to the Provisional
Liquidators and fixed at $3,500 all in.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

