Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wee Chiaw Sek Anna _v_ Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate
of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another  
[2013] SGCA 36

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 140 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 June 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hri Kumar Nair SC and Tan Sze Mei Angeline (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the appellant; Deborah Barker SC and Ushan Premaratne (KhattarWong
LLP) for the first respondent Edwin Tong, Tham Hsu Hsien, Nakul Dewan and Peh
Aik Hin (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the second respondent.  
Parties| :|  Wee Chiaw Sek Anna — Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the
estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 197.]

28 June 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the trial judge’s (“the Judge”) decision in _Wee
Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock
Seng, deceased) and another_ [2012] SGHC 197 (“the Judgment”).

2 The threshold issue is whether the Appellant’s ex-husband, Mr Ng Hock Seng
(“the Deceased”), who died in 2004, had fraudulently misrepresented to the
Appellant that he had little or no assets, thus inducing her to forgo division
of matrimonial assets at ancillary proceedings. Prior to his death, the
Deceased had transferred the monies in his estate into four trusts, two of
which are held by the Second Respondent as trustee for the benefit of the
Appellant’s two children by the Deceased and the Appellant’s stepdaughter, who
is also the First Respondent and executrix of the estate of the Deceased (“the
Estate”). If the Appellant succeeds on the threshold issue, the fruits of her
claim lie, potentially, in these four trusts. She ultimately made a claim
against two of these trusts, arguing that she would have received the monies
which had been transferred into those trusts had she asked for a division of
the matrimonial assets.

The facts

Parties to the dispute

3 The Appellant and the Deceased were married on 19 December 1988 and
separated sometime in August 1998. The parties signed a deed of separation
(“the Separation Agreement”) on 7 December 1998 and the decree _nisi_ was
granted on 27 April 1999.

4 The First Respondent, Ms Ng Li-Ann Genevieve, is the sole executrix of the
Estate and the Deceased’s first daughter from a previous marriage.

5 The Second Respondent, BNP Paribas Jersey Trust Corporation Limited, is the
trustee of two British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) trusts with the Deceased as
settlor. The first trust was established on 23 April 1999 (“the 1999 trust”)
with Banque Paribas International Trustee Limited (“BPITL”). On 12 September
2003, the Second Respondent took over BPITL’s duties as trustees of the 1999
trust. The second trust was established on 14 June 2004 (referred to by
parties as “the 2002 trust”).

6 There are two children of the marriage, Joshua Ng (“Joshua”) and Azura Ng
(“Azura”), who are beneficiaries of the 1999 trust. The Appellant, however, is
listed as an “excluded person” in the 1999 and 2002 trusts. Under BVI law,
this precludes the Appellant from being a beneficiary of the 1999 and 2002
trusts.

Background to the dispute

7 The Deceased and the Appellant were in Singapore at the commencement of
their marriage. After the Deceased’s business failed, they moved to Kuching to
be closer to the Appellant’s family. The Appellant was the main breadwinner of
the family and paid for the Deceased’s living and medical expenses. The
Appellant claimed that the Deceased had many failed businesses.

8 In 1998, the Deceased entered into two agreements with Meissner & Wurst Sdn
Bhd (“M&W”) for his appointment as the Strategic Business Advisor for M&W’s
first Silicon Wafer Fabrication Project (“the Project”). The agreements were
as follows:

(a) The first agreement, made on 24 April 1998 (“the First M&W Agreement”),
provided that the Deceased advise M&W on the business, financial and political
conditions in Sarawak, assist in getting preferential prices and terms for the
Project and ultimately assure that the Project was awarded to M&W. 60% of the
US$25,000,000 consideration was to be paid upon successful procurement of the
Project, and the remaining 40% would be paid for the Deceased’s services as
Strategic Business Advisor independent of the procurement of the Project (10%
payable within 7 days of signing the First M&W Agreement and 30% payable by 28
October 1998). The Project was successfully procured and formalised on 30
March 1999, after the Deceased and the Appellant had signed the Separation
Agreement. The last tranche of payment under the First M&W Agreement was paid
on 4 November 1999.

(b) The second agreement, made on 1 July 1998 (“the Second M&W Agreement”),
reiterated the Deceased’s responsibilities in the First M&W agreement, save
that he was now responsible for supporting the “execution of the project”
rather than assuring the “successful signing of the contract for the project”.
The Deceased’s remuneration was RM900,000 to be paid in monthly instalments of
RM50,000.

9 Thereafter, the relationship between the Deceased and the Appellant further
soured. Things came to a head in August 1998, and the Deceased moved out of
the matrimonial home. The Deceased continued to visit the matrimonial home
from August to November 1998. During this time, the Deceased set up Armanee
Assets Limited (“Armanee”) on 28 October 1998, a BVI company intended as a
vehicle for use and investments of the monies received under both M&W
agreements (“the monies”). On 22 October 1998, the Appellant signed a divorce
petition (“the Divorce Petition”) but did not file it until after the parties
had formally separated in December 1998.

10 On 7 December 1998, the parties entered into the Separation Agreement “for
better regulation of the relationship of the parties during the interim period
pending the outcome of the hearing of the Divorce Petition”. The Separation
Agreement dealt with care and control as well as support and maintenance of
Joshua and Azura, the separation of living arrangements between the Appellant
and the Deceased, part payment of RM100,000 in debt owing from the Deceased to
the Appellant, and transfer of full beneficial ownership in the matrimonial
home to the Appellant. The Separation Agreement also specified that the
Appellant was to support and maintain herself. A supplementary memorandum
signed on the same day contained an undertaking by the Deceased to settle in
full additional debts amounting to RM850,000 and S$30,000 owed to the
Appellant and her family members.

11 The following day, the Appellant and the Deceased drew up an agreed
parenting plan (providing for monthly maintenance by the Deceased of RM3,750
per child) and a notice of consent to the divorce proceedings. The year of
separation on the notice of consent was falsely stated as 1995. The Divorce
Petition was modified to include this consent and filed on 22 December 1998.

12 The Deceased received his first payment of the monies on 28 January 1999.
On 10 March 1999, the Deceased set up a second company, Prominent Market
Investments Limited (“Prominent”), to hold the monies.

13 On 23 April 1999, the Deceased set up the 1999 trust with $1,000. This was
later endowed with all funds and assets under Prominent and Armanee. The
beneficiaries of the 1999 trust are Joshua, Azura and the First Respondent
(should Joshua and Azura pre-decease her). By this time, the Project had been
successfully procured (see [8(a)] above), and the balance of US$15,000,000
owing under the First M&W Agreement had become due to the Deceased.

14 The decree _nisi_ was granted on 27 April 1999. The Appellant’s and the
Deceased’s lawyers entered into protracted correspondence with regard to
ancillaries and outstanding issues before the divorce was to be made absolute.
This correspondence related to, _inter alia_ , the settlement of outstanding
amounts which the Deceased had spent on the Appellant’s supplementary credit
card, proof of the Deceased’s financial status and income, and the provisions
which the Deceased planned to make to take care of Joshua and Azura. The
Appellant claimed that this correspondence contained active representations in
respect of the financial state of the Deceased. There was no mention of
division of matrimonial assets in this correspondence.

15 On 28 June 1999, the Deceased bought another BVI company, South Sea
International Limited (“South Sea”), to hold his _personal_ investments. At
the time, the Deceased made efforts to keep the South Sea accounts separate
from Armanee’s and Prominent’s accounts, which assets were for the benefit of
the 1999 trust. The assets in the South Sea account were eventually put into
the 2002 trust on 14 June 2004, almost four years after the divorce had been
made absolute. The beneficiaries of the 2002 trust were the First Respondent
and the trustees of the 1999 trust. By that time, there was US$4,349,999 in
the South Sea account.

16 As part of ancillary proceedings, the Appellant filed her affidavit of
assets and means on 3 December 1999. The Deceased filed his affidavit of
assets and means on 13 January 2000 (“the Affidavit”). The Affidavit stated
that the Deceased’s income came from family, friends and well-wishers.

17 The Appellant and the Deceased subsequently reached an agreement on the
outstanding ancillary matters, in particular for care and control as well as
support and maintenance of Joshua and Azura. The Appellant also agreed to
forgo any claim to a division of matrimonial assets. This agreement was
recorded in a consent order dated 28 February 2000. Under the consent order,
the Deceased and the Appellant had joint custody of Joshua and Azura. The
Deceased was to pay RM3,750 in monthly maintenance for Joshua and Azura, and
provide for their medical insurance and all educational needs up until
tertiary level. The Appellant subsequently claimed that she had only agreed to
forgo division because she believed that the Deceased had little or no assets
to divide. She also claimed that, had she known of the existence of the
monies, she would have asked for division and been awarded a portion of the
monies. This is the basis for her claim in fraudulent misrepresentation.

18 Not long after, on 26 April 2000, the Deceased transferred US$2,000,000
from the Armanee account into another trust managed by Merrill Lynch Bank and
Trust Company (Cayman) Limited (“Merrill Lynch”). This was in addition to
US$1,000,000 which had already been transferred to a second trust managed by
Merrill Lynch on 2 February 2000, before the consent order was made. The
Appellant has not made a claim against either of the Merrill Lynch trusts.

19 On 6 October 2000, the decree _nisi_ was made final. However, given that
the Appellant and the Deceased shared joint custody of Joshua and Azura, the
Appellant remained in contact with the Deceased. The Appellant highlighted
five conversations she had with the Deceased in an email dated 25 June 2005
which she wrote to the trustees after the Deceased’s death to ascertain the
status of the 1999 trust:

(a) Two meetings at Kuching Hilton in December 2003;

(b) One meeting at the Deceased’s mother’s funeral in February 2004; and

(c) Two tele-conversations in April and early May 2004.

20 In these conversations, the Appellant claimed that the Deceased had
discussed the appointment of a Protector with her to ensure that Joshua’s and
Azura’s needs would be taken care of. The Appellant testified that she
received repeated assurances from the Deceased that the children would have no
concerns with money matters for the rest of their lives.

21 On 15 June 2004, the Deceased died of tongue cancer. The Appellant was
notified of the trusts in existence and proceeded to make enquiries about
these trusts on behalf of Joshua and Azura. She also filed a suit against the
First Respondent as executrix of the Estate to recover a debt of RM500,000
owed to her by the Deceased. This suit was settled on 6 February 2006 for
RM350,000. On 9 September 2005, the Appellant asked for the audited accounts
of the 1999 trust, Armanee and Prominent from the time of their formations.
The Second Respondent complied and supplied these accounts on 7 November 2005.
These accounts dated from 28 October 1998 (Armanee), 10 March 1999 (Prominent)
and 23 April 1999 (the 1999 trust). It should be noted that all three of these
dates preceded the grant of the decree _nisi_.

22 Four years later, on 26 November 2009, the Appellant filed Suit No 1002 of
2009 against the First and Second Respondents. She claimed in fraudulent
misrepresentation against the First Respondent in her capacity as executrix of
the Estate, and claimed in both restitution and unjust enrichment against the
Second Respondent in their capacity as trustees of the 1999 and 2002 trusts.
The remedy sought for both claims was a remedial constructive trust (“RCT”)
over the funds in the 1999 and 2002 trusts which would have been awarded to
her as damages for the Deceased’s fraud. In oral submissions for the present
appeal, the Appellant abandoned her claim in restitution (see below at [28]).

The Judge’s findings and decision

23 The Judge dismissed both the Appellant’s claims.

24 Addressing the claim in fraudulent misrepresentation, the Judge found that
there were no express representations or active attempts to conceal assets
during the Deceased’s lifetime. Rather, it was the Appellant’s own perception
and conclusion that the Deceased was a man of straw. Accordingly, even if
there had been a representation, the Judge found that the Appellant had not
relied on it. She further found that the monies were not matrimonial assets
and thus any reliance on the alleged misrepresentation would not have caused
the Appellant any loss.

25 Turning to the issue of unjust enrichment, the Judge found that there could
not be a proprietary remedy over the 1999 and 2002 trusts as the funds had
been comingled over the past 12 years and their sources could not now be
ascertained. There were accordingly no identifiable funds over which an RCT
could be imposed. The Judge further found that she had no power to determine
what the Appellant would have received on division given the passage of time
since the divorce and the remedy which the Appellant sought was thus elusive.
The Judge also found that an RCT was a remedy and not a claim in restitution.
She thus also disallowed the Appellant’s claim in restitution.

The issues on appeal

26 As stated at [2] above, the threshold issue is whether the Deceased had
made a fraudulent misrepresentation to the Appellant that he was impecunious
or had little or no assets, intending that the Appellant would act on that
representation to agree to forgo division of matrimonial assets (“Issue 1”).

27 If the Appellant succeeds in proving this threshold question, the following
issues arise:

(a) Did the Appellant rely on the Deceased’s misrepresentation and suffer loss
as a result? This relates to the rest of the claim against the First
Respondent in fraudulent misrepresentation (pursuant to Issue 1).

(b) Was there unjust enrichment of the Second Respondent (“Issue 2”)?

(c) Can an RCT be imposed for unjust enrichment (“Issue 3”)?

(d) Does the defence of laches apply (“Issue 4”)?

28 We note that, although the Appellant had begun with an additional claim
that an RCT should be imposed in any event, counsel for the Appellant, Mr Hri
Kumar Nair SC (“Mr Kumar”), conceded (correctly, in our view) during the
appeal hearing that an RCT could not be imposed without a finding of unjust
enrichment.

Issue 1

The applicable principles

29 The applicable principles relating to fraudulent misrepresentation are
well-established.

30 It is, in our view, of the first importance to emphasise right at the
outset the _relatively high standard of proof_ which must be satisfied by the
representee (here, the Appellant) before a fraudulent misrepresentation can be
established successfully against the representor (here, the Deceased). As V K
Rajah JA put it in the Singapore High Court decision of _Vita Health
Laboratories Pte Ltd v Pang Seng Meng_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 162 (at [30]), the
allegation of fraud is a serious one and that “[g]enerally speaking, the
graver the allegation, the higher the standard of proof incumbent on the
claimant”. If an allegation of fraud is successfully made, the representor
would be justifiably found to have been guilty of _dishonesty_. Dishonesty is
a grave allegation requiring a high standard of proof. In a similar vein, this
court in _Tang Yoke Kheng (trading as Niklex Supply Co) v Lek Benedict_ [2005]
3 SLR(R) 263 observed thus (at [14]):

[W]e would reiterate that the standard of proof in a civil case, including
cases where fraud is alleged, is that based on a balance of probabilities;
_but the more serious the allegation, the more the party, on whose shoulders
the burden of proof falls, may have to do if he hopes to establish his case_.
[emphasis added]

31 This high standard of proof is also consistent with the fact that an award
of damages for fraudulent misrepresentation covers a _wide_ ambit – including
all loss which flowed directly as a result of the entry by the representee
into the transaction in question, _regardless of whether or not such loss was
foreseeable, and which would include all consequential loss as well_ (see, for
example, the decision of this court in _Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 909 (“ _Wishing Star_ ”) at [21]–[27]). The leading English
decision in this regard (which was followed in _Wishing Star_) is that of the
House of Lords in _Smith New Court Securities Ltd v Citibank NA_ [1997] AC 254
(“ _Smith New Court_ ”). In _Smith New Court_ , Lord Steyn pertinently
observed that a _stricter_ approach towards the fraudster which disregards the
usual limiting factors is adopted in the context of fraudulent
misrepresentation because “[f]irst it serves a deterrent purpose in
discouraging fraud” (at 279) and “[s]econdly, as between the fraudster and the
innocent party, moral considerations militate in favour of requiring the
fraudster to bear the risk of misfortunes directly caused by his fraud” (at
280).

32 The oft-cited statement of principle in so far as the elements of
fraudulent misrepresentation are concerned is that of Lord Herschell in the
leading House of Lords decision of _Derry v Peek_ (1889) 14 App Cas 337, as
follows (at 374):

I think the authorities establish the following propositions: First, in order
to sustain an action of deceit, there must be proof of fraud, and nothing
short of that will suffice. Secondly, fraud is proved when it is shewn that a
false representation has been made (_1) knowingly, or (2) without belief in
its truth, or (3) recklessly, careless whether it be true or false_. Although
I have treated the second and third as distinct cases, I think the third is
but an instance of the second, for one who makes a statement under such
circumstances can have no real belief in the truth of what he states. _To
prevent_ a false statement being fraudulent, there must, I think, always be
_an honest belief in its truth_. And this probably covers the whole ground,
for one who knowingly alleges that which is false, has obviously no such
honest belief. Thirdly, if fraud be proved, the motive of the person guilty of
it is immaterial. It matters not that there was no intention to cheat or
injure the person to whom the statement was made. [emphasis added]

33 Lord Herschell’s statement of principle is now an established part of the
Singapore legal landscape relating to fraudulent misrepresentation (see, for
example, the decision of this court in _Wishing Star_ (at [16]–[17], as well
as the authorities cited therein)).

34 However, the concept of _recklessness_ must _not_ be equated with
negligence or carelessness. As Bowen LJ aptly observed in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Angus v Clifford_ [1891] 2 Ch 449 (“ _Angus_ ”) (at 471):

It seems to me that a second cause from which a fallacious view arises is from
the use of the word “recklessness”. ... Not caring ... did not mean not taking
care, it meant _indifference to the truth, the moral obliquity which consists
in a wilful disregard of the importance of truth_ , and unless you keep it
clear that that is the true meaning of the term, you are constantly in danger
of confusing the evidence from which the inference of dishonesty in the mind
may be drawn – evidence which consists in a great many cases of gross want of
caution – with the inference of fraud, or of dishonesty itself, which has to
be drawn after you have weighed all the evidence. [emphasis added]

35 This approach has been adopted locally in the Singapore High Court decision
of _Raiffeisen Zentralbank Osterreich AG v Archer Daniels Midland Co_ [2007] 1
SLR(R) 196 (“ _Raiffeisen Zentralbank_ ”), where the learned judge opined (at
[40] and [43]) as follows:

40 **_Dishonesty is the touchstone_** _which distinguishes fraudulent
misrepresentation from other forms of misrepresentation_. This _turns on the
intention and belief of the representor_. A party complaining of having been
misled by a representation to his injury has no remedy in damages under the
general law unless the representation was not only false, but fraudulent. See
Spencer Bower, Turner & Handley, _Actionable Misrepresentation_ (Butterworths,
4th Ed, 2000) (“Spencer Bower”) at para 98.

…

43 Thus, **_negligence, however gross, is not fraud_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

36 An important point which will be of significance in the context of the
present appeal is this: in assessing whether an alleged representation was in
fact made, “[t]he particular words used _must_ of course be read in _their_**
_context_** ” (_per_ Waller LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Jaffray v Society of Lloyd’s_ [2002] EWCA Civ 1101 (“ _Jaffray_ ”) at [52]
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]; reference may also be made to
the English High Court decision of _FoodCo UK LLP v Henry Boot Developments
Limited_ [2010] EWHC 358 (Ch) at [197]). Indeed, Waller LJ proceeded (in
_Jaffray_) to observe as follows (at [52]):

In particular, it is _necessary_ to have regard to the _purpose_ for which the
document came into existence, why the statements contained in it were made and
by whom they were intended to be read. [emphasis added]

37 Another important point – which is also of no small relevance to the
analysis of the facts of the present appeal – relates to _the representor’s_
(here, the Deceased’s) _perspective_. Put simply, it is _the representor’s own
(subjective) belief_ that is crucial. Such subjective belief must be
ascertained by the court based on the _objective evidence_ available, but the
court _cannot substitute its own view as to what it thinks the representor’s
belief was_. This is not merely a semantical difference. As just noted, _the
concept of objectivity_ is to be applied to _the evidence_ demonstrating what
_the representor’s subjective_ belief was _and not_ to what _the court thought
a reasonable person would think_ the _representor’s belief_ was. Hence, even
if a reasonable person would think that the belief the representor claimed to
have had at the time he or she made the statement in question was
unreasonable, that would _not_ thereby render that particular statement
fraudulent _if the representor honestly believed in what he or she was
representing_. As Bowen LJ put it in _Angus_ (at 471):

So far from saying that you cannot look into a man’s mind, _you must look into
it, if you are going to find fraud against him; and unless you think you see
what must have been in his mind, you cannot find him guilty of fraud._
[emphasis added]

38 The learned Lord Justice also observed as follows (see _Angus_ at 472):

A man ought to have a belief that what he is saying is true; but a man may
believe what he is saying – the expression which he uses – to be true,
_because he is_** _honestly_** _using the words_** _in a sense of his own_**
_, which_ , **_however inappropriate, however stupid, however grossly
careless_** , if you will, is **_the special sense_** _in which_** _he means
to use_** _the words_ , **_without any consciousness being present to his mind
that they would convey to other reasonable persons a different sense from that
in which he is using them_** – _a man may_** _believe_** _a statement_** _in
that sense of his own_** , **_and yet the use of the language may be wholly
improper_** _, that is to say, in respect of want of caution in the use of
it._**_It does not follow because_** _a man uses language_** _that he is
conscious of the way in which it will be understood by those who read it_** _.
Unless he is conscious that it will be understood in a different manner from
that in which he is honestly though blunderingly using it, he is not
fraudulent, he is not dishonest._**_An honest blunder in the use of language
is not dishonest. What is honest is not dishonest._** [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

39 In a similar vein, in the Privy Council decision of _Baron Uno Carl Samuel
Akerhielm v Rolf De Mare_ [1959] AC 789, Lord Jenkins, delivering the judgment
of the Board, observed (at 805) as follows:

On the assumption that contrary to their Lordships’ opinion the Court of
Appeal were justified in substituting their own conclusion for that of the
judge on the question of honest belief, the conclusion so substituted appears
to their Lordships to be open to the criticism that the Court of Appeal
construed the language of representation as they thought it should be
construed according to the ordinary meaning of the words used, and having done
so went on to hold that on the facts known to the defendants it was impossible
that either of them could ever have believed the representation, as so
construed, to be true. **_Their Lordships regard this as a wrong method of
approach. The question is not whether the defendant in any given case honestly
believed the representation to be true in the sense assigned to it by the
court on an objective consideration of its truth or falsity, but whether he
honestly believed the representation to be true in the sense in which he
understood it albeit erroneously when it was made._**_This general proposition
is no doubt subject to limitations. For instance, the meaning placed by the
defendant on the representation made may be so far removed from the sense in
which it would be understood by any reasonable person as to make it impossible
to hold that the defendant honestly understood the representation to bear the
meaning claimed by him and honestly believed it in that sense to be true._ But
that is not this case. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

40 Reference may also be made – in the local context – to the decision of
_Raiffeisen Zentralbank_ which adopts an identical approach (at [41]–[43]):

41 In deciding whether the representation was fraudulent, the question is
_not_ whether the representor honestly believed it to be true _in the sense
assigned to it by the court, or on an objective consideration of its truth and
falsity, but_** _whether he honestly believed it to be true in the sense in
which he understood it when it was made_****.** See Spencer Bower at para 101.

42 Belief, not knowledge, is the test. Good faith need not be rational, it may
indeed be opposed to reason and good sense, but it must be good faith, ie,
**_it must be sincere_**. See Spencer Bower at para 107.

43 … **_Irrational or ill-founded belief is… not fraud_**. _The plaintiff has
to show that the belief was_** _so incredible or unreasonable as to infer an
absence of honest belief_**. See Spencer Bower at paras 109-110.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

41 Where the meaning of the statement is ambiguous, the question is what the
representor subjectively intended the statement to mean. In the High Court of
Australia decision of _John McGrath Motors (Canberra) Pty limited v Applebee_
(1964) 110 CLR 656 (“ _John McGrath Motors_ ”), the court had to determine
what the representor car salesman meant by the word “new” in his description
of a motor car. The representee purchaser had taken “new” to mean “not second-
hand”. Both parties accepted from the outset that the word “new” was
susceptible of more than one interpretation and there was no evidence that the
description by the salesman was to his knowledge false or made with reckless
indifference as to its truth or falsity. The judge in the Supreme Court of the
Australian Capital Territory disbelieved the representor salesman’s testimony
that he had not known the history of the car and thus did not know that the
car was in fact, a second-hand one. On appeal, the High Court of Australia
resolved the ambiguity of the word “new” in favour of the representor. In
arriving at this conclusion, the court reasoned (at 659) as follows:

What had to be determined on this aspect of the case was the meaning with
which Aurousseau [the salesman] used the words and, in the light of that
meaning, whether his statement was, to his knowledge, false or made with
reckless indifference as to its truth or falsity. _He may well have used them
to mean “not second-hand”._**_The evidence suggests that he did and there is
no evidence that he did not_** _._**_In these circumstances_** _a finding that
he was fraudulent cannot be supported_. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

42 We also note that there has been some discussion as to whether or not proof
of reliance is necessary in the context of fraudulent misrepresentation. This
particular issue has been dealt with admirably by Assoc Prof Pearlie Koh
(“Prof Koh”) in her excellent and comprehensive chapter entitled
“Misrepresentation and Non-disclosure” in ch 11 of _The Law of Contract in
Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“ _Koh_ ”) at paras 11.067–11.071, and
we therefore do not propose to rehearse the analysis contained therein.
Suffice it to state that the learned author, after surveying all the relevant
decisions from the various jurisdictions, concludes thus (see _Koh_ at para
11.071):

[T]he courts are undoubtedly indicating the _preferred_ approach _vis-à-vis_
fraud, which is that in the case of fraudulent misrepresentation, a
_presumption_ of inducement applies, unless rebutted by the representor.
[emphasis in original]

43 It is clear, in our view, that the element of reliance cannot (as a matter
of both logic as well as commonsense) be dispensed with, even in the context
of fraudulent misrepresentation (see also the decision of this court in _Ang
Sin Hock v Khoo Eng Lim_ [2010] 3 SLR 179 at [43]–[44]; the recent English
Court of Appeal decision of _EC03 Capital Limited v Ludsin Overseas Limited_
[2013] EWCA Civ 413 at [77]; as well as Prof John Cartwright’s specialist
text, _Misrepresentation, Mistake and Non-Disclosure_ (3rd Ed, Sweet &
Maxwell, 2012) (“ _Cartwright_ ”) at pp 206–209). Reliance is the logical end
of inducement, but viewed from a different vantage point. The question of
inducement is approached from the perspective of the representor (here, the
Deceased). The question of reliance is approached from the perspective of the
representee (here, the Appellant); in particular, reliance looks at the
actions of the representee arising from a state of mind or will engendered by
the representation concerned. The _Oxford English Dictionary_ (2nd Ed,
Clarendon Press, 1989) defines inducement in the following way:

**1.** _trans._ To lead (a person), **_by persuasion or some influence_** or
motive that **_acts upon the will_** , _to_ some action, condition, belief,
etc.; to **_lead on_** , **_move, influence, prevail upon_** (any one) to
**_do_** something. [emphasis in italics original, emphasis added in bold
italics]

44 Put simply, there can be no inducement _stricto sensu_ if the statement
intended to induce does not act upon the will of the representee (here, the
Appellant) such that it influences or leads the representee to change her
behaviour _in reliance on the misrepresentation_.

45 Although we note Prof Koh’s proposition set out at [42], it may well be the
case that if what is suggested is the raising of a legal presumption, that
might go a little too far although it could, at the very least, be stated that
“it is _a fair inference of fact_ (although not an inference of law) that [the
representee] was influenced by the statement, and the inference is
particularly strong where the misrepresentation was fraudulent” (see _Chitty
on Contracts_ vol 1 (31st Ed, Sweet & Maxwell, 2012) (“ _Chitty_ ”) at para
6-039 [emphasis added]). Indeed, it is significant that Prof Koh cites the
observation by Lord Blackburn in the House of Lords decision of _William Smith
v David Chadwick_ (1884) 9 App Cas 187 (at 195–196) immediately after the
passage from her proposition (set out above at [42]), which observation
utilises the phrase “ _a fair inference of fact_ ”. As a matter of practical
application, we would emphasise that much, in the final analysis, would depend
– as is the case with the doctrine of fraudulent misrepresentation generally –
on the precise facts before the court (see also _Chitty_ at para 6-039).

46 On a related note, Prof Koh also observes as follows (see _Koh_ at para
11.079):

It must also be established by the representee that the representor _intended_
to induce the representee, or the class to which the representee belongs, to
act on the representation. In the absence of such an intention, it would
appear that the representor will not be liable whether in damages or for
rescission, at least not for fraud, even if the representee did act on the
representation. [emphasis in original]

47 The proposition just stated is logical as well as commonsensical. Where, on
the facts, it is demonstrated that the representor had _not intended_ to
induce the representee to act on the representation, there can be no fraud.
This is merely an application of the well-established principle that fraud
cannot be established without dishonesty; what matters is the representor’s
(here, the Deceased’s) subjective state of mind which is, for fraud to be made
out, directed towards manipulating the actions of the representee (here, the
Appellant). The “onerous evidential burden of proving the necessary intention”
lies with the representee (see the English High Court decision of _Goose v
Wilson Sandford & Co_ [2001] 1 PN 189 (“ _Goose_ ”) at [52]). Motive, or the
lack thereof, may be relevant in assessing what the representor’s subjective
state of mind was (see _Goose_ at [52]). In other words, if the representor
had no interest in the representee changing his or her position in reliance on
the representation, then it may be inferred that the representor did not
intend to induce the representee to rely on his misrepresentation. Once again,
this is (as we shall see below) a proposition which will figure in the
analysis of the facts of the present appeal.

48 In so far as the _representee’s_ (here, the Appellant’s) perspective is
concerned and commenting on the issue of _ambiguity_ , Prof Koh observes as
follows (see _Koh_ at para 11.015):

Sometimes, a particular utterance is capable of being interpreted in _more
than one sense_. In such cases, it is for the plaintiff to plead the
particular meaning he is relying on. **_He must show that he understood the
utterance in the particular sense pleaded, and that the utterance was false in
that sense._** [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

49 It is important, in our view, to note that it is _not_ sufficient for the
representee (here, the Appellant) to _merely assert – without more –_ that she
understood the words utilised by the representor (here, the Deceased) _in a
particular way_. Whether or not she _did, in fact_ , so understand those words
in _that_ particular way would depend, in the final analysis, very much upon
all _the evidence_ available _(including, where applicable, the testimony by
the representee herself)_.

50 Let us now turn to apply the various principles to the facts of the present
appeal.

Our decision

Introduction

51 This case – as is the situation with regard to virtually all cases of
alleged misrepresentation – turns entirely on the facts (as analysed in their
_context_ (see above at [36])). Whether the Deceased had made a fraudulent
misrepresentation depends not only on whether a false representation was made,
but also (as noted above at [37]–[47]) on the Deceased’s _subjective_ state of
mind, _viz_ , whether he knew the statement was untrue and whether he intended
the Appellant to act in reliance on that statement (based, of course, on the
objective evidence available). Whether the entire claim of fraudulent
misrepresentation is made out depends, additionally (as also noted above at
[44] and [48]–[49]), on the _Appellant’s_ own subjective state of mind, _viz_
, how she understood the alleged misrepresentation and whether she was acting
in reliance on it or whether she had (instead) already closed her mind to the
possibility that the Deceased might have assets significant enough for her to
want to ask for a division of matrimonial assets.

52 Quite clearly, the Deceased’s testimony would have been essential to the
Judge’s finding had he been available to be cross-examined, as only the
Deceased could have testified first-hand as to his state of mind at the
material time. The only evidence, however, which we now have of the Deceased’s
state of mind lies in the documents which he had written as well as the
Appellant’s testimony as to what had been communicated to her. Where the
documents and statements made are ambiguous or susceptible of more than one
interpretation, it is the Appellant’s testimony as to what had been said to
her and the Deceased’s behaviour at the material time which would provide the
necessary context as well as shed light on how these statements ought to be
interpreted.

53 It is equally clear to us that the Appellant’s testimony is – in the nature
of things – also crucial in this case (see above at [49]). The Appellant is
the only one who can tell us how she had understood the alleged statements the
Deceased had made in his correspondence with her and in the Affidavit, why she
understood them that way, and whether she was acting in reliance on them when
she opted not to go for division. Such crucial evidence as to her subjective
state of mind cannot be divined or surmised from the documentary evidence
alone.

54 Indeed, the documentary evidence sheds little or no light on the subjective
states of minds of the Appellant and the Deceased in the context of the
present appeal. In our view, this is _not_ a case based largely on documentary
evidence as the Appellant claims. This is a case where the Appellant’s
testimony and the credibility thereof are _critical_ to the case.

55 In our view, this case is distinguishable from, for example, the decision
of this court in _Ng Chee Chuan v Ng Ai Tee (administratrix of the estate of
Yap Yoon Moi, deceased)_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 918 (“ _Ng Chee Chuan_ ”). In _Ng
Chee Chuan_ , the sole issue of fact was whether there was an oral agreement
between the parties whereby the deceased mother had agreed to relinquish her
interest in the trust shares in exchange for a monthly payment. This court
proceeded to rely on documentary evidence of what happened after the alleged
oral agreement was entered into, how the trust shares were taken care of, and
the behaviour of the other members of the family in relation to the deed for
transfer of shares which had been signed for no consideration. In other words,
the court could refer to documentary evidence objectively showing the
existence of an agreement. It is in this context that this court concluded (at
[19]) that the question of the credibility or veracity of witnesses was not
critical. In contrast, the present case is not one which can be disposed of by
objective evidence of the existence of a false representation or of an
agreement; an inquiry into the subjective states of minds of the Appellant and
the Deceased needs to be made. In respect of the former, the court is faced
with nothing else but her oral evidence. It is precisely such a situation
which this court in _Ng Chee Chuan_ contrasted the facts before it to when it
commented (at [19]):

We would underscore that this was not a case where the court was faced with
nothing else but the oral evidence of the appellant and that of the
respondent, in which event the question of the credibility and veracity of the
witnesses would have been critical.

56 This case is, to our minds, one where the veracity and credibility of the
witnesses, and in particular the Appellant (given that the Deceased was not
available to give evidence), is critical. The following observations made by
this court in _Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd v Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd_
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 (at [41]) in relation to the basis for review by this
court of the Judge’s findings of fact is therefore entirely apposite:

Given that this appeal largely involves the evaluation of the Judge's finding
of facts below, it is apposite that we remind ourselves of an appellate
court's role with respect to the finding of facts made in the course of a
trial. The appellate court's power of review with respect to finding of facts
is limited because the trial judge is generally better placed to assess the
veracity and credibility of witnesses, especially where oral evidence is
concerned (_Seah Ting Soon v Indonesian Tractors Co Pte Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR(R)
53 at [22]). However, this rule is not immutable. Where it can be established
that the trial judge's assessment is plainly wrong or against the weight of
the evidence, the appellate court can and should overturn any such finding
(see _Alagappa Subramanian v Chidambaram s/o Alagappa_ [2003] SGCA 20 at [13]
and _Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 at [34]-[36]).
Furthermore, where a particular finding of fact is not based on the veracity
or credibility of the witness, but instead, is based on an inference drawn
from the facts or the evaluation of primary facts, the appellate court is in
as good a position as the trial judge to undertake that exercise (_Tan Chin
Seng v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 307 at [54] and _Ho Soo Fong
v Standard Chartered Bank_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 181 at [20]). In so doing, the
appellate court will evaluate the cogency of the evidence given by the
witnesses by testing it against inherent probabilities or against
uncontroverted facts (_Peh Eng Leng v Pek Eng Leong_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 939 at
[22]).

57 With these important preliminary observations in mind, and noting the fact
that certain crucial elements of the claim in fraudulent misrepresentation
rest on the veracity and credibility of the witnesses, we now turn to examine
the substantive issues at hand.

The alleged misrepresentations

58 The Appellant points, in the main, to two sets of documents which she
alleges contained fraudulent misrepresentations:

(a) The correspondence between the Deceased and Appellant after 7 December
1998; and

(b) The Affidavit.

59 It bears emphasising that it is not sufficient for the Appellant to show
that some misrepresentation had been made. She must prove that that
misrepresentation was _fraudulent_ in accordance with the high standard of
proof referred to above (at [30]). We should add that the court will not
readily adopt her interpretation of any particular statement where such
statement may be ambiguous and where more than one inference may be drawn from
the same statement (see, for example, the High Court of Australia decision of
_John McGrath Motors_ , cited above at [41]). Such circumspection applies with
particular force where the Judge has made a finding with regard to the
Appellant’s credibility and has disbelieved her interpretation of events, a
course of conduct, or even a statement made.

The correspondence between parties

60 The Appellant points, in particular, to the Deceased’s statement in a
letter from the Deceased’s lawyers to the Appellant’s lawyers dated 11 October
1999 in which it was stated that the Deceased was in “no financial position”
to pay RM3,750 per month per child in maintenance. However, this statement
must be read in the _context_ of the Separation Agreement to which it makes
reference and the correspondence between the Appellant’s lawyers and the
Deceased’s lawyers in 1999 which prefaced the statement. The context does not,
in our view, indicate that the Deceased had little or no assets. In fact, the
Deceased made no attempt in the Separation Agreement or in the correspondence
to hide the fact that he had assets.

61 Under cl 5 of the Separation Agreement, the Deceased had agreed to be “
_solely responsible_ to pay all costs and expenses of the children’s education
through primary, secondary and tertiary levels, both locally _and/or abroad
including the fees, deposits and charges of boarding schools_ ” [emphasis
added]. This was a heavy financial commitment which the Deceased continued to
represent that he was willing and able to undertake. In a letter dated 4 June
1999, the Deceased’s lawyers wrote to the Appellant _via_ her lawyers,
proposing that the Deceased pay “all costs and expenses of the children’s
education”. This letter also contained a request for a reduction in monthly
maintenance “considering the fact that” he would be paying for these costs and
expenses. In other words, a reduction of maintenance was being sought only _in
light of_ the Deceased’s contribution to the children’s educational expenses
and not, contrary to the Appellant’s assertion, because the Deceased was
unable to pay.

62 The Appellant also asserts that the correspondence suggested that the
Deceased was unable to pay even the small sum of RM8,445.69 which he had
incurred on the Appellant’s supplementary credit card in December 1998. With
respect, this is a gloss on what was actually contained in the correspondence.
On 30 June 1999, the Appellant’s lawyers wrote to ask for settlement of the
monies owing to the Appellant for the Deceased’s expenditure on the
supplementary credit card. The Deceased’s lawyers wrote back on 26 July 1999,
agreeing without demur to make full settlement of the amount owing. By this
time, it was clear that the Deceased was no longer financially dependent on
the Appellant; the supplementary credit card had been cancelled and the
Deceased was living apart from the Appellant.

63 The correspondence also contained other clues that the Deceased was not in
fact impecunious. The letter dated 26 July 1999 informed the Appellant _via_
her lawyers that the Deceased was purchasing private property in Singapore for
the benefit of Joshua and Azura and assured the Appellant that the children’s
financial needs would be taken care of. This was a direct response to the
Appellant’s letter dated 7 June 1999 asking for “evidence that [the Deceased]
is fit and capable to provide the necessary care for the children _as
befitting the lifestyle that they are accustomed to_ ” [emphasis added]. It is
undisputed that this is a high standard of living requiring quite some wealth.
The letter contained the curt reply: “It suffices for our client to say that
he has the financial means to provide for the children’s needs.” The
implication was that the Deceased did have assets but did not want the
Appellant to know the full extent of them save that they were enough to
maintain Joshua’s and Azura’s high standard of living. If anything, this
should have caused the Appellant to suspect that the Deceased was actually
very wealthy. In fact, there is some evidence that this was indeed the
Appellant’s suspicion (see below at [67]). The documents point to the opposite
conclusion from what the Appellant asserts, _ie_ , they show that the Deceased
was not concealing the fact that he was a man of means. While he probably did
not want the Appellant to know the full extent of his assets, he did not seem
to be taking any pains to conceal their existence.

64 Mr Kumar argued that the statement “it suffices for our client to say that
he has the financial _means to provide for the children’s needs_ ” [emphasis
added] was made in the context of correspondence specifically relating to
maintenance for Joshua and Azura and was a deliberate concealment of the
Deceased’s other assets. By such concealment and omission, Mr Kumar argues
that the Deceased implied that he had no other financial means outside of
those required for the care of Joshua and Azura. Mr Kumar’s argument was, in
our view, wholly unpersuasive.

65 It is trite law that “mere silence, however morally wrong, will not support
an action of deceit” (see, for example, the House of Lords decision of
_Bradford Third Equitable Benefit Building Society v Borders_ [1941] 2 All ER
205 at 211). There can be no misrepresentation by omission, although active
concealment of a particular state of affairs may amount to misrepresentation
(see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision of _Gordon v Selico Co
Ltd_ [1986] 1 EGLR 71, where a landlord deliberately covered up an extensive
outbreak of dry rot in his flat, intending to deceive the long-term lessees of
the flat). However, Mr Kumar’s case does not even meet the threshold of active
concealment. It is his own case that the correspondence related specifically
to the issue of Joshua and Azura and provision for their needs. Mr Kumar
pointed us to a letter dated 30 June 1999 from the Appellant’s lawyers where
the Appellant demanded that the Deceased provide her “particulars of the
[financial] provisions made by him for [the children’s] care”. In this
context, it is not surprising that the response elicited from the Deceased
stated that he had the financial means to provide for the children’s needs.
The Deceased was merely answering the Appellant’s question of 30 June 1999; an
omission to mention his financial means outside that context was not an active
concealment and could not thus have been a false statement of fact amounting
to a misrepresentation. There is no evidence that the Deceased deliberately
and dishonestly concealed the truth from the Appellant _with the intention_ to
mislead her into thinking that he had no assets to divide.

66 Ascertaining assets for division was clearly not the intention of either
party in the correspondence. The question the Appellant asked was whether the
Deceased could provide for the children _out of his own assets_. The Deceased
responded that he could. It was more likely than not that the Deceased was
already operating from the mindset that the monies were _his assets_ and not
assets which would be available for division. Given the fact that most of the
monies had been paid out _after_ the Deceased and the Appellant had separated,
it is not unlikely that the Deceased would have been labouring under the
impression that the monies were not matrimonial assets and therefore not
available for division. The argument that the monies were not matrimonial
assets was, in fact, an argument successfully run by the First Respondent in
the trial below (although we disagree with the Judge’s analysis for the
reasons given at [76]–[78] below), and would have been a reasonable
supposition for the Deceased to have made. This would explain the general tone
of the correspondence and the underlying assumption that the Deceased had
assets _of his own_ to deal with in the support and care of Joshua and Azura.
It is immediately apparent that the Deceased could not have intended to
mislead the Appellant if he did not even realise that the monies were
matrimonial assets to begin with. It bears reiterating that it is the
_Appellant_ who has to prove, in accordance with a high standard of proof (see
above at [30] and [59]), that the Deceased had the requisite fraudulent
intent. Where the evidence suggests that there may be a reasonable belief that
the monies were not matrimonial assets and so would not have been available
for division, it is for the _Appellant_ to prove that matters were otherwise.

67 Against this backdrop, the Deceased’s statement that he was “in no
financial position” to provide RM3,750 per child in monthly maintenance is not
sufficient, in and of itself, to constitute a misrepresentation that the
Deceased was impecunious. This was a one-off statement which was not repeated
subsequently and was out of sync with the rest of the correspondence.
Unsurprisingly, the Appellant wrote back on 22 October 1999 arguing (at para
6) that the Deceased’s living arrangements indicated that he was able “to
maintain a lifestyle and [was] not … someone who is ‘in no financial position’
to maintain his two children”. It is crucial to note that at no point in time
did the Deceased renege on his commitment to pay for the children’s
educational and medical expenses, nor did he ever express any doubt that he
could maintain Joshua and Azura to their accustomed standard of living
whenever they stayed with him. The statement was limited only to the question
of monthly maintenance and could equally have meant that the Deceased did not
have a regular income. Given that the monies constituted almost all of the
Deceased’s wealth at the material time, the Deceased’s confidence that he
could commit to making provision for Joshua’s and Azura’s educational, medical
and lifestyle requirements must have derived (from _his_ perspective) from the
fact that he was in possession of the monies _and_ was of the view that the
monies were _his_. If the Deceased had thought, to the contrary, that these
were monies which were available for division and which he stood to lose, he
would most likely have taken further and more consistent efforts to conceal
his wealth _and_ would have been _unlikely_ to individually (as well as with
such confidence) take on such large financial commitments in relation to
Joshua and Azura.

68 In our view, the correspondence between the Deceased and the Appellant,
when taken _in their proper context_ as an attempt to settle the outstanding
issue of care and control, maintenance and custody of the children, did not
contain a misrepresentation to the effect that the Deceased had little or no
assets for division. As Mr Kumar himself put it, the correspondence was not
even about division of assets. As we have also observed (above at [66] and
[67]), it was likely that the Deceased did not even consider that the monies
were matrimonial assets available for division and in any event seemed to be
operating on the basis that the monies were _his assets_ and not joint assets
which could be divided at the ancillary stage of divorce proceedings and which
he stood to lose. The Appellant did not adduce evidence that the Deceased
regarded the monies as matrimonial assets which could be divided. We further
find that there was nothing in this correspondence which pointed to an active
concealment of assets by the Deceased, who was simply providing answers to the
questions put to him by the Appellant. We find that the Judge’s assessment of
the correspondence between the Deceased and the Appellant was not plainly
wrong or against the weight of the evidence.

The Affidavit

69 The Deceased had stated in the Affidavit as follows:

1)I am presently unemployed due to my ill health and age (I am fifty-one (51)
years old).

2)I obtain financial support from my parents, siblings, friends and
wellwishers.

3) _Despite my financial position_ , I assure the Court that I will pay to the
Petitioner the sum of RM 1,200.00 (or lesser as the Court may determine) as
maintenance for each of my two (2) children.

[emphasis added]

70 Mr Kumar pointed to the phrase “[d]espite my financial position” in para 3
of the Affidavit and argued that, in the context of para 2, this phrase
impliedly represented to the Appellant that he did not even have the financial
means to pay maintenance for Joshua and Azura, much less assets to be divided.

71 It is true that the Deceased had a duty of full and frank disclosure in
filing the Affidavit (see, for example, the decision of this court in _Wee Ah
Lian v Teo Siak Weng_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 347 (at [54]–[55])). The monies had been
received by the Deceased by the time the Affidavit was filed. He was thus in a
good financial position and was not wholly dependent on financial support from
his parents, siblings, friends and wellwishers, as he claimed in para 2 of the
Affidavit. In our view, however, the phrase “[d]espite my financial position”,
whilst _literally_ conveying the impression that the Deceased was not in the
financial position to pay a higher sum for maintenance of Joshua and Azura,
was merely a form of exaggeration or posturing, and, looked at in this
context, was not a misrepresentation to begin with. The phrase “[d]espite my
financial position” which the Appellant hangs her whole case on is, at best,
ambiguous or obscure. As already emphasised (at [36]), each alleged
representation must be read in its specific _context_. Where a statement is
ambiguous, the representee (here, the Appellant) has the burden of proving
that the representor (here, the Deceased) _understood and intended those
words_ in the sense alleged (_viz_ , that the Deceased had no assets to
divide) in the context in which they were made. In this case, the context was
set by the correspondence between the parties prior to the filing of the
Affidavit. Indeed, consistently with our analysis of _the correspondence
between the parties_ above, it was clear, in so far as _the Appellant_ was
concerned, that the Deceased was by no means impecunious. It was also likely
that the Deceased regarded the monies as _his own assets_ and not as
matrimonial assets which were susceptible to division (see above at [66] and
[67]). In our view, the issue of division was probably not in the
contemplation of the Deceased when he made that statement.

72 However, _even if_ we assume that the Deceased had made a
misrepresentation, the Deceased’s subjective state of mind is important in
ascertaining whether or not (in accordance with the principles set out above
at [29]–[49]) he had been guilty of _fraud_. The Deceased’s subjective state
of mind is of particular importance in the present case because the statement
alleged to be false is capable of more than one interpretation. As stated in
Edwin Peel, _Treitel: The Law of Contract_ (13th Ed, Sweet & Maxwell, 2011) (“
_Treitel_ ”) at para 9-006:

A statement may be intended by the representor to bear a meaning which is
true, but be so obscure that the representee understands it in another sense,
in which it is untrue. In such a case the representor is not liable if his
interpretation is the correct one; and even if the court holds that the
representee’s interpretation was the correct one, the representor is not
guilty of fraud. This is so in spite of the fact that the representor’s
interpretation was an unreasonable one, so long as he honestly believed in it.
A fortiori the representee has no remedy in deceit if the representation is
ambiguous and he did not in fact understand it in a different sense from that
intended by the representor.

73 If the allegation is that the Deceased intended, by the obscurity or
ambiguity of his statement, to mislead the Appellant, his subjective state of
mind is equally important. _Treitel_ goes on to observe in the same paragraph
as follows:

A representor is guilty of fraud if he makes an ambiguous statement intending
it to bear a meaning which is to his knowledge untrue, and if the statement is
reasonably understood in that sense by the representee. In such a case it is
no defence for the representor to show that, on its true construction, the
statement bore a meaning that was in fact true.

74 It is immediately apparent that the subjective states of mind of both the
Deceased and the Appellant acquire crucial significance in relation to the
statement made in the Affidavit. If the Deceased did not intend the phrase
“[d]espite my financial position” to convey the meaning that he had no assets
capable of being divided, then his statement, however false or misleading,
cannot constitute fraud. Equally, if the Appellant could not have understood
that phrase, read in its proper context, as conveying the meaning that the
Deceased had no assets capable of division, then there is no fraud.

75 Before proceeding to further consider the issue of alleged fraud on the
part of the Deceased, an important preliminary point ought to be clarified. In
this regard, we could not, with respect, accept the Judge’s finding that the
Deceased could not have intended the misrepresentation because the monies were
not matrimonial assets. This is a legal question which we found that the Judge
had, with respect, erred on. Whether the date of the decree _nisi_ or the date
of the Separation Agreement is taken to be the operative date of separation,
the monies would, in our view, constitute matrimonial assets. Both M&W
Agreements were entered into before 7 December 1998.

76 The M&W Agreements were not, as the First Respondent claims, merely
conditional contracts. The Second M&W Agreement was a straightforward
engagement of the Deceased as strategic financial advisor for the Project.
There is no mention of assuring the successful procurement of the Project (see
[8(b)] above). The First M&W Agreement was only _partially_ conditional, with
40% being payable regardless of the fulfilment of the condition. Accordingly,
only a part of the monies was an unvested conditional right. The rest of the
monies had vested in the Deceased prior to the date of Separation and were
matrimonial assets. As for the remaining 60% on the First M&W Agreement, the
Appellant correctly points out that _choses in action_ , _even if they are
unvested_ , may be matrimonial assets. In _Chan Teck Hock David v Leong Mei
Chuan_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 76 (“ _David Chan_ ”), this court held (at [28]) that
while a contract to grant an option upon the fulfilment of a condition is “one
step removed from having a present option to purchase the shares”, the granter
could not revoke the agreement to grant the option without cause and the
grantee had a valuable contractual right capable of being factored into the
pool of assets for division. It is clear to our minds that the remaining 60%
of the monies under the First M&W Agreement is indistinguishable from the
assets mentioned in _David Chan_. Both are conditional, unvested rights
capable of being assigned a value in division, although their exact value may
be difficult to determine.

77 The First Respondent’s reliance on the Singapore High Court decision of
_Lim Ngeok Yuen v Lim Soon Heng Victor_ [2006] SGHC 83 (“ _Lim Ngeok Yuen_ ”)
as support for the proposition that assets could be excluded from the time the
parties separated does not assist her case in this particular regard. The
monies would be matrimonial assets even if the Separation Agreement was taken
as the operative date of separation. In _Lim Ngeok Yuen_ , the judge took the
date of the couple’s separation as the date after which they intended to live
their separate lives. Accordingly, she excluded assets accumulated by the
husband _after_ the date of separation but before the grant of the decree
_nisi_ on the ground that there was no intention that these assets would go
towards what was shared by the couple in their marriage. The judge in _Lim
Negok Yuen_ had, however, acknowledged (at [45]) that these assets
“technically … did form a matrimonial asset”. This assumes that _prima facie_
, the assets were part of the pool of matrimonial assets. It was only _during_
the division, and _not before_ , that the judge exercised her discretion to
exclude those assets. This cannot be used to support the proposition that
division is _precluded_ because there is an earlier date of separation which
should be taken to be the effective end of the marriage. We also note that
_Lim Ngeok Yuen_ dealt with property acquired _de novo_ after the parties had
parted ways whereas in the present case, the M&W Agreements had been made
while the Appellant and Deceased had been living together as husband and wife
with the fortuitous circumstance that the condition resulting in the vesting
of the monies in the Deceased occurred after their separation.

78 We find that there is no legal basis for the argument that the monies were
not matrimonial assets. Accordingly, the First Respondent’s argument that the
Deceased’s alleged misrepresentation could not have caused the Appellant any
loss cannot be sustained. However, it does _not_ logically follow that the
Deceased could not have been labouring under the impression that the monies
were not matrimonial assets, but rather, were _his assets_ to keep. While it
was clear to us that the monies were matrimonial assets, we do note that this
was not a straightforward case of matrimonial assets _and_ that the Deceased
did not have any legal training in order to understand the subtleties of when
a _chose in action_ which vested _after_ separation could be included as part
of the pool of matrimonial assets. There is also no evidence that the Deceased
sought legal advice on this point, particularly since the available evidence
points to the proposition that the question of division was probably not even
on the table at the material time (see above at [71]). As we have already
stated, the Deceased could very well have thought that the monies were _not_
matrimonial assets. Our analysis (above at [66] and [67]) of the Deceased’s
_most likely_ state of mind is _unaffected_ by our analysis of whether the
monies were available for division _in law_. Having dealt with this particular
issue, we now turn to the evidential arguments which the parties make.

79 Returning to the Affidavit, Mr Kumar argued that the _only_ intention which
the Deceased could have had in the context was to induce the Appellant not to
apply for division. He pointed to an internal memorandum from BPITL’s Kenneth
Lee, recording the contents of a tele-conversation with the Deceased. One of
the points recorded in this internal memorandum, dated 24 November 1999, was
that the Deceased “would not like the ex-wife [the Appellant] to benefit from
the trust funds and would not like her to know the Trust’s existence”. Mr
Kumar argued that this clearly showed an intention to conceal his assets from
the Appellant as recently as two months before the Affidavit was filed.

80 Counsel for the First Respondent, Ms Deborah Barker SC (“Ms Barker”),
argued that the Separation Agreement had the nature of a binding compromise
agreement for final settlement of issues between the Appellant and the
Deceased and this was reflected in the amended Divorce Petition filed on 22
December 1998. Ms Barker argued that, by the time the Affidavit was filed, the
notion of division was no longer operating on the mind of the Deceased as he
had considered the issue settled from 7 December 1998. The Deceased thus could
not have intended for the Appellant to rely on his statements to forgo
division of matrimonial assets.

81 Unfortunately, the Deceased could not be offered for cross-examination. The
only account of the circumstances surrounding the Separation Agreement as well
as the circumstances leading up to the filing of the Affidavit is the
Appellant’s account. Whether the Judge believed the Appellant’s account of
what was said and done at the material time by the Deceased is therefore a
matter of critical importance. The Judge found that the Appellant’s position
in relation to what representations were made to her (and when) shifted from
the start of her case to the close of it. The import of the Judge’s findings
was that the Appellant was not a reliable witness and her interpretation of
events could not be relied on. The Appellant had averred in the court below,
and continues to aver, that the Deceased’s actions were _only_ consistent with
an intention to mislead. With respect, this is purely speculative.

82 It has already been observed (above at [64] and [70]) that it is the
Appellant’s own case that the correspondence immediately preceding the filing
of the Affidavit and which continued for more than six months prior was for
the _limited_ purpose of discussing the _maintenance_ of the children. The
only context in which the Deceased’s financial means had been raised was in
the context of whether the Deceased could provide for Joshua and Azura. It was
the Appellant’s own case that the only thing outstanding at the time the
Affidavit was filed was the issue of custody, care and control as well as
support and maintenance of Joshua and Azura. This is consistent with the
correspondence which passed between the parties during that particular period
of time. It is also consistent with the correspondence between the parties
that the Deceased regarded the monies as _his own assets_ and not matrimonial
assets which were available for division (see above at [66]). It was thus
unlikely that the Deceased would have been thinking about the division of the
monies when he filed the Affidavit.

83 The Appellant’s arguments in relation to the correspondence cuts both ways.
If, indeed, the only issue left to be resolved between the Appellant and the
Deceased at the material time was custody, care and control as well as support
and maintenance of Joshua and Azura, it is difficult to believe that the issue
of division was still a live issue operating on the minds of the Deceased and
the Appellant. The Appellant never gave evidence as to when the decision was
taken to forgo division and when this decision was communicated to the
Deceased. Indeed, the Judge observed (at [94] of the Judgment) that the
Appellant’s stance kept changing. Even until the present time, it is not clear
when the issue of division ceased to be a live issue. What is clear from the
correspondence and from the Appellant’s own case is that, by the time the
Affidavit was filed, the question of division, and in particular the division
of the monies which the Deceased could well have regarded as assets which
_were not susceptible to division_ , was probably _not_ in the minds of the
Deceased or the Appellant at all. Whether the Separation Agreement was a full
and final settlement of the issues between the Deceased and the Appellant does
not affect this analysis.

84 Given the fact that division had ceased to be a live or important issue
between the Appellant and the Deceased, the Appellant’s argument that the
_only_ intention consistent with the Deceased’s behaviour was an intention to
induce the Appellant to forgo division is fanciful. In the context of
maintenance of the children, the Deceased was (putting the Appellant’s case at
its highest) merely attempting to persuade the _court_ to reduce the monthly
_maintenance_ sum he was to pay the Appellant for Joshua and Azura. As far as
the Appellant was concerned, the Deceased had communicated his intention of
paying a lower monthly maintenance sum for Joshua and Azura to the Appellant
_via_ the lawyers’ correspondence described in the preceding section.
Consistent with his earlier position, the Deceased had in his mind the
question of maintenance, care and control as well as custody. If the question
of division was not present and acting on his mind, he could not be said to
have intended to induce the Appellant to forgo division, let alone that he had
made the statements in the Affidavit (in particular, at para 3 thereof)
fraudulently.

85 Could it then be said that the Deceased made the statement in the Affidavit
recklessly, without care and regard for its truth and falsity? As emphasised
above (at [34]), the concept of recklessness in the context of fraudulent
misrepresentation _cannot_ be equated with mere negligence or carelessness.
The statement which the Deceased made again related to the maintenance of
Joshua and Azura. The four words “[d]espite my financial position” do not
alter the content of his statement nor the context in which it was made. The
Deceased made (at worst) a careless statement which implied that his financial
means only permitted him to pay up to RM1,200 a month _in maintenance_ for
each child. It is worth noting that he had never represented to the Appellant
that he was unable or unwilling to pay for Joshua’s and Azura’s educational
and medical expenses, and that he had never made a deliberate and consistent
effort to conceal his assets (see above at [63] and [67]). He was thus clearly
not making the representation that he had no financial means _in vacuo_. At
best, the Deceased, by his exaggeration, made a statement not amounting to
fraud as there is little evidence that the Deceased intended, either directly
or indirectly, to induce the Appellant to forgo division. Indeed, where there
is a reasonable chance, as in this case, that the Deceased believed that the
monies were not matrimonial assets for the purposes of division, the analysis
in this paragraph applies _a fortiori._

86 It has already been observed (above at [43] and [44]) that inducement acts
upon the will of the representee to persuade, influence or lead on. This is
more than mere encouragement. Indeed, there is an element of deliberateness to
the word “inducement”. It would be highly improbable, if not impossible, for
inducement to occur without the intention to persuade or influence. This
assumes that the Deceased thought that the Appellant _might_ ask for division
and intended to subvert that possibility by persuading her that division of
assets would not be worth her time. The Judge had disbelieved (at [97] of the
Judgment) the Appellant’s denial that she wanted to avoid disclosing her
assets and having them taken into account on division at the time the
Affidavit was filed. Given that this was an assessment of the credibility of
the Appellant, whose demeanour on the stand we were not able to witness, we
are hesitant to disturb that finding. In any event, such a finding by the
Judge is not clearly contrary to the evidence. It could not have been the case
that the Appellant had nothing to put in the pool of matrimonial assets. The
correspondence between the Deceased’s and the Appellant’s lawyers made
reference to the Deceased’s financial means to maintain Joshua and Azura to
the high standard of living they were accustomed to, his commitment to pay all
Joshua’s and Azura’s educational and medical expenses (even tertiary education
and boarding school abroad), his ability to pay off the outstanding sums
incurred under the Appellant’s supplementary credit card, his luxurious
lifestyle in Kuching, and his buying of private property in Singapore (see
above at [61]–[68]). Yet, the Appellant never once asked about the division of
matrimonial assets; there was nothing in her evidence at trial that suggested
that she did so orally and there was nothing in the correspondence to indicate
that the possibility of division was even on her mind. This was so even after
the Appellant had written on 22 October 1999 that she did not believe that the
Deceased was not in a financial position to pay RM7,500 a month in maintenance
for both children. This would have given the Deceased the impression that the
Appellant had already made up her mind not to ask for division. If it had been
otherwise, why was the question of division not even discussed or alluded to
at the material time? There is no sense in which the Deceased could then have
led, influenced, or persuaded, the Appellant to persist with her decided
course of action when he was not even aware that there was the scope for
persuasion in the first place. At the very most, any representation on his
part would have affirmed her already settled course of action, but could not
have induced or persuaded her as she had already made up her mind.

87 The phrase “[d]espite my financial position” which forms the crux of the
Appellant’s case is, at its highest, an ambiguous statement made in a
different context, _viz_ , that of attempting to secure a reduction in monthly
maintenance. The evidence demonstrates that the Deceased had simply not
directed his mind to the question of division or assets available for division
as this issue was not even on the negotiation table. The misrepresentation
contained in the Affidavit was thus _not_ fraudulent. Indeed, this conclusion
is also consistent with the Judge’s finding in the court below that the
Appellant had waived her right to a division of matrimonial assets because she
had decided that the Deceased was a man of straw.

Whether there was reliance and loss

88 Given our finding that there was no fraudulent misrepresentation, it is not
strictly necessary to address the issue of reliance. However, given that
reliance is intimately bound up with inducement in this case, we make some
brief observations.

89 Mr Kumar argued that the only explanation for the Appellant’s subsequent
behaviour, _viz_ , forgoing the RM500,000 owed to her by the Deceased,
forgoing requests for maintenance and forgoing division was that she had
relied on the Affidavit and the context in which it was made to conclude that
the Deceased had no assets.

90 With respect, this begs the question at hand. What Mr Kumar is actually
arguing is that the Appellant would have asked for division if she knew that
the Deceased had US$25,000,000 sitting in the bank. This skips the crucial
step of asking whether reliance had been placed on the alleged fraudulent
statement, _viz_ , the Affidavit and specifically the four words “[d]espite my
financial position”. Mr Kumar assumes that it was the Affidavit and/or the
correspondence that led the Appellant to believe that the Deceased had no
assets. However, that is precisely the issue which Mr Kumar must prove on a
balance of probabilities. Mr Kumar’s argument is nothing more than an
assertion that the alleged misrepresentation caused the Appellant to believe
that the Deceased had no assets. When the Judge found (at [94] and [103] of
the Judgment) that it was the Appellant’s own perception that the Deceased was
a man of straw, the Judge’s findings addressed the crucial missing step in Mr
Kumar’s argument, _viz_ , what the source of her perception was. Unless
reliance on the alleged misrepresentation is first proven, Mr Kumar cannot
proceed to say that the Appellant’s actions were a result of her perception of
the Deceased’s financial position.

91 Mr Kumar’s argument, with respect, misses another crucial link: it assumes
that the Appellant had interpreted the words in the sense in which they were
false, rather than as an exaggerated statement that the Deceased could not pay
regular maintenance of RM7,500 for both children. With respect, there is no
evidence that the Appellant had interpreted the words “[d]espite my financial
position” in the sense in which they were false. The burden lies on the
Appellant to prove that she was induced by the alleged misrepresentation. Her
subjective state of mind is an essential part of the analysis and she must
give evidence on what she took those words to mean in the context of the
Affidavit. It should be noted that there is little in the record of appeal
which specifically addresses the question of how the Appellant had interpreted
the words “[d]espite my financial position”. In fact, only two paragraphs in
the Appellant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief specifically address the
statement made in the Affidavit. These contained nothing more than the
assertion that the Affidavit was a continuing misrepresentation and was
“deliberately crafted to create the impression” that the Deceased was
impecunious. The record of appeal reveals that the Appellant gave no evidence
specifically on what she understood by the phrase “[d]espite my financial
position”, or how it might have influenced her. The observations of the House
of Lords in _Smith v Chadwick_ (1884) 9 App Cas 187 (“ _Smith v Chadwick_ ”)
are apposite in this regard. In _Smith v Chadwick_ , a prospectus was issued
with an ambiguous statement which could mean, in that particular context,
either that the company presently turned out produce worth over £1,000,000 a
year (an untrue statement) _or_ that the company was capable of turning out
that amount of produce in a year (a true statement). The House of Lords found
that it lay on the representee to prove that he had interpreted the words in
the former sense (_ie_ , the sense in which they were false) and had _in fact
been deceived_ by them to subscribe to shares in the company. Lord Blackburn
observed (at 200):

… I think the fair conclusion is, that they feared to ask the question in
examining the plaintiff in chief, lest he should answer that he did not
understand the prospectus as meaning that there had been an actual output
during the last year, or at least that he would not swear that he was
influenced by his belief in that statement. The counsel for the defendants did
not choose on cross-examination to risk bringing out of a hostile witness
evidence which his own counsel had not brought out in chief. If I am right in
the opinion which I have already expressed, that the burthen lay on the
plaintiff to prove that he was induced, I think they acted wisely. If the
plaintiff had made a prima facie case which required affirmative proof of an
answer from the defendants, I think it would be otherwise.

92 We have already stated our reasons (at [82]–[86]) for finding that the
Appellant was unlikely to have been thinking about division at the time the
Affidavit was filed. The reason why the Judge did not address the Affidavit in
much detail in the Judgment was because the Affidavit was irrelevant by then;
it could not have made an impact on the Appellant’s thinking or decisions. We
should note that, contrary to the Appellant’s assertion, the Judge had
directed her mind to the Affidavit. At [103] of the Judgment, the Judge stated
that it was “unlikely that any representations were made… apart from what was
stated in his affidavit of means”. This indicated to us that this was not a
case of the Judge having ignored the Affidavit, but of having considered it
and found that it had no bearing on the dispute as the relevant time frame in
which the Appellant could have been influenced or persuaded to act in the way
she did had already passed. Even in respect of the decree _nisi_ , the
outstanding issues related to the charging of the Deceased’s CPF accounts, and
custody, care, control and maintenance of the children. When cross-examined on
the decree _nisi_ , she stated that she “recall[ed] clearly that we had issues
on custody and maintenance of kids”. There was no indication that she thought
the issue of division was still a live issue at the time of the decree _nisi_
, much less eight months later when the Affidavit was filed.

93 By the time the Affidavit was filed, the Appellant and the Deceased had
been separated for more than a year. The Deceased had not borrowed any money
from the Appellant during that time, and was living independently from her. He
had made repeated assurances to her in the correspondence that he had the
means to take care of Joshua and Azura according to their accustomed standard
of living. It is significant to note that the Appellant does not mention the
Affidavit in much detail in her Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief in this suit;
neither was she examined specifically on the Affidavit during the trial below.
She set out the words of the Affidavit at para 108 of her Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief and proceeded to state that the Affidavit was “in support of
his claim that he did not have the financial means to meet the quantum of
maintenance that I had sought for the Children”. She further stated that she
believed that the Deceased had little or no assets “based on his
representations of his financial position, his constant claims that he had no
means, his statements in his Affidavit of Means, his statement of his
inability to make maintenance payments for the children and his conduct in
general”. However, when it came to cross-examination, the Appellant testified
that she had relied on the Deceased’s conduct throughout the marriage although
he continued to make this representation “towards the end”. The relevant
section of the record of appeal is as follows:

Q:Okay. You say that he made fraudulent misrepresentations to you about his
income and assets, okay. So when did he do this? Can you tell us?

A:Throughout the marriage. I think throughout the marriage. The beginning it
was true but towards the end, he continued to represent it to be so.

Q:So obviously when he was telling you in the early years that he had little
money or assets, that was not---

A:Sorry?

Q:\---that was not wrong. When he told you in the early years that he had---or
he led you to believe he had little money or assets, you agree that was true,
right?

A:Yes, I think that was true but he did not tell me but it was by his conduct.

Q:So he didn’t say in so many words, “I have no money and no assets”. You---
you deduced from his conduct that he had no money or assets?

A:Well, if somebody borrows money from you, it’s---it would mean that he had
no assets and he had no means to have a need to---to borrow.

94 The only specific reference to the Affidavit in the Appellant’s testimony
actually indicated that the Appellant had _already made up her mind prior to_
the point in time when the Affidavit was filed. When asked whether the
Deceased had said that he did not have the means to pay maintenance for the
children, the Appellant testified instead that it was “more by conduct” that
she came to that conclusion. In itself, the response “more by conduct” may not
be conclusive as the representor’s statement need not be the sole inducement,
so long as it had played a real and substantial part and operated in the
representee’s mind, no matter how strong or how many were the other matters
which also played on the representee’s mind (see, for example, the Singapore
Court of Appeal decision of _Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and
another_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435, as well as the English Court of Appeal decisions
of _JEB Fasteners Ltd v Marks, Bloom & Co_ [1983] 1 All ER 583 and _Edgington
v Fitzmaurice_ (1885) 29 Ch D 459). However, _in the context and for the
reasons given above_ , it is clear that the phrase “[d]espite my financial
position” was not only not a real or substantial inducement for the Appellant
to forgo division of assets, it was also _no longer operating in the
Appellant’s mind in the sense in which it was false_ (here, as a
representation that the Deceased had little or no assets available for the
division of matrimonial assets which the parties were then contemplating).

95 The Judge, having had the benefit of examining the Appellant’s demeanour on
the stand, found that it was _wholly her own perception_ of the Deceased’s
financial situation that led to her conclusion that he had no assets. Put
simply, the Appellant had, by then, closed her mind to the idea that the
Deceased could have anything of value to divide and accordingly was most
likely not even thinking about the division of matrimonial assets.

96 There is nothing in the Judge’s findings of fact that was clearly contrary
to the evidence available on record. We see no reason to disturb the Judge’s
findings of fact, particularly given the fact that only the Appellant could
testify as to her state of mind at the time and that the Judge’s finding on
her credibility is crucial. The Deceased had not made any fraudulent
misrepresentation. Even if the Deceased had made a fraudulent
misrepresentation, the Appellant did not rely on it and there is therefore no
need to consider whether she has suffered loss.

Issue 2

97 Given that we have found that there had been no fraudulent
misrepresentation on the part of the Deceased, the threshold question is
answered in the negative and the claim in unjust enrichment against the Second
Respondent therefore cannot succeed as there is no relevant unjust factor on
the facts of the present appeal. For completeness, however, we will make some
observations as to the merits of the claim against the Second Respondent
premised on this particular claim.

The Applicable Principles

Introduction

98 The Appellant set out the following (general) elements required in order to
successfully maintain a claim in unjust enrichment:

(a) Has the defendant been benefited or been enriched?

(b) Was the enrichment at the expense of the claimant?

(c) Was the enrichment unjust?

(d) Are there any defences?

99 The law of unjust enrichment is still developing and there remain (as we
shall see) many unresolved issues (and even controversies). However, the above
elements are uncontroversial and may be found in all the major texts (see, for
example, Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell & Stephen Watterson, _Goff & Jones:
The Law of Unjust Enrichment_ (8th Ed, Sweet & Maxwell, 2011) (“ _Goff &
Jones_”) at para 1-09; see also, in the local context, the decision of this
court in _Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia
Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2011] 3
SLR 540 (“ _Skandinaviska Enskilda_ ”) at [110]). In the present appeal, we
are concerned, in the main, with the second and third elements set out in the
preceding paragraph (_viz_ , elements (b) and (c)). It should be noted that in
order to ground a successful claim in unjust enrichment, it is _not
sufficient_ that the defendant has been benefitted and that it would be fair
or just for the plaintiff to recover the sum of that enrichment. The
Appellant’s case suffers from an over-simplification of each of these elements
into the general proposition that any benefit to the Second Respondent may be
recovered so long as a link can be established between the enrichment and the
Appellant’s loss by reference to some concept of unconscionability.

100 It is important to note at the outset the difference between
unconscionability as a doctrine and unconscionability as an underlying
rationale. The Appellant’s case uses unconscionability as a guiding doctrine
or test to determine whether a claim in unjust enrichment has been
established. Instead of pointing to a specific unjust factor, the Appellant
merely asserts that “[t]he unjust factor is _founded simply on the fact_ that
the recipient cannot in conscience retain the money” [emphasis added]. In our
view, unconscionability and the phrase “in conscience” are capable of
different shades of meaning and are too uncertain to be applied as a doctrine
or test. It is worth noting that the Appellant says nothing beyond asserting
that the recipient’s retention of the monies is “unconscionable”. No attempt
is made to understand what “unconscionability” encapsulates. Lord Nicholls in
the Privy Council observed the following in the context of knowing assistance
in a breach of trust by a company (see the Privy Council decision (on appeal
from the Court of Appeal of Brunei Darussalam) of _Royal Brunei Airlines Sdn
Bhd v Philip Tan Kok Ming_ [1995] 2 AC 378 (“ _Royal Brunei Airlines_ ”) at
392):

Mention, finally, must be made of the suggestion that the test for liability
is that of unconscionable conduct. Unconscionable is a word of immediate
appeal to an equity lawyer. Equity is rooted historically in the concept of
the Lord Chancellor, as the keeper of the Royal Conscience, concerning himself
with conduct which was contrary to good conscience. It must be recognised,
however, that unconscionable is not a word in everyday use by non-lawyers. If
it is to be used in this context, and if it is to be the touchstone for
liability as an accessory, it is essential to be clear on what, _in this
context_ , unconscionable _means_. If unconscionable means no more than
dishonesty, then dishonesty is the preferable label. If unconscionable means
something different, it must be said that it is not clear what that something
different is. Either way, therefore, the term is better avoided in this
context. [emphasis in original]

101 Indeed, unconscionability is often used as an overarching _justification
or rationale_ undergirding the whole of equity. More correctly, the label of
unconscionability applies _once_ the relevant equitable _doctrine_ has been
applied _and not before_. In other words, unconscionability does not operate
as a free-standing doctrine but expresses the rationale which underpins the
doctrine or test being applied. As Gaudron, McHugh, Gummow and Hayne JJ aptly
opined in the High Court of Australia decision, _Garcia v National Australia
Bank_ (1998) 194 CLR 395 (at 409), “the statement that [the] enforcement of
[a] transaction would be ‘unconscionable’ is to characterise the _result
rather than to identify the reasoning_ that leads to the application of that
description” [emphasis added]. In the same vein, Hayne J observed extra-
judicially in “Letting Justice be Done Without the Heavens Falling” (2002) 27
Mon ULR 12 (at 16) as follows:

Identifying some conduct as unconscionable or unconscientious is a statement
of a conclusion which would sit as well in the discourse of an ethicist, as it
does in reasons for judgment. But _in the law, they are not terms that invite,
or even permit, recourse to a judge’s idiosyncratic sense of justice_.

What sets apart the two fields of discourse of the ethicist and the judge is
the _need for the judge_** _to articulate what it is that leads him or her to
the conclusion that the conduct in question should wear this label_**. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

We also note that whilst a broader doctrine of unconscionability has been
canvassed in the context of the law of _contract_ , such a doctrine is
presently still in _a state of flux_ in so far as _Singapore_ is concerned
(see generally Andrew Phang Boon Leong & Goh Yihan, “Duress, Undue Influence
and Unconscionability” in ch 12 of _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Academy
Publishing, 2012) at paras 12.219–12.220).

102 In so far as the Appellant is suggesting that unconscionability as a
doctrine is equivalent to a general notion of unfairness, this is far too
radical an approach. In the local context, this court has recognised the
dangers of this approach in the context of restraining calls on performance
bonds in a building contract. Chao Hick Tin JA observed in _Eltraco
International Pte Ltd v CGH Development Pte Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 198 as
follows (at [30]):

The appellants would appear to suggest that based on this opinion, unfairness,
_per se_ , could constitute “unconscionability”. We do not think it
necessarily follows. Lai Kew Chai J said the concept of “unconscionability”
involves unfairness. We agree. That would be so. In every instance of
unconscionability there would be an element of unfairness. _But the reverse is
not necessarily true. It does not mean that in every instance where there is
unfairness it would amount to “unconscionability”_. [emphasis added]

103 Given the myriad circumstances in which the concept of unconscionability
is used to express the justification or conclusion of the tests and doctrines
applied, we are unable to find that unconscionability can be used as a “catch-
all” doctrine which grounds and determines the application of _unjust
enrichment_. Unconscionability is, at best, an overarching rationale which
attaches to equitable doctrines, _including_ (where applicable) that of unjust
enrichment (which, however, is a doctrine that is recognised in both common
law and equity); however, the two are not equivalent. Unjust enrichment has
acquired its own shape through the development in the case law, and contains
distinct elements which must be met before a claim in unjust enrichment can be
established.

104 In the seminal House of Lords decision on the subject, _Lipkin Gorman v
Karpnale Ltd_ [1991] 2 AC 548 (“ _Lipkin Gorman_ ”), Lord Templeman quoted
with approval (at 559) Lord Wright’s observations in the (also) House of Lords
decision of _Fibrosa Spolka Akcyjna v Fairbairn Lawson Combe Barbour Ltd_
[1943] AC 32 (at 61) that:

... any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what
has been called unjust enrichment or unjust benefit, that is to prevent a man
from retaining the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is
against conscience that he should keep.

105 This rather broad statement of principle was, however, circumscribed by
Lord Goff of Chiveley’s further observations, as follows (at 578):

I accept that the solicitors’ claim in the present case is founded upon the
unjust enrichment of the club, and can only succeed if, in accordance with the
principles of the law of restitution, the club was indeed unjustly enriched at
the expense of the solicitors. The claim for money had and received is not, as
I have previously mentioned, founded upon any wrong committed by the club
against the solicitors. But _it does not, in my opinion, follow that the court
has carte blanche to reject the solicitors’ claim simply because it thinks it
unfair or unjust in the circumstances to grant recovery. The recovery of money
in restitution is not, as a general rule, a matter of discretion for the
court._ A claim to recover money at common law is made as a matter of right;
and even though the underlying principle of recovery is the principle of
unjust enrichment, nevertheless, where recovery is denied, it is denied on the
basis of legal principle. [emphasis added]

106 _Lipkin Gorman_ thus does not suggest that unconscionability _per se_
forms the foundation of a claim in unjust enrichment. In a similar vein, in a
joint judgment, Gleeson CJ, Gummow, Callinan, Heydon and Crennan JJ observed,
in the leading High Court of Australia decision of _Farah Constructions Pty
Limited v Say-Dee Limited_ (2007) 230 CLR 89, thus (at [150]):

[W]hether enrichment is unjust is not determined by reference to a subjective
evaluation of what is unfair or unconscionable: recovery rather depends on the
existence of a qualifying or vitiating factor [_ie_ the unjust factor in
element [98(c)] above] falling into some particular category.

107 Prof Graham Virgo in his book, _The Principles of the Law of Restitution_
(2nd Ed, Oxford University Press, 2006) (“ _Virgo_ ”) (at pp 55–56, quoting
Ben Kremer, “The Action for Money Had and Received” (2001) 17 JCL 93 (at
107)), explored the reasons for this in similar terms to what we have
discussed in the preceding paragraphs:

“Unconscionability” is too uncertain to constitute a cause of action in its
own right or even operate as a unifying principle which can impose liability
clearly and predictably. Kremer’s assessment of the function of conscience is
particularly pertinent:

‘conscience’ is used as a concept to underlie and structure the operation of
an area of the law; it provides a generative, basal principle which is in turn
used to construct rules… It is those rules which are applied judicially in
determining a dispute. Conscience is thus not a determinant; it is a reference
concept, a purpose, which is used to generate determinants.

… The test of unconscionability requires a fundamentally different focus from
that of unjust enrichment, a focus which is inappropriate to personal
restitutionary claims. For a test of unconscionability focuses on the fault of
the defendant in not returning an enrichment and becomes a species of
wrongdoing. For the unjust enrichment principle on the other hand the focus on
the injustice of the defendant’s enrichment at the claimant’s expense, rather
than the state of the defendant’s conscience, emphasizes that questions of
fault are largely irrelevant to establish unjust enrichment.

108 A second closely related (and crucial) principle must be clarified before
we examine the various elements of unjust enrichment. It is immediately
apparent from the quotation in the preceding paragraph that a claim in unjust
enrichment is conceptually different from a fault-based claim focusing on the
unconscionable behaviour of _the recipient of the enrichment_ (here, if at
all, on the part of the Second Respondent). In our view, the crucial
distinction is this: in unjust enrichment, a claimant seeks recovery of the
enrichment on the basis that the _claimant_ should not be _deprived_ of the
benefit. In a fault-based claim, such as that of knowing receipt, a claimant
seeks recovery of the enrichment on the basis that the _recipient’s conscience
has been affected_ and he should be required to _account for the loss suffered
by the claimant or the gain that he has received from the commission of his
wrong_. We note, parenthetically, that there is the anomaly of free acceptance
as a potential unjust factor which requires the recipient to exercise a
positive choice not to reject the proffered benefit. _Goff & Jones_, the first
expositors (in the first edition) and strongest proponents of the concept of
“free acceptance” as an unjust factor, argue that free acceptance has a dual
function as both a test for enrichment and as an unjust factor (_ie_ , free
acceptance could either go to element [98(a)] or element [98(c)] as outlined
above). If free acceptance is merely a test for enrichment and not, as _Goff &
Jones_ argue, an unjust factor, then the ground for liability under unjust
enrichment must still be a separate, claimant-focused, factor. It is only
where free acceptance is an unjust factor that it does not fit readily within
the distinction between fault-based claims and a claimant-focused unjust
enrichment claim. Free acceptance as an unjust factor is not universally
accepted in the case law or academic literature. Even _Goff & Jones_ admit
(see _Goff & Jones_ at para 17-18) that the case law examining free acceptance
as a test for enrichment and free acceptance as an unjust factor makes “no
systematic distinction” between the two. Prof Andrew Burrows (“Prof Burrows”)
has argued strenuously that free acceptance is anomalistic and contrary to the
principled distinction outlined at the beginning of this paragraph. In free
acceptance, the claimant is the risk-taker who offers free services in the
hope that the recipient would pay. Prof Burrows argues that on “any common
sense view there would be no injustice in [the recipient] not paying a risk-
taker… the plaintiff’s risk-taking cancels out any shabbiness in [the
recipient’s] free acceptance” (see A S Burrows, “Free Acceptance and the Law
of Restitution” (1988) 104 LQR 576 at 578). Both _Virgo_ and Prof Burrows,
_The Law of Restitution_ (3rd Ed, Oxford University Press, 2011) (“ _Burrows_
”) observe that many of the cases involving free acceptance as purportedly an
unjust factor may also be adequately explained by other unjust factors and in
particular the unjust factor of failure of consideration, such that it would
be difficult to say with certainty that free acceptance was being used as the
_basis_ for liability in those unjust enrichment claims and not merely used as
a test for enrichment (see _Virgo_ at pp 82–83 and _Burrows_ at pp 338–339).
_Virgo_ went on (at pp 82–83) to observe that “[t]he preferable view … is that
there is no role for free acceptance as a ground of restitution in its own
right, since the doctrine of failure of consideration adequately does the work
which it is thought can be done by free acceptance and without incorporating
any element of fault”. We make no pronouncement on whether free acceptance
should be an unjust factor or independent test of enrichment as this matter
has not arisen squarely for our consideration in the present case. We do note,
however, the academic controversy surrounding its acceptance into the list of
unjust factors and we do not regard the concept of free acceptance as
detracting in any way from the general proposition that unjust enrichment is
claimant-focused and claimant-motivated, and is distinct from fault-based
claims. Even if there are exceptions to this general rubric, the present case
is _not_ one of free acceptance or one approaching free acceptance, and
therefore falls within the more _general_ rules of an unjust enrichment regime
focusing on the claimant’s loss or deprivation and not on any fault of the
recipient.

109 The fact that unjust enrichment focuses on the claimant’s loss or
deprivation and not on any fault of the recipient explains why an unjust
enrichment claim may be generally characterised as a claim based on _strict
liability at common law_ (subject to the defences of change of position and,
possibly, _bona fide_ purchase as well). Bearing this distinction in mind, we
now turn to the Judge’s characterisation of the Appellant’s unjust enrichment
claim in the court below. The Judge _perceived_ the Appellant’s _claim_ in
_unjust enrichment_ (see the Judgment at [128]) thus:

To succeed in her claim against the second defendant in unjust enrichment and
consequently for restitution, the plaintiff must show that the second
defendant _was a party to or knew of the fraudulent conduct of the deceased_**
_or_** _, that there [was] such a want of probity on the part of the second
defendant that it would be_** _unconscionable_** _for the latter to retain the
assets that the deceased placed into the two BNP Trusts_ (see _Comboni
Vincenzo & Anor v Shankar’s Emporium (Pte) Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 1020 _cited by
both the plaintiff and the second defendant_). [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

110 With respect, and in light of the important distinction made above (at
[109]), we do not agree with the Judge’s characterisation of the Appellant’s
unjust enrichment claim. Most crucially, it approaches the matter from the
perspective of the recipient (here, the Second Respondent) and thus misses the
nub of the unjust enrichment claim by recasting the elements in terms of a
claim for knowing receipt of trust property. _Unlike_ a claim in unjust
enrichment which focuses on the _claimant_ , a claim under the doctrine of
knowing receipt focuses on the _recipient or defendant_ and is _fault-based_.
In this regard, it is now well established that, in order to succeed in a
claim under the doctrine of knowing receipt, the claimant must prove that the
recipient (here, the Second Respondent) had received the property concerned
(here, the trust monies) in a situation where it was _unconscionable_ to do so
(see, especially, the decision of this court in _George Raymond Zage III and
another v Ho Chi Kwong and another_ [2010] 2 SLR 589 (“ _George Raymond Zage_
”) (at [32]), which was applied (also by this court) in _Yong Kheng Leong and
another v Panweld Trading Pte Ltd and another_ [2013] 1 SLR 173 (at [81]); and
see, to like effect in the context of Hong Kong, the Court of Final Appeal
decision of _Thanakharn Kasikorn Thai Chamkat (Mahachon) v Akai Holdings Ltd
(No 2)_ (2010) 13 HKCFAR 479 at [134]). It is at this juncture that we should
also note the Appellant’s argument that the claim in unconscionability arises
_from the point that this claim was brought_ and not at the time of transfer.
With respect, there is nothing in the case law which supports this position.
In any case, the fact remains that the Appellant’s claim still attributes some
form of knowledge on the part of the recipient (here, the Second Respondent)
touching his or her conscience; this argument does not rehabilitate her case
within the rubric of a strict liability, claimant-focused unjust enrichment
paradigm. We will have occasion to return to these observations in our
discussion of element (c) (below at [139]). Suffice it for the moment to state
that the characterisation of the unjust enrichment claim is a matter of
crucial importance and, with respect, is an important reason why we cannot
agree with the Judge’s findings in relation to the Appellant’s unjust
enrichment claim. It bears reiterating at this point that given our decision
on the issue of fraudulent misrepresentation, the observations that we make
are not essential so far as the present appeal is concerned and a definitive
solution to these thorny issues would only need to be laid down when such
matters arise squarely for determination by this court on a future occasion.

111 With these two important preliminary principles in mind, we now turn to
briefly consider the various elements (above at [98]) before proceeding to
consider whether the claim in unjust enrichment has been established on the
facts of the present appeal.

Benefit at the expense of the claimant

112 We first consider the applicable principles in relation to the preliminary
elements (_viz_ , elements (a) and (b) referred to above (at [98])). To
establish a claim in unjust enrichment, the claimant must demonstrate that the
defendant had received a _benefit_ at _the expense of_ the claimant. The
benefit requirement does not present any difficulties where the enrichment is
monetary in nature, as is the case in the present appeal. However, the rule
that the benefit must have been at the expense of the claimant is less
straightforward in a situation involving multiple parties, especially where
the defendant is not the immediate recipient of the benefit from the claimant.
Explaining this rule, _Goff & Jones_ observe as follows (at para 1-15):

This rule reflects the principle that the law of unjust enrichment is not
concerned with the disgorgement of gains by defendants, nor the compensation
for losses sustained by claimants, but with the reversal of transfers of value
between claimants and defendants.

113 This may be described, alternatively, as the requirement of a nexus
between the value that was once attributable to the claimant and the benefit
received by the defendant, _ie_ , the defendant has received a benefit from a
subtraction of the claimant’s assets. It has been said that unjust enrichment
can only take place in the context of “direct transfers”, although the meaning
of “direct transfer” has been extended to three-party cases where the transfer
of the benefit from the claimant to the defendant is not immediate and
exceptions are recognised in the form of “indirect transfers” (see _Goff &
Jones_ at para 6-18). In particular, the courts have generally allowed
recovery in a three-party “indirect transfer” situation where the claimant
transferor can trace his money into the pocket of the eventual defendant
transferee although the money has passed through the hands of intermediate
recipients. In _Lipkin Gorman_ , the plaintiff firm of solicitors was claiming
a right to the monies in the defendant casino’s account. A partner, Cass, in
the plaintiff firm had withdrawn cash from the plaintiff’s client account
without the plaintiff’s knowledge and gambled it away at the defendant casino.
The defendant casino was thus one step removed from the plaintiff firm and the
plaintiff sought restitution from the defendant casino as an indirect
recipient. Lord Goff characterised (at 572) the plaintiff’s claim in unjust
enrichment as a personal claim; “it _[was] not a proprietary claim_ , advanced
on the basis that money remaining in the hands of the respondents is _their
property_ ” [emphasis added]. His Lordship went on to discuss (at 574) how the
plaintiff’s right to its monies in the bank (_ie_ , the debt owed by the bank
to the plaintiff) was a _chose in action_ and hence in the nature of legal
property which could be traced into its product, the cash which had been drawn
by Cass from the client account and paid to the defendant casino. _Burrows_ ,
commenting on _Lipkin Gorman_ , interpreted the case thus (at p 413):

The House of Lords recognised that, as personal restitution was sought here
from an indirect recipient, it was necessary to show that the money paid by
the third party (Cass) was the claimant’s.

114 Although Lord Goff stated expressly that the plaintiff firm was only
seeking a personal remedy in order to recover the money from the third party
defendant casino, the plaintiff had to “establish a basis on which he [was]
_entitled to the money_ ” (see _Lipkin Gorman_ at 572) [emphasis added]. The
Appellant has argued that there is nothing in law which requires the claimant
to have a _proprietary_ claim. With respect, the Appellant has conflated an
evidential requirement with a legal one. Whilst there is robust academic
debate over whether the decision in _Lipkin Gorman_ was premised on the
vindication of the claimant’s subsisting proprietary rights or unjust
enrichment (see _Virgo_ at pp 570–571; _cf Burrows_ at pp 413–415), the
proprietary _link_ from tracing for the narrow purposes of establishing this
particular element – as distinct from a proprietary or title-based _claim_ –
identifies that what is (or once was) in the hands of the defendant once
_belonged to the claimant_ and that there was value flowing from the claimant
to the defendant. The tracing exercise serves an evidential function; it does
not, in and of itself, establish a cause of action or remedy (see, for
example, the decision of this court in _Caltong (Australia) Pty Ltd (formerly
known as Tong Tien See Holding (Australia) Pty Ltd) and another v Tong Tien
See Construction Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and another appeal_ [2002] 2 SLR(R)
94 at [53], citing with approval Lord Millett’s decision in _Foskett v
McKeown_ [2001] 1 AC 102). In a similar vein, _Burrows_ comments (at p 69)
that “the third party issue therefore relates _purely to the cause of action_
of unjust enrichment” [emphasis added].

115 In our view, there are two interpretations of the basis for this element:

(a) The defendant received an immediate benefit from the claimant,
establishing a direct personal link; or

(b) The defendant received a benefit traceable from the claimant’s assets,
establishing an indirect link through the value in the defendant’s hands that
once belonged to the claimant.

116 Both these interpretations would create a nexus between the parties
satisfying the “at the expense of” requirement, either because the monies
could be traced into the pocket of the defendant or because there is a direct
_in personam_ transfer between the parties.

117 The late Prof Peter Birks (“Prof Birks”) has attempted to argue (from the
perspective of an indirect link) that a claimant in the Appellant’s position
may be able to establish a nexus by what he calls the theory of interceptive
subtraction. An interceptive subtraction arises where assets are “on their
way, in fact or law, to the claimant when the defendant intercepted them” but
“are never reduced to the ownership or possession of the claimant” (see Peter
Birks, _Unjust Enrichment_ (2nd Ed, Oxford University Press, 2005) (“ _Birks_
”) at p 75). In such a situation, the benefit would have accrued to the
claimant but for the defendant’s interceptive receipt. It is as though the
defendant had taken wealth directly from the claimant’s purse. It may be
argued that this is the situation here: the monies were on their way to the
Appellant, who was entitled to ask for division, but had been intercepted by
the Second Respondent.

118 We should note at the outset that Prof Birks appears to be alone in
adopting this interpretation of the case law. As Prof Lionel D Smith (“Prof
Smith”) argued in “Three-Party Restitution: A critique of Birks’s Theory of
Interceptive Subtraction” (1991) 11 OJLS 481 (at 488) (“ _Smith_ ”), in the
general case of personal claims to money which has been intercepted, there has
been no subtraction from the plaintiff at all as subtraction is a zero-sum
game and the plaintiff’s original claim to the intercepted money still
persists; “the plaintiff has suffered no expense, and so one of the basic
elements of a restitutionary claim is absent”.

119 The very notion of “subtraction” assumes that there must have been
something to be subtracted from. This would require the claimant (here, the
Appellant) to assert a definitive claim to the assets which found their way
into the recipient’s (here, the Second Respondent) hands and the requirement
of certainty of the claimant otherwise receiving the wealth in question is
critical. Prof Birks’s own explanation of interceptive subtraction is as
follows (see Peter Birks, _An Introduction to the Law of Restitution_ (Oxford
University Press, 1989, Rev Ed (“ _Birks’s Introduction_ ”) at pp 133-134):

If the wealth in question would _certainly_ have arrived in the plaintiff if
it had not been intercepted by the defendant _en route_ from the third party,
it is true to say that the plaintiff has lost by the defendant’s gain…

The _certainty_ that the plaintiff would have received the wealth in question
does genuinely indicate that he became poorer by the sum in which the
defendant was enriched.

[emphasis added]

120 Prof Smith, criticising Prof Birks’s use of the requirement of certainty,
points out that (see _Smith_ at 486):

Birks does not tell us precisely what he means when he talks of certainty. As
will be shown below, several possible interpretations exist, and Birks does
not choose one unequivocally. In fact, there is some circularity in the way in
which Birks presents his theory. Rather than specifying the meaning of the
certainty requirement, he gives as examples of its fulfilment the very cases
which the theory is supposed to explain. Thus, his theory is not given an
existence independent from that of the cases which it purports to explain.

121 Prof Steve Hedley, in _A Critical Introduction to Restitution_
(Butterworths, 2001), commenting on the certain expectation of receipt in the
context of reasonable expectation of payment, opined thus (at p 33):

It is not enough that, from the claimant’s point of view, payment by the
defendant seemed like a possibility. He or she must have had reasonable
grounds for expecting it, indeed for _demanding_ it was a **_legal entitlement
which they have earned_**. Where the claimant reasonably believes that there
is a contract, or that there certainly soon would be, then this requirement is
usually satisfied. [emphasis added in bold italics]

122 In a similar vein and in the context of multi-party situations in unjust
enrichment, James Edelman & Elise Bant, _Unjust Enrichment in Australia_
(Oxford University Press, 2006) (“ _Edelman & Bant_”), comment (at p 126) that
the problem with Prof Birks’s theory is _not_ that the enrichment has not come
personally from the plaintiff but that the link that Prof Birks seeks to
establish between the enrichment and the loss is “only a causal link to the
assets of the beneficiaries, not to their property rights”. _Edelman & Bant_
go on to make the following pertinent observations (at p 127):

**_The key restriction in these impoverishment cases is therefore that the
enrichment of the defendant [here, the Second Respondent] must come directly
from the plaintiff’s [here, the Appellant’s] assets_**. A case like _Re
Diplock_ (where the assumed legal entitlement of the next of kin sufficed to
say that the payment to the charities was directly from their assets)
contrasts with a case such as _In Re BHT (UK) Ltd_. In the _BHT_ case,
receivers of a company considered that a charge over book debts was a fixed
charge, and paid the charge holder ahead of other preferential creditors. The
liquidator sought directions whether (1) the charge was fixed or floating; and
(2) if it was a floating charge, whether the charge holder was required to
repay the money to the company so that it could be distributed to the
preferential creditors. Judge Garnett QC, deciding the second question as a
preliminary issue, held that the charge holder was not required to repay the
money because the charge holder would not have been enriched at the company’s
expense. Although the other preferential creditors ranked higher in the
insolvency, the floating charge holder’s rights over the book debts had
_crystallised at the time of liquidation_. The company no longer had any right
to the book debts and would _never have been_** _entitled_** _to receive_ any
part of the book debt realisations. Therefore, the distribution was not from
the assets of the company. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

123 The words “on the way” imply that the passing of hands was the last step
in the chain of legal entitlement which the claimant would be entitled to
demand. It is at this last step that interception is made on Prof Birks’s
theory of interceptive subtraction. We thus note that even on Prof Birks’s
theory of interceptive subtraction, certainty is still required. In our
tentative view, the preferable position is that the claimant must show some
form of _legal (and not merely factual) entitlement_ to the property which is
received by the recipient. However, until such issue arises squarely for
determination by this court and we have had the benefit of hearing full
arguments from parties, we do not take a definitive position.

124 _Goff & Jones_ have provided a third account of what this “nexus” could
consist of. They argue that what is required is a “but for” causal connection
between the claimant’s loss and the recipient’s gain, “and a transfer of value
can be found even where D gains and C suffers a subtraction from his wealth as
a consequence of two separate events or transactions that are themselves
joined by a ‘but for’ causal connection” (see _Goff & Jones_ at para 6-27).
_Goff & Jones_ examined this causal connection in four situations: (1) the
discharge of another’s debt; (2) contracts for provision of services; (3)
sequential transfers; and (4) interceptive subtractions. _Goff & Jones_ admit
that this is _their explanation_ of what is happening; the courts themselves
have not used this interpretation in arriving at their decisions. In any
event, we do not see why these situations cannot be explained as a transfer of
value from the claimant to the defendant. In the discharge of another’s debt,
the defendant gains a benefit or more accurately, a credit, from a release of
liability. The source of this credit is a debit on the claimant’s account
where the claimant has made a payment to the third party _on the defendant’s
behalf_. In other words, the credit that the defendant now gains has been
taken from the assets of the claimant and in this sense he has received a
benefit at the claimant’s expense, notwithstanding that there has been no
payment from the claimant to the defendant. With respect, we do not see how
the traditional analysis is inadequate to explain this case. The claimant has
no problem showing that the payment out came from his assets, which he
otherwise would have been entitled to at the point of and prior to the
transfer.

125 Similarly, in the case of contracts for provision of services, the
claimant provides services of value to the defendant _via_ a third party
agent. The defendant is liable to pay the third party agent, but the debt is,
in fact, owed to the claimant who is the ultimate provider of the services.
The value thus _moves from the claimant_ and the claimant does not face any
obstacles showing that he has an entitlement to the value of his services. In
our view, Prof Burrows provides a more convincing and straightforward
explanation for such transactions. He explains (at p 77):

Let us assume that, applying the normal principles of the law of agency
governing the creation of agency and an agent’s authority, [the third party]
is [the claimant]’s agent in rendering a benefit to [the defendant]. It
appears that [the claimant] (the principal), as well as [the third party] (the
agent), will be entitled to restitution from [the defendant] where that
enrichment is unjust. As regards [the claimant]’s right to restitution, this
is so even though the benefit has been directly provided to [the defendant] by
[the third party]. This is therefore an exception to the ‘direct providers
only’ general rule and is justified _because the agency relationship between
[the third party] and [the claimant] means that the two cannot be treated as
if separate_. [emphasis added]

126 The third category of sequential transfers deals with the case where the
claimant confers a benefit on the third party which is then given to the
defendant. Alternatively, the third party confers a benefit on the defendant
which it claims from the claimant. _Goff & Jones_ identify three types of such
cases. The first is where the payment or receipt of money is by an agent, and
the second is where transactional links satisfy the law’s rules on following
and tracing. Both these categories easily fit within the traditional analysis,
where a benefit has been conferred on the defendant _out of the assets of the
claimant_ , or out of _assets to which the claimant has an entitlement_. In
the second category, the proprietary link is _even stronger_ than where a
simple transfer of value has been made. The third category _Goff & Jones_
identify is the happening of other causally connected events. We note,
however, that the examples provided for the third category (see _Goff & Jones_
at paras 6-48–6-51) can also be explained by reference to the fact that
property belonging to the claimant had passed to the defendant. For example,
in _Agip (Africa) Ltd v Jackson_ [1990] 1 Ch 265 (“ _Agip_ ”), a fraudulent
employee of Agip, the claimant company, had caused money to be wrongfully paid
out of the claimant’s bank account to the defendant company. The defendant’s
argument was that because the bank had no authority to pay out the monies in
question, the bank was in effect paying out its own money. The English Court
of Appeal, affirming the English High Court decision of _Agip_ in _Agip
(Africa) Ltd v Jackson_ [1991] Ch 547, found that this was a technical
argument which should be rejected as, for all intents and purposes, the money
paid out belonged to the claimant company. The _ratio decidendi_ of the case
(at pp 561–562) could not be clearer:

It does not advance the matter to say that the Banque du Sud had no mandate
from Agip to make the payment at Agip’s expense. What actually happened was
that Banque du Sud did so. Moreover, when Agip sued Banque du Sud in the
Tunisian courts - and I take it that Tunisian law was the proper law of the
banking relationship between Agip and Banque du Sud - to have its account re-
credited, it failed to obtain that relief. In those circumstances, to regard
Agip as not having paid Baker Oil is highly unreal. Banque du Sud had no
intention of paying with its own money. The substance of its intention, which
it achieved, was to pay with Agip’s money. The order, after all, was an order
to pay with Agip’s money. I agree, therefore, with the view of Millett J.
[1990] Ch. 265, 283 H that “the fact remains that the Banque du Sud paid out
the plaintiffs' money and not its own.” If Banque du Sud paid away Agip’s
money, Agip itself must be entitled to pursue such remedies as there may be
for its recovery. The money was certainly paid under a mistake of fact.

We do not see why the analysis of “but for” causation was necessary in this
case as the court simply found that the assets which were received by the
defendant came from monies which were part of the assets of the claimant
company or to which the claimant company was legally entitled. Taken from the
claimant’s point of view, there is no question that the benefit to the
defendant was at its expense.

127 The same analysis applies to interceptive subtractions. We have already
observed (above at [119]–[123]) that interceptive subtractions do not do away
with the need for a nexus to the claimant’s assets. Such a nexus may be
established by showing legal entitlement (see above at [123]). This is not
simply a causal link; it still requires the claimant to show that he had, at
the time of the transaction, a right to the monies before they were
transferred. As Prof Burrows has observed (see _Burrows_ at p 65):

[I]t is not sufficient to say that a defendant’s gain is at the expense of the
claimant merely because there is a ‘but for’ causal link between the
defendant’s gain and the subtraction from the claimant. _As a matter of
principle, to apply a mere causal test would extend the ambit of unjust
enrichment too far_. So, for example, in _Sempra Metals v IRC_ , it was
accepted by the House of Lords that the claimant could not have recovered
profits that the defendants might have made from the use of the mistakenly
paid advanced corporation tax. Such profits could not have been recovered in a
claim for restitution of an unjust enrichment (rather than in a claim for
restitution for a wrong); and the best explanation for this is that such
profits, albeit causally linked to the subtraction from the claimant, would
not have been gained ‘at the expense of’ the claimant.[emphasis added]

128 The requirement that the benefit is given to the recipient “at the expense
of” the claimant is therefore not a _carte blanche_ to substitute any sort of
connection, causal or otherwise, between the gain and the loss. It refers
specifically to the requirement that the claimant (here, the Appellant), must
prove that she had lost a benefit _to which she is legally entitled or which
forms part of her assets_ and which is reflected in the recipient’s gain,
regardless of whether that gain is one of traceable property or of a transfer
of value.

Unjust factor

129 We should note – but only briefly as well as parenthetically – that there
is an ongoing debate as to whether one should adopt the “unjust factors”
approach or the “absence of basis” approach after Prof Birks advocated a
structural change in the English common law approach from the former to the
latter (see generally _Birks_ , especially at pp 102–108). However, the
“absence of basis” approach has (understandably, given its relatively recent
arrival on the legal landscape and notwithstanding Prof Birks’s justifiable
pre-eminence within the discipline itself) yet to take root within the common
law of restitution and unjust enrichment, and has generally appeared not, as
yet, to have found favour amongst scholars in this particular field of law
(see, for example, _Goff & Jones_ at paras 1-18–1-22 and _Burrows_ at ch 5).
Given what we perceive to be the present state of the law of restitution and
unjust enrichment, we will proceed on the assumption that the “unjust factors”
approach applies, as recently endorsed by this court in _Skandinaviska
Enskilda_.

130 We have already observed that unjust enrichment is not based on a general
notion of unconscionability or unjustness. It follows that the crucial
question of whether the enrichment is unjust is circumscribed by the
traditional common law rules. Lord Hoffmann observed in the House of Lords
decision of _Deutsche Morgan Grenfell Group Plc v Inland Revenue
Commissioners_ [2007] 1 AC 558, as follows (at [21]):

… unlike civilian systems, English law has no general principle that to retain
money paid without any legal basis (such as debt, gift, compromise, etc) is
unjust enrichment. In the Woolwich case [1993] AC 70 , 172 Lord Goff said that
English law might have developed so as to recognise such a general principle-
the _condictio indebiti_ of civilian law-but had not done so. In England, _the
claimant has to prove that the circumstances in which the payment was made
come within one of the categories which the law recognizes as sufficient to
make retention by the recipient unjust_. [emphasis added]

131 The case Lord Hoffmann referred to, the House of Lords decision of
_Woolwich Equitable Building Society v Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [1993] AC
70 (“ _Woolwich_ ”), concerned a claim for the repayment of overpaid tax. The
claimant was attempting to establish an obligation on the part of the Inland
Revenue Commissioners to repay the tax exacted without lawful authority on the
basis that the Inland Revenue Commissioners had been unjustly enriched at the
time the payment for tax was made. Lord Goff laid out (at 164–165) four
situations where monies paid out would be recoverable under the law of unjust
enrichment. These situations included (1) money paid under mistake of fact,
(2) money paid under compulsion and in particular, as a result of actual or
threatened duress to a person or actual or threatened seizure of a person’s
goods, (3) money paid to a person in a public or quasi-public position to
obtain the performance by him of a duty which he is bound to perform for
nothing or for less than the sum demanded by him, and (4) money paid to a
person for performance of a statutory duty which he is bound to perform for a
sum less than that charged by him. _Woolwich_ was an instance of a “public
policy” motivated unjust factor (as distinct from the present appeal), but it
suffices for present purposes to note that the analysis in _Woolwich_
proceeded on the basis that recovery of the overpaid tax had to be founded on
some _unjust factor_ , and the claimant could not rely on a universal
principle that it was unconscionable for the tax authority to retain the
monies.

132 This list of “unjust factors” has been catalogued in academic treatises.
_Burrows_ , for example, summarised the unjust factors as follows (at p 86):

As regards the cause of action of unjust enrichment, the main unjust factors
can be listed as follows: mistake, duress, undue influence, exploitation of
weakness, human incapacity, failure of consideration, ignorance, legal
compulsion, necessity, illegality and public authority ultra vires exaction
and payment.

133 _Goff & Jones_ summarised them as follows (at para 1-22):

Lack of consent and want of authority; mistake; duress; undue influence;
failure of basis; necessity; secondary liability; _ultra vires_ receipts and
payments by public bodies; legal incapacity; illegality; and money paid
pursuant to a judgment that is later reversed.

134 It is important to reiterate that there is no freestanding claim in unjust
enrichment on the abstract basis that it is “unjust” for the defendant to
retain the benefit – there must be a particular recognised unjust factor or
event which gives rise to a claim. The following observations by Prof Birks in
a seminal article are, in this regard, apposite (see Peter Birks, “The English
recognition of unjust enrichment” [1991] LMCLQ 473 (at 482)):

“Unjust” is the generalization of all the factors which the law recognizes as
calling for restitution. Hence, at the lower level of generality the plaintiff
must put his finger on a specific ground for restitution, a circumstance
recognized as rendering the defendant’s enrichment “unjust” and therefore
reversible.

135 The Appellant has not pointed to any specific unjust factor underlying her
claim in unjust enrichment. The Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) pleaded
(at para 37(d)):

The enrichment was unjust in that the assets settled by NHS into the BNP
Trusts were effected at the expense of the Plaintiff in respect of that part
of the assets of the BNP Trusts which the Plaintiff would have been entitled
to had she applied for a division of matrimonial assets pursuant to Section
112 of the Women’s Charter.

136 The Appellant’s claim is simply an assertion that the trust (and therefore
the Second Respondent as a trustee) received monies which the Appellant would
have been entitled to and that it would be “unjust” for the Second Respondent
to keep these monies. With respect, there is no support for this argument in
law. Borrowing the words of Mann J in the English High Court decision of _Uren
v First National Home Finance Ltd_ [2005] EWHC 2529 (Ch) (at [18]), “the claim
fails because it does not plead facts which are capable of bringing the case
within one of the established restitutionary claims or some justifiable
extension of them”. As _Goff & Jones_ have explained (at para 1-23):

A claimant must be able to point to _a_** _ground of recovery_** _that is
established by past authority, or at least is justifiable by a process of
principled analogical reasoning from past authority_. “As yet there is in
English law **_no general rule_** _giving the plaintiff a right of recovery
from a defendant who has been unjustly enriched at the plaintiff’s expense_ ”,
and the courts’ jurisdiction to order restitution on the ground of unjust
enrichment is subject “to the binding authority of previous decisions”: they
**_do not have “a discretionary power to order repayment whenever it seems …
just and equitable to do so”._**_Claims in unjust enrichment must be pleaded
by bringing them “within or close to some_** _established category or factual
recovery situation_** _”._ [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

137 This is not to state that there were no possible arguments in relation to
the unjust factor available with regard to the claim in unjust enrichment, but
these were not canvassed before us. As alluded to above (at [135]), the
Appellant appeared – in _the court below_ – to have premised her claim on the
argument that the Second Respondent had been _unjustly enriched_. This, as we
have noted, is a claim based on _strict liability_ at _common law_ (subject to
the defence of change of position (and, possibly, _bona fide_ purchase as
well)). In the crucial passage in the Judgment underlying the Judge’s
reasoning (cited above at [109]), the Judge perceived the Appellant’s claim as
one for _restitution of unjust enrichment_ but focused on the defendant’s
participation in or knowledge of fraudulent conduct or want of probity.

138 With respect, however, the Judge appears to have attached the label of
unjust enrichment to the elements of a _distinct and separate_ claim in equity
for _knowing receipt_. The citation of the Singapore High Court decision of
_Comboni Vincenzo and another v Shankar’s Emporium (Pte) Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R)
1020 (“ _Comboni_ ”) is perhaps unfortunate. As has been perceptively pointed
out by two leading experts (both of whom are well-known locally as well as
internationally) in the fields of both unjust enrichment and equity, _Comboni
conflated_ two _disparate causes of action_ (see Yeo Tiong Min, “Restitution”
(2007) 8 SAL Ann Rev 364 at 377–381 and Tang Hang Wu, “The Constructive Trust
in Singapore – Five Persistent Puzzles” (2010) 22 SAcLJ 136 at 138 and
(especially) 144–147). The conflation in _Comboni_ related to a claim under
the doctrine of knowing receipt and a claim for an RCT; by combining both
claims under a single analytical framework, the judge in _Comboni_ (perhaps
due in part to the terminological confusion that has bedevilled this area of
equity) did not distinguish between a personal claim for liability to account
and a proprietary claim. Unfortunately, it appears, with respect, that the
Judge in the present case has, in stating the issue in the way she did, also
effected a _conflation_ (albeit of a somewhat different nature). Two doctrines
are apparently referred to in the passage of the Judgment cited (above at
[109]). The first centres on a claim in _unjust enrichment_ (which, as noted,
is a claim based on _strict liability_ at _common law_). In analysing the
elements for a claim in unjust enrichment, the Judge appears to have elided
this with a second doctrine, _viz_ , the equitable doctrine of knowing receipt
of trust property (which centres, in turn, on the criterion of whether the
recipient’s _state of knowledge_ is such that it would be unconscionable for
him to retain the property). The question that arises from the Judge’s
analysis is this: Notwithstanding the fact that the _doctrine_ of knowing
receipt is _itself_ an _independent cause of action under equity_ , was the
Judge correct to regard this doctrine as a form of unjust enrichment or can
the concept of knowing receipt be shaped to constitute _an unjust factor upon
which liability for unjust enrichment_ (at _common law_) can be premised?

139 With respect, we state at the outset that the Judge’s analysis cannot, as
a matter of _conceptual consistency_ , be correct. In short, if the Judge
accepted that it was necessary to establish a want of probity on the part of
the recipient such that it was unconscionable for him to retain the benefit,
this cannot _ex hypothesi_ be a _strict liability_ claim under unjust
enrichment. The equitable fault-based doctrine of knowing receipt (as
currently understood) therefore cannot at once be part of the law of unjust
enrichment and yet premise the imposition of legal liability on the
disapprobation of the defendant’s conduct. The Judge’s analysis nevertheless
raises a more subtle issue that has been the subject of much robust academic
debate on a normative level: can or should the concept of knowing receipt be
reworked into a claim in unjust enrichment by the fact of receipt
_simpliciter_? The academic debate over the relationship between knowing
receipt and unjust enrichment stems from what is commonly viewed as an
anomalous asymmetry between the third party’s liability for receipt of
property at common law and in equity. The former common law claim appears, on
the authority of _Lipkin Gorman_ , to be governed by the law of unjust
enrichment, whereby the receipt of traceable property suffices to ground
liability (subject to defences to an unjust enrichment claim). The cases
imposing strict liability at common law for the receipt of a benefit have
often been analysed _ex post facto_ by commentators on the basis of the unjust
factor of ignorance (see _Birks’s Introduction_ at pp 140–146 and _Burrows_ at
ch 16) or lack of consent (see, generally, _Goff & Jones_ at ch 8); it has
been argued that if mistake (vitiation of consent) or failure of consideration
(qualification of consent) can constitute unjust factors, the same conceptual
justification must apply _a fortiori_ where there is no consent. We should
note, however, that there is _no_ authority that has expressly acknowledged
the unjust factor of ignorance or lack of consent (see also below at [166]),
and we do not express any conclusive opinion as to whether both fall within
the present catalogue of unjust factors. The latter equitable claim is, on the
present state of the law, confined to a claim under the equitable doctrine of
knowing receipt, with the additional necessary element of a state of knowledge
that renders it unconscionable for the defendant recipient to retain the
benefit.

140 There are three possible approaches in structuring the legal regime of
liability for _receipt_ of a benefit. The _equitable_ doctrine of knowing
receipt may be _subsumed_ under the _common law_ doctrine of unjust
enrichment, discarding any inquiry into the fault of the recipient.
_Alternatively_ , one could _confine third party liability for receipt to the
equitable sphere only_ – in which case the equitable doctrine of knowing
receipt that lies in the sphere of wrongs would be the only remedy, without a
cause of action in _unjust enrichment for receipt per se_. There are strong
proponents of _both_ views (the literature, as might be expected, is vast and
even passionate, but will not be rehearsed within the more modest confines of
the present judgment). Indeed, there appears to be yet a _third_ view which
Prof Birks himself has accepted after retreating from his earlier position
that liability for knowing receipt should be analysed from the lens of unjust
enrichment (see Peter Birks, “Misdirected Funds – Restitution from the
Recipient” [1989] LMCLQ 296) – that _both_ the aforementioned approaches can
subsist _simultaneously_ as possible alternatives (see, for example (and
amongst many other writings by this prolific author), Peter Birks, “Receipt”
in ch 7 of _Breach of Trust_ (Peter Birks & Arianna Pretto gen eds) (Hart
Publishing, 2002) (“ _Birks’s Receipt_ ”) at pp 223–225). The reason for this
(third) alternative (at least in so far as Prof Birks is concerned) is
nevertheless clear; in his words (_ibid_ at pp 223–224):

Although I have myself strenuously argued that “knowing receipt” should be
regarded as a claim in unjust enrichment, and should therefore discard the
incongruous requirement of fault implicit in the word “knowing”, _the courts
appear to have set their face against that view. It now seems right to abandon
that analysis once and for all. It was a mistake to insist that “knowing
receipt” was simply a species of unjust enrichment which had been slow to
understand itself and, in particular, slow to understand that liability in
unjust enrichment is strict though subject to defences._

The better way of proceeding is to accept that the ambiguities and
uncertainties in the case law of knowing receipt arise from its _having failed
to distinguish between two very different kinds of liability, one wrong-based
and the other based on unjust enrichment_. The task is then, not to force
“knowing receipt” into one or other category, but to demonstrate that both
kinds of liability are necessary and that neither renders the other redundant.

[emphasis added]

141 While we would not (at least in the absence of full argument) take the
firm position that both forms of liability are necessarily logically opposed
or incompatible, this last-mentioned approach is not without problems.
However, what _is_ clear (as Prof Birks himself concedes in the above
quotation) is that the existing case law does appear to militate against the
adoption of the approach from unjust enrichment _only_. That this is so is
exemplified by decisions such as those of the English Court of Appeal in _Bank
of Credit and Commerce International (Overseas) Ltd v Akindele_ [2001] Ch 437
(“ _Akindele_ ”), where Nourse LJ (with whom Ward and Sedley LJJ agreed) was
of the view (cited, in fact, by Prof Birks in _Birks’s Receipt_ at p 224) that
the strict liability regime pursuant to an approach from unjust enrichment is
commercially unworkable; in the learned judge’s view (at 455–456; reference
may also be made to the more recent (also) English Court of Appeal decision of
_Charter Plc v City Index Ltd_ [2008] Ch 313 at [7]–[8] as well as to Susan
Barkehall Thomas, “‘Goodbye’ Knowing Receipt. ‘Hello’ Unconscientious Receipt”
(2001) 21 OJLS 239):

We were referred in argument to “Knowing Receipt: The Need for a New
Landmark”, an essay by Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead in _Restitution Past,
Present and Future_ (1998) p 231, a work of insight and scholarship taking
forward the writings of academic authors, in particular those of Professor
Birks, Professor Burrows and Professor Gareth Jones. It is impossible to do
justice to such a work within the compass of a judgment such as this. Most
pertinent for present purposes is the suggestion made by Lord Nicholls, at p
238, in reference to the decision of the House of Lords in _Lipkin Gorman v
Karpnale Ltd_ [1991] 2 AC 548:

“In this respect equity should now follow the law. Restitutionary liability,
applicable regardless of fault but subject to a defence of change of position,
would be a better-tailored response to the underlying mischief of misapplied
property than personal liability which is exclusively fault-based. Personal
liability would flow from having received the property of another, from having
been unjustly enriched at the expense of another. It would be triggered by the
mere fact of receipt, thus recognising the endurance of property rights. But
fairness would be ensured by the need to identify a gain, and by making change
of position available as a defence in suitable cases when, for instance, the
recipient had changed his position in reliance on the receipt.”

Lord Nicholls goes on to examine the _In re Diplock_ [1948] Ch 465 principle,
suggesting, at p 241, that it could be reshaped by being extended to all
trusts but in a form modified to take proper account of the decision in
_Lipkin Gorman v Karpnale Ltd_ [1991] 2 AC 548.

No argument before us was based on the suggestions made in Lord Nicholls’s
essay. Indeed, at this level of decision, it would have been a fruitless
exercise. We must continue to do our best with the accepted formulation of the
liability in knowing receipt, seeking to simplify and improve it where we may.
**_While in general it may be possible to sympathise with a tendency to
subsume a further part of our law of restitution under the principles of
unjust enrichment, I beg leave to doubt whether strict liability coupled with
a change of position defence would be preferable to fault-based liability in
many commercial transactions, for example where, as here, the receipt is of a
company's funds which have been misapplied by its directors. Without having
heard argument it is unwise to be dogmatic, but in such a case it would appear
to be commercially unworkable and contrary to the spirit of the rule in_**
_Royal British Bank v Turquand_ (1856) 6 E & B 327 **_that, simply on proof of
an internal misapplication of the company's funds, the burden should shift to
the recipient to defend the receipt either by a change of position or perhaps
in some other way. Moreover, if the circumstances of the receipt are such as
to make it unconscionable for the recipient to retain the benefit of it, there
is an obvious difficulty in saying that it is equitable for a change of
position to afford him a defence._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

142 Significantly, in the Singapore context, this court (in _George Raymond
Zage_) noted, in respect of the observations of Nourse LJ in _Akindele_ quoted
in the preceding paragraph, as follows (at [27]):

Interestingly, Nourse LJ also considered but rejected Lord Nicholl’s
suggestion in his article (written extra-judicially), “Knowing Receipt: The
Need for a New Landmark”, from Cornish et al, _Restitution Past, Present and
Future_ (Hart Publishing - Oxford, 1998) at p 231 that the courts move from a
fault-based regime of knowing receipt towards a consolidated unjust enrichment
regime.

143 Although there was no _express_ endorsement of Nourse LJ’s views in
_Akindele_ as such, the endorsement (as noted in the preceding paragraph) of
the test of unconscionability (specifically, the recipient’s _state of
knowledge_ which renders retention of the property unconscionable) in the
context of the doctrine of knowing receipt in _George Raymond Zage_ itself
suggests that, at the very highest, the doctrine of unjust enrichment can only
be but an alternative and cannot displace or subsume the doctrine of knowing
receipt (although Prof Yeo Tiong Min (“Prof Yeo”) has apparently adopted a
somewhat different interpretation in his Fourth Yong Pung How Professorship of
Law Lecture entitled “The Right and Wrong of ‘Knowing Receipt’ in the Law of
Restitution” (“ _Yeo_ ”), delivered on 19 May 2011 at the Singapore Management
University (presently accessible only online at
http://www2.law.smu.edu.sg/yphdls/20120516/paper_2011.pdf) (accessed 27 June
2013), which suggests (at para 33, and quoted below at [144]) that even this
possible route for the doctrine of unjust enrichment is somewhat bleak). On
another view (_viz_ , that of Nourse LJ in _Akindele_), the doctrine of
knowing receipt would, of course, be _the only_ approach that is applicable.
Criticising Nourse LJ’s attempt to “pour knowing receipt into an unjust
enrichment bottle”, Prof Birks goes on to explain (in _Birks’s Receipt_ at p
225):

There should be no doubt that the rejection of strict liability is a rejection
of the unjust enrichment analysis of knowing receipt. Strict liability is the
essence of the law of unjust enrichment. If there were a general requirement
of fault, the entire law of unjust enrichment would probably be swept into the
law of civil wrongs. But that will not happen. …

Nourse LJ expressed his preference for fault-based liability in the course of
noticing, but leaving to higher authority, a very important article by Lord
Nicholls. In fact it appears not to have been noticed that Lord Nicholls
himself, while in favour of recognizing a liability in unjust enrichment in
these situations in which the claimant is entitled only in equity, was not
arguing for a subsumption of knowing receipt under unjust enrichment. His
strategy … seeks to show that it is necessary to recognise the liability in
unjust enrichment alongside the liability for knowing receipt in its quality
as a wrong. His point all along is that there have to be both liabilities.

144 In our view, the law in this area is still in a state of _flux_. This is
perhaps not surprising as the law of both restitution and unjust enrichment
are relatively “young” doctrines. Although their development has now spanned
several decades, this is but a drop in the proverbial legal ocean when viewed
against the backdrop of the centuries during which time various doctrines at
both common law as well as in equity have developed. However, the absence of a
clear consensus is unhelpful, regardless of the reasons for such a situation.
And the situation is exacerbated by the fact that the various controversies
and difficulties have been canvassed, in the main, in academic writings which
have hitherto been unhelpful when viewed from a more practical perspective.
Unfortunately, that is the situation we now find ourselves in. The various
issues, decisions, academic literature as well as controversies have been
helpfully analysed with characteristic perceptiveness by Prof Yeo in his
lecture to which reference has already been made (in the preceding paragraph).
Indeed, it is to be hoped that, given its perceptive analysis and general
importance, it will be published in a more formal venue in the not too distant
future. It is significant, in our view, that this lecture does not offer a
positive prognosis in so far as an action in unjust enrichment is concerned.
In this regard, it may be apposite to quote the conclusion to Prof Yeo’s
lecture (see _Yeo_ at paras 31–33) in full, as follows:

**Conclusion**

31 If we decide that knowing receipt is indeed a wrong we should take the
logical steps to rationalise it as such. The developments in _Charter Plc v
City Index_ [[2008] Ch 325] in England and the _Thanakharn_ case in Hong Kong
[_Thanakharn Kasikorn Thai Chamkat (Mahahon) (aka Kasikornbank Public Co Ltd)
v Akai Holdings Ltd (in liq)_ (2010) 13 HKCFAR 479, [2010] HKCFA 63] represent
incremental steps in this direction. Although the Singapore courts have not
gone to the same extent, these developments are highly relevant for the courts
to consider how they want to develop Singapore law.

32 These steps taken in England and Hong Kong SAR explicitly carve out the law
on knowing receipt from the law of restitution to the extent that the latter
means the law of unjust enrichment. By explicitly recognising the remedy as
equitable compensation, it places knowing receipt clearly in the law of equity
and trusts, or from a different classification perspective, the law of wrongs.
This has implications beyond the debate on the standard of liability. On this
basis, liability is measured by the loss to the plaintiff, but this includes
loss in the value of property taken from the trust. Change of position is an
irrelevant defence both in theory and practice. Causation, remoteness and
mitigation are not relevant when it comes to the restorative measure of
compensation, but may be relevant in respect of consequential losses. However,
the value of the property to be restored must still be assessed, and this is
not necessarily the value of the property at the time of receipt. Further, the
assumption that the choice of law rules for restitution applies to claims in
knowing receipt will need to be reconsidered. Finally, the analogy with the
tort of conversion needs to be approached with some caution.

33 _Whether there is an alternative cause of action in unjust enrichment based
on the receipt of equitable property (or perhaps property otherwise subject to
a fiduciary institution) is a different question. It has been rejected by the
Australian High Court, the Hong Court of First Instance and the English Court
of Appeal, but the Supreme Court in the UK has yet to consider the question.
It appears to have been rejected implicitly by the Singapore Court of Appeal,
but it is not clear whether counsel had pressed the argument._ **_On the whole
the judicial acceptance of this line of argument looks increasingly
unlikely_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

145 Prof Yeo’s conclusion follows the present trend of judicial development of
receipt-based liability in unjust enrichment. Although there is some support
for the contrary proposition from several judges in both extra-judicial (see,
for example, the observations of Lord Millett in “Tracing the Proceeds of
Fraud” (1991) 107 LQR 71 at 82 and of Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead, quoted
above at [141]) and judicial (see, for example, _per_ Millett J in the English
High Court decision of _Agip_ at 291–292 and Lord Millett in the House of
Lords decision of _Twinsectra Ltd v Yardley_ [2002] 2 AC 164 at [105] as well
as _per_ Lord Nicholls in the Privy Council decision of _Royal Brunei
Airlines_ at 386 and (it would appear) the House of Lords decision of
_Criterion Properties Plc v Stratford UK Properties LLC_ [2004] 1 WLR 1846 at
[3]–[4]) contexts, the various observations were just that and do not, with
respect, contain sufficiently detailed analysis as well as elaboration.

146 Given the apparent state of flux which the law is in, it would appear that
the argument with regard to unjust enrichment as the _sole or governing_
approach, or even as a co-existing alternative basis of liability, should be
approached with some caution. However, for reasons that will be apparent in a
moment, it is not necessary for this court to render a definitive view on this
matter, although it would appear that – for the moment at least – the doctrine
of knowing receipt as an _equitable wrong_ is clearly part of the legal
landscape in the Singapore context. To recapitulate, there is no _unjust
factor in the law of unjust enrichment_ (as (apparently) considered by the
Judge in the court below) premised on receipt and retention of assets with a
state of knowledge which would render such retention unconscionable. Although
the _substance_ of liability for receipt is well-established _in equity_ under
the doctrine of _knowing receipt_ , this last-mentioned doctrine is premised
on the general notion of _fault_ , _whereas unjust enrichment_ is premised on
_strict liability_ at _common law_ (subject to _defences_ such as change of
position). The basis of liability should not be elided.

Application of these principles

Has there been enrichment at the expense of the Appellant?

147 In our view, there has been no enrichment at the expense of the Appellant,
either _via_ a direct personal link between the Second Respondent’s enrichment
and her loss, or _via_ an indirect link through tracing the benefit (or value
of the benefit) to the Second Respondent from the Appellant’s assets or monies
to which she is entitled (see above at [115], [123] and [128]).

148 We first examine whether the Appellant has established a direct personal
link (see above at [115(a)]) between the Second Respondent’s benefit and her
(alleged) loss. As has been observed in our discussion of the threshold issue,
the Appellant’s claim lies primarily against the Deceased and accordingly, the
First Respondent. The Deceased (and through him, the Estate) received an
immediate benefit from the Appellant in that the Appellant chose to forgo
division and thus enabled him to keep the monies. The claim between the
Appellant and the Deceased is a _claim for damages_ for fraudulent
misrepresentation. The problem with the Appellant’s argument is that it is
unclear how this claim can be linked to the Second Respondent’s receipt of the
Deceased’s assets.

149 If the Appellant had succeeded on the threshold issue (which she did
_not_) and leaving aside the question of whether a remedy of an RCT was even
available (which we entertain serious doubts about), the best case scenario
which the Appellant could hope for is an imposition of an RCT _over the monies
held by the First Respondent_ , and even then, _only at the time the claim is
brought and is successful_. Mr Kumar attempted to argue that an RCT should be
declared over the monies in the 1999 and 2002 trusts. With respect, there is
no basis for this claim, given that the claim for damages exist _s only
against the First Respondent_ as executrix of the Estate and the Second
Respondent _does not come into the picture at all_ in the determination of the
threshold issue. There has been some suggestion that a claimant may obtain
restitution of benefits gained from the tort of deceit (see _Goff & Jones_ at
para 36-005 and _Cartwright_ at para 5-35) in the form of disgorgement of
benefits that the defendant derived from his wrong. We find that this does not
apply in the present case.

150 First, the Appellant is not claiming disgorgement of the Deceased’s
benefit, but damages (see Appellant’s written case at [263]). It was observed
in the House of Lords decision of _United Australia Limited v Barclays Bank
Limited_ [1941] AC 1 (at p 19) that the “same set of facts entitles the
plaintiff to claim either form of redress. At some stage of the proceedings
the plaintiff must elect which remedy he will have”. Having unequivocally
elected to claim damages, the Appellant must be held to her pleadings.

151 Second, even if we were to allow the Appellant to amend her pleadings to
substitute a claim for disgorgement of the benefit, this would not help her
case at all. The Appellant’s claim against the First Respondent is, at best,
one for the alleged loss of a chance to make a claim against the monies at the
division stage. As the Judge observed, there was insufficient material to
determine what the Appellant would have obtained on a division of matrimonial
assets. In particular, the fact that the Appellant’s own wealth at the
material time was uncertain means that it is far from a foregone conclusion
that the Appellant would have obtained 75% of the monies as she claims. In
order for the Appellant’s claim to succeed, she must be able to prove (from a
practical perspective) that she had _little or no_ assets at the material
time. This was clearly not the case. If the Appellant had, in fact, _more_
assets than the Deceased, she might have made _a net loss_ on division. Since
the Deceased is now dead and the court’s jurisdiction under s 112 of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) no longer exists, what the Appellant
would have obtained is a speculative exercise which is founded upon her loss
of a _chance_ to get a share of the Estate. The appropriate remedy for loss of
a chance must be damages as there is no way to disgorge an indefinite benefit.

152 More importantly (and in any event), it should be noted that any direct
restitutionary claim _only exists_ between the representor (here, the
Deceased) and the representee (here the Appellant). The Appellant has argued
that she fulfils the condition that the Second Respondent’s enrichment was
obtained as a result of a wrong done to her (_viz_ , the Deceased’s profit
from wrongfully retaining the monies instead of giving part of them up to the
Appellant), and this enrichment was therefore “at her expense” (_viz_ , the
Deceased was able to take the monies which he had wrongfully withheld from the
Appellant and deposit them in the 1999 and 2002 trusts). This adopts a much
broader understanding of the requirement that the enrichment be at the expense
of the claimant than that which exists under the law of unjust enrichment. The
former is properly regarded as part of the law of restitution for wrongs,
while the latter is _more limited_ and focuses on enrichment in the
_subtractive_ sense (see above at [113]). The Appellant’s argument is based on
an incorrect understanding of the requirement of enrichment at the expense of
the claimant. Even taking the Appellant on her own case and assuming that she
could obtain a restitutionary remedy for the Deceased’s fraudulent
misrepresentation (in the form of disgorgement of gains within the rubric of
restitution for wrongs) instead of damages in common law, this remedy could
only be enforced against the First Respondent as executrix of the Estate.
Although the final outcome of the Appellant’s best case scenario would be the
acquisition by the Appellant of a right _in rem_ over the monies held by the
Estate in the form of an RCT declared by the court, which will be enforceable
against the whole world (including the Second Respondent), this will only
happen _after_ the determination of the personal issue between the two direct
parties, _viz_ , the Appellant and the First Respondent (and assuming the
Appellant succeeds in her claim, this right will be based on an RCT). It bears
noting that the monies which the Appellant now claims had been transferred to
the Second Respondent _before_ the determination of the personal issue between
the Appellant and the First Respondent as executrix of the Estate. Any right
_in rem_ which the Appellant _may have received_ would exist only against the
_remaining monies_ in the Estate and which is now administered by the First
Respondent. No action could or would lie against the Second Respondent for
monies transferred to it _prior_ to the imposition of the RCT. In other words,
there is no direct personal link between the Appellant and the Second
Respondent; the claim for damages in misrepresentation has not been assigned
to the Second Respondent simply because the latter has received a payment from
the Deceased during his lifetime and _before_ the Appellant had commenced an
action against the Deceased.

153 If the Appellant had succeeded on the threshold issue, however, it is far
more likely that this best case scenario would never materialise. The
appropriate award for fraudulent misrepresentation is damages to compensate
the representee for the loss which can properly be said to have been caused by
the representation (see _Cartwright_ at para 5-035 and W V H Rogers, _Winfield
& Jolowicz on Tort_ (18th Ed, Sweet & Maxwell, 2010) at para 11-14). It is
trite law that a remedy of damages at common law cannot be enforced against a
third party.

154 For completeness, we should add that a third party can itself be
independently liable on a separate basis such as knowing receipt. A claim in
knowing receipt, however, is founded upon quite a different basis from a claim
in unjust enrichment (as noted above at [108] and [110]) and constitutes a
_separate claim_. In any event, knowing receipt was _not part of the
Appellant’s pleaded case_ and we do not need to deal with the question of
whether the Second Respondent was liable in knowing receipt for the
Appellant’s loss. It is clear that, both here as well as in the court below,
the Appellant was relying on _neither_ the doctrine _nor_ the concept of
knowing receipt. In our view, this was the correct approach to adopt as there
is nothing on record to indicate that the Second Appellant might be liable
under the doctrine of knowing receipt. The Appellant’s statement of claim was
amended twice. By the time of the second amendment, her claim against the
Second Respondent had substantially changed. Whereas the original statement of
claim contended (at para 27 of the Statement of Claim) that the Second
Respondent was “liable to account to the Plaintiff, on the ground of knowing
receipt, for that part of the assets which were settled by [the Deceased] into
the BNP Trusts”, the amended statement of claim had deleted all references to
knowing receipt and went so far as to delete _all references to
unconscionability_. There is no suggestion that the Second Respondent knew
that the monies received were subject to some right _in rem_ (or other legal
entitlement) that may be asserted by the Appellant against the monies and
there is no suggestion that the Second Respondent had acted dishonestly. On
appeal, the Appellant tried to change tack by stating that the Second
Respondent was liable to return the monies _when its conscience was affected_
, _viz_ , at the time this claim was brought (see above at [110]). It bears
reiterating that the Appellant’s reference to unconscionability (in so far as
she was maintaining a claim in unjust enrichment) does not relate to the
material time. A claim in unjust enrichment arises at the point of receipt and
not at the point of knowledge. In fact, knowledge does not even enter the
picture (see above at [106], [108] and [110]). A claim in unjust enrichment
thus _cannot_ arise _subsequent_ to the point of receipt, nor can it arise as
a result of the recipient’s knowledge _after_ receipt. We will have occasion
to return to this point at [163]–[165] below.

155 We now turn to examine whether the Appellant can establish an _indirect
link_ (in the subtractive sense used by the law of unjust enrichment) through
the value in the Second Respondent’s hands in the form of a benefit traceable
from her property. This would require her to demonstrate that she had a pre-
existing right, or at least a _legal entitlement_ to the monie _s at the time
or before they were transferred to the Second Respondent_ (see above at
[119]). The comments on Prof Birks’s theory of interceptive subtraction (above
at [117]–[122]) apply, _a fortiori_ , to the present case. As we have
established in the preceding paragraphs, the Appellant has, even on her best
case scenario, no pre-existing right or legal entitlement which could give
rise to a benefit traceable into the Second Respondent’s hands; at best, she
has a _personal claim_ for loss of a chance _against the Deceased_. This
personal claim does not grant her a legal entitlement to the monies
transferred to the Second Respondent, much less does it make the transfer a
transfer from her assets. As a claim in the tort of deceit for damages, the
personal claim which the Appellant has exists _independently_ of the assets
which the Deceased owns. At the time the monies were transferred from the
Deceased to the Second Respondent, the Appellant had no legal or equitable
claim or entitlement to the monies. The Appellant is thus unable to derive a
traceable benefit to the monies in the 1999 and 2002 trusts. There is thus no
subtraction _stricto sensu_ from the Appellant.

156 To say that the monies were on the way (in the interceptive subtraction
sense) from the Deceased to the Appellant is, with respect, to assume what has
in fact to be proved. The Appellant would have had to _change her mind_ , ask
for division, and subsequently been awarded a portion of the monies. None of
these things were guaranteed to happen. More importantly, the Appellant has
not proved that she would certainly obtain a portion of the monies. All she
can establish is that she would probably have obtained a division of
matrimonial assets. What proportion of assets the division would have given
her, and whether it would have entitled her to more than the assets she
already had as her contribution to the pool is a matter of speculation, not
certainty. As mentioned at [151] above, all she had was the loss of a chance
to get a share of the monies. Accordingly, there is no sense in which the
monies were “on their way” to the Appellant. Further active steps would have
to be taken before the Appellant could have gained ownership of, or became
entitled to, the monies, and none of these steps would have guaranteed her a
share of the monies.

157 Crucially, the enrichment of _the Second Respondent did not come from the
Appellant’s assets_ (see above at [122]), nor was the Appellant _entitled_ to
receive those assets at the point in which they were given to the Second
Respondent. At best, the Appellant had a _chose in action_ which _would only
crystallise at the point of judgment being made in her favour_. Even if the
Appellant had succeeded in this respect (which she did _not_), the enrichment
that occurred did not come from her assets and so _could not_ have been at her
expense. The Appellant attempted to argue that the Second Respondent’s benefit
was gained at her expense because the monies were matrimonial assets or
community property which she had an interest in. Presumably, the Appellant was
trying to claim some sort of interest (although not one which was proprietary
in nature) in the pool of matrimonial assets such that the benefit did come,
in a nominal sense, from _her_ assets. With respect, we do not see what kind
of interest this could amount to and there is no support for her position in
law.

158 To clarify, we are not stating that there is an absolute rule against
“leapfrogging”. Counsel for the Second Respondent, Mr Edwin Tong, argued
before us that the flaw in the Appellant’s case is that it permits the
Appellant to leapfrog over the First Respondent, who is the real defendant, to
get into the Second Respondent’s deeper pockets. Whilst this argument has an
intuitive appeal, _Goff & Jones_ (at para 2-66) and _Birks_ (at p 89) have
already observed that no case clearly establishes this. We have also noted
(above at [122]) the observations of _Edelman & Bant_ that the problem lies
not with the _parties_ involved but the nexus between the Appellant’s property
rights and the Second Respondent’s enrichment. All we are saying is that the
Second Respondent was never enriched from the assets of the Appellant as the
Appellant never had a property right to those assets to begin with, and
accordingly, any potential nexus between the Appellant and Second Respondent
had been broken by intervening events and the Deceased’s actions. It does not
help that this case is riddled with uncertainties and the benefit which the
Appellant is claiming to have lost is itself uncertain.

159 We are also not stating that the claim in unjust enrichment is a
proprietary one. We have already noted (above at [114]) the evidential nature
of the need to establish an entitlement or right to the assets in question.
The Appellant must be able to establish a nexus to the assets which the Second
Respondent now has; this does not require the Appellant to _trace_ her
original proprietary right into the assets which are presently in the hands of
the Second Respondent, but only to establish that she initially had an
entitlement to the assets, the value of which was transferred to the Second
Respondent. The Appellant may be able to claim (as she does) that she is not
required to show a proprietary claim, but this does not mean that there is no
need to show a nexus between the monies transferred to the Second Respondent
and her ownership of or entitlement to the same; the Appellant can have no
cause of action if she cannot evidentially demonstrate, in the first place, an
entitlement to the monies which were moved.

160 Even if we were to apply _Goff & Jones’s_ “but for” causation test (which
we have our doubts about, as alluded to above at [124]–[127]), the Appellant
is still unable to establish a nexus between her loss and the Second
Respondent’s gain. It cannot be said that, but for the Deceased’s fraudulent
misrepresentation (which resulted in the Appellant’s relying on the same to
forgo division of assets and thus the chance to assert a claim against the
monies), the Second Respondent would not have received the monies. The gain of
the Second Respondent is not causally linked to the Deceased’s fraudulent
conduct. The Deceased broke the chain of causation when he made the further
independent decision to transfer the monies to the Second Respondent. The
Appellant’s loss derives wholly from the Deceased’s alleged fraudulent
misrepresentation and would have resulted regardless of whether the Deceased
subsequently transferred the monies to the Second Respondent. It bears
reiterating the most salient point that completely undermines the Appellant’s
case in this particular regard right at its threshold: we have found that
there had been _no_ fraud committed by the Deceased pursuant to Issue 1.
Hence, Mr Kumar’s argument must perforce _fail right at the threshold_.

161 We find that there is no benefit at the Appellant’s expense and the claim
in unjust enrichment is not made out (as element (b) (above at [98(b)]) was
_also not_ satisfied).

Is there an unjust factor?

162 Given our decision on element (b), it is not strictly necessary to deal
with element (c). For completeness, we will make some brief comments.

163 As we have alluded to above, the Appellant has not pointed to _any_ unjust
factor that supports her claim. Instead, Mr Kumar attempted to argue, in oral
submissions before this court, that the Second Respondent’s conscience was
touched from the point that the fraud was discovered. When pressed further, he
stated that the operative date when an unjust enrichment claim could arise
would be from the time that the fraud is pronounced by the court. However, Mr
Kumar could not point to any legal authority that supported his proposition.
In the Appellant’s case, reference is made to the fact that it would be unjust
for the Second Respondent to retain the monies because the Second Respondent
“did not give value for the Assets”. With respect, we do not see which
particular unjust factor this points to.

164 Crucially, Mr Kumar’s argument runs in a conceptually _opposite_ direction
from the basis of unjust enrichment (see above at [108], [110] and [139]). Mr
Kumar’s analysis is _fault-based_ and _defendant-centric_ ; it ultimately
focuses on getting the Second Respondent to account for the Appellant’s loss
(a reparative measure). It bears reiterating that unjust enrichment is
conceptually a claim of _strict liability_ and is _claimant-centric_ ; it
ultimately focuses on allowing the Appellant to obtain a reversal of value
that was subtracted from her. It follows that Mr Kumar’s “unjust factor” is
not, in any sense, an unjust factor which grounds a right of recovery under a
claim in unjust enrichment. It does not fall within any of the categories of
unjust factors laid out at [132] and [133] above, and it does not sit well
conceptually with the basis for these factors. Mr Kumar has not pressed for
the recognition of a new “unjust factor”, and quite correctly so.

165 Moreover, Mr Kumar’s argument focuses on the _wrong slice of time_. If the
recipient’s (in this case, the Second Respondent’s) conscience is touched at
the particular point in time when the monies were transferred to it, _it would
tak_ e the money or assets subject to the better right the Appellant has in
that property. A legal pronouncement now (fourteen years down the line) cannot
change the state of knowledge of the Second Respondent at the material time in
so far as the concept of knowing receipt is concerned (whether operating as a
potential unjust factor in the context of unjust enrichment _or_ as a wrong
pursuant to the broader law of equitable wrongs). Within the parameters of Mr
Kumar’s argument, there is no unjust factor which supports the finding of
liability in unjust enrichment for the Second Respondent.

166 One such unjust factor which may rehabilitate Mr Kumar’s arguments from a
strict liability, claimant-centric point of view, is that of ignorance (which
was briefly discussed above), _viz_ , that the Appellant was completely
unaware of the transfer of the monies to the Second Respondent (this assumes,
of course, that ignorance is recognised as an unjust factor, a proposition
which is, admittedly, not wholly clear at this particular point in time; see
above at [139]). As observed in _Burrows_ (at p 404), the practical importance
of recognising ignorance is in the context of indirect recipients. _Burrows_
identifies two criteria for departing from the “general rule” (that only
direct recipients are liable) and applying unjust enrichment to indirect
recipients: (1) the plaintiff must show, through title and tracing rules, his
legal or equitable title to the property transferred to the recipient; and (2)
the indirect recipient must not have been a _bona fide_ purchaser for value.
This unjust factor must be _linked_ to the benefit which has allegedly been
gained at the Appellant’s expense. As Prof Burrows explains (see _Burrows_ at
p 91):

An unjust factor only has relevance if it is causally linked to the
‘enrichment at the claimant’s expense’. Indeed, that causal link can be
regarded as an inherent element of each of the unjust factors…

So, for example, this is the test applied for mistaken payments. The claimant
must show that but for the mistake (which may be an active or a passive
mistake) the claimant would not have made that payment.

167 Prof William Swadling (“Prof Swadling”) argues that ignorance cannot be an
unjust factor as the “at the expense of the claimant” requirement can never be
satisfied. Prof Swadling observes, in “A claim in restitution?” [1996] LMCLQ
63 (at 64), that “there being no consent whatsoever to the transfer, there is
no question of property passing from such a person, with the result that the
‘ignorant’ payor can still bring claims based on his continuing retention of
property rights”. While we do not necessarily agree with Prof Swadling’s view
that unjust enrichment is built on a transfer of property rights (see, for
example, above at [108], [110] and [139]), we find that another way of
formulating Prof Swadling’s argument is simply this: ignorance as an unjust
factor does not work because its application to the multi-party situation
_fails to get over the basic hurdle that the enrichment is not at the expense
of the claimant because there has been no transfer of the claimant’s assets._
In response, Prof Burrows makes the short argument (see _Burrows_ at p 408)
that Prof Swadling’s objections rest on an artificial interpretation of
“enrichment”: that a transfer of a property right is necessary to satisfy the
“at the expense of” requirement. Burrows argues that enrichment is an
enrichment of value, not one of property or title. On either view, the point
is that there has been no transfer of a property right _or_ any value that the
claimant (here, the Appellant) can point to as belonging to her _at the point
of transfer_.

168 In the circumstances, we find that it is unnecessary to consider whether
the Second Respondent would have a defence to the Appellant’s claim in unjust
enrichment (which is element (d) above (at [98(d)])).

Issue 3

169 Given that the Appellant’s argument for the imposition of an RCT as a
_remedy_ is parasitic on the success of her unjust enrichment claim, an RCT
cannot, based on our decision with regard to Issue 2, be imposed in the
present appeal. We will, however, make the observation that an RCT may not be
imposed for as wide ranging a set of circumstances as envisioned by the
Appellant.

170 The Appellant submitted that an RCT may be imposed as a “discretionary
tool for fairness and justice” and that an RCT was not premised on any fraud
or wrongdoing on the part of the defendant. In our view, it cannot be the case
that vague notions of fairness or justice are the sole yardsticks in the
exercise of the court’s discretion. Indeed, a flexible and discretionary
remedy sits ill with a claim in unjust enrichment which eschews the use of
unconscionability as a doctrine for the determination of liability (see above
at [100]–[107] and [130]). Like unconscionability, “fairness and justice” are
more properly conclusions which are arrived _at the end_ of principled legal
analysis, and _not as a substitute for that legal analysis_. If the function
of a court is to arrive at its decision based _solely_ on the requirements of
“fairness” and “justice”, this would clearly be an unsatisfactory position,
not least because it gives the court _carte blanche_ to do whatever it likes
without reference to case law or to any legal principle or doctrine.

171 In the first place, an RCT may only be imposed where the payee’s
conscience is affected (see the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Ching
Mun Fong (executrix of the estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho Chit_
[2001] 1 SLR(R) 856 (“ _Ching Mun Fong_ ”) (at [36])). Applying that standard
in _Ching Mun Fong_ , the Court of Appeal declined to impose an RCT in a
situation where there was total failure of consideration and/or money was paid
under a mistake. In our view, the High Court decision of _Koh Cheong Heng v Ho
Yee Fong_ [2011] 3 SLR 125 (“ _Koh Cheong Heng_ ”) cited by the Appellant does
not provide support for the proposition that an RCT is generally imposed to do
what is fair or right to the claimant without the necessity of establishing
some kind of wrongful conduct on the part of the defendant. In _Koh Cheong
Heng_ , Prakash J held that in the context of the doctrine of _donatio mortis
causa_ , where the power of revocation is exercised after legal title has been
vested in the donee, the donee holds the legal title on an RCT for the donor.
We note the following observations by Prakash J (at [46]):

The English reluctance to adopt RCT reasoning stems from the fear that the RCT
would result in wide-ranging general judicial discretion to declare property
rights. In _Cowcher v Cowcher_ [1972] 1 WLR 425, Bagnall J considered that the
RCT approach might create uncertainty _vis-à-vis_ proprietary entitlements.
While the professed fears of the English courts are certainly understandable,
_in my view, it would not be overly extending the law or generating
uncertainty in proprietary rights to utilise the RCT analysis as the
theoretical basis for the power of revocation in a donatio mortis causa
situation. The conditions required for a valid donatio mortis causa are
stringent_ , and there is no fear that adopting RCT analysis to explain part
of the doctrine would result in the widespread uncertainty feared by English
judges. [emphasis added]

172 The novel invocation of the RCT in _Koh Cheong Heng_ as the theoretical
basis for the power of revocation was therefore adopted within the limited
confines of the _donatio mortis causa_ situation. In our view, _Koh Cheong
Heng_ does not suggest that the imposition of an RCT under the _general law_
was not subject to the requirement of wrongdoing on the part of the defendant
such that his conscience was affected. The basis of an RCT in Singapore law at
its present stage of development therefore appears to be founded on fault. The
observations made by Prof Virgo and reproduced at [107] above are apposite
here. The basis of unjust enrichment is _not_ fault, unlike that of an RCT
which is predicated on a state of knowledge which renders it unconscionable
for the recipient to keep the monies. Imposing an RCT for a cause of action
founded on a different basis from that which the RCT is meant to remedy is, to
our mind, wholly inappropriate. For the sake of completeness, given our
decision with regard to Issue 1, there has been no fraud on the part of the
Deceased, thus precluding the Appellant from basing any possible claim on this
particular issue.

173 We should also note that the remedy of an RCT is not merely a response to
unconscionability (in the loose sense referred to above in [100], [102] and
[103]) in Canada, Australia and New Zealand.

174 In Canada, the remedy of an RCT is available for claims in unjust
enrichment (see, for example, the Supreme Court of Canada decision of _Pettkus
v Becker_ [1980] 2 SCR 834 (“ _Pettkus_ ”)). In _Pettkus_ , the parties lived
in a quasi-matrimonial relationship in which the defendant received little or
nothing in return for 19 years of labour for the claimant. It was found that
the defendant had prejudiced herself in the reasonable expectation of
receiving an interest in the property and the claimant had accepted the
benefits conferred by the defendant “in circumstances where he knows or ought
to have known of that reasonable expectation” (see _Pettkus_ at 835).
Accordingly, the court found that it would be unjust for the claimant to
retain the property absolutely and imposed an RCT. There appears to be an
_additional_ element of knowing receipt or conscience here, not unlike the
classic English constructive trust decision of _Beswick v Beswick_ [1968] AC
58, where a business was transferred from an uncle to the nephew in
consideration of annual payments to the aunt. The House of Lords found that
the agreement between the uncle and nephew was capable of specific performance
and the aunt, suing in her capacity as the administratrix of the estate, could
enforce the agreement as a trust. The House of Lords did not make this finding
simply because the nephew had acted unconscionably, but (additionally) because
of the fact that specific performance was available. In both _Pettkus_ and
_Beswick_ , the claimant had some form of equitable right which could give
rise to a constructive trust.

175 The Canadian approach does not endorse the availability of an RCT as an
equitable remedy for a doctrine of unconscionability as the Appellant claims,
but by way of a reasoned, incremental development of the law. As MacLoughlin J
explained in the Supreme Court of Canada decision of _Soulos v Korkontzilas_
[1997] 2 SCR 217 (at 237):

A judge faced with a constructive trust will have regard not merely to what
might seem “fair” in a general sense, but to other situations where courts
have found a constructive trust. The goal is but a reasoned, incremental
development of the law on a case-by-case basis.

176 Even if we were to accept that the Canadian approach simply permits an RCT
for all unjust enrichment claims, it should be further noted that the Canadian
position on unjust enrichment is different from that in England and Australia,
and also different from the approach adopted here. For instance, as has been
observed in G H L Fridman, _Restitution_ (2nd Ed, Carswell Thomson
Professional Publishing, 1994) (at p 32), the Canadian concept of unjust
enrichment recognises enrichment _without an impoverishment of the plaintiff_.
It is also apposite to note the following comments in Peter D Maddaugh & John
D McCamus, _Law of Restitution vol I_ (Looseleaf Ed, Canada Law Book, 2012) on
the application of an RCT for unjust enrichment claims (at para 2:200):

Nonetheless, it is important to emphasize that the American theory of the
remedial constructive trust, embraced by the Supreme Court of Canada in
_Pettkus v Becker_ and more recently reaffirmed by the Court, has _not as yet
been adopted elsewhere in the Commonwealth_. Thus, although Canadian courts
will no doubt continue to draw nourishment from Commonwealth jurisprudence in
this as in other areas of private law, it is perhaps more obvious in this
field than in others that decisions from other Commonwealth jurisdictions
should not be considered an authoritative source of doctrine and must, to the
extent they are to provide guidance, be measured against contemporary
developments in Canadian Restitutionary law. [emphasis added]

177 Similarly, in New Zealand, parties must be able to point to a particular
factor giving rise to unconscionability, rather than merely asserting that the
event complained of was unconscionable. In _Fortex Group Ltd v MacIntosh_
[1998] 3 NZLR 171 (“ _Fortex_ ”), the New Zealand Court of Appeal reasoned (at
175) as follows:

In order to defeat, pro tanto, the secured creditors’ rights as law under
their security by the imposition of a remedial constructive trust, the
plaintiffs must be able to point to something which can be said to make it
unconscionable – contrary to good conscience – for the secured creditors to
rely on their rights at law.

178 In _Fortex_ , the plaintiffs were members of a staff superannuation scheme
of the defendant employer, where both the plaintiffs and the employer made
contributions. The employer subsequently went into receivership, and the
plaintiffs claimed against the trustee of the employer’s secured debenture
holders for a trust over the monies in the superannuation scheme. The court
held (at 178) that the remedy of an RCT did “ _not_ support … general
discretion … on some general ground of fairness” [emphasis added] and declined
to impose an RCT as the consciences of the debenture holders were not
affected. Ross Grantham & Charles Rickett, _Enrichment & Restitution in New
Zealand_ (Hart Publishing, 2000) explained the position of the court (at p
416) thus:

In imposing a remedial constructive the court is bluntly varying the existing
property rights of the defendant’s creditors, thereby effectively
expropriating their rights away from them in favour of the plaintiff. _The_**
_state of the conscience of those third parties_** _with an interest in the
defendant’s assets must, therefore, be_** _a significant factor_** _in the
decision to impose a constructive trust and, in effect, disentitle them_. This
is perhaps what Tipping J meant in _Fortex Group Ltd (in receivership and
liquidation) v MacIntosh_ when His Honour said: “it is the conscience of the
secured creditors [of the defendant] which is at issue in this case.”
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

179 Both the Canadian and the New Zealand approaches thus seem to require some
form or variation of knowing receipt, isolating an element of fault or
knowledge _in addition_ to the claim in unjust enrichment which forms the
basis of the imposition of an RCT as a remedy.

180 The position is the same in Australia. The observations by Deane J in the
High Court of Australia decision of _Muschinski v Dodds_ (1984-1985) 160 CLR
583 (at 615–616) (“ _Muschinski v Dodds_ ”), which first recognised the RCT,
could not be clearer:

The institutional character of the trust has never completely obliterated its
remedial origins even in the case of the more traditional forms of express and
implied trust. This is a fortiori in the case of constructive trust where, as
has been mentioned, the remedial character remains predominant in that the
trust itself either represents, or reflects the availability of, equitable
relief in the particular circumstances…. _The fact that the constructive trust
remains predominantly remedial does not, however, mean that it represents a
medium for the indulgence of idiosyncratic notions of fairness and justice_.
As an equitable remedy, it is available only when warranted by established
equitable principles or by the legitimate processes of legal reasoning, _by
analogy, induction and deduction, from the starting point of a proper
understanding of the conceptual foundation of such principles_.

Thus it is that there is _no place_ in the law of this country _for the notion
of “a constructive trust of a new model”_ which, “[b]y whatever name it is
described, … is … imposed by law whenever justice and good conscience” (in the
sense of “fairness” or what “was fair”) “require it”: per Lord Denning M.R.,
_Eves v. Eves_ ; and _Hussey v. Palmer_. Under the law of this country — as, I
venture to think, under the present law of England (cf. _Burns v. Burns_) —
proprietary rights fall to be governed by principles of law and not by some
mix of judicial discretion (cf. _Wirth v. Wirth_), subjective views about
which party “ought to win” (cf. Maudsley, Constructive Trusts, Northern
Ireland Legal Quarterly, vol. 28 (1977), p. 123, esp. at pp. 123, 137,
139-140) and “the formless void of individual moral opinion”: cf. _Carly v.
Farrelly_ ; _Avondale Printers & Stationers Ltd. v. Haggie_. Long before John
Selden's anachronism identifying the Chancellor's foot as the measure of
Chancery relief, undefined notions of “justice” and what was “fair” had given
way in the law of equity to the rule of ordered principle which is of the
essence of any coherent system of rational law. **_The mere fact that it would
be unjust or unfair in a situation of discord for the owner of a legal estate
to assert his ownership against another provides, of itself, no mandate for a
judicial declaration that the ownership in whole or in part lies, in equity,
in that other_** : cf. _Hepworth v. Hepworth_. Such equitable relief by way of
constructive trust will only properly be available if applicable principles of
the law of equity require that the person in whom the ownership of property is
vested should hold it to the use or for the benefit of another.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

181 K Mason, J W Carter & G J Tolhurst, _Mason and Carter’s Restitution Law in
Australia_ (2nd Ed, LexisNexis Butterworths, 2008) (“ _Mason & Carter_”),
commenting on _Muschinski v Dodds_ and subsequent cases adopting it, observed
that there may be an additional element of unconscionability (or
unsconscientious behaviour, as the Australian courts prefer to call it), which
would attract the proprietary nature of an RCT. _Mason & Carter_ compare
_Muschinski v Dodds_ with the House of Lords decision of _Westdeutsche
Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council_ [1996] AC 669 (“
_Westdeutsche_ ”) in which the House declined to grant an RCT or recognise
such remedy as part of its law. The learned authors observe, as follows (at
para 252):

Although there was no claim for a remedial constructive trust in that case
[_Westdeutsche_] and although English law is still to recognise the remedial
constructive trust, _we think that the same result would follow in Australia
because of the absence of_** _unconscientious behaviour_****.** In _Hospital
Products Ltd v United States Surgical Corp_ no fiduciary relationship was
found to exist and a proprietary remedy was accordingly refused where parties
to a commercial transaction dealt with each other at arm’s length. The case
illustrates the restraint Australian courts impose upon resort to equitable
principles in commercial transactions **_unless something particularly catches
the eye of equity_**. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

182 Two things are immediately apparent from the survey of the case law in
Canada, Australia and New Zealand: (1) an RCT is not simply a response to some
broad notion of unconscionability but is being developed incrementally in
response to certain events and factors, including unjust factors in unjust
enrichment; and (2) unconscientiousness or unconscionability (as the
conclusion of a process of legal reasoning in the main claim) affecting the
knowledge of the recipient of the assets in question is an _additional
element_ which _must exist_ before an RCT may be imposed. In other words,
there is a further element of fault which _may_ exist in the context of unjust
enrichment but which is not an inherent part of the unjust enrichment claim.
_Prima facie_ , we would be hesitant to impose an RCT as a remedy for an
unjust enrichment claim without more. We have our doubts, as alluded to at
[170] above, as to the general appropriateness of applying an RCT to an unjust
enrichment claim given that an RCT is a remedy awarded in response to fault
whereas a claim in unjust enrichment is a claim in strict liability and is not
fault-based. In this context, we would add that, although _Ching Mun Fong_ is
often cited for the proposition that an RCT may be imposed as a
_restitutionary_ remedy, on a careful reading of the case, the _ratio
decidendi_ was _not_ that an RCT could be imposed as a remedy for a claim in
_unjust enrichment_. The Court of Appeal in _Ching Mun Fong_ cited (at [35])
the following dicta of Lord Browne-Wilkinson in _Westdeutsche_ (at 716):

Although the resulting trust is an unsuitable basis for developing proprietary
restitutionary remedies, the remedial constructive trust, if introduced into
English law, may provide a more satisfactory road forward. _The court by way
of remedy might impose a constructive trust on a defendant who knowingly
retains property of which the plaintiff has been unjustly deprived._ Since the
remedy can be tailored to the circumstances of the particular case, innocent
third parties would not be prejudiced and restitutionary defences, such as
change of position, are capable of being given effect. However, whether
English law should follow the United States and Canada by adopting the
remedial constructive trust will have to be decided in some future case when
the point is directly in issue. [emphasis added]

183 The Court of Appeal stated as follows (at [36]):

… In order for a remedial constructive trust to arise, the payee's _conscience
must have been affected_ , while the moneys in question _still remain_ with
him…. [emphasis added]

184 The fact giving rise to the court’s discretion to impose an RCT was
therefore not the fact of unjust enrichment, but the _knowing retention_ of
the monies in a way that affects the recipient’s conscience. This arises
separately from a strict liability claim in unjust enrichment, although the
facts giving rise to an RCT may arise _subsequent_ to or _concurrently_ with
this aforementioned claim.

185 However, until the issue arises squarely for our consideration, we do not
propose to make a definitive ruling on the matter.

Issue 4

186 Given that the Appellant’s case has failed on so many levels, it is not
necessary to consider whether the Second Respondent would have succeeded in
its defence of laches.

Conclusion

187 For the reasons set out above (in particular, our decision on the
threshold question under Issue 1), we dismiss the appeal with costs. For the
avoidance of doubt, the costs orders made by the Judge in the court below are
also to stand. The usual consequential orders will apply.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jun 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

