Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Teo Chu Ha _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 179

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No. 279/2012/02  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 September 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Bachoo Mohan Singh (Veritas Law Corporation) for the
appellant; Alan Loh and Edward Ti for the Public Prosecutor.  
Parties| :|  Teo Chu Ha — Public Prosecutor  
  
18 September 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant was a Senior Director of Logistics at Seagate technology
International (“Seagate”) at the material time. He has since been dismissed
from Seagate’s employment. His present appeal is against conviction and
sentence for 12 charges of corruption under s 6(a) of the Prevention of
Corruption Act (Cap 241, Rev Ed 1993) (“PCA”) for having received a reward for
assisting Biforst Singapore Pte Ltd (“Biforst”) to secure contracts to provide
trucking services from Seagate.

2 The usual case of corruption involves a taking of gratification by the
accused. This was an unusual case; instead of a straightforward taking of
Biforst shares (the subject of the first charge), the appellant paid $6,000
for these shares. The appellant was then given 22.5% of the profits in regular
pay-outs from 2006 to 2010 which the defence alleges represented dividends for
his share in Biforst. These 11 payments are now also the subject of scrutiny
in the second to twelfth charges. Because of the unusual nature of this case,
I directed that the parties file and exchange further submissions on whether
it was normal for gratification to take the form of shares in a company which
the accused person pays for and what the significance was of the transfer of
shares to an unknown nominee of the appellant’s. Having had the benefit of
submissions from both sides, I now deliver my decision.

3 The opportunity for the incorporation of Biforst as a small private limited
company came in August 2004, when Seagate’s existing trucking contract for the
long haul trucking route between Singapore and Malaysia expired. Seagate
wanted to award the contracts to two different vendors. Richland Logistics
Services Pte Ltd (“Richland”) was the incumbent, and the point person for
Richland in its Seagate trucking contracts had been one Tan Ah Kwee (“Ah
Kwee”). Ah Kwee fell out with Richland management before the expiry of the
Seagate contracts and left to set up his own company. He was, however,
prevented from bidding for the new Seagate contracts because of a restraint of
trade clause in his employment contract. Two of Ah Kwee’s men, Koh Han Lee
(“Koh”) and Ng Kok Seng (“Ng”), also left Richland for Ah Kwee’s company. Both
Ng and Koh were instrumental in setting up Biforst and after Biforst’s
incorporation, worked for both Ah Kwee’s company and Biforst with Ah Kwee’s
full knowledge. The incumbents thus became three: Ah Kwee’s company, Biforst,
and the original Richland. Biforst was incorporated on 10 September 2004, just
before the tender for Seagate’s trucking contract started. The tender closed
on 7 October 2004.

4 Prior to Biforst’s incorporation, Yap Chin Guan (“Yap”), also an ex-employee
of Richland, approached the appellant to sell his new transport management
system. The appellant was not interested. The appellant was, however,
interested to discuss the potential incorporation of a new company to take
over the Seagate contracts from Richland; he wanted to get rid of Richland as
the middleman in the trucking operations and to deal directly with the
transport providers (represented by Ah Kwee). The trial judge (“the judge”)
found that it was Yap and the appellant who had come up with the plan to
incorporate Biforst and use Biforst to tender for the Seagate contracts, with
the instrumental involvement of Koh and Ng. The appellant asked Yap for a
share in Biforst and it was agreed that 20,000 shares would be issued to the
appellant via a nominee, Ms Choo Ah Moi Winnie, upon payment by the appellant
of $6,000. The appellant paid for the shares by cheque on 29 September 2004
and the shares were transferred to the appellant’s nominee on 20 December
2004. The appellant, in contravention of Seagate’s conflict of interest
policy, did not disclose his beneficial interest in Biforst to Seagate.

5 After the tender closed on 7 October 2004, a team of Seagate staff (“the
tender team”), including the appellant, rated the different vendors and
Richland, Biforst and Geodis Overseas Pte Ltd (“Geodis”) rose to the top.
Richland’s services would cost $1,000 more per quarter than Biforst’s, an
amount which one of the tender team thought was “negligible”. Concerns were
raised about Biforst’s suitability for the contract as it was a new company
without the same credentials as Richland. The appellant assured the rest of
the tender team that Biforst would be capable of taking up the Seagate
contracts as it was essentially a “spin-off” company of Ah Kwee, with whom
Seagate was familiar and who was, in turn, familiar with Seagate’s trucking
routes and requirements. Seagate’s finance department also reviewed the papers
and suggested an increased security deposit and/or an execution of a bank
guarantee in order to address this concern. The tender team went with an
increased security deposit of $200,000 (instead of the usual $100,000) and
awarded the contract to Biforst and Geodis, both of whom submitted the lowest
tenders. The judge found that the appellant had the power to influence, and
did in fact influence, the selection process for awarding the Seagate
contracts to Biforst. There was ample documentary evidence in the record to
indicate that this was indeed true where the 2004 Seagate contract was
concerned. I find that there was insufficient reason for me to disturb the
finding of the judge in relation to the 2004 Seagate contract.

6 Biforst submitted successful bids in three further tender exercises in 2005,
2007 and 2010. Throughout the years 2004 to 2010, the appellant received
regular pay outs from Biforst. Each pay-out corresponded to 22.5% of an amount
withdrawn from Biforst’s account and marked as “director’s fees”. This 22.5%
constituted the initial 20,000 shares acquired on 20 December 2004 (see above
at [4]) and an additional transfer (again to the appellant’s nominee) of 2,500
shares on 1 June 2005. Two payments in 2006, three payments in 2007, three
payments in 2008, one payment in 2009 and two payments in 2010 were the
subject of the second to twelfth charges before the judge. It was the
prosecution’s case that these payments and the shares were given as
gratification for the appellant’s securing the Seagate contracts for Biforst,
an act which was objectively corrupt and for which the appellant had a corrupt
intent.

7 Section 6(a) of the PCA reads as follows:

Punishment for corrupt transactions with agents

6\. If —

(_a_) any agent corruptly accepts or obtains, or agrees to accept or attempts
to obtain, from any person, for himself or for any other person, any
gratification _as an inducement or reward_ for doing or forbearing to do, or
for having done or forborne to do, any act in relation to his principal’s
affairs or business, or for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour
to any person in relation to his principal’s affairs or business;

…

he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine
not exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or
to both.

[emphasis added]

8 To my mind, the main issue in this appeal is the reason for the issue of
shares and the 11 payments made. It is not corruption unless the purpose of or
reason for the gratification was as a reward or as an inducement for the act
done by the appellant in relation to his principal, Seagate. In other words,
there must be a direct causal link between the alleged gratification and the
alleged acts looked at from both the receiver’s and the giver’s perspectives.
Thus, in _Yuen Chun Yii v Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 209 (“ _Yuen Chun
Yii_ ”) and _Chan Wing Seng v PP_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 721 (“ _Chan Wing Seng_ ”),
the High Court found that it was not objectively corrupt for a “brother” to
share his windfall in a show of generosity or for a grateful horse owner to
reward his jockeys in his euphoria of having won his races. Yong Pung How CJ
held in _Yuen Chun Yii_ (at [95]) that although the payment was not
unconnected to the recipient’s assistance rendered to the giver, the recipient
could show that the payment was a _bona fide_ gift which he received without
any ulterior motive. I would add that so long as the recipient can show that
there was a reasonable doubt that the payment was not received with any
ulterior motive, then the prosecution has failed to prove its case.

9 This applies _a fortiori_ where the case involves not a gift, but a
transaction for value. Where there has been a payment for shares, the usual
inference is that those shares were transferred because they had been duly
paid for and not for some other reason. It might be that where an accused had
paid for shares, the transfer of those shares was intended as a reward for a
corrupt act; and it might be that the purported payment was simply a sham to
hide the true purpose of the transaction. However, it is for the prosecution
to prove, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the payment was a sham and that the
true purpose of the transaction was as a reward or inducement for the accused
to act in the way he did. A court should be slow to find that a payment for
shares was a sham or cover up, not only because of the prosecution’s heavy
burden of proof, but also because this requires the court to assess the value
of the consideration given for the transfer of shares, a task that it cannot
do without evidence.

10 The judge found (at [36] of his judgment) that Biforst was set up with the
Seagate contracts in mind and that its incorporation was “inextricably tied to
the upcoming tender of Seagate’s trucking contract”. He concluded from this
that the “irresistible inference” was that the 20,000 shares were transferred
to the appellant “on the understanding” that Biforst would get Seagate’s
business. In other words, the judge found that the ‘buy-in’ for the 20,000
shares was the $6,000 plus the assistance given for the procurement of the
Seagate contracts. But what was the true reason that the shares were given?
The prosecution did not argue, and the judge thus did not find that the $6,000
was insufficient consideration for the transfer of the shares or was merely
paid to cover up the transaction’s true purpose. The fact that the Seagate
contracts were within the contemplation of the controlling minds of Biforst
when it was incorporated bears only a weak correlation to the validity of the
share transaction for value and to any explanation of the true purpose of that
share transfer. The prosecution led no evidence here or in the trial below as
to how much the shares transferred were worth. If, for example, the $6,000
paid for the shares was a gross undervalue, then it would have been possible
to draw the inference that the shares had been transferred for an ulterior
(and more insidious) purpose. However, there was no evidence to show that the
transaction of $6,000 for the 20,000 shares was anything but an ordinary share
transaction. The circumstances surrounding Biforst’s incorporation point to a
conflict of interest if the appellant were to acquire shares in Biforst. This
was potentially a breach of fiduciary duties or a potential breach of the
appellant’s employment agreement. I do not think, however, that this was
enough to turn what would otherwise be an ordinary share transaction into a
sham one. The prosecution has not proven its case beyond a reasonable doubt
that the transfer of shares was for the purpose of inducing or rewarding the
appellant to secure the Seagate contracts and not simply as consideration for
the $6,000 paid by the appellant. There was, accordingly, no objective corrupt
element in relation to the transfer of the shares.

11 I now turn to the 11 payments (constituting the second to twelfth charges)
which were made between 2004 and 2010. The judge’s grounds of decision did not
specifically address any of these payments. I have already observed (above at
[6]) that these payments corresponded to exactly 22.5% of the profits
withdrawn for the directors. This corresponded to the appellant’s 22.5% share
in Biforst (as at 1 June 2005). The size of those pay outs (a total of
$576,225 from 2006 to 2010), coupled with the circumstances in which they were
paid (in an unmarked envelope hand delivered to the appellant and with the
withdrawal marked as one for director’s fees), made those payments look
suspicious. However, the 11 payments did not correspond with the dates of the
tenders for the Seagate contracts which the prosecution claimed that the
appellant procured for Biforst. Biforst submitted and was awarded the tenders
for Seagate contracts in three further exercises in 2005, 2007 and 2010.

12 The scoring for the 2005 tender and the decision to award it to Biforst was
conducted on 31 May 2005. Unlike the share transfers, which were executed
within a month of Biforst’s being awarded the 2004 Seagate contract, the 2005
Seagate contract was awarded almost half a year before the first cash payment
to the appellant in January 2006. The Prosecution gave no explanation as to
why there was a delay and the judge did not make any finding on this. The
defence, on the other hand, had a simple explanation: the regular payments
over the period 2006 to 2010 represented dividends for the appellant’s share
of Biforst’s profits. This would explain why the time between the alleged
corrupt acts and each payment made were incongruous. No bids were submitted in
2006, yet a payment was made in September 2006 of $35,325.

13 The 2007 tender bids were assessed on 8 October 2007 and Biforst was
selected for three out of the five routes they submitted bids for. There were
three payments for 2007, all evenly spaced: $64,125 in January 2007, $45,000
June 2007, and $67,500 in December 2007. Again, the payments made do not
correspond in time to the awarding of the tender to Biforst. Biforst
eventually signed the 2007 Seagate contract on 15 November 2007. This is much
closer in time to the December 2007 payment than the payments made in 2005.
However, this did not explain the other payments or the fact that the December
2007 payment was not inconsistent (in terms of the amount paid) with the other
two 2007 payments and paid out at a regular interval.

14 Five other payments were made between January 2007 and January 2010. No
tenders were submitted during this period and thus these five payments could
not possibly have been made as an inducement or a reward for the appellant’s
procuring a successful tender. Neither of the parties even mentioned when the
2010 tender was conducted. There was thus no evidence for me to go on to
conclude that the September 2010 payment was causally related to any
assistance rendered by the appellant in the 2010 tender exercise.

15 It will be apparent that the evidence does not show that the 11 payments in
the 2nd to 12th charges were causally related to any assistance which the
appellant may or may not have rendered for the 2005, 2007 and 2010 tender
bids. Given that there was no correspondence of time between these payments
and the awarding of the Seagate tenders to Biforst, the prosecution must point
to something else or, at least, provide a reason to show that these payments
were given as a reward for or an inducement to the appellant to assist them in
securing the Seagate contracts in those years. They have not done so. Hence
these payments could not be said to be gratification for the alleged corrupt
acts. The corrupt element in the 2nd to 12th charges was thus not proved.

16 It was thus not necessary for me to determine whether the appellant was
actively involved in the 2005, 2007 and 2010 tenders, although I have my
doubts that he did. The judge appeared to have accepted the appellant’s
involvement in these tenders (see [12] of the judgment). Curiously, however,
the documentary evidence adduced by the prosecution of the appellant’s
involvement in the tenders related only to the 2004 tender, on which the judge
based his decision. The prosecution must prove each and every charge it brings
on a beyond reasonable doubt standard. In this case, the prosecution attempted
to prove the first charge and then sought to extend the assumptions leading to
that conviction to the other 11 charges. This did not discharge the
prosecution’s burden of proof, particularly since there were three other
tender exercises which may have been different each time. The prosecution was
not entitled, without more, to assume that the other tenders were identical to
the one in 2004.

17 The judge found (at [47] of the judgment) that the nub of the case was the
compromise of “the fairness of the tender process by [the appellant’s] having
beneficial interests in Biforst and taking part in the tender process without
disclosing that he had an interest in the outcome”. This was a fairly accurate
description of the events. It was not, however, for the reasons stated above,
a case of corruption but a case of conflict of interest.

18 The prosecution made much of the fact that the appellant’s actions
contravened Seagate’s conflict of interest policy. It argued, citing _Chan
Wing Seng_ , that as part of the purpose of this policy was to prevent bribes,
then a contravention of that policy must “invariably” lead to the conclusion
that the appellant’s actions were also objectively corrupt. In the first
place, this would be inconsistent with _Chan Wing Seng_. In that case, the
court had observed (at [66]) that if rules or laws governing the prevention of
bribes were breached knowingly, then it would be easier for the court to infer
a corrupt intent on the part of the appellant. The element of a corrupt intent
or guilty knowledge becomes relevant only after an act has been found to be
objectively corrupt. The observations of the court in _Chan Wing Seng_ related
to the probative value of a knowing breach of a rule in establishing the _mens
rea_ of an accused and cannot be employed to establish the _actus reus_ or
objective corrupt element of the offence, much less establish an “invariable”
rule.

19 More importantly, the policy in question (and all policies or principles
governing conflicts of interests) was a broad one directed at allowing “all
employees to represent the company in a positive and ethical manner and to
avoid activities which are in actual or potential conflict, or give the
appearance of being in conflict, with legal and ethical principles or which
are not in the best interests of the Company, its customers, or its
suppliers”. Prevention of bribery may be part of its purpose, but it was not
just directed at the prevention of bribery. In all cases of corruption, the
accused will be induced to and be rewarded for acting in a manner which
conflicted or appeared to conflict with his principal’s affairs. However, not
all conflict situations would amount to corruption under the PCA. Corruption
is a narrow subset of situations which involve a conflict of interest and is
defined under the PCA. The inference that suspicious activities arising from a
conflict of interest must be corrupt must be resisted. The elements of
corruption and in particular, the purpose for which a payment or gratification
was made, must be the test by which we measure whether an act was objectively
corrupt or not.

20 I find that the purpose for the transfer of shares and the payments made
are not causally related to the alleged assistance rendered by the appellant.
It thus cannot be said that they were inducements to or rewards for the
appellant’s act(s). All 12 charges of corruption under s 6(a) of the PCA have
not been made out. I accordingly allow the appellant’s appeal and acquit him
of the 12 charges of corruption.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Sep 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

