Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  N K Rajarh & Ors _v_ Tan Eng Chuan & Ors  
[2013] SGHC 76

Case Number| :| OS No 1199 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 April 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  David De Souza and Kevin De Souza (De Souza Lim & Goh
LLP) for the plaintiffs; Lim Seng Siew (OTP Law Corporation) for 1st and 2nd
defendants; Lai Swee Fung (Unilegal LLC) for 3rd defendant.  
Parties| :|  N K Rajarh & Ors — Tan Eng Chuan & Ors  
  
8 April 2013|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The essential facts in the Originating Summons No 1199/2012/C
(“OS1199/2012”) are relatively simple, though I cannot say the same for the
issues raised here.

2 This application _vide_ OS 1199/2012 is to approve the collective sale of a
3-storey walk-up block of flats known as Harbour View Gardens (Strata Title
Plan No. 927) comprised in Land Lot No. 1789M of Mukim 3 (“the Development”).
The Development is a small residential development of 14 residential units of
different sizes with different share values.

3 The Collective Sale Committee (“CSC”) was appointed on 10 September 2011.
The CSC put up the Development for a collective sale by public tender between
18 April 2012 and 16 May 2012. The reserve price was $34m. No offers to
purchase the Development were received at the close of the tender.
Subsequently, on 19 July 2012, an offer was received to purchase the
Development at the price of $33m. The defendants opposed the collective sale
throughout.

4 On 17 September 2012, the plaintiffs applied to the Strata Title Board
(“STB”) to approve the collective sale. Mediation by the STB proved
unsuccessful. On 26 November 2012, the STB issued a Notice to Stop Order under
s 84A(6B) of the Land Titles Strata Act (Cap 158 Rev Ed 2009)(“LTSA”). The
defendants did not withdraw their objections. Consequently, the STB issued a s
84A stop order on 6 December 2012. The plaintiffs filed OS 1199/2012 on 19
December 2012.

5 Several points were advanced in arguments by counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr
David De Souza (“Mr De Souza”), counsel for the first and second defendants,
Mr Lim Seng Siew (“Mr Lim”), and counsel for the third defendant, Mr Lai Swee
Fung (“Mr Lai”). The points are comprehensively set out in all the written
submissions and reiterated in oral submissions. Essentially, the defendants
object to the sale on the grounds of lack of good faith.

6 In the present case, it is common ground that the subsidiary proprietors of
unit 217, Han Min Juan (“Mr Han”) and Jee Meng Tu (collectively referred to as
“the Hans”) signed the Collective Sale Agreement (“CSA”) and a Supplemental
Agreement (agreeing to the collective sale at a price below the reserve price)
after they were promised an incentive payment of $200,000. The defendants
contended, and it was accepted by the plaintiffs, that this inducement was for
the sole objective of obtaining and achieving the requisite 80% threshold (by
share value and strata area) prescribed by s84A(1A). It was contended on
behalf of the defendants that the sale transaction was not in good faith
because it was wrong to incentivise a subsidiary proprietor in order to secure
the requisite 80%. In this connection, the CSC did not act in a transparent
manner in the sale process, and was in breach of the good faith provision
under the LTSA and at common law. It was further argued that the CSC did not
act even-handedly in the interest of all the subsidiary proprietors because
the additional inducement payment of $200,000 was only offered by the CSC to
one opposing minority owner and not to all opposing minority owners. That is
to say, the CSC’s offer was targeted at the Hans to the prejudice of the
defendants. Mr Lim explained that with the inducement payment of $200,000, the
Hans would receive more money than what they would have gotten even if the
Development was sold at the reserve price of $34m. The final broad objection,
which is tied to the inducement payment of $200,000, related to the method of
distributing the proceeds of sale.

7 I propose to start with Mr De Souza’s interpretation of s 84A(9)(a)(i) of
the LTSA which he mounted in reply to the defendants’ contention that the sale
transaction was not in good faith because of the incentive or inducement
payment of $200,000. Mr De Souza argued that parliament had prescribed three
specific factors under s 84A (9)(a)(i) for the court to take into
consideration when it considers whether or not the transaction was made in
good faith (_viz_. the sale price, the method of distributing the proceeds of
sale and the relationship of the purchaser to any of the subsidiary
proprietors). According to him, the defendants’ contention introduced a new
factor which the court should disregard as it is outside the ambit of the
three specific factors.

8 Mr De Souza’s strict reading of s 84A(9)(a)(i) misses the meaning and intent
of the statutory provision. Andrew Ang J in _Tsai Jean v Har Mee Lee_ [2009] 2
SLR(R) observed (at [24]) that a strict and literal interpretation of the sub-
section in question would render it unworkable. I agree with Ang J’s
observation. Furthermore, the Court of Appeal in _Ng Eng Ghee v Mamata
Kapildev Dave_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 (“ _Horizon Towers”)_ at [133] has ruled
that the duty of “good faith” under s 84A(9)(a)(i) requires the CSC to
discharge its statutory, contractual and equitable functions and duties
faithfully and conscientiously, and to hold an even hand between the
consenting and the objecting owners in the sale process. In short, the CSC has
to discharge its duty of good faith in five (non-exhaustive) areas in relation
to the entire collective sale process. The Court of Appeal in _Chua Choon
Cheng v Allgreen Properties Ltd_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 724 (“ _Allgreen_ ”) took the
opportunity to summarise the five areas in question (at [85]):

To recapitulate, the duty of good faith requires the [CSC] to discharge its
duties in good faith in five specific areas, including but not limited to (a)
the duty of loyalty or fidelity; (b) the duty of even-handedness; (c) the duty
to avoid any conflict of interest; (d) the duty to make full disclosure of
relevant information; and (e) the duty to act with conscientiousness.

9 By s 84A(9)(a)(i) and in the context of this case, the court has to take
into consideration the fact that the sale price of $33m for the lots and the
common property in the strata title plan was below the reserve price of $34m;
and that at the time the offer of $33m was made on 19 July 2012 and even up to
23 July 2012, there was still no requisite 80% consent for a collective sale
at the below reserve price of $33m. As such, this court has to consider how
the 80% threshold for a collective sale at the sale price of $33m was
eventually obtained.

10 In doing so, this court has to take note that RH West Coast Pte Ltd’s (“RH
West Coast”) offer of $33m was received on 19 July 2012 which was one week
before expiry of the ten-week window to proceed with a collective sale by
private treaty (see Third Schedule to LTSA para 11(3)); that there was a rush
to get the Supplementary Agreement signed by the subsidiary proprietors (who
had earlier signed the Collective Sale Agreement (“CSA”)) before 25 July 2012
(which was the last day for the CSC to sign the sale and purchase agreement
with RH West Coast); and that even though the subsidiary proprietors who had
earlier signed the CSA agreed to sign the Supplemental Agreement consenting to
a collective sale below the reserve price, the 80% threshold had still not
been met on 23 July 2012 which was the date of the general meeting. In
determining whether the transaction was in good faith, the court has to also
consider the circumstances which led to an agreement to pay the Hans the sum
of $200,000 as a condition for their signatures on the CSA and the
Supplemental Agreement. Mr N K Rajarh (“Mr Rajarh”) stated in his 2nd
Affidavit (at para 24) that “the objective of the offer was to obtain the
requisite 80% and the Additional Payment was a fixed amount [of $200,000], the
payment would be made to the subsidiary proprietor(s) of the 1st unit that
signed the CSA and the Supplemental Agreement so that the 80% would be
achieved.” Mr Rajarh confirmed in cross-examination that the offer of $200,000
was only made to the Hans. I digress to mention for completeness that Mr
Rajarh was cross-examined instead of Mr Han after Mr De Souza advised that he
could not contact Mr Han to take the stand on 8 March 2013.

11 The LTSA does not specify precisely what it is about the sale price the
court should take into account under s 84(9)(a)(i)(A). However, the approach
as described earlier (see [9] and [10]) above is not dissimilar to the
approach taken by the STB in _Horizon Towers_ and approved by the Court of
Appeal in _Horizon Towers_ at [129] and [130] of that decision.

12 I must emphasise that the true discourse in this case centres on the
collective sale process. As such, the entire collective sale process has to be
scrutinised.

13 This leads me to the CSC’s refusal to provide a copy of the Contribution
Agreement to the defendants. Mr De Souza argued that the Contribution
Agreement was not an agreement signed by the CSC. He stated in his written
submissions that it was signed by several majority subsidiary proprietors who
had voluntarily agreed to contribute a portion of their sale proceeds on legal
completion to incentivize the Hans to sign the CSA and the Supplementary
Agreement (see para 15 of the plaintiffs’ submissions). Mr Rajarh confirmed in
his 2nd Affidavit (at para 31) that the plaintiffs’ refusal to disclose the
Contribution Agreement (he called it the “Compensation Agreement” in his
affidavit) was because it was a private arrangement between the contributing
owners and the Hans, and, as such, the defendants were not entitled to see it.

14 This court ordered Mr Rajarh to disclose the Contribution Agreement on 8
March 2013 in the course of his cross-examination. I must point out that up to
that point in time, the defendants were only aware that the consenting owners
were willing to contribute the additional payment of $200,000 and their
respective lawyers were asking for sight of a copy of the agreement including
the names of the contributors. All the while the defendants were labouring
under the impression that the contributing owners had contracted to pay the
Hans. This was not the case. Following the direction to disclose the
Contribution Agreement, a second agreement surfaced. This was the agreement
where Colliers International (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Colliers”) had contracted
with the Hans on 24 July 2012 (“the Colliers Agreement”) to pay them the
$200,000 in consideration for the Hans signing the CSA and the Supplementary
Agreement. I will come to the significance of the Colliers Agreement shortly.
Suffice it to say at this point that the plaintiffs’ refusal to disclose the
Contribution Agreement for the reason that it was a private arrangement
between some contributing owners with the Hans was disingenuous. The order to
disclose the Contribution Agreement forced the Colliers Agreement to come to
light. The disclosure of the Contribution Agreement revealed that the contract
was between the contributing owners and Colliers. Interestingly, the second
contract was between Colliers and the Hans.

15 At a clarification hearing on 3 April 2013, Mr De Souza was asked, amongst
other things, to explain the Colliers Agreement. The upshot of this was a
further disclosure of e-mail exchanges between Colliers and Miao Miao (the
subsidiary proprietor of unit 219A). Andy Gan of Colliers (“Andy”) sent to
Miao Miao an e-mail on 24 July 2012 (timed at 15:17:52) with the heading “Re
Collective Sale of Harbour View Gardens- Proposed Compensation to Han”. Andy
wrote:

The majority of the owners present [at the general meeting] agreed to
compensate the last owner who [to] sign the CSA at the previously agreed
figure of approximately $230,000.

Your proportion for compensation is also proportionately reduced to only
$15,881.00.

Please sign both copies against your name in the table & get it witnessed
before a notary public or in Singapore consular in Shanghai as suggested by
you.

Please scan a copy & e-mail back first.

Would it also be possible for you to send it back to our address via express
courier?

We need to wrap up this deal by tomorrow, as our deadline for a private treaty
expires 25 July 2012.

16 Miao Miao replied on 24 July 2012 at 16:09:27. He wrote

Thanks Andy for the updating.

I just confirmed appointment with Singapore consular in Shanghai at 1530pm
tomorrow (25 July 2012). Will go there and sign before a consular and then
send you a scanned copy of the documents. The couriered documents should reach
your office on Thursday or latest Friday.

17 Andy’s e-mail mentioned a compensation figure of $230,000 which is $30,000
more than the figure of $200,000 shown in the Contribution Agreement. This
e-mail throws up another line of query in relation to this $30,000. Mr De
Souza dismisses this apparent discrepancy as an error. Mr Lim points out that
there is no evidence to support this claim. Be that as it may, the two
e-mails, at best, established that Miao Miao on the afternoon of 24 July 2012
was in principle agreeable to contribute towards the “proposed compensation to
Han”. There was no binding and enforceable agreement until the formal contract
(_ie_ , the Contribution Agreement) was signed.

18 Not only was Miao Miao’s Contribution Agreement signed on 25 July 2012, his
Supplemental Agreement was also signed on the same date and occasion before
the same Vice-Consul at the Singapore Consulate in Shanghai. The court was not
told the time the CSC signed the sale and purchase contract with RH West
Coast. Putting this latter discreet point aside, the Colliers Agreement was
improper for the reasons explained below. The Collier Agreement has a bearing
on the propriety of the collective sale process. The conduct of the members of
the CSC, who were contributing owners, must also be scrutinised when
considering whether the duty of good faith was observed in the collective sale
process.

19 It is not disputed that the CSC owed duties as a fiduciary to all the
subsidiary proprietors including the defendants. Both groups had conflicting
interests. Thus, the obligation of loyalty to both groups requires the CSC to
act in good faith in the interests of each group. It must not act with the
intention of furthering the interests of one group to the prejudice of the
other. Finally, the CSC as fiduciary must take care not to find itself in a
position where there was actual conflict of duty so that it could not fulfil
its obligations to one group without failing in its obligations to the other.

20 The CSC’s fiduciary relationship with all subsidiary proprietors contains
disclosure obligations. This fiduciary relationship involves expectations of
honesty. An expectation of honesty from the CSC is central to good faith.
Although its requirements are sensitive to context, the test of good faith is
objective. It depends not on a party’s perception of whether conduct is
improper, but on whether the conduct is regarded as commercially unacceptable
by reasonable and honest people (see _Royal Brunei Airlines Sdn Bhd v Tan_
[1995] 2 AC 378).

21 V K Rajah JA in _Allgreen_ at [85] said that in the context of a collective
sale, “the duty of good faith is confined to the conduct of the CSC (and the
majority owners) in relation to the collective sale process”. The conduct of
“the majority owners”, the words in parenthesis at [85] of _Allgreen_ , is to
be understood in the context of members of the CSC who are part of the group
of majority owners in favour of a collective sale. The conduct of “the
majority owners” in parenthesis in the sale process is also to be understood
in the light of Rajah JA’s comments (at [3] of Horizon Towers) in relation to
what is socially and morally unacceptable behaviour:

..,[I]t cannot be gainsaid that, in establishing the statutory scheme,
Parliament had carefully considered both the rights and financial interests of
the objecting subsidiary proprietors. As a class, they have to be adequately
protected from bullying and underhand tactics as well as any potentially
collusive or improper conduct on the part of any of the majority owners. Thus,
detailed modalities were put in place to ensure that the views of objecting
owners are adequately ventilated and their objections independently appraised.
In particular, a State Title Board (“STB”) is expressly empowered to review
the entire sale process and to ensure that it has been carried out in good
faith...

22 I should add that Colliers as the CSC’s appointed marketing agent was, at
all material times, a sub-agent for all the subsidiary proprietors including
the dissenting minority. In _Horizon Towers_ at [107], VK Rajah JA observed
that “ _The [CSC] and advisers also have the duty to avoid any possible
conflict of interest_ ”. In reaching this dicta, VK Rajah JA must have had in
mind para 7 of the Third Schedule of the LTSA that covers the appointment of
property consultants or marketing agent and lawyers in connection with the
collective sale. Therefore, Colliers like the other professional advisers
appointed by the CSC had a duty to avoid any possible conflict of interest.

23 In this case, the CSC and the plaintiffs as representatives of the majority
owners did not disclose the Colliers Agreement to the defendants. Mr De
Souza’s submissions stated that the Contribution Agreement was not the
property of the CSC. Mr De Souza and Mr Rajarh avoided any reference to the
Colliers Agreement. In my view, the Colliers Agreement with the Hans would not
count as a private arrangement between the contributing owners and the Hans.
It was an agreement entered into by Colliers who was a sub-agent of _all
subsidiary proprietors_ in connection with the collective sale. There was
therefore no question that such an agreement had to be disclosed to the
defendants as minority owners.

24 The Colliers Agreement is an important document. Significantly, this
agreement was signed on 24 July 2012. It is clear from reading the Colliers
Agreement that it was Colliers who was contractually obligated to pay the Hans
the sum of $200,000 and the purpose of this payment was to induce them to sign
the CSA and the Supplemental Agreement. The Hans’ signatures were critical to
achieving the 80% threshold needed for the CSC to sell the Development to RH
West Coast Pte Ltd at below the reserve price. The last day for the CSC to
sign the sale and purchase agreement with RH West Coast was on the 25 July
2012.

25 Returning to Mr De Souza’s argument that there was nothing wrong in making
an incentive payment to reach the threshold of 80%, he explained that the LTSA
did not prohibit this, and the Court of Appeal in _Allgreen_ did not
disapprove incentive payments to minority owners. Both Mr Lim and Mr Lai
argued that it was wrong to make incentive payments if the threshold of 80%
was not reached in the first place. _Allgreen_ was distinguishable on the
facts. In that case, the requisite 80% was achieved and the purchaser’s
incentive payment to the non-consenting minority was to obviate the necessity
of a contested hearing before the STB. The purchasers in _Allgreen_ were
striving for unanimous approval. In this case, the incentive was given to
achieve the statutory threshold of not less than 80% (by share value and by
strata area).

26 As I see it, the Colliers Agreement is a material source of concern and, as
such, the nub of the issue is whether the Colliers Agreement was improper in
the context of the collective sale process. The recital (d) to the Colliers
Agreement stated that Colliers was assisting the CSC to obtain the signatures
of not less than 80% (by share value and by strata area) of the subsidiary
proprietors of the Development to the Supplemental Agreement. By recital (e),
Colliers had requested the Hans to sign the CSA and the Supplemental Agreement
and they had agreed to sign on the condition that the gross sale price that
they would receive for their unit was not less than $3,400,693. Colliers
agreed to pay the $200,000. Colliers also obtained, in exchange for the
inducement payment of $200,000, the Hans’ undertaking not to exercise their
statutory right to rescind their signatures to the CSA within 5 days from
their signing the same.

27 Nowhere was it stated in the Colliers Agreement that the $200,000 was from
the contributing owners. By clause 3, Colliers undertook to pay the Hans the
sum of $200,000 upon successful sale of the Development and its legal
completion. Clause 4 reiterated the converse position in clause 3: that
Colliers would not be under any obligation whatsoever to pay $200,000 or any
part thereof to the Hans if the collective sale and legal completion did not
take place. In the event, the CSA and the Supplemental Agreement would also be
deemed cancelled and void.

28 So why did Colliers intervene? Or why was Colliers interposed? If it was a
private arrangement, why was the Contribution Agreement not signed by the
majority owners directly with the Hans? The answer is self-evident. On 24 July
2012, Miao Miao (the subsidiary proprietor of unit 219A) was in Shanghai and
he had yet to sign the Contribution Agreement for his contribution of $15,881.
It cannot be disputed that Miao Miao signed the Contribution Agreement in
Shanghai on 25 July 2012. Significantly, from the signatures found on the
Contribution Agreement on 23 July 2012, the amount pledged was $184,594.
Colliers stepped in or was interposed to “underwrite”, so to speak, the
shortfall of $15,881. Colliers who was acting for the CSC entered directly
into a contract with the Hans on 24 July 2012. Colliers willingness to enter
the Colliers Agreement was obvious. It is evident from the documentary
evidence that Colliers’ commission was payable only if the collective sale was
successful. Colliers put itself in a position where its duties to the CSC and
the defendants conflicted with its own interest.

29 As regards Colliers’ duty as sub-agent of the defendants, Colliers acted
directly against the defendants’ interest not to sell below the reserve price.
Separately, I find that the Colliers Agreement was so drafted and entered into
(before there was a binding and enforceable Contribution Agreement for the
total sum of $200,000) to assist the CSC to act in breach of the fiduciary
duties owed to the defendants by conceiving, planning and assisting in giving
effect to a scheme jointly with those members of the CSC who were also
contributing owners to pay the Hans a cash inducement of $200,000 to achieve
the requisite 80% before the last day for the CSC to sign the sale and
purchase agreement. Members of the CSC who signed the Contribution Agreement
would be hard pressed to deny that they were not aware of the circumstances
that led to the Colliers Agreement. By clause 2 of the Contribution Agreement,
Colliers was required to enter into the Colliers Agreement with the Hans. This
brings into play the CSC’s causal role in engaging Colliers to act in conflict
of interest. The Colliers Agreement was part and parcel of the scheme that was
put in place because Miao Miao had not signed the Contribution Agreement and
Supplemental Agreement consenting to the collective sale at $33m before 25
July 2012.

30 Even if the Colliers Agreement was conceived as a stop-gap measure,
factually, it was on the back of the Colliers Agreement that the Hans signed
the CSA and the Supplemental Agreement on 24 July 2012, and between them, it
was a binding and enforceable agreement. The fact that the Contribution
Agreement was ultimately signed by the last person, Miao Miao, on 25 July 2012
did not make the Colliers Agreement any less improper. It also did not matter
that Colliers would be reimbursed by the contributing owners under the
Contribution Agreement. The fact remains that Colliers had contracted with the
Hans to pay them $200,000 on 24 July 2012. It cannot be denied that the CSC
knew of and acquiesced in Colliers being interposed to contract directly with
the Hans before the entire $200,000 contribution was formally secured for the
purpose of collecting the Hans’ signatures. Even if for the sake of argument
that the CSC was kept in the dark, which is highly unlikely, Colliers’
knowledge as the agent of the CSC would be imputed to the CSC. I agree with
both Mr Lim and Mr Lai that the CSC also did not act in a transparent manner
in the sale process. It breached its duty of disclosure until it was ordered
to disclose the Contribution Agreement and the Colliers Agreement surfaced. It
also breached its obligation of loyalty owed to the dissenting minority
owners. In my view, the CSC’s honesty to the defendants was wanting. It
breached its duty of loyalty and honesty to the defendants by its acquiescence
of the Colliers Agreement and so furthered the interest of the majority owners
to the prejudice of the defendants (see the principles stated in [19] above).
By taking part in the scheme that resulted in the Colliers Agreement, the CSC
acted in conflict of its duty to the defendants. Accordingly, for all these
reasons, the CSC had not acted in good faith in the sale transaction.

31 On the evidence, the $200,000 additional payment was not offered to the
defendants for their respective units. This finding is consistent with other
objective facts in evidence. In the case of the first and second defendants,
they owned two units and it would make no sense for them to agree to sell one
without the other. In short, any incentive payment would be for both units. In
the case of the third defendant, her unit was too small for her consent to be
meaningful. Above all, on the facts, the contributing owners were in no
position to offer the additional payment to all the non-consenting owners
because there was no fund of $200,000 as at 24 July 2012 as not _all_
contributing owners had signed the Contribution Agreement by that time. It was
Colliers who offered and contracted to pay $200,000 to the Hans on 24 July
2012.

32 The 80% threshold is prescribed by parliament. It is a statutory percentage
that was supposed to be reached voluntarily. This understanding is reinforced
by the existence of the statutory cooling-off-period of 5 days designed to
give every subsidiary proprietor who had signed the CSA a chance to retract or
rescind the CSA. This is the statutory right to rescind. In discharging its
responsibility to secure a collective sale, the sale process must be carried
out in good faith. In the context of this case, the participation of Colliers
in cash inducement with the knowledge and acquiescence of the CSC is conduct
that is commercially unacceptable by reasonable and honest people. Such an
inducement was on the CSC’s part an act of bad faith and in breach of
fiduciary duty owed to the defendants.

33 At present, the law does not prohibit incentive or inducement payments to
minority owners _per se_ (see _Allgreen_ at [91]). In _Allgreen_ , there was
no issue with the purchaser making such incentive payments to the minority
owners. After all, within the statutory framework of the LTSA, the purchaser
owed no contractual or legal duty to the majority consenting owners.

34 In _Allgreen_ , the Court of Appeal, in disagreeing that there should be a
general implied term prohibiting the making of inducement payments to minority
owners, acknowledged that (at [72]):

...such a term would mean that even if some of the majority owners, who might
for personal, or even noble, reasons be keen to ensure that the sale is
carried through, they would be unable to incentivise any or all of the
minority owners to alter their stances for the wider common good.

35 I want to add a gloss to the passage above. It should not be objectionable
if subsidiary proprietors (who are not members of the CSC) for noble or other
reasons make such inducement payments directly and privately to a minority
owner. Nevertheless, the clear import from this analysis is that there are
certain parties that are subject to duties of good faith and fidelity in
relation to the minority owners. One group is CSC members and their incentive
payment in their capacity as subsidiary proprietors, but their conduct, will
be invariably subject to the test of good faith. Another group is the CSC’s
professional advisors including its marketing agent like Colliers in this
case.

36 As regards members of the CSC making inducement payments in their capacity
as subsidiary proprietors of their respective units, there is a policy tension
in considering whether they should be permitted to make inducement payments to
minority owners. In fact, in small developments, where a large proportion of
the subsidiary proprietors would inevitably also be members of the CSC, a
blanket prohibition of members of the CSC making additional payments would
seem impractical and arguably contrary to the legislative intent of the
collective sale regime: which is to facilitate rather than impede collective
sales.

37 On the other hand, the argument may be made (a stand taken by the
defendants) that CSC members owe fiduciary duties to all subsidiary
proprietors including minority owners, and are held to a higher standard of
accountability. Members of CSC who are also in the group of majority owners in
favour of a collective sale may well argue (as was the case here) that
incentive payments are personal and made in their capacity as subsidiary
proprietors. Such an argument, in my view, is artificial. Simply put, members
of the CSC as fiduciaries have a higher level of accountability owe a duty to
all subsidiary proprietors in the collective sale process - they cannot be
allowed to enter into engagements which their personal interests conflict with
or which may possibly conflict with the interests of those whom they are bound
to protect. Any incentive payment by any such individual would be scrutinised
and subject to the test of good faith. In the final analysis, each case turns
strictly on its individual facts.

38 In the context of this case, applying the principles set out in [19] above,
the CSC was in breached of its duty as fiduciary in the following manner. The
participation of Colliers in the incentive or inducement payment with the
knowledge and acquiescence of the all six members of CSC who were also the
contributing owners is conduct that is commercially unacceptable by reasonable
and honest people. Such an inducement was on the CSC’s part an act of bad
faith and in breach of fiduciary duty. Furthermore, it was wrong for Colliers
as sub-agent to enter into the Colliers Agreement. The six CSC members knew or
must have known about the conflict of interest that Colliers was placing
itself in. Good faith required the CSC to ensure that it did not allow
conflict of interest faced by its professional advisers (including the
marketing agent) to take a foothold in the transaction (see _Horizon Towers_
at [165]). In this case, the transaction with Colliers involved Mr Han who was
also a CSC member and co-owner of unit 217.

39 Finally, for completeness, I come to the third broad contention, namely the
method of distribution. Mr Lai submitted that the proposed method of
distributing the sale proceeds to all the subsidiary proprietors under s
84A(9)(a)(i)(B) was inaccurate as it did not show the additional $200,000 to
be received by the Hans. In other words, the $200,000 would upset the method
of distribution of the $33m and that this was in breach of the good faith
requirement in s 84A(9)(i)(B). However, I agree with Mr De Souza that the
additional payment was not part of the sale price of $33m under the sale and
purchase agreement.

40 For all the reasons stated, OS 1199/2012 is dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Apr 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

