Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Goldring Timothy Nicholas and others  
[2013] SGCA 59

Case Number| :| Criminal Reference No 4 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mavis Chionh, Jeremy Yeo Shenglong and Nicholas Seng
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the applicant; Wendell Wong, Choo Tse Yun
and Benedict Eoon Zizhen (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Goldring Timothy Nicholas and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 3 SLR 487.]

8 November 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is a Criminal Reference by the Public Prosecutor (hereinafter “the
Prosecution” when used to identify the applicant in the present proceedings)
of six questions of law for determination by this court pursuant to s 397 of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (hereinafter referred to as
the “CPC” or “CPC 2012” to distinguish from other versions of the same Act).
These questions arise from the decision of the judge (“the Judge”) in
_Goldring Timothy Nicholas and others v Public Prosecutor_ [2013] 3 SLR 487
(“the GD”).

The background facts

2 The Respondents were the directors of Profitable Plots Pte Ltd (“the
Company”). On 11 August 2010, pursuant to an order under s 58 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC 1985”), officers from the
Commercial Affairs Department (“the CAD”) searched the Company’s premises and
seized documents, laptops and data storage items belonging to the Company. The
Respondents estimate that about 197,240 individual documents were seized (“the
Seized Documents”). The CAD concurrently issued receipts containing brief
details of the Seized Documents. The Respondents were not given the
opportunity to make copies of the Seized Documents before they were seized.

3 On several occasions after the seizure, the Respondents requested for copies
of specific documents from the CAD, and the CAD consistently acceded to such
requests. The Respondents’ last successful request was made on 21 February
2012. In the midst of this period, the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Act 15 of
2010) (“CPC 2010”) was passed on 19 May 2010 and came into force on 2 January
2011. The CPC 2010 was an Act to repeal and re-enact with amendments the CPC
1985. In particular, the CPC 2010 introduced the new statutory criminal case
disclosure (“CCD”) regime which is in issue in the present Criminal Reference.

4 On 27 March 2012, the Respondents were charged with 86 counts each of
abetment by conspiracy to cheat (“the Charges”). The Charges primarily
involved allegations that the Respondents had knowingly made untrue
representations that money invested in the Company’s investment scheme would
be used exclusively to finance the purchase of certain bonds which had
purportedly been “pre-sold” to major corporations. On 13 April 2012, the 1st
Respondent wrote to the CAD to request for copies of some of the Seized
Documents (“the Schedule A Documents”). This request was rejected on 18 April
2012 on the basis that “the documents will be disclosed in due course as part
of the Prosecution’s disclosure obligations under the [CCD] regime”. On 20
April 2012, the first CCD conference was held. On 29 May 2012, the Case for
the Prosecution was served on the Respondents. On 1, 15 and 25 June 2012, the
Respondents again made requests for copies of the Schedule A Documents. On 26
June 2012, the Prosecution rejected the Respondents’ requests stating that the
Respondents had no legal basis to have those documents.

5 On 17 July 2012, at a subsequent CCD conference, the Respondents made an
application to the Senior District Judge (“the SDJ”) for an order that the
Prosecution provide them with copies of the Schedule A Documents. The SDJ
dismissed this application on 6 August 2012.

6 On 13 August 2012, the Respondents filed Criminal Motion No 73 of 2012 (“CM
73”) seeking, _inter alia_ , orders that:

(a) the SDJ’s order be set aside; and

(b) the Prosecution produce copies of documents listed in the enclosed
schedules (“the Materials”) prior to the Respondents filing their Case for the
Defence.

The Materials were estimated to consist of 5,750 individual documents and
could be broadly classified into the following categories:

(a) records of the accounts of the Company’s clients;

(b) copies of the Company’s marketing material; and

(c) personnel files relating to the Company’s employees.

7 On 31 August 2012, the CPC 2012, which was a revised edition of the CPC
2010, came into operation.

8 In the course of the hearings before the Judge, the Respondents withdrew CM
73 and filed Criminal Revision No 17 of 2012 (“CR 17”) (which was
substantively the same as CM 73) after the Prosecution pointed out and the
Respondents accepted that a Criminal Revision was the appropriate procedure.

The decision in the court below

9 The Judge allowed the Respondents’ application in CR 17 and gave full
written grounds in the GD.

10 As a preliminary point, the Judge first drew a distinction between:

(a) Documents over which an accused person had ownership or legal custody or a
legal right to control immediately before the lawful seizure (“Category 1
Documents”);

(b) Statements made by an accused person to third parties (“Category 2
Documents”); and

(c) Documents belonging to third parties which do not fall under Category 1 or
2 Documents (“Category 3 Documents”).

It was undisputed that the Materials are Category 1 Documents.

11 With these distinctions in mind, the Judge first held that there was a
common law right of access to Category 1 Documents, subject only to reasonable
concerns that allowing access would or would be likely to prejudice the proper
administration of justice. Next, the Judge found that the CCD regime in the
CPC did not affect this right. On the facts of this case, the Judge was of the
view that there was no cogent evidence that the public interest in the due
administration of criminal justice would be harmed if the Respondents were
allowed access to the Materials. The Judge further held that even if there was
no such right of access vested in the Respondents, the document-intensive
nature of the pending criminal proceedings was such that the justice of the
case required the Materials to be made available to the Respondents pursuant
to s 6 of the CPC.

The questions referred

12 The Prosecution referred six questions (“the Questions”) for determination
by this court pursuant to s 397 of the CPC. They are as follows:

Question 1: Where documents have been seized by the police in the lawful
exercise of their investigative powers, whether at common law, a person’s
ownership or legal custody of or legal right to control the documents so
seized gives that person a right to access (or to make copies of) the
documents while they are in the possession of the police and before
investigation or prosecution of the criminal matter has been concluded.

Question 2: Whether the answer to Question 1 would be the same if the person
making the request for the access (or for copies) has been arrested for a
criminal offence, and the documents were seized as part of investigations into
the offence.

Question 3: Whether the answer to Question 1 would be the same if the person
making the request for access (or for copies) has been charged with a criminal
offence and the documents were seized as part of investigations into the
offence charged.

Question 4: If the answer to Question 1 is positive, whether a criminal motion
is the appropriate procedure to be adopted by a person seeking to enforce his
right of access to, or to make copies of, the documents seized, if the police
decline to permit such access or copying.

Question 5: If the answer to Question 1 is positive, and if the [CCD]
provisions in the [CPC] apply to the person making the request for access to
(or for copies of) the documents, then in cases where the documents are listed
as exhibits in the Case for the Prosecution, whether the right of access to
(or for copies of) the documents is subject to the CCD disclosure provisions.

Question 6: Whether in situations where the CCD regime for criminal cases
applies, and where the documents seized from the accused person fall within
the purview of the CCD regime, the courts are precluded from invoking s 6 of
the CPC to create new procedures to allow accused persons access to, or copies
of, the seized documents.

The main issues arising

13 In our view, in order to answer the Questions, it would be important to
first deal with the main issues which arise from the Questions themselves.
Indeed, the Prosecution itself adopted a similar approach in its written
submissions.[note: 1] We are of the view that the three main issues arising
from the Questions are as follows:

(a) whether there is any common law right permitting a person access to
Category 1 Documents and to make copies thereof and, if so, whether there are
any limits to this (“Issue 1”);

(b) whether, if the common law right referred to in (a) above exists, such a
right is compatible with the CPC and, in particular, with the CCD regime set
out therein (“Issue 2”); and

(c) whether, if the common law right referred to in (a) above does not in fact
exist, a right to access ought nevertheless to be recognised pursuant to s 6
of the CPC (“Issue 3”).

14 We will deal with each of these issues _seriatim_ before proceeding to
answer the Questions. However, before doing so, we need to deal with a
preliminary objection raised by the Respondents.

A preliminary objection by the Respondents

15 In the Respondents’ written submissions, they mounted a preliminary
procedural challenge to the present Criminal Reference filed by the
Prosecution. To provide the context of the Respondents’ arguments, it would be
useful to first set out ss 397(1) and (2) of the CPC:

**Reference to Court of Appeal of criminal matter determined by High Court in
exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction**

**397.** —(1) When a criminal matter has been determined by the High Court in
the exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction, and a party to the
proceedings wishes to refer any question of law of public interest which has
arisen in the matter and the determination of which by the Judge has affected
the case, that party may apply to the Court of Appeal for leave to refer the
question to the Court of Appeal.

(2) The Public Prosecutor may refer any question of law of public interest
without the leave of the Court of Appeal.

16 The first plank of the Respondents’ challenge is that s 397(2) of the CPC
does not have the same deeming effect as its precursor provision in s 60(5) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA 2007”)
(now repealed). The relevant sub-sections of s 60 of the SCJA 2007 are
reproduced below:

**Reference to Court of Appeal of criminal matter determined by High Court in
exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction**

**60**.—(1) When a criminal matter has been determined by the High Court in
the exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction, the Judge may on
the application of any party, and shall on the application of the Public
Prosecutor, _reserve_ for the decision of the Court of Appeal any question of
law of public interest which has arisen in the matter and the determination of
which by the Judge has affected the case.

...

(5) For the purposes of this section, _any question of law which the Public
Prosecutor applies to be reserved or regarding which there is a conflict of
judicial authority shall be deemed to be a question of public interest._

[emphasis added]

The Respondents argued that in the circumstances, the Prosecution still needs
to prove all four elements that would ordinarily have to be proved for leave
to be granted to refer a question of law of public interest pursuant to s
397(1) of the CPC. These four elements are that: (a) the question is a
question of law; (b) the question of law is a question of law of public
interest; (c) the question arose from the decision of the High Court in the
exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction; and (d) the
determination of the question by the High Court had affected the outcome of
the case. The second plank of the Respondents’ challenge is that these
elements are not made out in the present case.

17 In our view, the difference in the wording between s 397(2) of the CPC and
s 60(5) of the SCJA 2007 does _not_ support the Respondents’ case. To provide
a full explanation it would be necessary to traverse the history of these two
provisions.

18 The precursor to s 60 of the SCJA 2007 was s 60 of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA 1985”). The relevant sub-
sections of s 60 of the SCJA 1985 are reproduced below:

**Reference to the Court of Criminal Appeal on appeal from subordinate
court.**

**60.** —(1) When an appeal from a decision of a subordinate court in a
criminal matter has been determined by the High Court, the Judge may on the
application of any party and **_shall_** _on the application of the Public
Prosecutor reserve for the decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal any
question of law of public interest which has arisen in the course of the
appeal and the determination of which by the Judge has affected the event of
the appeal._

…

(5) For the purposes of this section but without prejudice to the generality
of its provisions —

(a) any question of law regarding which there is a conflict of judicial
authority shall be deemed to be a question of public interest; and

(b) the reservation of a question of law for the consideration of the High
Court under the provisions of any written law relating to criminal procedure
or the exercise by the High Court of any power of revision under any such
written law shall be deemed to be an appeal from a decision of a subordinate
court in a criminal matter.

[emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

19 The scope of s 60 of the SCJA 1985 was considered by the Singapore High
Court in _Public Prosecutor v Bridges Christopher_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 681 (“
_Bridges (HC)_ ”). The court held that it was only when a question brought by
the Public Prosecutor fell within the four corners of s 60 that the High Court
was bound to refer the question to the Court of Appeal (see _Bridges (HC)_ at
[11]). The word “shall” in s 60(1) of the SCJA 1985 did not remove the court’s
duty to determine whether a question of law which was sought to be reserved
for the decision of the Court of Appeal was one of public interest (see
_Bridges (HC)_ at [15]–[16]). In particular, the court made the following
observations (_Bridges (HC)_ at [15]):

15 An application may have been made to state a question of law because it is
thought that it is in the public interest that a principle of law arising from
the case be correctly and authoritatively decided. On the other hand, an
application may have been made because it is thought that it is in the public
interest that justice is done in the individual case and that a disguised
appeal should be launched. _Unless there is an express provision otherwise in
s 60 of the SCJA, the court should not abdicate the duty of sieving the former
from the latter to the office of the Public Prosecutor. Had it been the
Legislature’s intention that any question of law, no matter how trivial or
settled, is presumed or deemed to be a question of law of public interest
merely because it is stated by the Public Prosecutor, there would be nothing
simpler than for it to state this expressly._ [emphasis added]

The High Court’s determination of this issue in _Bridges (HC)_ was in turn
approved by the Court of Appeal in _Public Prosecutor v Bridges Christopher_
[1997] 3 SLR(R) 467 (“ _Bridges (CA)_ ”) (see _Bridges (CA)_ at [19]–[24]).

20 Subsequently, s 60 of the SCJA 1985 was amended to state that any question
of law referred by the Public Prosecutor was deemed to be a question of public
interest (“the 1998 amendments”). During the second reading of the Supreme
Court of Judicature (Amendment) Bill (No 40/98), the then Minister for Law
Prof S Jayakumar (“Prof Jayakumar”) explained as follows (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (26 November 1998) vol 69 at col 1630
(“ _26 November 1998 Parliamentary Debates_ ”)):

…

_Reasons for deeming a question of law referred by Public Prosecutor to Court
of Appeal arising from criminal appeal determined by High Court to be a
question of public interest._

Let me now deal with the second amendment which is to amend section 60 to deem
any question of law referred by the Attorney-General to the Court of Appeal
(CA) arising from any criminal matter determined by the High Court to be a
question of public interest.

Presently, under section 60, when an appeal from a decision of a Subordinate
Court in a criminal matter has been determined by the High Court, the Judge
may, on the application of any party and shall, on the application of the
Public Prosecutor, reserve for the question of the Court of Appeal any
question of law of public interest which has arisen in the course of the
appeal. However, the existing provision in relation to the Public Prosecutor
is unsatisfactory because the issue of whether a question of law is one of
public interest is determined exclusively by the High Court. The result
therefore is that the Public Prosecutor may be prevented from seeking a
conclusive ruling from the Court of Appeal on questions which the Public
Prosecutor considers to be of public interest.

If the Members of the House are aware, under the Constitution, the Attorney-
General, who is also the Public Prosecutor, is charged with the responsibility
for the conduct of all criminal prosecutions and for advising the Government
on legal matters. In order to properly discharge his constitutional duties,
the Attorney-General feels, and the Government agrees with him, that he should
be given the freedom to pose questions which he considers to be of public
interest for a conclusive ruling by the Court of Appeal.

[emphasis in original]

21 It is also relevant to note that Parliament clearly intended these
amendments to bridge the legislative gap identified in _Bridges (HC)_ and
_Bridges (CA)_ in the Prosecution’s favour. In response to questions from the
House, Prof Jayakumar stated as follows (see the _26 November 1998
Parliamentary Debates_ at cols 1660–1661):

…

It may be useful for me to explain to this House why is it that the Attorney-
General’s conclusion that the question he is posing or is applying to refer a
matter of public interest must be taken to be a public interest. And the best
I can do is to reproduce part of the judgement of the Court of Appeal in the
Public Prosecutor v Bridges Christopher case (1998). In that case, the
argument was made by the Attorney-General. But the court found that his
submissions were “compelling” but felt that the existing provision was not
appropriately worded. This is what the Attorney-General argued, and this is
summarised by the Court in its judgement and I think it succinctly puts
forward the rationale for this amendment to section 60. I quote:

“The Public Prosecutor is responsible for and represents the State in all
criminal prosecutions. He is also the Chief Legal Adviser to the Government on
what the law is. He has a duty to enforce what he believes to be the right law
which no one has. Therefore if he does not agree with the law as pronounced by
the High Court, he should be entitled to go to the Court of Appeal for a final
ruling. Accordingly, the Public Prosecutor submitted in the case that any
Public Prosecutor’s questions which satisfy the three conditions would
invariably be one of public interest based on the need to have a final ruling
for future cases. He further submitted that a determination by the Court of
Appeal advances the public interest in reinforcing the finality principle in
the following ways: (a) the Public Prosecutor is thereafter able to decide on
prosecutions in accordance with the Court of Appeal's decision; (b) the Public
Prosecutor is able to advise the Government on whether or not it is desirable
to change the law; and (c) where the Court of Appeal upholds the Public
Prosecutor's case, all convictions and acquittals founded on that principle of
law are likely to end at the Subordinate Courts.”

Sir, since the Court of Appeal’s judgement is that the Attorney-General’s
submissions were compelling, the Government has agreed to give effect to it.

…

22 In other words, the 1998 amendments were specifically intended to deem that
any question of law referred by the Public Prosecutor was a question of law of
public interest. The Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 1998 (No 43
of 1998) was subsequently passed and came into force, thereby repealing s 60
of the SCJA 1985 and enacting what eventually became s 60 of the SCJA 2007
(reproduced above at [16]). The aforementioned intention of Parliament was
also reflected in the express wording of s 60(5) of the SCJA 2007. As the
requirement of a question of law of public interest encompassed two of the
four criteria for leave to be granted, that meant that the Prosecution still
needed to prove the remaining elements in s 60(1) of the SCJA 2007 (_ie_ ,
that there was a question of law which had arisen from the decision of the
High Court in the exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction and
the determination of which by the judge had affected the case).

23 In _Bachoo Mohan Singh v Public Prosecutor and other applications_ [2010] 1
SLR 966 (“ _Bachoo Mohan Singh_ ”) at [50], this court confirmed that,
following the 1998 amendments, the Public Prosecutor’s determination that a
question of public interest has arisen can no longer be queried by the High
Court when deciding whether or not to grant leave for that question to be
referred to the Court of Appeal.

24 We now come to the amendment of s 60 of the SCJA 2007 (reproduced above at
[16]) to its present form in s 397 of the CPC (reproduced above at [15]). We
note that most of the substantive amendments to the law (_viz_ , the CPC) were
discussed in Parliament when the Criminal Procedure Code Bill (No 11/2010) was
read, but nothing was said about s 397 (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (18 May 2010) vol 87 (“ _18 May 2010 Parliamentary Debates_
”) at cols 407–464 and _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (19
May 2010) vol 87 at cols 540–576). An argument that could thus be made is that
save for the fact that the leave application is now to be determined by the
Court of Appeal and not by the High Court (which is not disputed by the
parties), Parliament did not have the intention of changing the law as it
stood in the SCJA 2007 (see above at [22]). If that is the case, then under
the CPC, the Public Prosecutor still needs to satisfy this court that the
question of law (which is statutorily deemed to be one of public interest) had
also arisen from the decision of the High Court in the exercise of its
appellate or revisionary jurisdiction and that its determination by the judge
has affected the case, so as to obtain the leave of this court. Alternatively,
an even higher argument could also be made that the Public Prosecutor needs to
fulfil _all four limbs_ to obtain leave of court under the CPC given: (a) the
wording of s 397(1) (reproduced above at [15]), in particular, the reference
to “a party to the proceedings” instead of simply “an accused person” or “the
Public Prosecutor”; (b) the title of s 397 which states “Reference to Court of
Appeal of criminal matter _determined by the High Court in exercise of its
appellate or revisionary jurisdiction_ ” [emphasis added]; and (c) the absence
of a deeming provision similar to s 60(5) of the SCJA 2007 (reproduced at [16]
above). In fact, this second argument was the position taken by the
Respondents, although point (a) mentioned in the preceding sentence was not
raised by them.

25 However, in our view, the two possible interpretations in the preceding
paragraph _cannot_ be what Parliament had intended. The _express_ language of
s 397(2) of the CPC is crystal clear – “The Public Prosecutor may refer any
question of law of public interest without the leave of the Court of Appeal”.
To interpret s 397 as being the same as s 60 of the SCJA 2007 and to hold that
the Public Prosecutor needs to also satisfy this court that the other (or all)
requirements for leave are made out would fly in the very face of the
_express_ language of s 397(2) and is thus impermissible. Therefore,
notwithstanding the factors mentioned in the preceding paragraph, given the
clear and _express_ language of s 397(2), we find that Parliament had in
effect widened the scope of the Public Prosecutor’s ability to refer questions
to this court. Put simply, under the CPC, the Public Prosecutor can refer any
question that it wishes to refer to the Court of Appeal without having to
obtain leave to do so.

26 We hasten to clarify this does _not_ mean that the Court of Appeal is
invariably _bound_ to answer all questions referred to it by the Public
Prosecutor. In our view s 397(2) of the CPC statutorily permits the Public
Prosecutor to leapfrog the _leave_ stage. This, however, does not affect the
Court of Appeal’s exercise of its jurisdiction at the _substantive_ stage.
When exercising its _substantive_ jurisdiction under s 397, the Court of
Appeal will naturally consider whether the case before it falls truly within
the scope of that particular provision. This, in turn, entails considering
whether all the requirements in s 397(1) are made out. Thus, for example, in
_Phang Wah v Public Prosecutor and another matter_ [2012] SGCA 60, where the
application for a criminal reference was brought by the accused person under s
60 of the SCJA 2007, this court decided that no question of law of public
interest had in fact arisen in the case although the judge below granted leave
to refer the questions concerned to this court. We nevertheless answered the
questions put before us, but this was only out of deference to the efforts of
counsel.

27 We note, parenthetically, that our comments in the preceding paragraph
might, at first blush, appear to render s 397(2) of the CPC somewhat
toothless. But this is not in fact the case in the final analysis. Pursuant to
s 397(2), the Public Prosecutor is given the procedural advantage of being
able to leapfrog the leave stage (presumably for the policy reasons referred
to above at [20]–[21]). In this regard, we would emphasise a point already
made: that there are, in fact, actually two distinct stages under s 397, _viz_
, the leave stage and the substantive stage, the former being a procedural
sieve for the latter. We recognise that some confusion might potentially arise
because, under the CPC, the Court of Appeal now presides over _both_ the leave
stage and the substantive stage, resulting in a less distinct line between the
two stages compared to when the leave stage was heard by the High Court under
the SCJA regime.

28 In short, even though the Public Prosecutor can technically bring a free-
standing abstract question of law of public interest to the Court of Appeal by
leapfrogging the leave stage, this does not mean that the Court of Appeal is
bound to answer it. Unless and until Parliament clearly evinces the intention
to change our regime to mirror that in the United Kingdom where the Attorney-
General can refer questions of law for determination delinked from the
underlying case through the procedure known as the Attorney-General’s
Reference (see s 36 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (c 71) (UK)), we trust
that parties will refrain from bringing such applications before this court.

29 In the present case, we find that the Questions meet the requirements under
s 397(1) of the CPC. Whilst Questions 2, 3 and 4 (reproduced above at [12])
did not _explicitly_ arise as distinct issues in the proceedings below, they
are all inextricably linked to the main issues decided by the Judge. In our
view, the Respondents’ objection to the Questions was far too technical. We
therefore dismiss the Respondents’ preliminary procedural objection. We now
turn to address the first of the three main substantive issues identified in
[13] above, _viz_ , whether there is any common law right permitting a person
access to Category 1 Documents and to make copies thereof and, if so, whether
there are any limits to such a right.

Issue 1

Is there a common law right of access?

30 Put simply, the Prosecution argues that such a common law right never
existed in the first place. Not surprisingly, the Respondents adopted a
diametrically opposite view. The Judge found in favour of the Respondents,
holding that there was such a right.

Arguments from precedent and legal principle

31 It would be an understatement to observe that the Prosecution has mounted a
root and branch attack against any argument that purports to support a common
law right. Indeed, in the present proceedings, the Prosecution argues
vigorously that the principal authority relied upon by the Judge in the court
below, the English Court of Appeal decision of _Arias & Others v Commissioner
for the Metropolitan Police & Another_ (1984) 128 SJ 784, _The Times_ , 1
August 1984 (“ _Arias_ ”), did _not_ support the existence of a common law
right. Although this particular argument was raised by the Prosecution as a
second submission in this particular regard, we think it is more appropriate
to consider it first.

32 The Prosecution first seeks to distinguish _Arias_ from the present
situation. In its written submissions, the Prosecution argues that the
appellants in _Arias_ were actually third parties to a criminal proceeding
because in its view, it did not appear that the appellants concerned had been
charged, and it was not clear whether they (the said appellants) were ever
under investigation.[note: 2] It is further argued by the Prosecution that the
application in _Arias_ was not made in the context of a criminal proceeding
(since they were not parties to any prosecution) and was not based on any
criminal procedural rules.[note: 3]

33 With respect, we do not see the relevance of the arguments proffered by the
Prosecution set out in the preceding paragraph. Indeed, it is clear from a
close reading of the judgment of May LJ in _Arias_ that, although the
appellants concerned had not been charged, they were clearly under
investigation with regard to possible _criminal_ offences. As the learned Lord
Justice observed:

… What the officer swore in that affidavit was:

“I fear that if they” – that is, the documents or copies – “are disclosed
**_at this stage of the investigation_** there is a real danger of my
investigations being hampered; and such disclosure would afford an opportunity
**_for any person at present under suspicion, to attempt to fabricate a
defence_**.”

That claim was, as I say, further detailed in the second affidavit sworn by
the detective constable. The relevant paragraph is paragraph 4, and I think it
necessary to read the paragraph in full:

“The essential information which is contained in the trading documents” --
that is one category of those (or copies) whose production is required -- “is
the date and reference number of the transaction and the price struck. **_If
this information were to be made available to the suspects at this stage of
the investigation_** , it would enable them, if so minded, to attempt to cover
their tracks by the production of other documents based on the information
contained in the documents which I hold. **_If charges are preferred the
production of such documents, requiring the access to actual or potential
witness, would be more difficult to achieve, and easier to detect._**

The information contained in the correspondence in category (iii)” -- that is
the other remaining category of documents in issue … -- “contains detailed
information regarding the suspects’ real and purported transactions and **_if
the suspects had access to the information contained in that correspondence at
this stage, I again fear that they would then be in a position to attempt to
cover their tracks and thus hamper the completion of the investigation_**. The
same considerations apply to the last category of documents as they contain
information which is likely to be material evidence if charges are preferred
against Mr Collin”

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

34 And, lest it be argued by the Prosecution that the police officer in
_Arias_ was referring to a pool of suspects at large (which _excluded_ the
appellants in that case), the following observation by Kerr LJ should make it
clear that the principles laid down in _Arias_ were intended to apply to
owners of Category 1 Documents who were under suspicion and being investigated
by the police:

…

There may well be cases in which the public interest of investigating crime
and bringing criminals to trial and conviction would go so far as to
**_justify withholding from suspects, who are the owners of documents in the
possession of the police_** , even copies of them until a prosecution is
either brought or it is decided not to prosecute them or some other person.
Some such instances were canvassed in argument and can be imagined … But the
court must be satisfied that in all the circumstances of each case the balance
between the public interest and the rights of the plaintiff requires the
drastic decision which is sought in the present case, to refuse to the
appellant even copies of the documentary evidence in the possession of the
police. No case to which we were referred has gone so far, although for my
part such cases cannot be ruled out in principle.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

35 Even if we ignore the speculation inherent in the arguments by the
Prosecution and assume, for the sake of argument, that the request made by the
appellants in _Arias_ for access to their own documents for the purpose of
taking copies of the same at their own expense was made in the context of
_civil_ proceedings instead, we would have thought that the argument in favour
of access will be an _a fortiori_ one in the context of _criminal_ proceedings
simply because liberty (and possibly even life) is at stake.

36 Next, the Prosecution argues that the relevant observations by the court in
_Arias_ which appeared to suggest that such a right existed were not central
to the actual decision in the case itself because the parties concerned in
that case had _not disputed_ the existence of the right (or, put simply, had
assumed that it existed in the first place). In this regard, the Prosecution
cites the following passage from the judgment of Kerr LJ in _Arias_ :

In this case both parties are one in saying that the defendants, the police,
have all the documents involved in this investigation. They are **_agreed_**
_that they belong to the appellant –_** _or_** _, at any rate, that he is
entitled_ , **_subject to the question of public interest_** , to possession
of them.

The issue is solely as to the information contained in those documents, since
the appellant only seeks access to them for the purpose of taking copies at
his own expense. The issue is therefore whether this is to be denied to the
appellant **_on the ground of the public interest_** _._

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In the circumstances, the Prosecution submits that the main issue before the
court in _Arias_ was whether or not _the public interest considerations_
justified the non-disclosure of the documents concerned on the part of the
police.

37 Even if we were to accept the argument that the existence of the common law
right of access was not in issue before the court in _Arias_ , this would
merely render the views of the judges in _Arias obiter dicta_. However, we do
not think that this was the case. The arguments centring on the public
interest (and the issue of their viability) are, in our view, fundamentally
(and inextricably) connected to their roots, _viz_ , the existence of the
common law right. Indeed, it seems to us that the parties in _Arias_ did not
dispute the existence of that right and proceeded straight to the argument as
to the _scope_ of that right because its existence was (as the judges in
_Arias_ observed) so obvious and self-evident to begin with. Indeed, this was
precisely Kerr LJ’s view when he observed as follows:

…

In these circumstances, I agree that there is nothing like enough to tilt the
balance against the appellant by a refusal of the **_relatively self-evident
right_** which he claims, and to accord to the police the unusually draconian
power which they seek.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

38 This could also explain the approach adopted by the English High Court in
another case which pre-dated _Arias_ , _viz_ , _Frank Truman Export Ltd and
Others v Metropolitan Police Commissioner_ [1977] 1 QB 952 (“ _Frank Truman
Export_ ”), where Swanwick J made the following observation at _the very end
of_ his judgment, as follows (at 966):

… In the present case, although I hold that the police are entitled to retain
the documents, I think it would be **_only fair and right_** that they _should
take immediate steps to supply Mr. Wood with copies, if he desires it, and, if
necessary, with photocopies of them, and to allow inspection of those alleged
to be forgeries._ [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Although this was stated at the end of his judgment, the learned judge did
not, in our view, append this observation as a mere afterthought. It is worded
in a clear and unambiguous fashion and (more importantly) conveys the
impression of self-evidence which finds its foundation in the very basic ideas
of due process and fair play. Hence, the fact that there is no further
elaboration by the judge of this view is not in the least surprising. The
basic ideas of due process and fair play are, in fact, part of the _larger
canvass_ of _legal principle_ which ought, in the final analysis, to be the
litmus test for the existence of a right of access to one’s own documents (as
opposed to the more specific and, with respect, technical and legalistic
arguments which were canvassed before this court). We hasten to add that this
is not to state that specific legal arguments are irrelevant. They are an
integral part of the process of common law reasoning. However, they are not
ends in themselves but are merely aids to the understanding of the
foundational legal principles which have as their ultimate aim the attainment
of justice and fairness in the case at hand.

39 In this regard, it is apposite to set out the following observations made
in the Singapore High Court decision of _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Ng Huat
Foundations Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 425 (“ _Ng Huat Foundations_ ”) (at
[4]–[9]):

4 It is axiomatic that every party ought to have its day in court. This is the
very embodiment of _procedural_ justice. The appellation “procedural” is
important. Procedural justice is just one aspect of the holistic ideal and
concept of justice itself. In the final analysis, the achievement of a
substantively just result or decision is the desideratum. It is more than
that, however. It is not merely an ideal. It must be a practical outcome – at
least as far as the court can aid in its attainment.

5 However, the court must be extremely wary of falling into the flawed
approach to the effect that “the ends justify the means”. This ought never to
be the case. The obsession with achieving a substantively fair and just
outcome does not justify the utilisation of any and every means to achieve
that objective. There must be fairness in the _procedure or manner_ in which
the final outcome is achieved.

6 Indeed, if the procedure is unjust, that will itself taint the outcome.

7 On the other hand, a just and fair procedure does _not_ , in and of itself,
ensure a just outcome. In other words, procedural fairness is a necessary but
not sufficient condition for a fair and just result.

8 The quest for justice, therefore, entails a continuous need to balance the
procedural with the substantive. More than that, it is a continuous attempt to
ensure that both are _integrated_ , as far as that is humanly possible. Both
_interact_ with each other. One cannot survive without the other. There must,
therefore, be - as far as is possible - a fair and just procedure that leads
to a fair and just result. This is not merely abstract theorising. It is the
_very basis_ of what the courts do - and ought to do. When in doubt, the
courts would do well to keep these bedrock principles in mind. This is
especially significant because, in many ways, this is how, I believe,
laypersons perceive the administration of justice to be. The legitimacy of the
law in their eyes must never be compromised. On the contrary, it should, as
far as is possible, be enhanced.

9 It is true, however, that in the sphere of practical reality, there is often
a _tension_ between the need for procedural justice on the one hand and
substantive justice on the other. The task of the court is to attempt, as I
have pointed out in the preceding paragraph, to _resolve_ this tension. There
is a _further_ task: it is to actually attempt, simultaneously, to _integrate_
these two conceptions of justice in order that justice in its fullest orb may
shine forth.

[emphasis in original]

40 Although the observations in _Ng Huat Foundations_ were made in the context
of civil proceedings, they would, in our view, apply _equally_ , if not more
forcefully, to _criminal proceedings_. Indeed, to state that _procedural_
justice in the form of _due process_ is an essential (even critical)
requirement of every set of criminal proceedings is to state the obvious. This
does not – as the observations quoted in the preceding paragraph clearly
emphasise – necessarily ensure that there will be a just and fair _outcome_
(which is the tangible hallmark of _substantive_ justice). However, as those
very observations also emphasise, _without procedural justice or due process,
it will be impossible to achieve any substantively just and fair result at
all_. To reiterate, “if the procedure is unjust, that will itself taint the
outcome” (see _Ng Huat Foundations_ at [6], quoted above at [39]).

41 With these legal principles in mind, the key question in the present case
is this: Would the recognition of the common law right be consistent with – or
even buttress – the accused’s right to due process in general and a fair trial
in particular? We are of the view that the answer to this question must surely
be in the affirmative – provided that certain limits are set to ensure that
this right is not abused, lest the trial in fact becomes _unfair_ inasmuch as
it affords the accused an illegitimate advantage in the forensic process. We
pause to note, at this juncture, that there are indeed limits to the common
law right which were also acknowledged by the Judge in the court below and
which we will be dealing with in more detail below (at [61]–[71]). Returning
to the question posed, we agree entirely with the following observations by
the Judge in the court below (see the GD at [74]–[75]) which, whilst made in
the context of s 6 of the CPC, are _equally_ (if not more) applicable to the
present issue, not least because, in our view, there is a more than
substantial overlap (and perhaps even a coincidence) between the common law
and s 6 (see the discussion below at [84]–[86]):

74 In my view, allowing access by an accused person to Category 1 Documents is
**_entirely consistent with notions of a fair trial_**. It would be inimical
to one’s sense of justice to prevent any right of access, whether supervised
or not, to an accused person of documents he had previously _owned_ or to
which he had a legal right to _possess_ or _control_ before they were seized
from him by law enforcement authorities, if there was no reasonable likelihood
of a threat to the countervailing public interest of upholding the
administration of criminal justice. Giving an accused person access to
Category 1 Documents would, _inter alia_ , **_allow him to better prepare his
case, with the benefit of material which he would have had access to but for
the seizure and in sufficient time, so that he may better put forward his
defence against the charges preferred against him at the trial_**. **_Bearing
in mind the fundamental point that it was Category 1 Documents (and not
Category 2 Documents or Category 3 Documents)_** which were in issue, it was
only by allowing such access that **_basic principles of due process could be
adequately observed_**.

75 The crux of the Application before me was not one of giving an advantage to
the Defence to the detriment of the Prosecution but rather one of striking a
fair balance between the Defence and the Prosecution **_by upholding basic
principles of fair play_** while, as I have explained …, remaining within the
legitimate margin of appreciation left by Parliament to the courts. If the
Prosecution reasonably believes that, on the facts of any given case, the
grant of access to Category 1 Documents would be contrary to the public
interest, it may always justify its position by reference to cogent evidence
... It would then be for the courts to decide, in disputed cases, whether
access should be granted at all or on terms.

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics and bold
underlined italics]

42 We should also point out that there are other concerns centring on due
process which the Judge also considered in the GD – particularly in the
practical sphere. We will return to this point below (at [67]–[69]).

43 In any event (and returning to the more specific arguments), even assuming
for the moment that the views in _Arias_ were _obiter dicta_ (which we think
is an incorrect assumption (see also above at [37])), the contents of the
observations themselves are clear and unambiguous and we are minded to agree
with and, indeed, endorse them. In this regard, it bears setting out, _in
extenso_ , the relevant observations by both May and Kerr LJJ in _Arias_ ,
especially since they are not readily available in the more common reports
(which observations were also reproduced by the Judge in the court below (see
the GD at [22])).

44 Turning, first, to the judgment of May LJ in _Arias_ , the learned Lord
Justice observed as follows:

… [I]n all these cases what the court has to do is to conduct the appropriate
balancing exercise. I would not wish it to be thought that in every case
something more than the mere statement of belief on reasonable grounds on the
part of the relevant police officer … is required. Each of these cases, in
which this conflict of public interests arises, has to be decided upon its own
facts having regard to all the circumstances of the case as they then appear
to the court. Doing the _balancing exercise_ in the present case … _I am
driven to the conclusion that the fact that_** _these documents are the
appellants’ own documents_** _, and that they are only asking for copies of
them to enable the trust business to be carried on_ , **_even if they may wish
to prepare their defence to any criminal prosecution which may hereafter be
instituted, leads to the balance coming down clearly in favour of the
appellants_****.** It is, I agree, a strong thing to say not merely that these
officers are entitled to retain the original documents which are potentially
exhibits in subsequent criminal proceedings, but also to contend that, at any
rate for a substantial period, the owners of those documents shall not even be
entitled to look at them or take copies of them. ... [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

45 And Kerr LJ observed as follows:

In this case both parties are at one in saying that the defendants, the
police, have all the documents involved in this investigation. They are agreed
that they belong to the appellant -- or, at any rate, that he is entitled,
subject to the question of public interest, to possession of them.

The issue is solely as to the information contained in those documents, since
the appellant only seeks access to them for the purpose of taking copies at
his own expense. The issue is therefore whether this is to be denied to the
appellant on the ground of the public interest.

_There may well be cases in which the public interest of investigating crime
and bringing criminals to trial and conviction would go so far as to justify
withholding from suspects, who are the owners of documents in the possession
of the police, even copies of them until a prosecution is either brought or it
is decided not to prosecute them or some other person._ Some such instances
were canvassed in argument and can be imagined. For instance, to give only one
obvious kind of illustration, if the documents contain information which would
facilitate further crime or alleged crime, or the location, codes or numbers
of deposit boxes or other hiding places where incriminating evidence or stolen
property might be secreted, it would obviously be against the public interest
to make this information available even to the owner of the documents by
giving him unrestricted access to them. **_But the court must be satisfied
that in all the circumstances of each case the balance between the public
interest and the rights of the plaintiff requires the drastic decision which
is sought in the present case, to refuse to the appellant even copies of the
documentary evidence in the possession of the police. No case to which we were
referred has gone so far, although for my part such cases cannot be ruled out
in principle._**

The question is therefore how this balance stands in the present case. I ask
myself: what is to be placed in the scale against the appellant’s right to
have the same information as the police; the information contained in his own
documents which the police hold?

_In the ultimate analysis, only one factor is placed on behalf of the police
against the appellant’s claim. That is the fear that if the appellant had
copies of his own documents ... he might use the information contained in
these documents to fabricate other evidence, in association with others, which
would or might destroy or neutralise the incriminating nature ... of the
evidence which [the police] have._

I draw attention to three passages in the affidavit evidence of the
defendants. ... First, in paragraph 6 of the affidavit which was before [the
first instance judge], it is said:

“I fear that if they are disclosed at this stage of the investigation there is
a real danger of my investigations being hampered; and such disclosure would
afford an opportunity for any person at present under suspicion, to attempt to
fabricate a defence.”

Then two passages in paragraph 4 of the further affidavit placed before us
which Lord Justice May has already read, but which I repeat to emphasise their
speculative nature:

“If this information were to be made available to the suspects at this stage
of the investigation, it would enable them, if so minded, to attempt to cover
their tracks by the production of other documents based on the information
contained in the documents which I hold.”

Finally:

“I again fear that they would then be in a position to attempt to cover their
tracks and thus hamper the completion of the investigation.”

All this is no more than speculation and suspicion, and I think there is force
in Mr Purnell’s submission that similar fears could be expressed in almost any
case where the police are in sole possession of documents which they regard as
incriminating. _I appreciate -- and wish to make this clear -- that there may
well be extreme cases where the circumstances are such that the police cannot
reveal their full reasons for wishing to refuse an owner access to his own
documents, because the revelation of their reasons would itself destroy the
public interest which they are seeking to uphold or, to use the phrase of Lord
Justice May, would in effect “give the game away”._ So there may be cases
where the reasons themselves cannot be fully revealed. But there is no
indication that this is such a case, although we gave Mr Hyam a full
opportunity of going further, if he could, than the passages to which I have
already referred. It is merely a case of fear based on speculation, that
evidence might be fabricated with nothing to support it other than the
passages which I have already read, and nothing to support it in the learned
judge’s judgment other than the two paragraphs which Lord Justice May has
already read.

**_In these circumstances, I agree that there is nothing like enough to tilt
the balance against the appellant by a refusal of the relatively self-evident
right which he claims, and to accord to the police the unusually draconian
power which they seek_**.

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

46 In addition to the common law right of access being self-evident, we would
further venture to observe that there is another possible reason why this
fundamental right was scarcely articulated in case law. In our view, this
could be due to the existence of yet _another_ common law right, _viz_ , the
common law right to the _return_ of original items lawfully seized if a
photograph or copy would suffice. This was laid down by Lord Denning MR in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Ghani and others v Jones_ [1970] 1 QB 693
(at 708–709):

… Balancing these interests, I should have thought that, in order to justify
the taking of an article, when no man has been arrested or charged, these
requisites must be satisfied:

…

_Fourth_ : The police must not keep the article, nor prevent its removal, for
any longer than is reasonably necessary to complete their investigations or
preserve it for evidence. **_If a copy will suffice, it should be made and the
original returned._** As soon as the case is over, or it is decided not to go
on with it, the article should be returned.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Put simply, under the common law, if a photograph or a copy of an original
item sufficed for the purposes for which it was seized, then the owner was
entitled to its return. If, however, a photograph or copy of an original item
would not suffice, then the owner could rely on his or her common law right of
access to make copies of the original item. Therefore, if the owner of a
seized item is able to successfully rely on his common law right to the return
of that item, then the question of access would not even arise. We should also
mention for completeness that in the UK, _after_ the common law right of
access was put on a statutory footing in the UK Police and Criminal Evidence
Act 1984 (c 60) (“the 1984 UK Act”) (a point which we will address in more
detail below at [48]–[59]), there would have been no need (for obvious
reasons) for parties to rely on the common law right of access.

47 For these reasons, we are of the view that there ought to be and is a
common law right of access and, in the circumstances, the Judge was correct in
deciding (in a related vein) that “the lawful seizure and retention of
property by law enforcement authorities merely suspends the right to
possession or control of the said property during the material period”
[original emphasis in italics omitted] (see the GD at [24]). However, this
right is not an absolute one and is subject to the balancing process which we
will discuss in more detail below (at [61]–[71]). Before proceeding to discuss
this process, we must deal with another (related) argument proffered by the
Prosecution.

Arguments from statute

48 As just noted, the Prosecution has another string to its legal bow in so
far as the existence of the common law right of access is concerned. Indeed,
it was actually stated as the first point in its written submissions although,
as already mentioned above (at [31]), it seems to us more appropriate to
discuss the arguments from precedent (in particular, the legal status of
_Arias_) first.

49 The argument by the Prosecution in this particular regard is deceptively
simple and rather attractive at first blush. It is that s 21 of the 1984 UK
Act was a completely new statutory provision which filled a gap in the legal
landscape where there had never been any legal right (here at common law) in
the first place. Section 21 of the 1984 UK Act (“s 21”) reads as follows:

**Access and copying**

**21**. (1) ** _A constable who seizes anything in the exercise of a power
conferred by any enactment, including an enactment contained in an Act passed
after this Act, shall, if so requested by a person showing himself—_**

(_a_) to be the occupier of premises on which it was seized; **_or_**

(_b_) **_to have had custody or control of it immediately before the
seizure_** ,

**_provide that person with a record of what he seized._**

(2) **_The officer shall provide the record within a reasonable time from the
making of the request for it._**

(3) **_Subject to subsection (8) below_** , if a request for per­mission to be
granted access to anything which—

(_a_) has been seized by a constable; and

(_b_) is retained by the police for the purpose of investigating an offence,

is made to the officer in charge of the investigation by a person who had
custody or control of the thing immediately before it was so seized or by
someone acting on behalf of such a person, the officer **_shall allow the
person who made the request access to it under the supervision of a
constable_**.

(4) **_Subject to subsection (8) below, if a request for a photograph or copy
of any such thing is made to the officer in charge of the investigation by a
person who had custody or control of the thing immediately before it was so
seized, or by someone acting on behalf of such a person, the officer shall—_**

(_a_) **_allow the person who made the request access to it under the
supervision of a constable for the purpose of photographing or copying it;
or_**

(_b_) **_photograph or copy it, or cause it to be photographed or copied._**

(5) A constable may also photograph or copy, or have photographed or copied,
anything which he has power to seized, without a request being made under
subsection (4) above.

(6) Where anything is photographed or copied under subsection (4)(_b_) above,
the photograph or copy shall be supplied to the person who made the request.

(7) The photograph or copy shall be so supplied within a reasonable time from
the making of the request.

(8) **_There is no duty under this section to grant access to, or to supply a
photograph or copy of, anything if the officer in charge of the investigation
for the purposes of which it was seized has reasonable grounds for believing
that to do so would prejudice—_**

(a) **_that investigation;_**

(b) **_the investigation of an offence other than the offence for the purposes
of investigating which the thing was seized; or_**

(c) **_any criminal proceedings which may brought as a result of—_**

(i) **_the investigation of which he is in charge; or_**

(ii) **_any such investigation as is mentioned in paragraph (b) above._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

50 In order to make good this argument, the Prosecution prays in aid two
extracts from the UK Parliamentary Debates in the House of Lords on the Police
and Criminal Evidence Bill (“the 1984 UK Bill”) as it passed through the
House. The first was from the speech by Lord Anthony Gifford (“Lord Gifford”)
delivered on 5 July 1984 (in _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) – House of
Lords_ (5 July 1984) vol 454 at cols 435-436); in particular, it was observed
as follows (at col 435):

I should like to raise a short point on Clause 20 [of the 1984 UK Bill, which
eventually became s 21 of the 1984 UK Act (reproduced above at [49])]. It is a
valuable clause because it provides **_certain rights_** to those whose
documents have been taken, **_which they did not have previously_** _– that is
to say, it provides access to them and enables them to be photo-copied or
photographed_. However, in sub-section (6) [of Clause 20 of the 1984 UK Bill,
which eventually became sub-section (8) of s 21 of the 1984 UK Act (reproduced
above at [49])] the rights which have been given, as happens in other parts of
the Bill, are in danger of being taken away or rendered virtually useless by a
very general provision that there is no duty to grant the rights if there are:

“grounds for believing that to do so would prejudice the investigation”.

I recognise that in some cases it would not be right to give someone access to
a document. The most obvious cases, for example, would be where a document was
an official secret or where there were other documents of that kind.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

51 We should, first and foremost, sound a word of caution that some care must
always be taken when relying on Parliamentary debates (see also the further
discussion on the importance of context at [57]–[58] below). In the context of
this case, it is firstly unclear whether Lord Gifford was referring to
_statutory_ rights _or_ rights _generally_ (which would include common law
rights) when he referred to “rights … which [accused persons] did not have
previously”. If it was the _former_ , then Lord Gifford’s comments are not
inconsistent with our view on the existence of the common law right, and
therefore would not aid the Prosecution’s case.

52 Even in the case of the _latter_ (_ie_ , that Lord Gifford was referring to
rights _generally_), one must consider the possibility that Lord Gifford might
not have been cognisant of the common law recognition of this right. Indeed,
as we have seen, the right was so self-evident and obvious that where it
appeared in _Frank Truman Export_ , it was mentioned almost in passing. It
should also be noted that the decision by the English Court of Appeal in
_Arias_ (which articulated the right in some detail for the first time) was
handed down on _26 July 1984_ (at which time we _could_ reasonably assume that
Lord Gifford ought to have been cognisant of that right), some _21 days after_
Lord Gifford himself had spoken. It must also be borne in mind that _Arias_
was – in so far as the _full text_ of the decision is concerned – an
_unreported_ decision inasmuch as it was not reported in any of the law
reports commonly referred to, with _only brief summaries_ appearing in print
(in _The Times Law Reports_ (dated _1 August 1984_) as well as in vol 128 of
the _Solicitors’ Journal_ (dated _16 November 1984_)). Hence, even in its
_abbreviated formats_ , the decision in _Arias_ would have come to general
public notice only in August 1984 (at the earliest).

53 At this juncture, a short observation might be made about the nature of the
common law. Although the so-called declaratory theory of the common law is no
longer in vogue (see, for example, Lord Reid, “The Judge As Lawmaker” [1972]
JSPTL 22, but see also the defence of the theory in Allan Beever, “The
Declaratory Theory of Law” (2013) 33 OJLS 421), it still retains some utility
in justifying the objectivity of the common law which is, _ex hypothesi_ ,
universal in nature and (to that extent) “timeless” (see Andrew Phang Boon
Leong, _From Foundation to Legacy: The Second Charter of Justice_ (Academy
Publishing, 2006) at pp 21–22). Proceeding on this basis, it is somewhat
disingenuous, in our view, to argue that the common law right only
crystallised in 1984 when the decision in _Arias_ was handed down. Indeed,
leaving aside the fact that that right could have been embodied in earlier
decisions (see, for example, _Frank Truman Export_), it could be said that the
common law right was, in a manner of speaking, always “out there”, although it
was clearly articulated in the case law only after the decision in _Arias_ was
handed down. This approach appears, in fact, to be confirmed by s 6 of the CPC
(a point which we will elaborate upon below (at [84]–[86])). Looked at in this
light, the arguments tendered by the Prosecution in relation to the precise
timeframe appear, with respect, to be overly as well as unduly technical. In
any event, even if these arguments were considered, they would still fail for
the reasons stated in the preceding paragraph.

54 We sum up our views on Lord Gifford’s comments as follows. Firstly, Lord
Gifford might have been referring to statutory rights, in which case there
would be no inconsistency with our finding that the common law right exists.
Secondly, even if Lord Gifford was referring to rights generally this is not,
in the final analysis, inconsistent with our view that the common law right
exists. This is because, at the time he made his speech, it was likely that
Lord Gifford: (a) (in our respectful opinion) _did not_ know about the _common
law recognition_ of this self-evident right in _Frank Truman Export_ ; and (b)
_could not_ have known about the decision in _Arias_. In any event, the common
law _recognition_ of this self-evident right does not affect its _existence_
as it was always, so to speak, “out there”. In short, therefore, we do not
agree with the Prosecution’s reliance on Lord Gifford’s comments.

55 However, there is yet another passage from the UK Parliamentary Debates
which is relied upon by the Prosecution. This is found in the speech delivered
on 24 July 1984 in the House of Lords by the then Parliamentary Under-
Secretary of State for the Home Office, Lord Rodney Elton (“Lord Elton”), who
had observed as follows (see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) – House of
Lords_ (24 July 1984) vol 455 at col 202):

Clause 19 was intended to place the existing common law governing the seizure
of such articles as set out in _Garfinkel_ v. _Metropolitan Police
Commissioner_ on a statutory basis. In other words, it was intended to
regulate the seizure of adventitious discoveries.

Some of the important provisions in Clause 19, however, are intended to apply
to any seizure by the police and not only to adventitious seizure. For
example, subsections (2) and (3) prohibit the seizure of items subject to
legal privilege. But they were intended to prohibit not just the seizure of
such items found in the course of a search for something else; they were
intended to ensure that the police could in no circumstances obtain access to
such items, whether under the authority of a search warrant or not. Likewise
_the provisions of Clauses 20_ [s 21 of the 1984 UK Act] _and 21, which set
out_** _new safeguards_** _for those from whom property has been seized_ ,
should be available in the case where an article named in a warrant has been
seized just as much as in the case where it is found adventitiously.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

56 Clause 19 of the 1984 UK Bill, which was referred to by Lord Elton in his
speech, referred to the general powers of seizure by the police, whilst clause
20 of the same (which was also referred to by Lord Elton) referred to what was
ultimately promulgated as s 21 in the 1984 UK Act. However, the fact that Lord
Elton noted that the former clause (clause 19) was based on an existing common
law principle whereas the latter clause (clause 20) constituted “a new
safeguard” (see above at [55]), is a neutral point, at best. As we pointed out
earlier in the context of Lord Gifford’s speech (above at [52]), clause 20
could have been “[a] new [safeguard]” to Lord Elton simply because it was
_still in the process of being crystallised as a common law right_ in _Arias_.
In this regard, it also bears reiterating that the precise physical point in
time that the common law right is declared (whether it be in _Arias_ or even
earlier in _Frank Truman Export_) does not necessarily mean that that right
did not already exist as a universal (and, to that extent, timeless) principle
which formed part of the much broader canvass of the common law itself (see
above at [53]).

57 There is a further point that might be usefully noted. The Prosecution’s
case on this issue turns on the phrase “rights … which they did not have
previously” (in Lord Gifford’s speech (see above at [50])) as well as the
phrase “new safeguards” (in Lord Elton’s speech (see above at [55])). In
essence, the substance or focus of the Prosecution’s case may be readily
summarised in one word – “new”. However, the _context_ in which that word is
used is equally – if not more – important. In this regard, the word or concept
“new” need _not necessarily_ connote _entirely_ new rights under the 1984 UK
Act. In particular, both speeches ought to be interpreted in the context of
the following observations by the Hon Douglas Hurd when clause 20 of the 1984
UK Bill was introduced as the “new clause 4” in the House of Commons on _14
May 1984_ (see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) – House of Commons_ (14 May
1984) vol 60 at col 26):

These new clauses [_ie_ , new clause 4 and 5] and amendments are concerned
with a number of matters relating to property, both the limits within which
the police are able to retain property which they have seized and the facility
of access to such property when it has been seized.

New clause 4 clarifies and standardises the rights of owners to access to and
copies of seized material and responds to an undertaking that I gave in
Committee. It largely replaces subsections (3) to (7) of clause 19, the
purpose being to **_provide a new clause of general application which,
although it refers specifically to articles seized under clause 19, will apply
also to articles seized under clauses 29, 48 and 49 and schedule 1 as a result
of consequential amendments_** _._

The main practical point corresponds to one raised in Committee. The main
difference is that we shall now, under the new clause, ensure that unless the
officer in charge of the investigation has reasonable grounds for believing
that it would prejudice the investigation the person who has had custody or
control of a seized article must be permitted access to it on request. **_As
at present drafted, access is provided for only if the making of a copy is
impracticable_**. Someone whose business papers have been seized may not want
a copy but may simply want to remind himself of them. The new clause
introduces that flexibility.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

58 Bearing this precise context in mind, the “new” rights alluded to by both
Lord Gifford and Lord Elton were – more likely than not – actually references
to the fact that cl 20 of the 1984 UK Bill (_ie_ , s 21) now makes it clear
that the right of access to Category 1 Documents applies _regardless_ of
whether the items were seized pursuant to a search warrant (under cll 29, 48
and 49 and Schedule 1 of the 1984 UK Bill) or pursuant to the police’s general
powers of seizure (under cl 19 of the 1984 UK Bill). It is also possible that
these members of the House of Lords made the reference to “new” rights because
the 1984 UK Bill as originally presented effectively provided that the right
of access should be granted only when making a copy is impracticable.

59 Finally (and not unimportantly), we note that the content of s 21 is
_precisely the same as_ the common law right as framed in _Arias_ (see above
at [49] and at [33] as well as [34], respectively). Given the fact that there
was no direct or indirect interaction as such between the UK Parliament on the
one hand and the judges in _Arias_ on the other, the coincidence in the
respective (final) formulations in both instances is remarkable, to say the
least. In our view, the only reasonable (indeed, plausible) explanation is
that the legal principle (as well as the balancing process it entails) is a
self-evident one that not only existed at common law but was also embodied
statutorily within s 21 itself. Even if one were to stretch the Prosecution’s
argument to its fullest, it seems to us that the best case it can make is that
both the statutory form (_viz_ , s 21) and the common law right (embodied in
_Arias_) were developed _simultaneously and in parallel (rather than in
conjunction) with each other_. However, even on this rather strained
interpretation, the Prosecution’s case in so far as this particular issue is
concerned does not succeed.

60 But this is not the end of the matter. As with all rights, the present
right can also be abused. And it is to this particular concern that our
attention now turns.

Sub-issue 1(b): A balancing process

61 It is of foremost importance to emphasise that the common law right is not
an absolute and unqualified one. Indeed, the Judge was at pains to emphasise
in the GD that this right was subject to an overriding interest in the
administration of criminal justice (see, for example, the GD at [24], [33],
[42], [75], [79] and [81] as well as the very decision in _Arias_ itself (see
above at [44] and [45])). We note that this is also a proposition that the
Respondents have accepted unreservedly.

62 Put simply, if the Prosecution can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the
court that allowing access to the documents concerned (even though they fall
within the rubric of Category 1 documents) will be prejudicial to the
administration of criminal justice, the common law right would not be given
effect to. This meets what seems, in our view, to be the only substantive
argument which the Prosecution has made – that the administration of criminal
justice would be compromised (for example, through (as the Prosecution argues)
the possible subornation of witnesses). The difficulty we have with this
argument is not one of principle but, rather, one of _characterisation_. To
elaborate, the Prosecution was utilising this argument (to the effect that the
administration of criminal justice _might be_ compromised) to persuade this
court that it _therefore_ ought to _reject the existence_ of _the common law
right altogether_. With respect, this particular argument involved a _non
sequitur_ and would, in fact, result in the general rule (_viz_ , the common
law right) not only being “swallowed up” by the exception (_viz_ , the danger
that the administration of criminal justice might be prejudiced or harmed)
but, also, being – literally – _obliterated_ altogether.

63 In contrast, the approach adopted by the Judge in the court below would
_not_ entail such an _extreme_ result. Put simply, whilst the common law right
would (in the ordinary course of events) be given effect to, it would be
_overridden if_ to do so would prejudice or harm the administration of
criminal justice. Put even more simply, what is involved is – as the Judge
constantly emphasised himself (see, for example, the GD at [33], [75] and
[81]) – a _balancing process_. Indeed, the very idea or concept of “balance”
is not only intuitively attractive but also (and more importantly)
theoretically as well as practically sound in the context of the present case.
As we have already seen, the common law right does not exist for its own sake;
it is rooted in considerations of logic, commonsense, precedent as well as
justice and fairness for the reasons set out in detail above (at [38]–[42]).
_However_ , there is always the danger that the common law right (or any right
for that matter) might be abused. In our view, a _balancing process_ is
therefore the best way forward having regard, again, to the larger canvass of
legal principle.

64 We note that the Prosecution agrees that there ought to be a balancing
process, although in the Prosecution’s submission this process ought to
operate in a _quite different_ fashion. In particular, the Prosecution argued
that, on the premise that the common law right did _not_ exist, it would still
be possible to check any _possible abuse_ on the part of the Prosecution in
refusing the accused access to his own documents. This, the Prosecution
submitted, could be done by way of the accused adducing sufficient evidence of
_unreasonable conduct_ on the part of the Public Prosecutor in an application
for _judicial review_. With respect, such an approach seems to us to be
inappropriate inasmuch as it places the burden on _the accused_ (many of whom
may even be unrepresented to begin with). What must also be borne in mind is
that the burden or onus is placed on the accused not only to file _a further
legal application_ but to do so in an attempt to obtain access to _his own
documents_ which, prior to their lawful seizure, he had access to in the first
place. We see no reason – in principle – why the burden should not be on _the
Public Prosecutor_ instead to demonstrate (by way of _cogent evidence_) why
permitting the accused access to his own documents would– _on the precise
facts and circumstances concerned –_ be prejudicial or harmful to the
administration of criminal justice (bearing in mind that what we are here
concerned with are _criminal proceedings_). Indeed, the Judge put it well in
the court below when he made the following pertinent observations which we
fully endorse (see the GD at [81]):

The burden lies firmly on the Prosecution to show cogent evidence that there
was a reasonable prospect of harm to the public interest in the administration
of criminal justice before law enforcement authorities could lawfully deny or
restrict access to Category 1 Documents. In cases of doubt, the Prosecution
could apply to the Subordinate Courts (or the High Court, depending on where
the accused person was charged) for a declaration that the proposed denial or
restriction of access was lawful in the circumstances. The person applying for
access would naturally have a right to be heard at this hearing.

65 It is not only just and fair but also practically advantageous that the
burden lies on the Public Prosecutor in the manner just set out. Put simply,
as this court has observed in _Bachoo Mohan Singh_ (at [104]), “the [Public
Prosecutor] … [is the] guardian of the people’s rights, _including those of
the accused_ ” [emphasis in original]. Indeed, we would also note the decision
(also of this court) in _Khor Soon Lee v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 201,
where (in quoting the observation just set out) the court specially commended
(at [30]) the Public Prosecutor for conducting its case in an exemplary
fashion which was consistent with the best traditions of the Bar. In the
circumstances, we have no doubt that the Public Prosecutor would raise
objections to the accused’s invocation of the common law right only in
situations where there is reasonable basis to think that the public interest
in the administration of criminal justice might be harmed or prejudiced.

66 It is instructive to note, in this regard, that the Judge did in fact
address the precise concerns which the Prosecution referred to, in particular
the danger of witnesses being suborned (see above at [62]). It is perhaps best
to quote the Judge _verbatim_ , as follows (see the GD at [84]–[85]):

84 **_The Prosecution objected in its written submissions to the Applicants
having access to the human resource files of various employees (see Schedule A
of the Application, documents (y) to (ss)) (“the HR files”), because it feared
that the personal information of the Prosecution’s witnesses contained in the
HR files could easily be used for an inappropriate purpose such as interfering
with witnesses. The Prosecution argued that, as a matter of principle, the
Applicants should not have access to such personal information without showing
why the information was relevant, necessary and desirable for the preparation
of their Case for the Defence, and that allowing such access would set a
“dangerous precedent”. I therefore offered an opportunity to the Prosecution
to explain in greater detail the public interest considerations and the
factual bases thereof in support of their position that access should not be
given to the HR files._** At the hearing on 25 October 2012, I accordingly
**_granted leave to the Prosecution to file an affidavit by 31 October 2012,
stating its objections against access to the HR files for purposes of making
copies of them, failing which these had to be disclosed to the Applicants. I
noted that in a letter dated 31 October 2012, the Prosecution stated that upon
a review of the contents of the HR files it did not think that there were any
reasons for treating them differently from the rest of the Materials, and that
it would therefore not be filing any affidavit to resist access to the HR
files._**

85 While I noted that the Prosecution expressed doubts as to whether some of
the Materials were truly relevant to the Applicants’ preparation of their
defence against the Charges, I was of the opinion that **_relevance was not an
element of the test to determine whether access to Category 1 Documents should
be denied to the Applicants_**. As emphasised above (at [79]), it is only
where there is cogent evidence of prejudice to the effective administration of
criminal justice that the Applicants’ _prima facie_ right of access to
Category 1 Documents could be denied.

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics and
underlined bold italics]

67 More importantly, perhaps, on a practical level, acceptance of the
Prosecution’s argument that the common law right should _not_ be recognised
lest it prejudice or harm the administration of criminal justice would be to
throw the baby out with the bathwater. Indeed, even this description is, in
our view, an understatement. Let us elaborate.

68 Assuming (for the sake of argument) that the common law right (as the
Prosecution has argued) does not exist, what might be the _practical
consequences_? The possible consequences were, in fact, analysed in a
comprehensive manner by the Judge in the court below. It is important to note
that the possible consequences canvassed by the Judge were, as we shall see,
not fanciful by any stretch of legal imagination. For example, the Judge
observed as follows (see the GD at [58] and [76]):

58 The key distinction between (a) Category 1 Documents, and (b) Category 2
Documents and Category 3 Documents, is that Category 1 Documents comprise
documents which were _originally_ in the rightful possession or control of an
accused person prior to the lawful seizure of the said documents by law
enforcement authorities. But for the seizure of Category 1 Documents, these
documents could _ex hypothesi_ have been accessed whenever the accused person
wanted to do so and for whatever purpose he wished, including for example, the
preparation of his defence to charges or pending charges. He could use any or
all these documents as evidence in his defence. **_If he suspected that the
law enforcement authorities would soon arrive at his doorstep to seize
documents, he could, depending on the remaining time available to him, proceed
to make copies of any or all of the documents using photocopiers, cameras,
scanners or various other devices. If the relevant documents were stored
electronically, such copying could even be done with the click of a button,
for example, the accused person may send the documents by e-mail to another
e-mail account or to another person, or he may upload such documents onto the
Internet. Furthermore, given the evidence before the court on the CAD’s
practice_** _vis-à-vis_ seized documents …, **_accused persons could obtain
copies of Category 1 Documents as they wished from the CAD which would usually
accede to such requests prior to formal charges being preferred. Given the
nature of Category 1 Documents_** _vis-à-vis_** _the accused person, it is not
conceptually or practically meaningful for the accused person to be denied
access to Category 1 Documents before serving his Case for the Defence on the
basis that doing so would allow him to “tailor his evidence”_**.

…

76 **_Given the immense public importance of criminal proceedings and of a
correct verdict (be it a conviction or an acquittal), the preparation of the
parties’ respective cases ought not to morph into a contest of memories
especially where complex and/or document-intensive commercial operations and
transactions are or may potentially be in issue._** As this case illustrated,
with about two years having elapsed since the search by the CAD to date, the
voluminous nature of the documents involved (the Seized Documents being
estimated to comprise of 197,240 individual documents), as well as the brevity
of the Receipts provided by the CAD, the Applicants were only able to make
**_an “educated guess”_** as to the contents of the documents seized from them
and the relevance of these documents to the criminal proceedings. **_Clearly
then, given the immense number of documents that might be potentially relevant
in white-collar crime cases, it would not serve the cause of justice for the
Applicants to be asked to commit themselves, based on their mere “educated
guess” to a particular position without any access to Category 1 Documents,
but to rely purely on memory and whatever documents they had managed to gain
access to prior to being charged with the Charges to construct a Case for the
Defence which they would eventually stand or fall by._** While I noted the
Prosecution’s submission that the trial court would be unlikely to draw an
adverse inference against the Applicants if they put forward a case at trial
which “[differed] from or [was] otherwise inconsistent” with the Case for the
Defence (see s 169(1)(_c_) of the CPC 2010) given that they did not have sight
of Category 1 Documents (if the request for the Materials was denied), in my
view, **_there was still a possibility of injustice being occasioned to the
Applicants, and there was no reason why they should be put at risk of this
possibility crystallising. More fundamentally, it was difficult to see why, as
suggested by the Prosecution, it would be in the interests of justice for
accused persons to put forward an incomplete and/or inaccurate case initially
and then subsequently to change that case based on Category 1 Documents
disclosed in the supplementary bundle (even if such a shift in position did
not lead to substantive consequences). Not only would this lead to a
considerable waste of time and effort for defence counsel, the Prosecution and
the courts, it would also bring little credit to our criminal justice
process._**

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis in bold underlined italics were
emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

69 The observations by the Judge quoted in the preceding paragraph are, in our
view, compelling. In particular, if (as noted in the GD at [43]) the practice
of the CAD is to (at least in the context of the present case) provide the
accused access to his _own_ documents after lawful seizure of the said
documents but _before_ the accused has in fact been charged, it does not make
sense to deny the accused access to these documents after he has been charged
because this assumes that the accused would not have begun preparing a defence
to a possible charge prior to being actually charged. In fact, if access to
the potential accused is warranted at the investigation stage, then the same
ground for granting access should apply with even greater force after he is
charged, as even more time would have passed by then, thereby naturally
affecting that person’s ability to remember everything. In any event, the
accused might need access to his own documents in order to _prepare responses_
to possible (and even actual as well as quite possibly difficult) questions
posed in the course of the _investigations_ themselves. If the response of the
Prosecution is that it merely retains the _discretion_ not to release the
accused’s documents, that brings us back in a full circle to the issue of why
the burden should be on _the accused_ to demonstrate why he ought to be
granted access to his documents (particularly where it would entail the
initiation of separate proceedings in _judicial review_ (a point which we have
already dealt with above at [64])). In any event, such a response does not
deal with the quite separate point made earlier in the present paragraph as to
why the accused ought not to be furnished such access if he desires to prepare
responses to possible questions in the course of the _investigations_
themselves.

70 For completeness, we should also mention that, at the hearing before us,
another reason cited but (in our view, correctly) not pursued by the
Prosecution was the time, cost and other practical considerations that would
arise if the common law right were to be recognised. In our view, such
concerns are overstated. Where electronic documents are concerned, there would
be minimal disruption to the operations of the Prosecution and/or the police
as copies of such documents can be made easily with the click of the computer
mouse. Where voluminous physical copies are concerned, there might be some
time and cost considerations, but in our view these are justified in the
interests of justice, bearing in mind that (as pointed out earlier at [65])
the Public Prosecutor is the guardian of the people’s rights, including those
of the accused. In addition, any concern that the original documents would be
tampered with could be easily dealt with by way of supervision of access and
the safe-keeping of the original documents. And in the unlikely but possible
event that the accused and/or his lawyer are merely being frivolous or
vexatious with his requests for documents, the Prosecution can take up the
appropriate application at the appropriate juncture.

71 In summary, we do not see any reason in principle (or, for that matter,
even as a matter of practical consideration) why the balancing process which
was advocated in the court below should not be adopted – not least because it
deals directly with the very misapprehensions which the Prosecution refers to
as a result of the endorsement of the common law right. We also note that the
common law right is supported by thoroughly cogent reasons rooted in logic,
commonsense, precedent as well as justice and fairness. However, this is not
the end of the matter as the Prosecution also argues that, even if such a
common law right exists, it is nevertheless abrogated by the CCD regime in the
CPC (which was introduced by the CPC 2010), and it is to that particular issue
that our attention now turns. It will suffice for the moment to state that, in
light of our analysis in this part of the judgment, _Question 1_ must be
answered in _the affirmative_.

Issue 2

72 To provide the context of the parties’ arguments and our observations, it
would be apposite to briefly set out the key points of the CCD regime in the
CPC.

73 Where the CCD regime in the CPC applies to a particular case in the
Subordinate Courts, the Prosecution is obliged to serve a Case for the
Prosecution in accordance with s 162 of the CPC which provides as follows:

**Contents of Case for the Prosecution**

**162**. The Case for the Prosecution must contain —

(_a_) the charge which the prosecution intends to proceed with at the trial;

(_b_) a summary of the facts in support of the charge;

(_c_) a list of the names of the witnesses for the prosecution;

(_d_) a list of the exhibits that are intended by the prosecution to be
admitted at the trial; and

(_e_) any statement made by the accused at any time and recorded by an officer
of a law enforcement agency under any law, which the prosecution intends to
adduce in evidence as part of the case for the prosecution.

74 Thereafter, the accused will have to file a Case for the Defence in
accordance with ss 163 and 165 of the CPC which provide as follows:

**When Case for the Defence is served**

**163.** —(1) At the further criminal case disclosure conference held on the
date referred to in section 161(4), or such other date to which the further
criminal case disclosure conference has been adjourned under section 238, if
the accused does not indicate that he wishes to plead guilty, the defence must
file in court the Case for the Defence and serve a copy thereof on the
prosecution and on every co-accused who is claiming trial with him, if any,
not later than 2 weeks from the date of the further criminal case disclosure
conference or such date to which the further criminal case disclosure
conference is adjourned.

…

**Contents of Case for the Defence**

**165.** —(1) The Case for the Defence must contain —

(_a_) a summary of the defence to the charge and the facts in support of the
defence;

(_b_) a list of the names of the witnesses for the defence;

(_c_) a list of the exhibits that are intended by the defence to be admitted
at the trial; and

(_d_) if objection is made to any issue of fact or law in relation to any
matter contained in the Case for the Prosecution —

(i) a statement of the nature of the objection;

(ii) the issue of fact on which evidence will be produced; and

(iii) the points of law in support of such objection.

75 After the two-week time period referred to in s 163 of the CPC has elapsed,
s 166 of the CPC comes into play. Section 166 reads as follows:

**Time for service of other statements and exhibits**

**166.** —(1) Where the Case for the Defence has been served on the
prosecution, the prosecution must, within 2 weeks from the date of service,
serve on the accused copies of —

(_a_) all other statements given by the accused and recorded by an officer of
a law enforcement agency under any law in relation to the charge or charges
which the prosecution intends to proceed with at the trial;

(_b_) the documentary exhibits referred to in section 162(_d_); and

(_c_) criminal records, if any, of the accused, upon payment of the prescribed
fee.

(2) Where the Case for the Defence has not been served on the prosecution, the
prosecution —

(_a_) need not serve on the defence any of the statements, exhibits or records
referred to in subsection (1); and

(_b_) may use any such statements, exhibits or records at the trial.

76 Similar provisions to those set out in [73]–[75] above are made for pre-
trial discovery in cases before the High Court in ss 176, 192, 193, 195 and
196 of the CPC.

77 Turning now to the Prosecution’s arguments, the crux of the Prosecution’s
case on this issue is to be found in the following paragraph of its written
submissions, which reads as follows:[note: 4]

When both intentions are read together, it is clear that ss 196(2)(_a_) and
166(2) of the CPC 2010 must be **_exclusive_** , remaining undiluted by non-
statutory avenues for disclosure of material in the Cases for the Prosecution
and Defence. This **_exclusivity_** is necessary **_to preserve the elements
of reciprocity and sequential disclosure_** which Parliament intended to
implement **_to prevent tailoring of evidence_**. The granting of an
additional right of access gives the Defence **_a non-statutory, non-
reciprocal and non-sequential_** avenue of disclosure of material in the
Prosecution’s case. This **_dilutes_** the CCDC regime by **_neutralising_**
the statutory requirements of **_reciprocity and sequencing_**. It is
noteworthy that in discussing the **_sequential nature_** of the CCDC regime,
the second reading speech did not leave any room for common law rules to
modify or overturn the principle of **_sequential disclosure_**. This suggests
that Parliament, in creating the CCDC regime, did not intend to leave any room
for non-statutory interference with the statutory principle of **_sequential
disclosure_**. **_Any judicial undermining of reciprocity and sequential
disclosure would therefore defeat the intentions of Parliament_**. [emphasis
added in bold italics]

78 In the course of the oral arguments before us, the Prosecution also argued
that given the short two-week timeline for the filing of the Case for the
Defence, Parliament could only have intended for the Case for the Defence to
be bare-boned. Therefore, an accused person would not need to have access to
the documents in the Prosecution’s possession for the preparation of the Case
for the Defence.

79 With respect, we do not find the Prosecution’s arguments persuasive. In our
view, they rest on a perceived irreconcilable inconsistency between the CCD
regime under the CPC on the one hand and the common law right on the other. We
also note the emphasis that the Prosecution placed on the elements of
reciprocity and sequence embodied within the CCD regime, which elements it has
argued would be subject to “neutralisation” as well as “dilution” by the
overlay of the common law right. We elaborate more on why we disagree with the
Prosecution’s arguments below.

80 Taking the point from reciprocity first, we do not see how the overlay of
the common law right would either neutralise or dilute the element of
reciprocity between the Prosecution and the Defence. Indeed, there appears to
be no element of reciprocity involved to begin with where Category 1 Documents
are concerned. It will be recalled that such documents belonged to _the
accused_ prior to their lawful seizure by the enforcement authorities. If the
CCD regime were to completely oust the common law right then, after seizure,
there would – on the contrary – _be_ an _absence of_ reciprocity (and, indeed,
consistency) to the extent that the accused has no access to his own documents
which he would like to have access to in order to prepare his Case for the
Defence. Looked at in this light, the common law right actually _complements_
the CCD regime by ensuring that there is in fact reciprocity between the
parties. The only asymmetry which might arise relates to a situation where the
common law right is abused. However, such possible abuse is prevented _via_ a
_balancing process_ which has been described above (at [61]–[71]).

81 What, then, about the element of _sequence_? First, it could not have been
Parliament’s intention that the sequence in the CCD regime was to be adhered
to mechanistically for its own sake against the spirit and purpose of the CPC
(a point which we will discuss in more detail shortly). Secondly, we do not
see how according the accused a right to his own documents pursuant to the
common law right would result in a disruption of the said sequence. In fact,
under s 165(1)(_c_) of the CPC (reproduced above at [74]), the Case for the
Defence should include a list of the exhibits intended by the defence to be
admitted at the trial. How can an accused person meaningfully comply with this
if he is unable to access his own documents? This brings us back, in point of
fact, to the concept of _complementarity_ just referred to, which concept
_ipso facto_ disposes of the Prosecution’s argument from _inconsistency_. At
this juncture, it is clear – as the Judge also held in the court below – that
the common law right, far from being inconsistent with the CCD regime, is
actually consistent as well as complementary with it.

82 Looking at the relevant Parliamentary debates on the CPC 2010 (see the _18
May 2010 Parliamentary Debates_ at cols 413-414), it is also clear that there
is nothing which evinces an intention on the part of Parliament to exclude the
common law right. And, as the Judge in the court below emphasised, neither was
this right impliedly repealed (see the GD at [61]–[63]). If at all, the
_raison d’être_ of the CCD regime is – as the Judge in the court below also
emphasised – to ensure transparency as well as a level playing field between
the parties. That being the case, we do not see how the exclusion of the
common law right would promote these laudable purposes. On the contrary, it
seems to us that the exclusion of such a right would have the _opposite_
result.

83 For these reasons we find that the common law right of access is compatible
with and not ousted by the CCD regime set out in the CPC. Having disposed of
this issue, let us turn now to consider briefly s 6 of the CPC in Issue 3.

Issue 3

84 In view of our analysis as well as conclusions with regard to Issues 1 and
2, it is, strictly speaking, unnecessary for us to express our views in
relation to Issue 3. We would only note briefly that, had we found that no
common law right existed, we would agree with the Judge that s 6 of the CPC
would enable a similar right of access to be created. Section 6 itself reads
as follows:

**Where no procedure is provided**

**6**. As regards matters of criminal procedure for which no special provision
has been made by this Code or by any other law for the time being in force,
such procedure as the justice of the case may require, and which is not
inconsistent with this Code or such other law, may be adopted.

85 It seems to us that the adoption of a procedure in the context of s 6
amounts (in substance and even form) to the promulgation of _a new common law
rule_ (albeit made in the context of a gap in the criminal procedure laid down
in a statute). If so, then the arguments which applied with regard to Issue 1
would apply automatically in the context of the present issue (_viz_ , Issue
3). More importantly, in the context of the present proceedings, this means
that the finding of the existence of the common right pursuant to Issue 1
would necessarily entail this court also finding a similar right of access
pursuant to s 6. However, this is merely a tentative view as the precise point
was not argued in detail before this court. It will suffice for the purposes
of the present proceedings to state that we are inclined to agree with both
the reasoning as well as conclusion by the Judge in the court below in so far
as this particular issue is concerned (see the GD at [69]–[78]).

86 We note that the Prosecution sought to argue that s 6 extends only to
materials relevant to the issues in the proceedings as permitting a right of
access, regardless of the relevance of the documents concerned, would invite
“fishing expeditions”.[note: 5] With respect, however, such an argument misses
the point to the effect that it is precisely the provision of such access
which would enable the accused to ascertain which documents (if any) would _be
relevant_ to his defence to begin with – bearing in mind that these documents
belong to the accused and the need to ensure due process and a fair trial.

The answers to the Questions

87 Given our decisions on the main issues (in particular, Issue 1 and Issue
2), we now turn to answer the Questions.

Question 1

88 To reiterate, Question 1 is as follows:

Where documents have been seized by the police in the lawful exercise of their
investigative powers, whether at common law, a person’s ownership or legal
custody of or legal right to control the documents so seized gives that person
a right to access (or to make copies of) the documents while they are in the
possession of the police and before investigation or prosecution of the
criminal matter has been concluded.

It clearly follows from our decision on Issue 1 (see above at [30]–[71]) that
Question 1 should be answered in the _affirmative_.

Question 2

89 To reiterate, Question 2 is as follows:

Whether the answer to Question 1 would be the same if the person making the
request for the access (or for copies) has been arrested for a criminal
offence, and the documents were seized as part of investigations into the
offence.

It clearly follows from our decision on Issue 1 (see above at [30]–[71]) that
Question 2 should be answered in the _affirmative_.

Question 3

90 To reiterate, Question 3 is as follows:

Whether the answer to Question 1 would be the same if the person making the
request for access (or for copies) has been charged with a criminal offence
and the documents were seized as part of investigations into the offence
charged.

It clearly follows from our decision on Issue 1 (see above at [30]–[71]) that
Question 3 should be answered in the _affirmative_.

Question 4

91 To reiterate, Question 4 is as follows:

If the answer to Question 1 is positive, whether a criminal motion is the
appropriate procedure to be adopted by a person seeking to enforce his right
of access to, or to make copies of, the documents seized, if the police
decline to permit such access or copying.

92 We would first point out that Question 4 is ambiguous. The reference to the
scenario where the _police_ decline to permit access or copying appears to
confine the question to the period _before_ the accused is charged. For
completeness, we will set out what in our view would be the appropriate
procedural mechanisms for such interlocutory matters both before _and_ after
the accused is charged, based on our existing criminal procedure rules.

93 We turn first to the scenario where the accused person is being
investigated for an offence and has _not yet_ been charged. First, the accused
person should make his request to the police. If the police: (a) grants this
request, or (b) denies the request on the ground that there is cogent evidence
of a reasonable prospect of prejudice or harm to the public interest in the
administration of criminal justice and the accused person accepts this, then
this would obviously be the end of the matter. However, if the accused person
wishes to challenge the denial by the police of his request then,
procedurally, the only option currently available to the accused appears to be
an application for judicial review of the decision by the police. That having
been said, it seems to us that given the nature of such an application which,
we would point out: (a) is for access to one’s _own_ documents, (b) is in
effect an interlocutory matter, and (c) puts the legal and practical burden on
the accused person to seek the leave of court to bring judicial review _and_
prove his substantive case, it seems to us that it would be fair and
meaningful for there to be a more straightforward process consistent with
applications made _after_ being charged (see below at [94]–[97]).

94 Next, in the situation where the accused person _has_ been charged with an
offence, the first course of action would obviously be to make the request to
the Public Prosecutor. Again, if the Public Prosecutor (a) grants the request,
or (b) denies the request on the ground that there is cogent evidence of a
reasonable prospect of prejudice or harm to the public interest in the
administration of criminal justice and if the accused person accepts this,
then this would be the end of the matter.

95 Given our decision on Issue 1 (see above at [30]–[71]), it follows that if
the Public Prosecutor wishes to _deny_ this request, it should (as the Judge
below suggested at [81] of the GD) make an oral application to the Registrar,
Magistrate or District Judge of the Subordinate Courts or the Registrar of the
Supreme Court (as the case may be) hearing the Pre-Trial Conference (“PTC”) or
the CCD Conference (“CCDC”) (again, as the case may be) for a declaration that
the proposed denial of access is lawful inasmuch as the public interest in the
administration of criminal justice would otherwise be prejudiced or harmed.
The presiding judicial officer will then determine the merits of such an
application on the basis of the balancing process that we have earlier
explained at [61]–[71] above. We note that while the mechanism of a Criminal
Motion to the High Court under s 405 of the CPC is technically available, we
are of the view that it should not be resorted to in the first instance for
what is, essentially, an interlocutory matter.

96 The procedure to set aside the decision made at first instance (in
accordance with the procedure set out in the preceding paragraph) will then
depend on whether that decision was made in the Subordinate Courts or the High
Court under the procedural rules as they currently stand:

(a) If the decision was made by the Registrar, Magistrate or District Judge in
the Subordinate Courts, then an application to set aside the decision can be
made by way of an application for Criminal Revision under s 400(1) of the CPC
if it was made in the course of a PTC, or under s 404(1) of the CPC if it was
made in the course of a CCDC (as the case may be). These two provisions are
reproduced below:

**Power to call for records of Subordinate Courts**

**400.** —(1) Subject to this section and section 401, the High Court may, on
its own motion or on the application of a Subordinate Court, the Public
Prosecutor or the accused in any proceedings, call for and examine the record
of any criminal proceeding before any Subordinate Court to satisfy itself as
to the correctness, legality or propriety of any judgment, sentence or order
recorded or passed and as to the regularity of those proceedings.

…

**Power to revise orders made at criminal case disclosure conference**

**404.** —(1) The High Court may, on its own motion or on the application of
the Public Prosecutor or the accused in any criminal case disclosure
conference, call for and examine the record of any criminal case disclosure
conference held under Part IX or X before a Magistrate, a District Judge, the
Registrar of the Subordinate Courts or the Registrar of the Supreme Court to
satisfy itself as to the correctness, legality or propriety of any order
recorded or passed at the criminal case disclosure conference, and as to the
regularity of the criminal case disclosure conference.

(b) If, however, the decision was made in the High Court by the Registrar of
the Supreme Court, then the appropriate procedure depends (unsatisfactorily
perhaps, in our view) on whether the first instance decision was made in a PTC
or a CCDC. If the order was made in a CCDC, then the appropriate procedure
would be to file for a Criminal Revision under s 404(1) of the CPC (reproduced
above). If, however, the order was made in a PTC, then the appropriate
procedure is not as straightforward as there appears to be a gap in the rules.
Section 404(1) of the CPC cannot be invoked in such a situation because this
provision expressly governs only orders made at a CCDC. Neither, it seems, can
s 400(1) of the CPC be invoked in such a situation because the order of the
Registrar of the Supreme Court in criminal proceedings is not an order of the
“Subordinate Court”, which is defined in s 2 of the CPC as “any court
constituted under the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321) for the administration
of criminal justice”. It seems to us that, there being no sound reason to
distinguish between an order made at a PTC and an order made at a CCDC, we
would rely on s 6 of the CPC (reproduced above at [84]) to state that the
appropriate procedure in this scenario would also be to file for a Criminal
Revision.

97 If the Public Prosecutor denies the accused person access to the relevant
documents but does not take up an application for a declaration that the
proposed denial of access is lawful inasmuch as the public interest in the
administration of criminal justice would otherwise be prejudiced or harmed,
the accused person can make his or her oral application for access to the
relevant documents to the Registrar, Magistrate or District Judge of the
Subordinate Courts, or the Registrar of the Supreme Court (as the case may be)
hearing the PTC or CCDC. Naturally, in such a situation, although the Public
Prosecutor is not the applicant, the burden still lies on the Public
Prosecutor to prove that there is cogent evidence of a reasonable prospect of
prejudice or harm to the public interest in the administration of criminal
justice.

98 It is evident from our answer to Question 4 in the preceding paragraphs
that the procedural matters are (needlessly) confusing, unclear and (on
occasion at least) inconsistent. To some extent, this is to be expected since
the discovery regime is an emerging (and, hence, developing) area of law.
While we express our views above based on the existing rules, we feel that
this is ultimately a broader issue that should be looked at by the appropriate
institutions having regard to all the relevant considerations (in particular,
the foundational legal principles of justice and fairness), in order to
formulate a sound and coherent framework which complements and gives
meaningful effect to the developments in the substantive law.

Question 5

99 To reiterate, Question 5 is as follows:

Question 5: If the answer to Question 1 is positive, and if the [CCD]
provisions in the [CPC] apply to the person making the request for access to
(or for copies of) the documents, then in cases where the documents are listed
as exhibits in the Case for the Prosecution, whether the right of access (or
for copies of) the documents is subject to the CCD disclosure provisions.

It clearly follows from our decision on Issue 2 (see above at [72]–[82]) that
Question 5 should be answered in the _negative_.

Question 6

100 To reiterate, Question 6 is as follows:

Question 6: Whether in situations where the CCD regime for criminal cases
applies, and where the documents seized from the accused person fall within
the purview of the CCD regime, the courts are precluded from invoking s 6 of
the CPC to create new procedures to allow accused persons access to, or copies
of, the seized documents.

Question 6 flows from Issue 3 (see above at [84]–[86]) and has therefore been
rendered academic in light of our analysis as well as conclusions with regard
to Issues 1 and 2.

Conclusion

101 Finally, we would like to record our appreciation to both counsel for
their invaluable assistance as well as research in respect of these
proceedings. In particular, the existence (or otherwise) of the common law
right (as well as its relationship to the CCD regime in the CPC) constitute
issues which are of great theoretical as well as practical importance, and for
which the canvassing of all the relevant arguments (by way of both written as
well as oral submissions) was imperative.

* * *

[note: 1]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 19.

[note: 2]_Ibid_ , at para 32.

[note: 3]_Ibid_ , at para 34.

[note: 4]_Ibid_ , at para 73.

[note: 5]_Ibid_ , at para 97.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

