Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lai Jenn Wuu _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 190

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 12 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 September 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Foo Cheow Ming (Peter Ong & Raymond Tan) for the
appellant; Ma Han Feng and David Chew Siong Tai (Attorney-General's Chambers)
for the Public Prosecutor.  
Parties| :|  Lai Jenn Wuu — Public Prosecutor  
  
27 September 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant is a 29-year-old male Malaysian national. Sometime in November
2011, he found a wallet in a condominium carpark. The wallet contained its
owner’s NRIC, several credit cards, $50 in cash, and a Post Office Savings
Bank (“POSB”) cheque. This cheque was blank except for a figure of $50,000
written on it in pencil. The appellant picked up and kept the wallet and its
contents. Subsequently, having lost money through gambling, he sought to make
use of the cheque to recoup his losses. He wrote in pen over the pencil-
written figure of $50,000 and forged the wallet owner’s signature on the
cheque, and on 13 February 2012 he presented this cheque at a POSB branch.
Given the amount of money involved, the bank officer to whom he presented the
cheque took steps to verify his identity. She asked him to produce his NRIC,
sign on the back of the cheque and provide his thumbprint. He complied but
produced the wallet owner’s NRIC instead. She noticed that the appellant’s
face did not match the photograph on the wallet owner’s NRIC, that his
signature on the back of the cheque was inconsistent with the signature on the
front, and that his thumbprint did not match the thumbprint on the wallet
owner’s NRIC. As a consequence she alerted her superiors, and it was
discovered after enquiries that the wallet owner had in November 2011 reported
the loss of the POSB cheque presented by the appellant.

2 The appellant pleaded guilty in the District Court to a charge of forgery
under s 465 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) and consented to have
taken into consideration a charge of dishonestly misappropriating the contents
of the wallet besides the cheque – namely, $50 in cash, credit cards and the
wallet owner’s NRIC – under s 403 of the Penal Code. He was sentenced to 4
months’ imprisonment. Before me he appealed against sentence only.

3 The appellant provided some biographical detail to persuade me to reduce the
sentence to a conditional discharge or a fine, the thrust of it being that the
appellant is a young man with a promising future in the field of medicine,
having earned a Bachelor’s degree in medicine from a university in the
People’s Republic of China and being at the time of the offence enrolled in a
course of study the completion of which would furnish him with the necessary
qualifications to practise medicine in the United States of America. A term of
imprisonment, the appellant says, would make it “virtually impossible” for him
to be licensed to practice medicine either in the USA or in China. That may be
so, but even if this were a valid mitigating factor, which I am not entirely
sure it is, it was outweighed by the seriousness of the offence. The appellant
intended to take for himself $50,000 that he knew belonged to someone else and
did all that he could towards that end. As the District Judge said, his
offence was “premeditated, deliberate and determined” and not a “momentary
lapse of judgment”. In my view anything less than a non-nominal term of
imprisonment would not be sufficient punishment.

4 However, as to the appropriate length of the term of imprisonment to be
imposed on the appellant, I am of the opinion that four months is manifestly
excessive in the circumstances. In the main, this was because no loss was
occasioned by the appellant’s act of forgery. The District Judge was
undoubtedly correct to say that “[n]o credit can be given to the accused for
this fact”, since he did everything he could intending to cause a loss of
$50,000 to the wallet’s owner and a corresponding gain to himself. But, it
does not follow that the fact that no loss was caused is entirely irrelevant,
which is what the District Judge appeared to suggest when she said that it
“was not a mitigating factor” and was “[a]t best” a “neutral factor”. The
consequences of a person’s actions are often if not invariably dependent on
things that are outside that person’s control, and hence two people may carry
out identical acts with identical intentions that nevertheless result in
vastly differing outcomes. Take a situation in which person A and person B
both aim a gun at a third person and pull the trigger intending to kill, and
A’s gun fires a bullet as planned killing his target but B’s gun jams and no
bullet is fired. On one view, A and B are equally blameworthy because they
carried out identical acts with identical intentions. Yet, the criminal law
distinguishes between the two in that A would be liable for murder while B
would be liable only for an attempt to murder, which carries a less severe
punishment than murder. The broader point of which this hypothetical situation
is an illustration is that the criminal law recognises that even consequences
which are beyond an offender’s control can be relevant in determining the
appropriate punishment for that offender. Sustained analysis might perhaps
reveal this to be an irrational moral instinct or intuition, but it is too
entrenched a feature of the criminal law to be disregarded. Therefore I am of
the view that the appellant is entitled to some degree of advantage from the
fact that no loss was caused by his forgery, however fortuitous that
consequence was. I am mindful that although the appellant caused no loss
through his forgery, he did cause loss by dishonestly misappropriating the
contents of the wallet other than the cheque, not to mention anxiety and
inconvenience since the wallet’s owner would have had to replace the
misappropriated NRIC. But the amount of the loss was not great, and as for the
anxiety and inconvenience caused, it would be disproportionate to increase the
term of imprisonment by a substantial amount on that ground alone.

5 I should deal with two of the precedents cited to me by the prosecution
because they might appear on initial examination to support a term of four
months’ imprisonment in the present case but are in my view distinguishable.
The first is _Wong Whye Hong v PP_ [2001] SGDC 378, in which the offender was
sentenced to six months’ imprisonment, a sentence affirmed by the High Court
on appeal. The offender there forged the signature of his business partner on
a cheque for $13,000 and succeeded in obtaining that sum of money from the
bank. The amount involved was smaller by some margin than that in the present
case, but I think that a higher sentence was warranted in that case because
substantial loss was caused even if temporarily, and in addition there was an
element of breach of trust which the business partner had placed in the
offender. The second precedent is District Arrest Case No 18653 of 2012, in
which one Cheah Wei Yap was sentenced to four months’ imprisonment. I do not
understand that there was an appeal from the District Court’s decision. The
offender there committed theft of a chequebook from his former superior at
work and proceeded to forge her signature on two cheques for $20,000 and
$5,000. As in the present case, he did all he could to obtain the money but
was thwarted by the bank’s vigilance. Despite the smaller amount of money
involved in that case, I would consider the offender there more culpable than
the present appellant because the former took active steps to obtain the
chequebook, which was not left out in the open but kept in a laptop bag stored
behind a shop counter, whereas for the latter the POSB cheque came into his
possession by passive finding. In addition, there was taken into consideration
in that case a wholly separate charge of housebreaking and theft by night, in
which the offender climbed through the window of a hostel room to commit theft
of a laptop belonging to a hostel guest. In the circumstances I am satisfied
that the sentence in the present case ought to be lower than that which was
imposed in the other case.

6 Finally, although the offender must bear all consequential adverse results
from his offence, I would think that for a young man with no previous
convictions to now have his hopes of a medical career dashed, which is itself,
part of the punishment he has to bear. I would vary the appellant’s sentence
to two months’ imprisonment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Sep 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

