Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Rudhra Minerals Pte Ltd _v_ MRI Trading Pte Ltd (formerly known as CWT
Integrated Services Pte Ltd)  
[2013] SGHC 187

Case Number| :| Suit No 325 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 September 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Poh Ling Wendy and Tony Tan Soon Yong(Stamford Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff; Tan Chai Ming Mark and Melissa Marie Tan Shu
Ling(Asia Practice LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Rudhra Minerals Pte Ltd — MRI Trading Pte Ltd (formerly known as
CWT Integrated Services Pte Ltd)  
  
25 September 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 The question in this case is deceptively simple: was there a binding
contract between the parties?

2 The Plaintiff is Rudhra Minerals Pte Ltd (“Rudhra Singapore”). The Defendant
is MRI Trading Pte Ltd, formerly known as CWT Integrated Services Pte Ltd
(“MRI”). Both parties are private limited companies incorporated in Singapore
and in the business of trading coal and other commodities. In mid-2011, there
were negotiations for the Plaintiff to purchase coal from the Defendant.
However, the transaction never materialised and the Plaintiff sued the
Defendant for damages, arguing that the Defendant was in repudiatory breach of
an alleged agreement made between the parties.

The facts

3 The following paragraphs set out the main facts relevant to the present
dispute. For ease of reference, a chronology of events has also been
summarised in a table in the Annexure below.

The CoalTrans Meetings

4 The parties’ relationship began in or about the end of May 2011 at the 17th
Annual CoalTrans Conference in Bali, Indonesia, an annual conference organised
for the coal industry (“the CoalTrans Conference”). The Plaintiff’s
representatives, namely, Ajaya Bhanja, Satish Sudarsan (“Satish”) and Sim Ming
Hui (“Jeffrey”), met with the Defendant’s representatives, Benjamin David
Harburg (“Ben”) and Ng Wee Teck (“Wee Teck”), at the CoalTrans Conference.
Satish was from the Marketing & Operations Department of the Plaintiff’s
Indian associated company, whereas Jeffrey was a senior manager/trader of the
Plaintiff’s Indonesian associated company. Ben was the director for Mining
Investments and Operations in the Defendant’s parent company.[note: 1] Wee
Teck was the procurement manager of Mining Investments and Operations of the
Defendant.

5 There were two meetings between the parties’ representatives at the
CoalTrans Conference (“the CoalTrans Meetings”), the first meeting being more
introductory in nature.[note: 2] During the CoalTrans Meetings, the parties
discussed the possibility of the Defendant supplying to the Plaintiff BA-63
coal at US$96 per metric tonne (“MT”) for a shipment between 21 and 30 July
2011 and US$97 per MT for a shipment in August 2011 (collectively referred to
as the “Cargo”). The parties differ on whether a deal was actually concluded
at the CoalTrans Meetings. However, it is common ground that during the
CoalTrans Meetings, the Defendant informed the Plaintiff that the intended
supplier of the Cargo would be PT Bukit Asam (Persero) Tbk (“PTBA”), a
government-owned Indonesian coal company, whose choice of load port surveyor
was PT Carsurin. The Plaintiff then requested that the Defendant check with
PTBA as to whether PTBA would be agreeable to changing the load port surveyor
to either PT Sucofindo or PT Geoservices and the Defendant agreed to do so.

6 Some explanation of the applicable technical terms may be useful here. BA-63
coal refers to a type of PTBA coal with a calorific value of 6,300
kilocalories.[note: 3] A load port surveyor in the present context is a
professional surveyor, chosen by parties to a transaction, who is responsible
for taking a sample of the coal and analysing that sample according to
international standards to determine its chemical composition and
properties.[note: 4] The results of the load port surveyor’s analysis will
indicate whether the goods conform to the contractual specifications. If the
goods fail to meet the contractual specifications and the contract provides
for rejection levels, the buyer may be contractually entitled to reject the
goods. Rejection levels (or rejection limits) are certain “tolerance”
parameters for variance from the contractual specifications; if the goods fall
outside these parameters, the buyer has the contractual right to reject the
goods.[note: 5]

Subsequent correspondence

7 Following the CoalTrans Meetings, there was a flurry of correspondence
between the Plaintiff’s Satish and Jeffrey and the Defendant’s Ben and Wee
Teck.

8 Satish and Jeffrey each sent an e-mail to the Defendant’s representatives on
1 June 2011. Satish sent an e-mail on 1 June 2011 at 11.50am to Ben and Wee
Teck, thanking them for their hospitality at the CoalTrans Conference and
stating that the Plaintiff “would be extremely keen to continue buying BA-63
coal from [the Defendant] on a regular basis”.[note: 6] Jeffrey’s e-mail on 1
June 2011 at 12.43pm to Wee Teck requested for the “coal offer that we had
concluded at CoalTrans Bali 2011”.[note: 7] On 1 June 2011 at 1.05pm, Wee Teck
sent a reply e-mail to Jeffrey, copied to, _inter alia_ , Satish and Ben,
attaching a Full Corporate Offer (“FCO”) which stated:[note: 8]

_REF: Full Corporate Offer Indonesian Thermal Coal PTBA BA63_

Dear Jeffrey,

We, with full legal and corporate responsibilities, confirm that we are ready,
willing and able to offer for sale STEAM COAL in accordance with the terms and
conditions set out as follows:

PARAMETER |  BASIS |  GUARANTEE  
---|---|---  
Gross Calorific Value |  (ADB) |  6,300 kcal/kg  
Total Moisture |  (ARB) |  22%  
Inherent Moisture |  (ADB) |  10.5%  
Ash Content |  (ADB) |  7%  
... |  ... |  ...  
  
  

Port of loading: |  Tarahan, Sumatra  
---|---  
Loading Rate: |  16,000mt PWWD SHINC  
Payment: |  100% Confirmed, Irrevocable, and Non-Transferable LC [Letter of Credit] at Sight from Prime Bank. LC to be issued within 3 calendar days upon signing of contract  
Surveyor: |  _To be mutually decided_  
Laycan Date: |  21–30 July and August 2011  
Quantity: |  1 x 60,000 MT +/- 10% per month  
Price FOB MV: |  US$96/mt July 2011, US$97/mt August  
Offer Validity: |  COB [close of business] 3rd June 2011  
|  
_The above is subject to further terms and conditions to be mutually agreed_.
... [emphasis added]  
  
  

9 The Plaintiff’s Jeffrey then sent a response e-mail dated 1 June 2011 at
5.01pm (the “Plaintiff’s 1 June 2011 Response E-mail”), stating:[note: 9]

Dear Wee Teck,

Thank you very much for the FCO which we received.

We confirm purchase of 2 shipments of BA-63 loading 20–30 July 2011 & Aug 2011
at USD 96 & USD 97 respectively.

...

We now request you to send us the contract for both shipments asap.

...

10 On 2 June 2011, Wee Teck sent an e-mail to Jeffrey at 5.22pm (the
“Defendant’s 2June 2011 E-mail”), thanking him for the confirmation and
stating that the Defendant “will send [the Plaintiff] the contracts once [the
Defendant’s] legal has reverted with the draft”.[note: 10]

11 The Plaintiff alleges that there were various telephone conversations
between the parties’ representatives around this period of time, although this
is disputed by the Defendant. The Plaintiff alleges that there was a telephone
conversation on 1 June 2011 between Jeffrey and Wee Teck during which Jeffrey
confirmed the purchase of the Cargo before following up with the Plaintiff’s 1
June 2011 Response E-mail.[note: 11] Further, the Plaintiff claims that there
was a telephone conversation on 6 June 2011 between Ben and Satish, wherein
Satish informed Ben that the Plaintiff had begun taking active steps to sub-
sell the Cargo and asked to “close” the formalities for the deal.[note: 12]

12 On 7 June 2011, the Defendant’s Ben sent the Plaintiff via e-mail a draft
contract for the two shipments, asking the Plaintiff to “sign and
revert”.[note: 13] Jeffrey replied on 7 June 2011, noting that “the surveyor
stated is PT Carsurin but we have agreed should either be PT Sucofindo or PT
Geoservices” and asking Ben to confirm this.[note: 14] Satish also replied on
7 June 2011 to Ben’s e-mail, similarly noting that the draft contract still
mentioned PT Carsurin even though the Plaintiff had “requested for change in
loadport Inspection agency from PT Carsurin to PT Sucofindo”. Additionally,
Satish’s e-mail of 7 June 2011 requested for rejection limits for the
Cargo.[note: 15]

13 On 15 June 2011, the Plaintiff’s Jeffrey sent an e-mail to the Defendant’s
Ben and Wee Teck attaching the draft contract with comments and asking the
Defendant to review the draft contract.[note: 16] It appears that there was no
further e-mail correspondence between the parties until 30 June 2011, when the
Plaintiff’s Satish sent a chaser e-mail to Ben and Wee Teck urgently
requesting the Defendant to send the signed contract to the Plaintiff.[note:
17] On 1 July 2011 at 11.10am, Satish sent a second chaser e-mail to Ben and
Wee Teck, again asking for the signed contract.[note: 18] Ben replied to
Satish on 1 July 2011 at 11.55am stating, _inter alia_ , that: [note: 19]

Based on our phone conversations with yourself and Jeffrey beginning 14 June,
we have notified all parties that we are possibly facing quality issues on
past PTBA shipment. We are currently investigating those issues. Until
settled, we are barred from making further shipments with this producer. You
have been fully aware of this situation and outcome for the past 3 weeks.

The “phone conversations” referred to in Ben’s e-mail of 1 July 2011 are
another source of contention between the parties. As seen from the excerpt
above, the Defendant’s position is that on or about 14 June 2011, it had
contacted the Plaintiff by telephone to inform them about potential quality
issues with PTBA coal and that the Defendant could not place further orders
until these issues were resolved.[note: 20] The Defendant further alleges that
sometime in the second half of June 2011, Ben contacted Satish by telephone to
inform him that the negotiations could not continue as the parties could not
agree on the load port surveyor and the rejection levels.[note: 21] The
Plaintiff denies that the Defendant informed them as such and asserts that the
Plaintiff was only informed about the alleged quality issues on or about 29
June 2011.[note: 22]

14 On 5 July 2011, the Plaintiffs sent an e-mail to the Defendant requesting
the Defendant to perform its obligation “as per the agreed terms of the
contract”.[note: 23] The Defendant replied on 13 July 2011 denying the
existence of a binding legal contract between the parties and stating that the
negotiations between the parties had broken down as they were unable to agree
on certain terms.[note: 24] Subsequently, the Plaintiff sent various “without
prejudice” reminders to the Defendant from July to August 2011.[note: 25] A
letter of demand dated 1 February 2012 was then sent by the Plaintiff’s
solicitors to the Defendant, under which the Plaintiff purported to accept the
Defendant’s repudiatory breach of the alleged contract as bringing it to an
end.

Defendant’s application for leave to admit Wee Teck’s evidence

15 There were three witnesses in total: Jeffrey and Satish for the Plaintiff;
and Ben for the Defendant.

16 Wee Teck did not attend the trial in April 2013 to give evidence for the
Defendant, even though he had already filed an affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”). On 10 April 2013, the Defendant applied in Summons No 1927 of 2013
(“SUM 1927”) for leave to admit Wee Teck’s AEIC without his attendance at the
trial for cross-examination. Wee Teck had apparently informed counsel for the
Defendant that he would not be able to attend the trial as he was starting up
his own mining business in Indonesia and could not leave the job site there
due to his work schedule.[note: 26] I heard SUM 1927 on 12 April 2013 and
dismissed the application with costs reserved.

17 Subsequently in May 2013, before Closing Submissions were filed, there was
an unsuccessful attempt to fix a further hearing date for cross-examination of
Wee Teck. On 20 May 2013, the Defendant applied for leave to call Wee Teck to
testify; I allowed this application with costs of the application to the
Plaintiff. A further one-day hearing was subsequently fixed for 17 July 2013.
However, this hearing date was vacated after the Defendant informed the court
that Wee Teck would not be available to attend the further hearing after all.
Accordingly, I disregarded Wee Teck’s evidence contained in his AEIC, given
his failure to attend the trial for cross-examination. I drew no adverse
inference against the Defendant for Wee Teck’s failure to attend the trial as
the Plaintiff did not raise this argument in its submissions.

Issues and pleadings

18 By consent of the parties, the present trial was confined to issues of
liability, with issues of damages to be determined at a later date.[note: 27]
The main issues to be resolved are:

(a) Whether there was a binding and enforceable contract between the parties
for the sale and purchase of the Cargo, in particular:

(i) whether parties intended to enter into legal relations;

(ii) whether the contract was certain and complete; and

(b) Alternatively, whether the Defendant is estopped from denying the
existence of such a contract.

19 The Plaintiff’s primary argument is that a binding agreement between the
parties was formed at the CoalTrans Meetings or, alternatively, by the
acceptance of the FCO as acknowledged by the Defendant.[note: 28] As such, the
written contract that Jeffrey had requested for in the Plaintiff’s 1 June 2011
Response E-mail was merely a formality intended to record or embody a binding
agreement that had already been reached.[note: 29] The Defendant takes the
contrary position that a binding agreement would only come into existence upon
the execution of a formal written contract. Moreover, the Defendant says that
the parties viewed the identity of the load port surveyor and rejection levels
as essential terms that had to be agreed upon before any binding agreement was
reached, and that failure to reach agreement on the load port surveyor issue
(at least) would render the contract as a whole unworkable for
uncertainty.[note: 30] The Plaintiff disagrees that these were essential terms
but submits that in any event the parties had in fact agreed on these two
terms.[note: 31]

20 The Plaintiff’s alternative argument is that the Defendant is estopped from
denying the existence of a binding agreement. In particular, the Plaintiff
relies on the doctrines of estoppel by convention/common assumption and
estoppel by representation.

Whether parties entered into a binding and enforceable agreement

21 Having considered the evidence and arguments before me, I find that the
parties intended to enter into a binding contract on 1 June 2011 when the
Plaintiff accepted the FCO, even though the choice of load port surveyor was
to be agreed upon at a later date. However, as there was no evidence that the
parties reached agreement on the surveyor issue, the contract is unworkable
and void for uncertainty.

Parties intended to be bound

22 The issue here is whether parties intended to enter into a binding
agreement at the CoalTrans Meetings or, alternatively, by the acceptance of
the FCO as acknowledged by the Defendant. The test for ascertaining the
parties’ intentions is an objective one and thus the language used by one
party, whatever his real intention may be, has to be construed in the sense in
which it would reasonably be understood by the other: _Tribune Investment
Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 at [40].

23 I should first state that while much oral evidence was given as to the
witnesses’ subjective state of mind at the CoalTrans Meetings and during
subsequent discussions, I have placed more reliance on the relevant
documentary and circumstantial evidence instead. The reason for this is that I
found the subjective statements of the witnesses often unhelpful in terms of
objectivity and recollection. As Andrew Phang JA observed in _OCBC Capital
Investment Asia Ltd v Wong Hua Choon_ [2012] 4 SLR 1206 (“ _OCBC Capital_ ”)
at [41]:

... It bears mention that the first port of call for any court in determining
the existence of an alleged contract and/or its terms would be the relevant
_documentary_ evidence. _Where (as in the present case) the issue is whether
or not a binding contract_ _exists_ _between the parties, a contemporaneous
written record of the evidence is obviously more reliable than a witness’s
oral testimony given well after the fact, recollecting what has transpired.
Such evidence may be coloured by the onset of subsequent events and the very
factual dispute between the parties. In this regard_ , _subjective_
_statements of witnesses_ _alone_ _are, in the nature of things, often
unhelpful_. Further, where the witnesses themselves are not legally trained,
counsel ought not … to forensically parse the words they use as if they were
words in a statute. This is not to state that oral testimony should, _ipso
facto_ , be discounted. On the contrary, _credible_ oral testimony can be
helpful to the court, especially where … such testimony is given for the
purpose of _clarifying the existing documentary evidence_. … [emphasis in
original in italics; emphasis added underlined]

24 There are a number of indications that the parties did intend to enter into
a binding contract on 1 June 2011 through the Plaintiff’s acceptance of the
FCO. The parties had already met twice at the CoalTrans Conference, where the
Defendant’s representatives had represented to the Plaintiff that the
Defendant was able and interested to supply the Plaintiff with PTBA
coal.[note: 32] During the CoalTrans Meetings, the parties reached agreement
on most of the major terms of the transaction, including the specifications of
the product to be sold, the price, the quantity, and the shipment
period.[note: 33] Shortly thereafter, Satish and Jeffrey followed up on the
parties’ discussions by sending e-mails to the Defendant’s representatives on
1 June 2011. Satish’s e-mail to Ben and Wee Teck on 1 June 2011 at 11.50am
stated that the parties had “conclude[d] 2 shipments of BA-63 coal” and that
the Plaintiff “would be extremely keen to continue buying BA-63 coal from [the
Defendant] on a regular basis”.[note: 34] Jeffrey’s e-mail on 1 June 2011 at
12.43pm requested Wee Teck for the “coal offer that we had concluded at
CoalTrans Bali 2011”.[note: 35] Wee Teck did not challenge Jeffrey’s use of
the word “concluded” but sent the FCO to the Plaintiff less than an hour later
at 1.05pm. The FCO stated that:

[The Defendant], with full legal and corporate responsibilities, confirm that
we are ready, willing and able to offer for sale STEAM COAL in accordance with
the terms and conditions set out as follows …

It also clearly stated that the “Offer Validity” was until 3 June 2011 (see
[8] above). The FCO was thus the formal offer letter sent to the Plaintiff
recording whatever was discussed and agreed upon at the CoalTrans
Meetings.[note: 36] This offer was accepted at 5.01pm on the same day through
the Plaintiff’s 1 June 2011 Response E-mail, the purpose of which was to
“confirm purchase of 2 shipments of BA-63 loading 20–30 July & Aug 2011 at USD
96 & USD 97 respectively” (see [9] above). The next day, the Plaintiff’s
confirmation of the purchase was acknowledged by Wee Teck in the Defendant’s 2
June 2011 E-mail. The language used by the parties in their e-mails and in the
FCO was evidently the language of offer and acceptance. Moreover, the
Defendant only issued an FCO to the Plaintiff and not to other potential
buyers who were interested in purchasing the Cargo around the same time at a
similar price.[note: 37]

25 It is argued on behalf of the Defendant that the FCO was nevertheless
“subject to contract” such that parties are only bound when a formal written
contract is executed.[note: 38] To this end, the Defendant asserts that the
phrase “subject to further terms and conditions to be mutually agreed” located
at the end of the FCO has the same meaning as the stock phrase “subject to
contract”, which is that parties do not intend to be contractually bound until
a contract is signed: see _Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Newport
Mining Ltd and another appeal_ [2011] 4 SLR 617 (“ _Norwest Holdings_ ”) at
[23]. However, I am minded to agree with the Plaintiff that a more objective
interpretation of this phrase is: “[t]here may be further terms, in addition
to what is stated in the FCO, that parties may decide to agree to in relation
to the sale and purchase of the [C]argo”.[note: 39] Ultimately, whether or not
certain stock phrases are used in a contract, the question whether there is a
binding contract between the parties is determined by considering all the
circumstances of the case: _Norwest Holdings_ at [24]. In the present context,
the phrase “subject to further terms and conditions to be mutually agreed”
clearly referenced the fact that there was already existing agreement on the
terms and conditions stated in the FCO, to which _further_ terms and
conditions could be added by mutual agreement. The present situation thus
belongs to the fourth class of cases identified in the Australian courts
(additional to the three stated in _Masters and another v Cameron_ [1954] 91
CLR 353) as:

… one in which the parties were content to be bound immediately and
exclusively by the terms which they had agreed upon whilst expecting to make a
further contract in substitution for the first contract, containing, by
consent, additional terms …

_Sinclair, Scott & Co Ltd v Naughton_ (1929) 43 CLR 310 at 317; _Baulkham
Hills Private Hospital Pty Ltd v G R Securities Pty Ltd_ (1986) 40 NSWLR 622.

26 Perhaps the strongest argument made on behalf of the Defendant was that
parties had not reached a binding agreement because they had not agreed on all
essential terms to the transaction. The Defendant argues that the parties
viewed the choice of the load port surveyor and the inclusion of rejection
levels as two essential terms that had to be agreed upon before any binding
agreement was reached. In particular, the choice of load port surveyor was
stated in the FCO “[t]o be mutually decided”. In ascertaining the meaning and
import of this phrase, I had regard to two Singapore cases dealing with the
phrase “to be agreed”. In _Jewellery Industries (S) Pte Ltd v Sintat Rent-a-
Car Pte Ltd_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 744 (“ _Jewellery Industries_ ”), Judith Prakash
JC held that an option for renewal of a lease which provided that the renewed
tenancy was to be “on such terms and conditions as may be agreed to between
the parties” was void for uncertainty. In that case, it was also stated (at
[20]) that the phrase “to be agreed” is the classic phrase typically employed
when parties do not want to be contractually bound. Subsequently in the case
of _Climax Manufacturing Co Ltd v Colles Paragon Converters (S) Pte Ltd_
[1998] 3 SLR(R) 540 (“ _Climax Manufacturing_ ”), Prakash JC clarified (at
[26]) that her statement in _Jewellery Industries_ was a general observation
and not an unbending rule; the words “to be agreed” have to be construed in
their context and their mere presence in the agreement does not mean that
_ipso facto_ no concluded contract is formed. I wholly agree with this
proposition. The use of a stock phrase in a document is not conclusive of the
parties’ intention to be bound; in every case, all the circumstances must be
considered.

27 At this juncture, I would also emphasise that parties may conclude a
binding contract even though there are some terms yet to be agreed between
them; the important question is whether the parties, by their words and
conduct objectively ascertained, have demonstrated that they intend to be
bound despite the unsettled terms: see _OCBC Capital_ ([23] _supra_) at [39],
citing _The “Rainbow Spring”_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 362 at [20]. The following
principles laid down by Lloyd LJ in _Pagnan SpA v Feed Products Ltd_ [1987] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 601 (“ _Pagnan_ ”) at 619 are apposite:

As to the law, the principles to be derived from the authorities … can be
summarized as follows:

…

(2) Even if the parties have reached agreement on all the terms of the
proposed contract, nevertheless they may intend that the contract shall not
become binding until some further condition has been fulfilled. That is the
ordinary “subject to contract” case.

(3) Alternatively, they may intend that the contract shall not become binding
until some further term or terms have been agreed; …

(4) **_Conversely, the parties may intend to be bound forthwith even though
there are further terms still to be agreed or some further formality to be
fulfilled_** (see _Love and Stewart v. Instone_ per Lord Loreburn at p. 476).

(5) If the parties fail to reach agreement on such further terms, the existing
contract is not invalidated unless the failure to reach agreement on such
further terms renders the contract as a whole unworkable or void for
uncertainty.

(6) It is sometimes said that the parties must agree on the essential terms
and that it is only matters of detail which can be left over. This may be
misleading, since the word “essential” in that context is ambiguous. If by
“essential” one means a term without which the contract cannot be enforced
then the statement is true: the law cannot enforce an incomplete contract. If
by “essential” one means a term which the parties have agreed to be essential
for the formation of a binding contract, then the statement is tautologous. If
by “essential” one means only a term which the Court regards as important as
opposed to a term which the Court regards as less important or a matter of
detail, the statement is untrue. **_It is for the parties to decide whether
they wish to be bound and, if so, by what terms, whether important or
unimportant._** It is the parties who are, in the memorable phrase coined by
the Judge, “the masters of their contractual fate”. Of course the more
important the term is the less likely it is that the parties will have left it
for future decision. But there is no legal obstacle which stands in the way of
parties agreeing to be bound now while deferring important matters to be
agreed later. It happens every day when parties enter into so-called “heads of
agreement”. …

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The passage above makes it clear that whether or not a term is objectively
important is a different question from whether the parties intended to be
bound. It is not for the court to decide which terms are important such that
parties must agree on those terms before any binding contract can be
concluded. Rather, it is for the parties to decide whether and when they wish
to be bound and, if so, by what terms. I therefore do not accept the
Plaintiff’s submission that whether or not a term is essential is to be
determined by the court and that a party’s subjective intention or
understanding in that regard is irrelevant.[note: 40]

28 In my opinion, the fact that the load port surveyor was “[t]o be mutually
decided” as stated in the FCO does not detract from the parties’ intention to
be bound at that time. I accept that the choice of load port surveyor was of
economic significance to both parties and would usually be agreed before any
binding contract was entered into. Jeffrey was saying as much when he agreed
in cross-examination that the choice of the load port surveyor was “essential
in order to have a contract”.[note: 41] However, I do not accept that either
party intended agreement on this issue to be a precondition to being bound.
The FCO was drafted shortly after the CoalTrans Meetings where parties had
discussed the choice of load port surveyor and agreed that the Defendant would
request PTBA to change the load port surveyor to either PT Sucofindo or PT
Geoservices from PT Carsurin (see [5] above). Parties had narrowed down the
identity of the load port surveyor to a few names and there was a broad
understanding as to how the parties were to reach agreement on this issue
shortly thereafter. I do not think that either party as at 1 June 2011
imagined that there would subsequently be a dispute as to the identity of the
load port surveyor. From the evidence I also do not think that either party
considered the consequences of failing to agree on this issue. In this
context, the inclusion of the phrase “[t]o be mutually decided” in the FCO
does not, to my mind, indicate that the parties intended to be bound only when
they had actually agreed upon a particular load port surveyor.

29 As for rejection levels, the Plaintiff did regard this term as important.
Having received the draft contract from Ben on 7 June 2011, Jeffrey and Satish
both sent a number of reply e-mails to Ben highlighting the importance of
having rejection levels in the contract. For instance, Jeffrey’s e-mail on 8
June 2011 at 9.36am stated that the Plaintiff “need[ed] rejection
levels”.[note: 42] Similarly, Satish sent an e-mail to Ben on 8 June 2011 at
4.05pm stating that “[s]ince we have rejection levels with our client, it is
imperative to have cut off values for CV(adb) & TM(arb) even if we have no
rejection levels for ash & sulphur”.[note: 43] While Jeffrey testified at the
trial that the inclusion of rejection levels was _not_ an essential term of
the contract and the Plaintiff might still have taken the coal without
rejection levels because PTBA was a reputable miner and the product was a
“branded coal”[note: 44], I was not persuaded that the inclusion of rejection
levels was wholly unimportant to the Plaintiff.

30 However, the issue of rejection levels only surfaced after the Defendant
sent the draft contract to the Plaintiff; it was neither discussed at the
CoalTrans Meetings nor mentioned in the FCO.[note: 45] Therefore it cannot be
said that the parties intended to defer legal relations until the issue of
rejection levels had been agreed upon because this issue was a new point that
was only brought up _after_ 1 June 2011 when the Plaintiff accepted the FCO.
That there were subsequent discussions between the parties on the inclusion of
rejection levels is of little relevance once we accept that the parties were
capable of arriving at a binding agreement on 1 June 2011. As Lord Cozens-
Hardy MR said in _Perry v Suffields, Limited_ [1916] 2 Ch 187 (“ _Perry_ ”) at
191–192, approving the headnote in _Bellamy v Debenham_ (1890) 45 Ch D 481 (“
_Bellamy_ ”):

… “Though, when a contract is contained in letters, the whole correspondence
should be looked at, yet if once a definite offer has been made, and it has
been accepted without qualification, and it appears that the letters of offer
and acceptance contained all the terms agreed on between the parties,”—that
means, of course, agreed on at the date of the offer and acceptance—“the
complete contract thus arrived at cannot be affected by subsequent
negotiation. When once it is shewn that there is a complete contract, further
negotiations between the parties cannot, without the consent of both, get rid
of the contract already arrived at.” …

Of course, this does not mean that regard should never be had to subsequent
negotiations; the court should look at the parties’ correspondence
holistically. _Hussey v Horne-Payne_ (1879) 4 App Cas 311 (“ _Hussey_ ”) was a
case where subsequent negotiations showed that the terms of the intended
agreement, which were of great practical importance to the parties, then
remained unsettled and were still the subject of further negotiation. But
_Hussey_ was distinguished by _Perry_ on the ground that in the former case
there were, prior to the date of the two letters relied upon as establishing a
contract, certain terms which had been discussed and had not been settled
between the parties (_Perry_ at 190). Lord Cozens-Hardy MR in _Perry_ then
cited with approval the following statement by North J in _Bellamy_ (_Perry_
at 192):

… In my opinion, subsequent negotiations, first commenced on _new points_
after a complete contract in itself has been signed, cannot be regarded as
constituting part of the negotiations going on at the time when it was signed.
… [emphasis added]

In a similar vein, Lloyd LJ in _Pagnan_ also stated (at 620):

… Indeed the only indication the other way is that the parties continued with
their negotiations after the confirmatory telex of Feb. 1. But that is not
really an indication at all. Once one accepts that the parties are in law
capable of making what I will call an interim agreement, it was only to be
expected that they would continue negotiating the terms that remained without
delay. This is what they did. In my view the Judge drew the right inference as
to the parties’ intentions.

I agree with the above statements made in _Perry_ and _Pagnan_. If anything,
rejection levels would be part of the “further terms and conditions to be
mutually agreed” (see [25] above).

31 It was further argued on behalf of the Defendant that the fact that the
Plaintiff made substantial amendments to the draft contract and kept chasing
for the signed contract showed that a binding agreement had not yet been
entered into.[note: 46] It is evident that the Plaintiff did propose numerous
amendments to the draft contract, including amendments relating to the _force
majeure_ clause, limitation of liability provisions, choice of load port
surveyor and the inclusion of rejection levels.[note: 47] I also agree that
the Plaintiff displayed some urgency in its requests to conclude the draft
contract, especially as the days drew closer to the proposed delivery date
under the FCO. For example, the Plaintiff’s 1 June 2011 Response E-mail
requested for “the contract for both shipments asap”.[note: 48] On 6 June
2011, Satish asked the Defendant to “forward [the Plaintiff] the contract asap
since we need to close this”.[note: 49] Satish’s first chaser e-mail to the
Defendant on 30 June 2011 also requested for the signed contract in the
following manner:[note: 50]

We are still awaiting the signed contract from your end for which we have been
continuously chasing and for which we have not received any response yet. ...

As discussed with Ben Harburg a while ago, we have already sold the first
cargo (21–30 July 2011) to one of our clients and since the laycan is fast
approaching, it is imperative that [MRI] send us the signed contract asap.

The matter is most urgent and solicits your immediate response.

The fact that there were substantial amendments to the draft contract as well
as the fact that the draft contract incorporated numerous new terms not found
in the FCO diminishes the Plaintiff’s submission that the written contract was
merely a formality meant to embody what was already agreed in the FCO: see
_Cendekia Candranegara Tjiang v Yin Kum Choy_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 283 at [25],
[33]). However, as I have stated above, parties may conclude a binding
contract even though there are some terms yet to be agreed between them. As
for the urgency for the written contract on the part of the Plaintiff’s
representatives, I do not think that this can be interpreted to mean only that
the Plaintiff knew that they did not yet have a binding agreement with the
Defendant. It is equally likely that the Plaintiff, knowing that there were
further terms and conditions as well as the choice of the load port surveyor
to be mutually agreed upon after the date of acceptance of the FCO, simply
wanted the signed contract to ensure that all these details were finalised
before the first shipment date on 21 July 2011.

Contract void for uncertainty

32 That the parties intended to be bound on 1 June 2011 by the Plaintiff’s
acceptance of the FCO despite there being further terms still to be agreed is
not conclusive of the matter. The question now is whether parties have indeed
reached agreement on these further terms. If they have not, the existing
contract is not invalidated unless the failure to reach agreement on such
further terms renders the contract as a whole unworkable or void for
uncertainty: _Pagnan_ at 619 (see [27] above). For a contract to be valid and
enforceable, its terms must be certain and the contract must be complete. A
term that is “uncertain” exists but is otherwise incomprehensible; an
agreement that is “incomplete” has certain terms that do not (but should)
exist and the non-existence of these terms make the agreement
incomprehensible: _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Andrew Phang Boon Leong
ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at para 03.145. A term is also uncertain and a
contract incomplete where there is no objective or reasonable method of
ascertaining how the term or agreement is to be carried out, thus rendering
the agreement unworkable. As Maugham LJ stated in the classic case of _Foley v
Classique Coaches Ltd_ [1934] 2 KB 1 at 13:

… unless all the material terms of the contract are agreed there is no binding
agreement. An agreement to agree in future is not a contract; nor is there a
contract if a material term is neither settled nor implied by law and the
document contains no machinery for ascertaining it.

I also bear in mind the countervailing policy of endeavouring to uphold
contracts where possible rather than striking them down: see _Climax
Manufacturing_ ([26] supra) at [22] and [26]; _Gardner Smith (SE Asia) Pte Ltd
v Jee Woo Trading Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 950 at [10]–[11]; _Hillas & Co
Limited v Arcos Limited_ (1932) LT 503 at 514.

33 In my view, the key issue here revolves around the choice of the load port
surveyor rather than rejection levels. While it was unclear from the parties’
subsequent correspondence whether or not parties eventually agreed on
rejection levels, the FCO which the Plaintiff had accepted did not provide for
rejection levels and unless there was a subsequent agreement stipulating
otherwise, the transaction could very well have proceeded on the basis of no
rejection levels.[note: 51] As mentioned above at [29], Jeffrey testified that
the Plaintiff might have taken the Cargo even without rejection levels.

34 The role of the load port surveyor in a transaction such as the present
would be to analyse samples of the Cargo using international standards for the
purposes of ascertaining whether or not the Cargo conforms to the contractual
specifications (see [6] above). It should first be noted that both parties
implicitly accepted that a load port surveyor was necessary for the
transaction; the only disagreement was on whether the _identity_ of the load
port surveyor was important. The Plaintiff’s argument was that the choice of
load port surveyor was not an essential term of the contract, such that lack
of an agreement on this issue could _not_ have the effect of rendering the
contract unworkable. These were essentially the Plaintiff’s reasons:

(a) Since load port surveyors in the coal industry employ an international
standard, the results of analysis of the same product taken by any
professional, independent and established surveyor employing the same method
of sampling and testing are expected to be largely similar.[note: 52]

(b) In the absence of agreement on the identity of the load port surveyor, it
would still be possible to perform the contract and the Defendant would still
be able to prove that it has complied with its contractual obligations by
producing the results of any professional, independent and established load
port surveyor showing that the goods conform to the contractual
specifications.[note: 53]

35 I do not accept the Plaintiff’s contention that the choice of load port
surveyor was not an essential term of the contract (_ie_ , a term without
which the contract cannot be enforced). The Plaintiff’s argument that the
results of analysis of the same product by any professional, independent and
established surveyor would be largely similar is a mere “logical” inference
unsupported by any evidence and contradicted by Ben’s testimony that “the load
port results from different surveyors regardless of whether they’re following
the same international standards are quite different”.[note: 54] This argument
is also inconsistent with Satish’s testimony that he had bad experiences with
PT Carsurin in the past. As Satish stated in cross-examination:[note: 55]

QDid you---did---did you know of or have any personal bad experience with
Carsurin?

ANot in this company. But in my previous companies, yes.

QWith Carsurin?

AYes.

QYou had issues with?

AYes.

QWhat---what---what sort of issues did you have?

AWell, they have been the ba---the report that they, er, er, get at the load
port sometimes one or two shipments we faced the problem at the discharge
port, er, _it has been inconsistent_. It had been at that time. That is the
reason we’ve requested Ben if you could---

Q _When you say it’s inconsistent, you mean their load port survey was not---
not quite accurate? Not good enough?_ What---what---what do you mean?

A _In a general way, that’s exactly what I’m trying to tell you, yes_.

[emphasis added]

Satish’s testimony clearly shows that there may be divergence in the results
of different surveyors analysing the same coal. If the Plaintiff’s position
then is that PT Carsurin produces inconsistent results because it is not a
professional, independent and established surveyor, the Plaintiff is still
conceding that the identity of the load port surveyor is important because it
must comply with the criteria of being “professional, independent and
established”. The Plaintiff’s suggestion that it would still be possible to
perform the contract by the Defendant producing the results of any
“professional, independent and established” load port surveyor is thus not
workable not only because there is no evidence that the results of any
“professional, independent and established” surveyor would be equally
satisfactory but also because there appears to be no objective way of
ascertaining whether or not a particular load port surveyor is “professional,
independent and established”.

36 The question is then whether or not the parties had reached agreement on
the load port surveyor. The Plaintiff contends that the parties agreed that
the choice of the load port surveyor would, by default, be PT Carsurin if the
Plaintiff’s preference for PT Geoservices or PT Sucofindo was not acceptable
to PTBA.[note: 56] This arrangement was allegedly discussed and agreed upon at
the CoalTrans Meetings. The Plaintiff did not insist on the appointment of
their preferred surveyor.[note: 57] The Defendant, however, maintains that the
parties never agreed on a default load port surveyor.[note: 58] According to
Ben, Satish had informed him at the CoalTrans Meetings that PT Carsurin was
not acceptable to the Plaintiff as a surveyor and that the Plaintiff would not
agree to a deal if PT Carsurin was appointed as the load port surveyor.[note:
59]

37 Looking at the evidence in totality, it is unlikely that the parties agreed
at the CoalTrans Meetings or at any point thereafter that the default load
port surveyor would be PT Carsurin if the Plaintiff’s request to change the
load port surveyor could not be accommodated. Nowhere in the documentary
evidence was a default arrangement to use PT Carsurin mentioned. The FCO sent
to the Plaintiff on 1 June 2011 only provided that this issue was “[t]o be
mutually decided”.[note: 60] In fact, Satish’s and Jeffrey’s e-mails dated 7
June 2011 which acknowledged receipt of the draft contract both seemed to push
for the load port surveyor to be changed without more (see [12] above). An
e-mail from Satish to Ben dated 8 June 2011 at 10.24am stated: “we appreciate
your constant follow up with PTBA and trust that you will continue to endeavor
to get either PT Geoservices or PT Sucofindo accepted by PTBA and send us your
kind confirmation subsequently”.[note: 61] All references to “PT Carsurin” in
the draft contract were amended to “PT Sucofindo / PT Geoservices” by the
Plaintiff when it sent back the amended draft contract to the Defendant on 15
June 2011.[note: 62] Moreover, a “without prejudice” e-mail sent by the
Plaintiff to the Defendant dated 19 July 2011 asking the Defendant to perform
its legal obligations noted that “the surveyor according to the FCO itself was
to be mutually decided between the Parties”.[note: 63]

38 The Plaintiff’s explanation as to why Satish and Jeffrey had not mentioned
this default arrangement in their e-mail correspondence was as follows:[note:
64]

[The Plaintiff] did express a preference for its own choice and naturally,
[the Plaintiff] would wish that its choice could prevail. In these
circumstances, it is perfectly understandable that Satish and/or Jeffrey, as
commercial men, would not have highlighted in their email correspondences
[_sic_] explicitly that the default surveyor would be PT Carsurin since they
would like [the Defendant] to try and get PTBA to agree to [the Plaintiff’s]
preferred load port surveyor.

I fail to see how the above explanation proves that there was indeed such a
default arrangement between the parties. On the contrary, if Satish and
Jeffrey, as commercial men, wanted their choice of load port surveyor to
prevail, they would not have told the Defendant at all that they were willing
to accept PT Carsurin by default. Had they done so, this would have impaired
their chances of getting PTBA to agree to change the load port surveyor.
Moreover, if the Plaintiff was indeed prepared to accept PT Carsurin, it was
odd that they did not capitulate sooner on this issue, given Satish’s and
Jeffrey’s own understanding that PTBA was likely to adopt a “take it or leave
it” attitude regarding the choice of load port surveyor.[note: 65] I also find
it telling that there was no allusion whatsoever to any default arrangement
regarding the surveyor issue in the parties’ correspondence starting from
early July 2011, which was the period of time when it was becoming
increasingly clear that the Defendant had no intention of performing the
shipments and the parties were exchanging many “without prejudice” letters. In
fact, counsel for the Defendant highlighted that the Plaintiff had amended its
Reply only in late February 2013, eight months after the original Reply was
filed, to include the point that there was an agreement that PT Carsurin would
be the default surveyor.[note: 66]

39 I also do not accept the Plaintiff’s argument that because the Defendant
never stated that the Plaintiff’s alleged insistence on the load port surveyor
was a deal-breaker and never called off the deal to approach other interested
buyers, the omission of any such response indicated that there was in fact an
agreement between parties that the default surveyor would remain as PT
Carsurin.[note: 67] I cannot infer solely from the Defendant’s silence the
existence of an agreement to use PT Carsurin as the default load port
surveyor; the burden of proving this falls on the Plaintiff.

40 Thus, as the term relating to the choice of load port surveyor was
essential to the contract but not agreed, the contract is void for uncertainty
or, to be more precise, for being incomplete. Even though parties had narrowed
down the choice of load port surveyor to PT Casurin, PT Susofindo or PT
Geoservices, there was no way to objectively ascertain who the load port
surveyor should be as there was no evidence of either an established course of
dealing between the parties or trade practice in relation to a choice of a
default load port surveyor.

Whether the Defendant is estopped from denying the existence of a contract

Estoppel argument does not overcome problem of uncertainty

41 Having concluded that any agreement formed between the parties for the sale
and purchase of the Cargo would be void for lack of an essential term, I find
that this also disposes of the Plaintiff’s alternative argument based on
estoppel by convention and estoppel by representation. Let me explain why.

42 The Plaintiff’s argument based on estoppel by convention is as follows.
Both parties mistakenly assumed, and acted on the common assumption, that
there was a binding agreement between them and that the formal contract was
only intended to embody the already concluded agreement. Alternatively, this
assumption was made by the Plaintiff and acquiesced to by the Defendant. As a
result of such an assumption, the Plaintiff sourced for sub-buyers for the
Cargo and it would therefore be unjust to allow the Defendant to aver
otherwise.[note: 68]

43 Further, or in the alternative, the Plaintiff argues that there was
estoppel by representation as the Defendant’s representations had induced the
Plaintiff to believe that there was a binding agreement between the parties
and the Plaintiff had relied on those representations by sourcing for sub-
buyers for the Cargo.[note: 69] The Plaintiff also says that the Defendant is
estopped from asserting that it had not agreed to the inclusion of rejection
levels. These alleged representations made by the Defendant were express
representations or representations in the form of silence when there was an
obligation on the Defendant to refute the Plaintiff’s assertions, such as
Ben’s e-mail of 1 July 2011 (see [13] above) wherein the Defendant did not
dispute the existence of a binding contract or assert that the issues relating
to the load port surveyor and rejection levels were outstanding.[note: 70]

44 One immediate problem with the Plaintiff’s arguments as they are formulated
is that it is unclear whether they purport to establish conclusions of law or
conclusions of fact. In other words, it is unclear whether these arguments
purport to establish a binding agreement or merely the _fact_ that the
Defendant had intended to enter into a binding agreement. The Plaintiff
pleaded an estoppel by representation of fact, the effect of which, at the
risk of stating the obvious, is to estop a party from denying the relevant
fact. Estoppel by convention, on the other hand, is not a discrete category of
estoppel of the same order as proprietary estoppel, promissory estoppel and
estoppel by representation of fact but is distinguished by the _means_ by
which responsibility is assumed for the proposition on which the estoppel is
founded: Piers Feltham, Daniel Hochberg and Tom Leech, _The Law Relating to
Estoppel by Representation: The Original Text By George Spencer Bower_
(LexisNexis UK, 4th Ed, 2004) at p 8, para I.2.9. In each case an estoppel by
convention will thus be an instance of:

(a) proprietary estoppel (where it concerns rights in or over property);

(b) promissory estoppel (where it concerns a promise); or

(c) estoppel by representation of fact (where it concerns a fact): _ibid_.

In this case it is not clear which of these three categories the alleged
estoppel by convention falls into. But it seems to me that the Plaintiff
should have pleaded promissory estoppel rather than estoppel by representation
of fact, because the Plaintiff was really seeking to prevent the Defendant
from going back on an alleged promise or assurance as to its future conduct. A
statement as to intention that purports to bind the representor as to the
future is in nature a promise and will not, therefore, found an estoppel by
representation of fact: _The Law Relating to Estoppel by Representation_ at p
31, para II.5.1.

45 However, even if the Plaintiff had pleaded a promissory estoppel, this
argument would have failed for want of certainty. The requirement of certainty
applies to the doctrine of promissory estoppel as much as it does in contract
law. In _Baird Textiles Holdings Ltd v Marks & Spencer plc_ [2002] 1 All ER
(Comm) 737 (“ _Baird_ ”), one of the claims was that the defendant was
estopped from denying that there was an implied contract between the parties.
Sir Andrew Morritt V-C rejected this argument, stating at [38]:

In my view English law, as presently understood, does not enable the creation
or recognition by estoppel of an enforceable right of the type and in the
circumstances relied on in this case. First it would be necessary for such an
obligation to be **_sufficiently certain_** to enable the court to give effect
to it. That **_such certainty is required in the field of estoppels_** such as
is claimed in this case as well as in contract was indicated by the House of
Lords in _Woodhouse AC Israel Cocoa Ltd SA v Nigeria Produce Marketing Co Ltd_
[1972] 2 All ER 271, [1972] AC 741 and by Ralph Gibson LJ in _Troop v Gibson_
[1986] 1 EGLR 1 at 6. … [emphasis added in bold italics]

_Woodhouse AC Israel Cocoa Ltd SA and another v Nigerian Produce Marketing Co
Ltd_ [1972] AC 741 (“ _Woodhouse_ ”) was an appeal concerning the alleged
variation of existing contractual terms through the parties’ correspondence
and, alternatively, by virtue of a promissory estoppel. The House of Lords
dismissed the appeal and held that if the correspondence was ambiguous or
imprecise, the alternative claim based on promissory estoppel would fail. Lord
Pearson stated (at 762):

… In a case of this kind the alleged “representation” or promise or assurance
ought to be reasonably clear and definite both as to the terms of the contract
which is being waived and as to the duration of the waiver. It may be that the
“representation” or promise or assurance has to have at least as much
precision as would be needed for a variation of the contract.

Lord Hailsham of St Marylebone LC in _Woodhouse_ also doubted whether an
ambiguous statement could found an estoppel to vary the contract (at 757):

… I share the feeling of incredulity expressed by Lord Denning M.R. in the
course of his judgment in the instant case when he said [1971] 2 Q.B. 23,
59–60:

“If the judge be right, it leads to this extraordinary consequence: A letter
which is not sufficient to _vary_ a contract is, nevertheless, sufficient to
work an _estoppel_ —which will have the same effect as a _variation_.”

[emphasis in original]

46 Thus, my earlier finding that any purported contract for the sale and
purchase of the Cargo would be void for uncertainty or for being incomplete as
the identity of the load port surveyor was not agreed on between the parties
is also fatal to the Plaintiff’s alternative arguments based on estoppel.

Estoppel as a shield, not as a sword

47 After the close of the trial and exchange of closing submissions, I was
also troubled by the lack of argument on what seemed like an obvious point of
controversy, namely, whether the Plaintiff is relying on estoppel as a cause
of action in this case and, if so, whether this is permissible under Singapore
law. I thus directed parties on 15 August 2013 to file brief further
submissions on this point. Having done so, I think it important to make some
observations on this issue although this was not strictly necessary, given my
conclusion above that the Plaintiff’s estoppel argument fails _in limine_ for
want of certainty.

48 The Plaintiff in its further submissions argued that the doctrines of
estoppel by representation and estoppel by convention can be used to found its
cause of action (_ie_ , as a “sword”). The alternative argument was that
estoppel could be used to preclude the Defendant from denying the existence of
the contract or setting up a defence that the FCO was “subject to contract” or
that the parties had not agreed on essential terms.[note: 71] The Plaintiff
highlighted that an estoppel may be pleaded as a cause of action in Australia
and New Zealand, relying in particular on the Australian High Court case of
_Waltons Stores (Interstate) Limited v Maher and another_ (1988) 164 CLR 387
(“ _Waltons Stores_ ”). To that end, the Plaintiff also relied on the Hong
Kong case of _Siegfried Adalbert Unruh v Hans-Joerg Seeberger and another_
[2007] HKCFA 10 (“ _Siegfried_ ”) where it was stated at [152] that “[t]he
doctrine [of estoppel by convention] therefore does not play a wholly
defensive role in litigation”. However, that this reliance was misplaced
becomes evident when one considers the whole paragraph of _Siegfried_ from
which this sentence was lifted:

152\. It is clear that, unlike equitable estoppels which create enforceable
equitable rights, _an estoppel by convention is not a source of legal
obligation_. However, such an estoppel may, in the circumstances of the
particular case, _result in an otherwise ineffective or incomplete cause of
action being made viable_. The doctrine therefore does not play a wholly
defensive role in litigation. [emphasis added]

The above passage merely shows that an estoppel may be used to establish a
proposition necessary to complete or make effective a cause of action, which
is a less controversial proposition than that an estoppel can be used as a
cause of action in itself. For the same reason, the Plaintiff’s reliance on
the observations of Brandon LJ in _Amalgamated Investment & Property Co Ltd
(In Liquidation) v Texas Commerce International Bank Ltd_ [1982] QB 84 at
131-132 that “while a party cannot in terms found a cause of action on an
estoppel, he may, as a result of being able to rely on an estoppel, succeed on
a cause of action on which, without being able to rely on that estoppel, he
would necessarily have failed” is also misplaced.

49 The Defendant asserted that the Plaintiff was in essence relying on
estoppel as a cause of action because the facts giving rise to the cause of
action did not exist independently of the estoppel.[note: 72] This was not
permissible under Singapore law as well as English law, following _Baird_
([45] _supra_) and _Haden Young Limited v Laing O’Rourke Midlands Limited_
[2008] EWHC 1016 (TCC).

50 Singapore courts have not yet accepted the view that an estoppel can be
utilised as a cause of action. The Court of Appeal in _Sea-Land Service Inc v
Cheong Fook Chee Vincent_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 250 stated at [23] that “[i]t is
trite law that promissory estoppel can only be used as a shield and not as a
sword to enforce any rights”. In the case of _OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad
Sdn Bhd_ [2012] 4 SLR 201 (“ _OMG Holdings_ ”), I also found that the
plaintiff in that case could not establish goodwill by virtue of the doctrine
of estoppel by convention, as “[e]stoppel cannot be used as a free-standing
element to create a cause of action” (at [72]). Counsel for the Plaintiff
highlighted that in _OMG Holdings_ , authorities such as _Waltons Stores_ had
not been brought to my attention and thus urged me to reconsider my position
in _OMG Holdings_.

51 _Waltons Stores_ was considered by Steven Chong J in _OCBC Capital
Investment Asia Ltd v Wong Hua Choon_ [2012] 2 SLR 311, who distinguished the
case on the facts and thus found it unnecessary to decide whether estoppel by
convention could be used as a “sword”. On appeal, the Court of Appeal, having
disposed of the case on contractual grounds, similarly declined to decide on
the parties’ arguments in relation to the doctrine of promissory estoppel,
stating (_OCBC Capital_ ([23] _supra_) at [65]):

… a number of potentially thorny legal issues were raised in relation to the
operation of this doctrine [of promissory estoppel] in the Singapore context –
all of which will need to be addressed by this court when they arise directly
for decision in a future case. …

This echoes the observations by the Court of Appeal in _Tee Soon Kay v
Attorney-General_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 133 that whether the doctrine of promissory
estoppel could be used as a cause of action in itself was “an issue that is
still shrouded in some controversy” (at [114]) and in _Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze
Ti Terence Peter and another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 that “the doctrine of
promissory estoppel still contains pockets of controversy” such as “whether it
can be used as a ‘sword’” (at [115]).

52 It is clear from these authorities that whether the Australian position in
_Waltons Stores_ should be followed in Singapore is still very much an
unresolved issue. I am thus reluctant to express a final view on the parties’
arguments on this issue, especially those of the Plaintiff. I will, however,
state that I found the concern raised by the Defendant to be a very real one,
_viz_ , that if the Plaintiff were allowed to succeed on its alternative
argument based on estoppel, this would lead to a nonsensical result whereby
the same facts that were insufficient to give rise to a binding contract could
be used to found an estoppel giving rise to a binding contract.[note: 73] The
concern raised by this case is thus that if the doctrine of estoppel is
extended to confer new rights in the absence of a pre-existing legal
relationship, this might become a way for parties to subvert the established
rules of contract formation.

Conclusion

53 For the reasons above, I find that there is no binding contract between the
parties for the sale and purchase of BA-63 coal. Accordingly, the plaintiff’s
claim is dismissed. I will hear the parties on costs, including the costs
reserved in SUM 1927.

ANNEXURE: CHRONOLOGY OF EVENTS

S/No |  Date |  Event  
---|---|---  
1 |  End May 2011 |  CoalTrans Meetings in Bali, Indonesia.  
2 |  1 June 2011, 1.05pm |  FCO sent by the Defendant to the Plaintiff.   
3 |  1 June 2011 |  Alleged telephone conversation between Jeffrey and Wee Teck confirming purchase of the Cargo.  
4 |  1 June 2011, 5.01pm |  Plaintiff’s 1 June 2011 Response E-mail.  
5 |  2 June 2011 |  Defendant’s 2 June 2011 E-mail thanking the Plaintiff for the confirmation.  
6 |  6 June 2011 |  Alleged telephone conversation between Satish and Ben about the Plaintiff taking steps to sub-sell the Cargo.  
7 |  7 June 2011, 2.38pm |  Draft contract sent by the Defendant to the Plaintiff.  
8 |  7 June 2011. 3.17pm and 4.29pm |  Reply e-mails from Satish and Jeffrey requesting for rejection levels and a change in load port surveyor.  
9 |  14 June 2011 |  Alleged telephone conversations between the parties’ representatives regarding quality issues.  
10 |  15 June 2011 |  Draft contract with the Plaintiff’s comments sent to Defendant.  
11 |  Second half of June 2011 |  Alleged telephone conversation between Ben and Satish ending negotiations.  
12 |  30 June 2011 |  Plaintiff’s chaser e-mail to the Defendant requesting for the signed contract.  
13 |  1 July 2011; 11.10am |  Plaintiff’s second chaser e-mail.  
14 |  1 July 2011; 11.55am |  Defendant’s reply e-mail regarding possible quality issues.  
15 |  5 July 2011 |  Plaintiff’s e-mail asking the Defendant to perform its contractual obligations.  
16 |  13 July 2011 |  Defendant’s reply e-mail denying the existence of a binding legal contract.  
17 |  1 February 2012  |  Letter of Demand.  
  
  

* * *

[note: 1]Ben’s AEIC dated 18 Mar 2013 at [1]; Transcript dated 12 Apr 2013 at
p 7.

[note: 2]Transcript dated 12 Apr 2013 at p 21.

[note: 3]Transcript dated 11 Apr 2013 at p 63; Transcript dated 12 Apr 2013 at
p 22.

[note: 4]Transcript dated 11 Apr 2013 at p 69; Transcript dated 12 Apr 2013 at
pp 68-69; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [136].

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [148]; Transcript dated 12 Apr
2013 at p 67.

[note: 6]AB 34-35.

[note: 7]AB 1-2.

[note: 8]AB 3, 60.

[note: 9]AB 60.

[note: 10]AB 59.

[note: 11]Jeffrey’s AEIC dated 15 Mar 2013 at [31]-[32]; BP 77-78 (Statement
of Claim (Amendment No 1) at [7]).

[note: 12]Satish’s AEIC dated 18 Mar 2013 at [32]; BP 78 (Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 1) at [8]).

[note: 13]AB 5, 32, 86.

[note: 14]AB 85.

[note: 15]AB 4-5.

[note: 16]AB 31.

[note: 17]AB 64.

[note: 18]AB 63-64.

[note: 19]AB 63.

[note: 20]Defendant’s Opening Statement dated 2 Apr 2013 at [19]; Ben’s AEIC
dated 18 Mar 2013 at [39].

[note: 21]BP 94 Defence at [12(n)]; Ben’s AEIC dated 18 Mar 2013 at [44].

[note: 22]Satish’s AEIC dated 18 Mar 2013 at [44]-[45]; Transcript dated 11
Apr 2013 at pp 91-92.

[note: 23]AB 68.

[note: 24]AB 69.

[note: 25]AB 70-72.

[note: 26]Affidavit of Melissa Marie Tan Shu Ling dated 10 Apr 2013 at
[4]-[5].

[note: 27]BP 106.

[note: 28]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [46].

[note: 29]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [55], [127].

[note: 30]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [110], [178].

[note: 31]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [129], [135].

[note: 32]Transcript dated 12 Apr 2013 at p 21 line 17, p 22 line 5.

[note: 33]Transcript dated 12 Apr 2013 at p 25 line 16.

[note: 34]AB 35.

[note: 35]AB 2.

[note: 36]Transcript dated 12 Apr 2013 at p 24 line 25, p 27 line 16, p 28
line 7.

[note: 37]See Transcript dated 12 Apr 2013 at p 50; Plaintiff’s Closing
Submissions at [97], [99], [122].

[note: 38]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [23], [32].

[note: 39]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [91].

[note: 40]Plaintiff’s Submissions at [134].

[note: 41]Transcript dated 11 Apr 2013 at p 67; Transcript dated 11 Apr 2013
at p 24.

[note: 42]AB 85.

[note: 43]AB 29.

[note: 44]Transcript dated 11 Apr 2013 at pp 62-63.

[note: 45]Transcript dated 11 Apr 2013 at p 107; Transcript dated 12 Apr 2013
at p 40.

[note: 46]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [94]-[104].

[note: 47]See Transcript dated 11 Apr 2013 at p 38.

[note: 48]AB 60.

[note: 49]AB 7, 34.

[note: 50]AB 64.

[note: 51]Transcript dated 12 Apr 2013 at p 70 line 10.

[note: 52]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [137].

[note: 53]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [138].

[note: 54]Transcript dated 12 Apr 2013 at p 79 line 22-25.

[note: 55]Transcript dated 11 Apr 2013 at pp 97-98.

[note: 56]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [14], [135], [139].

[note: 57]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [135].

[note: 58]Defendant’s Closing Submissions at [132].

[note: 59]Ben’s AEIC dated 18 Mar 2013 at [12]; Transcript dated 12 Apr 2013
at pp 80, 83.

[note: 60]AB 3.

[note: 61]AB 28.

[note: 62]AB 40-41.

[note: 63]AB 71.

[note: 64]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [140].

[note: 65]Satish’s AEIC dated 18 Mar 2013 at [20]; Transcript dated 11 Apr
2013 at p 61.

[note: 66]Transcript dated 11 Apr 2013 at p 102–106; BP 60 (Reply (Amendment
No 1) at [6]).

[note: 67]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [141].

[note: 68]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [160].

[note: 69]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [161], [164].

[note: 70]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [162].

[note: 71]Plaintiff’s Further Submissions dated 22 Aug 2012 at [15].

[note: 72]Defendant’s Further Submissions dated 22 Aug 2012 at [14].

[note: 73]Defendant’s Further Submissions dated 22 Aug 2013 at [18].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Sep 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

