Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Wong Yew Foo  
[2013] SGHC 129

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 310 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mark Tay and Yvonne Poon (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for
the Appellant; Raj Singh Shergill (Lee Shergill LLP) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Wong Yew Foo  
  
10 July 2013|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

1 This was an appeal by the Prosecution against the sentences meted out on the
accused (“the Respondent”) by the District Judge (“DJ”) in respect of two
charges — 1 charge under s 304A(b) Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”)
and 1 charge under s 67(1)(b) Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RTA”).

2 At the conclusion of the appeal, I allowed the Prosecution’s appeal. I now
set out my reasons.

The Background

3 According to the Statement of Facts (“SOF”), on 4 April 2012, at about
7.00pm, the Respondent drove his motor car to Lorong 15 Geylang to meet up
with three of his friends at a coffee shop for dinner and drinks. They ordered
a total of 6 bottles of beer, of which the Respondent consumed 2 bottles. At
about 8.45pm, the Respondent left the coffee shop and drove his motor car to
send a friend home before heading home himself.

4 At about 9.29pm, the Respondent was driving along Lower Delta Road after
dropping his friend off. The Respondent entered a slip road leading to Jalan
Bukit Merah. Without stopping his motor car at the give way line, the
Respondent proceeded to exit the slip road and turn left into Jalan Bukit
Merah in the direction of Queensway.

5 In doing so, however, the Respondent failed to keep a proper lookout and
thus did not see one Sin San Wah (“the deceased”) cycling along the extreme
left lane of Jalan Bukit Merah. The front right of the Respondent’s motor car
thus collided with the deceased’s bicycle. Upon impact, the deceased was run
over by the motor car and was pinned under it. The deceased suffered multiple
injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene by a paramedic at 9.55pm.

6 At the time of the accident, the weather was fine, road surface was dry and
the visibility was fair. The traffic flow along Jalan Bukit Merah towards the
direction of Queensway was light.

7 The police officers who arrived at the scene to investigate the collision
observed that the Respondent smelled strongly of alcohol. The Respondent was
then placed under arrest and escorted to Traffic Police Headquarters for
investigations. At about 11.45 pm, a Breath Evidential Analyser test which was
conducted revealed that the proportion of alcohol in the Respondent’s breath
was 42 microgrammes of alcohol in every 100 millilitres of breath. This
exceeded the prescribed limit by 7 microgrammes.

The Charges

8 The Respondent pleaded guilty before the district judge, admitted to the
facts in the SOF and was convicted on two charges:

MAC 7965-2012:

You, Wong Yew Foo … are charged that you, on the 4th day of April 2012, at
about 9.29pm, along Jalan Bukit Merah towards the direction of Queensway near
lamp post 74 A, Singapore, being the driver of a motor car bearing
registration number SGS 2868 S, did cause the death of a pedal cyclist, Sin
San Wah (m/67), by doing a negligent act not amounting to culpable homicide,
to wit by failing to keep a proper look out for the said pedal cyclist while
entering Jalan Bukit Merah from the slip road of Lower Delta Road resulting in
a collision between your motor car and the deceased’s bicycle which was
travelling along Jalan Bukit Merah in the direction of Queensway, hence
causing his death, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
section 304A(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

And MAC 7966-2012:

You, Wong Yew Foo … are charged that you, on the 4th day of April 2012, at
about 9.29pm, along Jalan Bukit Merah towards the direction of Queensway near
lamp post 74A, Singapore, when driving motor car bearing registration number
SGS 2868 S, did have so much alcohol in your body that the proportion of it in
your breath exceeds the prescribed limit of 35 microgrammes of alcohol in 100
[millilitres] of breath, to wit, not less than 42 microgrammes of alcohol in
100 [millilitres] of breath, and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under section 67(1)(b) of the Road Traffic Act, Chapter 276.

The Decision Below

9 The DJ sentenced the Respondent to the following:

(a) For MAC 7965-2012 under s 304A(b) PC: a fine of $10,000 (in default 2
months’ imprisonment) and disqualification from driving all classes of
vehicles for a period of 4 years with effect from the date of conviction;

(b) For MAC 7966-2012 under s 67(1)(b) RTA: a fine of $2500 (in default 2
weeks’ imprisonment) and disqualification from driving all classes of vehicles
for a period of 2 years with effect from the date of conviction.

The total sentence was hence a fine of $12,500 and disqualification from
driving all classes of vehicles for a period of 4 years with effect from the
date of conviction. At the time of the appeal, the fine had already been paid.

10 It was noted from the outset that the DJ incorrectly concluded that
Prosecution was appealing only against the sentence imposed for the s 304A(b)
PC charge and not the s 67(1)(b) RTA charge. Therefore, the key thrust of her
grounds of decision (“GD”) centred on the sentencing considerations in
relation to the former. They were as follows:

(a) The proper punishment for causing death by a negligent act is the
imposition of a fine unless aggravating factors render it a “most unusual
case” to warrant a custodial sentence. A “most unusual case” is one where the
level of negligence is towards the higher end of the objective range of
seriousness and bordering on recklessness.

(b) The Court could not reject the Respondent’s claim that he had taken some
care, albeit insufficient, before executing the turn from the slip road. The
Prosecution did not object to the Respondent’s mitigation that he had indeed
slowed down to check for the oncoming traffic. Further, the Respondent’s view
might have been compromised by the big tree at the scene and the shadows that
it cast at the said location.

(c) The Respondent’s negligence fell short of the level of negligence
demonstrated by the accused persons in previous s 304A(b) PC cases where
custodial terms had been imposed. Those cases were more serious in nature as
the accused persons took the risk when they did not have a complete view of
the path that they were taking or failed to notice a pedestrian or cyclist who
was directly ahead of them for a period of time.

(d) Moreover, the facts of the present case were not more serious than in
cases where fines had been imposed even though the accused persons in those
cases had deliberately and intentionally chosen to act in a certain way which
resulted in an accident.

(e) In determining whether the Respondent’s drink driving seriously aggravated
the act of negligence in this case, other factors like the amount of alcohol
consumed by the Respondent as well as whether his state of intoxication had
contributed to the cause of the collision would have to be taken into account.
As regards the former, she noted that the alcohol level in this case was lower
than the precedents cited by the Prosecution. As regards the latter, there was
no direct evidence to support a conclusion that his state of intoxication was
a causal factor in that it had caused or had contributed to his failure to
keep a proper look out.

(f) The Respondent was a first time offender and his early plea of guilt was
indicative of his remorse.

11 In the light of the above, the DJ was of the view that the negligence of
the Respondent was not of such an aggravated degree as to warrant a custodial
sentence.

Principles governing appellate intervention

12 It bears emphasising from the outset that it is settled law that an
appellate court only has a limited scope to intervene when reappraising
sentences imposed by a court at first instance: see _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd
v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 (“ _Angliss_ ”) at [13]; affirmed by
the Court of Appeal in _Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed
Mallik_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 at [81].

13 In _Public Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 684 (“ _Kwong Kok
Hing_ ”) at [14], it was held that an appellate court would interfere with the
sentence imposed if it was satisfied that:

(a) the trial judge had made the wrong decision as to the proper factual basis
for sentence;

(b) there had been an error on the part of the trial judge in appreciating the
material placed before him;

(c) the sentence was wrong in principle; or

(d) the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate.

The threshold for determining whether a sentence is manifestly inadequate or
excessive is whether it “requires substantial alterations rather than minute
corrections to remedy the injustice”: see _Public Prosecutor v UI_ [2008] 4
SLR(R) 500 at [13].

The Prosecution’s case

14 In respect of the s 304A(b) PC charge, the Prosecution submitted that
having regard to all the facts and circumstances of the case, the custodial
threshold had been crossed. It argued that:

(a) The DJ failed to give sufficient weight to the aggravating factor of the
Respondent being intoxicated above the prescribed legal limit when he caused
the deceased’s death.

(b) The DJ failed to identify the Respondent’s degree of negligence as being
high, and in particular erred in failing to appreciate the material before her
by:

(i) failing to give adequate consideration to the Respondent’s act of
filtering onto Jalan Bukit Merah without first making a proper check of the
oncoming traffic;

(ii) failing to give adequate consideration to the Respondent’s failure to
stop his motor car at the slip road and give way to the deceased who had the
right of way;

(iii) failing to give adequate consideration to the fact that there were no
vehicles ahead of the Respondent and his view was unobstructed;

(iv) accepting the Respondent’s claims that his view was compromised by the
shadows cast from a big tree when the photographs showed it was not possible
for the tree to cast shadows on the road;

(v) construing that the Respondent had failed to notice the deceased due to a
“momentary lapse in concentration”;

(vi) finding that there was no evidence that the Respondent had driven with
reckless disregard for the safety of other road users; and

(vii) assessing that there was no causal relationship between the Respondent’s
intoxication and his failure to keep a proper look-out.

(c) The DJ placed undue weight on the purported mitigating factors in the
case, in particular the Respondent’s assertion that he had checked for both
oncoming traffic and there was a blind spot.

(d) The DJ also gave undue weight to sentencing precedents which could be
distinguished, for instance, sentencing precedents for the s 304A(b) PC charge
in which the accused persons were not intoxicated beyond the prescribed legal
limit.

15 In respect of the s 67(1)(b) RTA charge, the Prosecution argued that the DJ
failed to:

(a) give sufficient weight to the aggravating factor of the Respondent causing
the death of the deceased due to his drink-driving;

(b) appreciate the material before her in assessing the Respondent’s
culpability; and

(c) give adequate consideration to the sentencing precedents where
imprisonment was imposed when death was caused by the Respondent’s drink-
driving.

It submitted that having regard to all the facts and circumstances of the
case, a custodial sentence should also have been imposed for the s 67(1)(b)
RTA charge.

16 Further in respect of both charges, the Prosecution argued that the DJ
failed to:

(a) sufficiently consider the principles of deterrence and protection
involving such offences; and

(b) give adequate consideration to the sentencing precedents for the length of
disqualification normally imposed in cases under s 304A(b) PC and s 67(1)(b)
RTA.

17 The Prosecution thus urged me to substitute the fine imposed in respect of
the s 304A(b) PC charge with a sentence of 6 months’ imprisonment and to
enhance the period of disqualification to 8 years. In respect of the s
67(1)(b) RTA charge, the Prosecution submitted that a custodial sentence and
disqualification period commensurate with the gravity of the Respondent’s
wrongdoing be imposed.

The Respondent’s case

18 The Respondent contended that the DJ was correct in finding that the degree
of intoxication in this case was marginal and did not play any significant
causative role in his momentary lapse of judgment. In addition to the low
breath alcohol level, his ability to stop almost immediately upon impact
indicated that the Respondent was not so intoxicated as to lose control of his
vehicle.

19 Moreover, in view of the mitigating factors, the Respondent argued that the
DJ was correct in finding that the degree of negligence displayed in the
circumstances on that night in question was not unusual or sufficiently severe
to merit a custodial sentence. Factors looked at would include the fact that:

(a) the Respondent was travelling at a relatively slow speed;

(b) the road was dimly lit;

(c) shadows cast by trees might have obstructed the Respondent’s view;

(d) the deceased was dressed in dark clothing; and

(e) the deceased’s bicycle was poorly lit and lacked reflectors.

20 The Respondent thus submitted that the sentence was not delivered against
the weight of evidence nor was it manifestly inadequate in view of the
sentencing precedents and circumstances.

My decision

21 Where the accused faces a number of separate charges, the correct approach
to determine the appropriate sentence to be imposed is to first determine the
sentences for the individual offences before deciding whether the overall
sentence is globally fair in view of the totality of the criminal behaviour by
selecting the appropriate sentences to run consecutively or concurrently and
if need be, by appropriately adjusting the individual sentences, in order to
achieve the overall objective of a globally fair sentence: see _Public
Prosecutor v Syamsul Hilal bin Ismail_ [2012] 1 SLR 973. With this in mind, I
turn to the appeal proper.

Section 304A(b) PC

The 2008 amendments to the Penal Code

22 Section 304A PC reads:

**Causing death by rash or negligent act**

**304A.** Whoever causes the death of any person by doing any rash or
negligent act not amounting to culpable homicide, shall be punished —

(a)in the case of a rash act, with imprisonment for a term which may extend to
5 years, or with fine, or with both; or

(b) _in the case of a negligent act, with imprisonment for a term which may
extend to 2 years, or with fine, or with both._ [emphasis added]

23 As mentioned above at [10(a)], the DJ found that the proper starting point
as regards sentencing for this offence is the imposition of a fine unless
aggravating factors render it a “most unusual case” rising to the level of
culpability as that of a reckless and rash act to warrant a custodial
sentence. This sentencing principle was set out in _Public Prosecutor v Gan
Lim Soon_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 67 (“ _Gan Lim Soon_ ”) at [10] (and applied in
_Mohamad Iskandar bin Basri v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 440):

Under s 304A, the act can be due to either rashness or negligence. If death
has been caused by a rash act the proper punishment would be imprisonment for
a term not exceeding two years. _If death has been caused instead by a
negligent act, it would be sufficient in most cases to inflict a fine on the
accused._ [emphasis added]

The dictum in _Gan Lim Soon_ thus appears to evince a sentencing dichotomy
between the offences of causing death by rashness and causing death by
negligence.

24 The Prosecution queried if the sentencing norm set out in _Gan Lim Soon_
still applies. In this regard, they pointed out that the present form of s
304A PC came in the wake of the 2008 amendments to the Penal Code. Pre-2008
amendments, s 304A PC read as follows:

**Causing death by rash or negligent act**

**304A.** Whoever causes the death of any person by doing any rash or
negligent act not amounting to culpable homicide, shall be punished with
imprisonment for a term which may extend to 2 years, or with fine, or with
both.

The Prosecution contended that in the light of the pre-2008 amendment
provision, there was a need for the court to differentiate between the
culpability of an offender who was negligent versus one who was rash when
sentencing. This was the basis of the sentencing dichotomy in _Gan Lim Soon_.

25 However, in the wake of the 2008 amendments, s 304A PC has been clearly
bifurcated into rashness and negligence limbs with each limb attracting a
different statutorily prescribed maximum sentence. The rationale for the
sentencing dichotomy expounded in _Gan Lim Soon_ has thus been considerably
weakened.

26 Also significant was the increase of the prescribed statutory maximum
sentence for the rashness limb (_ie_ s 304A (a) PC) to five years whilst the
statutory maximum sentence prescribed for the negligence limb is now two
years. It bears reiterating that the court must take the statutory maximum
sentence into account when determining the sentence to be imposed. As was
emphasised by the Court of Appeal in _Kwong Kok Hing_ at [44], citing
_Angliss_ :

… when Parliament sets a statutory maximum, it signals the gravity with which
the public, through Parliament, views that particular offence … Therefore, it
stands to reason that the sentencing judges must take note of the maximum
penalty and then apply their minds to determine precisely where the offender’s
conduct falls within the spectrum of punishment devised by Parliament.

27 Therefore, I agreed with the Prosecution’s contention that it is highly
questionable if the starting point as regards sentencing for the s 304A(b)
offence remains a fine and that only a “most unusual case” would warrant the
imposition of a custodial sentence. That said, it is clear that the sentence
to be imposed will depend on the nature and extent of the culpability — the
more serious the negligence, the more justification there is for the
imposition of a custodial sentence: see _Public Prosecutor v Lee Kao Chong
Sylvester_ [2012] SGHC 96 (“ _Lee Kao Chong_ Sylvester”) at [18].

Drink driving as an aggravating factor

28 The Prosecution’s key contention was that the DJ failed to place sufficient
weight on the Respondent’s drink driving as a serious aggravating factor
warranting the imposition of a custodial sentence for the s 304A(b) PC
offence.

29 The DJ’s decision was premised on the dictum in _Gan Lim Soon_ that an
offence under the negligence limb would only attract a fine unless it was a
“most unusual case” rising to a similar level of culpability as that of a
reckless or rash act. However, as explained in the section above, the
applicability of this dictum is questionable in the light of the 2008
amendments to the Penal Code. Instead, I found that the preferable approach is
to determine the seriousness of the Respondent’s negligence against the
standard of care that a prudent and reasonable man would exercise: see _Public
Prosecutor v Teo Poh Leng_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 541.

30 In coming to her decision that this case did not warrant the imposition of
a custodial sentence, the DJ placed some emphasis on her finding that there
was no evidence or statement in the SOF that the alcohol had contributed
causally to the Respondent’s negligence in failing to keep a proper lookout.
She thus took the view that the Respondent’s intoxicated state could not on
its own raise the objective seriousness of the s 304A(b) PC negligence.

31 On appeal, the Prosecution submitted that the presence of alcohol in the
body was always a factor affecting an individual’s perception, reaction and
reflexes. It cited an excerpt from the 1985 Parliamentary Debates on the Road
Traffic Act where impairment of driving skill was observed at levels as low as
30 to 50 milligrammes of alcohol per 100 millilitres of blood (approximately
13 to 21.7 microgrammes per 100 millilitres of breath) and a rapid
deterioration of driving skill thereafter. I found the Prosecution’s
submissions on this point in relation to causation highly persuasive.

32 More critically, I was of the view that this was not a case where a
momentary lapse of concentration arising from human frailty resulted in the
unfortunate loss of life. On the contrary, not only did the Respondent fail to
maintain a proper lookout and to give way to the deceased cyclist who had the
right of way, he also made a _conscious_ decision to drink and drive. The
lattermost act was one of complete selfish disregard for the safety of other
fellow road users since the Respondent could not have been ignorant of the
risk that his judgment and driving skills might be impaired as a result of his
inebriation. Taken as a whole, it was clear that the Respondent’s conduct fell
_egregiously_ below the standard of what a prudent and reasonable man would
do. I am even prepared to go so far to hold that by choosing to drive a car
(and it was not a case that he chose to ride a bicycle) after having consumed
two whole bottles of beer that had sent his level of alcohol in his body
beyond the prescribed legal limit, and knowing full well (a) the very serious
consequences that might follow due to any impairment of his driving skill and
any slowdown in his perception, reaction and reflexes as a result of being in
a relatively high state of inebriation; and (b) that a car could cause death
to others in a serious accident, the Respondent could also be said to have
acted with culpable rashness when he consciously took the risk to drive a car
whilst in that state of inebriation. It is of course the Prosecution’s
prerogative to prefer a lower charge under s 304A(b) instead of s 304A(a) PC.
I was thus satisfied that the Respondent’s culpability for the offence here
was of such seriousness that the custodial threshold had been breached.

33 In determining the gravity of the offence and hence the sentence for the
Respondent, the level of alcohol and the degree of loss of control of the
vehicle are highly relevant factors. In this regard, I found that the DJ was
correct in distinguishing the present case from cases like _Public Prosecutor
v Zaw Myint Tun_ (unreported, DAC 16003/2006) and _Public Prosecutor v Tan
Siam Poo_ (unreported, DAC 25841/2009) where the levels of alcohol were
significantly higher and the accused persons were so inebriated that they
completely lost control of their vehicles. Nonetheless, the absence of these
further aggravating factors (_ie_ of an extremely high level of alcohol and a
complete loss of control) would not detract from the seriousness of the
Respondent’s conduct, which on the facts of this case would in my view still
attract a custodial sentence.

Mitigation

34 The Prosecution raised several contentions in relation to the facts the
Respondent had relied on and which the DJ had considered as mitigating the
offence. First, it contended that the DJ had erred in accepting the
Respondent’s claim that his view of the road had been compromised, in
particular, by the shadows cast by a big tree at the scene. The Prosecution
pointed out that No 5 of a series of photographs taken of the scene
immediately after the accident showed that that the canopy and branches of the
tree in question rose well above the street lamp and thus could not have cast
shadows as alleged by the Respondent.

35 I agreed with the Prosecution and further observed from the photos that
besides the presence of railings, through which the Respondent could have
looked, there was no dense shrubbery which could have obscured the
Respondent’s view of the main road. In any case, both the tree and railings
were located some distance before the give way line. Hence, I found that the
DJ had erred in accepting the Respondent’s claim that his view of the main
road (when his car was at the give way line) had been compromised.

36 Pertinently, paragraph 72 of the Highway Code places the onus of checking
for oncoming traffic squarely on the driver of the motor vehicle on the minor
road. Had the Respondent’s view of the main road indeed been obstructed by the
tree trunk or compromised as alleged, it was all the more incumbent on him to
exercise extra prudence when checking for oncoming traffic — for instance, by
bringing his vehicle to a complete stop at the give way line and checking for
oncoming traffic before slowly easing out and exiting the slip road, instead
of taking the risk and making a dangerous assumption that there would be no
on-coming cyclist or vehicle hidden by the obstruction or the blind spot
coming his way. This would be akin to the dangerous act of overtaking at a
sharp bend when the driver’s view of on-coming traffic on the opposite side is
obstructed. In this regard, the High Court in _Lee Kao Chong Sylvester_ deemed
the accused’s negligent act of deliberately reversing a car at high speed for
an extensive distance when he could not completely see the path of his
reversing vehicle “a dangerous act or recklessness” (at [19]).

37 The Prosecution also contended that the DJ had given undue importance to
the Respondent’s assertion that he had slowed down in order to check for
oncoming traffic and his blind spot. Counsel for the Respondent submitted
below and before me that the Respondent was able to stop his car immediately
upon feeling the impact of the collision. He contended that this was
consistent with the Respondent’s account of slowing down before exiting the
slip road.

38 Several facts contradicted the Respondent’s account. According to the SOF,
the deceased had been travelling along the left-most lane when the collision
occurred. However, the colour photos taken of the accident scene and the
sketch map indicated that the Respondent’s motor vehicle did not come to a
standstill until squarely at the middle of the centre-most lane. The deceased
and his bicycle were dragged the distance of approximately a full car length.
Had the Respondent been travelling at a slow speed and stopped as soon as he
felt the impact, one would have expected the car to come to a complete halt
earlier. Counsel for the Respondent was unable to offer a satisfactory
explanation for this incongruity. I was thus inclined to agree with the
Prosecution that the DJ had placed too much weight on the Respondent’s
assertion that he had slowed down and that he had checked for oncoming traffic
and his blind spot.

39 Even though the cyclist was dressed in dark clothing and his bicycle was
not well lit, which might have made it more difficult to spot the deceased on
the road at night, this would be more than off-set by the presence of front
and side reflectors on the bicycle which were in serviceable condition as
stated in the Accident Damaged Vehicle Inspection Report. I was not persuaded
that the manner the deceased had dressed, the absence of a bicycle light, the
Respondent’s lack of antecedents and his early plea of guilt would
sufficiently mitigate in favour of a non-custodial sentence in respect of the
s 304A(b) PC offence.

Section 67(1)(b) RTA

40 For reasons mentioned above at [10], this part of the appeal had to proceed
without the benefit of the DJ’s full grounds of decision for the s 67(1)(b)
RTA charge.

Aggravating factors

41 The Prosecution’s primary contention was that the DJ failed to give
sufficient weight to the aggravating factor of death having been caused. In
_Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ (Lexis Nexis, 2nd Edition,
2003) at pp 938-939, it was observed that although a fine is the norm for a
first offender, this would not be the case if there were aggravating
circumstances like involvement in an accident resulting in personal injuries.
It was further noted that “[i]n cases where death was caused, a term of
imprisonment appears to be inevitable”. Support for this proposition can be
found in cases like _Public Prosecutor v Lim Eng Kiang_ (MA 48/92/01-02,
unreported) (“ _Lim Eng Kiang_ ”) and _Public Prosecutor v Teo Seng Hock_ (MA
273/95/01, unreported) (“ _Teo Seng Hock_ ”) where the fines originally
imposed on the offenders were substituted with custodial sentences on appeal.

42 The length of the custodial sentence would in turn depend on the
aggravating and mitigating circumstances of each case, in particular on the
quality of the driving and the amount by which the offender was over the
limit. In _Public Prosecutor v Lee Meng Soon_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 240 (“ _Lee Meng
Soon_ ”), Lee Seiu Kin J held at [22] and [29] that the principal aggravating
factors were the level of alcohol and degree of control over the vehicle. As
regards the latter factor, Chao Hick Tin JA observed in _Lim Kay Han Irene v
Public Prosecutor_ [2010] 3 SLR 240 (“ _Lim Kay Han Irene_ ”) that the mere
commission of an offence under s 67(1)(b) RTA would not give rise to the
presumption that the driver was also incapable of controlling the vehicle.
Although involvement in an accident could be indicative of poor control of the
vehicle, much would also depend on the circumstances of the accident: see _Lee
Meng Soon_ at [27]-[28].

43 In this regard, I observed that the breath alcohol level of the Respondent
had exceeded the prescribed limit of 35 microgrammes of alcohol in 100
millilitres of breath, albeit by 20%, and that there was no other objective
evidence indicating that the Respondent might have lost some degree of control
of his vehicle apart from the fact of the accident and the vehicle stopping
about a car length after the collision. However, it should be emphasised that
the absence of other evidence indicating that he had lost control of his
vehicle would not sufficiently mitigate the seriousness of the offence on the
facts of his case when he failed to give way, caused the cyclist’s death and
his breath alcohol level at the time of causing the fatal accident had
exceeded the prescribed limit.

Culpability of the offender

44 In _Lim Kay Han Irene_ , the High Court observed that the sentence meted
out to the offender must be calibrated according to the degree to which the
offender was culpable for the offence. As Chao JA stated at [29]:

… Deliberate, purposeful and calculated harm-causing must be differentiated
from unintended or incidental peccadilloes. In assessing the degree of
culpability of an offender, the court must take into account, all the
circumstances, including the reason why the person drove on that occasion and
only when this is done would the sentence meted out be fair and proportionate.

Such an analysis should not be undertaken from the _ex post facto_ point of
view but by stepping into the shoes of the offender (at [34]). In that case,
the court took into account the special circumstances of the case — the
offender was emotionally fragile and in a heightened state of panic, having
been woken up in the wee hours of the morning by a call from the hospital that
the medical condition of her aunt, with whom she shared an extremely close
relationship, was rapidly deteriorating. The court was of the view that in
such a context, her good judgment took leave of her and the fact that she had
consumed alcohol hours before was understandably not at the forefront of her
mind.

45 The circumstances of the present case were far removed from that of _Lim
Kay Han Irene_. According to his own mitigation plea, the Respondent was the
designated driver for the evening. Despite this, he consumed two bottles of
beer in the course of the evening. The Respondent thus knowingly placed
himself in a difficult position where he should have appreciated the possible
consequences of his actions.

46 The Respondent further pleaded in mitigation that he had genuinely believed
that he was fit to drive as he had not drunk much and allowed himself 45
minutes prior to taking the wheel. In this regard, the observations of Lee J
in _Lee Meng Soon_ at [30] are pertinent:

… Such precautions arguably reflect a lesser degree of wilful disregard for
the law. However the amount of weight to give to this factor is quite another
issue as it is far too easy for an offender to undertake precautions, but
thereafter underestimate the level of alcohol remaining in his system …

It is further noted that the precautionary period allegedly taken by the
Respondent in our present case was shorter than that in _Lee Meng Soon_. I was
thus not inclined to place much weight on it.

General deterrence

47 In _Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814, the court held
at [24] that:

General deterrence aims to educate and deter other like-minded members of the
general public by making an example of a particular offender: _Meeran bin
Mydin v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 522 at [9] (“ _Meeran bin Mydin_ ”). Premeditated
offences aside, there are many other situations where general deterrence
assumes significance and relevance. These may relate to the type and/or
circumstances of a particular offence. Some examples of the types of offences,
which warrant general deterrence are:

...

(d) Offences affecting public safety, public health, public services, public
or widely used facilities or public security...

48 By now, the opprobrium evoked by drink driving needs no repetition. As
Professor S. Jayakumar stated in the 1990 Parliamentary Debates (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (28 March 1990) vol 55 at col 960):

…we must get every driver in Singapore to note that when he is issued a
licence, it is in fact a very special privilege and it is granted on condition
that he drives in a responsible manner bearing in mind the interests of
others. And certainly no driver in Singapore who drinks can claim or should be
able to claim that he was unaware of the serious consequences of driving under
the influence of alcohol.

The strict legislation put in place for drink driving has been accompanied by
rigorous enforcement efforts by the Traffic Police and constant public
education efforts to curb drink driving. There is little doubt that a
deterrent sentence is warranted here.

Sentencing Precedents

49 Numerous sentencing precedents involving a vast array of factual matrices
were presented by the Prosecution and Respondent’s counsel. For purposes of
this appeal, I think it appropriate to highlight precedents which involve
factual matrices very similar to our own, _ie_ , the offenders were charged
with both drink driving and causing death by negligent act.

50 These sentencing precedents could further be classified into those prior to
the 2008 amendments to the PC and those after it. This classification is
significant. For the reasons given above at [23]-[27], the precedential value
of the former cases have been somewhat diminished.

51 Both _Lim Eng Kiang_ and _Teo Seng Hock_ were pre-2008 amendments cases. In
_Lim Eng Kiang_ , the offender whilst making a right turn at a junction, cut
into the path of an oncoming motorcyclist which resulted in the latter
colliding head on into the front left side of the lorry. The offender’s blood
specimen contained 132 milligrammes of ethanol per 100 millilitres of blood.
The High Court rejected the Prosecution’s appeal on the s 304A charge and
upheld the fine of $7,000 and a disqualification period of 10 years imposed
for the charge. The appeal on the drink driving charge succeeded and the court
imposed a sentence of one week’s imprisonment and a disqualification period of
10 years.

52 In _Teo Seng Hock_ , the offender failed to keep a proper lookout for
vehicles in front of him and collided with the rear of a trishaw. The offender
was also convicted of drink driving under s 67(1) and s 84(1) read with s
84(3) RTA for failing to stop and render assistance. The offender’s blood
alcohol level was 208 milligrammes of ethanol per 100 millilitres of blood.
Following the appeal, the $10,000 fine imposed for the s 304A charge was
upheld, but the fine for the offence under s 67 RTA was set aside and
substituted with a sentence of 4 weeks’ imprisonment and a disqualification
period of five years for all classes of vehicle. The disqualification period
for the offence under s 304A PC was similarly reduced to five years.

53 The Prosecution also brought to the court’s attention another pre-2008 PC
amendments case. In _Public Prosecutor v Su Hong_ (DACs 17678, 17679 and 17680
of 2007, unreported) the accused failed to keep a proper lookout when
travelling along the 2nd lane from the right of a 5-lane carriageway and
collided with the deceased who was crossing from the left to the right of the
accused. The collision had taken place more than 50 m away from the nearest
pedestrian crossing. The accused did not stop after the accident and fled the
scene. Tested three hours after the accident, the accused’s breath alcohol
level was found to contain 39 microgrammes of alcohol per 100 millilitres of
breath. There was some contributory negligence on the part of the deceased who
was also drunk. As regards the s 304A PC offence, the accused was sentenced to
3 weeks’ imprisonment and 5 years’ disqualification for all classes of
vehicle. As regards the s 67(1)(b) RTA offence, the accused was sentenced to 2
weeks’ imprisonment and 3 years’ disqualification. The accused was also
sentenced to 9 weeks’ imprisonment and 3 years’ disqualification for the s
84(1) read with s 84(7) RTA charge. Two additional charges were taken into
consideration.

54 It would appear therefore that the courts had imposed relatively short
custodial sentences, if any, in circumstances highly similar to our own.
Without the benefit of written decisions however, it was not possible to
discern the judges’ reasoning for imposing such sentences. Moreover, as had
been emphasised, it was questionable if these pre-2008 amendment cases were of
precedential value, particularly in respect of the s 304A(b) charge.

55 The Prosecution sought to bring to my attention two recent decisions:

(a) _Public Prosecutor v Mohamed Zairi Bin Ahmad_ (MAC 11783/2011, DAC
39997-39999 of 2011, unreported) — the accused failed to keep a proper lookout
for the deceased’s bicycle which was travelling in front of him. The right
view mirror and right rear portion of the accused’s motor van hit the
deceased. The accused did not stop and drove off at high speed, returning to
the scene only later when told to do so by a witness. His breath alcohol level
was 44 microgrammes per 100 millilitres of breath.

The accused was sentenced to 6 months’ imprisonment and 10 years’
disqualification for the s 304A(b) PC Charge, 2 months’ imprisonment and 5
years’ disqualification for the s 67(1)(b) RTA charge and 2 months’
imprisonment and 2 years’ disqualification for the s 84(1) charge. The last
charge was to run concurrently with the rest.

(b) _Public Prosecutor v Goh Teck Guan_ (MAC 2209 and 2210 of 2013,
unreported) — the accused was turning right at a signalised traffic junction
in his motor lorry on a green light (without the green arrow). He failed to
keep a proper lookout for the deceased who was a pedestrian crossing from the
accused’s left to right and collided into him. The accused’s alcohol level was
48 microgrammes of alcohol per 100 millilitres of breath.

This was the accused’s second conviction for drink driving. He was sentenced
to 6 months’ imprisonment and 8 years’ disqualification for the s 304A(b) PC
offence, and 4 months’ imprisonment, $3000 fine and 5 years’ disqualification
for the RTA offence. Both sentences were to run concurrently.

56 The Respondent cited the case of _Public Prosecutor v Tan Chean Wei_ [2010]
SGDC 240 (“ _Tan Chean Wei_ ”). There the accused was charged under s 304A(b)
PC and s 67(1)(a) RTA for driving under the influence of a drug, Nimetazepam.
He was driving along a 3-lane, 2-way road when he lost control of his motor
van and collided into the deceased’s bicycle. The accused was fined $6,000 and
a disqualification period of 3 years was imposed for the s 304A(b) PC offence
and a fine of $2,000 and 3 years’ disqualification was imposed for the s
67(1)(a) RTA offence.

57 The Prosecution sought to distinguish _Tan Chean Wei_ from our present
case. They pointed out that the accused in that case was under the medication
Erimin which had been _legally_ prescribed to the accused for his insomnia and
that it was not shown that the level of medication present in his system
exceeded the dosage to such a degree as to constitute abuse. Moreover, the
accused had taken the medication some _18 hours_ prior to the accident. I
accepted the Prosecution’s submissions in respect of _Tan Chean Wei_ ; the
level of culpability on the part of the Respondent clearly exceeded that of
the accused in that case in the light of his conscious decision to drink two
whole bottles of beer and then drive soon thereafter _._

58 The recent unreported precedents also evince the imposition of a custodial
sentence of more than a few weeks even in cases where the accused’s alcohol
level was low. The DJ’s imposition of fines for both the s 304A(b) PC and s
67(1)(b) RTA charges on the facts of this case were therefore manifestly
inadequate.

59 I also found that the period of disqualification of 4 years imposed in
respect of the s 304A(b) PC charge was manifestly inadequate in the light of
the above precedents. I declined however to disturb the disqualification
period imposed in respect of the s 67(1)(b) RTA charge.

Conclusion

60 For the above reasons, I allowed the Prosecution’s appeal against the
sentences for both charges and ordered the following:

(a) For the charge MAC 7965-2012 under s 304A(b) PC: the fine imposed by the
DJ to be substituted with a sentence of 4 months’ imprisonment and the
disqualification period enhanced from 4 years to 6 years.

(b) For the charge MAC 7966-2012 under s 67(1)(b) RTA: the fine imposed by the
DJ to be substituted with a sentence of 2 months’ imprisonment and the
disqualification period of 2 years to remain.

Both sentences were to run concurrently. I also ordered that the fine already
paid by the Respondent to be refunded to him.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

