Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Tan Jun Hui  
[2013] SGHC 94

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 5 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 April 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Winston Man and Sellakumaran (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Mahtani Bhagwandas (Legal Standard LLP)
for Accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Tan Jun Hui  
  
30 April 2013|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused, Tan Jun Hui, pleaded guilty to three charges of offences
committed against the complainant, a 21 year old prisons officer at the
material time. The offences took place on the same day and time, namely 3.16am
on 16 November 2010 at Choa Chu Kang Street 51. The accused was then aged 27
years and unemployed. It was not disputed that the three offences took place
in a span at about five minutes. It was also not disputed that the offences
were committed by the accused wielding a knife with a 13cm (almost six inches)
blade, and that the complainant was thus put in fear of hurt.

2 The first charge (“C1”) was for armed robbery by night in which he robbed
the complainant of two cell phones and cash of $200. The cell phones were
valued at $400 and $300 respectively. This offence is punishable under s 392
read with s 397 of the Penal Code, (Cap 224. 2008 Rev Ed) (the “Penal Code”).
The second charge (“C2”) which the accused pleaded guilty to was for an
aggravated attempt to sexually penetrate the complainant’s mouth with his
penis. This was an offence under s 376(1)(a) and punishable under s
376(4)(a)(ii) read with s 511 of the Penal Code. Lastly, the accused pleaded
guilty to a charge of rape (“C3”), an offence under s 375(1)(a) and punishable
under s 375(3)(a)(ii) of the Penal Code.

3 The complainant submitted a victim impact statement stating that she was
disturbed by the events till this day. The medical reports showed that she
suffered from a post traumatic stress disorder but after the third appointment
on 24 January 2011 at Changi General Hospital, she did not attend subsequent
appointments.

4 The prescribed punishment for C1 is an imprisonment of not less than three
years and not more than 14 years and with caning of not less than 12 strokes.
The prescribed punishment for C2 is imprisonment for eight years and not more
than twenty years with not less than 12 strokes of the cane. However, as this
was a charge for an attempt, under s 511 of the Penal Code, the longest term
of imprisonment may not be more than half that of the longest term prescribed.
Hence, the longest term of imprisonment for this charge may not exceed ten
years with a minimum of eight years as prescribed under s 376(4)(a)(ii). The
prescribed punishment for C3 is imprisonment for a term not less than eight
years and not more than 20 years with not less than 12 strokes of the cane.

5 The offence of aggravated sexual assault covers a range of conduct,
including oral sex without consent and in this case, the facts showed that the
act was attempted but not performed. I also note Mr Mahtani’s plea in
mitigation on behalf of the accused that the offence took place in under five
minutes. I am of the view that short duration in either robbery or sexual
offences hardly make for mitigation but on the other hand, if the victim was
put to the stress of a long and traumatic experience the sentence would be
heavier. Mr Mahtani submitted that the amount involved in the robbery charge
was only $900. While that can be taken into consideration, it would have been
more relevant if the accused had made restitution. C1 in the present case
would merit about four to six years imprisonment. Taking the case in entirety,
I decided to grant him the leniency of the lower term of four years
imprisonment for that charge. On the facts and circumstances of this case, I
am of the view that the totality of the prison sentences should be within the
range of 13 to 15 years. There would also be the mandatory sentences of
caning, subject to the maximum of 24 strokes.

6 I therefore sentence the accused in respect of the charge marked C1 to four
years imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane; in respect of the offence in
charge marked C2 to a term of imprisonment of ten years and 12 strokes of the
cane; and in respect of the charge marked C3 to a term of imprisonment of ten
years and 12 strokes of the cane. The terms of imprisonment under C2 and C3
shall run concurrently with effect from 28 November 2010, and to run
consecutively from the term of imprisonment under C1.

7 The total terms of imprisonment is therefore 14 years with effect from 28
November 2010 and the total number of strokes of the cane shall be 24.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Apr 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

