Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ong Han Ling _v_ Low Ai Ming Sally (Tito Isaac & Co LLP, garnishee)  
[2013] SGHC 27

Case Number| :| Suit No 179 of 2010/Q (Summons No 4491 of 2012/F)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 January 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  K Anparasan and Haresh Kamdar (KhattarWong LLP) for the
plaintiff; Defendant not present; Anthony Soh and Lee Xian Cong (Engelin Teh
Practice LLC) for the plaintiff in Suit No 388 of 2012.  
Parties| :|  Ong Han Ling — Low Ai Ming Sally (Tito Isaac & Co LLP, garnishee)  
  
29 January 2013|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J :

Introduction

1 Ong Han Ling (“Ong”) was a client of Low Ai Ming Sally (“Low”) who was an
insurance agent. Ong commenced this action (“the Ong action”) against Low for
fraudulent misrepresentation made by Low as a consequence of which he paid
over US$5 million to an insurer to obtain a non-existent policy of insurance.
The money was instead used to pay other policies, which I need not elaborate
on.

2 As a consequence of Low’s default in failing to comply with an order of
court requiring her to exchange her affidavit of evidence-in-chief with Ong’s
solicitors by 4pm of 23 August 2012, final judgment was entered in favour of
Ong against her on 24 August 2012. Under the final judgment, Low was to pay
Ong the following:

(a) the sum of US$2,253,514 and $2,991,519;

(b) the sum of US$221,506 and $360,458;

(c) interest; and

(d) costs.

3 Ong then applied by way of Summons No 4491 of 2012 for a garnishee order to
show cause by first attaching all debts due or accruing due from Tito Isaac &
Co LLP (“Tito Isaac LLP”) to Low. The application was contested by Engelin Teh
Practice LLC (“ETP”) who claimed to be a creditor of Low. After hearing
arguments, I dismissed Ong’s application for a garnishee order to show cause.
Ong has filed an appeal to the Court of Appeal.

Background

4 As intimated above, the Ong action was filed (on 16 March 2010) to recover
money from Low which Ong had paid in reliance of alleged fraudulent
misrepresentation from Low.

5 Ong also applied for a Mareva Injunction (“MI”) against Low by way of an _ex
parte_ Summons No 1166 of 2010 filed on 16 March 2010. I heard the application
on the same day and granted the MI. Para 6 of the MI ordered Low to disclose
all her assets in writing to Ong within 14 days after the MI was served on
her. Paras 7 and 8 of the MI stated:

7\. This order does not prohibit the Defendant from spending S$2,000 a week
towards her ordinary living expenses and the Defendant utilize [_sic_] a fixed
sum of S$10,000 for legal advice and representation. But before spending any
money, the Defendant must tell the Plaintiff’s solicitors where the money is
to come from.

8\. The Defendant may agree with the Plaintiff’s solicitors that the above
spending limits should be increased or that this order should be varied in any
other respect but any such agreement must be in writing.

6 Subsequently, various applications were made by Ong and by Low. Ong was
applying, _inter alia_ , for committal orders to be made against Low for her
alleged failure to disclose all her assets as required by the MI. Low was
applying for, _inter alia_ , an increase in the amount she could utilise for
legal advice and representation.

7 I directed that all the applications should be heard together as the
information and arguments used in one application might be relevant and
material to another application. For example, if indeed Low had failed to
disclose all her assets and she had assets in Indonesia, as Ong was alleging,
that would have a bearing as to whether the court should allow her to use
assets in Singapore to pay for her legal advice and representation beyond the
$10,000 which had initially been allowed under the MI.

8 These applications were not fully heard as there was delay, for reasons
which I need not elaborate on. After Ong obtained his final judgment, he did
not pursue his applications for committal for the time being although I have
recently learned that his solicitors have sought a hearing date for these
applications. Neither did Low pursue her applications.

9 In the meantime, Low had obtained the services of ETP to advise and
represent her in respect of Ong’s claim. She was also facing criminal charges
for which she was apparently also represented first by ETP and then by another
set of solicitors.

10 Subsequently, ETP decided not to continue to act for Low. They applied for
an order to discharge themselves and on 22 February 2012, such an order was
granted.

11 On 11 May 2012, ETP commenced Suit No 388 of 2012 (“the ETP action”)
against Low for outstanding legal fees and disbursements (collectively
referred to as “legal costs”). They obtained a final judgment in default of
appearance against Low on 4 June 2012 for $296,237.84, interest and costs.
Thereafter, ETP filed Summons No 3074 of 2012 to obtain a garnishee to show
cause by attaching all debts due or accruing due from United Overseas Bank
Limited (“UOB”) to Low. ETP managed to obtain the garnishee order to show
cause before an assistant registrar on 27 June 2012. The garnishee order to
show cause is the first of two parts in the process. The first is to obtain a
garnishee order to show cause on an _ex parte_ application for that purpose.
If and when the garnishee order to show cause is granted, the relevant debt is
attached pending the outcome of a creditor’s application, to be heard on a
specified date (known as the return date), for a final garnishee order which
is the second part of the process. The final garnishee order, if granted, will
order the garnishee to pay to the creditor the debt due from the garnishee to
the debtor or so much of the debt as may be sufficient to satisfy the amount
owing to the creditor. The garnishee process is available to a creditor who
has obtained a judgment against a debtor.

12 As stated above, ETP obtained a garnishee order to show cause on 27 June
2012. The return date was 11 July 2012.

13 Before 11 July 2012, Ong and his solicitors had learned about the steps
which ETP was taking to obtain a final garnishee order. Ong filed Summons No
3298 of 2012 on 3 July 2012 to ask for leave for Ong to intervene in ETP’s
action, _ie_ , Suit No 388 of 2012 and to seek various orders including an
order to set aside the final judgment which ETP had obtained against Low. If
that judgment was set aside, then ETP’s garnishee proceedings would become
academic before me. Ong’s application was fixed for hearing before me on 4
July 2012, _ie_ , seven days before the return date of ETP’s application for a
final garnishee order on 11 July 2012. I directed that both Ong’s application
to intervene and ETP’s application for a final garnishee order be adjourned to
a date to be fixed and gave directions in respect of the applications.

14 The two applications were eventually fixed for hearing before me on 5
September 2012. By then, Ong had obtained his final judgment on 23 August
2012. He had also filed three more applications:

(a) Summons No 3845 of 2012 filed on 27 July 2012 for an extension of time to
file an affidavit to support his earlier summons to intervene in ETP’s action.

(b) Summons No 4433 of 2012 (in Ong’s action) filed on 30 August 2012 for,
_inter alia_ , an order to vary para 2 of the MI so that certain money held by
Tito Isaac LLP in a conveyancing account with UOB would be paid out to Ong.

(c) Summons No 4491 of 2012 (in Ong’s action) filed on 4 September 2012 for a
garnishee order to show cause.

15 However, only Summons Nos 3845 and 4433 of 2012 were also fixed for hearing
on 5 September 2012 and not the last one. Hence, on 5 September 2012, the
following four applications were fixed for hearing before me:

(a) Summons No 3074 of 2012 for a final garnishee order.

(b) Summons No 3298 of 2012 for leave for Ong to intervene in ETP’s action.

(c) Summons No 3845 of 2012 for an extension of time for Ong to file an
affidavit to support his application to intervene in ETP’s action.

(d) Summons No 4433 of 2012 to vary para 2 of the MI as stated above.

16 Summons No 4433 of 2012 was an inappropriate application because there was
no reason to vary the MI so that Ong would effectively become a secured
creditor and obtain some payment ahead of other creditors. Generally, an MI is
not intended to give the applicant for the MI priority over other creditors.
If it obtains priority by means of some mode of execution, that is a different
matter. I dismissed Summons No 4433 of 2012 after I stated that the MI was to
continue after judgment which Ong had obtained. This continuation was to avoid
any argument that the MI had ceased to have effect when Ong obtained his final
judgment and may, in turn, have a bearing on the question of whether ETP was
entitled to obtain judgment for its legal costs or whether the quantum of its
judgment could be challenged by Ong.

17 Summons No 3845 of 2012 became uncontentious and I granted it.

18 As regards Ong’s application to intervene in ETP’s action, _ie_ , Summons
No 3298 of 2012, the primary purpose of that application was because Ong
wanted to challenge the amount claimed by ETP for their legal costs which he
thought was excessive. I was of the view that Ong had no _locus standi_ to
intervene in ETP’s action for that purpose. Generally, it was not for one
creditor to intervene in another creditor’s action to question the quantum of
that liability. Otherwise, ETP would in turn be entitled to ask for leave to
intervene in Ong’s action if ETP had a reason to question the amount owing by
Low to Ong. If Low was made a bankrupt, the Official Assignee (“OA”) would be
entitled to take the step which Ong was contemplating. As for the MI, it did
appear that ETP’s final judgment might conflict with the MI which restricted
Low to using 10,000 for legal advice and representation. Nevertheless, I was
of the view that it was not necessary for Ong to intervene in the ETP action
to raise the MI in ETP’s garnishee proceeding because, as a creditor of Low,
Ong was entitled to appear and oppose ETP’s garnishee proceeding without more.
I dismissed Ong’s application to intervene in ETP’s action.

19 I come back now to ETP’s application for a final garnishee order. It is
useful to bear in mind that Ong had filed his action earlier, _ie_ , on 16
March 2010. ETP’s action was filed more than two years later on 11 May 2012.
Yet ETP obtained its final judgment earlier on 4 June 2012 whereas Ong
obtained his on 23 August 2012. This was because ETP’s final judgment was a
judgment in default of appearance by Low whereas Ong’s was a default judgment
only because Low had failed to comply with an unless order, as stated above at
[2]. Consequently, ETP was ahead of the game when it came to applying for a
final garnishee order.

20 In the light of para 7 of the MI which restricted Low to utilising only
$10,000 for legal advice and representation, I was doubtful whether ETP’s
final judgment was in order since there was no variation of the MI in the
first place to allow Low to incur more than $10,000. It seemed to be a
backdoor means of circumventing the MI without an application being made for a
variation of the MI first. It seemed to me that ETP should not have obtained a
judgment in default of appearance without first applying for and obtaining an
order to vary the MI to allow Low to incur more than $10,000 for legal advice
and representation especially since ETP was aware of the MI as it was acting
for Low to vary the MI. ETP should also have disclosed the MI to the assistant
registrar granting the judgment in default of appearance before obtaining the
judgment. However, it was not necessary for me to reach a conclusion on this
point as there was another factor militating against the making of a final
garnishee order in favour of ETP.

21 _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009)
(“ _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ ”) states at para 49/1/6:

**49/1/6. Discretion.** Garnishee proceedings have been brought, and have
succeeded, in a large variety of instances. The court’s power to make a
garnishee order, whether it is a provisional or final order, is discretionary.
A garnishee order is basically an equitable remedy, and it may be refused
where the attachment of the debt would be inequitable or unfair. ... The court
will exercise its discretion in deciding whether an order should be made. ...
In doing so, the court will want to ensure that the order will do justice not
only between the parties, but to any other persons who may be affected by the
order. Hence, the court will be reluctant to make the order if it would have
the effect of prejudicing the rights of other creditors in respect of the
judgment debtor’s assets. (The court will take into account the interests of
other creditors in the assets that the judgment debtor might have. See
_Pritchard v Westminster Bank_ [1969] 1 WLR 547; _Hudson’s Concrete Products v
D B Evans_ (_Bliston_) (1961) 105 Sol Jo 281; _Rainbow v Moorgate Properties_
[1975] 1 WLR 788.) In particular, if the debtor or his estate is insolvent,
the court will not grant the order if to do so would unjustifiably give the
judgment creditor priority over other creditors. (See _Pritchard v Westminster
Bank_ [1969] 1 WLR 547. Also see _George Lee & Sons (Builders) v Olink_ [1972]
1 WLR 214, in which the court ruled that an order should not be made final if
there is real uncertainty about the solvency of the debtor’s estate.)

22 ETP and Ong appeared to be on common ground that Low was insolvent. In the
light of that and the fact that Ong’s cause of action had arisen first and
that he had not been shown to have been dilatory in pursuing his claim and
given my doubt about the validity of ETP’s final judgment, it seemed to me
unjust to make the final garnishee order which ETP was seeking. In the
circumstances, I dismissed ETP’s application for the same and discharged the
garnishee order to show cause.

23 However, as Ong’s own garnishee proceeding was still pending, I directed
that it be heard before me.

24 There was no appeal against any of the decisions I made on 5 September 2012
in respect of the four applications I mentioned.

25 Ong’s application for a garnishee order to show cause came up for hearing
before me on 8 November 2012. He was seeking a garnishee order to show cause
to attach money held by Tito Isaac LLP for Low. The money apparently comprised
the net sale proceeds arising from the sale of an apartment owned by Low at
Cairnhill Plaza. The money had been deposited in an account held by Tito Isaac
LLP with UOB. Accordingly, although ETP’s garnishee proceeding had named UOB
as the garnishee and Ong’s garnishee proceeding had named Tito Isaac LLP as
the garnishee, both ETP and Ong appeared to be targeting the same money.

26 At the hearing on 8 November 2012, Ong’s counsel Mr Kamdar took the point
that Low was not necessarily insolvent because Ong was alleging that Low has
assets in Indonesia. Specifically, Ong was alleging that he had learned that
Low has trading accounts with two Indonesian stockbrokers PT Mahastra Capital
and PT Valbury Asia Securities.

27 Although I was aware about Ong’s allegations regarding Low’s trading
accounts with Indonesian stockbrokers, which allegations had been made in his
applications in respect of the committal proceedings, Mr Kamdar’s argument
took me by surprise because, as I mentioned above, it appeared to be common
ground at the hearing on 5 September 2012 that Low was insolvent. Mr Kamdar
was present then. He must have known from my reference to para 49/1/6 of
_Singapore Court Practice 2009_ on that day that Low’s insolvency was the main
reason why I was not inclined to grant ETP the final garnishee order. If he
was not accepting that Low was insolvent, he ought to have said so then. Yet
he was content not to say so when it suited Ong’s interest.

28 In any event, I was not persuaded that Low was solvent. It was unclear as
to exactly what Low’s assets in Indonesia comprised of and the value of such
assets. Furthermore, there might be considerable difficulty in taking steps to
recover those assets.

29 It seemed to me that Ong knew that, at the very least, it would be
difficult to recover any of Low’s assets in Indonesia. It was telling that in
a letter from his solicitors to the Registrar of the Supreme Court dated 3
July 2012, p 3 thereof stated that, “there appears to be a strong suspicion of
funds overseas beyond reach”. That was why he was trying so hard to obtain a
garnishee order to show cause with a view to obtaining a final garnishee order
eventually.

30 It seemed to me unjust to grant Ong a garnishee order to show cause in the
light of what had transpired. As I mentioned above, his application was not
fixed for hearing on 5 September 2012 when I heard ETP’s application for a
final garnishee order. Fortunately, I had ensured that his application be
heard by the same judge who had heard ETP’s application so that the court
hearing his application would be fully aware of what had transpired.

31 In the circumstances, I dismissed Ong’s application. If and when a
receiving and adjudication order is made against Low and if the OA is
appointed, the OA can look into the quantum of ETP’s legal costs and the
question of applying or continuing Low’s application to vary the MI to allow
Low to incur more than $10,000 for her legal costs. It would also be for the
OA to take such step as is appropriate to recover Low’s assets and distribute
them to creditors.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jan 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

