Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Aurol Anthony Sabastian _v_ Sembcorp Marine Ltd  
[2013] SGCA 5

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 71 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 January 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  George Lim SC and Foo Say Tun (Wee, Tay & Lim LLP) for
the appellant; Davinder Singh SC, Pardeep Singh Khosa and Vishal Harnal (Drew
& Napier LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Aurol Anthony Sabastian — Sembcorp Marine Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2012] 2 SLR 645.]

17 January 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal concerns an alleged breach by the appellant, Mr Anthony
Sabastian Aurol (“Aurol”), of an interim sealing order made by an Assistant
Registrar (“the AR”). Upon the application of the respondent, Sembcorp Marine
Ltd (“SCM”), in Originating Summons No 465 of 2011 (“OS 465 of 2011”) for an
order of committal against Aurol for contempt of court, Aurol was found guilty
by the High Court and sentenced to five days’ imprisonment. The decision of
the High Court Judge (“the Judge”) finding Aurol guilty of contempt is
reported in _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v Aurol Anthony Sabastian_ [2012] 2 SLR 645.

2 The present appeal is brought by Aurol against his conviction and sentence.
It was heard together with Civil Appeal No 66 of 2012 (“CA 66 of 2012”), which
was Aurol’s appeal against the refusal of the High Court to grant him leave to
adduce further evidence at a very late stage in the proceedings below.
Following brief oral arguments before us, we dismissed CA 66 of 2012.

The factual background

3 The background to the present appeal revolves around a related action in
Suit 351 of 2010 (“Suit 351”) which was brought by SCM and PPL Shipyard Pte
Ltd (“PPLS”) against PPL Holdings Pte Ltd (“PPLH”) and E-Interface Holdings
Limited. SCM had entered into a joint venture with PPLH pursuant to which each
party was to and did come to own shares in PPLS. Under the joint venture
agreement, each party was granted pre-emption rights in the event the other
party wished to sell its shares. However, the parent company of PPLH, Baker
Technology Ltd (“Baker”), which was not a party to the joint venture
agreement, sold its shares in PPLH to a competitor of SCM, ostensibly by-
passing the restrictions imposed by the pre-emption rights. This subsequently
led to the filing of Suit 351 by SCM.

4 Aurol was a director of Baker, PPLH and PPLS at the material time. He also
had indirect interests in Baker and had played a central role in arranging the
sale of Baker’s shareholding in PPLH to SCM’s competitor.

Wong’s 4th affidavit

5 Mr Wong Weng Sun (“Wong”) is the President and Chief Executive Officer of
SCM. He filed various affidavits in Suit 351 in that capacity. In his 4th
affidavit (“Wong’s 4th affidavit”) filed on 26 November 2010, Wong set out
fairly detailed information about the SCM Group’s foreign exchange hedging
policies. It subsequently occurred to SCM that this was confidential
information and if the release of that information into the public domain was
not restrained, it could be exploited by non-parties to the detriment of the
SCM Group.[note: 1] On 3 December 2010, SCM filed Summons 5659 of 2010 (“SUM
5659”) seeking a sealing order in relation to various documents including
Wong’s 4th affidavit.

SUM 5659

6 Specifically, the following reliefs were sought in SUM 5659:[note: 2]

(a) That SUM 5659 itself and all its contents including the supporting
affidavit be sealed;

(b) That Wong’s 4th affidavit be sealed from non-parties to Suit 351; and

(c) That any further affidavit in Suit 351 containing references to, or
quotations or extracts from exhibit WWS-47 to Wong’s 4th affidavit, be sealed
from non-parties to Suit 351.

The affidavit filed in support of SUM 5659 and referred to in [6(a)] above was
Wong’s 5th affidavit. SUM 5659 and Wong’s 5th affidavit were filed together on
3 December 2010.

Interim Sealing Order of 6 December 2010

7 On 6 December 2010, counsel for SCM appeared _ex parte_ before the AR on
duty, seeking an urgent hearing date for SUM 5659 to be heard by a High Court
Judge. The minutes of the hearing before the AR were recorded on the backing
sheet of the summons and read as follows:

Bernette Meyer and Mr Issac Lum for Pf

PC: Application is for the sealing of an affidavit that my client has filed a
week before, on 26 Nov 2010. And also any further affidavits filed in this
Suit which refers to a exhibit WWS-47 in that affidavit. Other side expected
to file an affidavit this Friday. Seeking an urgent hearing date for this
sealing application. And also to ask that in the interim, before that hearing,
for this affidavit to be sealed such that non-parties to the suit cannot
inspect the affidavit. We asked for consent to the sealing last week but did
not receive.

Ct: Application fixed for Friday 10 December 2010 on the usual OS SUMS list at
9am. In the interim (till the hearing of the application), Mr Wong Weng Sun’s
5th supporting affidavit dated 26 November 2010, together with the summons,
are to be sealed as against non-parties to the Suit. To serve on all parties.

8 As it turned out, the AR had made a mistake: Wong’s 5th affidavit was dated
3 December 2010, not 26 November 2010; it was Wong’s 4th affidavit that was
dated 26 November 2010\. The AR’s order was not extracted in the usual way. As
a result, this notation on the backing sheet of the summons is the only record
of the order that was made by the AR on 6 December 2010.

6 December 2010 letter

9 On the same day, after the AR had made the interim sealing order, SCM’s
lawyers, Drew & Napier LLC (“Drew”), wrote to the lawyers acting for the
defendants in Suit 351, Straits Law Practice LLC (“Straits Law”), informing
them of the hearing date for SUM 5659. The letter also stated the
following:[note: 3]

... Please be informed that the Court has granted an interim order that until
the hearing of the Summons, the Summons itself and the 5th Affidavit of Mr
Wong Weng Sun filed in support of the Summons be sealed as against non-parties
to the Suit.

10 On 7 December 2010, Drew served a copy of SUM 5659, the interim sealing
order (as recorded on the backing sheet of the summons) as well as Wong’s 5th
affidavit on Straits Law. It is undisputed that copies of SUM 5659, the
interim order, Wong’s 5th affidavit and Drew’s letter of 6 December 2010 were
sent to Aurol on or prior to 9 December 2010.[note: 4] It is also undisputed
that Aurol had received and read all of these documents on or before that
date.[note: 5]

Aurol’s conversation with Conrad Raj on 10 December 2010

11 Mr Conrad Raj (“Raj”) is a senior journalist with the Today Newspaper
(“Today”) and an old friend of Aurol’s. Raj had previously published an
article on 2 July 2010 in Today, commenting on the fall-out between SCM and
Baker. Raj and Aurol had a telephone conversation on 10 December 2010.[note:
6] There is some dispute as to whether it was Raj who called Aurol or the
other way around; there is also some dispute as to what exactly transpired in
the course of that conversation.

Aurol emails Raj SUM 5659 and Wong’s 5th affidavit

12 On the same day (10 December 2010) following from their conversation, Aurol
emailed a copy of SUM 5659 and Wong’s 5th affidavit to Raj.

The 13 December 2010 Today article

13 On 13 December 2010, an article written by Raj was published in Today
detailing the fact that SUM 5659 had been filed and setting out the reasons
for the application.

14 This prompted an immediate reaction from SCM. Its lawyers wrote to
Mediacorp Pte Ltd (“Mediacorp”) which owned and published Today, drawing
attention to the alleged breach of the interim sealing order and asking
Mediacorp to name the source of the information which Raj had published in his
article. Upon Mediacorp’s refusal to reveal its source, SCM commenced
Originating Summons No 74 of 2011 (“OS 74 of 2011”) against Mediacorp.

Mediacorp ordered to reveal its source

15 On 7 March 2011, the AR who heard OS 74 of 2011 at first instance ordered
Mediacorp to reveal its source. Mediacorp appealed this decision but the order
was upheld by the High Court on 31 March 2011.

The apology

16 On 5 April 2011, Aurol wrote to the High Court and SCM. The letter was
written on a PPLH letterhead but was signed by Aurol as a director. Aurol
appeared to have identified himself as the source of the leak. He also stated
as follows in the letter:[note: 7]

We humbly and sincerely apologise to this Honourable Court for breaching the
interim order dated 6 December 2010. We have the greatest respect for this
Honourable Court, and the orders that it makes. We did not intentionally set
out to breach the interim order.

SCM commences OS 465 of 2011

17 On 10 June 2011, by way of OS 465 of 2011 and pursuant to O 52 r 2 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”), SCM commenced
committal proceedings against Aurol. Leave was granted by the Court on 30 June
2011. On 1 July 2011, SCM filed Summons 2861 of 2011 to apply for an order
that Aurol be committed to prison for contempt.

The decision below

18 On 19 March 2012, the Judge issued his judgment finding Aurol guilty of
contempt, and directing that the parties’ submissions on sentence be heard on
23 May 2012. On 28 September 2012, the Judge sentenced Aurol to five days’
imprisonment.

19 In coming to his decision, the Judge first noted that whatever Aurol might
say about the confusion engendered by the mismatch between the reference to
the affidavit as Wong’s 5th affidavit and the date ascribed to it, the interim
sealing order was clear and ambiguous at least in relation to the summons
itself.[note: 8] The Judge thought that given Aurol’s background, he must have
known the difference between a summons and an affidavit. Yet, Aurol had failed
to offer any satisfactory explanation as to how he could possibly have misread
the order in relation to the summons itself.[note: 9]

20 In relation to the reference to the affidavit, the Judge found that while
there might have been some ambiguity arising from the misdescription referred
to above, given that it was also described in the interim sealing order as a
“supporting affidavit”, and further given Drew’s letter of 6 December 2010, no
ambiguity or doubt could have persisted. In short, the Judge thought that
these matters, taken together would have been sufficient to dispel any
ambiguity.[note: 10] The Judge concluded that he was permitted to consider all
the surrounding facts and circumstances, including Drew’s letter of 6 December
2010 to ascertain the real meaning and purport of the interim sealing
order.[note: 11] The Judge then considered the purpose of the order and
determined that there was a real risk of interference with the administration
of justice as a consequence of its being deliberately disobeyed.

21 The Judge also found that Aurol had the specific intent to breach the order
and found Aurol’s explanation that he had not read Drew’s letter of 6 December
2010 in detail unconvincing, as it was bald and evasive.[note: 12] In the
Judge’s view, Aurol’s failure to produce his phone records to show who had
initiated the conversation with Raj, his failure to produce the email he sent
to Raj or to give any explanation for this failure, as well as Raj’s affidavit
which appeared to contradict Aurol’s evidence, all pointed to the fact that
Aurol had deliberately piqued Raj’s interest before sending him the email with
SUM 5659 and Wong’s 5th affidavit attached while asking Raj to keep his
identity strictly confidential.[note: 13] In addition, the Judge considered it
significant that Aurol had failed to own up immediately after SCM instituted
OS 74 of 2011 and instead waited until after the High Court had affirmed the
AR’s order to compel Mediacorp to reveal its source. The Judge was also
troubled by the terms of the letter sent by Straits Law on behalf of Aurol on
5 April 2011 to convey his apology, observing that the letter had been
carefully and deliberately crafted. As a result of all this, the Judge
concluded that Aurol’s actions were neither innocent nor unintentional.[note:
14]

22 Finally, the Judge held that there was a real risk of interference with the
administration of justice because the breach by Aurol was not merely
technical, but had the effect of destroying or nullifying the purpose of the
order. This was thought to be so especially in the light of the fact that the
situation was (and would have been known to be) irreversible once Aurol had
successfully used Raj to make public what the AR had ordered to be
sealed.[note: 15]

The parties’ submissions

Aurol’s case

23 In the appeal, Aurol’s first argument was that the interim sealing order is
to be distinguished from injunctive relief which takes the form of an express
non-disclosure order.[note: 16] Mr George Lim SC (“Mr Lim”), who appeared for
Aurol, argued that his client should not be held in contempt for disclosing
SUM 5659 and Wong’s 5th affidavit to Raj even assuming those documents were
clearly covered by the terms of the interim sealing order because at its
highest the order that had been made by the AR was just that: an interim
sealing order the effect of which was only to seal the court file but not to
prevent disclosure of materials from the file where this did not require any
inspection of the court file. According to Mr Lim, the order would only have
proscribed such disclosure if it had been an express non-disclosure order.

24 Mr Lim then submitted that the terms of the interim sealing order were
ambiguous and it was impermissible for the Judge to have considered the
extraneous circumstances that he did in his effort to infer the intended scope
and purpose of the order. Specifically, it was contended that the Judge had
made a number of errors in interpreting the interim sealing order. First, Mr
Lim argued that the Judge had erred because in fact, SCM’s lawyers had applied
only for Wong’s 4th affidavit to be sealed. Second, it was submitted that the
Judge erred because he should not have relied on Drew’s letter of 6 December
2010 to determine the meaning or interpretation of the interim sealing order.
Finally, Mr Lim submitted that the Judge erred in placing undue reliance on
the words “supporting affidavit” to dispel the ambiguity which was inherent in
the order.

25 Mr Lim also submitted that criminal contempt proceedings fall within the
supervision and jurisdiction of the Attorney-General (“the AG”) in his role as
the Public Prosecutor and guardian of the public interest. Thus, SCM’s
application ought at least to have been sanctioned by the Attorney-General’s
Chambers, which it was not. Mr Lim contended that the proceedings were also
doomed to fail on account of this.

SCM’s case

26 In response, Mr Davinder Singh SC (“Mr Singh”) who appeared for SCM, argued
that Aurol had failed to demonstrate that the Judge had erred in his central
finding that the real and central purpose of making the interim sealing order
was to preserve the _status quo_ and specifically to prevent the disclosure
and publication of the protected information before SUM 5659 had been
substantively disposed of by the Court. Mr Singh submitted that Aurol’s
arguments conflated the terms of the interim sealing order with its purpose.
According to Mr Singh, the purpose of the interim order, when construed in the
circumstances of the case, was clear and unambiguous, and indeed was known to
Aurol. This was to preserve the _status quo_ pending the substantive disposal
of SCM’s application. Yet, Aurol had deliberately disclosed the sealed
documents to Raj as part of a deliberate plan to stimulate Raj’s interest in
the matter and to induce him to write an article that would embarrass SCM. In
doing so, Aurol’s actions posed a real risk of interfering with the
administration of justice as the purposes underlying the interim sealing order
had been compromised if not destroyed.

27 On Aurol’s contention that the criminal contempt proceedings ought first to
have been sanctioned by the AG, Mr Singh argued that unlike the position in
England, there are no specific statutory provisions in Singapore that limit
the power to initiate certain types of contempt proceedings to the AG. Indeed,
Mr Singh submitted that the law in Singapore is that any interested party may,
with the leave of the court, bring proceedings for criminal contempt.

Issues raised

28 The following principal issues arise for our consideration in the appeal:

(a) As a preliminary matter, whether a party is obliged to consult or to
obtain the sanction of the AG before commencing proceedings for criminal
contempt;

(b) Whether the terms of the interim sealing order were ambiguous and, if so,
whether the High Court erred in relying on Drew’s letter of 6 December 2010 to
dispel the ambiguity; and

(c) Whether the offence of criminal contempt could be made out in the
circumstances even though the order was a sealing order and not an express
non-disclosure order.

Our decision

Whether there is an obligation to consult or to obtain the sanction of the AG
before commencing proceedings for criminal contempt

29 As a preliminary point, it may be noted that the present action is one for
criminal contempt and not for civil contempt. An action for civil contempt is
directed at a party who is bound by an order of court but is alleged to have
breached the terms of that order. Such an action is directed at securing
compliance with the order in question. An action for criminal contempt on the
other hand need not be confined to parties who are directly bound by the
order. Any person, even one not directly bound by the order, can act so as to
deliberately frustrate or undermine its purpose but if he does that, then he
commits criminal contempt. There was no question here of an action for civil
contempt being taken to secure Aurol’s compliance with the interim sealing
order. First, Aurol was not personally a party to that order. Second, the
order had already been breached in circumstances where the breach could not be
reversed. Rather, this was an action taken to punish Aurol for the asserted
criminal contempt founded on his allegedly deliberate actions calculated to
frustrate the purposes of the interim sealing order. In short, this was a
prosecution for a crime that Aurol was alleged to have committed.

Constitutional Role of the AG

30 By virtue of s 11(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Act No 15 of
2010) (“CPC 2010”) the AG is the Public Prosecutor and in him, in general, is
vested the control and direction of criminal prosecutions and proceedings.
Section 11(1) of the CPC 2010 states:

The Attorney-General shall be the Public Prosecutor and shall have the control
and direction of criminal prosecutions and proceedings _under this Code or any
other written law._ [emphasis added]

31 But, s 11 of the CPC 2010 does not provide an immediate answer to the
question of the role of the AG in relation to the present proceedings.
Singapore’s contempt of court law “is based on common law and is an anomaly in
our criminal justice system, as all our criminal laws are statute-based” (see
Chan Sek Keong, Chief Justice, “Opening of Legal Year 2010” Response Speech (2
January 2010) at para 21). What then is the position in relation to a
prosecution, anomalous though it be, that is brought under the common law?

32 At first blush, the position is apparently made somewhat clearer by Art
35(8) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999
Reprint) (“the Constitution”), which constitutionally enshrines the integral
role played by the AG in the institution and conduct of _all_ criminal
proceedings. Art 35(8) of the Constitution reads:

The Attorney-General shall have power, exercisable at his discretion, to
institute, conduct or discontinue any proceedings for any offence.

33 Notably, Art 35(8) of the Constitution does not circumscribe the power of
the AG only to criminal proceedings initiated under any written law: it is
thus intended to govern _all_ criminal proceedings, whether initiated pursuant
to a statute or under the common law. Art 35(8) of the Constitution has been
judicially interpreted in many cases, and most notably in _Law Society of
Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 239 (“ _Phyllis Tan_ ”) at
[145] to mean the following:

In relation to public prosecutions, Art 35(8) makes it clear that the
_institution, conduct or discontinuance_ of **_any_** criminal proceedings is
a matter for only the Attorney-General to decide. This means that except for
unconstitutionality, the Attorney-General has an unfettered discretion as to
when and how he exercises his prosecutorial powers. … [emphasis in original in
italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

34 Insofar as it is a matter of the AG’s power and discretion, the position is
clear. There is no doubt that the AG has the power to institute and conduct
prosecutions and proceedings for criminal contempt and this is reflected in
the many cases where the AG has done so before our courts. But, it has also
been held that Art 35(8) of the Constitution does not prevent other persons
from commencing private prosecutions in the permitted circumstances. In
_Public Prosecutor v Norzian bin Bintat_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 105 at [19], the High
Court held:

It is not disputed that in certain circumstances an aggrieved person may
commence a private prosecution for certain offences without the consent of the
Attorney-General. Thus, it is uncontroversial that the Attorney-General does
not have the sole discretion to institute or conduct criminal proceedings ...

35 Similarly, in _Attorney-General v Tee Kok Boon_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 412 at
[68], the High Court held that:

Article 35 deals with the office of the Attorney-General and matters
incidental thereto such as the appointment of the Attorney-General, his duties
and powers. I am of the view that while Art 35(8) states his power to
institute proceedings for any offence, it does not preclude others from
instituting criminal proceedings as may be prescribed by written law. The
Attorney-General has overall control over criminal proceedings. As mentioned,
the Attorney-General may intervene even in private prosecutions.

36 Insofar as the prosecution of statutory offences is concerned, the rights
of private individuals to initiate prosecutions are set out in the CPC 2010
and in broad terms, these may be summarised thus:

(a) Pursuant to s 10 of the CPC 2010, the prosecution of the offences that are
listed in that section may not be initiated without the consent of the Public
Prosecutor;

(b) Subject to this, a private prosecution may be initiated pursuant to s
11(10) of the CPC 2010 if it is:

(i) for a summary case before a Magistrate’s Court; and

(ii) the offence carries a maximum term of imprisonment provided by law that
does not exceed 3 years or is punishable with a fine only.

(c) In respect of offences falling outside the scope of s 11(10) of the CPC
2010, a private prosecution may only be conducted upon obtaining a fiat from
the Public Prosecutor under s 12 of the CPC 2010 (see Jennifer Marie and
Mohammed Faizal, _The Criminal Procedure Code of Singapore_ (Singapore Academy
Publishing 2012) at para 03.22).

37 But even in instances where an aggrieved person may commence a private
prosecution without the need for the AG’s consent, the AG may intervene and
decide whether to continue or discontinue the prosecution. This is provided
for in s 13 of the CPC 2010:

**Public Prosecutor’s power to take over conduct of prosecution, etc.**

**13**. Where a prosecution is conducted by a person other than the Public
Prosecutor, the Solicitor-General, a Deputy Public Prosecutor or an Assistant
Public Prosecutor, the Public Prosecutor may, if he thinks fit, take over the
conduct of the prosecution at any stage of the proceedings and continue or
discontinue the prosecution.

38 The rationale for this was explained in _Cheng William v Loo Ngee Long
Edmund_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 626 as follows at [16]:

... It would seem that these provisions squarely contemplate _the risks
particular to private prosecutions, where the complainant may allow his
"private passions and prejudices to creep into the conduct" of a criminal
appeal (Ponniah v Lim_ [1960] MLJ 152 ). A private prosecution is a
prosecution by a private individual which, if successful, relies on the state
machinery to mete out the sentence imposed. In addition, a criminal offence is
based on the notion of a wrong committed against society or social values. It
follows that _a private prosecution should not defeat the interests of state
and society_ (such interests in this context being determined by the Public
Prosecutor). [emphasis added]

39 But what is the position in relation to the prosecution of an offence
founded in the common law? The present proceedings had to be brought in the
High Court. Moreover, it was for an offence against the administration of
justice and bears some resemblance to some of the offences identified in s 10
of the CPC 2010 as requiring the prior consent of the Public Prosecutor – see
for instance s 228 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The proposition
that such a prosecution for criminal contempt could be initiated in the High
Court without _any_ involvement of the Public Prosecutor would seem somewhat
out of step with the statutory framework, though we recognise that this may
well be the position ultimately since the offence concerned is a unique and
anomalous one rooted in the common law.

40 In England, the issue was specifically considered by the _Report of the
Committee on Contempt of Court_ (Cmnd 5794, 1974) (“the Phillimore Committee
report”). Mr Singh relied on the Phillimore Committee report at para 184 to
argue that any interested person can bring proceedings for criminal
contempt.[note: 17] The paragraph reads:

184\. In general, contempt proceedings, like most other proceedings, civil or
criminal, may be instituted by a private individual. ...

41 The English position is not entirely equivalent to ours because of the
greater prevalence of criminal law founded in the common law there. But even
so, the Phillimore Committee report goes on to state at para 187:

**We are sure that the Attorney General must retain his right to act in the
public interest where he thinks fit to do so.** Experience shows that such
occasions are relatively rare, especially in connection with civil
proceedings. But we are also sure that his should not be an exclusive
jurisdiction. Although contempt is a public offence in the sense of being an
interference with the course of justice, it is usually private individuals who
are affected by it, and _if for one reason or another the Attorney General
decides not to act_ , the individual should have the right to test the matter
in the courts. There are special reasons for such exceptions as exist to the
general principle that prosecutions may be privately brought. We do not
consider that the reasons here suffice to make contempt a further exception;
and the present position has not resulted in many private proceedings for
contempt in recent years. If any general restriction upon private prosecutions
were to be imposed in the future, then no doubt the position in the law of
contempt should be considered. **We believe, however, that the normal practice
should be, especially where the alleged contempt is in relation to criminal
proceedings, that the attention of the Attorney General should be drawn to the
matter before any private proceedings are begun.** ... [emphasis in original
in bold; emphasis added in italics]

42 Thus the Phillimore Committee concluded in 1974 that the right of the AG to
act was not exclusive, but it also suggested that the institution of an action
by a private individual ought only to take place “ _if for one reason or
another the AG decides not to act_ ” (emphasis added). This contemplates that
there is a need to first consult the AG but reserving the possibility of
proceeding with a private prosecution for criminal contempt in the event that
the AG decides not to act.

43 It may be noted that the position in England was modified by s 7 of the
Contempt of Court Act 1981 (c 49) (UK) (“UK Contempt of Court Act 1981”) which
provides that:

Proceedings for a contempt of court under the strict liability rule (other
than Scottish proceedings) shall not be instituted except by or with the
consent of the Attorney-General or on the motion of a court having
jurisdiction to deal with it.

44 Under s 2(1) of the UK Contempt of Court Act 1981, proceedings under the
strict liability rule refer to those brought in relation to publications which
are addressed to the public at large. Thus, in England, in relation to
contempt by publication at least, the position has been that proceedings may
only be instituted either by, or with the consent of, the AG or on the motion
of the court.

45 Outside the realm of the UK Contempt of Court Act 1981, while the position
under the English common law remains that the consent of the AG is not
strictly required, it has been noted in many instances that it is desirable
that the aggrieved party should place the facts before the AG prior to
instituting proceedings himself (see for instance David Eady & A.T.H. Smith,
_Arlidge, Eady & Smith on Contempt_ (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2011) (“
_Arlidge, Eady & Smith on Contempt_”) at para 3-181). This view also finds
support in a number of judicial pronouncements. Lord Cross of Chelsea in
_Attorney General v Times Newspapers Ltd_ [1974] AC 273 (“ _Times Newspapers_
”) observed thus at 326–327:

… It is, I think, most desirable that in civil as well as in criminal cases
anyone who thinks that a criminal contempt of court has been or is about to be
committed should, if possible, place the facts before the Attorney-General for
him to consider whether or not those facts appear to disclose a contempt of
court of sufficient gravity to warrant his bringing the matter to the notice
of the court. Of course, in some cases it may be essential if an application
is to be made at all for it to be made promptly and there may be no time for
the person affected by the “contempt” to put the facts before the Attorney
before moving himself. Again the fact that the Attorney declines to take up
the case will not prevent the complainant from seeking to persuade the court
that notwithstanding the refusal of the Attorney to act the matter complained
of does in fact constitute a contempt of which the court should take notice.
Yet again, of course, there may be cases where a serious contempt appears to
have been committed but for one reason or another none of the parties affected
by it wishes any action to be taken in respect of it. In such cases if the
facts come to the knowledge of the Attorney from some other source he will
naturally himself bring the matter to the attention of the court.

46 In _Dobson and another v Hastings and others_ [1992] Ch 394 at 411, the
Court found that the issue was a “far reaching” one which called for extensive
treatment, especially in light of the cases. The following observations of the
Court at 411 are noteworthy:

Thirdly, at the close of the submissions Mr Gray presented an argument that Mr
Dobson and Mr Woodward were not competent as applicants on the present
committal motion. Only the Attorney-General can initiate contempt proceedings
where the contempt alleged is not that of breaching or assisting in the breach
of a court order. Where a breach of a court order is asserted the party to the
litigation in which the order was made can himself launch contempt
proceedings. But when the contempt is not based on a breach of a court order,
the Attorney General alone has locus standi. Mr Gray presented his submission
crisply and succinctly, basing himself largely on observations of the House of
Lords in _Gouriet v. Union of Post Office Workers_ [1978] AC 435 to the effect
that it is the exclusive right of the Attorney-General to represent the public
interest.

This is a far reaching argument. I am not persuaded that the matter is as cut
and dried as Mr Gray would have it. I am fortified in this view by noting
that, when addressing this category of contempt in _Attorney General v
Newspaper Publishing Plc._ [1988] Ch 333, 362, Sir John Donaldson MR stated
guardedly that “in general” this form of contempt was a matter for the
Attorney General to raise. Further, in _P v. Liverpool Daily Post and Echo
Newspapers Plc._ [1991] 2 AC 370, 425, Lord Bridge of Harwich regarded this as
a difficult point, on which the Attorney-General should be heard. In my view
this important point calls for more extended treatment than it was accorded
before me. It is a point I ought not to decide unless that is necessary ...

47 In _Pelling v Hammond_ (C/00/2363), September 22, 2000 (cited in _Arlidge,
Eady & Smith on Contempt_ at para 3-181), on an application for permission to
appeal the refusal of the Divisional Court to grant leave to bring proceedings
for contempt, Laws LJ opined that as the allegation was one of criminal
contempt, he had considerable doubts as to the applicant’s standing and said
that it was “certainly desirable and perhaps necessary for the Attorney-
General to be approached to see whether he should bring contempt proceedings”.

48 To similar effect is the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States
in _Young v United States ex rel Vuitton et Fils, SA_ (1987) 481 US 787 (“
_Young_ ”) where it was held that a person charged with contempt _has_ a right
to a disinterested prosecutor. In _Young_ , the petitioners had violated
injunctions that were the result of a settlement of a lawsuit with Louis
Vuitton SA, the French luxury goods manufacturer. Two of Louis Vuitton’s legal
representatives had requested the District Court to appoint them as private
prosecutors to represent the United States in the investigation and
prosecution of the petitioners infringing activity. The District Court acceded
to that request. On appeal to the Supreme Court, the petitioners argued that
the appointment of Louis Vuitton’s legal counsel as special prosecutors
violated their right to be prosecuted only by an impartial prosecutor.

49 Justice Brennan, who delivered the majority decision of the Court, observed
at 814 that:

... A prosecutor of a contempt action who represents the private beneficiary
of the court order allegedly violated cannot provide such assurance, for such
an attorney is required by the very standards of the profession to serve two
masters. The appointment of counsel for Vuitton to conduct the contempt
prosecution in these cases therefore was improper.

50 The facts in _Young_ are slightly different from those in the case at hand
because the appointment of Louis Vuitton’s legal representatives as private
prosecutors entailed also conferring certain investigatory powers upon them,
over and above the power to bring proceedings. But given that the end result
of a private prosecution for criminal contempt is the imposition of penal
sanctions on the contemnor for acting to the detriment of the public interest,
the observations of Justice Brennan in _Young_ about the desirability of a
disinterested prosecutor are apposite here.

51 Indeed, in our view given the _sui generis_ nature of criminal contempt,
there is a compelling interest in the AG being consulted before proceedings
are commenced by a private party. We note that an action for criminal contempt
may even arise out of civil proceedings either through a contumelious breach
of a court order or the intentional subversion of its purpose. It is commenced
by an application for committal brought pursuant to O 52 r 2 of the Rules of
Court and may then be decided solely on affidavit evidence – even though guilt
has to be proven beyond a reasonable doubt. As Lord Diplock observed in _Times
Newspapers_ at 311–312:

... The remedy for contempt of court after it has been committed is punitive;
it may involve imprisonment, yet it is summary; _it is generally obtained on
affidavit evidence_ and _it is not accompanied by those special safeguards in
favour of the accused that are a feature of the trial of an ordinary criminal
offence_. Furthermore, it is a procedure which if instituted by one of the
parties to litigation is open to abuse ... [emphasis added]

52 In our judgment, this particular facet of proceedings brought for criminal
contempt more than anything else, clearly distinguishes it from other criminal
offences where an aggrieved person may commence a private prosecution without
first obtaining the AG’s consent.

53 SCM’s contention that any interested party may, with leave of court, bring
proceedings for criminal contempt because of the absence of specific statutory
provisions in Singapore that confine the power to initiate certain types of
contempt proceedings to the AG, in our view misses the point. In Singapore, as
reflected in Art 35(8) of the Constitution, the AG plays a unique and integral
role as guardian of the public interest _vis-à-vis_ the institution and
conduct of _all_ criminal proceedings. This includes proceedings for criminal
contempt. While we acknowledge that a private individual is entitled to
institute proceedings for criminal contempt, in our judgment, such an
individual is obliged, at least in the absence of any particular concerns of
urgency, to first consult the AG, as the disinterested prosecutor and guardian
of the public interest, before commencing the action.

54 Thus, prior to commencing committal proceedings against Aurol under O 52 r
2 of the Rules of Court for criminal contempt, SCM ought to have first
consulted the AG. Had the AG then decided to take up the matter, he would have
been doing so pursuant to his constitutional power to take conduct of the
prosecution; had he declined to prosecute the matter, SCM could then have
commenced proceedings of its own accord but in doing so it would have been
obliged to join the AG as a party and lay all the facts before the court
including any expressed views of the AG. This would enable the court to have
the benefit of the AG’s views in coming to a decision as to whether the matter
should be pursued.

55 In our view, this strikes an appropriate balance between allowing private
individuals to retain the right to initiate proceedings for criminal contempt,
while ensuring that there is adequate oversight by the AG, in his special
position as disinterested prosecutor and guardian of the public interest. We
are especially alive to the danger noted in _Young_ , that a prosecutor of a
contempt action who represents the private beneficiary of the order that has
allegedly been violated does not provide a meaningful or sufficient assurance
of an impartial prosecution. By mandating that such a party first consult the
AG before commencing action, there is the added advantage that any
contumelious conduct which may lead to an interference with the administration
of justice is brought to the attention of the AG, who might otherwise not even
be aware of such conduct.

56 The AG’s disinclination to commence proceedings for criminal contempt will
not necessarily be determinative of the court’s decision in relation to either
the granting of leave under O 52 r 2(1) of the Rules of Court, or the eventual
making of an order for committal. The court will determine each case on its
merits, although it will also take the AG’s views into consideration. As the
Court held in _Phyllis Tan_ at [146]:

… The prosecutorial power cannot circumscribe the judicial power. On the
contrary, it is the judicial power that may circumscribe the prosecutorial
power in two ways: First, the court may declare the wrongful exercise of the
prosecutorial power as unconstitutional. … Secondly, it is an established
principle that when an accused is brought before a court, the proceedings
thereafter are subject to the control of the court: see _Goh Cheng Chuan v PP_
[1990] 1 SLR(R) 660, _Ridgeway_ at 32-33 and _Looseley_ at [16]-[17]. Within
the limits of its judicial and statutory powers, the court may deal with the
case as it thinks fit in accordance with the law.

Inherent jurisdiction of the court to punish for contempt

57 The source of the judicial power mentioned above is, of course, enshrined
in Art 93 of the Constitution, which reads:

The judicial power of Singapore shall be vested in a Supreme Court and in such
subordinate courts as may be provided by any written law for the time being in
force.

58 In relation to the power to punish for contempt of court, s 7(1) of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) specifically
provides that:

The High Court and the Court of Appeal shall have the power to punish for
contempt of court.

59 In our view, s 7(1) of the SCJA preserves the court’s inherent jurisdiction
to protect its own process and authority by proceeding on its own motion in
cases where its authority is threatened or undermined. In _Churchman v Joint
Shop Stewards’ Committee of the Workers of the Port of London_ [1972] 1 WLR
1094, Lord Denning MR made the following observations at 1100–1101:

I would like to add this: Mr. Churchman and Mr. Cartwright themselves did not
seek to commit the three dockers to prison. All that they did — or, rather,
was done on their behalf — was that they reported to the Industrial Court, as
that court had directed them to do, any breaches of the order. It was in
pursuance of that direction that Mr. Churchman and Mr. Cartwright, or those
acting on their behalf, brought this matter to the attention of the court. I
do not say that the court was not entitled to act as it did. _It may be that
in some circumstances the court may be entitled, on sufficient information
being brought before it, to act on its own initiative in sending a contemnor
to prison._ But, if it does so think fit to act, it seems to me that _all the
safeguards required by the High Court must still be satisfied._ The notice
which is given to the accused must give with it the charges against him with
all the particularity which this court or the High Court here ordinarily
requires before depriving a person of his liberty. The accused must be given
notice of any new charge and the opportunity of meeting it. Even if he does
not appear to answer it, it must be proved with all the sufficiency which we
habitually require before depriving a man of his liberty. ... [emphasis added]

60 In _Seaward v Paterson_ [1897] 1 Ch 545 (_“Seaward”_), in punishing a
stranger to the litigation who had aided and abetted a breach of an
injunction, the Court made clear that it was acting on the basis of its
inherent right to punish conduct which obstructs the course of justice. As
Rigby LJ observed at 559–560:

... I entirely dissent from the suggestion that when once the court is seised
of the matter any party to the action can exercise any influence whatever.
_The court acts upon its own jurisdiction and upon its own authority, though
doubtless it would have due regard to the wishes and feelings of the person
who has brought the matter before it. ..._ [emphasis added]

61 Rigby LJ’s observations were cited with approval by Sir John Donaldson in
the case of _Con-Mech (Engineers) Ltd v Amalgamated Union of Engineering Works
(Engineering Section)_ [1973] ICR 620, who concluded at 626 that:

Once it is accepted that the High Court is concerned to exercise its power of
punishment for contempt in the public interest, as distinct from the interests
of the parties, _it seems to us that that court must have inherent
jurisdiction so to regulate its own procedure as best to achieve this object_.
The fact that the RSC do not so provide is without significance for, in
general, those rules are intended for the guidance of litigants and their
advisers and not for that of the court itself. It would be otherwise if those
rules in terms curbed the court's freedom of action, but they do not in fact
do so. [emphasis added]

62 In 1974, in considering the question of whether the waiver by an aggrieved
party of a contempt signified the end of the matter, the Phillimore Committee
noted at para 171 that this did not reflect the practice of the courts and
strongly recommended that the position be clarified that:

... the court should have the power of its own motion to act against a person
who disobeys its order whenever it thinks fit to do so ...

63 Indeed, s 7 of the UK Contempt of Court Act 1981 expressly preserves the
court’s inherent jurisdiction even though it provides that proceedings for
contempt of court under the strict liability rule should not be instituted
other than with the consent of the AG (see _Arlidge, Eady & Smith on Contempt_
at para 3-180).

64 In our judgment, on this issue, the position is largely similar in
Singapore. While we recognise that both the AG, in his role as the Public
Prosecutor and guardian of the public interest, and the party aggrieved by the
breach, have an interest in bringing proceedings for contempt, in exercising
its powers to punish for contempt, the court, in the final analysis, acts
within its inherent jurisdiction and on its own authority in the
administration of justice. This is a necessary corollary of the judicial power
that is vested in the court pursuant to Art 93 of the Constitution.

65 In exercising such powers, the court is not seeking to vindicate its own
dignity or the self-esteem of judges but to safeguard the integrity of legal
proceedings for the benefit of those seeking recourse before the courts; and
so, ultimately, for the benefit of the public in whose interest it is that
legal proceedings, civil or criminal, should be fairly tried and justly
determined (see _Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co LLC and
others_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 518 (“ _Karaha Bodas_ ”) at [23]). In the words of
Lord Morris of Borth-y-Gest in _Times Newspapers_ at 302:

In an ordered community courts are established for the pacific settlement of
disputes and for the maintenance of law and order. In the general interests of
the community it is imperative that the authority of the courts should not be
imperilled and that recourse to them should not be subject to unjustifiable
interference. _When such unjustifiable interference is suppressed it is not
because those charged with the responsibilities of administering justice are
concerned for their own dignity: it is because the very structure of ordered
life is at risk if the recognised courts of the land are so flouted and their
authority wanes and is supplanted_. [emphasis added]

66 Thus, the court may not only allow a private prosecution for criminal
contempt to proceed despite the AG’s refusal to prosecute, but it may even
institute proceedings for criminal contempt on its own motion, so long as the
requisite procedural safeguards are satisfied.

67 In this case, SCM had not sought the views of the AG before commencing
committal proceedings against Aurol for criminal contempt. It follows that the
present proceedings are procedurally defective. Of course, the court may
exercise its discretion within its inherent jurisdiction to cure such a
procedural irregularity. For the reasons stated at [51] to [55] above, where a
party has failed to consult the AG before commencing criminal contempt
proceedings on its own accord, such discretion to regularise the proceedings
ought, as a general rule, only to be exercised sparingly, and only for
compelling reasons. An example of a compelling reason would be exceptional
urgency (see _Arlidge, Eady & Smith on Contempt_ at para 3-181).

68 No such exceptional circumstances exist in the present case. Indeed the
article in question was published almost two years ago on 13 December 2010.
However, we are also mindful of the fact that this point has not previously
been laid down by the Singapore courts and SCM’s attention would not have been
drawn to these considerations. We therefore proceed to consider the appeal on
the merits.

_Whether the terms of the interim sealing order were ambiguous_

69 We turn to the issue of whether the terms of the interim sealing order were
ambiguous and, if so, whether the Judge erred in relying on extraneous
circumstances including Drew’s letter of 6 December 2010 to dispel the
ambiguity.

70 The Judge found that the purpose of the interim sealing order was clear
based on the surrounding facts and circumstances. In particular, he found that
“what is sought to be protected by the interim order is the eventual ability
of the court to decide whether parties should be prevented from disclosing the
information contained in Wong’s 4th and 5th Affidavits, and the summons” (see
[54] and [55] of the judgment below).

71 Building on the Judge’s findings, SCM argued that the Court’s purpose in
granting the interim sealing order was to preserve the _status quo_ , _ie_ to
ensure that the public remained unaware of:

(i) the fact that SCM had sought to seal Wong’s 4th affidavit;

(ii) the fact that confidential information was contained in Wong’s 4th
affidavit; and

(iii) the manner in which such information could be deployed to the detriment
of SCM.[note: 18]

72 There is no doubt that since the essence of criminal contempt is
interference with the administration of justice, a party who is not directly
bound by an order of court may nonetheless be held liable for criminal
contempt if he acts to deliberately frustrate the purpose of that order (see
_Karaha Bodas_ at [43]). However, as this Court held in _Karaha Bodas_ at
[46]:

... the purpose of the court order concerned depends, in the main, on the
precise terms of that order itself.

73 That the terms of the order form the essential starting point makes
eminently good sense. This is especially so in relation to cases concerning a
third party who is not directly bound by that order because such a party would
have no other point of reference from which to ascertain the court’s purpose
in having granted the order. As Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead observed in
_Attorney General v Punch Ltd and Another_ [2003] 1 AC 1046 at [43]–[46]:

43 ... It is for the court to decide whether the plaintiff's asserted right
needs and should have any, and if so what, interim protection. If the court
orders that pending the trial the defendant shall not do certain acts the
court thereby determines the manner in which, in this respect, the proceedings
shall be conducted. This is the court's determination on what interim
protection is needed and is appropriate. Third parties are required to respect
this determination, as expressed in the court’s order. The reason why the
court grants interim protection is to protect the plaintiff’s asserted right.
**_But the manner in which this protection is afforded depends upon the terms
of the interlocutory injunction._** The purpose the court seeks to achieve by
granting the interlocutory injunction is that, pending a decision by the court
on the claims in the proceedings, the restrained acts shall not be done. Third
parties are in contempt of court if they wilfully interfere with the
administration of justice by thwarting the achievement of _this_ purpose in
_those_ proceedings.

44 This is so, even if in the particular case, the injunction is drawn in
seemingly over-wide terms. The remedy of the third party whose conduct is
affected by the order is to apply to the court for the order to be varied.
Furthermore, there will be no contempt unless the act done has some
significant and adverse effect on the administration of justice in the
proceedings. This tempers the rigour of the principle.

45 Departure from this straightforward approach runs into serious practical
difficulties. **_If, in this context, the purpose of the court in granting an
interlocutory injunction means something other than the effect its terms show
it was intended to have between the parties, how is a third party to know what
it is? How is a third party to know what is the purpose, which he must
respect, if it is something other than the purpose evident on the face of the
order?_** Uncertainty is bound to follow, with consequential difficulties in
proving that a third party knowingly impeded or prejudiced the purpose the
court sought to achieve when granting the injunction. I see no justification
or need to go down this route, which is not supported by authority.

46 This discussion does, of course, underline how important it is for courts
to seek to ensure that injunctions are not drawn in wider terms than
necessary. This is of particular importance when the terms of the injunction
may, in practice, affect the conduct of third parties.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

74 In other words, while the court will not go so far as to demand absolute
precision in the drafting of the terms of an order before criminal contempt
can be found, yet those terms must be sufficiently certain such that a third
party whose conduct is under scrutiny, would reasonably be taken to be in a
position to ascertain its purpose upon perusing it. As Lord Oliver of
Aylmerton noted in _Attorney General v Times Newspapers Ltd and Another_
[1992] 1 AC 191 (“the _Spycatcher_ case”) at 223F:

... Where there is room for genuine doubt about what the court’s purpose is,
then the party charged with contempt is likely to escape liability, not
because of failure to prove the actus reus but for want of the necessary mens
rea, for an intention to frustrate the purpose of the court would be difficult
to establish if the purpose itself was not either known or obvious. ...

75 It follows that the starting point for the inquiry in the present case
would be the terms of the interim sealing order in order to ascertain whether
that gives a clear indication as to what the AR’s purpose was in granting the
order.

76 As previously noted, the order was issued by the AR on the backing page of
SUM 5659; it was never extracted by either party in accordance with the usual
procedure. Accordingly, the annotations made by the AR on the backing page
constitute the only reference point for determining what the terms of the
order are. For ease of reference, we set out the AR’s annotations again:

Bernette Meyer and Mr Issac Lum for Pf

PC: Application is for the sealing of an affidavit that my client has filed a
week before, on 26 Nov 2010. And also any further affidavits filed in this
Suit which refers to a exhibit WWS-47 in that affidavit. Other side expected
to file an affidavit this Friday. Seeking an urgent hearing date for this
sealing application. _And also to ask that in the interim, before that
hearing, for this affidavit to be sealed such that non-parties to the suit
cannot inspect the affidavit._ We asked for consent to the sealing last week
but did not receive.

Ct: Application fixed for Friday 10 December 2010 on the usual OS SUMS list at
9am. _In the interim (till the hearing of the application), Mr Wong Weng Sun’s
5_ th _supporting affidavit dated 26 November 2010, together with the summons_
, are to be sealed as against non-parties to the Suit. To serve on all
parties.

[emphasis added]

77 It is undisputed that the AR was mistaken when she referred to Wong’s 5th
affidavit dated 26 November 2010: Wong’s 5th affidavit was dated 3 December
2010 and it was Wong’s 4th affidavit that was dated 26 November 2010. _Prima
facie_ , this gives rise to some ambiguity as to whether the AR intended to
seal Wong’s 4th affidavit or his 5th affidavit. The question then is whether
by looking at the AR’s annotations as a whole it is possible to resolve this
ambiguity.

78 According to the AR’s annotations of what transpired during the hearing, Ms
Meyer had first described the nature of her application under SUM 5659 as
being “for the sealing of an affidavit that my client has filed _before_ , on
26 Nov 2010”, _ie_ Wong’s 4th affidavit, as well as any other affidavits filed
in the suit which refers to exhibit WWS-47 in Wong’s 4th affidavit. At no
point does it appear that Ms Meyer mentioned Wong’s 5th affidavit. It was then
further noted by the AR that Ms Meyer had asked that “in the interim, before
that hearing, for _this_ affidavit to be sealed such that non-parties to the
suit cannot inspect the affidavit.” On a plain reading, the reference to
_this_ affidavit appears to be a reference to the affidavit that had been
referred to in the first sentence, _ie_ Wong’s 4th affidavit.

79 Against this, however, it was contended by SCM that the AR’s subsequent use
of the words “ _supporting_ affidavit” (emphasis added) suggests that she
intended to seal Wong’s 5th affidavit. Reference was made by SCM to Prayer 1
of SUM 5659 which reads as follows:

that the file relating to this Summons and all its contents including the
supporting affidavit be sealed.

80 According to SCM, since “supporting affidavit” in Prayer 1 of SUM 5659
referred to the 5th affidavit, the AR must similarly have been referring to
the 5th affidavit in her order. However, we note that in the very same
sentence, the AR had referenced 26 November 2010 as the date of the affidavit
she evidently intended to seal and this is the date on which the 4th affidavit
was filed. This suggests that the AR might have been looking at the 4th
affidavit while drafting her order (which seems to be the only or at least
most plausible explanation for how and why she referenced the date).

81 In our view, the most that can be said about the terms of the interim
sealing order, on its face, is that it was and remains ambiguous as to which
affidavit the AR was referring to. Indeed, the Judge below acknowledged as
much at [44] and [55] of the judgment. However, the Judge relied on the
surrounding facts and circumstances, and in particular, Drew’s letter of 6
December 2010 and on this basis went on to conclude that the ambiguity had
been sufficiently dispelled.

82 As noted above at [9], SCM’s solicitors had written to Straits Law, the
solicitors for the defendants in Suit 351 on 6 December 2010, informing them
that:

... the Court has granted an interim order that until the hearing of the
Summons, the Summons itself and the 5th Affidavit of Mr Wong Weng Sun ... be
sealed ...

83 The Judge found that this letter, to which Aurol’s attention had been
drawn, was sufficient to dispel any ambiguity in the order itself.

84 With respect, we consider that in making this finding the Judge fell into
error. Drew’s letter of 6 December 2010 could not possibly have clarified any
ambiguity that was inherent in the AR’s order. At its highest, the letter
could only have set out Drew’s understanding of the order, though even then it
is noteworthy that neither Ms Meyer nor Mr Lum, who were the attending lawyers
before the AR filed an affidavit deposing to their understanding of the terms
of the interim sealing order. But the key point is that Drew’s subjective
interpretation of the meaning of the interim sealing order could not and
should not have had any bearing in determining what the AR’s decision and her
purpose in making the order had been. Indeed, given that the terms of the
interim sealing order were ambiguous, it is not unlikely that the lawyers
concerned could themselves have misinterpreted the order. Put simply, Drew’s
letter of 6 December 2010 might reveal what the lawyers from Drew believed;
and also what they conveyed to Straits Law; even what was conveyed to Aurol by
Straits Law; and even what Aurol believed. But it can shed no light on what
the AR intended or what her purpose had been in making the order and unless
that is clear beyond any reasonable doubt the conviction cannot stand.

85 The note of Ms Meyer’s appearance suggests that during the hearing, mention
was made of sealing one affidavit only. According to SCM, Ms Meyer had asked
for an interim sealing order _vis-à-vis_ the summons and Wong’s 5th affidavit,
but not Wong’s 4th affidavit. This does not seem entirely logical to us
because it was the latter, and only the latter, which contained the
confidential information about the SCM Group’s foreign exchange hedging
policies. We asked Mr Singh during oral arguments what interest SCM would have
had in sealing Wong’s 5th affidavit. Mr Singh replied that Wong’s 5th
affidavit explained in detail how information in Wong’s 4th affidavit could be
used to SCM’s detriment. According to him, without Wong’s 5th affidavit, no
one would have known of the significance of Wong’s 4th affidavit.

86 This may be so, but, Mr Singh did not go as far as to say that the 5th
affidavit itself contains confidential information. Moreover, if we accept his
response at face value, then it would seem the sealing application was
superfluous since until Wong’s 5th affidavit had been filed, the information
contained in Wong’s 4th affidavit would have remained in the file without
attracting any attention. In our view, this seems unlikely if not untenable.
Ultimately, Wong’s 5th affidavit is _descriptive_ in nature in that it merely
_describes_ in a general sense what type of confidential information is
contained in the 4th affidavit and how it could be used to SCM’s detriment; it
does not itself contain the confidential information that SCM really wanted to
protect. On balance, our view is that if SCM was seeking protection at that
stage for only one affidavit, it was more likely than not to have been Wong’s
4th affidavit.

87 In addition, according to Aurol’s affidavit filed on 18 July 2011[note: 19]
(“Aurol’s 18th July 2010 affidavit”) at para 22, in the course of a telephone
conversation on 1 December 2010 between Ms Valerie Ang of Straits Law, who was
one of the solicitors for the defendants in Suit 351, and Ms Meyer, Ms Meyer
had asked Ms Ang for PPLH’s consent to seal Wong’s 4th affidavit. Ms Ang was
unable to obtain instructions to consent. As a result, SCM then filed SUM 5659
on 6 December 2010. This is further corroborated by the AR’s annotations,
where the AR recorded Ms Meyer as saying “We asked for consent to the sealing
last week but did not receive”.

88 It is also corroborated by a letter sent by Straits Law to Drew on 16
December 2010.[note: 20] This was a letter from Straits Law stating that while
they were happy to agree to a sealing order, the sealing order ought to be
limited in scope to the confidential portions of Wong’s 4th affidavit. For
present purposes, the following statements by Straits Law in the letter bear
highlighting:

Our clients note that your client’s position on sealing has been modified and
clarified since your initial request made over the telephone on 1 December
2010.

During that telephone conversation, your Bernette Meyer had explained that
_your client wanted your reply affidavit and any response from our clients to
the reply affidavit referring to any documents in the reply affidavit to be
sealed on the ground that it contained confidential information or information
not publicly available, such as PPL Shipyard’s minutes of meetings._

[emphasis added]

89 The fact that all the surrounding references to sealing appear to have been
to Wong’s 4th affidavit was yet another factor suggesting that this was the
affidavit that was the subject of the interim sealing order; but the position
is not clear because of the other references to the “5th supporting affidavit”
in the note of the order itself. On the whole, the interim sealing order was
ambiguous in our view.

90 The Judge did also state at [41] of the judgment below as follows:

Whatever else Mr Aurol says about the mistaken reference to the number of the
affidavit and the date ascribed to it, he cannot deny that the interim sealing
order in relation to Summons 5659 was clear and unambiguous.

We agree.

91 At para 37 of Aurol’s 18 July 2011 affidavit, Aurol offered this
explanation in relation to the disclosure of SUM 5659:

I never had any intention of breaching the Interim Order or thwarting or
frustrating its purpose. With regard to the summons, I did not realise it had
been sealed.

92 It is evident that Aurol’s explanation in relation to the summons itself is
a bald statement that admits the breach but asserts an absence of deliberate
intent. It cannot possibly exculpate him. However, we think that Lord Reid’s
admonition in _Times Newspapers_ at 298–299 is apposite:

I think the true view is that expressed by Lord Parker C.J. in _Reg. v Duffy,
Ex parte Nash_ [1960] 2 Q.B. 188, 200, that there must be “a real risk, as
opposed to a remote possibility.”That is an application of the ordinary _de
minimis_ principle. There is no contempt if the possibility of influence is
remote. If there is some but only a small likelihood, that may influence the
court to refrain from inflicting any punishment. If there is a serious risk
some action may be necessary. ...

93 The foregoing words of Lord Reid were cited with approval by this Court in
_Shadrake Alan v Attorney-General_ [2011] 3 SLR 778, where it was held at [30]
that:

We would add that,  _even if_ the Judge had indeed held the view that “a small
likelihood” of risk constituted a real risk (a view which we disagree with for
the reason stated in [28] above), such a “small likelihood” of risk would
merely be a “technical” contempt that may not even attract any sanction at all
(see Lord Reid's view in _Times Newspapers_ at 299, and also _Shadrake_ 1 at
[77]). Such a situation would be a highly borderline or marginal case of
contempt and, viewed from the perspective of substance and even practical
principle, might not even merit the initiation of contempt proceedings by the
Respondent in the first place.

94 In both cases, it was made clear that if the nature of the contempt was
such that there is no real likelihood that any risk to the public interest
would materialise, the court will be slow to inflict punishment. In the
present case, we think it not irrelevant as has been observed at [85]–[88]
above, that it was only Wong’s 4th affidavit, and not Wong’s 5th affidavit nor
the summons itself, which contained the confidential information that SCM was
seeking to protect. This, coupled with the ambiguity in the interim sealing
order as to whether it was Wong’s 4th affidavit or Wong’s 5th affidavit that
had been sealed, militates against the Court inflicting punishment for the
breach constituted solely in relation to the disclosure of the summons.

95 The Judge also placed some emphasis on Aurol’s background and commercial
experience and his knowledge of the circumstances of the case in the light of
which he concluded that Aurol would have known what the AR’s order was
directed at. With respect, we fail to see how Aurol’s background as an
experienced businessman, even one with a law degree, could have shed light on
what the true purpose and intent of the AR in making the order had been.

96 In our judgment, the Judge focused on Aurol’s actions which showed a
disregard for and a reprehensible indifference to what the Court’s purposes
may have been. The Judge was also mindful of the fact that given the
acrimonious circumstances prevailing in the context of the disputes between
SCM and Aurol’s principals as well as Aurol’s personal involvement in those
disputes, he had every motive to do what he could to undermine SCM’s endeavour
to rectify the situation after they had put themselves in the prejudicial
position of potentially having released important confidential information
into the public domain. We do not disagree with the Judge on those
conclusions. But Aurol’s dishonourable intentions and even his acting upon
those intentions do not constitute a crime if there is a reasonable doubt as
to what the real purpose of the order was. The fact of the matter is that on
the face of the interim sealing order there remains some room for reasonable
doubt as to what its precise purpose was. Given that we are dealing with
proceedings for criminal contempt for which the standard of proof is the
criminal standard of proof beyond a reasonable doubt, this ambiguity ought to
be resolved in Aurol’s favour. To use the words of Lord Denning MR in _In re
Bramblevale Ltd_ [1970] Ch 128 at 137:

A contempt of court is an offence of a criminal character. A man may be sent
to prison for it. It must be satisfactorily proved. To use the time-honoured
phrase, it must be proved beyond reasonable doubt. ...

97 In our judgment this is true in relation to each element of the offence.
Here the offence lies in frustrating the purpose of the order in question and
that purpose must specifically be proven. Accordingly, we find that in respect
of his disclosure of Wong’s 5th affidavit, Aurol ought not to have been found
guilty of criminal contempt. As to his disclosure of the summons, this was
technically a violation but we do not think this alone would carry a real risk
of interference with the administration of justice. We therefore allow Aurol’s
appeal on this ground.

Whether the offence of criminal contempt could be made out in the
circumstances even though the order was a sealing order and not an express
non-disclosure order

98 The foregoing conclusion suffices for the purposes of allowing the appeal.
However, it is important that we also address Aurol’s argument that an interim
sealing order merely prevents the inspection of sealed documents from the
court file and has no relevance where a person who has possession of the
sealed material discloses it to others. According to Aurol, an interim sealing
order does not prevent such disclosure, even by publication of the sealed
documents, because this would not entail the inspection of the court file.
According to Aurol, this follows from the fact that a sealing order is
distinct from a specific non-disclosure order.

99 In our view, this contention is flawed. In proceedings for criminal
contempt, the court will not adopt a myopic and blinkered view of the scope of
an order. It is ultimately the _purpose_ for which the order was granted that
will be the lodestar in guiding the court’s determination as to the true
_effect_ of the order. As Mr Singh submitted, it is precisely for this reason
that in the _Spycatcher_ case at 231B, the Court held that a third party, who
was neither named in the injunction nor had assisted a named party to breach
the order, could nevertheless be found guilty of contempt where he knowingly
acted so as to frustrate the purpose of the order. Thus, while the injunctions
granted by Millett J in the _Spycatcher_ case appeared, on their face, to be
only directed at the parties named in the order, the Court adopted a purposive
approach and found that the _effect_ of the order was also to prevent third
parties such as the defendant from undermining the order by publishing the
materials which were covered by the injunctions. In doing so, the Court (per
Lord Oliver of Aylmerton) found at 223E to 224A that there was no doubt that
the purpose of the injunction “was to preserve, until the trial of the action,
the plaintiff’s right to keep confidential and unpublished” the said
materials.

100 In the same vein, in _Seaward_ (referred to above at [60] and cited by
this Court in _Karaha Bodas_ at [42]), Lindley LJ observed at 555–556 that:

... A motion to commit a man for breach of an injunction, which is technically
wrong unless he is bound by the injunction, is one thing; and a motion to
commit a man for contempt of Court, not because he is bound by the injunction
by being a party to the cause, but because he is conducting himself so as to
obstruct the course of justice, is another and a totally different thing. The
difference is very marked. In the one case the party who is bound by the
injunction is proceeded against for the purpose of enforcing the order of the
Court for the benefit of the person who got it. In the other case _the Court
will not allow its process to be set at naught and treated with contempt_. ...
[emphasis added]

101 This is the same distinction we have already alluded to at [29] above.
While in a narrow sense, the effect of granting the interim sealing order was
that it prevented an individual from inspecting the sealed documents, it was
evident that the AR had intended that the public should not have access to the
confidential information contained in the sealed documents through any other
means. To find otherwise would mean that a party to the proceedings who might
routinely have obtained copies of the sealed materials as well as a non-party
who somehow obtained possession of them could, with impunity, have disclosed
the confidential information to the public in spite of the interim sealing
order. This would not only denude the interim sealing order of all meaning and
effect, but would also allow one, in the words of Lindley LJ, to “set the
court’s process at naught”. By any measure, it would be perverse if such
conduct were not also caught within the ambit of the offence of criminal
contempt provided each element had been satisfactorily proved.

102 In the present case, but for the fact that we have found some ambiguity as
to whether the interim sealing order was directed at Wong’s 4th affidavit or
Wong’s 5th affidavit, we would quite readily have found Aurol’s actions to
have undermined and subverted the AR’s purpose in granting the order. Indeed
Aurol had clearly undermined the purpose of the interim sealing order insofar
as the summons itself was concerned, though we have found that this was a
“technical” violation. Given that the gravamen of the offence is the
intentional impedance of the Court’s purpose, we would not have accepted the
argument that there was no contempt here simply because the interim sealing
order _prima facie_ only prevented inspection of the sealed documents in the
court’s file. There is no doubt that the disclosure of confidential
information contained in the sealed documents had it been done to thwart or
frustrate the purpose of the order would have amounted to criminal contempt.

Costs

103 We have allowed the appeal and now turn to the question of costs. The
power to award costs is fundamentally and essentially one that is
discretionary. Even though the general principle is for costs to follow the
event, the overriding concern of the court must be to exercise its discretion
to achieve the fairest allocation of costs (see _Singapore Court Practice
2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler SC gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009) at para 59/3/2, _Soon
Peng Yam and another (trustees of the Chinese Swimming Club) v Maimon bte
Ahmad_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 279 and _Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave
and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal_ [2009] 4
SLR(R) 155).

104 The court has a very wide discretion in determining what the fairest
allocation of costs is and in this regard it is not confined to considering
the particular outcome of the litigation. In _Lee Seng Choon Ronnie v
Singapore Island Country Club_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 557 (“ _Ronnie Lee_ ”), the
appellant succeeded in his appeal and was found to be entitled to a
declaration that the decision to delete his name from the register of members
of the club was null and void and that he remained at all times a member.
Nonetheless, he was denied the costs of the appeal as well as the costs below.
The Court in _Ronnie Lee_ explained at [31] and [32] that, in doing so, it was
reflecting its disapproval of the appellant’s conduct in failing to pay
relatively small amounts of his club’s bills under the pretext of frequently
travelling abroad or the unauthorised signing of chits by his son, which the
Court said was inexcusable and revealed a cavalier attitude and disregard of
the club’s rules. The Court further observed at [31] that:

His [the appellant’s] denial of having received the notices sent to him by the
club and yet being able to produce to the court the third and final reminder
[effectively the second notice under r 47(e)] claiming it was a file copy
obtained for him by an unnamed friend, when the club did not keep copies of
the second and subsequent reminders, was deplorable.

105 It seems to us that Aurol’s conduct in emailing SUM 5659 and Wong’s 5th
affidavit to Raj is equally deserving of this Court’s opprobrium. Aurol
revealed a reprehensible disregard for the Court and a manifest willingness to
undermine a litigant’s right to avail itself of the Court’s processes. In the
present case, it is undisputed that copies of SUM5659, the interim order,
Wong’s 5th affidavit and Drew’s letter 6 December 2010 had been sent to Aurol
on or before 9 December 2010.[note: 21] It is also undisputed that Aurol had
read these documents before his conversation with Raj. At paras 25, 28 and 29
of Aurol’s 18th July 2010 affidavit, he deposed as follows:

25 On 9 December 2010, I was reading the backing sheet of Summons No.
5659/2010M, which contained the interim order, when I received a telephone
call from Mr Conrad Jayaraj (“Conrad”).

...

28 In the course of our conversation, I mentioned the application by the
Applicant in Summons No. 5659/2010M.

29 _I told Conrad about the application because there was a comment at
Paragraph 21 of Wong Weng Sun’s 5th Affidavit of 3 Dec 2010 about journalists
which I thought would interest him._

[emphasis added]

106 Specifically, in relation to Drew’s letter of 6 December 2010, at para 34
of Aurol’s 18th July 2010 affidavit,[note: 22] he deposed to the following:

Drew & Napier LLC has referred to the contents of their letter of 6 December
2010 to Straits Law Practice LLC, but this letter was not within my
contemplation when I spoke to Conrad on 9 December 2010. _I received this
letter, but had not read it in detail._ All along, I acted under the belief
that it was the 4th Affidavit of Wong Weng Sun which the Applicant had sought
to seal.[emphasis added]

107 Thus, Aurol’s position was that he received the letter but “had not read
it in detail”. However, as the Judge pointed out at [62] of the judgment
below:

... Nowhere does he explain what he understood that letter to mean, or
otherwise explains why, having read it, he thought it was irrelevant or forgot
all about it. The letter was a short one-page, three-paragraph,
straightforward letter; there was nothing complex about its contents and it
involved an application which the Defendants [in Suit 351] had to decide
whether to contest or agree to. Why the contents of that important letter were
not in his contemplation when he spoke to Mr Raj is also not explained nor
elaborated upon. I do not even categorise that as an explanation, because I
read this as a bald and evasive statement.

108 Indeed, given that Aurol had read the summons, the interim order and
Wong’s 5th affidavit in enough detail for him to even be aware of what para 21
of Wong’s 5th affidavit said about journalists, it is inconceivable that he
would not also have read Drew’s letter of 6 December 2010 with equal
attention. That letter directly contradicted his supposed belief that it was
Wong’s 4th affidavit that had been sealed. Likewise, the use of the words “5th
supporting affidavit” in the interim sealing order ought, at least, to have
given him cause for pause. While these factors do not resolve the ambiguity
that was inherent in the order and so do not establish just what the AR’s
intention had been, they do shed light on Aurol’s attitude and his intentions
and more specifically his wanton disregard for the due processes of the Court.

109 The only proper thing for Aurol to have done in these circumstances would
have been to clarify the proper ambit of the order before emailing SUM 5659
and Wong’s 5th affidavit to Raj on 10 December 2010. He did not do this and
his actions, though not amounting to a crime, reveal a reprehensible disregard
for the Court and for the order that had been made.

110 The circumstances before and after the publication of the Today article
also reveal the lack of probity in Aurol’s conduct.

111 Aurol claimed that he did not ask Raj to keep his identity confidential
when he sent him the summons and Wong’s 5th Affidavit. [note: 23] This was
contradicted by Raj’s affidavit filed on 23 February 2011 in OS 74 of 2011 (at
para 27), in which Raj deposed to the contrary. The fact that Mediacorp
resisted the disclosure of the source sought by SCM in OS 74 of 2011, both
before the AR and the High Court, lends credence to Raj’s version of the
events.

112 In any event, the matter might have been clarified if Aurol had simply
disclosed the email he sent to Raj. However, Aurol claimed he was unable to do
so as he had supposedly deleted the email from his computer, and was unable to
retrieve it from the internet service provider.

113 Aurol’s disclosure of the information to Raj, who was not only a
journalist but one who had earlier written an article in Today about the on-
going dispute in Suit 351, adds to the dark cloud that hangs over Aurol’s
conduct. In particular, it may be noted that Aurol had specifically drawn
Raj’s attention to para 21 of Wong’s 5th affidavit, which explicitly states
that one of the reasons for the sealing order was the high possibility that
journalists might seek to examine the affidavits to find material for news
articles. The Judge had likened this to “waving a red cloth in front of a bull
and expecting it to ignore the instigation”.

114 Aurol’s furtive conduct throughout the entire episode also belies his
claim that his disclosure to Raj was entirely innocuous. By a letter dated 14
December 2010 from Drew to Mediacorp, Drew had requested Mediacorp to reveal
the source of the leak of information to Raj. If Aurol’s claim that he and Raj
were old friends is to be believed, Raj must have told Aurol about Drew’s
request. However, Aurol chose not to come forward. It was only after SCM filed
proceedings against Mediacorp seeking disclosure of the source and after the
AR’s decision on 7 March 2011 ordering Mediacorp to reveal the source had been
upheld on appeal by the High Court on 31 March 2011 and another Today Article
had been published on 2 April 2011[note: 24], stating that Mediacorp had been
ordered to disclose the identity of the source, that Aurol finally surfaced on
6 April 2011 to reveal himself as the source and apologise “for breaching the
interim order” (see [16] above). If his apology is to be taken at face value
as a sincere expression of his contrition, then it appears that Aurol
evidently believed his actions had been in breach of the order.

115 For all these reasons, although we allow Aurol’s appeal we register our
disapproval of his conduct by not awarding him the costs of the appeal. Each
party will bear its own costs of the appeal. We also do not disturb the order
of costs that was made by the Judge in favour of SCM in the proceedings below.

* * *

[note: 1]See Wong’s 5th Affidavit at para 7 (Found at Appellant’s Core Bundle
Vol 2, Tab 5).

[note: 2]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol 2, Tab 4.

[note: 3]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol 2, Tab 7.

[note: 4]See Respondent’s Supplementary Core Bundle at 82–83, 86.

[note: 5]_Ibid_.

[note: 6]1st Affidavit of Aurol filed for OS 465 of 2011 at para 25; but
corrected by para 35 of Appellant’s Case.

[note: 7]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol 2, Tab 9.

[note: 8]See [41] of the judgment below.

[note: 9]See [43] of the judgment below.

[note: 10]See [44] and [47] of the judgment below.

[note: 11]See [55] of the judgment below.

[note: 12]See [63] of the judgment below.

[note: 13]See [63]–[66] of the judgment below.

[note: 14]See [69]–[71] of the judgment below.

[note: 15]See [83] and [86] of the judgment below.

[note: 16]See paras 137 and 138 of the Appellant’s Case.

[note: 17]See para 487 of the Respondent’s Case.

[note: 18]See Respondent’s Case at para 254.

[note: 19]See Respondent’s Supplementary Core Bundle at 79.

[note: 20]See Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol 2, Tab 11.

[note: 21]See Respondent’s Supplementary Core Bundle at 82-83, 86.

[note: 22]See Respondent’s Supplementary Core Bundle at 88.

[note: 23]See para 36 of Aurol’s 18th July 2010 affidavit.

[note: 24]See Respondent’s Supplementary Core Bundle at 17.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jan 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

