Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Li Siu Lun _v_ Looi Kok Poh and another  
[2013] SGHCR 27

Case Number| :| Suit No 245 of 2009/W (NA 21 of 2012/V)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Jordan Tan AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Roderick Edward Martin SC, Eugene Nai, Ooi Jian Yuan
(Martin & Partners) instructed by Tan-Goh Song Gek Alice (A C Fergusson Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff; Lek Siang Pheng, Audrey Chiang, June Hong
(Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Li Siu Lun — Looi Kok Poh and another  
  
14 November 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Jordan Tan AR:

Introduction

1 The 2nd defendant, Gleneagles Hospital (“Gleneagles”), consented to an
interlocutory judgment entered in favour of the plaintiff, Mr Li Siu Lun (“Mr
Li”), for a claim in the tort of conspiracy. The proceedings before me were
for the assessment of damages between Mr Li and Gleneagles. The claim between
Mr Li and the 1st defendant, Dr Looi Kok Poh (“Dr Looi”) has been settled.

Background

2 Mr Li is a British citizen but is resident in Hong Kong. He speaks no
English and gave his testimony in Cantonese with the aid of an interpreter. He
is self-employed and trades in property and stocks. He had sought treatment
from Dr Looi who was operating a clinic at Gleneagles. He had consented to a
single surgical procedure, namely, “tenolysis of the right hand”. On the day
of the surgery, 26 April 2006, however, another procedure, namely, “ulnar
neurolysis and repair”, was performed in addition to the original procedure Mr
Li had consented to. His consent form was also doctored to add the words “and
ulnar neurolysis and repair” even though he had given no consent to such a
surgery. He emerged from the procedure with his hand in a worse condition:
post-surgery he could not even straighten his little finger.

3 Mr Li filed a suit against Dr Looi and Gleneagles. He did not know for
certain at the time what had transpired but he suspected that his consent form
had been doctored. Even though he could not read English, he surmised that the
consent form had been altered because of the additional words.

4 Both defendants resisted the suit. Mr Li sought to find out the truth by
making an application to the court for a Gleneagles nurse, Ms Chew Soo San
(“Ms Chew”), to answer various questions. The defendants resisted that
application. Mr Li succeeded and the truth emerged from Ms Chew’s answer to
the interrogatories. Ms Chew had altered the consent form without Mr Li’s
knowledge but she had done so under the instruction of Dr Looi.

5 In the light of this, Dr Looi applied for judgment to be entered against
himself and the claim between Mr Li and Dr Looi was settled. Gleneagles,
however, persisted in its defence. The evidence showed that Gleneagles had
conducted an investigation sometime after the surgery. Although not much has
been revealed about the investigation, a Gleneagles Group Senior Manager, Mrs
Ruth Quek had sent an internal email dated 27 August 2007 to other staff
stating that:

Relating to the amended consent form.

Pt’s name Li Siu Lun

Attending doctor is Dr Looi Kok Poh

We need a report from S/N Chew Soo Sen [_sic_] on exactly what happened…from
what I heard, Dr Looi took the consent form to her for amendment. …We have
reported the case to our insurers.

…

6 Therefore, it is a reasonable inference that Gleneagles was already aware of
the fact that the consent form had been altered by the end of August 2007 and
as Mr Roderick Martin SC, counsel for the Mr Li, put it, even if the
investigations are still on-going to-date, a position Gleneagles takes, it
would have known that the consent form had been altered at the time this email
had been drafted and certainly at the time when this action was initiated. In
cross-examining the Gleneagles representatives, Mr Martin had sought to pursue
a line of questioning to find out if the lawyers for Gleneagles also knew the
truth when Gleneagles had filed its defence and resisted the application for
interrogatories to be served on Ms Chew. I disallowed this line of questioning
as the communications between Gleneagles and its lawyers are privileged.

7 I should also note that although Gleneagles had persisted in its defence, at
the trial, it consented in September 2011 to interlocutory judgment being
entered against it. I turn now to set out my decision on the assessment of
damages.

My decision

Damages for legal costs incurred for the application for interrogatories to be
served on Ms Chew

8 Mr Li claims $25,000 in legal costs for the application it had taken out for
interrogatories to be served on Ms Chew as well as the $1,500 in legal costs
he was ordered to pay her. Mr Li relies on the rule laid out in _Ganesan
Carlose & Partners v Lee Siew Chun_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 358 (“ _Garnesan Carlose_
”) that a plaintiff is entitled to claim his legal costs incurred in other
proceedings if such proceedings were necessitated by the defendant’s wrong.

9 I agree with Gleneagles’ argument that the rule in _Garnesan Carlose_
applies only to legal costs incurred in _other proceedings_. The rationale for
this limitation is that the legal costs for the proceedings before the court,
as distinguished from a separate set of proceedings, is for the court seized
of the matter to decide. Where the costs of the proceedings before the court
are in issue, the court may decide it as part of the ordinary course of the
proceedings. It is not necessary for such costs to be claimed as damages and
therefore the rule in _Garnesan Carlose_ is so limited (see also the Court of
Appeal’s explanation of the rationale in _Garnesan Carlose_ at [19]).

10 Mr Li had also argued that the assessment of damages proceedings should be
construed as “other proceedings”. In making this argument, he relies on the
following passage in _Garnesan Carlose_ at [19]:

… Where costs are incurred by a plaintiff in other proceedings as a result of
the defendant's wrongdoing, there is no possibility of the plaintiff
recovering those costs from the defendant in those other proceedings. Subject
to the principle of remoteness, such a claim has to be by way of a subsequent
action with the costs incurred in those other proceedings being a claim in
damages….

11 I am unable to accept Mr Li’s contention that the assessment of damages
proceedings constitutes “other proceedings”. It is an unarguable proposition.
An assessment of damages is very much a part of the proceedings on the
determination of liability and the bifurcation of the proceedings does not
make it “other proceedings”. Mr Li’s contention breaks down when one considers
a case where there is no bifurcation and the assessment of damages and
liability are determined at the trial. There is no magic in bifurcation. It
does not make the assessment of damages proceedings “other proceedings” for
the purposes of the rule in _Garnesan Carlose_. The Court of Appeal also
expressly referred (at [19]) to the taking up of a “subsequent action” in
making the claim for legal costs of the other proceedings. Finally, I should
note that there have been mixed developments in the commonwealth pertaining to
the cognate rule to that in _Garnesan Carlose_ on the recoverability of costs
in previous proceedings as damages in fresh proceedings (see _McGregor on
Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2009), Chapter 17). It arises in
situations where, for example, A brings an action against B for breach of
contract but conducts itself in such a way in the proceedings to suppress
evidence to B’s detriment which B had to ward off, incurring additional legal
costs. B may bring a separate claim in subsequent proceedings against A on the
basis of A’s conduct in the previous proceedings. It is an interesting
discussion but it is not in issue before this court and so I comment no
further save as to highlight it.

12 Where the costs of the interrogatories application is concerned, while of
course the decision of the court on costs for the application for
interrogatories to be served on Ms Chew was made before the truth emerged in
Ms Chew’s answers to the interrogatories so that there is reason to revisit
this costs order, this would be within the province of the trial judge. Again,
the rule in _Ganesan Carlose_ is not applicable to grant Mr Li damages for the
legal costs expended for that application.

13 Before the trial judge, Gleneagles and Mr Li consented to an interlocutory
judgment which stated as follows:

1\. the 2nd Defendant is liable to the Plaintiff for its nurse adding the
words “and ulnar neurolysis and repair” to the “Consent for Operation or
Procedure” form dated 26 April 2006 after the surgery on the Plaintiff and
supplying a copy of the said form to the Plaintiff on 12 September 2007
without informing the Plaintiff of such addition,

2\. the Plaintiff’s damages thereon be assessed; and

3\. costs be awarded to the Plaintiff.

14 It is clear from the terms of this consent judgment that the parties had
agreed that the costs of the action between Gleneagles and Mr Li would be paid
by Gleneagles to Mr Li. The costs would be assessed on a standard basis (see O
59 r 27 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed Sing)).

15 Because the rule in _Garnesan Carlose_ is inapplicable for the reasons I
had already stated, Mr Li has to abide by the interlocutory judgment to which
he had consented and which is determinative of the issue of costs of the
action.

16 Mr Li had also advanced the alternative argument that he can also claim his
legal costs for the interrogatories application under O 59 r 3(5) of the Rules
of Court which provides that a party who refuses or neglects to admit a fact
under a Notice to Admit Facts served on him under O 27 r 2 shall pay the costs
of proving that fact, unless the court orders otherwise. In my view, this was
a viable argument but is extinguished by the parties’ decision to consent to
the interlocutory judgment which is clear in its disposal of the costs of the
action and which makes no alteration to the extant costs order for the
interrogatory application.

Damages for legal costs incurred in proceedings against Dr Looi

17 Mr Li also claims $45,000 to $66,000 in legal costs incurred in proceeding
against Dr Looi which is the difference between the costs he had expended and
the costs he may recover as party-and-party costs against Dr Looi.

18 Mr Li had sought to ground this head of damages on an alleged breach of a
common law right of access to medical records fortified by Regulation 12 of
the Private Hospital and Medical Clinics Regulations which imposes on the
hospital a duty of maintaining proper medical records. Gleneagles argues in
its written submissions that this claim was never pleaded. I agree with Mr Li
that this claim was pleaded in paragraph 62 and 64(a) of the statement of
claim (amendment no 5). For example, paragraph 62 provided as follows:

In pursuance of the said conspiracy (by unlawful means or otherwise), the
Defendants did the following overt acts, namely, in breach of (A) the
provisions of the Act and Regulations which require the 2nd Defendants to keep
proper and accurate medical records; …

(d) The 2nd Defendants failed to inform the Plaintiff that (A) the Operation
Consent Form was amended with an additional procedure and (B) that the other
medical records of the Plaintiffs were amended/altered/exchanged/switched or
otherwise falsified by the 1st Defendant during all material correspondences
with the Plaintiff…

19 However, in making this claim, Mr Li is seeking damages for legal costs
expended in the present proceedings on the basis of a breach of a common law
right of access to medical records. Again, these are costs incurred in these
proceedings and for the reasons I had already stated are not allowed to be
recovered as damages in the same proceedings. This issue is within the
province of the trial judge in deciding costs and the judge had already
recorded a consent interlocutory judgment which makes provision for costs.

Compensatory damages

20 Although Mr Li fails in his claim for damages for legal costs, it is beyond
question that Gleneagles’ conspiracy had cost him pecuniary loss. Mr Li had to
expend efforts to uncover the truth concealed by Gleneagles which had, even at
a time when it knew the truth, provided him with the altered consent form
without telling him that it had been altered. Mr Li is self-employed. I will
award him general damages for the time he had expended in uncovering the
truth. Mr Li had only alluded to this and not put in evidence in its fullness
on this issue as he was focused on his claim for legal costs. That being so,
this does not disqualify him from a claim for pecuniary loss on the basis that
he had expended time to uncover the truth. However, because Mr Li had not put
in the evidence in its fullness on this issue, I will award him damages of
$10,000, which works out to approximately $2,500 for each year of his time
that he had expended in uncovering the truth. This is a modest amount
considering the time he had expended from 2007 to the time the consent
interlocutory judgment was entered into to uncover the truth in September
2011. Having awarded Mr Li compensatory damages of $10,000, I turn to consider
his claim for aggravated damages.

Aggravated damages

21 Mr Li claims aggravated damages of $200,000 or more. To claim aggravated
damages, the plaintiff needs to show that there is contumelious or exceptional
conduct or motive on the part of the defendant and that the plaintiff suffered
an intangible loss, injury to personality or mental distress as the case may
be (see _Tan Harry v Teo Chee Yeow Aloysius_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 513 at [82]).
Generally, in actions in tort, where damages are at large, aggravated damages
may be awarded (see Andrew Tettenborn, _The Law of Damages_ (London:
LexisNexis UK, 2010 at [2.22]).

22 I accept Mr Li’s argument that Gleneagles’ act of giving him the consent
form without informing him that it had been altered as well as failing to
reveal the truth to him all the way up to the point in time of the entering of
the interlocutory judgment is an exceptional act which justifies the granting
of aggravated damages. Although Mr Li also relied on Gleneagles’ conduct in
the assessment of damages subsequent to the entering of the consent
interlocutory judgment, there is nothing to this. After Gleneagles admitted
liability, I found that there was nothing aggravating in its conduct in the
assessment of damages proceedings before me. Gleneagles through its
representatives simply maintained that it did not reveal the truth to Mr Li
because the matter had been referred to the legal department which then
dictated the actions and the position the hospital had to take. The cross-
examination of Mr Li was also hardly as relentless as counsel for Mr Li had
suggested. A perusal of the transcript will show this. Therefore, the basis of
my granting of aggravated damages lies on the acts which precede the entering
of the interlocutory judgment.

23 As for Mr Li’s mental distress and anguish, it may be summarised in the
following way. Mr Li’s appreciation of Singapore’s reputation was such that he
had taken the propriety and transparency of one of Singapore’s premier private
hospitals as a given. He had expected the same high standards of its doctors.
After he had undergone the botched surgery and had suspected that the consent
form was altered, he had expected the hospital to come clean with the truth.
Instead, the hospital handed him an altered consent form without telling him
that it had been altered. The hospital continued to hide the truth from Mr Li
for the years following the operation up to the bringing of the action. Even
after the action was brought, the hospital still did not reveal the truth and
in fact resisted Mr Li’s attempts to uncover the truth by resisting Mr Li’s
application for interrogatories to be served on Ms Chew. In this entire
process, Mr Li had tried to confide in his friends who instead laughed at him
and exclaimed that such a cover-up was not possible in Singapore. The entire
episode made Mr Li become more withdrawn. He could not believe that this was
happening to him. He started to distrust doctors and hospitals. He persisted
in bringing the action because he wanted the truth to be uncovered. He also
wanted the hospital to be accountable and to prevent this from happening to
another person.

24 Mr Li broke down on the stand when he explained that he was worried that
this would happen to his wife and child. After all, if it could happen to him,
it could happen to anyone. He also explained that he was able to persist in
bringing the suit because he had the financial means to do so and he could
imagine that if it had happened to another patient who was not of equal means,
the injustice would go unpunished. Mr Li also made it clear that he had not
brought the suit for the money. He brought this suit so that the hospital
would not repeat its actions with any other person who may not have the means
to take legal action against the hospital. Mr Li also said that he would
donate whatever damages he could recover to charity after deducting the legal
costs he had incurred.

25 Whether Mr Li will donate the damages he recovers to charity or not is
irrelevant to me in the making of my decision. But his statements and the
sincerity of his testimony in totality convinced me that he had truly suffered
great mental anguish and distress and for a protracted period of time from
June 2007 to the time when the consent interlocutory judgment was entered.
That is approximately 4 years. It is important to note that despite the
differences in the views of the expert witnesses hired by the parties as to Mr
Li’s mental state, both doctors agreed that Mr Li had a form of reactive
depression.

26 I award Mr Li $240,000 in aggravated damages for his mental distress. It is
difficult to compare Mr Li’s case with the plethora of defamation cases
referred to by counsel in which aggravated damages were granted. Instead, I
found the case of _Kay Swee Pin v Singapore Island Country Club_ [2008] SGHC
143 (“ _Kay Swee Pin_ ”) more appropriate for comparison. In that case, the
plaintiff was wrongfully suspended as member of the Singapore Island Country
Club for one year on the ground that she had falsely declared one Mr Ng Yong
Yeam as her husband and so afforded him the privilege of using club facilities
even before 2005 when they did not have a marriage certificate. The notice of
her suspension was posted all over the club premises for the full year. She
was eventually vindicated in court and was awarded $40,000 for the mental
distress suffered for the events leading up to and including the one year in
which her membership at the Singapore Island Country Club was wrongfully
suspended. Although she was awarded $40,000 as damages for mental distress and
not aggravated damages per se, I found the sense of injustice visited upon her
and the consequent mental distress to be, while not perfectly commensurate
with that experienced by Mr Li, at least within the same spectrum of
comparison and certainly a better yardstick than the defamation cases referred
to by counsel. As I had stated, as compared to the plaintiff in _Kay Swee Pin_
, Mr Li had suffered even greater anguish and for a more protracted period
from 2007 until the interlocutory judgment was entered in September 2011.
Furthermore, unlike in _Kay Swee Pin_ where there was not enough evidence of
the plaintiff’s mental distress, I found it abundant in the present case (and
I have summarised the account given by Mr Li which I had accepted above at
[23]-[25]).

27 In the circumstances, I award Mr Li $240,000 for aggravated damages which
works out to approximately $60,000 per year in which he had to bear the
anguish of trying to uncover the truth. Of course, the complexion and the
intensity of his mental distress and anguish will vary within that time period
but the damages for the totality of his mental distress and anguish I found it
appropriate to quantify at $240,000.

Punitive damages

28 Mr Li seeks punitive damages of $500,000. Mr Li relies on the decision of
the House of Lords in _Rookes v Barnard_ [1964] AC 1129 (“ _Rookes_ ”) which
laid out the three categories of cases for which punitive damages may be
granted: first, oppressive, arbitrary or unconstitutional action by servants
of the government; second, wrongful conduct which has been calculated by the
defendant to make a profit for himself which may exceed the compensation
payable to the plaintiff; and where punitive awards are expressly authorised
by statute. Counsel for Mr Li pointed out that Prakash J in _Afro-Asia
Shipping Company (Pte) Ltd v Da Zhong Investment Pte Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 117
opined that _Rookes_ is good law in Singapore. However, counsel also conceded
that the Court of Appeal more recently has left open the position on punitive
damages in _MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd and another v Fish & Co Restaurants Pte
Ltd and another appeal_ [2011] 1 SLR 150 (“ _MFM Restaurants_ ”).

29 In _MFM Restaurants_ , the Court of Appeal repeated (at [53]) the following
observations of the High Court in _CHS CPO GmbH v Vikas Goel_ [2005] 3 SLR(R)
202 (“ _Vikas Goel_ ”):

65 … Indeed, the rather limited circumstances under which exemplary damages
will be granted under English (and, presumably, Singapore) law appears to be
in a state of transition, even flux (compare, for example, the House of Lords
decisions of _Rookes v Barnard_ [1964] AC 1129 and _Cassell & Co Ltd v Broome_
[1972] AC 1027 on the one hand with both the House of Lords decision of
_Kuddus v Chief Constable of Leicestershire Constabulary_ [2002] 2 AC 122 and
the New Zealand Privy Council decision of _A v Bottrill_ [2003] 1 AC 449 on
the other; further reference may be made to the English Law Commission's
Report on Aggravated, Exemplary and Restitutionary Damages (Law Com No 247,
1997)).

66 There is the yet further issue as to whether or not exemplary damages could
be awarded for cynical breaches of contract (see generally, for example, the
_Canadian Supreme Court decision of Whiten v Pilot Insurance Company_ (2002)
209 DLR (4th) 257). All these issues raise important questions of great import
but fall outside the purview of the present decision.

30 The Court of Appeal in _MFM Restaurants_ left open the position on punitive
damages because no arguments were made in the appeal on punitive damages (see
_MFM Restaurants_ at [52]). Likewise, the High Court in _Vikas Goel_ did not
make a determination on the issue because it was not before the court.

31 In this case, not only were arguments made on punitive damages, Mr Li is
expressly making a claim for such damages. Although the law on punitive
damages is in a state of flux and while the position is more suitable to be
determined by the superior courts, as the superior courts have not had the
occasion to make a pronouncement on the position and as it is in issue before
me, it falls to this court to determine the applicable position in the ebb and
flow of the law to dispose of this claim.

32 The issues of whether punitive damages should even be recognised and the
applicable guiding principles on the scope of its application and the extent
of the damages to be awarded rest on policy considerations. A perusal of the
arguments for and against punitive damages in the decisions of the House of
Lords in the aforementioned cases (referred to in the passage above at [29])
and the English Law Commission's Report on Aggravated, Exemplary and
Restitutionary Damages make it clear that the position is not one which may be
determined by the _ascertainment_ of rules already laid down as if there
exists a firm position which simply needed to be uncovered through a reading
of the cases or the synthesis of existing rules. It is a policy decision in
the sense that the court needs to choose between competing rationales, in
particular, whether damages should be compensatory or whether it could serve
other functions.

33 In the present case, although it falls on this court to determine the
position on punitive damages, because of the way in which Mr Li had argued his
claim for such damages, this court need only decide the position in a limited
sense, namely, whether to accept an expanded version of _Rookes_. Mr Li’s
argument is as follows. Mr Li relies on the first and second categories in
_Rookes_. With regard to the first category, Mr Li has argued that that
category was widened in _Kuddus v Chief Constable of Leicestershire
Constabulary_ [2002] 2 AC 122 (“ _Kuddus_ ”) by Lord Nicholls who expressed
the following view at [66]:

In _Rookes_ …, Lord Devlin drew a distinction between oppressive acts by
government officials and similar acts by companies or individuals. He
considered that exemplary damages should not be available in the case of non-
governmental oppression or bullying. Whatever may have been the position 40
years ago, I am respectfully inclined to doubt the soundness of this
distinction today. National and international companies can exercise enormous
power. So do some individuals. I am not sure it would be right to draw a hard-
and-fast line which would always exclude such companies and persons from the
reach of exemplary damages.

In this passage, Lord Nicholls expresses his support for an extension of the
first category in _Rookes_.

34 As for the second category in _Rookes_ , Mr Li says that Gleneagles’
actions were calculated to maintain their good reputation and the profitable
business relationship with Dr Looi. While this may well be the general
motivation of Gleneagles for its actions, I do not see how it fits within the
second category in _Rookes_ which requires, in a sense, a cynical calculation
by the defendant that in perpetuating a wrong, it would still come out the
better because the consequences of that wrong would be outweighed by the
benefits it would bring. Mr Li’s argument would require an extension of the
position in _Rookes_. I note that in _Kuddus_ , Lord Nicholls had opined (at
[67]) that for the second category, it should be extended to malicious motives
and not simply motives calculated to profit the defendant.

35 To allow the claim for punitive damages, I would have to accept Mr Li’s
argument on the expansion of the categories in _Rookes._ I am reluctant to do
so. The reason for my reluctance to accept Mr Li’s contention for an expanded
reading of _Rookes_ is as follows. The determination of the position on
punitive damages has important rule of law implications. All power has legal
limits (see the legality principle enunciated by the Court of Appeal in _Chng
Suan Tze v Minister for Home Affairs_ [1988] 2 SLR(R) 525 at [15]). Although
the legality principle was pronounced with the legislative and executive power
in mind, it applies to the judicial power which is also bounded by law. For
example, the avenue of the exercise of judicial power restricts the use of
that power. A court may only exercise the judicial power where it is seized of
jurisdiction and the nature of the power which may be exercised varies
depending on the type of jurisdiction. Apart from the avenue of the exercise
of judicial power, the nature of the power is likewise restrained by written
law.

36 The recognition of punitive damages, the determination of its scope and the
extent of the quantum which may be awarded have rule of law implications. The
recognition of punitive damages affords the court an expansive mode of
imposing liability without reference to a particular loss suffered by the
innocent party or profit made by the wrongdoer (save perhaps for the cases
which fall in the second category of _Rookes_ or for which the principles in
_Attorney General v Blake (Jonathan Cape Ltd Third Party)_ [2001] 1 AC 268
apply so that the quantification of damages may be made with reference to the
outstanding benefit retained by the wrongdoer). This point of reference which
furnishes a key legal restraint on the exercise of judicial power in deciding
liability in civil cases is absent where punitive damages are concerned. While
one may instinctively point to proportionality as a form of legal restraint in
the sense that the award of punitive damages has to be proportionate to the
reference act of wrongdoing, this is very much an elastic limitation as it
depends on the characterisation of the egregiousness of the reference act and
proportionality furnishes no guidance on such characterisation.

37 It is this inherent lack of legal restraint in the award of punitive
damages that creates the tension with the rule of law. Of course, this tension
may well be diffused by crafting a narrow scope for the award of such damages
(as is arguably the case in _Rookes_ with its limited three categories) or by
Parliament creating a legislative limit on the quantum which may be awarded
for punitive damages, as has been done in certain jurisdictions.

38 Furthermore, while punitive damages may seem to be handy as a remedy to
right certain wrongs, it is to be remembered that apart from punitive damages
and other civil remedies, there could be other legal responses found beyond
the civil law. When viewed through the lenses of a civil suit, certain wrongs
may seem to go without remedy if the suite of civil remedies is inadequate and
so there is some attractiveness to punitive damages as a sort of residual
civil remedy for egregious wrongs, but when one considers the entire system of
law, not just civil law, there could be other modes of dealing with such
wrongs which would put in perspective (and thus diminish) the attractiveness
of punitive damages, especially given its tensions with the rule of law.

39 I am reluctant for the foregoing reasons to accept the expanded version of
_Rookes_ argued for by Mr Li. I am therefore rejecting Mr Li’s claim for
punitive damages based on this expanded version of _Rookes_. There is no need
for me to go beyond what I need to consider by examining whether the position
in _Rookes_ itself represents the entirety of the position on punitive damages
in Singapore. I have no doubt this issue will be taken up another day in a
more appropriate case.

Conclusion

40 I award the plaintiff $10,000 in compensatory damages and $240,000 in
aggravated damages.

41 The defendant is to pay costs on the High Court scale to the plaintiff to
be taxed unless agreed upon.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

