Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Chum Tat Suan  
[2013] SGHC 150

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 1 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 August 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mohamed Faizal and Qiu Huixiang (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for Public Prosecutor; Nandwani Manoj Prakash and Eric Liew (Gabriel
Law Corporation) for Accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Chum Tat Suan  
  
5 August 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused was charged with importing not less than 94.96g of diamorphine
into Singapore, thereby committing an offence under s 7 and punishable under s
33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed). He is a 65 year old
Singaporean who described his occupation as a “bookie” and a vendor of
amulets. On 15 January 2010, he left Johor Bahru and crossed the immigration
checkpoint at the Woodlands checkpoint, Singapore at 2.10am. He was the sole
passenger in a taxi bearing the licence plate JHN 9218. W/Sgt Mehrunnisha Bte
Hassan (“PW27”) who conducted a routine check spotted a black bag in the boot
of the taxi and directed the driver to pull over for a more thorough check.
When PW27 asked the taxi driver whose bag that was, the accused answered that
it was his bag. He also said that he had nothing to declare.

2 PW27 nonetheless searched the black bag and discovered that there was a
hidden compartment at the base of the bag. She unscrewed the base and found
that it had hidden ten bundles wrapped in newspapers. She took out one bundle,
unwrapped it, and cut the outer translucent cover. Some substances, later
ascertained to be diamorphine (heroin) were found in three other bundles from
the bag. Just before the bag was inspected, the accused gave some money to the
taxi driver and said that the “thing” was his and the taxi driver “was not
involved”.

3 SI Ashari Bin Hassan (“PW30”), an officer of the Central Narcotics Bureau
(“CNB”) then interviewed the accused at the Woodlands checkpoint. PW30 had his
colleague SI Choo Thiam Hock (“PW29”) as interpreter. When asked if he had
anything to surrender, the accused said that he had “ten bundles of heroin
weighing five pounds and a packet of “ice” weighing 22.7g in the lower
compartment of the black bag”. He also disclosed that he had drug related
utensils in the side compartment of the bag. He told PW30 and PW29 that he was
going to deliver the heroin in Geylang and be paid $10,000 for that. This is
also the evidence of SSgt Edwin Lee Mun Foong (“PW31”) who was among the group
of officers at the arrest of the accused.

4 PW30 then searched the black bag and retrieved the drugs and drug related
contents from the compartment as well as the articles from the side
compartment as disclosed by the accused. PW29 then took over and questioned
the accused who told him that he (the accused) had collected the drugs from
one “Seow Eh”. The accused was asked to telephone “Seow Eh” which he did. The
brief message given by the accused was that he was “ready” and had “cleared”.
However, about six minutes later “Seow Eh” called the accused and a brief but
strange conversation took place. “Seow Eh” said that he would ask someone to
call the accused and “Seow Eh” asked the accused if he was ready. The accused
said he was ready, but added that he was “sad and sorrowful”. He repeated that
he was ready and that “Seow Eh” was “hopeless”. The two telephone calls were
made using mobile phones. PW29’s understanding of the latter conversation was
that the accused was trying to signal to “Seow Eh” that he (the accused) had
been arrested. PW29 thus assessed the accused as “not co-operative”.

5 The accused was taken to the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) headquarters
and there he was tested positive for amphetamines. His urine samples were then
sent to the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) where they were tested and were
found to contain methamphetamine. Drug consumption paraphernalia consisting of
an improved bottle, a lighter, and two pieces of metal were seized from a
dressing table drawer in the accused person’s home. He pointed them out to the
CNB officers when they asked if he had anything to surrender. He told the CNB
officers that he had some “drug utensils”. The 11 bundles of suspect
substances seized from the accused’s bag were sent for testing by the HSA and
were found to contain not less than 94.96g of diamorphine and 26.74g of
methamphetamine (“ice”). The accused gave statements to the CNB officer in
which he admitted that the heroin was for sale although the ice was for his
personal consumption. The drugs were obtained from “Seow Eh”. He did not
challenge the voluntariness of the statements but at trial he claimed that he
had told PW29 that he did not know that the black bag contained drugs.

6 The accused elected to give evidence on his own behalf. The defence was that
the black bag did not belong to him, and that he did not know that the black
bag that he carried with him in the taxi at the time of his arrest contained
heroin. In his testimony at trial he told the court that he had nothing to do
and so went gambling with his friends. He was staying at the Merlin Tower in
Johor Bahru when he met an old friend. His friend took him to Long Yau, Taman
Iskandar to gamble. He brought along his bag which he claimed was a blue cloth
bag. It did not have a base like the one in the black bag (referring to the
hidden compartment). He claimed that when he left Taman Iskandar he took the
wrong bag. That was the foundation of his defence of absence of _mens rea._

7 It was a poor defence. First, I am not convinced that the accused could
mistake a blue cloth bag for the black PVC bag. Secondly, the accused admitted
that some of the articles found in the black bag were his and had been in the
blue bag. The idea that whoever planted the drugs in the black bag also
transferred the belongings of the accused so that he could bring the black bag
into Singapore was utterly absurd. Thirdly, the accused testified that he
bought some duck eggs and kept them in his (blue) bag. It transpired in the
course of the trial that the eggs were in the black bag. The now rotten eggs
were discovered by the CNB only at trial. It is of no relevance why they were
not discovered sooner; but the point was that if the accused claimed that he
had placed the eggs into his own bag and the eggs were found in the black bag,
the inescapable conclusion must be that he had only one bag – the black one. I
disbelieved his evidence that his bag was a blue cloth bag. Fourthly, there
was evidence of the accused person’s DNA found on some of the items in the
black bag, including the glass tubes and glass pipes found in the side
compartment. Fifthly, the accused’s DNA was also found on some of the ten
bundles of heroin seized from the black bag. Lastly, the accused could not
explain in his testimony why he did not tell the officers at the Woodlands
Checkpoint and then again during the recording of the statements taken
pursuant to s 121 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (the
“CPC”) that the black bag did not belong to him. Counsel for the accused
offered an explanation based on contamination and transference of the DNA,
namely, either by accident or by some innocuous way. It was merely a
hypothesis that was neither supported by scientific evidence or factual
evidence. In any event, even if I were to give the accused the benefit of
doubt that his DNA was found on some of the bundles in innocent circumstances,
the overall evidence left me with no doubt that the accused knew that he was
carrying heroin and I also found as a fact that the black bag was his. I was
satisfied that the evidence had shown beyond reasonable doubt that the accused
had imported the heroin from Johor to Singapore.

8 The defence at trial proceeded thus on facts that were not part of the facts
he was asked to describe in his s 121 statements. Mr Prakash, counsel for the
accused, submitted that DNA of the accused was found only on some of the
bundles of heroin, and none on the screws to the hidden compartment. That may
be so, but the absence of any DNA belonging to the accused was only one factor
for consideration. In some circumstances the absence might be helpful to the
defence. However, in the present case, the absence of the DNA did not help
this accused at all – the accused might not have screwed and unscrewed the
hidden compartment, nor put in all the bundles of heroin, but that did not
mean that he did not have knowledge of the bundles in his bag.

9 Counsel submitted that the incriminating portions in the s 121 statements of
the accused were not statements made by him. Having read through all the
statements and in view of the fact that there was otherwise no challenge as to
the voluntary nature the statements were made, and the fact that there were
numerous personal information in the statements that the recording officer
could not have known, I am of the view that the s 121 statements shed
sufficient weight towards corroborating the prosecution’s case that the
accused knew that he was carrying heroin in his black bag.

10 Mr Prakash also submitted that the accused was sleepy and was intoxicated
at the material times when his statements were recorded. He argued that with
the fact that the accused also had a “frontal lobe infarction”, all that the
accused had admitted to the CNB should not be given any weight. In support, Mr
Prakash relied on Dr Steven Phang’s evidence that the accused might be mildly
intoxicated. However, Dr Phang testified that the accused was sufficiently
alert and cogent to find his way from Taman Iskandar to Singapore and could
even recall the meal he consumed while in Johor Bahru. I hence gave full
weight to the accused’s s 121 statements.

11 Having considered the evidence and the submissions of counsel I was of the
view that the prosecution had proven its case beyond reasonable doubt against
the accused and I thus found him guilty as charged and convicted him
accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Aug 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

