Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Comptroller of Income Tax _v_ BLM  
[2013] SGHC 212

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 331 of 2013 (Summonses Nos 3108-3113
and 5041 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Patrick Nai Thiam Siew, Vikna s/o Thambirajah and Jimmy
Goh (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the plaintiff; Sundareswara
Sharma (ATMD Bird & Bird LLP) for the applicant.  
Parties| :|  Comptroller of Income Tax — BLM  
  
17 October 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an application by the plaintiff for the disclosure of various bank
statements by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) to the
National Tax Agency of Japan (“J-NTA”) pursuant to s 105J of the Income Tax
Act (Cap 134, Rev Ed 2008) (“the Act”) and art 26 of the Agreement between the
Government of the Republic of Singapore And the Government of Japan for the
Avoidance of Double taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect
to Taxes on Income (“the Treaty”). I granted the application on 31 May 2013.
The account holders in question applied for leave to intervene and also to
stay or discharge that order.

2 On 22 November 2012, J-NTA issued a letter of request (“the Request”) to
IRAS, requesting disclosure of various bank statements from the defendant
bank, BJM. This related to ongoing tax examinations in Japan in relation to
the applicant, a Japanese national, and seven other account-holders. IRAS
reviewed the Letter of Request. On 19 April 2013, it made an _ex parte_
application to the High Court pursuant to s 105J, read with ss 105BA, 105D and
105F of Act and O 98 r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed),
for the following orders:

(a) That the defendant produce within 21 days from the date of the Order all
bank statements for the period 1 January 2006 through 31 December 2011 (both
dates inclusive) in relation to eight accounts held by the account holders
listed, including the specified accounts which they named in the summons
itself;

(b) That the defendant produce copies of the documents named in the summons to
an authorised officer of the plaintiff or applicant not later than the end of
the period of 21 days from the date of the Order;

(c) Subject to the preceding sub-paragraph, no person is to inspect or take a
copy of any document relating to these proceedings without leave of the High
Court under s 105J(9) of the Act; and

(d) That the Order shall have effect and remain in force until such Order is
varied or discharged.

3 In the accompanying affidavit, IRAS set out the grounds of its application,
exhibited the Request, and stated its belief that the Request set out all the
information prescribed in the Eighth Schedule of the Act and that the
conditions specified in s 105J(3) were fulfilled. In other words, IRAS’s
application fulfilled all the requirements set out in s 105D of the Act and O
98 r (2)2 of the Rules of Court.

4 IRAS also served the applicant with notice of the application on 15 April
2013. Counsel for the applicant and IRAS appeared before me four times in May
2013. Counsel for the applicant, Mr S Sharma (“Mr Sharma”) submitted, _inter
alia_ , that the Request was invalid as it was made pursuant to a tax
examination and not investigations into tax evasion. Mr Sharma also argued
that the relevant tax authority in Japan had withdrawn its investigations into
the applicant. Finally, Mr Sharma submitted that the J-NTA had no right to
make the Request in the first place as under Japanese law, the applicant would
have no obligation to disclose equivalent information in Japan.

5 The Act provides a two-step process for filtering out unmeritorious
requests. The first step is an assessment of the Request by IRAS. The second
is an order by the High Court. Section 105J of the Act provides that the High
Court may make an order that a person having possession or control of
information protected from unauthorised disclosure under the Banking Act (Cap
19) disclose that information to an authorised officer upon fulfilment of the
following two conditions:

(a) That the making of the order is justified in the circumstances of the
case; and

(b) It is not contrary to the public interest for a copy of the document to be
produced or that access to the information be given.

6 How the court should assess such justification is set out in the Eighth
Schedule of the Act. This schedule sets out the information to be included in
a request for information under Part XXA of the Act. The information given
must also be foreseeably relevant for carrying out the provisions of the
Treaty or the administration and enforcement of the tax laws of the requesting
country; see _Comptroller of Income Tax v AZP_ [2012] SGHC 112 (“ _AZP_ ”).

7 During the Parliamentary Debate on 19 October 2009, a concern was voiced
about the need to protect the privacy of persons affected by requests for
information which were not made _bona fides_ or were made simply as a “fishing
expedition”. Mr Tharman Shanmugaratnam responded by explaining that such
requests “would be screened out [through the process set out in] the Eighth
Schedule, which spells out very clearly the information that a requesting
jurisdiction has to provide to IRAS when it makes its request”. Mr
Shanmugaratnam stated that the two-stage process provided by the Act was
intended to filter out “fishing expeditions” and not to stifle the effective
exchange of information. The relevant institution in this process is IRAS. The
reason for this was stated by Mr Shanmugaratnam during the Parliamentary
Debates as follows

IRAS has substantial experience in handling foreign requests and tax
administration, and will be competent in making an assessment of whether a
request constitutes a fishing expedition.

8 There needs to be a balance between not stifling effective cooperation and
the need to protect privacy. This is a balance which has already been struck
by Parliament. The responsibility for determining whether a request for
information is valid is primarily IRAS’s. By the time it reaches the High
Court, the High Court’s responsibility is to assess that application in
accordance with the formal requirements provided under the Eighth Schedule of
the Act. In many respects, the High Court’s role is an administrative one.
There is little room for the Court to examine the substantive merits of the
application, much less the necessity of granting the Request. That is not the
Court’s function and neither is it within the Singapore Court’s jurisdiction
or competence to adjudicate on the purely domestic issues in the Japanese
jurisdiction.

9 Given the statutory scheme, it was also not the place of the Singapore High
Court to enquire into the propriety of the J-NTA request under Japanese law. I
took note of art 26(3)(b) of the Treaty, which stated that a request for
information would not impose on a Contracting State that an obligation to
supply information which is not obtainable under the laws or in the normal
course of the administration of that or of the other Contracting State.
However, I found that this was amply provided for in the Eighth Schedule,
which requires the Request to state its conformity with the law and
administrative practices of the country of the competent authority. This is
ultimately a matter of Japanese law. Japan is the proper forum for determining
whether the J-NTA request was proper. It would not have been proper for me to
make a pronouncement on what was and was not permissible under Japanese law.
It could not, therefore, be a ground on which to reject that application. The
role of this court is to be satisfied that the affidavit filed by the
plaintiff in support of the application has complied with the Act, and in
particular, the Eighth Schedule.

10 In the present case, the Request complied with the Eighth Schedule. The
IRAS had stated its opinion that the Request was justified and valid (i.e. it
was not a fishing expedition). Mr Sharma’s submission that the Request
pertained to a tax examination and not an investigation of tax evasion was,
with respect, not a relevant consideration in determining whether to grant the
application. There is nothing in the Eighth Schedule that suggests that a
disclosure of the information requested is only permitted when there is an
investigation into tax evasion. Different countries will have different
mechanisms for investigating tax evasion. Information will be required at
different stages. As mentioned above, the Eighth Schedule therefore requires a
statement that the request is in conformity with the law and administrative
practices of the country of the competent authority. The content of that
statement will vary depending on the law and administrative practices of the
country in question. There was such a statement in this case. The J-NTA made
clear that the Request was for the purpose of potential tax evasions as the
accounts requested for were under the control of the applicant’s family or
companies controlled by the applicant’s family and were suspected of being
used to hide undeclared income. This fulfils the requirements in the Eighth
Schedule as well as the requirement of foreseeable relevance in _AZP_. Mr
Sharma’s argument about the stage of investigation was not persuasive without
more.

11 Mr Sharma also asserted that the J-NTA had withdrawn its investigation into
the applicant. However, Mr Sharma produced no proof of this despite the fact
that he had almost a month to ascertain this information with J-NTA. If it
were the case that the information was no longer required, then it would fall
to J-NTA to withdraw the Request. IRAS had no information from J-NTA about
this.

12 I thus granted the application in the terms requested (and laid out above
at [2]) after the 31 May 2013 hearing (the 31st May order).

13 On 20 September 2013, the applicant filed a complaint against J-NTA in
Japan. On 25 September 2013, Mr Sharma filed Summons No 5041 of 2013 (“SUM
5041”) to stay or discharge the 31st May order pending a determination of the
issues of Japanese law before the Tokyo District Court. The facts have not
changed except in one material aspect: the applicant has since commenced
proceedings in Japan. The arguments Mr Sharma raises are the same, _viz_ that
the J-NTA acted improperly under Japanese law by making the request. According
to Mr Sharma, the J-NTA had no right to the information requested and had not
exhausted all legal avenues in Japan to obtain them.

14 Mr Sharma’s application to discharge or vary the 31st May order was
characterised as a conflicts of law issue requiring resolution by the Japanese
courts. This is, however, not an accurate characterisation. There is no
pending suit in Singapore and no legal issue of Singapore law to be
determined. An application for a stay within the context of conflicts of law
would employ the doctrines of _lis alibi pendens_ and _forum non conveniens_.
These doctrines require the applicant to prove that there are pending suits
which engage the same or similar issues before the courts of two competing
jurisdictions. The court before which the application is brought then has the
option of discontinuing the local proceedings or, in appropriate
circumstances, granting a stay of proceedings; see _Virsagi Management (S) Pte
Ltd v Welltech Construction Pte Ltd_ [2013] SGCA 50 (at [36]). It will be
apparent that neither of these doctrines operates in this context. The only
issue of law to be determined, on Mr Sharma’s arguments, is Japanese law.
There are thus no grounds for stay of the 31st May order under common law
conflicts of law principles.

15 There is also no statutory basis from granting a stay or discharge of the
31st May order. I have already set out my reasons for granting the 31st May
order. Section 105J(4) of the Act permits any person in relation to whom
information is sought to apply to have an order discharged or varied within
seven days from the date of the Order. The purpose of this provision is to
give an opportunity to any person affected by a request for information to be
heard by the Court. In the present case, the applicant has had ample
opportunities to canvass his case before the court. Mr Sharma has filed
numerous applications and made extensive submissions and arguments on his
behalf. Submissions and further submissions have been filed. Mr Sharma has not
raised any points in SUM 5041 which he had not already made and which I had
not already considered when making the 31st May order. There are simply no
grounds to exercise my discretion to discharge the order to make any variation
to that order. In any event, I should note that SUM 5041 was made out of time
if indeed Mr Sharma had been intending to avail himself of s 105J(4) of the
Act.

16 In light of this, there are also no grounds to permit the other account
holders to intervene. The accounts in question belong either to the
applicant’s wife or to companies controlled by the applicant and his family.
Their interests have been adequately represented by the applicant and by Mr
Sharma. There are no separate matters specific to the other account-holders
which would affect the facts in this case and with it, my decision.

17 For the reasons given above, the 31st May order stands and the application
in SUM 5041 to stay or discharge the 31st May order is dismissed. Summon Nos
3108 to 3113 of 2013, relating to the application by the other account holders
to intervene this suit are also dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

