Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Law Society of Singapore _v_ Chiong Chin May Selena  
[2013] SGHC 5

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 16 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 January 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mimi Oh (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for the applicant;
The respondent in person.  
Parties| :|  Law Society of Singapore — Chiong Chin May Selena  
  
15 January 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This proceeding, Originating Summons No 16 of 2012, is commenced by the Law
Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”) against the respondent, Chiong Chin
May Selena (“Chiong” or “the Respondent”), pursuant to s 98 of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the LPA”) requiring Chiong to show
cause why she should not be dealt with under s 83(1) of the LPA, following
complaints made by Chiong’s client, Heng Siew Lee (Wang XiuLi) (“Heng” or “the
Complainant”).

Background facts

2 Chiong is an advocate and solicitor of some 17 years’ standing, having been
admitted as such on 29 April 1995. In September 2009, Chiong was engaged by
Heng to handle her proposed divorce proceeding. Sometime in March 2010, Heng
lodged a formal complaint with the Council of the Law Society under s 85(1) of
the LPA. The essence of the complaint[note: 1] was that Chiong had not
diligently handled the matter relating to Heng’s proposed divorce from her
husband.

3 The nub of the complaint made by Heng against Chiong was summarised in a
statement prepared by the Law Society (“the Statement”) as follows:[note: 2]

7\. The Complainant claimed that the Respondent failed/ did not keep her:–

(a)duly informed/updated on the progress of the Complainant’s divorce matter
in the Family Court **(“No updates”)** ;

(b)[to] duly [explain] to the Complainant, all letters or notices received
from the HDB, Family Court and/or the solicitor acting for the Complainant’s
husband or otherwise **(“No explanations”)** ;

(c)… to use all reasonable available legal means consistent with the retainer
for the matrimonial matter to advance the interests of the Complainant
**(“Inappropriate advice/s** [_sic_]**”)** ;

(d)when the Complainant revoked her instructions on 15th March 2010 for the
Respondent to [act] for her in the divorce matter, the Respondent continued on
and even thereafter issued a reply to the solicitor acting for the
Complainant’s husband without any authority or approval of the said reply
**(“No authority to act”)**.

[emphasis in bold in original]

4 The Statement then went on to detail the facts and events upon which the
allegations were based. In the result, the Law Society framed four main
charges and four alternative charges against Chiong. The four main charges,
which were all brought under s 83(2)(_b_) of the LPA, were as follows:[note:
3]

**1a)** **FIRST CHARGE**

That you, **CHIONG CHIN MAY, SELENA** , an Advocate and Solicitor, are guilty
of a breach of Rule 12 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules,
Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161) **(“the Rules”)** , in that you failed to
use all reasonably available legal means consistent with your retainer whilst
[practising] under DSCT Law Corporation **(“DSCT”)** and then subsequently
with Edmond Peireira [_sic_] & Partners **(“EPP”)** to advance the interests
of the Complainant, Madam Heng Siew Lee (Wang XiuLi) **(“the Complainant”)**
in the matter entrusted to you by her, i.e. to represent her in her divorce
proceedings and such breach of the Rules amounts to grossly improper conduct
in the discharge of your professional duty within the meaning of Section
83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161).

…

**2a)** **SECOND CHARGE**

That you, **CHIONG CHIN MAY, SELENA** , an Advocate and Solicitor, are guilty
of a breach of Rule 17 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules,
Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161) **(“the Rules”)** , in that you failed to
keep the Complainant, Madam Heng Siew Lee (Wang XiuLi) **(“the Complainant”)**
reasonably informed of/updated on the progress of the divorce matter entrusted
to you [while practising] with DSCT Law Corporation **(“DSCT”)** and then
subsequently with Edmond Peireira [_sic_] & Partners **(“EPP”)** by her and
such breach of the Rules amounts to grossly improper conduct in the discharge
of your professional duty within the meaning of Section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161).

…

**3a)** **THIRD CHARGE**

That you, **CHIONG CHIN MAY, SELENA** , an Advocate and Solicitor, are guilty
of a breach of Rule 21 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules,
Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161) **(“the Rules”)** , in that you failed to
explain to the Complainant, Madam Heng Siew Lee (Wang XiuLi) **(“the
Complainant”)** , the letters or notices received by you [while practising]
with DSCT Law Corporation **(“DSCT”)** and then subsequently with Edmond
Peireira [_sic_] & Partners **(“EPP”)** , from HDB dated 26th October 2009,
the Family Court and/or the solicitors acting for the husband of the
Complainant, which affected the Complainant and such breach of the Rules
amounts to grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your professional duty
within the meaning of Section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161).

…

**4a)** **FOURTH CHARGE**

That you, **CHIONG CHIN MAY, SELENA** , an Advocate and Solicitor, did on or
about 19th March 2010 without first seeking the approval of the Complainant,
Madam Heng Siew Lee (Wang XiuLi) **(“the Complainant”)** , sen[d] a letter
back-dated to 16th March 2010 **(“the backdated letter”)** to M/s A Alagappan
& Co [the law firm acting for the Complainant’s husband], purportedly on
behalf of and representing the Complainant in the divorce matter entrusted to
you then [practising] with Edmond Peireira [_sic_] & Partners **(“EPP”)** ,
when you ha[d] no instructions/authority from the Complainant to do so at that
point in time, as the Complainant had on the 15th March 2010, revoked her
instructions to you to act any further for her and such acts amount to grossly
improper conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the meaning
of Section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161).

…

[emphasis in bold in original; italics in original omitted]

5 The wording of the four alternative charges was the same as that of the
corresponding main charges, save that the alternative charges were brought
under s 83(2)(_h_) of the LPA. In the alternative charges, the phrase “grossly
improper conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the meaning
of Section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161)”[note: 4] [italics
in original omitted] in the main charges was substituted with the phrase
“misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme
Court or as a member of an honourable profession within the meaning of Section
83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161)”[note: 5] [italics in original
omitted]. Unless otherwise indicated, all references hereafter to the charges
against Chiong should be read as references to the main charges and the
corresponding alternative charges collectively.

6 On 23 March 2011, Chan Sek Keong CJ, in exercise of his power under s 90(1)
of the LPA, appointed Chan Leng Sun SC as President and Cheo Chai Beng Johnny
as member of a Disciplinary Tribunal (“the DT”) to hear and investigate the
charges framed against Chiong.

7 The first hearing date of the DT was fixed for 15 June 2011. However, Chiong
arrived late for the hearing and did not even file any defence or affidavit in
reply.[note: 6] The Law Society did not object to giving Chiong time to file
her defence and affidavit, and the hearing was adjourned to 2 August 2011. At
the second hearing on 2 August 2011, Heng appeared as witness for the Law
Society and Chiong represented herself.

8 The Law Society filed its closing submissions on 2 September 2011. Chiong
was granted an extension of time and only filed her closing submissions on 29
September 2011. Leave was granted by the DT to the Law Society to file reply
submissions on 18 November 2011. The DT also gave Chiong an opportunity to
respond to the Law Society’s closing submissions, which she did not avail
herself of.

The first, second and third charges

9 In its report dated 9 December 2011 (“the Report”), the DT made the
following findings based on the evidence adduced before it (see [36] and [38]
of the Report):

36\. The particular instances relied on by the Law Society for these Charges
are:

(a) The Respondent’s inappropriate advice that the Complainant will get
whatever she wanted when the Complainant asked about the impact of her
husband’s intention to go overseas.

(b) The Respondent’s failure to explain and advise that there are obstacles
and processes that the Complainant has to overcome even if the husband has
gone overseas and does not contest the divorce. A simple divorce would take at
least seven months from filing to the final judgment. One with ancillaries to
be dealt with, such as the Complainant’s case, would take more than seven
months, perhaps a year, to complete. The husband being overseas could occasion
further steps to be taken, in serving notice and in relation to enforcement of
any maintenance order.

(c) In November 2009, the Respondent misled the Complainant that she could not
initiate divorce proceedings because HDB had not replied, when HDB had replied
on 29 October 2009.

(d) The Respondent misled the Complainant that she had filed the divorce
proceedings in December 2009 when she only filed it on 20 January 2010.

(e) There was unreasonable delay in filing the divorce papers. It was up to
the Complainant to constantly ask for updates and information.

(f) The Respondent left DSCT [Law Corporation] at the end of January 2010
without informing the Complainant, and subsequently misled the Complainant
into following her to [Edmond Pereira & Partners].

(g) The Respondent was late [in attending] the mentions for the variation
application on 11 February 2010 and 24 February 2010.

(h) The Respondent failed to advise the Complainant to attempt mediation and
of the costs consequences of not doing so.

(i) The Respondent asked the Complainant to sign an affidavit that the
Complainant had no prior opportunity to examine, which contained many
mistakes. It was up to the Complainant to revise and prepare another affidavit
with the help of a secretary from DSCT [Law Corporation].

(j) The Respondent refused to give a written fee cap/quotation to the
Complainant despite the latter’s request.

(k) The Respondent did not provide the Complainant with any documents in the
divorce matter or update her of developments.

(l) The Respondent did not return the Complainant’s documents promptly on
termination of her services.

(m) The Respondent did not inform the Complainant of her husband’s proposal to
mediate and instead made things worse by writing the letter dated 16 March
2010 to Alagappan [the husband’s solicitor] demanding filing of the husband’s
Defence.

…

38\. We find that the matters complained of in paragraph 36 have been
established. _Some matters are relatively mild in themselves_ , for example,
being late a couple of times in Court (even if this is not acceptable
etiquette). _Others are more serious_ , for example, acting without authority
and misleading the [Complainant] as to the reason why the divorce proceedings
could not commence. _Cumulatively, there was a pattern of chronic
irresponsibility and very poor handling of the [Complainant]’s matter,
compounded by the Respondent’s own testimony which painted herself as someone
who thought that the Complainant did not deserve the usual attention and care
because she was being charged a charitably low fee._ It may be that some of
the Respondent’s failings were unintentional, as there was mention of her
bipolar disorder. Nonetheless, it was not suggested to us that this justified
her continuing to act in a poor manner and thereby harm her clients.
_Furthermore, it is apparent to us that this was not a case of a solicitor
trying her best but falling short due to illness. There was a problem of
attitude, which is apparent from the reaction of the Respondent to the
Complaint, the blistering tone of her Affidavit, which carried over in her
aggressive cross-examination of the Complainant and her dogged but confused
attempts on the stand to justify her actions._

[emphasis added]

10 The above findings were made based on the evidence set out at [8]–[31] of
the Report. Accordingly, the DT concluded at [40] of the Report that Chiong
had breached rr 12, 17 and 21(1) of the Legal Profession (Professional
Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the LP(PC)R”), which read:

**RELATIONSHIP AND DEALINGS WITH CLIENTS**

**Diligence and competence**

**12**. An advocate and solicitor shall use all reasonably available legal
means consistent with the agreement pursuant to which he is retained to
advance his client’s interest.

…

**Keeping client informed**

**17**. An advocate and solicitor shall keep the client reasonably informed of
the progress of the client’s matter.

…

**Explanation to client**

**21.** —(1) An advocate and solicitor shall explain in a clear manner,
proposals of settlement, other offers or positions taken by other parties
which affect the client.

…

11 For the first, second and third main charges and the alternative first,
second and third charges, the Law Society took a “global” approach, and did
not specifically link each of the instances described at [36] of the Report to
a particular charge. Instead, the Law Society submitted that the facts alleged
were to be taken cumulatively, and that there was significant overlap between
each charge. The DT agreed with the Law Society, and determined at [40] of the
Report that the allegations made in the first three main charges and their
alternatives had been proved (_ie_ , Chiong had breached rr 12, 17 and 21(1)
of the LP(PC)R).

12 The DT further determined at [41] of the Report that these breaches
amounted to grossly improper conduct in the discharge of Chiong’s professional
duty within the meaning of s 83(2)(_b_) of the LPA, and, in the alternative,
to misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an officer of the
Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within the meaning of
s 83(2)(_h_) of the LPA. The DT thus opined that taken as a whole, there was
cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action under s 83(2)(_b_) of the
LPA, and, alternatively, under s 83(2)(_h_) of the LPA.

The fourth charge

13 As for the fourth main charge and the alternative fourth charge, the DT
found that:

44\. _The Respondent admitted in her testimony that she knew on 15 March 2010
that the Complainant had terminated her services._ Yet she still sent a letter
after that to Alagappan [the solicitor acting for the Complainant’s husband]
purportedly on behalf of the Complainant, demanding that the husband file his
Defence within seven days. The letter was dated 16 March 2010 but received by
Alagappan on 19 March 2010. _The evidence is inconclusive on whether it was
actually written on 19 March 2010 and backdated by the Respondent. Even if it
was not backdated, the Respondent had no authority to write such a letter on
16 March 2010._

45\. We determine that the Respondent’s behaviour amounted to grossly improper
conduct in the discharge of the Respondent’s professional duty within the
meaning of Section 83(2)(_b_) of the LPA. In the alternative, we determine
that the Respondent’s behaviour amounted to misconduct unbefitting an advocate
and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an
honourable profession within the meaning of Section 83(2)(_h_) of the LPA.

[emphasis added]

14 In the light of the above findings, the DT determined that the fourth main
charge and the alternative fourth charge were made out, and that there was
cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action under s 83(2)(_b_) of the
LPA (and, alternatively, under s 83(2)(_h_) of the LPA).

The parties’ submissions

The Law Society’s submissions

15 In considering the charges preferred against Chiong, the Law Society
submitted[note: 7] that the starting point was the case of _Law Society of
Singapore v Ng Chee Sing_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 466 (“ _Ng Chee Sing_ ”), where the
Court of Three Judges held at [45] that gross or excessive delay in attending
to a client’s matter could be serious enough to constitute unbefitting
conduct:

45 … Delay in responding to clients is a common failing among solicitors given
the pressures of time they face. It was stated in _Re C, a solicitor_ (_Law
Society’s Journal_ Vol 1 No 1, May 1984) that delay in an isolated ordinary
case may not necessarily constitute professional misconduct and may not
warrant disciplinary action. However, _gross or excessive delay in both
contentious and non-contentious work is serious enough to constitute conduct
unbefitting an advocate and solicitor._ [emphasis added]

16 The Law Society further argued[note: 8] that the absence of dishonesty did
not necessarily mean that there was no professional misconduct, and drew an
analogy between the facts of _Ng Chee Sing_ and the facts of the present case.
The Law Society highlighted[note: 9] the fact that Chiong had left Heng in the
dark about the status of her divorce matter. Besides having to actively
enquire about the status of her divorce proceeding, Heng was misled by Chiong
into believing that it was the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) that had
delayed her matter, and that no replies had been forthcoming from HDB despite
enquiries.

17 Alternatively, the Law Society submitted[note: 10] that Chiong’s conduct in
the handling of Heng’s divorce matter was negligent to the extent that it was
“‘inexcusable’, and ‘such as to be regarded as deplorable by [her]
professional colleagues’”[note: 11] [emphasis in original omitted], making
Chiong unfit to remain as a member of an honourable profession under s
83(2)(_h_) of the LPA. Although there were various “degrees of negligence”
(see Re _Lim Kiap Khee; Law Society of Singapore v Lim Kiap Khee_ [2001] 2
SLR(R) 398 (“ _Lim Kiap Khee_ ”) at [19]), “the gravity of a negligent act
must be viewed in the context of the matter, taking into account all the
circumstances of the case”: see _Lim Kiap Khee_ at [19]–[20].

18 The Law Society contended[note: 12] that Chiong’s conduct satisfied the
threshold of negligence which amounted to professional misconduct because an
essential duty of an advocate and solicitor was to advance and protect the
interests of the client, and if, through neglect or omission, the advocate and
solicitor failed to do so, it must follow that the neglect or omission would
constitute professional misconduct. In the present case, Chiong was clearly in
dereliction of that duty. For example, Chiong failed to inform Heng of the
letters from her husband’s solicitor suggesting the resolution of the divorce
proceeding by way of mediation so as to save costs and speed up the divorce
process.[note: 13]

19 Finally, the Law Society submitted that there was also an issue of an
apparent character defect or deficiency as regards Chiong, and urged this
court to mete out a sentence that would reflect not just the seriousness of
Chiong’s breaches, but also the importance of observing the LP(PC)R.[note: 14]

Chiong’s submissions

20 Consistent with the dilatory stance which she had demonstrated in the
handling of Heng’s matter, Chiong did not file any written submissions for the
first hearing before this court on 2 July 2012. Instead Chiong appeared in
person at the hearing and orally requested for an adjournment to file her
written submissions. We granted her an adjournment to 17 July 2012 and
directed her to file her written submissions by 12 July 2012.

21 At the second hearing before us on 17 July 2012, Chiong submitted that the
first three main charges and the first three alternative charges were not made
out. Chiong based her case principally on the written submissions that she
filed on 12 July 2012, which we set out below:[note: 15]

There is nothing new for me to say except that there were inconsistencies in
the Complainant’s oral testimony during the [DT] hearing which were not
addressed by the [DT] in [its] report. Apart from that, _I repeat my defence
filed on 28 June 2011 for the [DT] hearing and I also say again, that not only
did I not cheat the Complainant, I tried my best to help her. So I am puzzled
and saddened as to her totally unjustifiable and unexpected vicious attack._
Also, she did not say what loss she had suffered due to my alleged misconduct;
instead I had spent hours talking to her and working on her case. …

I hope this Court will scrutinize her actions and allegations before finding
me guilty of professional misconduct. In a solicitor’s line of work the
clients, especially in divorce cases, _sometimes become too attached to us as
their solicitors_ (sometimes confiding in us and even treating us as a
‘shoulder to cry on’) _and the more sensitive and neurotic ones may become
disproportionally angered by ordinary statements which they might perceive in
negative ways._

_I have done nothing to justify the Complainant’s wrath and her vicious
complaint._ I therefore hope you will dismiss her complaint which I think is
motivated by personal animosity.

[emphasis added]

22 During oral arguments, Chiong also submitted that the fourth main charge
and the alternative fourth charge were not made out. Chiong relied on the
documentary evidence before the court and submitted that at the material time,
it was not clear to her that Heng had on 15 March 2010 unequivocally withdrawn
her authority to act for Heng. Thus, Chiong contended that she could not be
faulted for purporting to act for Heng on 16 March 2010 despite having had
notice of Heng’s intention to terminate her services.

Our determination

23 Since liability on all four main charges and the corresponding alternative
charges is disputed by Chiong, we shall address that issue first. The question
of the appropriate sanction will only arise for consideration if we find
Chiong guilty of any of the charges preferred against her.

The first three charges

24 After carefully reviewing the evidence, we are satisfied that on the basis
of the incontrovertible documentary evidence before us, the DT was justified
in concluding that the matters complained of at [36] of the Report (except in
relation to the allegation at para 36(l) concerning the failure to promptly
return Heng’s documents following the termination of Chiong’s services: see
[40] below) were established. It will be noted that in her written submissions
(see [21] above), Chiong did not really answer the first three main charges
(or the alternative first three charges). She said that she did not cheat
Heng. But, that is not the substance of the first three charges, which concern
her neglect in handling the divorce matter entrusted by Heng to her. We agree
with the DT that while some of the matters complained of were relatively mild
in themselves, “[c]umulatively, there was a pattern of chronic
irresponsibility and very poor handling of [Heng]’s matter” (see the Report at
[38]) on Chiong’s part. She took a rather lackadaisical attitude to her
responsibility as a solicitor, even to the extent of creating a false excuse
for her inaction (_ie_ , alleging that she was waiting for HDB’s response when
HDB had already responded).

25 In Re _Marshall David; Law Society of Singapore v Marshall David Saul_
[1971–1973] SLR(R) 554, this court declared at [23] that “grossly improper
conduct” was “conduct which [was] dishonourable to [the respondent solicitor]
as a man and dishonourable in his profession”. In _Lim Kiap Khee_ , this court
held (at [19]) that an intention to deceive need not be present to constitute
“grossly improper conduct” under s 83(2)(_b_) of the then equivalent of the
LPA. In our view, there was ample evidence to support the allegations made
under the first three charges. The only question on which we hesitated was
whether the misconduct alleged in the first three charges necessarily
constituted “grossly improper conduct”. While we have no problems in so
classifying the misconduct which is the subject matter of the third charge
(where there was deliberate misrepresentation _vis-à-vis_ HDB’s response), we
do have some difficulties in relation to the misconduct complained of in the
first and second charges, which misconduct smacks more of incompetence,
disorganisation or lack of care on the part of Chiong rather than any
deliberate act on her part to mislead Heng or mishandle the latter’s divorce
matter. The following observations of Professor Tan Yock Lin in _The Law of
Advocates and Solicitors in Singapore and West Malaysia_ (Butterworths Asia,
2nd Ed, 1998) at p 811 are apposite:

… [C]onduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor differs from grossly
improper conduct in two respects. First, it does not have to arise in the
course of professional duty, though it may do so. Second, if that is put to
one side, it differs in degree from grossly improper conduct, not in kind. So
a solicitor who delays without reasonable excuse to carry out his instructions
but conceals the true facts from his client may be guilt of conduct
unbefitting a solicitor, although his misconduct may not be disgraceful or
dishonourable. At some point, which will vary from case to case, the line
between conduct which is merely discreditable and conduct which is disgraceful
will be crossed. In that sense, the difference is one of degree. …

26 In our opinion, it would be more appropriate to regard the misconduct set
out in the first and second charges as “misconduct unbefitting an advocate and
solicitor” within the meaning of s 83(2)(_h_) of the LPA. To this extent, we
vary the findings of the DT. While we find Chiong guilty of the third main
charge, we find her guilty only of the alternative first charge and the
alternative second charge.

The fourth charge

27 The fourth charge relating to acting for the Complainant after she had
withdrawn Chiong’s authority to act is a more serious charge compared to the
first three charges. In our view, on this charge, the issue is whether or not
the DT was correct to find that the Law Society had discharged its burden of
proof for each and every element of the charge. For convenience, we shall
again set out the fourth main charge:[note: 16]

**4a)** **FOURTH CHARGE**

That you, **CHIONG CHIN MAY, SELENA** , an Advocate and Solicitor, did on or
about 19th March 2010 without first seeking the approval of the Complainant,
Madam Heng Siew Lee (Wang XiuLi) **(“the Complainant”)** , sen[d] a letter
back-dated to 16th March 2010 **(“the backdated l**** _etter”_****)** to M/s A
Alagappan & Co [the law firm acting for the Complainant’s husband],
purportedly on behalf of and representing the Complainant in the divorce
matter entrusted to you then [practising] with Edmond Peireira [_sic_] &
Partners **(“EPP”)** , when you ha[d] no instructions/authority from the
Complainant to do so at that point in time, as the Complainant had on the 15th
March 2010, revoked her instructions to you to act any further for her and
such acts amount to grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your
professional duty within the meaning of Section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161).

[emphasis in bold in original; italics in original omitted]

28 It is a trite proposition that disciplinary proceedings are quasi-criminal
in nature: see _Law Society of Singapore v Chong Wai Yen Michael and others_
[2012] 2 SLR 113 at [44]. Therefore, the Law Society has the burden of proving
its case beyond a reasonable doubt: see _Law Society of Singapore v Ahmad
Khalis bin Abdul Ghani_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 308 at [6]. As framed, the following
elements must be proved in relation to the fourth charge:

(a) that on 15 March 2010, Heng unequivocally revoked her instructions for the
firm, Edmond Pereira & Partners (“the Firm”), or Chiong specifically to act on
her behalf;

(b) that Chiong was aware of Heng’s unequivocal revocation of her authority to
act by 15 March 2010; and

(c) that Chiong, despite such knowledge of the revocation of her authority to
act, continued to act for Heng on 19 March 2010 by sending a letter to the
solicitor acting for Heng’s husband and backdating it to 16 March 2010.

The first element of the charge

29 In order to prove the first element of the fourth charge, the Law Society
relied on two emails that Heng sent. The first email (“the First Email”),
which was sent by Heng to the personal email address of Mr Edmond Pereira (“Mr
Pereira”) on 15 March 2010 at 9.54pm, was as follows:[note: 17]

From: angelahengsiewlee@hotmail.com

To: epereira@singnet.com.sg

Subject: Change of lawyer

Date: Mon, **15 Mar 2010****21:54:37** +0800

Dear Mr Pereira,

_I wished to ceased_ [_sic_] _my contract with Miss Selina_ _Chiong_ for
representing me on my divorce proceedings. _I hoped_ _that your firm can
follow up my case by assigning another lawyer to me._ Please ref to your
references: SC.ar.80004.10. Kindly revert to me at [xxx].

[emphasis added in bold and in italics]

30 The second email,[note: 18] which had exactly the same content as the First
Email, was forwarded by Heng to Mr Pereira’s office email address on 16 March
2010 at 6.50pm, which was after the Firm’s office operating hours.

31 In our view, it is not immediately apparent that the First Email sent by
Heng on 15 March 2010 unequivocally revoked the Firm’s authority to act for
her. As a client, Heng was entitled to withdraw the Firm’s authority to act on
her behalf, and upon such an instruction being given, neither the Firm nor any
member thereof would thereafter be authorised to act on her behalf. It is also
not clear that Heng specifically revoked Chiong’s authority to act on her
behalf, while at the same time maintaining the Firm’s retainer.

32 It is important to closely examine what Heng wrote. While Heng expressly
stated in the First Email that she “wished to ceased [_sic_] [her]
contract”[note: 19] with Chiong, she immediately went on to state that she
“hoped that [the] [F]irm [could] follow up [on her] case by assigning another
lawyer to [her]”.[note: 20] In other words, the substance of the First Email
was that Heng intended to retain the Firm to act for her, although she wanted
to change the solicitor in charge of her case. In our view, the First Email
was a request by Heng to the Firm to assign someone else in place of Chiong to
handle her matter. It in no way revoked Heng’s instructions for the Firm to
act for her. Furthermore, Heng’s intention to “ceased [_sic_] [her]
contract”[note: 21] with Chiong was framed as a request or an expression of
future intent, rather than as an instruction. Thus, it was not at all clear
that Chiong no longer had authority to act on Heng’s behalf after Heng sent
the First Email. This also showed a recognition by Heng that it was the
prerogative of the Firm to assign a particular lawyer to handle her matter.

33 We therefore find that on 15 March 2010, Heng did not unequivocally revoke
her instructions for the Firm or Chiong to act on her behalf.

The second element of the charge

34 As for the second element of the fourth charge, the DT found at [44] of the
Report that Chiong “admitted in her testimony that she knew on 15 March 2010
that the Complainant had terminated her services”. This finding was presumably
based on the following testimony of Chiong given under cross-
examination:[note: 22]

Q |  So when were you aware of the termination of your services by Mdm Heng? When precisely?  
---|---  
A |  _Okay. I got a email from her – no actually I didn’t get an email from her. She came to the office so everybody knew._  
Q |  That were –  
A |  _But what I’m saying is that I never said, okay, that I didn’t know. I knew she terminated us on the 15th. I knew._  
President: |  When did you know that she terminated you?  
Witness: |  I don’t know when but I –  
President:  |  On 15th?  
Witness:  |  15th –  
President: |  The question is when – when did you know?  
Witness: |  _Yes, 15th, I know._ Mr Pereira –  
President: |  On 15th you knew?  
Witness: |  – told me, yah. And she was shouting and yelling outside anyway, the whole building knows.  
Q |  _So 15th of March you already knew that she terminated your services?_  
A |  _Yes._  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

35 However, and with respect to the DT, we find that Chiong might have been
confused as to the exact date on which Heng withdrew her authority to the Firm
to act for her. Looking at the transcripts[note: 23] immediately following the
“admission” above, the picture painted seemed to suggest that while Chiong
knew that Heng was visibly upset when she turned up at the Firm’s premises on
15 March 2010, she was _not_ certain that the authority of the Firm to act for
Heng was withdrawn on that date:[note: 24]

QSo on the 16th of March, why did you then draft a letter to be sent out to
the husband’s lawyer?

AOkay. On 15th of March, Mr Pereira told me, okay, that she is terminating our
authority but he says that we cannot accept the termination until we have made
sure that all our – whatever documents that she has, we will hold it as lien
for monies that she owed to us, okay. So on the 16th – okay, on the 16th, we
have to, erm – Mr Pereira say we have to hold lien. So then, er – and at the
same time, she – he said, “We are in a difficult position because on the one
hand he had – she has terminated us, okay. But we cannot formally release the
work until we have make sure that, you know, she paid out all the money and
things like that. But on the other hand, since we are still having the matter,
we have to go – go ahead and do whatever we need to do.”

…

Q[On] 15th of March, _you clearly knew that Mdm Heng has terminated your
services through –_

AWell, I know –

Q– Edmond Pereira.

A… _I know for sure on 16th. But on 15th, Mr Pereira told me that, er, she’s
been making a lot of trouble. So – but on the 16th, I’ve got a email. I think
there was an email sent to me._

…

QAll right. So on the 16th, you were clearly aware that your services ha[ve]
been terminated?

AEr, yah, about, yah, 16th.

QOkay. **_When your services are terminated_** –

AMm-hm.

Q… **_do you still go about doing client’s work without their authority?_**

A **_No. So I stopped._**

…

Q… [So] you were fully aware that by the 16th of March you were already
terminated by Mdm Heng. So what client’s instructions are you talking about
[with regard to drafting the letter to the husband’s solicitor dated 16 March
2010]?

AYou mean you are saying that on the 16th, she has terminate – no. **_You see,
I also don’t know what this client is trying to do._** You see, she has also
told us, confirmed our authority that she will file her di – she wants to go
for – she wants to go for mediation or something, I don’t know. **_She was
just giving a lot of problems. So on the 16th, okay, her instructions was
still that she will – she wants to go for trial._**

QNo. Her instructions to you by the 16th is that your services are terminated
–

A **_Yah, but she_** –

Q– Ms Chiong.

A– **_[was] still calling our secretary, “Where – have you – have you sent the
letter? Have you sent the letter to ask my ex-husband to file the defence?”
She’s still asking us to do it._**

QMs Chiong, once your services are terminated, what do you then do?

A **_Yah, but does that – is that – an unequivocal termination because she’s
still calling us. She wanted us to ask the ex-husband to file the defence._**

QMs Chiong, you are fully aware that you were terminated at least by the 16th
of March.

…

A… [T]hings are not all black and white, okay. On 15th, she came and gave a
lot of trouble. Mr Pereira said better discharge ourself. 16th, okay, she …
16th still call … everybody she can call. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

36 We find that Chiong’s evidence, while not a model of clarity, is consistent
with the documentary evidence before us, such as the First Email. Indeed,
Chiong’s answers, as quoted above, are quite confusing. It seemed that Heng
was unhappy not with the Firm, but with Chiong because the latter had not
acted expeditiously enough. Even as late as 17 March 2010, Heng was still in
communication with Mr Pereira, when she sent an email to him stating:[note:
25]

I am glad to ha[ve] your assurance. … To protect my own interests, I want all
documents to be produce [_sic_] and show it to me. Lastly, I hope my [case]
can be [resolved] without dragging further.

37 The tone of the First Email suggests that Heng wanted early action on her
matter without further delay, rather than that she wanted to terminate her
retainer of the Firm. To Heng’s email of 17 March 2010, Mr Pereira replied on
18 March 2010 stating:[note: 26]

Ms Heng, I understand that [you] called my office to speak to me. I am down
with a bad throat and have no voice. …

Will speak to you [tomorrow]. Too many papers to look into in too short a
time. …

38 In our view, Mr Pereira’s reply did not indicate that he thought Heng was
terminating her retainer of the Firm. He was going to act on her request that
her matter be looked into “without dragging further”,[note: 27] and especially
that someone else in the Firm be assigned to handle her matter in place of
Chiong. Therefore, for the second element, we do not think the evidence
supported the charge that Chiong was conscious that Heng had revoked the
authority of the Firm to act for Heng by the time Chiong wrote the letter
dated 16 March 2010 to the law firm acting for Heng’s husband, M/s A Alagappan
& Co.

The third element of the charge

39 With regard to the third element of the fourth charge, the fact that Chiong
sent a letter to M/s A Alagappan & Co dated 16 March 2010, which letter was
received on 19 March 2010, and that Chiong continued to act for Heng after 15
March 2010 were both not in dispute and do not require further consideration.
However, there is no evidence that Chiong wrote the letter on 19 March 2010
and backdated it to 16 March 2010. It could well be that she wrote it on 16
March 2010, but, in her disorganised way, only got it dispatched on 19 March
2010.

Conclusion for the fourth charge

40 In the light of the above, we would, with respect, differ from the DT and
hold that the fourth main charge and the alternative fourth charge have not
been made out against Chiong. We do not agree with the DT’s finding at [44] of
the Report that Chiong “knew on 15 March 2010 that the Complainant had
terminated her services” and that Chiong “had no authority to write such a
letter [_ie_ , the letter to M/s A Alagappan & Co dated 16 March 2010] on 16
March 2010”.

The appropriate sanction

41 We now turn to consider the appropriate sanction to be imposed on Chiong in
respect of the third main charge, the alternative first charge and the
alternative second charge (collectively, “the relevant charges”). Section
83(1) of the LPA sets out the scope of the power of the court to deal with an
errant advocate and solicitor as follows:

**83.** —(1) All advocates and solicitors shall be subject to the control of
the Supreme Court and shall be liable on due cause shown —

(_a_)to be struck off the roll;

(_b_)to be suspended from practice for a period not exceeding 5 years;

(_c_)to pay a penalty of not more than $100,000;

(_d_)to be censured; or

(_e_)to suffer the punishment referred to in paragraph (_c_) in addition to
the punishment referred to in paragraph (_b_) or (_d_).

42 In its submissions, the Law Society relied particularly on [47] of the
Report, where the DT stated:

As mentioned in paragraph 38 above, some of the facts complained of are
trivial and would not have warranted disciplinary action on their own.
However, others such as acting without authority and misrepresentation are
serious. _Taken together, a picture emerges of a solicitor who behaved
irresponsibly towards her client for the entire duration of her service._ Not
only did she not apologise for her shortcomings, she launched into insults and
offensive language against the Complainant, who showed commendable self-
restraint on the stand. [emphasis added]

43 The principles that apply in determining the appropriate sanction where
dishonesty or deceit is not involved were recently restated in _Law Society of
Singapore v Tay Choon_ _Leng John_ [2012] 3 SLR 150 (“ _John Tay_ ”) in the
context of the 2008 amendment to s 83(1) of the LPA, which now provides (via s
83(1)(_c_)) that a monetary penalty of up to $100,000 – a punishment which was
not previously available to the court – may be imposed for misconduct. In
_John Tay_ , this court endorsed at [57] its previous decision in _Law Society
of Singapore v Andre Ravindran_ _Saravanapavan Arul_ [2011] 4 SLR 1184, where
it held (at [36]):

… This [monetary] penalty was introduced to enable the court of three judges
to impose fines for disciplinary offences that are too serious to be punished
with mere censures, but insufficiently serious to deserve the punishment of
suspension from practice. In our view, the disciplinary offence of
overcharging amounting to grossly improper conduct falls within this category
of disciplinary offences, provided no deception or dishonesty is involved. _We
hold that the starting point in imposing a proportionate penalty for
overcharging amounting to grossly improper conduct should be a fine in the
first instance, and not a suspension of the errant lawyer from practice_. A
fine, especially a heavy fine, together with payment of the disciplinary
tribunal’s and the Law Society’s costs in the proceedings, should generally be
an adequate punishment for the errant solicitor. Repeat offenders will, of
course, be penalised more severely. … [emphasis added]

44 While this passage relates to the specific offence of overcharging
amounting to grossly improper conduct, it stands for the general proposition
that cases involving grossly improper conduct without dishonesty or deceit
will generally attract a monetary penalty. Having said that, it does not
follow that in every case involving grossly improper conduct, monetary
penalties will necessarily be sufficient. Much would depend on the overall
circumstances, including whether or not dishonesty or deceit is involved. As
this court stated in _John Tay_ at [59]:

59 It is clear, therefore, that the distinguishing factor between an offence
that warrants a monetary penalty and one that warrants suspension or
disbarment is the element of _dishonesty_ or _deceit_. Gross negligence may or
may not be sufficient; it will have to depend on the overall circumstances. Do
they come close to dishonesty? Where dishonesty or deceit on the solicitor’s
part is not made out, the starting point should be a monetary penalty.
[emphasis in original]

45 Aggravating circumstances, such as a previous disciplinary record of
misconduct, may justify a departure from the aforesaid starting point, leading
to the imposition of more serious sanctions, such as suspension from practice
or – in more extreme cases – striking the advocate and solicitor off the roll.
Here, we note that in 2005, Chiong was suspended from practice for one year
for breaches of the Legal Profession (Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules (Cap 161, R
8, 1999 Rev Ed) as well as s 77(2) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001
Rev Ed) (for permitting her husband, who was not an advocate and solicitor, to
be a co-signatory of the office and client’s accounts of her firm): see _Law
Society of Singapore v Chiong Chin May Selena_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 320.

46 The Law Society submitted that based on the overall circumstances, Chiong’s
misconduct was “severe in terms of the scale and magnitude”[note: 28] of the
way in which she intentionally misled Heng (in relation to the third charge),
and that the acts complained of were not committed innocently or
inadvertently. We agree. While Chiong is acquitted by us of the fourth main
charge (and the alternative fourth charge) of acting without authority, the
DT’s finding that Chiong “behaved irresponsibly towards [Heng] for the entire
duration of her service” (see the Report at [47]) remains unaffected.

47 Moreover, the lack of remorse on Chiong’s part was evident in her written
submissions before us, where she maintained that she had “done nothing to
justify the Complainant’s wrath and her vicious complaint”[note: 29] even in
the face of incontrovertible evidence, going so far as to describe Heng’s
conduct as a “totally unjustifiable and unexpected vicious attack”[note: 30]
upon her and to describe Heng as “sensitive and neurotic”.[note: 31] We would
also emphasise here that the misconduct in relation to the third charge comes
close to deceit.

48 In the light of the above considerations, including Chiong’s previous
misconduct, we do not think that a penalty of a fine would be adequate. We
thus impose a sanction of six months’ suspension from practice on Chiong in
respect of the relevant charges. This order of suspension shall take effect
immediately unless Chiong or the Law Society shall, within ten days of the
date of this judgment, write in to the court to request otherwise.

Costs

49 In view of the variations which this court has made in relation to the
findings of the DT, we think it is only fair that Chiong should only have to
bear half of the costs incurred before the DT and this court. We do so order
accordingly.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) Vol I at pp 1–6.

[note: 2]See ROP Vol I at p 8.

[note: 3]See ROP Vol I at pp 14–17.

[note: 4]See, _eg_ , the first main charge at ROP Vol I, p 15.

[note: 5]_Ibid_.

[note: 6]See the DT’s report dated 9 December 2011 at [5].

[note: 7]See the Law Society’s written submissions dated 8 May 2012 (“the Law
Society’s Written Submissions”) at para 15.

[note: 8]See the Law Society’s Written Submissions at para 21.

[note: 9]See the Law Society’s Written Submissions at paras 22 and 23.

[note: 10]See the Law Society’s Written Submissions at para 24.

[note: 11]_Ibid_.

[note: 12]See the Law Society’s Written Submissions at para 26.

[note: 13]See the Law Society’s Written Submissions at para 32.

[note: 14]See the Law Society’s Written Submissions at para 35.

[note: 15]See the Respondent’s defence dated 12 July 2012.

[note: 16]See ROP Vol I at p 17.

[note: 17]See ROP Vol I at p 71.

[note: 18]_Ibid_.

[note: 19]_Ibid_.

[note: 20]_Ibid_.

[note: 21]_Ibid_.

[note: 22]See Notes of Evidence, Day 2, at p 166 (at ROP Vol III, p 186).

[note: 23]See Notes of Evidence, Day 2, at pp 166–169 (at ROP Vol III, pp
186–189).

[note: 24]_Ibid_.

[note: 25]See ROP Vol I at p 72.

[note: 26]_Ibid_.

[note: 27]_Ibid_.

[note: 28]See the Law Society’s Written Submissions at para 37.

[note: 29]See the Respondent’s defence dated 12 July 2012.

[note: 30]_Ibid_.

[note: 31]_Ibid_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jan 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

