Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  _Re_ Caplan Jonathan Michael QC  
[2013] SGHC 75

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 44 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 April 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Pateloo Eruthiyanathan Ashokan and Sheryl Cher Ya Li
(KhattarWong LLP) for the applicant; Christopher Ong Siu Jin and Joel Chen
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Aurill Kam Su Cheun,
Tan Zhongshan and Jurena Chan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Attorney-
General; andChristopher Anand Daniel and Harjean Kaur (Advocatus Law LLP) for
The Law Society of Singapore.  
Parties| :|  Re Caplan Jonathan Michael QC  
  
8 April 2013|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 This application was made pursuant to s 15 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2009 Rev Ed) (hereinafter referred to as “the current LPA” to distinguish
it from its predecessor versions) for Mr Jonathan Michael Caplan QC (“Mr
Caplan QC”) to be admitted as an advocate and solicitor of Singapore for the
purpose of representing one Chew Eng Han (“the Accused”) as his defence
counsel in District Arrest Cases Nos 023158 to 023167 of 2012, including any
appeals therefrom (“the Criminal Proceedings”). The application was opposed by
the Public Prosecutor (“the PP”), the Attorney-General (“the AG”) and The Law
Society of Singapore (“the LSS”). After hearing the parties’ submissions, I
dismissed the application and gave brief oral grounds for my decision. I now
set out my full grounds.

The facts

Background to the Criminal Proceedings

2 City Harvest Church (“CHC”) is a society registered under the Societies Act
(Cap 311, 1985 Rev Ed). The Accused was the fund manager of CHC at the
material time. On or about 31 May 2010, the Commercial Affairs Department
(“the CAD”) commenced investigations into CHC and other entities relating to
CHC. The Accused was first called in for investigations by the CAD on or about
31 May 2010. The following people from CHC were also involved in the CAD
investigations (collectively referred to as “the Co-Accused Persons”):

(a) Reverend Kong Hee (“Reverend Kong”), President of the Management Board of
CHC;

(b) Mr Tan Ye Peng (“Mr Tan”), Vice-President of the Management Board of CHC;

(c) Ms Serina Wee Gek Yin (“Ms Wee”), a member of the Management Board of CHC;

(d) Mr Lam Leng Hung (“Mr Lam”), a member of the Management Board of CHC; and

(e) Ms Tan Shao Yuen Sharon (“Ms Tan”), the Finance Manager of CHC.

3 About two years later, the CAD investigations culminated in the Accused
being charged in court on or about 27 June 2012 with six charges of criminal
breach of trust (“CBT”) under s 409 read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the current PC”) and four charges of falsification of
accounts under s 477A read with s 109 of the current PC. The relevant
provisions are reproduced below:

**Punishment of abetment if the act abetted is committed in consequence, and
where no express provision is made for its punishment**

**109**. Whoever abets any offence shall, if the act abetted is committed in
consequence of the abetment, and no express provision is made by this Code for
the punishment of such abetment, be punished with the punishment provided for
the offence.

...

**Criminal breach of trust by public servant, or by banker, merchant, or
agent**

**409**. Whoever, being in any manner entrusted with property, or with any
dominion over property, in his capacity of a public servant, or in the way of
his business as a banker, a merchant, a factor, a broker, an attorney or an
agent, commits criminal breach of trust in respect of that property, shall be
punished with imprisonment for life, or with imprisonment for a term which may
extend to 20 years, and shall also be liable to fine.

...

**Falsification of accounts**

**477A**. Whoever, being a clerk, officer or servant, or employed or acting in
the capacity of a clerk, officer or servant, wilfully and with intent to
defraud destroys, alters, conceals, mutilates or falsifies any book,
electronic record, paper, writing, valuable security or account which belongs
to or is in the possession of his employer, or has been received by him for or
on behalf of his employer, or wilfully and with intent to defraud makes or
abets the making of any false entry in, or omits or alters or abets the
omission or alteration of any material particular from or in any such book,
electronic record, paper, writing, valuable security or account, shall be
punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 10 years, or with
fine, or with both.

…

4 In the first to third charges, it was alleged that the Accused abetted by
engaging in a conspiracy with Reverend Kong, Mr Tan, Ms Wee and Mr Lam to
commit CBT by an agent in relation to monies belonging to the CHC Building
Fund, and that pursuant to that conspiracy, a total of S$24m belonging to the
CHC Building Fund was dishonestly misappropriated for the purposes of funding
the music career of Ho Yeow Sun (“Sun Ho”), the wife of Reverend Kong (_vis-à-
vis_ the first to third charges), and providing funds to one Wahju Hanafi
(_vis-à-vis_ the third charge), which were not authorised purposes of the CHC
Building Fund. The dishonest misappropriation was allegedly made by way of
transferring monies from the CHC Building Fund to third-party companies,
namely, Xtron Productions Pte Ltd (“Xtron”) (_vis-à-vis_ the first and second
charges) and PT The First National Glassware (“Firna”) (_vis-à-vis_ the third
charge), under the guise of investments by CHC in bonds issued by Xtron and
Firna.

5 In the fourth to sixth charges (“the Round-Tripping Charges”), it was
alleged that the Accused abetted by engaging in a conspiracy with Mr Tan, Ms
Tan and Ms Wee to commit CBT in respect of the CHC Building Fund (_vis-à-vis_
the fourth and sixth charges) and the CHC General Fund (_vis-à-vis_ the fifth
charge), and that pursuant to that conspiracy, monies from those funds were
dishonestly misappropriated by way of transferring monies from the respective
funds to AMAC Capital Partners (Pte) Ltd (“AMAC”) (_vis-à-vis_ the fourth and
fifth charges) and Xtron (_vis-à-vis_ the sixth charge) to generate the false
appearance that certain investments in Firna bonds had been redeemed, which
was not an authorised purpose of those funds.

6 In the seventh to tenth charges, it was alleged that the Accused, wilfully
and with intent to defraud, abetted by engaging in a conspiracy with Mr Tan,
Ms Tan and Ms Wee to falsify the accounts of CHC, and that pursuant to that
conspiracy, Ms Tan instigated one Dua Poh Teng (an assistant accountant of
CHC) to record false entries in CHC’s accounts to create the false appearance
that bond investments in Xtron and Firna had been either fully redeemed or set
off against advance rental payments.

7 The transactions and/or events that formed the basis of the charges against
the Accused are summarised in the table below (collectively referred to as
“the Transactions”):

Charge No |  Transaction  
---|---  
1 |  Transfer of $10m from the CHC Building Fund to Xtron between 23 August 2007 and 2 January 2008  
2 |  Transfer of $3m from the CHC Building Fund to Xtron on or about 5 March 2008  
3 |  Transfer of $11m from the CHC Building Fund to Firna between 6 October 2008 and 19 June 2009  
4 |  Disbursement of $5.8m from the CHC Building Fund into AMAC’s Special Opportunities Fund on or about 2 October 2009  
5 |  Disbursement of $5.6m from the CHC General Fund into AMAC’s Special Opportunities Fund on or about 14 October 2009  
6 |  Disbursement of $15,238,936.61 from the CHC Building Fund to Xtron on or about 6 November 2009  
7 |  Entry describing a payment of $5.8m made to AMAC as “Investment-Special Opportunity Fund” under the accounts item “Investment” in CHC’s accounts on or about 2 October 2009  
8 |  Entry describing a payment of $5.6m made to AMAC as “Special Opportunity Fund” under the accounts item “Investment” in CHC’s accounts on or about 27 October 2009  
9 |  Entry describing a set-off amounting to $21.5m in favour of Xtron as “Redemption of Xtron Bonds” in CHC’s accounts on or about 31 October 2009  
10 |  Entry describing a payment of $15,238,936.61 made to Xtron as “Advance Rental with Xtron” under the accounts item “Prepayments” in CHC’s accounts on or about 6 November 2009  
  
  

8 At the time of the hearing of this application, the first tranche of the
trial was tentatively scheduled to begin on 6 May 2013 for three weeks, while
the second tranche of the trial was tentatively scheduled to begin on 26
August 2013 for four weeks. The trial is fixed to be a joint trial with the
Co-Accused Persons, who have been charged with similar offences in relation to
the Transactions.

Background to this application

9 Sometime after the CAD investigations commenced, the Accused sought to
engage Mr Davinder Singh SC of Drew & Napier LLC to represent him. However,
the Accused soon found out that Mr Davinder Singh SC would not be able to act
for him and the Co-Accused Persons in the Criminal Proceedings as Drew &
Napier LLC had been involved in the drafting of the bond subscription
agreements which were likely to feature in those proceedings.

10 When the Accused was charged on or about 27 June 2012, he engaged Mr Lok Vi
Ming SC of Rodyk & Davidson LLP to represent him. Although he knew at that
time that one of Mr Lok Vi Ming SC’s partners was advising the directors of
Xtron, he subsequently became uncomfortable with the retainer as Xtron’s
directors could be potential witnesses in the Criminal Proceedings. The
Accused therefore discharged Mr Lok Vi Ming SC. It was not clear when this
took place.

11 Subsequently, the Accused engaged the services of Mr Francis Xavier s/o
Subramaniam Xavier Augustine SC (“Mr Francis Xavier SC”) of Rajah & Tann LLP.
At the hearing of this application, the Accused confirmed to the court through
his counsel for this application, Mr Pateloo Eruthiyanathan Ashokan (“Mr
Ashokan”), that sometime in August 2012, Mr Francis Xavier SC first informed
the Accused that he might have to discharge himself due to a conflict of
interest arising from Rajah & Tann LLP’s involvement in the drafting of the
bond subscription agreements which were likely to feature in the Criminal
Proceedings. The Accused also informed the court through Mr Ashokan that Mr
Francis Xavier SC’s subsequent confirmation that he could not continue acting
for the Accused was communicated to the Accused sometime in September 2012.

12 By this time, the Co-Accused Persons had engaged the following lawyers from
the following law firms to act for them in the Criminal Proceedings:

Co-Accused Person |  Lawyers on record |  Law firm(s) on record  
---|---|---  
Reverend Kong |  Mr Edwin Tong, Mr Aaron Lee, Mr Jason Chan, Mr Tan Kai Liang, Ms Lee May Ling |  Allen & Gledhill LLP  
Mr Tan |  Mr Chelva Rajah SC, Mr Burton Chen, Mr Chen Chee Yen, Ms Megan Chia |  Tan Rajah & Cheah  
Mr N Sreenivasan SC, Mr S Balamurugan |  Straits Law Practice LLC  
Ms Wee |  Mr Andre Maniam SC, Ms Simran Toor, Mr Russell Pereira, Mr Liang Hanting |  WongPartnership LLP  
Mr Lam |  Mr Kenneth Tan SC |  Kenneth Tan Partnership  
Mr Nicholas Narayanan |  Nicholas & Tan LLP  
Ms Tan |  Mr Kannan Ramesh SC, Mr Paul Seah, Ms Ho Xin Ling, Ms Cheryl Nah, Ms Tan Jie Xuan |  Tan Kok Quan Partnership  
Mr Jeffrey Ong |  JLC Advisors LLP  
  
  

13 At the hearing of this application, the Accused also confirmed to the court
through Mr Ashokan the following details surrounding his subsequent personal
attempts at engaging a local Senior Counsel to take on his case:

(a) The Accused met Mr Nehal Harpreet Singh SC (“Mr Harpreet Singh SC”) (who
was then at WongPartnership LLP) twice, once in August 2012 at The Coffee Club
in Raffles Place and another time in September 2012 at a food and beverage
outlet in East Coast. Mr Harpreet Singh SC eventually declined to take on the
case as he had previously been a partner in Drew & Napier LLC and was thus
also in a position of potential conflict of interest. It was not made clear
what was said between them.

(b) The Accused met Professor Walter Woon SC at his office at the National
University of Singapore, Faculty of Law, sometime in August or September 2012.
Professor Walter Woon SC purportedly declined the engagement because he was
busy.

(c) The Accused met Mr Amarjeet Singh SC of KhattarWong LLP at his office
sometime in August or September 2012. Mr Amarjeet Singh SC was said to have
declined to take on the case because of his long service on the Bench, and
also because he had since chosen to do alternative dispute resolution and
consultation work which did not require him to attend court.

14 In addition to these attempts, the Accused also sought to rely on the
following efforts that were not made by him and which he had no personal
knowledge of. The Accused gave further details of these indirect efforts
through Mr Ashokan at the hearing of this application:

(a) Ms Kwa Kim Li of Lee & Lee indicated to Reverend Kong that the firm was
unable to take on the Accused’s case. It was not known when and how this
communication took place.

(b) A friend of the Accused, Mr Kush Chopra, called Mr Michael Sydney Hwang SC
(“Mr Michael Hwang SC”) of Michael Hwang SC. Mr Michael Hwang SC declined to
take on the Accused’s case because he had previously acted and was still
acting for CHC. It was not known when this call took place and precisely what
was said.

15 On 19 October 2012, the Accused’s intention to engage a Queen’s Counsel was
made known to the District Court at a pre-trial conference. Sometime before 31
October 2012, the Accused was able to obtain Mr Caplan QC’s confirmation that
the latter was willing to act for him in the Criminal Proceedings. On 31
October 2012, Mr Francis Xavier SC officially discharged himself as the
Accused’s counsel, and the Accused engaged Mr Ashokan on the understanding
that Mr Ashokan would assist him in the present application and appear as the
instructing solicitor in the Criminal Proceedings. Mr Ashokan took
instructions and filed the present application on 14 January 2013. At the
hearing, Mr Ashokan explained that he had been unable to file the application
earlier as he had been away in December 2012, and that he had been unable to
secure an earlier hearing date for this application as the other parties had
wanted time to file affidavits in reply.

The issues before the court

16 The issues before the court arising from the present application were as
follows:

(a) important procedural practice points to be gleaned from the conduct of
this application;

(b) the legal principles governing applications for the _ad hoc_ admission of
foreign senior counsel (“ _ad hoc_ admission applications”) in criminal cases
under the current statutory framework; and

(c) the substantive merits of this application on the facts of this case.

Important procedural practice points in relation to _ad hoc_ admission
applications

17 Before examining the legal issues and the substantive merits of this
application, it is important to highlight a few procedural practice points for
solicitors to consider in future _ad hoc_ admission applications, particularly
since the regime set out for such applications in s 15 of the current LPA is a
relatively new regime.

18 The first significant procedural practice point relates to the issue of
solicitors affirming affidavits on behalf of their clients. As stated in O 41
r 5(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”),
“[s]ubject to the other provisions of [the ROC], an affidavit may contain
_only such facts as the deponent is able of his own knowledge to prove_ ”
[emphasis added]. The underlying reason for this rule is two-fold. First,
although it may not happen often in practice, the court may, on the
application of any party, order the attendance for cross-examination of a
person making an affidavit in connection with an originating summons or
summons pursuant to O 38 r 2(2) of the ROC. The second plank of the underlying
rationale is the rule against an advocate and solicitor acting as both counsel
_and witness_ in the same case, as encapsulated now in r 64(2) of the Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the
PCR”), which provides as follows:

An advocate and solicitor shall discharge himself from representing a client
if it becomes apparent to the advocate and solicitor that he is likely to be a
witness on a material question of fact.

19 The rationale of the rule against counsel becoming witnesses, encapsulated
now in r 64(2) of the PCR, was elucidated upon by G P Selvam JC in _The “Evpo
Agsa”_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 662 (“ _Evpo Agsa_ ”). In _Evpo Agsa_ , the defendants’
case was presented on the basis of affidavits made by counsel in which the
latter “made conclusions of facts, arguments, comments, inferences, statements
of law, gave expert opinion, relied on hearsay evidence, self-serving
documents and generally argued the defendants’ case” (at [19]). Selvam JC
rejected the contents of those affidavits and highlighted the rationale of the
rule against counsel becoming witnesses (at [15]–[16]):

15 … [T]he rule was stated more than 400 years ago that counsel and counsel’s
clerks should not become witnesses in cases in which they are retained:
_Breame v Breame_ 21 ER 120 and _Lee v Markham_ 21 ER 120. In _R v Secretary
of State for India in Council, Ex parte Ezekiel_ [1941] 2 KB 169, Humphreys J,
after the judgments had been delivered, repeated the time-honoured injunction
in these words:

Before the court parts with this case, there is a short observation which the
other members of the court desire me to make and with which I agree. It was
brought to the attention of the court that, on the hearing at Bow Street
police court, junior counsel on one side was called as a witness to prove
certain aspects of Indian law and continued thereafter to act as counsel in
the case. No objection was taken to this by counsel on the other side. We
think it right to point out that this is irregular and contrary to practice.
**_A barrister may be briefed as counsel in a case or he may be a witness in a
case. He should not act as counsel and witness in the same case._**

16 Those [words] must equally apply to counsel making affidavits where the
facts are in dispute. The reason is plain. **_Advocates are officers of court
and, as such, great trust is placed on them. When counsel identify themselves
not with the case or the client, they could unconsciously or consciously shape
the evidence to favour their case and client. They must not allow themselves
to be drawn into a situation where they consciously or unconsciously do just
that_** _._**_Again, it places the court in difficulty._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

20 In the present application, Mr Ashokan filed two affidavits giving evidence
of, amongst other things, the facts set out in [2]–[15] above, which, he
admitted at the hearing of this application, he had no personal knowledge of.
In fairness to Mr Ashokan, I should mention that he appeared to have made an
innocent error in misconstruing s 15(3) of the current LPA, which provides as
follows:

**Ad hoc admissions**

**15.** …

…

(3) Any person who applies to be admitted under this section shall do so by
originating summons _supported by an affidavit of the applicant, or of the
advocate and solicitor instructing him_ , stating the names of the parties and
brief particulars of the case in which the applicant intends to appear.

…

[emphasis added]

Mr Ashokan thought that he should affirm the affidavits filed in support of
this application since s 15(3) of the current LPA prescribed that the
applicant (_ie_ , Mr Caplan QC) or the advocate and solicitor instructing him
(_ie_ , Mr Ashokan himself) was to do so. I pause to note that the “applicant”
in s 15(3) refers for convenience to the foreign senior counsel seeking
admission (in the present case, Mr Caplan QC), although, for all intents and
purposes, the true applicant is actually the party in the proceedings who
seeks to have that foreign senior counsel represent him (in the present case,
the Accused). Coming back to the point, there is no reason at all to think
that Parliament intended s 15(3) of the current LPA to change the long-
standing rule against affirming affidavits containing facts that are not
within the deponent’s personal knowledge and the related rule against counsel
becoming witnesses.

21 Mr Ashokan also explained to me in chambers after the hearing that he was
influenced by the fact that the solicitor in _Re Andrews Geraldine Mary QC_
[2013] 1 SLR 872 (“ _Re Geraldine Andrews_ ”), Mr Narayanan Vijya Kumar (“Mr
Vijya”), had filed the first affidavit in support of the _ad hoc_ admission
application, and I had granted Mr Vijya leave to file a supplementary
affidavit setting out the factual, legal, procedural and evidential issues
that were in issue in the civil suit in respect of which the _ad hoc_
admission of the foreign senior counsel concerned, Ms Geraldine Mary Andrews
QC, was sought (see _Re Geraldine Andrews_ at [49]). For the avoidance of
doubt, _Re Geraldine Andrews_ should not be taken as authority for the general
proposition that solicitors should affirm the affidavits filed in support of
_ad hoc_ admission applications. The situation in _Re Geraldine Andrews_ was
rather different from that in the present case as the solicitor in that case
(_ie_ , Mr Vijya) had direct and personal knowledge of the relevant facts,
including the facts surrounding his client’s attempts to engage local Senior
Counsel with commensurate experience in commercial disputes.

22 In _ad hoc_ admission applications, solicitors should confine the contents
of the affidavits that they affirm to: (a) the names of the parties and brief
particulars of the case in which the foreign senior counsel concerned intends
to appear (see s 15(3) of the current LPA); (b) a summary of the material
facts; (c) specific reference to the legal and factual issues involved in the
underlying case that are said to justify the admission of a foreign senior
counsel (see _Re Geraldine Andrews_ at [49]); and (d) facts that are within
their personal knowledge. When it comes to facts not within a solicitor’s
personal knowledge, the appropriate person to affirm the affidavit would be
the person who has personal knowledge of those facts. Thus, when it comes to,
for example, the efforts made by a client in seeking an appropriate local
counsel _before_ he engaged a solicitor to make an _ad hoc_ admission
application, it should be the client, and not the solicitor, who affirms those
efforts in an affidavit, since the solicitor would have no personal knowledge
of what transpired before he came on board. In a similar vein, when it comes
to the applicant’s “special qualifications or experience for the purpose of
the case” pursuant to s 15(1)(_c_) of the current LPA, it is preferably the
applicant, and not the solicitor or the client, who affirms this in an
affidavit. In particular, for the purposes of an _ad hoc_ admission
application, the foreign senior counsel in question should also expressly
confirm in his affidavit that he has considered the application and all the
relevant material in relation to the underlying proceedings, and that he is
able to expertly discharge his duties.

23 Having clarified who should file affidavits in support of _ad hoc_
admission applications, I turn now to another important procedural practice
point pertaining to the details of the contents of such affidavits. It is
important for the court to have the fullest possible picture of all the
relevant facts. In particular, the full details of the party’s efforts in
securing local counsel should be presented to the court for the purposes of
facilitating the court’s consideration of: (a) the necessity for the services
of a foreign senior counsel; and (b) the availability of local Senior Counsel
or other local advocate and solicitor with appropriate experience (see
[66]–[68] below). The details to be provided should include the nature of the
contact between the party and the local counsel who was approached (whether
personally or through a third party), the mode of contact (whether in writing,
orally over the telephone or in person), the date(s) and duration(s) of the
call(s) and/or meeting(s), the venue(s) of the meeting(s), as well as a
summary of the discussion(s) held. In addition, the date of the local
counsel’s refusal to take on the party’s case and the reasons given should
also be set out in detail. This list is by no means exhaustive, and solicitors
should endeavour to ensure that all relevant details are presented to the
court and are supported by relevant documentary evidence.

24 In the present case, some of these important details, in particular, those
set out at [11], [13] and [14] above, were only provided to the court after I
stood the hearing down for Mr Ashokan to take the Accused’s further
instructions as to these details. In future _ad hoc_ admission applications,
solicitors should bear in mind all the procedural practice points elaborated
above. This will better assist both the court and the other interested parties
in assessing the merits of such applications.

The legal principles governing _ad hoc_ admission applications

The relevant statutory provisions

25 The legal issues in this application revolve around the interpretation of
the statutory framework set out in ss 15(1), 15(2) and 15(6A) of the current
LPA. The said provisions read:

**Ad hoc admissions**

**15.** —(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the court
may, for the purpose of any one case, admit to practise as an advocate and
solicitor any person who —

(_a_) holds —

(i) Her Majesty’s Patent as Queen’s Counsel; or

(ii) any appointment of equivalent distinction of any jurisdiction;

(_b_) does not ordinarily reside in Singapore or Malaysia, but has come or
intends to come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in the case; and

(_c_) has special qualifications or experience for the purpose of the case.

(2) The court shall not admit a person under this section in any case
involving any area of legal practice prescribed under section 10 for the
purposes of this subsection, unless the court is satisfied that there is a
**_special reason_** to do so.

…

(6A) The Chief Justice may, after consulting the Judges of the Supreme Court,
by notification published in the _Gazette_ , specify the matters that the
court may consider when deciding whether to admit a person under this section.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

I should point out here that prior to 1 April 2012, only Queen’s Counsel, as
opposed to other foreign senior counsel holding “any appointment of equivalent
distinction of any jurisdiction” (see s 15(1)(_a_)(ii) of the current LPA),
could be granted _ad hoc_ admission under the predecessor provisions of s 15
of the current LPA. The term “foreign senior counsel” when used hereafter in
relation to the law prior to 1 April 2012 should thus be understood as
referring to Queen’s Counsel only.

26 Pursuant to r 32(1) of the Legal Profession (Admission) Rules 2011 (S
244/2011) (“the Admission Rules”), the areas of legal practice referred to in
s 15(2) of the current LPA are criminal law, family law, and constitutional
and administrative law. These are now the so-called “three restricted areas of
law” for the purposes of s 15 of the current LPA, and they have been
statutorily ring-fenced apparently because of their critical domestic content
and because they have features peculiar to Singapore.

27 In addition to the specific provisions in s 15 of the current LPA, para 3
of the Legal Profession (Ad Hoc Admissions) Notification 2012 (S 132/2012)
(“the Notification”) issued pursuant to s 15(6A) of the current LPA is also
relevant to the statutory framework. That paragraph lists certain matters that
the court may consider in deciding whether to admit a foreign senior counsel
for the purpose of a case (“the Notification matters”), namely:

**Matters specified under section 15(6A) of Act**

**3**. For the purposes of section 15(6A) of the Act, the court may consider
the following matters, in addition to the matters specified in section 15(1)
and (2) of the Act, when deciding whether to admit a person under section 15
of the Act for the purpose of any one case:

(_a_) the nature of the factual and legal issues involved in the case;

(_b_) the necessity for the services of a foreign senior counsel;

(_c_) the availability of any Senior Counsel or other advocate and solicitor
with appropriate experience; and

(_d_) whether, having regard to the circumstances of the case, it is
reasonable to admit a foreign senior counsel for the purpose of the case.

28 In the present case, there are two related legal issues to be decided,
namely:

(a) the statutory framework for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior
counsel in cases involving the three restricted areas of law; and

(b) the meaning of “special reason” in s 15(2) of the current LPA.

The parties’ arguments

29 I will firstly set out the parties’ arguments to provide the context of the
two legal issues in dispute.

The statutory framework for the ad hoc admission of foreign senior counsel in
cases involving the three restricted areas of law

30 There was some uncertainty among counsel as to the statutory framework for
the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel in cases involving the three
restricted areas of law, in particular, the relationship between s 15(2) of
the current LPA and the Notification matters. Counsel for the applicant (and
also for the Accused), Mr Ashokan, urged this court to take a holistic
approach towards the requirements set out in the statutory framework such that
no one particular factor in s 15(2) of the current LPA and the Notification
should be decisive.

31 In response, counsel for the PP, Mr Christopher Ong Siu Jin (“Mr Ong”),
agreed with the submissions of counsel for the AG, Ms Aurill Kam Su Cheun (“Ms
Kam”), that the “special reason” test in s 15(2) was a threshold test in the
sense that it was a prior mandatory requirement to meet. Counsel for the LSS,
Mr Christopher Anand Daniel (“Mr Daniel”), took the position that a “twin key”
approach should be taken such that the “special reason” test in s 15(2) of the
current LPA was a mandatory requirement that had to be fulfilled in cases
involving the three restricted areas of law, but not necessarily a prior
threshold one. Later on in her oral submissions, Ms Kam agreed with Mr
Daniel’s “twin key” approach.

The meaning of “special reason” in s 15(2) of the current LPA

32 As for the meaning of “special reason” in s 15(2) of the current LPA, Mr
Ashokan relied on Hong Kong authorities such as _Re Flesch QC & Another_
[1999] 1 HKLRD 506 (“ _Re Flesch_ ”) and _Re an application of Gerald James
Kay Cole, QC for admission as a barrister_ [1985] HKLR 480 (“ _Re Coles_ ”)
for the proposition that _matters of public interest_ would suffice to show
that a “special reason” existed. Mr Ashokan further relied on _Re an
application of Charles Gray for admission as a barrister_ [1984] HKLR 367 (“
_Re Gray_ ”) for the proposition that the need for the Accused to be given the
best legal representation in his criminal defence was a matter of public
interest since the Accused had (allegedly) been unable to engage the services
of competent local counsel. Mr Ashokan further submitted that the (allegedly)
novel and unique issues of law arising in this case were a matter of public
interest that would constitute a “special reason”.

33 In response, Mr Ong agreed with Ms Kam’s argument that Mr Ashokan’s
submissions ought to be rejected because: (a) the Hong Kong authorities were
of no relevance since Hong Kong’s statutory framework for the _ad hoc_
admission of foreign senior counsel was very different from ours; (b) the
facts did not show that the Accused had been unable to engage the services of
competent local counsel; and (c) there were no novel and/or unique issues of
law arising in this case. Ms Kam further submitted that the test constituted
by the phrase “special reason” in s 15(2) of the current LPA was not the same
as the old test of “sufficient difficulty and complexity” under the
predecessors of this provision.

34 Ms Kam submitted that the “special reason” test imposed a formidable
threshold hurdle which would only be met when there were considerations of a
macro nature (_ie_ , considerations which transcended the specifics of any
individual case) and of fundamental importance. In this regard, she relied on
_Re Caplan Jonathan Michael QC_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 404 (“ _Re Caplan_ ”) and _Re
Seed Nigel John QC_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 407 (“ _Re Nigel_ ”), as well as the
statements made by the then Minister for Law, Professor S Jayakumar (“Minister
Jayakumar”), during the second reading of the Legal Profession (Amendment)
Bill 1996 (Bill 31 of 1996) (“the 1996 Amendment Bill”), which was the Bill
that introduced the “special reason” requirement for the _ad hoc_ admission of
foreign senior counsel in criminal cases (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates_ , _Official Report_ (10 October 1996) vol 66 (“the 1996 Parliamentary
Debates”) at cols 633–634 and 643–644). Minister Jayakumar’s statements were
referred to by the court in both _Re Caplan_ and _Re Nigel_. In _Re Caplan_ ,
Yong Pung How CJ stated (at [14]–[16]):

14 The reasons for imposing stricter criteria for admission in criminal cases
were explained by the Minister for Law during the second reading of [the 1996
Amendment Bill] in Parliament. The Minister pointed out, in particular, that
since English criminal law and procedure differed quite substantially from
ours, Queen’s Counsel would not usually be familiar with our criminal justice
system. Asked to define what he thought might be “special reasons” for
admitting Queen’s Counsel in criminal cases, he stated that he thought it
better for such definitions to be left to the courts. He did add, however,
that if he were pressed “to indicate an example” of such “special reasons”,

… there could be a criminal case where an important constitutional law issue
arises as to whether some constitutional rights have been breached, or [where]
the regulations or the Act under which the person is being charged raises the
question of conformity with some provisions of the Constitution. **_So it then
becomes not just a criminal case on the particular set of facts, but broader
and more fundamental questions may be raised, and one can argue that this
could be a ‘special reason’._**

15 An example of the sort of case the Minister might have been referring to
can be found in _Re How William Glen_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 357. This application
was heard before the introduction of s 21(1A) [_ie_ , s 21(1A) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 1994 Rev Ed), the provision laying down the “special
reason” requirement for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel in
criminal cases], but its facts are still instructive. The applicant in this
case sought admission for the purpose of appearing on behalf of four
appellants in their appeal to the High Court against convictions sustained in
the Magistrate’s Court under ss 3 and 4(2) of the Undesirable Publications Act
(Cap 338). The appellants had been fined for these convictions. They intended
to challenge on appeal the validity of the ministerial order made under the
Act: in particular, they intended to argue that the order violated the right
to religion enshrined in Art 15 of the Constitution. The application for
admission was allowed by the judge who felt that **_far more was at stake in
the appeal than “the fines imposed by a magistrate”_** (at [21]):

What is at issue is the validity of governmental action in making Order No 123
– a judicial review of the order in a broad sense of the term on the ground
that it is _ultra vires_ the Constitution. Questions relating to fundamental
rights enshrined in the Constitution inevitably will be brought up in the
appeal.

16 Examples of “special reasons” are of course not confined to cases with
constitutional implications. **_There may well be other cases where the
verdict holds significant repercussions not just for the individual accused
but also for the way in which an entire section of the population orders their
daily lives or the conduct of their business._** An example of this sort of
case can be found in the case of _Re Allan David Green QC_ [1996] SGHC 166.
Again, the application here was actually heard before the introduction of s
21(1A), but as with _Re How William Glen_ , I think the facts are nevertheless
instructive. In this case the applicant sought admission for the purpose of
appearing in an appeal by the appellant, a local lawyer, against his
conviction in the District Court on a charge under s 5(_a_)(i) of the
Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241). The charge alleged that the appellant
had acted in conjunction with a condemned prisoner (“A”) in corruptly
soliciting for A’s family a gratification of $100,000 from the son of his
former co-accused (“B”), on account of A making a signed statement to the
effect that B had been innocent of the drug trafficking charge of which they
had both been convicted. It was contended that the appeal raised difficult
questions of construction of the relevant provisions of the Prevention of
Corruption Act. It was also contended that this was an unusual case because it
did not involve the normal situation of an accused demanding payment in return
for a favour: the appellant in this case had received no moneys himself and
claimed that he had merely acted in the capacity of A’s lawyer by passing on a
message. The appellant asserted that, viewed in such a context, his conduct
could not be seen as being “corrupt” within the meaning of s 5 of the Act. The
application for admission was allowed by the judge who held that the issues
raised as to the construction of the relevant statutory provisions were
sufficiently difficult and complex to warrant the appearance of Queen’s
Counsel. **_The judge also felt that determination of the issues raised by the
appellant “could have far reaching implications for the legal profession of
which the appellant is a member”._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

And in _Re Nigel_ , which involved an application for the _ad hoc_ admission
of a foreign senior counsel to represent a Roman Catholic priest who had been
charged with CBT under s 409 of the then equivalent of the current PC (_viz_ ,
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 PC”)), Tay Yong Kwang J held
as follows (at [33]):

The circumstances of the case must show a “special reason” for admission. I
accept that the criminal trial will probably attract more than a fair bit of
attention among the Catholic clergy and laity as well as non-Catholics locally
and probably outside Singapore as well. It is also true that the integrity of
the priest will be tested publicly. However, these factors by themselves do
not persuade me that the circumstances of the case warrant the admission of
QC. There are many competent local lawyers, whether Catholic or not, who would
be able to give the case the serious attention it deserves. These factors fall
short of being “special reasons” for admission. **_There is also no evidence
that_** _Catholic priests are in confusion as to what they can or cannot do
with church funds and_** __**_that_** _this case will therefore have
repercussions beyond the facts circumscribing it._** [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

35 For completeness, I should add that Mr Daniel agreed with Ms Kam’s
submissions on the meaning of “special reason” in s 15(2) of the current LPA.

The historical evolution

36 To address the two legal issues set out in [28] above, it is first
necessary to set out the historical evolution of the statutory framework for
the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel in criminal cases. The
statutory framework _vis-à-vis_ criminal cases actually shared the same
history as that _vis-à-vis_ civil cases until certain amendments came into
effect in 1997. I will highlight the salient points of this shared history in
[37]–[39] below before turning to the divergence of the statutory framework in
relation to criminal cases. For a more complete picture of this shared
history, see [21]–[28] of _Re Geraldine Andrews_ , where the history of the
_ad hoc_ admission scheme is set out in detail in the context of civil cases.

37 Briefly, the originating statutory provision on _ad hoc_ admission
applications was s 7A of the Advocates and Solicitors Ordinance (Cap 188, 1955
Rev Ed) (“the ASO”), which was inserted by s 3 of the Advocates and Solicitors
(Amendment) Ordinance 1962 (No 22 of 1962). Section 7A of the ASO provided as
follows:

**7A.** —(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Ordinance the Supreme Court may _for one or more_** _special reasons in the
public interest_** _and for the purpose of any one case_ admit to practise as
an advocate and solicitor any person —

(_a_) who holds Her Majesty’s patent as Queen’s Counsel;

(_b_) who does not ordinarily reside in Malaya but who has come or intends to
come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in such case; and

(_c_) who has special qualifications or experience for the purpose of such
case.

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Section 7A of the ASO was substantially retained in its successor provision, s
18 of the Legal Profession Act 1966 (Act 57 of 1966) (“the 1966 LPA”), which
read as follows:

**18.** —(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Act
the court may _for one or more_** _special reasons_** and for the purpose of
any one case admit to practise as an advocate and solicitor any person —

(_a_) who holds Her Majesty’s Patent as Queen’s Counsel;

(_b_) who does not ordinarily reside in Singapore or Malaysia but who has come
or intends to come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in such case; and

(_c_) who has special qualifications or experience for the purpose of such
case.

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

38 The admission criteria in s 18(1) of the 1966 LPA were liberalised when the
phrase “for one or more special reasons and” was deleted pursuant to s 4 of
the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act 1970 (Act 16 of 1970). The relevant
provision was thus amended to read as follows:

**18.** —(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Act
the court may** _for one or more special reasons and for the purpose of any
one case_** admit to practise as an advocate and solicitor any person …
[emphasis added in bold italics; deleted words indicated by strikethrough]

39 Thereafter, the admission criteria became stricter when the test of
“sufficient difficulty and complexity” was added to s 21(1) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 1990 Rev Ed) (“the 1990 LPA”) pursuant to the Legal
Profession (Amendment) Act 1991 (Act 10 of 1991) (“the 1991 Amendment Act”).
Section 21(1) of the 1990 LPA in its amended form provided as follows:

**21.** —(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the court
may, for the purpose of any one case where the court is satisfied that it is
of **_sufficient difficulty and complexity_** and having regard to the
circumstances of the case, admit to practise as an advocate and solicitor any
person who … [emphasis added in bold italics]

The amended version of s 21(1) of the 1990 LPA (as set out above) retained its
form in s 21(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the 1994
LPA”).

40 In 1997, the statutory framework for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign
senior counsel in criminal cases diverged from that in relation to civil cases
when the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act 1996 (Act 40 of 1996) (“the 1996
Amendment Act”) came into effect to insert (via s 3 of that Act) a new
subsection (1A) in s 21 of the 1994 LPA. In its amended form, s 21 of the 1994
LPA read as follows:

**21.** —(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the court
may, for the purpose of any one case _where the court is satisfied that it is
of_** _sufficient difficulty and complexity_** _and having regard to the
circumstances of the case_ , admit to practise as an advocate and solicitor
any person who …

(_1A_) _The court shall not admit a person under this section in any_
**_criminal case_** _unless the court is satisfied that there is a_ **_special
reason_** _to do so._

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

41 The rationale for the further restriction of the admission criteria for
criminal cases was explained by Minister Jayakumar during the second reading
of the 1996 Amendment Bill as follows (see the 1996 Parliamentary Debates at
cols 633–634):

_Admission of QCs in criminal cases_

Let me turn to the admission of Queen’s Counsels in criminal cases. Sir, the
provision relating to the admission of Queen’s Counsels was last amended in
1991 to add an additional condition for allowing them to appear in our courts.
That condition is that the court must be satisfied that the case is of
“sufficient difficulty and complexity” to warrant a QC to be admitted. At that
time in this House I had made it clear that the Government’s policy was that
QCs should only be admitted for complex and difficult cases where the
necessary knowledge or experience was not available from or could not be
provided by local counsel. I also stressed then that the intention was to
favour the admission of QCs particularly in banking and commercial cases.

The general policy of allowing QCs to appear in our courts remains unchanged.
**_However, there should be less need for QCs in criminal cases with the
growth of the Criminal Bar in the last five years, not only in terms of
numbers, but also in terms of advocacy skills, experience and expertise._**
Since 1991, only 10 QCs have been admitted to appear in criminal cases in
Singapore and I am told that out of the nine cases dealt with by QCs, only two
cases were successful. Presently, there are 89 criminal lawyers who are
designated as senior counsel and 125 criminal lawyers who are designated as
junior counsel for the purposes of the Assignment List of the High Court for
capital cases. **_There is no shortage therefore of criminal lawyers in the
local Bar who have the confidence to undertake all criminal cases without
having to rely on Queen’s Counsels._**

I should add that it is also important to note that **_our criminal process
and criminal law are, except for basic principles, quite different from
English criminal law and procedure. Our Penal Code, Criminal Procedure Code
and Evidence Act are all based on Indian law and not on English criminal law
and procedure and evidence. Many of our criminal statutes were enacted to meet
local circumstances. Queen’s counsels, in general, are not familiar with our
criminal justice system. Indeed, Sir, I should also say that as a result, we
have even experienced some cases of our criminal justice system being
distorted in the foreign media._**

**_Eventually, we should do away with representation by Queen’s Counsels in
criminal cases._** But this should be looked at again when we have an adequate
number of Senior Counsel practising at the Criminal Bar. …

…

**_The present amendments will restrict the admission of QCs [in criminal
cases] unless the applicant can show that there is any special reason for the
need for a QC._** It will be for the court to determine what a special reason
is for this purpose. This amendment is provided for in the new section 21(1A)
(clause 3 [of the 1996 Amendment Bill]). I should add that the amendment does
not affect the existing provision for admission of QCs in civil cases.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

42 The position in s 21 of the 1994 LPA (as amended by the 1996 Amendment Act)
remained the same in all its successor provisions until the amendments made
pursuant to the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act 2012 (Act 3 of 2012) (“the
2012 amendments”) came into effect on 1 April 2012. Pursuant to the 2012
amendments, s 15 of the current LPA now provides as follows:

**Ad hoc admissions**

**15.** —(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the court
may, for the purpose of any one case _**~~where the court is satisfied that it
is of sufficient difficulty and complexity and having regard to the
circumstances of the case~~**_ , admit to practise as an advocate and
solicitor any person who —

(_a_) holds —

(i) Her Majesty’s Patent as Queen’s Counsel; or

(ii) **_any appointment of equivalent distinction of any jurisdiction_** ;

(_b_) does not ordinarily reside in Singapore or Malaysia, but has come or
intends to come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in the case; and

(_c_) has special qualifications or experience for the purpose of the case.

(2) _The court shall not admit a person under this section in any case
involving_ **_any area of legal practice prescribed under section 10_** _for
the purposes of this subsection, unless the court is satisfied that there is
a_ **_special reason_** _to do so._

…

(6A) **_The Chief Justice may_** _, after consulting the Judges of the Supreme
Court, by_ **_notification_** _published in the Gazette_ , **_specify the
matters that the court may consider when deciding whether to admit a person
under this section_** _._

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics; deletion made pursuant to the
2012 amendments indicated by strikethrough]

43 The 2012 amendments are particularly significant in two material aspects.
First, the test of “sufficient difficulty and complexity” in s 21(1) of the
1990 LPA (as amended by the 1991 Amendment Act) and its equivalent successor
provisions was removed from s 15 of the current LPA (_ie_ , the pre-1 April
2012 version of this provision) for both civil cases and criminal cases. The
matters to be considered under the Notification issued pursuant to s 15(6A)
(reproduced at [27] above) became the governing framework to aid the court in
the exercise of its discretion as to whether or not to allow an _ad hoc_
admission application. Second, the additional “special reason” criterion for
criminal cases in s 21(1A) of the 1994 LPA (inserted pursuant to the 1996
Amendment Act) was extended to cases involving two other areas of law, namely,
family law and constitutional and administrative law, pursuant to s 15(2) of
the current LPA read with r 32(1) of the Admission Rules (see [26] above).

44 From the speech of the Minister for Law, Mr K Shanmugam (“Minister
Shanmugam”), during the second reading of the Legal Profession (Amendment)
Bill 2012 (Bill 1 of 2012) (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (14 February 2012) vol 88 (“the 2012 Parliamentary Debates”)), it is
plain that Parliament intended to liberalise the legal sector only with
respect to commercial cases. Parliament evinced no similar intention to
liberalise the legal sector with respect to the three restricted areas of law
identified by s 15(2) of the current LPA read with r 32(1) of the Admission
Rules. In particular, Minister Shanmugam noted in the 2012 Parliamentary
Debates that there was a distinction between civil cases and criminal cases:

[W]e will see immediately why a distinction can be drawn between criminal
cases and civil cases, because in criminal cases, we do not have that problem
[of litigants being unable to engage the local Senior Counsel whom they wish
to engage]. _There is no difficulty for any top SC accepting a brief in a
criminal, constitutional, or public case because there is no real issue of
conflict. Or even if there is no direct conflict, it is not as if the law firm
is on a retainer which prevents any particular SC from taking up a case on a
public or constitutional criminal matter_. [emphasis added]

45 Having set out the historical developments leading to the statutory
framework presently in force today under s 15 of the current LPA, I will now
turn to address the two legal issues in dispute set out in [28] above.

My analysis

The statutory framework for the ad hoc admission of foreign senior counsel in
cases involving the three restricted areas of law

46 The first legal issue – _viz_ , the statutory framework for the _ad hoc_
admission of foreign senior counsel in cases involving the three restricted
areas of law – is directed, in particular, at the relationship between s 15(2)
of the current LPA and the Notification matters. This issue can be broken down
into two sub-issues, namely:

(a) Is the “special reason” requirement in s 15(2) a mandatory requirement?

(b) If it is, is it a _prior_ mandatory threshold requirement that must be
satisfied _before_ the Notification matters can come into play?

47 Since s 15(2) of the current LPA expressly provides that the court “ _shall
not admit_ a [foreign senior counsel] in any case involving any area of legal
practice prescribed under section 10 … _unless_ [it] is satisfied that there
is a special reason to do so” [emphasis added], it is clear that this
provision envisages that a “special reason” _must_ be distinctly established.
To put it another way, the language of s 15(2) evinces Parliament’s intention
that it is _mandatory_ for the “special reason” criterion to be made out in
cases involving the three restricted areas of law. I therefore rejected Mr
Ashokan’s argument (see [30] above) that a holistic approach should be taken
and that no one particular factor in s 15(2) of the current LPA and the
Notification should be decisive.

48 Having disposed of the first sub-issue, I turn to the next sub-issue of
whether the “special reason” requirement in s 15(2) of the current LPA is a
_prior_ mandatory threshold requirement (as was initially suggested by Ms
Kam), or whether it is simply a mandatory threshold requirement but not
necessarily a prior one (as was suggested by Mr Daniel in his submissions on
the “twin key” approach, which approach was subsequently accepted by Ms Kam).
In my view, the latter “twin key” interpretation is correct; _ie_ , s 15(2) of
the current LPA is not a prior threshold provision, but should instead be read
harmoniously with the Notification matters. My reasons for so deciding are as
follows. First, the case law prior to the 2012 amendments does not suggest in
any way that the “special reason” criterion is a prior threshold requirement.
Second, there is also no evidence that Parliament intended the 2012 amendments
to change the statutory framework for _ad hoc_ admission in criminal cases,
given that those amendments were aimed at liberalising the criteria for _ad
hoc_ admission in civil cases (see [44] above). If Parliament had the
intention of making “special reason” a prior threshold requirement, it would
have expressly stated this. The present architecture of s 15 of the current
LPA also hints at such a “twin key” approach since para 3 of the Notification
expressly states that the court may consider the Notification matters “ _in
addition to_ ” [emphasis added] the matters specified in ss 15(1) and 15(2) of
the current LPA. This indicates that while the “special reason” requirement in
s 15(2) _must_ be satisfied, it does _not_ necessarily have to be satisfied
_before_ the Notification matters can come into play.

49 To sum up, a foreign senior counsel seeking _ad hoc_ admission in a
criminal case (and, by extension, in any case involving the other two
restricted areas of law) must show that the “special reason” criterion in s
15(2) of the current LPA is met _in addition to_ satisfying the court that it
is appropriate to admit him having regard to the Notification matters. In the
final analysis, it seems to me that nothing really turns on whether the
“special reason” criterion in s 15(2) is a prior or a concurrent requirement
to be satisfied for the purposes of an _ad hoc_ admission application.
Ordinarily, there would be some degree of overlap in the considerations which
the court takes into account when evaluating, respectively, the “special
reason” criterion and the Notification matters. Furthermore, depending on the
facts and circumstances of the particular _ad hoc_ admission application in
question, the Notification matters could well constitute “special reason” for
the purposes of s 15(2).

The meaning of “special reason” in s 15(2) of the current LPA

50 I turn now to the second legal issue of the meaning of “special reason” in
s 15(2) of the current LPA (see [28(b)] above). First and foremost, it was
undisputed that the phrase “special reason” was not defined anywhere in the
current LPA or in any of its predecessor Acts. Parliament made it clear when
it introduced the “special reason” criterion for criminal cases via the 1996
Amendment Act that the phrase was deliberately left statutorily undefined for
the courts to determine. In the 1996 Parliamentary Debates, Minister Jayakumar
said (at cols 643–644):

… First, … the definition of “special reason”. There are two ways in which we
could have handled this. One is for Parliament itself to have spelt out in the
provisions in an exhaustive way all the possible special reasons. **_But our
preference was to draft it in such a way that we would leave it to the courts
to decide what the special reasons would be._** I think that is the better
approach just as the existing provision in respect of QCs leaves the
discretion to the court when it says, as a general criterion, “if the court is
satisfied that [the case] is of sufficient difficulty [and] complexity and
having regard to the circumstances of the case.” That is the general
criterion.

**From the general criterion, when we come to the specific matter of criminal
cases** , **_there will now be a further criterion for criminal cases_****that
the court is satisfied that there is a special reason to [allow the**** _ad
hoc_****admission of foreign senior counsel]**. Between the two approaches,
**_I think it is better to take this approach and leave it to the court._**_If
he_ [_ie_ , Dr Ker Sin Tze, the then Chairman of the Government Parliamentary
Committee for Law] _were to press me to indicate an example of a criminal case
which I think would constitute a special reason, there could be a criminal
case where an important constitutional law issue arises as to whether some
constitutional rights have been or have not been breached, or [where] the
regulations or the Act under which the person is being charged raises the
question of conformity with some provisions of the Constitution. So it then
becomes not just a criminal case on the particular set of facts, but broader
and more fundamental questions may be raised, and one can argue that this
could be a “special reason”. I give this as an indicative example._**_But I
think it is better to leave it to the courts. The courts have had experience
in handling such applications and I am sure we can leave it to their wisdom to
decide what are the special reasons._**

[emphasis added in italics, in bold and in bold italics]

51 The phrase “special reason” is an etymological chameleon that takes colour
from its context. In Singapore, this phrase is used in no less than 20
instances spanning across no less than eight different statutes. The case law
on this phrase is of no assistance in the present case as the interpretation
of this phrase depends on the particular context in which it is used (see, for
example, the High Court’s interpretation of the phrase “special reason” in s
49(11) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) in _Ng Chin Siau and
others v How Kim Chuan_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 789 at [34], and of the phrase
“special reasons” in s 67(2) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 1997 Rev Ed) in
_Sivakumar s/o Rajoo v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 265 at [13]–[14]).

52 In the specific context of s 15(2) of the current LPA, I agreed with Ms
Kam’s submission (see [33] above) that the “special reason” test is certainly
not the same as the old “sufficient difficulty and complexity” test in s 21(1)
of the 1990 LPA (as amended by the 1991 Amendment Act) and its successor
provisions. After the 1996 Amendment Act was passed, both the “special reason”
and the “sufficient difficulty and complexity” tests concurrently applied to
_ad hoc_ admission applications pertaining to criminal cases, and it was
evident from case law that the “special reason” test in s 21(1A) of the 1994
LPA (and its successor provisions) was distinct from the “sufficient
difficulty and complexity” test in s 21(1) (see generally _Re Caplan_ and _Re
Nigel_). Furthermore, although Parliament evinced no discernible intention to
liberalise the legal sector with respect to criminal law when it passed the
2012 amendments (see [44] above), it expressly (but, perhaps unintentionally)
removed the phrase “sufficient difficulty and complexity” in relation to
_both_ civil matters _and_ criminal matters. I was therefore certain that it
would not be appropriate to read the old requirement of “sufficient difficulty
and complexity” into the phrase “special reason” in s 15(2) of the current
LPA.

53 While I agreed with Ms Kam’s position as to what does _not_ constitute a
“special reason” for the purposes of s 15(2) of the current LPA, I did not
agree with her positive case as to what _would_ exclusively constitute a
special reason. The cases that Ms Kam relied on in support of her positive
case that “special reason” in s 15(2) of the current LPA must invariably raise
significant matters of a macro nature, namely, _Re Caplan_ and _Re Nigel_ (see
[34] above), were of limited assistance. This was because the interpretation
of “special reason” in those cases was made in the context of the old
statutory scheme in the amended version of s 21 of the 1994 LPA (and its
successor provisions) under which: (a) an applicant had to satisfy the
“sufficient difficulty and complexity” test in s 21(1) in addition to the
“special reason” test in s 21(1A) in criminal cases; and (b) the “special
reason” test applied only to criminal cases. As set out in [42]–[43] above,
the statutory framework has since changed in these two aspects pursuant to the
2012 amendments. In particular, the example of “a criminal case where an
important constitutional law issue arises” cited by Minister Jayakumar in the
1996 Parliamentary Debates (at col 643), which was in turn cited by Yong CJ in
_Re Caplan_ at [14] (see [34] above), is today of little assistance in the
interpretation of “special reason” in s 15(2) of the current LPA as
constitutional law has now been specifically identified as one of the three
restricted areas of law. In other words, the fact that a criminal case
involves an important constitutional law issue is now no longer sufficient in
itself to constitute a “special reason” for allowing the _ad hoc_ admission of
foreign senior counsel. For the same reason, the other portions of the High
Court’s judgments in _Re Caplan_ and _Re Nigel_ that Ms Kam sought to rely on
(see [34] above) are likewise of little assistance.

54 In my view, the phrase “special reason” in s 15(2) of the current LPA
envisages an exceptional case. What is exceptional should be decided based on
the facts and circumstances of each case. Ms Kam’s position was that a case
must invariably raise significant matters of a macro nature before it can be
considered exceptional. While Ms Kam’s suggested approach is likely to be the
norm in practice, I would go further. There could well be cases where the
interests of an individual or issues pertaining solely to that individual are
so out of the ordinary that they require special consideration and, hence,
qualify as a “special reason”. For example, an individual may be able to
establish that his case is exceptional if he can prove that despite all
reasonable efforts conscientiously made, he cannot find any competent local
counsel to represent him. Ms Kam accepted that this example might suffice as a
“special reason”, but attempted to persuade me to find that such an example
could still hew to her approach from the viewpoint that the right to
representation was so fundamental that it could be regarded as an issue of a
macro nature. However, I was of the view that this might be too much of a
stretch. There is no sound policy reason to limit the court’s discretion to
only cases of a macro nature. It would be preferable for the court to simply
decide, based on the facts and circumstances of each case, whether the case
before it is exceptional. In these exceptional cases, there could very well be
some overlap between the Notification matters and the “special reason”
requirement in s 15(2) of the current LPA.

55 Lastly, I rejected both limbs of Mr Ashokan’s argument (see [32] above)
that:

(a) matters of public interest would suffice to show the existence of a
“special reason”; and

(b) there were matters of public interest in this case arising from: (i) the
need for the Accused to be given the best legal representation in his criminal
defence since the Accused had (allegedly) been unable to engage the services
of competent local counsel; and (ii) the (allegedly) novel and unique issues
of law involved.

I agreed with the submissions of Ms Kam that the Hong Kong authorities which
Mr Ashokan cited, namely, _Re Flesch_ , _Re Coles_ and _Re Gray_ , were of
absolutely no relevance to the local context since the phrase “special reason”
does not even appear in s 27(2) of the Legal Practitioners Ordinance (Cap 159)
(HK), which is the governing statutory provision for the _ad hoc_ admission of
foreign senior counsel in Hong Kong. It was also significant that unlike s
7A(1) of the ASO (reproduced in [37] above), which made specific reference to
“one or more special reasons _in the public interest_ ” [emphasis added], s
15(2) of the current LPA only refers to “special reason”. Parliament’s
decision not to revert to the wording of s 7A(1) of the ASO strongly suggests
that it did not intend the phrase “special reason” in s 15(2) of the current
LPA to apply in the same way that it did in the ASO. The first limb of Mr
Ashokan’s argument (_viz_ , that matters of public interest would suffice as a
“special reason”), and consequently, his whole argument on the “special
reason” criterion (which was premised on the first limb) therefore failed. In
any event, I should add for good measure that even if a large number of
persons might be closely following a case, it does not necessarily mean that
legal matters of a public interest arise. Interest manifested by the public in
a matter is not equivalent to a legal matter of public interest arising. It
was not clear to me whether Mr Ashokan appreciated this distinction when he
vaguely invoked the concept of public interest. I should also add here for
completeness that in relation to the second limb of Mr Ashokan’s argument
(_viz_ , that there were matters of public interest in this case), the factors
relied on by Mr Ashokan were not made out: it could not reasonably be said
that the Accused was unable to engage the services of competent local counsel
(see [66]–[70] below), and there were no novel and unique issues of law
arising in this case (see [64] below).

56 Having clarified the two disputed legal issues set out in [28] above, I
will now turn to the substantive merits of this application.

The substantive merits of this application

The requirements under ss 15(1)(a)–15(1)(c) of the current LPA

57 As a preliminary point, it was undisputed that Mr Caplan QC met the
requirements under ss 15(1)(_a_)–15(1)(_c_) of the current LPA in that he: (a)
holds Her Majesty’s Patent as Queen’s Counsel; (b) does not ordinarily reside
in Singapore or Malaysia but intends to come to Singapore for the purpose of
appearing in the Criminal Proceedings; and (c) has special qualifications or
experience for the purpose of the Criminal Proceedings. Mr Ong fairly conceded
that Mr Caplan QC’s familiarity and expertise with the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the new CPC”), which is the governing version of the
Criminal Procedure Code in the Criminal Proceedings, were not in issue as: (a)
Mr Caplan QC had previously been admitted in Singapore to represent, both at
the trial and on appeal, an accused person who had been charged with
conspiracy to commit CBT under s 405 read with s 109 of the 1985 PC (see
_Cheam Tat Pang and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 161) (“
_Cheam Tat Pang_ ”)), and is thus familiar with the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the old CPC”); and (b) the differences between the old
CPC and the new CPC are not material in this case as they relate mainly to the
Criminal Case Disclosure Conference (which the Accused and the Co-Accused
Persons have all opted out of) and community sentencing (which is not relevant
in the present case). Mr Ong also fairly conceded that Mr Caplan QC’s
familiarity and expertise with the current PC were not in issue since: (a) Mr
Caplan QC has experience with the local law on conspiracy to commit CBT after
handling _Cheam Tat Pang_ ; (b) the law on conspiracy to commit CBT under the
1985 PC is the same as the corresponding law under the current PC; and (c) the
legal principles which apply to all the charges against the Accused are very
well established.

The Notification matters and s 15(2) of the current LPA

58 Although the ss 15(1)(_a_)–15(1)(_c_) requirements were not in dispute, the
rest of the requirements under the statutory framework were. Applying the
“twin key” approach laid down in [48] above, the merits of this application
must be assessed having regard to the Notification matters _and_ the “special
reason” criterion in s 15(2) of the current LPA. Specifically in relation to
the Notification matters, the principles laid down by this court in _Re
Geraldine Andrews_ (at [44]–[45]) on the relationship between each of these
matters bear reiterating:

44 In my view, the architecture of the 2012 [a]mendment[s] and the
Notification plainly indicates that the courts are under a duty to consider
all the matters listed in para 3 of the Notification. _The 2012 [a]mendment[s]
[are] not intended to lead to a “free for all”, and in assessing applications
for_ ad hoc _admission, the courts are required to conduct a judicious
balancing of the competing interests in the particular case at hand within the
framework of the matters specified in para 3 of the Notification._
Interpreting para 3 of the Notification to mean that the courts are obliged to
consider all the matters set out therein also ensures consistency in assessing
future applications for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel. In
turn, this consistency in approach will lend some predictability and certainty
for both the Bar and litigants who intend or are considering whether to apply
for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel. At the same time,
however, it bears emphasis that the matters set out in para 3 of the
Notification, and in particular, para 3(_d_), have been judiciously designed
to be sufficiently flexible to allow for the inclusion of other situational
considerations which may carry significant weight in a particular case.

45 The four criteria in para 3 of the Notification are schematically set out
in a mode that does not indicate any particular precedence or that all four of
the listed criteria must be identically satisfied in every application for _ad
hoc_ admission. No particular weight has been assigned to any of the matters
identified as being relevant in assessing the merits of an application.
Paragraph 3 of the Notification does not set out a new rigid four-stage test
that replaces the earlier test in s 21 of the 1990 LPA of “sufficient
difficulty and complexity and having regard to the circumstances of the case”.
**_Additionally, the court is not obliged to invariably accord equal weight to
each of the matters listed in para 3 of the Notification … It would be
inappropriate, and, indeed, unprincipled, to give equal emphasis to the four
matters identified in para 3 of the Notification, given that the application
of these matters to the facts is necessarily fact-dependent. What the court is
obliged to do in considering an application for the_****ad hoc**** _admission
of foreign senior counsel is to_** _carefully evaluate_** _these matters in
the exercise of its discretion to grant or reject the application. Having
considered all these matters, the court may well decide that on the facts of a
particular case, less weight should be assigned to some or even most of them.
In short, the emphases to be placed on the matters identified in paras
3(_****a**** _)–3(_****d**** _) of the Notification will necessarily vary from
case to case._** The court now has a _substantial_ , although not unfettered,
discretion in assessing the merits of each _ad hoc_ admission application. ...

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

59 With the applicable framework in mind, I will now turn to address each of
the Notification matters and the “special reason” criterion in s 15(2) of the
current LPA _in seriatim_.

Para 3(a) of the Notification: Nature of the factual and legal issues involved
in the case

60 On the basis of the documents placed before me, I agreed with Mr Ong that
the sustainability of the charges against the Accused essentially pivoted on
the correct “characterisation” of the Transactions – was there window-
dressing, or were the Transactions genuine? The charges are essentially fact-
sensitive and will therefore turn predominantly on the construction of the
various relevant documents. Mr Ong also clarified that the Prosecution was not
conceding that the factual issues in this case were complex when it mentioned
in its “Explanatory Statement regarding charges against individuals involved
in [CHC] case” dated 27 June 2012 that the Round-Tripping Charges “centre on a
series of _complex_ transactions”[note: 1] [emphasis added] and that CHC’s
funds “were circulated through a _complicated_ series of transactions
engineered to create the false appearance that the purported sham bond
investments had been redeemed”[note: 2] [emphasis added]. Mr Ong explained
that it was the way in which the aforesaid transactions were elaborately
interlinked and weaved together as part of a scheme that made it difficult for
persons _who were not privy to the scheme_ to appreciate its overall purpose
at first sight, and that these transactions were in and of themselves not
complicated.

61 I agreed with the position taken by Mr Ong. The Transactions – namely, bond
subscriptions, bond redemptions, rental advances, loans, set-offs and book
entry accounting – could not conceivably be viewed as being so convoluted or
esoteric as to be beyond the comprehension of competent local counsel.
Furthermore, the relevant documents, although voluminous, are not so factually
complex as to be beyond the management of any competent local counsel. These
factors carry even greater weight in this case since the Accused did not
dispute his intimate involvement with the relevant documents in his capacity
as the fund manager of CHC and should therefore be familiar with them.

62 As for the legal issues in this case, Mr Ashokan submitted at the hearing
of this application that the two key legal issues which were (allegedly)
complex were as follows:

(a) whether a fund manager should be held criminally liable for a failure in
corporate governance in the company whose funds he managed, in particular, for
the lack of disclosure by the company’s board of directors; and

(b) whether there could be CBT where a charity or the board of a charity
employed the funds of the charity to fulfil the objectives of the charity.

63 In respect of the first allegedly complex legal issue identified by Mr
Ashokan, Mr Ong replied that this issue would not even arise as the
Prosecution was not imputing to the Accused any knowledge of the CHC
Management Board’s failure in corporate governance and lack of disclosure, but
was in fact proceeding on the basis that the Accused had, as a matter of fact,
knowingly engaged in a criminal conspiracy with the requisite intention to use
CHC’s funds for unauthorised purposes. In response to the second allegedly
complex legal issue raised by Mr Ashokan, Mr Ong stated that the Prosecution’s
case turned on whether the specific use of the misappropriated funds was
authorised. The consistency of such use with the overarching objectives of CHC
was not relevant.

64 Mr Ong also rejected Mr Ashokan’s argument that the religious dimension in
the Criminal Proceedings presented a novel and unique point of law. Mr Ong
pointed out that issues of ecclesiastical law or of the legally permissible
ways in which a religious institution could spread its teachings would not
arise in the Criminal Proceedings. The Prosecution had informed all defence
counsel that it was not taking issue with how CHC chose to utilise its funds
as an evangelical tool; rather, the Prosecution’s case was that the manner in
which CHC’s funds were being used to fund Sun Ho’s music career amounted, in
the circumstances of the present case, to CBT. Ms Kam also pointed out in her
submissions that in _Re Nigel_ (where the foreign senior counsel sought to be
admitted was, if admitted, to act for a Roman Catholic priest charged with
CBT), the High Court did not accept that the Code of Canon Law 1983
promulgated by the Vatican, which the accused had to abide by, was sufficient
to meet the old “sufficient difficulty and complexity” test since the rules of
the Roman Catholic church merely formed the backdrop of the offences in
question. Ms Kam argued that the religious dimension in the present case
(_viz_ , the fact that the misappropriated funds were the funds of a church)
would _a fortiori_ not suffice to justify the _ad hoc_ admission of Mr Caplan
QC since it had not been contended that the Accused did the acts in question
under some ecclesiastical law. Mr Daniel agreed with the position taken by Mr
Ong and Ms Kam.

65 On the basis of the evidence before me and for the reasons submitted by Mr
Ong and Ms Kam, which I accepted, I found that the factual and legal issues
involved in this case were not so complex as to justify the _ad hoc_ admission
of a foreign senior counsel. That said, this finding was not necessarily fatal
to this application because, as pointed out in [58] above, it is not mandatory
to establish every single factor listed in para 3 of the Notification,
although I must add that that the failure to establish any one of these
factors would certainly not assist in assessing positively the overall merits
of the application.

Paras 3(b) and 3(c) of the Notification: Necessity for the services of a
foreign senior counsel and the availability of any local Senior Counsel or
other local advocate and solicitor with appropriate experience

66 Since there is a substantial overlap between the second and third factors
listed in para 3 of the Notification (namely: (a) the necessity for the
services of a foreign senior counsel (para 3(_b_)); and (b) the availability
of any local Senior Counsel or other local advocate and solicitor with
appropriate experience (para 3(_c_))), I will address them concurrently. The
principles governing the court’s assessment of these two factors were laid
down in _Re Geraldine Andrews_ at [55] and [57]:

55 **_A litigant must take reasonable steps to ascertain the availability of
Senior Counsel or other local counsel with appropriate experience._** As the
Law Minister [_viz_ , Minister Shanmugam] reiterated during the 2012
[P]arliamentary [D]ebates, “ad hoc counsel will only be admitted on the basis
of need, and it will not be a free for all”. **_This does not, however, mean
that the litigant must take steps to contact all Senior Counsel or even a
significant number of them. The scope of inquiry which a litigant is
reasonably expected to undertake will depend_** , **inter alia**** _, on the
nature of the issues being contested as well as the developments in the
case._** …

…

57 _In deciding whether the litigant concerned has in fact taken reasonable
steps to secure Senior Counsel or other local counsel with appropriate
experience, the court should consider_ , **inter alia**** _, the number of
Senior Counsel or other local counsel who have the appropriate experience to
deal with the issues in the underlying case, the steps taken (if any) by the
litigant to instruct such Senior Counsel or local counsel and the reasons (if
any) why those steps were unsuccessful._** Where a litigant has taken
reasonable steps to instruct Senior Counsel or other local counsel with
appropriate experience, this will generally be a factor in his favour for the
court to consider. Where a litigant has in fact previously instructed Senior
Counsel or other local counsel with appropriate experience at an earlier stage
of the same proceedings but where the counsel instructed has since ceased to
act for the litigant, this may _a fortiori_ count as a factor in the
litigant’s favour. I should caution here, in respect to this scenario, that
the reasons why the counsel instructed ceased to act for the litigant could
also be relevant. A litigant who has conducted himself unreasonably, thereby
leading to his instructed counsel discharging himself, should not have his
application for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel assessed more
favourably. Where, however, a litigant who has previously engaged Senior
Counsel or other experienced local counsel has lost confidence in the counsel
instructed for legitimate reason(s) and subsequently seeks the assistance of
foreign senior counsel, this may assist in justifying the application for _ad
hoc_ admission.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

67 There are two steps in the assessment of the factors listed in paras 3(_b_)
and 3(_c_) of the Notification. The first step involves ascertaining the
relevant pool of local counsel to consider. Mr Ashokan took the position that:
(a) the lawyers who were already acting for the Co-Accused Persons (see [12]
above); and (b) the other lawyers in the law firms of these lawyers should not
be included in the pool of available local counsel for consideration since
they would be in a position of potential conflict of interest. Ms Kam
disagreed and pointed out that there was no evidence that the defences of the
Co-Accused Persons would not be aligned with the defence of the Accused. She
also submitted that any potential conflict of interest could be managed
through a disclosure framework which could be worked out between the lawyers
involved, the Co-Accused Persons and the Accused. Mr Daniel, agreeing with Mr
Ashokan and disagreeing with Ms Kam, was of the view that it would not be
pragmatic for a law firm to act for more than one accused person because of
the potential conflict of interest. Having considered the arguments before me,
I agreed with the position taken by Mr Ashokan and Mr Daniel. Given the
generally unpredictable nature of the trial process and the dire prejudice
that would arise if a potential conflict of interest were to morph into an
actual conflict of interest at a late stage in the Criminal Proceedings, I
accepted that the reasonable steps to be taken by the Accused did not include
approaching the lawyers acting for the Co-Accused Persons and the other
lawyers in their law firms.

68 That said, I agreed with the submissions of Ms Kam and Mr Daniel that the
relevant pool of local counsel to consider, as envisaged by the phrase “the
availability of any Senior Counsel _or other advocate and solicitor with
appropriate experience_ ” [emphasis added] in para 3(_c_) of the Notification,
includes not just local Senior Counsel, but also other local counsel with
experience in commercial and/or criminal matters. While several of the best
counsel in Singapore have been appointed as Senior Counsel, it cannot be said
that there are no other highly able counsel outside their ranks. From my
experience, both at the Bar and through my interaction with counsel on the
Bench, I can state with confidence that there remains available in several
areas of practice (including commercial law and criminal law) a number of
highly able practising counsel who are not Senior Counsel.

69 Having ascertained the relevant pool of local counsel to consider, the next
step in the assessment involves determining whether the Accused made
reasonably conscientious efforts to secure the services of local counsel in
that pool. As set out in [13]–[14] above, the Accused asserted that five
different counsel and/or law firms declined to act for him for a variety of
reasons after Mr Francis Xavier SC from Rajah & Tann LLP first indicated
sometime in August 2012 that he might be in a position of conflict. However,
at least two out of the five counsel approached, namely, Professor Walter Woon
SC and Mr Amarjeet Singh SC, either have not appeared in our courts as defence
counsel in criminal matters for considerable periods of time or no longer do
court work, and thus cannot be regarded as having “appropriate experience” for
the purposes of para 3(_c_) of the Notification. Furthermore, Lee & Lee and
Michael Hwang SC (see [14] above) were not even approached by the Accused
directly. I also noted that most of the law firms which were approached
(whether directly or indirectly) did not appear to have criminal or corporate
crime counsel who are still in active practice. While the law does not require
the Accused to contact the entire pool of competent local counsel or even a
significant number of them (see _Re Geraldine Andrews_ at [55], reproduced in
[66] above), it is clear that on a quantitative _and_ qualitative assessment,
the Accused did not make reasonably conscientious efforts to secure the
services of competent local counsel from the available pool. On this basis, I
was satisfied that there remained to be tapped a substantial number of more
than competent local counsel and Senior Counsel to represent the Accused in
the Criminal Proceedings.

70 I should also mention that it subsequently came to my knowledge at a
hearing in chambers that the Accused had not ruled out engaging the services
of Mr Ashokan and/or other lawyers in his firm, KhattarWong LLP. As I noted
during that hearing, Mr Ashokan and/or these other lawyers are perfectly
capable of handling the Accused’s defence, and this revelation fortified my
decision to find against the Accused apropos paras 3(_b_) and 3(_c_) of the
Notification.

Para 3(d) of the Notification: Whether, having regard to the circumstances of
the case, it is reasonable to admit a foreign senior counsel

71 The last factor set out in para 3 of the Notification is a catch-all
provision to allow the court to consider other relevant matters not caught by
the first three limbs of that paragraph. This court had previously refrained
from attempting to define “reasonableness” under this limb (see _Re Geraldine
Andrews_ at [58]), but noted that equality of arms, or the notion that there
should be a level playing field between the opposing parties, could be a
relevant factor after the 2012 amendments (see _Re Geraldine Andrews_ at
[60]).

72 Mr Ashokan acknowledged that the principle of equality of arms applied in
relation to adversaries, and that this principle would not apply in this case
_vis-à-vis_ the Prosecution since none of the members on the Prosecution’s
team were Senior Counsel. Mr Ashokan nevertheless urged this court to extend
the principle of equality of arms to also include the consideration of the
playing field as between fellow co-accused persons. Ms Kam and Mr Daniel
opposed such an extension, and I agreed with them that there was no reason to
extend this principle on the facts of this case. The criminal trial is an
accusatory and adversarial process, and the onus of proving each element of
the offence according to the criminal standard of beyond reasonable doubt is
on the Prosecution. As was recognised in _Re Geraldine Andrews_ at [61],
equality of arms “is but a means to an end”. The “end” is the client’s
success, which, in the context of this case, would be the acquittal of the
Accused _vis-à-vis_ the Prosecution. Mr Ashokan’s proposed extension of the
principle of equality of arms was not a means to this end as there was no
evidence put before this court that the defence of the Accused was not aligned
with that of the Co-Accused Persons. If there was evidence before this court
that the defences of the Accused and the Co-Accused Persons were adverse to
each other’s cases, then this could be a relevant, although by no means
decisive, consideration.

73 Mr Ashokan also urged this court to consider that if this application were
to be dismissed, the Accused would have to spend time and effort to look
afresh for suitable counsel, and that could cause further delay to the
Criminal Proceedings, which were, at the time of the hearing of this
application, fixed for early May 2013. I did not accept this reason since the
Accused was the sole author of this predicament, having failed to make
reasonably conscientious efforts to secure the services of competent local
counsel from the available pool (see [69] above). Neither did I think that the
amounts involved in the Transactions, the severe potential penalties in the
event of a conviction and the identity of the Accused and the other parties
implicated were factors that made it reasonable for a foreign senior counsel
to be admitted.

74 Having considered all the circumstances of this case, it was evident that
the Accused did not succeed in establishing that any of the factors listed in
para 3 of the Notification were made out. One of the two “keys” in the “twin
key” approach therefore could not be engaged.

The “special reason” criterion in s 15(2) of the current LPA

75 As explained in [54] above, the “special reason” criterion in s 15(2) of
the current LPA envisages an exceptional case, and there could very well be an
overlap between this criterion and the Notification matters. In the light of
my findings and after considering all the circumstances of this case, I was of
the view that no exceptional circumstances had been identified. The other
“key” in the “twin key” approach therefore also could not be turned.

Conclusion

76 For the aforementioned reasons, this was not an appropriate case for the
_ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel. The application was therefore
dismissed with the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]See Mr Ashokan’s first affidavit dated 14 January 2013 at p 77.

[note: 2]_Id_ at p 78.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Apr 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

