Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2013] SGHC 286

Suit No 432 of 2011

Between

BNJ suing by her lawful father and litigation representative, B  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| SMRT Trains Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Land Transport Authority of Singapore  
  
… Defendants

JUDGMENT

[Tort]—[negligence]—[breach of duty]

[Tort]—[occupier’s liability]—[who is an occupier]

[Tort]—[negligence]—[res ipsa loquitur]

[Tort]—[breach of statutory duty]—[essential factors]

[Contract]—[contractual terms]—[implied terms]

* * *

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BNJ (suing by her lawful father and litigation

representative, B)

v  

SMRT Trains Ltd and another

[2013] SGHC 286

High Court — Suit No 432 of 2011  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy JC (as he then was)  
29–31 October 2012; 1–2, 5–9, 19–20 November 2012; 11 March 2013

31 December 2013 Judgment reserved

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

1 On 3 April 2011, a train coming into the Ang Mo Kio MRT station (“AMK
Station”) struck the plaintiff, causing her tragic and life-changing injuries.
She was then just fourteen years old. In these proceedings, she seeks damages
from two defendants for the injuries she suffered on that day. The first
defendant is SMRT Trains Ltd (“SMRT”). SMRT is a public transport operator and
holds the license to operate the mass rapid transit (“MRT”) system along the
North-South line. SMRT operates AMK Station and the train which injured the
plaintiff. The second defendant is the Land Transport Authority of Singapore
(“the LTA”). The LTA is a statutory board charged with regulating, amongst
other things, Singapore’s MRT system. The LTA is the owner of AMK Station and
regulates SMRT’s operations.

The plaintiff is injured on 3 April 2011

2 The plaintiff arrived in Singapore on 14 March 2011 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“PBAEIC”) at p 2,
para 4

to study English. Her course was scheduled to end on 8 April 2011. She lived
while in Singapore with a host family in Ang Mo Kio. She commuted from Ang Mo
Kio to her place of study at Peninsula Plaza each weekday by MRT via the
North-South line from AMK Station to City Hall MRT station.

3 3 April 2011 was a Sunday. The plaintiff arranged to meet friends for lunch
at a shopping mall close to City Hall station. She left her host family’s flat
at 10:40 am and arrived at AMK Station at about 11:00 am 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

See PBAEIC at p 3, para 5

. Closed-circuit television (“CCTV”) footage from AMK Station shows her
walking on to the platform at 11:04 am 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

See PBAEIC at p 21

and waiting for a train. Just as the train pulls into the station, the
plaintiff falls face forward over the edge of the platform on to the tracks.
The train driver applies the emergency brake but cannot stop in time. The
oncoming train injures the plaintiff’s legs catastrophically. They could not
be saved. Both legs had to be amputated below the knee.

The pleadings

4 The plaintiff commenced this action on 16 June 2011. As she is a minor, she
sues through her father as her litigation representative. On 31 January 2012,
the plaintiff added the LTA as a second defendant and filed her third amended
Statement of Claim asserting a cause of action against the LTA.

5 The plaintiff pleads that her injuries were caused by the following breaches
of duty by the defendants: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 3, para 6

(a) breach of a duty of care in negligence;

(b) breach of duty as occupiers: the defendants are both occupiers of AMK
Station, and the plaintiff was a lawful visitor to AMK Station, having paid a
fee to the defendants’ ticketing agents for the use of AMK Station 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 3, para 2

;

(c) breach of statutory duty: the defendants failed to take adequate measures
to prevent people from falling from a height, in breach of paragraph 27 of the
fifth schedule of the Building Control Regulations 2003 (Cap 29, S 666/2003)
(“the Regulations”) 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 3, paras 6(b)-(c)

; and

(d) breach of an implied term of the contract between the plaintiff and SMRT
and/or LTA that AMK Station would be safe for lawful visitors standing on the
platform behind the yellow line, even if the platform was crowded 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 3, para 5

.

6 The plaintiff also pleads and relies on the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 3, para 6(ee)

.

7 The plaintiff gave the following particulars of the defendants’ breaches of
duty:

(a) failing to erect, design or construct any or sufficient barriers between
the platform and the tracks at the time of construction of AMK Station or at
the time of the accident 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 3, para 6(a)

;

(b) failing to be aware of, or prevent, the reasonable risk of persons falling
into the tracks when the platform is overcrowded, including the possibility of
persons being pushed 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 3, para 6(f)-(j), (s), (v)

;

(c) failing to ensure that trains arrived at a proper interval such as to
prevent overcrowding at the platform, thereby causing the plaintiff to lose
her balance after she was pushed 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 3, para 6(f)

;

(d) failing to ensure that the distance between the yellow line and the edge
of the platform (“the yellow line distance”) was sufficient to prevent people
falling onto the tracks when people pushed forward, and misleading the
plaintiff into believing that she would be reasonably safe as long as she
stood behind the yellow line 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 3, para 6(k)-(n)

;

(e) failing to take any or any sufficient measures to ensure the plaintiff was
safe when the trains were approaching 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 3, para 6(o)-(r)

;

(f) failing to keep adequate manpower on the platform to ensure proper crowd
control especially when the platform was very crowded 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 3, para 6(y)-(z)

;

(g) failing to institute or enforce any or any adequate system of monitoring
or crowd control whereby danger could be detected before the plaintiff’s
accident 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 3, para 6(aa)

; and

(h) failing to see the plaintiff in sufficient time or to brake the train in
sufficient time to avoid the plaintiff’s accident 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 3, para 6(bb)-(dd)

.

8 The plaintiff’s position evolved considerably over the course of trial. At
the conclusion of the trial, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Gomez, accepted
that it was no longer the plaintiff’s case that 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

See Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 46

she had been pushed on to the tracks 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See transcript for 20 November 2012 at p 2, line 13

. He also did not pursue the allegation that the defendants negligently
permitted the platform to become overcrowded 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See transcript for 20 November 2012 at p 3 line 30- p 4 line 5

, whether by failing to ensure that the trains arrived at proper intervals 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See transcript for 20 November 2012 at p 3, lines 25-30

or otherwise. Mr Gomez also dropped the allegation that there was negligence
on the part of the train driver 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

See transcript for 20 November 2012 at p 4 lines 6-10

or in the operation of the train’s brakes 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See transcript for 20 November 2012 at p 4 lines 11-13

. However, he did argue that the speed of the train when it arrived at AMK
Station had been unreasonably fast 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See transcript for 20 November 2012 at p 4 at lines 11-28

. In relation to defendants’ failure to erect any barriers at the platform
edge, it became apparent as the case unfolded that the plaintiff’s contention
encompassed both the defendants’ failure to erect permanent platform-edge
barriers at the time the plaintiff was injured, as well as its failure to
erect interim platform-edge barriers while it was installing the permanent
platform-edge barriers.

9 SMRT’s defence to the claim in negligence is that it took appropriate and
sufficient measures to prevent people from falling from the platform on to the
tracks at AMK Station. These measures included drawing a yellow safety line on
the platform, broadcasting audio warnings and displaying warning signs
trackside at AMK Station. SMRT also averred that installing platform-edge
barriers was not a matter within its purview 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 35, para 4a

. The LTA argues that it was not negligent because it took appropriate and
sufficient measures to prevent people falling onto the tracks at AMK Station
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 46 para 6biii

. In particular, it pleads that platform-edge barriers were not necessary to
keep the plaintiff reasonably safe 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 45, para 6a

.

10 Both defendants aver that safety is a responsibility shared between SMRT,
the LTA and passengers. They both also initially averred that the plaintiff’s
injuries were caused solely by or “wholly” contributed to by the plaintiff’s
own negligence in failing to keep a proper lookout for the oncoming train,
failing to take reasonable care of her own well-being, failing to pay adequate
attention to the surroundings, failing to take precautions for her own safety
and failing to stand behind the yellow line until the train had stopped 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 41 para 6, and p 50, para 7

.

11 In relation to the claim for breach of statutory duty, both defendants
contend that MRT stations are exempt from complying with the Regulations 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 35 para 4b, and p 45 para 6b

.

12 At the conclusion of the evidence, counsel for the defendants, Mr
Anparasan, conceded that the LTA and SMRT both owe a duty of care to the
plaintiff 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See transcript for 20 November 2012 at p 10, lines 12-14

; and that if they were to be found to be in breach of this duty of care, that
the breach caused the plaintiff’s injury 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See transcript for 20 November 2012 at p 6, line 10-29 and Defendants’ Closing
Submissions at para 47

. The defendants also abandoned their claim of contributory negligence against
the plaintiff 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See transcript for 20 November 2012 at pp 8-9; Defendants’ Closing Submissions
at para 47

.

The issues before this court

13 The legal issues before me are as follows:

(a) The basis of the defendants’ duty of care to the plaintiff;

(b) Whether there was a contract between the plaintiff and SMRT; and if so,
whether there was an implied term in that contract; and if so, whether that
term was breached;

(c) The standard of care expected of the defendants;

(d) Whether the defendants breached their duty of care to the plaintiff;

(e) Whether the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur applies; and

(f) Whether there was a breach of statutory duty on the part of the
defendants.

14 Before dealing with these issues however, it is necessary for me to make
factual findings on two key points:

(a) Why did the plaintiff fall onto the tracks? and

(b) Was the plaintiff standing behind the yellow line when she fell?

Why did the plaintiff fall onto the tracks?

The oral evidence

15 There was some uncertainty as to why the plaintiff fell onto the tracks.
The plaintiff initially alleged in her affidavit that the passengers waiting
on the platform at AMK Station that morning rushed or surged toward the yellow
line, pushing and shoving and coming into close contact with her as the train
approached. The plaintiff no longer pursues that allegation. The plaintiff’s
evidence in chief is that she simply “lost [her] balance” 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See PBAEIC at p 3, para 6

. She is unable to remember tumbling from the platform on to the train tracks
because her mind went blank sometime between the time she lost her balance and
the time she landed on the tracks 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ibid

. She regained consciousness only when the train was approaching but was
unable to react by scrambling to safety as she was in a state of shock. The
plaintiff maintained in her testimony that she did not faint 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See transcript for 29 October 2012 at p 35, lines 5-6

. On the last day of trial, Mr Gomez summed up the position as being that the
plaintiff “felt dizzy” and “blanked out just before the train arrived”, but
stopped short of agreeing with my suggestion that she had fainted 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

See transcript for 20 November 2012 at p 2 lines 3-32—p 3 lines 1-8

.

16 The defendants’ case is that AMK Station was not crowded on 3 April 2011
because it was not a weekday and because the plaintiff was not travelling at
peak hour. They argue that the plaintiff clearly was not pushed or jostled
into losing her balance. But they do not allege that the plaintiff jumped from
the platform or that her conduct was in some other way deliberate. Their
pleaded case is that she fell onto the tracks “on her own accord.” 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See Defendants’ Opening Statement dated 19 October 2012 at para 12

That is a curious phrase given that the defendants do not allege that the
plaintiff’s actions were deliberate. In the context of the defendant’s case, I
must read that phrase as meaning simply that the plaintiff fell without any
external impetus.

17 Mr Anparasan referred me to a medical report from the doctor who attended
to the plaintiff when she arrived at the emergency department of Tan Tock Seng
Hospital. The report stated that upon arrival, the plaintiff “alleged she was
feeling giddy that day and she accidentally fell onto the MRT track at Ang Mo
Kio station 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 31

”. Further, a number of newspaper articles were adduced as evidence in court,
each reporting that the plaintiff “had a dizzy spell”, or “fell into the path
of an oncoming train after feeling dizzy”. In one particular article, the
plaintiff was reported to have told her aunt, one Ms Hong, that she 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

See Defendants’ Bundle of Documents (“DBOD”) Vol 2 at p 351

:

...remembers very clearly that she was standing behind the yellow line. Then
she started blacking out and has no idea how she fell onto the tracks. Ms Hong
said that [the plaintiff] remembered fainting before the accident. “She felt
giddy and fell forward. When she woke up, she was already beneath the MRT
train,” said Ms Hong.

18 When cross-examined on the contents of the medical report and the newspaper
reports, the plaintiff denied that they accurately described how she fell 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See transcript for 29 October 2012 at p 27 line 30- p 28 line 17

.

The CCTV footage

19 CCTV footage from Ang Mo Kio Station shows the plaintiff waiting
uneventfully for her train at the platform. As a train approaches the station,
the plaintiff is seen to start falling forward: stiffly, with her arms by her
side. She continues falling forward face-first until she lands horizontally on
the platform, still with her arms by her side. At this point, all of her body
is still on the platform except for her shoulders and head, which are over the
platform edge. The momentum of her fall then carries her body forward
horizontally along the platform and over its edge. As her waist passes the
platform edge, her legs flip over her upper body (which by this time appears
to be under the platform) in a somersault-like motion. Her entire body then
falls at track level with her head and torso under the platform, off the
tracks and face up, but with both her shins lying across the rail closest to
the platform. The lower extremities of the plaintiff’s legs are now the only
part of her body which is still visible in the CCTV footage. The entire
process of her falling takes at most 3 seconds. About two seconds after
falling on the track, the plaintiff’s legs appear to pull back slightly and
then remain still. They remain motionless for the six seconds or so which then
elapse until the impact of the train.

20 The CCTV footage was viewed in court in the presence of the plaintiff’s
expert witness, Dr Natarajan Krishnamurthy (“Dr Krishnamurthy”). Dr
Krishnamurthy is a consultant in safety, structures and computer applications,
as well as an expert in biomechanics. Dr Krishnamurthy’s report detailed the
progression of events shown in the recording 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

See PBAEIC at pp 21-38

. Dr Krishnamurthy also took the court through a frame-by-frame review of the
CCTV footage during the hearing. A few of his observations stood out to me:

(a) There were three layers of passengers on the platform behind the
plaintiff, with nobody crowding the plaintiff 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

See transcript for Day 3 at p 47 lines 1-2, and Dr Krishnamurthy’s Report in
PBAEIC at p 21, row 9

;

(b) There was no physical contact between the plaintiff and any of the other
passengers around her throughout her wait at the platform 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See transcript for Day 3 at p 49 lines 16-19, and p 55 at lines 15 to 27

. There was also no surge of passengers to board the train as the train came
into the station;

(c) The plaintiff’s arms remained “stiffly at [her] sides” as she fell onto
the platform and flipped over the platform edge 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

See Dr Krishnamurthy’s Report in PBAEIC at p 21, row 11

. She appears to have done nothing to stop herself from falling or to break
her fall 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

See transcript for Day 3 at p 38, lines 1-9

;

(d) A person who had fainted could fall as the plaintiff did, namely stiffly
and laterally, rather than buckling at the knees and collapsing in a heap 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See transcript for Day 4 at p 42

; and

(e) There was a period of 6 to 8 seconds during which the plaintiff remained
motionless on the tracks before the train’s impact. Dr Krishnamurthy’s view
was that the movement of the plaintiff’s legs seen about two seconds after she
fell on the tracks was probably “an involuntary, physical, biomechanical
movement 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

See transcript of 31 October 2012 at p 44, lines1-15 and p 45, lines 4-18

”.

21 Aside from the CCTV recordings and the analysis offered by Dr
Krishnamurthy, there was also the eyewitness evidence of Mr Mohamed Faizal bin
Mohd Yunos (“Mr Mohamed”). He drove the train which struck the plaintiff. His
evidence was that the platform of AMK Station was “not crowded” 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See transcript for 6 November 2012 at p 31, line 18

as the train approached it. A short distance before the train reached the tail
wall of the platform, he saw “a female commuter . . . suddenly falling onto
the tracks”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AEIC of Mohamed Faizal bin Mohd Yunos at para 8.

In cross-examination, he expanded on this in describing the events of 3 April
2011:

A Okay, as per---as per normal, I report to work, 6 o’clock, and drive my
train. Then about, er, 10.00 plus as I am taking the train at J4, that means,
er, Jurong 4 towards, er, Marina Bay. So as per normal, lah, I would go in,
er, auto mode. So, er, as approaching Ang Mo Kio, that means, er, the train
moves as per normal, as approaching Ang Mo Kio, when come to it, er, I saw a
---someone just like, er, fainted or fell. So the moment I saw the thing tilt
I straightaway press the [emergency] brake and, er, was hoping for the train
to stop. So, er, eventually the train would stop halfway and, you know, I feel
someone, er, hit someone. So at that time I would control, er, contact my
control centre.

[Emphasis added.]

22 I asked him why he used the words “fainted or fell” which are underlined
above. He explained that it was because the plaintiff fell “like a leaf
dropping 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See transcript for 6 November 2012 at p 32, lines 6-29

”:

Court: --as you came into the station, you saw someone just [“]fainted or
fell[”]?

Mr Mohamed: It’s, er, it is like, er—from my point of view, it is like, er,
fell---fainted, er, moment, you know, its (sic) like a leaf dropping—

...

Court: Can you explain more what you mean by that?

Mr Mohamed: Er, you know, it’s—it’s like a leaf just drop—

...

Court: I see, and—and I’m sorry to ask this again, I’m not doubting what you
are saying, but I’m asking if you can explain it in another way, why you say
you saw someone who fainted?

Mr Mohamed: Because, er, the—the—the fall when, er, for me to think logic,
when a fall—when you are talking about somebody push, the fall is—

Court: Right.

Mr Mohamed: --er, you surge forward, but this fall is like, er, it just like a
blackout, a knockout, just—you just drop---

Court: I see.

23 Based on my own viewing of the CCTV footage and taking into account the
factual evidence of Mr Mohamed and the biomechanical expert evidence of Dr
Krishnamurthy, it is very clear to me that the plaintiff fell because she
suffered a sudden loss of consciousness. I draw this inference because her
fall began with no precursor and completely spontaneously. It was caused by no
external agent. The CCTV footage shows, and I find as a fact, that she did not
fall because she was pushed or jostled. Further, once her fall began, it was
completely uncontrolled. Someone who begins to fall because she has lost her
balance would ordinarily try immediately to regain her balance by bracing her
feet or in some other way. If that proved impossible, she would ordinarily try
while falling to break her fall by extending her arms. Finally, she would
ordinarily show some signs of trying to get up or to get to safety after
falling. The CCTV footage shows the plaintiff did none of these things. It can
only be because she was not aware that she was falling or that she had fallen
and unable to do so. I therefore find that the plaintiff was unconscious
throughout her fall. She regained consciousness a few seconds before the
impact. By that time, it was too late for her, in her state of shock, to
react.

24 This finding, of course, does not determine whether the plaintiff's action
succeeds or fails. It is no longer the defendants’ case that the plaintiff was
in any way at fault, whether wholly or partly, for having fallen or for the
injuries she sustained. Further, on the facts, there was no suggestion that
the plaintiff felt ill before she fell onto the tracks or had any warning that
she was going to lose consciousness. Indeed, her evidence was that she had
never fainted before 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See transcript for 29 October 2012 at p 30 lines 20-10

. This evidence was not seriously challenged.

25 My finding that the plaintiff fell because she suffered a sudden and
unpredictable loss of consciousness is in some respect inconsistent with her
own evidence. But my finding has no impact on my assessment of the credibility
of the plaintiff or of her case. Nobody who was in court when she gave
evidence could have failed to have been impressed by the quiet honesty and
obvious candour with which she recounted – to the best of her recollection –
the harrowing events of 3 April 2011. Given my finding that she lost
consciousness suddenly, and the undoubted deep shock and trauma that she has
suffered, it is not at all surprising that she is mistaken in some aspects of
her recollection of these events.

Was the plaintiff standing behind the yellow line?

26 One of the particulars of contributory negligence alleged by the defendants
is that the plaintiff failed to stand behind the yellow line painted on the
platform at AMK Station 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Pleadings at p 41, para 6e

. Although the defendants no longer rely on contributory negligence, I should
say something about this allegation.

27 This allegation is unsupported by any evidence. Indeed, it is positively
contradicted by the plaintiff’s own evidence, by the CCTV footage and by the
defendants’ own expert’s evidence. The plaintiff’s evidence is that she
clearly remembers standing behind the yellow line at all times 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

See transcript for 29 October 2012 at p 38, lines 4-9

. That may be self-serving evidence, but its truth is borne out by the CCTV
footage. Its truth is also borne out by the defendant’s expert witness, Mr
John Peter O’Grady. He is the Head of the Safety and Environment Department of
the Toronto Transit Commission. He agreed in his report that based on his
viewing of the CCTV footage, “all the passengers, including the plaintiff,
were positioned safely on the platform prior to the approach of the train” 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See PBAEIC Vol 3 at p 19, para 52

. Mr O’Grady accepted in cross-examination that by “positioned safely”, he
means that the plaintiff was standing behind the yellow line 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

See transcript for 1 November 2012 at p 42, lines 1-4

.

28 I therefore find that the plaintiff was indeed standing behind the yellow
line at the time she began to fall. In addition, if it is any solace to the
plaintiff and her parents, I find that there was nothing more that she could
have done to protect herself from harm on 3 April 2011. The defendants’
counsel and witnesses repeated the mantra that safety is a shared
responsibility. That is no doubt true as a matter of fact. It is also a theme
that runs through the law of tort. But it is true at a very high level of
generality. When I asked the defendants’ representatives what specifically
that means for a passenger standing on a platform and waiting for a train,
they had to concede that it simply means that the passenger should stand
behind the yellow line and not “run about” or “do any unsafe act at the
platform” 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

See transcript for 5 November 2012 at p 33, lines 1-18, p 34 line 10 – p 6
line 26

. To the extent that it is necessary, and in light of my finding at [24]
above, I find that the plaintiff fully discharged her share of the “shared
responsibility” for her own safety.

29 Having dealt with these factual findings, I now turn to consider whether
the defendants discharged their share of this shared responsibility. I
consider first the basis of the defendants’ duty of care to the plaintiff.

The duty of care

Occupier’s liability subsumed under general negligence

30 The plaintiff asserts a cause of action in general negligence as well as in
occupier’s liability (see [5(a)]-[5(b)] above). For this purpose, SMRT
concedes that it is an occupier of AMK Station, while the LTA maintains that
it is not.

31 It is, however, not necessary for me to determine whether the LTA was or
was not an occupier of AMK Station. The decision of the Court of Appeal in See
Toh Siew Kee v Ho Ah Lam Ferrocement (Private) Limited & Others [2013] 3 SLR
284 has swept away all of the archaic and arbitrary distinctions which
underpinned the law of occupier’s liability as a head of liability in tort
separate from general negligence. After See Toh Siew Kee, the position in law
(at [76]) is simply and elegantly that:

. . . as a matter of logic, the principles governing occupiers' liability are
a proper subset of the general principles of the law of negligence. The law in
Singapore on occupiers' liability can and should be subsumed under the tort of
negligence.

32 In any event, under the old law of occupier’s liability, an occupier owed
an invitee a duty only to prevent damage or injury to the invitee arising from
any unusual danger on the premises which the occupier knew or ought to know of
and which the invitee did not know of: Industrial Commercial Bank v Tan Swa
Eng and others and another appeal [1995] 2 SLR(R) 385 at [18]. The danger of
falling off the unfenced platform at AMK Station onto the train tracks and
being struck by a train is in no way an unusual danger. Quite the opposite: it
is the most obvious danger that any invitee to AMK Station will be alive to.
The plaintiff’s claim against the defendants in occupier’s liability could not
have succeeded in any event. It would, even under the old law, therefore have
added nothing to her claim in general negligence.

General duty of care in the tort of negligence

33 The question I have to resolve, therefore, is whether SMRT and the LTA have
a relationship with the plaintiff which gives rise to a duty of care in the
general tort of negligence. Both SMRT and the LTA concede that they do owe the
plaintiff a duty of care in respect of her safety when using the MRT stations
and trains 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

See Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 47 (ii)

. This concession is undoubtedly correctly made.

34 The modern test to be applied in Singapore law to determine whether a duty
of care arises is set out in Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence
Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”). This test
comprises a threshold question of factual foreseeability, coupled with a two-
stage test comprising (1) proximity and (2) policy considerations. Each aspect
of the test is to be applied having regard to decided cases in analogous
situations (Spandeck at [73]), and therefore developed incrementally rather
than radically.

Factual foreseeability

35 The threshold test of factual foreseeability is not a high one. All that is
needed is that it is foreseeable that the defendants’ negligence might result
in persons such as the plaintiff suffering harm. This is a factual inquiry and
a matter of common sense. In the present case, the danger of a passenger being
struck by a train is obvious and therefore clearly foreseeable. In fact, I can
go further than that: the danger was not merely foreseeable, it was actually
foreseen. It is not in dispute that there had been several incidents before
April 2011 where passengers had suffered death or injury in MRT stations as a
result of being struck by trains.

Proximity

36 The concept of proximity under Spandeck focuses on the closeness and
directness of the defendants’ relationship with the plaintiff, and inquires
whether it is sufficiently proximate to give rise to a duty of care: Caparo
Industries Plc v Dickman [1989] QB 653 at 679. This concept was helpfully
elaborated upon in the following passage from the decision of the Australian
High Court in Sutherland Shire Council v Heyman (1985) 60 ALR 1 at 55-56,
adopted in Spandeck (at [78]):

The requirement of proximity is directed to the relationship between the
parties in so far as it is relevant to the allegedly negligent act or omission
of the defendant and the loss or injury sustained by the plaintiff. It
involves the notion of nearness or closeness and embraces physical proximity
(in the sense of space and time) between the person or property of the
plaintiff and the person or property of the defendant, circumstantial
proximity such as an overriding relationship of employer and employee or of a
professional man and his client and what may (perhaps loosely) be referred to
as causal proximity in the sense of the closeness or directness of the causal
connection or relationship between the particular act or course of conduct and
the loss or injury sustained. It may reflect an assumption by one party of a
responsibility to take care to avoid or prevent injury, loss or damage to the
person or property of another or reliance by one party upon such care being
taken by the other in circumstances where the other party knew or ought to
have known of that reliance. Both the identity and the relative importance of
the factors which are determinative of an issue of proximity are likely to
vary in different categories of case.

37 SMRT owns and operates the mass rapid trains, hires service staff and
manages AMK Station on a day-to-day basis. It controls both the day-to-day
condition of AMK Station’s premises and its activity of running MRT trains
through AMK Station. This clearly gives rise to a relationship of
circumstantial and causal proximity between SMRT and passengers who use AMK
Station. Passengers rely on SMRT to conduct its activities at AMK Station
safely. SMRT was therefore quite right to concede that it stood in a
relationship of proximity to the plaintiff.

38 The LTA, too, was quite right to concede that it owed the plaintiff a duty
of care 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

See Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 101

. First, the LTA is the owner of AMK Station and is responsible for its
design. Second, the LTA continues to have ultimate control over the physical
environment and condition of AMK Station, and in particular its physical
safety features. SMRT is obliged to obtain clearances and approvals from LTA
before implementing any modifications to the MRT network, and to comply with
procedures laid down and agreed by SMRT and LTA 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

See DBOD Vol 5 at p 835

. In addition, SMRT cannot make any alterations or additions to AMK Station
without LTA’s prior written consent 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

See PBOD Vol 4 at p 859

. SMRT’s witnesses confirmed that SMRT has to apply to the LTA and obtain its
approval to erect safety features such as platform barriers 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

See transcript for 6 November 2012 at p 63 line 32- p 64 line 5

. Third, in addition to being the owner of AMK Station, LTA is also the
approving authority for and has control over the Safety Management System
which it is SMRT’s obligation to implement under Clause 8 of the Licence and
Operating Agreement between SMRT and the LTA 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See DBOD Vol 4 at pp 821-850; see transcript for 7 November 2012 at p 65-66.

. The LTA too was quite right to concede that it stood in a relationship of
proximity to the plaintiff.

Policy considerations

39 The second question in the Spandeck test is whether there are policy
considerations which negate this duty of care. This stage of the test is
adapted from the second stage of the test propounded by Lord Wilberforce in
Anns v Merton London Borough Council [1978] 1 AC 728 (at 752). This involves,
as stated by Lord Browne-Wilkinson in Barrett v Enfield London Borough Council
[2001] 2 AC 550 at 558:

...weighing in the balance the total detriment to the public interest in all
cases from holding such class liable in negligence as against the total loss
to all would-be plaintiffs if they are not to have a cause of action in
respect of the loss they have individually suffered.

40  The defendants did not make any submissions arguing that policy militated
against the imposition of a duty of care on them. I do not see any legitimate
policy concerns militating against holding railway operators and regulators to
a duty to take reasonable care in running their operations to ensure the
safety of their passengers.

Incremental approach

41 I also have regard to analogous cases concerning the duty of care owed by
railway operators and authorities, applying the incremental approach to the
duty of care question mandated by Spandeck. In Simkin and ors v North Western
Railway Company (1888) 21 QBD 453, the court held that the defendant railway
company owed a duty to passengers in operating a railway station to “provide
means of access to and egress from their station reasonably safe and suited
for the carrying on of the business which their Act of Parliament authorized
them to carry on” (at 459). Negligence “would mean the omission by the
defendants to do something which persons conducting a railway with reasonable
care and caution should do” (at 456-).

42 In Hare v British Transport Commission [1956] 1 WLR 250, the defendant
Transport Commission was held liable when an unticketed plaintiff who was
sending a passenger off was hit by an open carriage door as the train moved
off, causing her to throw her baby onto the platform. The court held that it
was “established that a duty is owed to persons allowed to be on the platform”
(at 253), and that the plaintiff was entitled to assume that the doors of the
carriage would be closed.

43 The decision of the Australian High Court in Public Transport Commission of
New South Wales v Perry (1977) 14 ALR 273 is particularly instructive. The
plaintiff passenger was waiting on a railway platform owned and occupied by
the defendant transport commission. She suffered an epileptic fit and fell
unconscious onto the railway tracks. She was then run over by an oncoming
train. The Supreme Court of New South Wales found the train’s driver to have
been negligent in failing to keep a proper lookout, in failing to notice
another commuter running along the tracks and waving his suitcase in warning
and in thinking the plaintiff was a large piece of brown paper on the tracks.
The plaintiff’s action therefore succeeded. The High Court of Australia upheld
the decision of the Supreme Court of New South Wales. Gibbs and Stephen JJ,
two of the five judges, found that the appellant owed a duty of care to the
respondent in general negligence arising from the defendant’s proximity to the
plaintiff and from the foreseeability of injury to the plaintiff if it did not
take reasonable care in conducting its operations. Stephen J opined that the
running of trains at high speed, the evidence that people fell onto tracks
quite often, and the fact that it was “precisely alongside station platforms
that the Commission’s tracks are necessarily situated in close proximity to
people congregated above those tracks, tracks which lie at their feet and from
which they cannot be fenced off”, gave rise to a general duty of care for the
passenger’s safety (at 300). The majority of the Australian High Court
comprised Mason, Jacobs and Barwick JJ. They analysed the case on the
principles of occupier’s liability. That, of course, is no longer a separate
head of liability in tort under Singapore law.

44 I therefore find, quite apart from any concession, that SMRT and the LTA
owed the plaintiff a general duty of care in the law of negligence to ensure
that she was reasonably safe while was at AMK Station. This duty arose from
the foreseeability of harm to persons such as the plaintiff if due care was
not taken, the well-established relationship of proximity between passengers
and rail transport operators and regulatory authorities, and the lack of any
policy considerations negating a duty of care.

The plaintiff’s claim in contract

Implied term that AMK Station was reasonably safe

45 The plaintiff asserts an alternative cause of action in contract against
SMRT. The plaintiff pleads that it was an implied term of its contract with
SMRT that she would be reasonably safe on the premises of AMK Station 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

See Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 9

. This contract was formed when the plaintiff purchased her ticket from SMRT
to enter AMK Station. The plaintiff’s case is that the implied term that
passengers would be reasonably safe in their use of AMK Station is a term
implied in fact. The plaintiff does not plead that it is a term implied in
law.

Two alternative tests for implying terms in fact

46 There are two traditional tests for implying a term into a contract. The
first was developed by the English Court of Appeal in the The Moorcock (1889)
14 PD 64 (“The Moorcock”), a case which, as I will explain, bears similarities
with the present facts. At 68, Bowen LJ famously stated:

Now, an implied warranty, or, as it is called, a covenant in law, as
distinguished from an express contract or express warranty, really is in all
cases founded on the presumed intention of the parties, and upon reason. The
implication which the law draws from what must obviously have been the
intention of the parties, the law draws with the object of giving efficacy to
the transaction and preventing such a failure of consideration as cannot have
been within the contemplation of either side; and I believe if one were to
take all the cases, and there are many, of implied warranties or covenants in
law, it will be found that in all of them the law is raising an implication
from the presumed intention of the parties with the object of giving to the
transaction such efficacy as both parties must have intended that at all
events it should have. In business transactions such as this, what the law
desires to effect by the implication is to give such business efficacy to the
transaction as must have been intended at all events by both parties who are
business men; not to impose on one side all the perils of the transaction, or
to emancipate one side from all the chances of failure, but to make each party
promise in law as much, at all events, as it must have been in the
contemplation of both parties that he should be responsible for in respect of
those perils or chances.

47 This is commonly referred to as the “business efficacy test”. The second
test, known as the “officious bystander test”, was formulated by MacKinnon LJ
in the English Court of Appeal decision of Shirlaw v Southern Foundries (1926)
Limited [1939] 2 KB 206 (at 227):

If I may quote from an essay which I wrote some years ago, I then said: "Prima
facie that which in any contract is left to be implied and need not be
expressed is something so obvious that it goes without saying; so that, if,
while the parties were making their bargain, an officious bystander were to
suggest some express provision for it in their agreement, they would testily
suppress him with a common 'Oh, of course!'"

48 Both tests are firmly established in Singapore’s case law: see Forefront
Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927
(“Forefront”) at [32], Foo Jong Peng and others v Phua Kiah Mai and another
[2012] 4 SLR 1267 (“Foo Jong Peng”) at [27], Lim Eng Hock Peter v Batshita
International (Pte) Ltd [1996] 2 SLR(R) 292 at [13]-[15] and Chai Chung Ching
Chester v Diversey (Far East) Pte Ltd [1991] 1 SLR(R) 757 at [34]).

A term as to reasonable safety is implied on either test

49 In the present case, the defendants did not challenge the plaintiff’s
assertion that she was a ticketed passenger at AMK Station. It is not clear
whether the ticket was a standard ticket purchased on the day of travel or a
stored value card which could be purchased in advance of travel and used
repeatedly until the stored value is depleted. In either case, I accept that
the plaintiff gave consideration for her journey and that a contract of
carriage therefore arose between the plaintiff and SMRT. The question then is
whether a term that AMK Station’s platform would be reasonably safe for the
plaintiff’s use can be implied into the contract of carriage, applying either
of the traditional tests for implying contract terms.

50 The defendants argue that the court should be slow to imply a term into the
contract where there has been no evidence of the express terms of that
contract. I agree that there is no evidence of express terms of the contract
of carriage between the plaintiff and SMRT. Plaintiff’s counsel adduced a
document entitled “Conditions of Issue and Use for Standard Tickets”, which he
claimed was obtained from SMRT’s website and represented the express terms of
the plaintiff’s contract with SMRT 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents at pp 1-3

. This is incorrect. The document is in fact from the website of Transit Link
Pte Ltd (“Transit Link”). Transit Link is a third-party contractor whose sole
function is to issue tickets which can be used to travel on SMRT’s systems.
Therefore, the “Conditions of Issue and Use for Standard Tickets” contained
the express terms of a contract between the plaintiff and Transit Link under
which the plaintiff acquired a ticket, as opposed to the express terms of any
contract of carriage with SMRT. In any case, there was nothing to suggest that
the plaintiff was aware of the express terms of a contract with either Transit
Link or SMRT.

51 However, I do not accept the defendants’ argument that the absence of
evidence of express terms, and the plaintiff’s ignorance of such terms,
prevents a term being implied into the contract of carriage. The Moorcock
concerned a similar fact situation: there was no written contract between the
plaintiff and the defendant, and no clear evidence as to the express oral
terms of the contract (see the first instance decision: (1888) 13 PD 157 at
159). It sufficed that the defendant wharfingers had agreed to allow the
plaintiff shipowner, for consideration, to discharge his vessel at their
jetty. This purpose could be achieved only if the vessel was moored to the
jetty and allowed to take the ground. The court found that the business of the
jetty could not be carried on except on the basis that the ground was fit for
the purpose of grounding moored vessels. Both parties “must have known... that
unless the ground was safe the ship would be simply buying an opportunity of
danger, and that all consideration would fail unless some care had been taken
to see that the ground was safe” (at 69). Further, the defendants were the
only ones who, by virtue of their control over the jetty and its grounds, were
able to ascertain the condition of the ground. In the circumstances, it
advanced business efficacy to imply a term into the oral contract that the
ground of the jetty was fit for the purpose for which the plaintiff had
contracted to use it. In the present case, the purpose of the plaintiff’s
contract of carriage with SMRT was her transportation from point A to point B.
There must have been an understanding between the parties that this could be
done only if SMRT, having control of its stations and trains, ensured that the
premises were reasonably fit for the purpose for which the plaintiff
contracted to use them. Therefore, I have no doubt that under both the
“business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests, there was an implied term
that the plaintiff be kept reasonably safe from injury while using stations
and trains operated by SMRT. Had the officious bystander asked the plaintiff
and SMRT whether SMRT had an obligation to make AMK Station reasonably safe
for the plaintiff’s use, I have no doubt that both would have replied with a
common “of course”.

52 That said, the term which I find is implied into the contract is simply
that the SMRT’s premises would be reasonably safe for the use of ticketed
passengers. I cannot imply into the contract a term to the effect that
ticketed passengers would be absolutely safe at AMK Station. It is true that
liability in contract is strict, rendering absence of fault irrelevant in a
claim for breach of contract. But the scope of a contractual term, whether
express or implied, may be contractually limited by a duty to take reasonable
care. The implied term which the plaintiff argues is one such term. To show
why, I return to the alternative tests for implying a term into a contract.
Neither business efficacy nor the officious bystander requires the defendants
to guarantee the plaintiff’s safety and thereby become the plaintiff’s insurer
for every journey she takes. It therefore follows that the question raised by
the plaintiff’s claim in contract is the same question raised by her claim in
tort: was AMK Station at the material time reasonably safe for the plaintiff’s
reasonable use? I address this question at [71]-[91] below in dealing with the
plaintiff’s claim in negligence.

The standard of care

53 The standard of care in general negligence is the objective standard of a
reasonable person using ordinary care and skill. As stated in Blyth v
Birmingham Waterworks (1856) 11 Ex 781 at 784:

Negligence is the omission to do something which a reasonable man, guided upon
those considerations which ordinarily regulate the conduct of human affairs,
would do; or doing something which a prudent and reasonable man would not do.

54 How does this standard of care apply, in particular, to railway operators
and their regulatory authorities? The following extracts from key texts are
instructive:

Railway authorities are under a duty to use reasonable care and skill in the
provision and maintenance of their premises, including their carriages, the
provision and maintenance of railway tracks, the provision of a proper system
of signalling, and the carrying on of their activities so as to prevent
accidents. The standard of care is that of a reasonably careful and skilful
body of persons, carrying on the work of such a transport undertaking

[Charlesworth and Percy on Negligence (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2010) at para
10-100]

Those responsible for the operation of the service, the rolling stock, track
and signalling, “shall use care and diligence so that no accident shall
happen’ [Wright v Midland Ry (1873) LR 8 Ex 137 at 140]. The standard of care
is that of a reasonably careful and skilful person”

[Clerk and Lindsell on Torts (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2010) at para 8-189]

55 Whether the defendants have breached this standard of care cannot be
analysed in a vacuum or at too high a level of generality. It must be analysed
in light of the nature of the specific risk that has eventuated. This in turn
requires an analysis of the magnitude of the risk, the seriousness of the harm
if the risk eventuates, the cost and practicability of steps to eliminate or
mitigate that risk. As stated in Walker v Northumberland County Council [1995]
ICR 702 at 711:

It is reasonably clear from the authorities that once a duty of care has been
established the standard of care required for the performance of that duty
must be measured against the yardstick of reasonable conduct on the part of a
person in the position of that person who owes the duty. The law does not
impose upon him the duty of an insurer against all injury or damage caused by
him, however unlikely or unexpected and whatever the practical difficulties of
guarding against it. It calls for no more than a reasonable response, what is
reasonable being measured by the nature of the neighbourhood relationship, the
magnitude of the risk of injury which was reasonably foreseeable, the
seriousness of the consequence for the person to whom the duty is owed of the
risk eventuating and the cost and impracticability of preventing the risk.

[emphasis added]

56 The relevant risk in the present case, of course, is the risk of a
passenger falling from the platform onto the tracks and being struck by a
train.

Magnitude of harm

57 I look first at the magnitude of the harm that may result from that risk
eventuating. It is clearly at the extreme end of the scale. Falling onto the
tracks will, in itself, cause only slight injury. But falling onto the tracks
in the face of an oncoming train will almost certainly lead to death or
catastrophic, life-changing personal injury. The harm is of this magnitude
because of the relatively high speed at which MRT trains approach stations.
The plaintiff has, of course, dropped its claim that that speed was in itself
unreasonable and unsafe. But that speed taken together with other factors
undoubtedly poses a danger of catastrophic harm. It remains the case that
“those who engage in operations inherently dangerous must take precautions
which are not required of persons engaged in the ordinary routine of daily
life” (see Glasgow Corp v Muir [1943] AC 448 at 456).

Likelihood of harm

58 Risk is an ordinary and unavoidable incident of life. There is risk in
every activity we undertake and in every activity that others undertake in our
proximity, both literally and metaphorically. It is plainly not reasonable to
hold those others to a standard where they are obliged to reduce the risks
inherent in those activities to zero. In assessing the likelihood of harm, it
is therefore necessary to consider not only the possibility of a risk
materialising, but its probability. As Lord Oaksey said in Bolton v Stone
[1951] 1 AC 850 (at 863):

The standard of care in the law of negligence is the standard of an ordinarily
careful man, but in my opinion an ordinarily careful man does not take
precautions against every foreseeable risk. He can, of course, foresee the
possibility of many risks, but life would be almost impossible if he were to
attempt to take precautions against every risk which he can foresee. He takes
precautions against risks which are reasonably likely to happen. Many
foreseeable risks are extremely unlikely to happen and cannot be guarded
against except by almost complete isolation.

59 Lord Porter in the same case also opined that (at 858):

It is not enough that the event should be such as can reasonably be foreseen;
the further result that injury is likely to follow must also be such as a
reasonable man would contemplate, before he can be convicted of actionable
negligence. Nor is the remote possibility of injury occurring enough; there
must be sufficient probability to lead a reasonable man to anticipate it. The
existence of some risk is an ordinary incident of life, even when all due care
has been, as it must be, taken.

60 I have already explained why the risk which injured the plaintiff was not
just reasonably but obviously foreseeable (at [35] above). But the plaintiff’s
repeated emphasis on the fact that the defendants knew of this risk because it
had eventuated in the past was misplaced 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

See Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 56, and Minutes for 11 March 2013
at p 4

. In assessing breach of duty, the likelihood of a risk is separate from its
foreseeability. All risks which are possible can be foreseen. But not all
risks which are possible must be guarded against. And not all risks which are
guarded against must be eliminated.

61 SMRT’s Deputy Director of Station Operations, Mr Teo Wee Kiat (“Mr Teo”),
gave evidence of the number of track intrusions – as SMRT calls such incidents
– which occurred between 2004 and 2012. Mr Teo was the Head of the Safety
Service Department (“SSD”) in SMRT from July 2010 to July 2011. The statistics
given by Mr Teo were split into two mutually exclusive categories – a track
intrusion where a passenger is on the tracks at the same time as an oncoming
train (“one-under incidents”), and a track intrusion where a passenger enters
the track area without authorisation but with no danger of being struck by a
train (“unauthorised track access incidents”). 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

See Affidavit of Teo Wee Kiat filed 12 November 2012 at para 11

The statistics are as follows:

Year| One-under incidents| Unauthorised track access incidents| Annual
passenger trips  
---|---|---|---  
2004| 4| 5| 402,265,250  
2005| 2| 13| 410,682,062  
2006| 4| 22| 428,727,358  
2007| 6| 23| 457,418,817  
2008| 4| 19| 506,778,055  
2009| 4| 21| 524,959,766  
2010| 6| 5| 587,731,687  
2011| 3| 3| 638,177,883  
2012 (to Sept)| 0| 1| 513,416,189  
  
62 I analyse these statistics from 2004 up only to 2011, as that is the year
in which the plaintiff was injured. Over those 8 years, SMRT was responsible
for almost 4 billion passenger trips: 3,956,740,878 to be precise. Over those
8 years, there were 0.00834 one under incidents per million passenger trips
(33/3,956,740). Over those 8 years, the total rate of all track intrusions
(including both one-under incidents and unauthorised track access incidents)
ranged from a high of 0.0634 per million passenger trips in 2007 to a low of
0.0095 per million passenger trips in 2011. Mr Teo explained that SMRT’s
overall passenger injury rate was far below the safety standard of 0.4 per
million passenger trips 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

See Affidavit of Teo Wee Kiat filed 12 November 2012 at para 12

set by the LTA. This passenger injury rate includes all passenger injuries
sustained in any part of an MRT station operated by SMRT. It therefore
includes injuries sustained not only from track intrusions but from other
causes. It also includes injuries short of fatalities. It is not part of the
plaintiff’s case that the LTA has set this injury rate unreasonably high.

63 Of course, in an abstract sense, even one death or catastrophic injury in
the pursuit of any activity can be said to be one too many. But we live in the
real world. To assess risk objectively rather than emotively, one must assess
the number of one-under incidents in the context of the almost 4 billion
passenger trips handled by SMRT over those 8 years. The probability of injury
arising from a one-under incident, assessed objectively, during those 8 years
was minuscule. That is no doubt cold comfort to the plaintiff and her parents.
But it is objectively true.

Taking precautions to avert harm

64 The analysis thus far shows that I am assessing the defendants’ efforts to
attain the requisite standard of care in the context of an obviously
foreseeable but infinitesimally low risk of catastrophic harm. The plaintiff
does not suggest that the magnitude of the harm made the very small risk of
harm so unacceptable that the defendants ought not to have operated or
authorised the operation of the MRT system at all. Indeed, that would have
been an unreasonable and unarguable proposition. Another factor to be weighed
in assessing risk is the social utility of the activity in which that risk
arises. It is necessary, therefore, to bear in mind that this infinitesimal
risk of catastrophic harm arose in the course of the defendants’ operating and
regulating a public good – namely, public transport – which carries very high
social utility for a broad spectrum of society. An injury rate of 1 per
119.90m passenger trips (the equivalent of 0.00834 injuries per million
passenger trips) in a MRT system which carries high social utility will
obviously bear a different significance from the same injury rate in, for
example, a roller coaster ride, which carries no social utility at all beyond
satisfying thrill-seekers.

65 I therefore consider in this light whether the defendants took reasonable
precautions in operating and regulating the MRT system to avert such harm. A
legitimate factor to consider in analysing the reasonableness of the
defendants’ precautions is the cost of those precautions. As Mason J said in
Wyong Shire Council v Shirt (1980) 146 CLR 40 (at 47-48):

... The perception of the reasonable man’s response calls for a consideration
of the magnitude of the risk and the degree of the probability of its
occurrence, along with the expense, difficulty and inconvenience of taking
alleviating action and any other conflicting responsibilities which the
defendant may have. It is only when these matters are balanced out that the
tribunal of fact can confidently assert what is the standard of response to be
ascribed to the reasonable man placed in the defendant’s position.

66 Potential precautions are infinite. Resources are finite. Looking at the
issue slightly more broadly, it is legitimate at this stage of the inquiry to
consider the costs of the precautions taken to avert the risk or, as is
usually more important, the costs of the precautions not taken to avert the
risk. I use the term costs in the sense that economists use it. In that sense,
costs is a broader concept than just expense or dollars and cents. Costs are
the opportunities that an economic actor forgoes by making a choice.
Determining whether a defendant has taken reasonable care requires striking a
reasonable balance between the posited precautions and the cost of those
precautions.

67 The classic illustration of this balancing exercise is Overseas Tankship
(UK) Ltd v The Miller Steamship Co Pty and Another [1967] AC 617. The House of
Lords there found the defendant shipowners liable for discharging flammable
oil into a harbour, opining that there was a real risk of the oil catching
fire, and that "action to eliminate it presented no difficulty, involved no
disadvantage, and required no expense" (at 643-644). Lord Reid also stated
that a reasonable man may neglect a risk of small magnitude if he had a valid
reason, such as that it would "involve considerable expense to eliminate the
risk. He would weigh the risk against the difficulty of eliminating it" (at
642, emphasis added).

68 Similar reasoning is seen in B (A Child) v Camden LBC [2001] PIQR P9. That
case concerned a young child who was trapped between uninsulated central
heating pipes in the defendant local authority’s premises and suffered burns
as a result. The court found that the local authority owed the plaintiff a
duty of care under both statute and the common law (at [56]). The court then
turned to assessing whether that duty had been breached. The plaintiff argued
that the defendant did breach the duty because it failed to insulate or lag
the pipes. The court considered the cost to the local authority of eliminating
this risk of burns, and “weigh[ed] that evidence in the scales when assessing
the extent of [the] duty of care and whether it ha[d] been breached” (at
[60]). In the result, the court held that the local authority was not
negligent in deciding not to insulate or lag the pipes. One of the factors the
court considered was that the risk of the particular danger occurring was
extremely slight, and that the local authority could also be taken to assume
that the safety of young children was a shared responsibility with parents. As
the court said (at [96]):

This in my judgment, is the key factor in the local authority being able to
conclude that the risk is so slight, even though an injury if sustained may be
serious, that they need not take the step of protecting the pipework in their
properties. In addition, they could properly take into account the fact that
the cost of so protecting the pipework would be very substantial indeed
compared with their annual budget for heating, even if only the pipework
itself as opposed to the radiators was to be protected. This is a factor which
they can properly weigh in the balance.

69 The court acknowledged that the public tolerance of risk had been reduced
over the past 15 years since the occurrence of an identical incident in a case
cited by the plaintiff (Ryan v London Borough of Camden (1982) 8 HLR 72
(“Ryan”)). The court then stated (at [88]-[91]):

What is clear, is that after the case of Ryan the local authority must be
taken to know that this particular danger existed. In spite of the decision in
their favour in that case, should they have decided that, now they knew of the
danger, they should protect all the pipework in their housing stock, or at
least in those properties where the heating was outside the control of the
tenants?

No evidence has been put before me as to what consideration the local
authority gave to this matter. This is unsatisfactory, but not determinative
of the action. I must consider what the reasonable local authority would have
done in such circumstances.

In making a decision the local authority should have taken into account the
magnitude of the risk, the likelihood of injury, the gravity of the
consequences and the cost and practicability of overcoming the risks (see
Walker v. Northumberland County Council above and Charlesworth and Percy on
Negligence chapter 6, The Standard of Care).

On the evidence before me I am satisfied that a local authority could properly
have concluded that the risk, although it had materialised in the case of
Ryan, was slight. Mr Cairns did not suggest that such accidents were common
and the fact that injury is only likely to occur when someone is trapped in
itself makes the risk of such accidents occurring slight.

[emphasis added]

70 There are two similarities between B (A Child) and the present case which I
note at this juncture and a third which I will come to shortly (see [80]
below). First, the defendants clearly knew of the particular risk which caused
the plaintiff’s injury because that very risk had materialised in the past.
Second, that risk was extremely slight and had to be balanced against the
wide-ranging cost – in the broadest sense – of taking precautions to address
it across an entire system for which the defendants were responsible.

Breach of duty

The existing safety features

71 AMK Station had a number of existing safety features 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

See Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 160

which are present in all aboveground MRT stations. These features are in turn
requirements stipulated by a document known as the Architectural Design
Criteria 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

See DBAEIC Vol 2 at pp 113-116

. The LTA produces the Architectural Design Criteria. It is reviewed and
approved by the LTA’s top management each year. It contains input from all
divisions of the LTA.

72 A number of the existing safety features are structural and have been in
place since AMK Station was constructed. Mr Teo explained these features.
There is a bold yellow line along the full edge of the platform which is 110
mm thick and set 635 mm from the edge of the platform. This line indicates
that passengers should stand at least 745 mm back from the platform edge.
There is also a row of tactile warning studs 300 mm wide installed before the
yellow line along the entire length of the platform to warn passengers that
they are approaching the platform edge. In addition, in 1998, SMRT installed
orange nosing onto the platform edge. This serves the dual purpose of being a
visible warning to passengers of the location of the platform edge, and
reducing the gap between the platform edge and the berthed train from 100 mm
to 75 mm 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

See Affidavit of Teo Wee Kiat filed 12 November 2012 at para 20

. There are also train stop buttons at all platforms and at the passenger
service centres to allow passengers to stop the movement of trains in case of
emergency, emergency phones located at all platforms, and a CCTV system which
enables the station staff to monitor and control crowds. The present CCTV
system is an enhancement of the original video surveillance system which
existed when the MRT system was commissioned. In July 2006, the LTA installed
more CCTV cameras to enable SMRT’s station personnel at the Passenger Service
Centre to monitor and control crowds better and to deal more quickly with
observed emergencies 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

See Affidavit of Teo Wee Kiat filed 12 November 2012 at paras 18-19

.

73 Besides these structural measures, AMK Station also utilises audio and
visual warnings 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

See DBAEIC Vol 2 at paras 30-34

. Mr Teo explained that there are trackside signs reminding passengers not to
step beyond the yellow line until the train stops. There are signs which state
“Danger” in four languages, forbidding persons from going down to the tracks
and notifying them of the penalty for doing so. These trackside signs have
been modified and enhanced over the years. Signs are posted to deter suicides.
They state in four languages: “Value Life. Act Responsibly”. A pre-recorded
announcement is automatically broadcast in four languages about one minute
before a train reaches the MRT station, reminding passengers to stand behind
the yellow line.

74 Mr Teo explained that since August 2008, SMRT has deployed extra station
personnel at platforms during peak hours on weekdays to control human traffic.
SMRT also initiated various customer education programs between 2004 and 2006
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

See Affidavit of Teo Wee Kiat at para 22

which are currently ongoing. The programs use posters, leaflets and television
broadcasts played at MRT stations to remind passengers about safety. Between
2009 and 2011, SMRT introduced various television programmes to deliver safety
messages to the viewing public. SMRT also runs safety campaigns every year 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

See transcript for 19 November 2012 at p 12, and Affidavit of Teo Wee Kiat at
paras 21-25

.

75 There was also evidence that the defendants carry out periodic review and
evaluation of their safety measures. Mr Teo’s evidence was that each time an
incident occurs at an MRT station, the station manager prepares a Safety
Information System Report (“SIS Report”). The SSD eventually uses the SIS
Report to identify the causes of the incident and to review the adequacy of
existing safety measures. Mr Teo testified that SMRT conducts monthly
monitoring of safety statistics and analysis of the trends, and that these
records are subject to periodic review by senior management 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

See Affidavit of Teo Wee Kiat dated 12 November 2012 at para 14

. He also explained that SMRT carried out research in 2009 to evaluate the
distance of the yellow line from the platform edge 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

See transcript for 19 November 2011 at pp 17, 22-23

. However, SMRT proposed no new structural measures because the outcome of the
evaluation exercises was always that the existing safety features were
adequate to reduce risk to as low a level as was reasonably practicable.

Installation of half-height platform screen doors

76 None of these safety features address the risk which eventuated and injured
the plaintiff. The only safety feature which would have addressed – and indeed
eliminated – that risk is the installation of platform screen doors (“PSDs”).
PSDs are a physical barrier at the platform edge with embedded sliding doors.
These sliding doors remain closed at all times except when a train is
stationary at the platform. At that time, they open to allow passengers to
board and alight the train.

77 The North-South and East-West MRT lines include a mix of underground and
aboveground stations. All underground MRT stations on these lines have been
equipped with full-height PSDs from the time they came into operation in 1987.
The defendants’ evidence is that the primary reason for installing full-height
PSDs was not to make the underground stations reasonably safe. They were
installed primarily to conserve energy in air-conditioning the platforms in
those stations. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

See Affidavit of Andrew John Mead filed on 5 October 2012 at para 41.

Aboveground stations do not have air-conditioned platforms and were therefore
designed and built without any PSDs. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

See DBAEIC Vol 2 at p 20, para 41 and transcript for 8 November 2011 at p 8

78 In 2008, the LTA took a decision to retrofit half-height PSDs in all 36
aboveground MRT stations in the North-South and East-West MRT lines. The
defendants’ evidence was that the motivating factor was not to make the
aboveground stations reasonably safe – because they were already reasonably
safe without half-height PSDs – but to prevent system-wide delay and service
disruption and to reduce the social cost to all commuters caused by track
intrusions. The retrofit of half-height PSDs began in 2009 and finished in
March 2012. The cost to the LTA of the entire retrofit was $126m. The retrofit
included AMK Station. The installation of half-height PSDs at AMK Station
commenced in July 2011, just 4 months after the plaintiff was injured, and
finished in December 2011. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See Affidavit of Andrew John Mead filed on 5 October 2012 at para 51.

79 PSDs eliminate accidental track intrusions. That is why, once the
retrofitting of half-height PSDs was completed in 2012, one-under incidents
fell to zero (see [61] above). If the half-height PSDs had been in place in
AMK Station on 3 April 2011, they would have – as a certainty – prevented the
plaintiff from falling onto the tracks and from suffering the injuries that
she did.

80 I was told that the LTA undertook a cost-benefit analysis 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See transcript of 8 November 2012 at p 20-22, p 50 lines 6-13, p 54 lines
8-29, and 19 November 2012 at p 95, line 16-17 and Affidavit of Samuel Chan at
para 12, and transcript of 8 November 2012 at p 84 lines 25 to 30

before eventually taking the decision in 2008 to install the half-height PSDs.
I was further told that this cost-benefit analysis was contained in a document
known as the LTA master plan 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

See transcript of 8 November 2012 at p 55, line 1-2

. As in Re B (A Child) (see [68] above), the LTA did not give discovery of or
offer inspection of this document, or of the relevant parts of it. Equally,
plaintiff’s counsel did not ask for discovery of this document when he learned
during trial of its existence. The master plan is therefore not in evidence
before me. Again, as in B (A Child), this is unsatisfactory but is not
determinative of the action: I must consider what a reasonable MRT operator
and regulator ought to have done and not what these defendants actually did.

Evidence of the safety engineers

81 Structural safety features such as PSDs are not ultimately within SMRT’s
control. Under the two contracts between SMRT and the LTA, namely the Licence
and Operating Agreement (“LOA”) and the Lease Maintenance Agreement (“LMA”),
SMRT has no power independently to implement structural modifications to AMK
Station. SMRT’s witnesses also testified that SMRT cannot erect fixed barriers
at platform edge 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

See transcript for 6 November 2011 at pp 63-65

such as PSDs without the LTA’s permission. In relation to passenger safety,
SMRT’s role is to “develop, document and implement a Safety Management System
for operating and maintaining the Working Network and for ensuring passenger
and employee safety, subject to LTA’s prior written approval and having regard
to established industry standards and practices on safety and other guidelines
and directives on safety as may be prescribed by the LTA from time to time...”
(see clause 8(1) of the LOA 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

See DBD Vol 4 at p 831, and Affidavit of Teo Wee Kiat at para 4

, emphasis added). So if the omission of PSDs is a culpable omission, it can
only be the LTA which is culpable, not SMRT.

82 The LTA’s Principal Design Manager, Mr Andrew John Mead (“Mr Mead”), gave
evidence. Before working for the LTA, he worked as the architecture design
manager for two new lines of the Toronto MRT system, as an architect for the
London Docklands Light Railway, and as the chief architect for the Dubai Metro
83

##### Foot Note 83

×

See transcript of 8 November 2012 at p 3

. His role in the LTA includes the planning, design, management and
construction of the LTA’s stations and supporting infrastructure. His evidence
was that the existing safety features were consistent with safety measures
applied globally on 3 April 2011 and even now. He pointed out, in particular,
that Bangkok’s MRT system uses similar passive safety features as were in
place in AMK Station. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

See Affidavit of Andrew John Mead filed on 5 October 2012 at para 27.

He explained that the risk of a passenger descending to track level and being
struck by a train is an “undesirable risk but one that is considered tolerable
under the ALARP principle by management and passengers throughout the transit
industry” 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

See DBAEIC Vol 3 at p 22

. ALARP is an acronym meaning “as low as reasonably practicable”. Safety
engineers worldwide use the ALARP principle in reducing risk. It is analogous
to the legal concept of a standard of care which takes into consideration the
likelihood of harm, the magnitude of the harm and the cost of precautions. The
effect of Mr Mead’s evidence in engineering terms is that it is consistent
with the ALARP principle to have a platform without PSDs. The effect of Mr
Mead’s evidence in legal terms is that a platform which does not have PSDs
installed is not, for that reason alone, a platform which is not reasonably
safe. My task is to determine whether this proposition is correct.

Marginal cost and utility

83 The reasonableness of the defendant’s choice of safety features – and in
particular the reasonableness of the LTA’s decision to omit PSDs in
aboveground stations at the time the plaintiff was injured – must be
considered in light of the marginal cost and utility. It has already been seen
in B (A Child) that when the risk of even serious injury, though foreseeable,
is slight compared to the cost of eliminating or mitigating that risk, it can
be reasonable for a defendant deliberately not to take steps to reduce or
eliminate that risk. In the context of rail operators, my attention was drawn
to the case of State Rail Authority v Mayle [1999] NSWCA 388. There, the
plaintiff was injured when a stone thrown from outside the train broke through
the window of a carriage in which she was a passenger. She sued the defendant
rail authority for negligence in failing to take reasonable steps to protect
passengers from injury caused by projectiles launched at trains. The
plaintiff’s claim failed. It was common for stones to be thrown at trains:
there was evidence that within a three-year period there had been four
previous incidents of stones having gone through train windows, one of which
resulted in passenger injury. But the court found that “on the statistics for
total passenger journeys the risk could fairly be regarded as infinitesimal”
(at [18]). The respondent also failed to show that her suggestion of fitting
protective mesh screens onto the train windows was a relatively simple
solution with little inconvenience or expense. At [21] the court observed that
“the infinitesimal risk made questions of inconvenience and expense critical”.

84 The Australian case of Cekan v Haines (1990) 21 NSWLR 296 (“Cekan”)
analysed particular concerns with regard to the cost-benefit analysis
undertaken by public authorities. The case concerned a prisoner who suffered
quadriplegia after becoming severely intoxicated while in a prison cell
managed by the defendant public authority. The plaintiff argued that he
belonged to a well-identified and highly vulnerable group of depressed and
intoxicated persons, and that the authority owed him a duty of care while he
was under their custody to keep him under constant surveillance, or ensure
that the cells were fit for the purpose of his supervision. The Supreme Court
of New South Wales held that the authority did owe a duty of reasonable care
to persons held in custody, but that duty did not require the authority to
alter the physical arrangements of the prison or to re-arrange the disposition
of police personnel so as to allow continuous or approximately intermittent
surveillance of the prisoners. The prison in that case was a nineteenth
century building and the court noted that although the costs of modifying the
building were not precisely quantified, “commonsense suggests that they would
have been extremely high, at least when looked at on a State-wide basis.
Against such unspecified but substantial costs must be measured the duty of
the State to people known to be vulnerable such as the appellant” (at 307).

85 The judgments in this case make useful observations on countervailing
considerations of cost and marginal utility when considering the extent of the
duty of a public authority, such as the LTA, to allocate public resources to
avert a known danger. Kirby J noted (at 306-307):

So far as the economic costs involved in the appellant’s case are concerned,
it is appropriate to take these into account when determining what reasonable
conduct on the part of State authorities required in the custody of the
appellant. Obviously, the greater the cost of the modification of institutions
and procedures inherited from earlier times, the less likely that the common
law would impose the obligation that the modifications should be introduced,
at least rapidly. This is but the corollary of the principle that the greater
and more obvious the risk of injury, the heavier is the obligation to attend
to it without delay...

There is no simple formula for the economics of providing reasonable care.
Courts take economic costs into account in determining what natural justice
requires of public authorities. Similarly, they must consider the costs of
modifications said to have been necessary to attain to standards of reasonable
care to avoid liability in negligence: cf Johns v Release on Licence Board
(1987) 9 NSWLR 103 at 115.

There will need to be further detailed attention in the future to the economic
theory which supports arguments about what reasonable care requires: cf United
States v Carroll Towing Co, Inc 159 F 2d (1947); R Posner, Economic Analysis
of Law, 2nd ed (1977) at 122f. Although the resources of a State are much
greater than those of any individual or corporation in it, they are
nonetheless limited. Choices must be made in the expenditure of public funds.
Constitutional, legislative and other machinery is provided for the making of
such choices. Plainly, the expenditure on one activity (such as the
modification of cells receiving intoxicated members of the public) diminishes
the possibility of expenditure on others which may have equal urgency and
greater public appeal. Attention to considerations of cost is required by
principles stated in general terms: see, eg, Wyong Shire Council v Shirt
(1980) 146 CLR 40 at 47f.

[emphasis added]

86 On the question of marginal utility, Kirby J noted that there was no
precise evidence of the number of previous incidents comparable to the
plaintiff’s accident and stated (at 307-308):

In the absence of such evidence, it was open to Newman J to come quite
comfortably to the conclusion that what had happened to the appellant was, if
not unique, then extremely rare. But if it was rare, then the imposition on
the State, for whom the respondent is liable, of a duty to provide continuous
surveillance to respond to the risk of such events occurring is not required
by the standard of reasonable care.

Even if precautions which the appellant urged had been adopted, it is by no
means certain they would have prevented the kind of injury which the appellant
suffered. It is here that the marginal utility of introducing a procedure for
constant surveillance must be weighed against the marginal cost of doing so.
In a perfect world... there would be limitless funds to spend upon the
modification of old prison configurations and the provision of an additional
roster of police outside cell number 8 in three shifts, twenty-four hours a
day and seven days a week. But as I have pointed out, to do this necessarily
diminishes the funds available to the State to perform other beneficial
functions for the community which may have a greater perceived utility. In
recognition of this fact, the common law does not impose in these
circumstances, an absolute duty to safeguard the prisoner. It simply requires
the State to do that which is reasonable in the circumstances. Having regard
to the high costs of the modifications and personnel arrangements necessarily
urged by the appellant and the infrequency (if not uniqueness) of the injuries
which he suffered, it would not have been reasonable (at least by the
standards of 1978) for Newman J to have concluded that the modifications urged
by the appellant were required by law.

[emphasis added]

87 These observations apply to the present case. It is obviously not the case
that the LTA had insufficient resources to retrofit half-height PSDs at
aboveground stations, including AMK Station. The decision to commit resources
for that purpose was made in 2008 and $126m was actually expended on that
purpose between 2009 and 2012. But there was evidence that competition for the
allocation of public resources was clearly a consideration for the LTA in
deciding whether and when to retrofit the half-height PSDs 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

See transcript for 8 November 2012 at pp 52-54

.

88 The standard of care imposed by the law is an objective one. Therefore, a
defendant will be adjudged negligent even if that defendant lacks the
financial resources to exercise the care deemed reasonable by the applicable
standard. But equally, a defendant who exercises the care which the applicable
standard deems reasonable will not be adjudged negligent simply because he has
access to additional resources and is therefore able to take additional
precautions. To take an example, certain cars incorporate safety features
designed to minimise injury to pedestrians. Typically, those safety features
make those cars more expensive. A motorist who knocks down a pedestrian will
have attained the standard of care dictated by the law so long as the
configuration of his car keeps a pedestrian reasonably safe in a collision.
That is so even if that motorist has the resources required to purchase a more
expensive car with improved safety features which would have kept the
pedestrian even safer.

Analogous cases

89 I find it relevant to consider a number of analogous cases involving
railway accidents. In Chan Chung Kuen and MTR Corporation Ltd DCPI 764/2009
(“Chan Chung Kuen”), the plaintiff sustained serious injuries when his leg
sank into the gap between the train and the platform while he was attempting
to board the train. He claimed damages from the defendant, arguing that the
platform gap was too wide to be safe, and that there was inadequate warning
and supervision to passengers on the platform. The court found that the
defendant had not breached any duty to the plaintiff. It found that the
curvature of the railway line made the gap inevitable, and that the gap was
within international safety limits and had been passed as safe for public use
by the Railway Inspector 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

At [23]

. An argument that PSDs should have been installed was rejected because the
plaintiff failed to adduce any evidence to substantiate that the installation
of such platform screen doors was reasonably practicable 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

At [27]

. The court went on (at [31]-[37]) to consider the various precautions taken
by the defendant. These precautions are largely similar to the existing safety
features at AMK Station. They include the deployment of crowd control staff at
the platforms at peak hours, flashing lights at all curved platform edges to
draw attention to the platform gaps, warning signs in various parts of the
station, and an audio warning reminding passengers to stand behind the yellow
line. With regards to the complaint of lack of crowd control staff at the
material time, the court considered CCTV footage revealing that the platform
had not been crowded and therefore that the absence of crowd control staff at
that time had nothing to do with the occurrence of the accident (at
[40]-[42]). The court also referred to an English case, Stracstone v London
Transport Board, The Times, 21 January 1966 in the Current Law Year Book (at
para 8317). That case concerned a similar situation where the plaintiff had
fallen through the platform gap. There was no evidence that the platform was
unusually crowded at the time of the accident. It was found that the existing
safety precautions, namely white lines on the platform with the words “mind
the gap”, an extension of the platform at a lower level, signs which lit up
when the train came in, and members of the staff shouting “mind the gap”, were
sufficient to bring the platform gap to the plaintiff’s attention.

90 There are, of course, differences between the present case and Chan Chung
Kuen and Stracstone v London Transport Board. It is not the plaintiff’s case
that the warnings at AMK Station were inadequate to bring the potential danger
of falling into the tracks to the plaintiff’s attention. In any event, I have
found that the plaintiff was injured because she suffered a sudden and
unpredictable loss of consciousness, and not because she was inadequately
warned about the risk of falling onto the tracks. However, these cases show
that commonly-adopted safety measures which are entirely passive, such as
trackside visual markers and audio and visual warnings, are meaningful and
effective measures for a railway operator to take in discharge of its duty to
ensure that a station is reasonably safe. One cannot argue that these measures
are useless and that a MRT train station is not reasonably safe simply because
it lacks a physical barrier to prevent an infinitesimally small risk.

91 I find that on an objective evaluation, the safety features at AMK Station
on 3 April 2011 were sufficient to keep passengers reasonably safe and to keep
the risk of passengers falling into the train tracks at a level that was as
low as was reasonably practicable. The incidence of one-unders remained at a
constant of between two and six per year, despite the steady increase of
annual passenger trips from 402,265,250 in 2004, to 587,731,687 in 2012. The
plaintiff’s argument was that even one one-under incident meant that the
measures taken by the defendants fell short of what was required to make AMK
Station reasonably safe. I cannot accept this argument. The standard of care
does not require the defendants to eliminate all risks by taking all
precautions. The standard of care requires the defendants only to reduce risk
to a reasonable level by taking reasonable precautions. Objectively speaking,
the existing safety features were sufficient to render an accidental one-under
a minuscule risk. I find that the numbers of injuries per year either in their
absolute number or as a proportion of the total passenger trips was not at
such a level as to invite any inference of inherent defects in design or
operation of the MRT stations. The defendants acted reasonably in making no
substantial changes to the design and operation of the stations as at the date
of the plaintiff’s injury. In particular, I find that AMK Station was
reasonably safe for the plaintiff’s use on 3 April 2011 even without half-
height PSDs installed.

92 More can always be done when it comes to safety. That is particularly so
when safety is analysed with the perfect vision of hindsight. However the law
does not require the defendant to take every step and to expend every
conceivable resource to eliminate every risk in the name of safety. Indeed it
might be a gross misallocation of resources to channel all one has to
completely eliminate a risk with a very low likelihood of eventuating at the
expense of addressing other risks.

Common practice

93 My view is fortified by evidence that platform edge safety of the Singapore
MRT system, even with only the existing safety features and without PSDs, was
comparable with and even exceeded international standards and common practice.
Conformity with common practice cannot, of course, be a complete answer to an
allegation of breach of duty. However, conformity with common practice is
prima facie evidence that the standard of care has been met. Charlesworth and
Percy on Negligence states at para 7-38 that:

A court’s assessment of the standard of care appropriate in given
circumstances will inevitably reflect the evidence received in the case. Where
the evidence suggests that for a significant period of time a practice has
been followed without untoward result, it will be regarded as a strong
indication that to follow that practice is consistent with the exercise of
reasonable care. It will not be conclusive, but, generally, “a defendant
charged with negligence can clear [himself] if he shows that he has acted in
accord with general and approved practice” (Vancouver General Hospital v
McDaniel (1934) 152 LT 56 at 57).

94 In B (A Child), the court was alive to the fact that the public perception
of the need for safety in premises had increased over the 15 years since the
occurrence of an identical accident and given the seriousness of the resulting
injury (at [85], see [69] above). Against that however, the court weighed the
consideration that the insulation or lagging of central heating was not
industry practice (at [97]):

In addition it is proper to take into account the fact that no British
Standard or Code of Practice requires that pipes be protected, nor does any
British Standard or Code of Practice make that recommendation where the
pipework forms part of the useful heating surface in the room. The evidence
before me establishes that consideration, since the case of Ryan was decided,
to safety aspects as well as to the efficiency of heating systems, has been
given and yet no change been made. Again, this is not a decisive factor as
there may well be negligence even where no British Standard or Code of
Practice has been breached, but it remains a factor to be taken into account
in the circumstances.

Having considered the matter as a whole I conclude that the defendants have
acted reasonably in not lagging or protecting the pipework. I find that they
are not in breach of their duty of care to the claimant in the circumstances
of this case.

95 In the present case, the evidence is that the Singapore MRT system has
consistently been rated amongst the safest in the world 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

See Affidavit of Teo Wee Kiat dated 12 November 2012 at p 4

. Mr O’Grady stated in his report that the warning systems at AMK Station met
or exceeded international norms for safety in most transport systems
worldwide, and that it is only the newest mass transit stations being
constructed worldwide which are now incorporating variations on the same
safety features that MRT stations in Singapore have had for many years 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

See DBAEIC Vol 3 at p 19, para 38

. The design of AMK Station, and in particular the treatment of the platform
edge flooring, conforms to various international standards such as the
American National Standards Institute (“ANSI”) and the “Train and Station
Services for Disabled Passengers: A Code of Practice” (“UK Code of Practice”)
from the Office of Railway Regulations adopted in Europe 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

See Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 137

. In this regard, it is clear to me that AMK Station as at April 2011 was not
only reasonably safe in itself, it was also reasonably safe when measured
against the standards of safety practised in the vast majority of global MRT
systems.

96 The plaintiff however argued that the defendants were negligent in not
implementing certain safety measures which have been adopted in some other
jurisdictions, or which would conceivably have averted the plaintiff’s
injuries even if there has been low uptake in other jurisdictions. These
measures are listed as follows:

(a) Installation of half-height PSDs;

(b) erection of interim barriers pending completion of the installation of the
half-height PSDs;

(c) a larger distance between the yellow line and the platform edge;

(d) slower speed of trains arriving at AMK Station; and

(e) more service staff to conduct crowd control at the platform.

97 I now proceed to evaluate each of these measures.

The installation of half-height PSDs

98 The evidence is that as at September 2011, only 44 out of the world’s 184
rail transit systems had PSDs installed in some portion of their network 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

See DBAEIC Vol 3 at p 15, para 28, and DBAEIC Vol 4 at p 424-428

. (September 2011 was the closest date to April 2011 for which information was
available. If anything, the number of systems with PSDs would conceivably have
been lower in April 2011 than in September 2011.) PSDs include both full-
height PSDs and half-height PSDs. Many of the stations with PSDs are
underground stations. Singapore was in effect the first MRT system to install
PSDs in its inaugural stations in 1987. These were the full-height PSDs
installed in underground stations to which I have already referred.

99 Further, the evidence showed that the vast majority of the 44 systems which
have incorporated PSDs installed them in newly constructed lines and extension
stations, rather than installing them as a retrofit to existing stations. This
is the case in Tokyo, London, São Paolo and New York. For instance, London
built PSDs into the extension stations of the Jubilee Line which were
constructed in 1999. New York is also installing PSDs on its new line on 2nd
Avenue, but has no plans to retrofit existing stations. Mr O’Grady explained
that there is a difference in technology between constructing PSDs in new
stations and retrofitting them onto existing stations. Retrofitting PSDs was
believed to be impossible until the mid-1990s, due to structural limitations
in existing stations such as the weight-bearing capacity of existing platforms
93

##### Foot Note 93

×

See transcript for 2 November 2012 at p 25

. The evidence is that there are only about eight rail systems 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

See transcript for 1 November 2012 at p 99, and 2 November 2012 at p 25

worldwide which have installed PSDs as a retrofit. This includes Hong Kong,
Guangzhou, Paris, Seoul, and Singapore 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

See DBAEIC Vol 3 at p 15, para 18

. Hong Kong was the first transit agency to undertake a retrofit of PSDs in
1995. It did this for both air-conditioning and safety reasons. Guangzhou
undertook a retrofit in 2005. In response to my question, Mr O’Grady told me
that the “tipping point” – where PSDs come to be seen as an essential safety
feature rather than an enhanced safety feature – has not been reached 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

See transcript for 2 November 2012 at pp 27-28

. This view is clearly influenced by the fact that the vast majority of
systems in the world, including those of major cities, still do not have PSDs.
It is highly unlikely that all of those systems are failing to attain either
the ALARP standard required by safety engineers or the standard of being
reasonably safe required by the law.

100 Having said that, I accept that whether the standard of care requires the
adoption of a given safety feature cannot simply be a matter of counting the
number of persons subject to the same duty of care who have adopted that
feature. There must always be an objective evaluation of the likelihood and
magnitude of the harm sought to be averted against the cost of the feature.
However, the fact that even today, such measures are not adopted in the
majority of comparable rail systems worldwide is very strong evidence that the
balance struck by the defendants as at 3 April 2011 is a reasonable one.

101 I am guided by the case of Thompson v Smiths Shiprepairers (North Shields)
Ltd [1984] QB 405 (“Thomson”). There, the defendant employers were found
negligent for not providing ear-protection equipment to its employees from the
time social awareness of the dangers of deafness had arisen and protective
equipment become available. Lord Mustill’s guidance is useful (at 415-416):

Between the two extremes is a type of risk which is regarded at any given time
(although not necessarily later) as an inescapable feature of the industry.
The employer is not liable for the consequences of such risks, although
subsequent changes in social awareness, or improvements in knowledge and
technology, may transfer the risk into the category of those against which the
employer can and should take care. It is unnecessary, and perhaps impossible,
to give a comprehensive formula for identifying the line between the
acceptable and the unacceptable. Nevertheless, the line does exist, and was
clearly recognised in Morris v. West Hartlepool Steam Navigation Co. Ltd.
[1956] A.C. 552. The speeches in that case show, not that one employer is
exonerated simply by proving that other employers are just as negligent, but
that the standard of what is negligent is influenced, although not decisively,
by the practice in the industry as a whole. In my judgment, this principle
applies not only where the breach of duty is said to consist of a failure to
take precautions known to be available as a means of combating a known danger,
but also where the omission involves an absence of initiative in seeking out
knowledge of facts which are not in themselves obvious. The employer must keep
up to date, but the court must be slow to blame him for not ploughing a lone
furrow.

[emphasis added]

102 The court identified the key question in the following terms (at 423):

From what date would a reasonable employer, with proper but not extraordinary
solicitude for the welfare of his workers, have identified the problem of
excessive noise in his yard, recognised that it was capable of solution, found
a possible solution, weighed up the potential advantages and disadvantages of
that solution, decided to adopt it, acquired a supply of the protectors, set
in train the programme of education necessary to persuade the men and their
representatives that the system was useful and not potentially deleterious,
experimented with the system, and finally put it into full effect?

103 In order to determine this key date, the court reviewed in detail the
history of advancements in ear-protection (at 418-419), the defendant’s
contentions as to why protection was not implemented earlier (including lack
of interest in parliament and amongst workers and employers (at 419-422)), as
well as the evidence of when the defendants might have become aware of
solutions to reduce the harm. The court concluded that the year 1963 marked
the dividing line between the reasonable and unreasonable, that being the date
when the defendant received a government publication on “Noise and the
Worker”. After that date, the court opined that there was “no excuse for
ignorance”.

104 I find this a workable and logical approach to assessing when the so-
called tipping point for the uptake of certain new safety measures is reached,
such that it becomes negligent for a defendant to continue to expose those to
whom it owes a duty of care to the risks which arise from not adopting the
measure. In the present case, there is no doubt that physical barriers such as
PSDs are the only completely effective way of reducing the incidence of track
intrusions and the only way of eliminating accidental track intrusions. There
is also no doubt that installation of half-height PSDs as a retrofit poses
huge technical and financial challenges.

105 We have not reached that tipping point, whether one considers the relevant
date to be April 2011 or now. Mr O’Grady accepted that having half-height PSDs
as a standard safety feature is the direction that the world’s transit systems
are heading towards 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

See transcript for 1 November 2012 at pp 99

. But his evidence, which I accept, is that they were not yet standard in 2011
or even when he gave evidence. It therefore does not follow that the failure
to install half-height PSDs at all train stations, regardless of timing,
common practice and cost, equates to a breach of the standard of reasonable
care.

106 I therefore find that at the time AMK Station was built, it was reasonably
safe notwithstanding the absence of PSDs. No other rail system in the world
had installed them then, undoubtedly due to technological limitations of the
day, and cost. To that extent, the Singapore MRT system’s underground stations
were then safer than reasonably necessary because they were built with full-
height PSDs. That does not, however, mean that the aboveground stations were
then less than reasonably safe. The level of track intrusions was then low.
Even in 2008, the risk of one-under incidents remained infinitesimal. But
technology had advanced greatly and it was now possible to retrofit half-
height PSDs onto existing stations. That was done in phases and completed in
2012. Seven or eight rail systems in the world also did so. However, the vast
majority of rail systems in the world continue to function without them, and
choose instead to rely on other safety precautions to mitigate the incidence
of track intrusion. There were, and still are, no international standards or
guidelines recommending the installation of PSDs 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

See DBAEIC Vol 3 at para 12

. This combination of factors leads me to conclude that the state of social
awareness, tolerance for risk, technological advancement and common practice
has not changed so much since AMK Station was built as to move the decision
not to install half-height PSDs from the category of reasonable conduct to
unreasonable conduct on the part of a MRT operator or a regulator. Therefore,
the defendants did not breach their duty of care by virtue of the fact that
there were no half-height PSDs installed at AMK Station in April 2011.

107 An argument that surfaced in the course of the hearing was that the fact
that the defendants took the decision in 2008 to install half-height PSDs
showed that the defendants knew that AMK Station was not reasonably safe with
only the existing safety features in place. As I have found that AMK Station
was reasonably safe from the time it was built all the way up to April 2011
based on the extremely low incidence of accidental one-under incidents and the
effectiveness of the existing safety features, I do not think that the
defendants’ subjective view of the safety of AMK Station is determinative of
the outcome of the case. In any case, that was not the defendants’ subjective
view. The defendants’ evidence – which I accept – is that half-height PSDs
were installed in aboveground MRT stations not to make those stations
reasonably safe or even more than reasonably safe. Evidence was given by Mr
Samuel Chan Wai, the Deputy Director of the Systems Assurance and Integration
Division of the LTA. He testified that the existing safety features – without
PSDs – were considered reasonable because they were effective in keeping
SMRT’s safety record far below the LTA’s standard of 0.4 passenger injuries
per million passenger trips 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See transcript for 19 November 2012 at pp 88, 97

, and were in keeping with prevailing international practices 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

See Affidavit of Samuel Chan at para 18

. The decision to install half-height PSDs was taken in 2008 primarily to
improve operational efficiency by reducing train downtime caused by track
intrusions of all kinds, and to improve the attractiveness of public transport
as an alternative to private transport 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

See Affidavit of Samuel Chan at para 13

. Similarly, the evidence of Mr Mead was that the decision to install the
half-height PSDs was the result of the benefits of installing half-height PSDs
eventually outweighing the costs, both financial and otherwise, such as to
make half-height PSDs an efficient allocation of available resources. The
capital cost of retrofitting the entire MRT system with half-height PSDs was
estimated at $256m 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

See transcript for 8 November 2012 at p 53

. The maturing of technology had led to reduced implementation costs of the
project and that was an important consideration 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

See DBAEIC Vol 2 at pp 12-13, para 48

. This financial cost was then balanced against the various costs of not
installing the half-height PSDs. Mr Mead explained that what was considered
primarily was the social cost to the public of service disruptions 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

See transcript for 8 November 2012 at p 52

and not the very small risk of one-unders. Ultimately, the decision to install
the half-height PSDs was the result of a “confluence of factors” 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

See transcript for 8 November 2012 at p 54

. This came through during Mr Mead’s cross examination 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Ibid

:

Q: Do you have any personal knowledge why LTA decided in 207[sic] to decide to
put---install these half-height doors? Do you have any personal knowledge, the
reasons?

A: Erm, I’ve read the, er, internal management reports. Erm, as---as---er, as
far as I’m aware, there---there was a confluence of the technology maturing
and coming down in cost to say, erm, this technology didn’t exist in 1987 when
the first designers built the railway. So, yah, there’s no question that it
could have been put in at that point. And early installations of this---of
these half-height screen doors, erm, very expensive and what was also
happening is ridership is going up, erm, and we’re having more intensive use.
So the cost of these delays, as I mentioned, you know, whereas before it might
have been 50,000 people affected, now it’s 100,000 people affected simply
because the railway is becoming more and more intensely used. So---so there’s
a---this confluence of factors that bring us to a tipping point whereby the---
the doors become effective, erm, the---the---the cost---the capital cost, the
operational cost versus the---er, the safety benefits and the cost of the
disruptions make it worthwhile to do.

108 Therefore, the defendants insist that the eventual decision to install
half-height PSDs was not a concession that the system was not reasonably safe
without the half-height PSDs. I accept that. I have already found that AMK
Station was reasonably safe with only the safety features existing on April
2011. I find further the additional layer of safety brought about by the
subsequent installation of the half-height PSDs was an undoubted but
incidental benefit of a decision made primarily for other reasons. The
installation of half-height PSDs took AMK Station from a station which was
reasonably safe to one which was more than reasonably safe.

The failure to erect interim barriers

109 A further argument advanced by the plaintiff was that once the decision
had been taken to install half-height PSDs, it was negligent of the defendants
not to install interim barriers pending the retrofit of half-height PSDs, so
as to provide immediate mitigation of the risk which the half-height PSDs
would avert. In his report, Dr Krishnamurthy suggested that the defendants
should have installed metal stand-alone temporary barriers the base
projections of which could be bolted to the platform 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

See PBAEIC at p 26, para 6.2-6.5

. He suggested that gaps between the barriers could be left such that they
corresponded with the carriage doors, and that these gaps could be barricaded
by a hooked chain which could be unhooked by station staff for passengers to
pass through when the train arrived. Dr Krishnamurthy suggested that such
measures, though unable to totally eliminate risk, would reduce the risk. They
would at least have prevented the plaintiff’s particular accident from
occurring.

110 The evidence was that the defendants did not consider the implementation
of interim measures 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

See transcript for 8 November 2012 at pp 22-23, and 7 November 2012 at p 49
lines 1-26

. The reason given was that AMK Station was already reasonably safe without
permanent barriers like half-height PSDs 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

See transcript for 19 November 2012 at p 88

. That meant that it was reasonably safe also without interim barriers. I
accept this argument. The decision to install the half-height PSDs was taken
in 2008. The likelihood of an accidental one-under incident was infinitesimal
immediately before and immediately after the decision was taken. The magnitude
of the harm was also identically catastrophic immediately before and
immediately after the decision. The cost of the precautions was also the same
immediately before and immediately after the decision. In other words, the
risk profile of AMK Station did not change overnight simply because a decision
was taken to install half-height PSDs. A station which was reasonably safe
before the decision to retrofit the half-height PSDs did not cease suddenly to
be reasonably safe 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

See transcript for 8 November 2012 at pp 17-19

because of that decision. Given that, there could not have been any need, by
virtue of that decision alone, to install interim barriers. I also note that
it is not the plaintiff’s case that the LTA was negligent in the speed at
which the retrofitting works took place between 2009 and 2012. All of this
suffices to dispose of this alternative argument advanced by the plaintiff.

111 However, even if I were to accept that some unspecified element of AMK
Station’s risk profile changed in 2008 which made it necessary to at least
consider installing interim platform edge barriers, I find that it was not
reasonably practicable to install those barriers. I bear in mind the following
considerations.

112 First, installing interim barriers requires expending non-trivial
financial resources. Mr O’Grady’s evidence was that those resources would be
most effectively used in speeding up the installation of the half-height PSDs
themselves. I accept that. But as I have said, it was no part of the
plaintiff’s case that the defendants had been unreasonably slow in conducting
the retrofit. Further, interim barriers have a finite lifespan in that their
value is entirely lost once the half-height PSDs are completed. Mr O’Grady
termed this a “wasting asset” 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

See transcript for 2 November 2012 at pp 14-15

. This goes to the question of whether such barriers would be an efficient
application of the defendants’ resources at the expense of other more lasting
goals. It is also the case that the marginal utility of these barriers is
limited as they cannot truly eliminate accidental track intrusions in the way
that permanent half-height PSDs can, as Dr Krishnamurthy himself conceded.

113 Second, there was no evidence of any practicable way of installing interim
barriers. Dr Krishnamurthy proposed installing them by drilling temporary
guard-rails onto the station platforms. When cross-examined on this, Mr Mead
explained that drilling was not feasible because it would damage a protective
electrical membrane under the platform 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

See transcript for 8 November 2012 at p 25, lines 22-30

. Further, the presence of the guard-rails themselves would hinder the
installation of the permanent half-height PSDs 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

See transcript for 8 November 2012 at p 24, lines 10-18

.

114 Finally, interim barriers have the potential to create new and potentially
worse risks 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

See transcript for 8 November 2012 at p 9

. Mr O’Grady’s evidence was that station platforms are particularly critical
and high risk areas. Any changes to the configuration of a platform could
introduce uncertainty and greater danger, particularly when one considers the
vast diversity of persons who transit through the station and who might react
differently to new elements 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

See transcript for 1 November 2012 at p 90-91

. He noted that the types of temporary guard-rails proposed by Dr
Krishnamurthy presented a host of potential dangers, such as the risk of
someone dislodging the guardrails and causing them to fall into the tracks, of
children using the rails as a “jungle gym” to swing or climb on, of someone
tripping over the base of the guardrails, or of the electrical integrity of
the station being compromised by fastening a metal structure to the platform
116

##### Foot Note 116

×

See transcript for 1 November 2012 at pp 90-93

. This particular point was also noted during a Parliamentary Debate in
September 2009, where the issue of accidents at MRT stations was considered.
The then Minister for Transport, Mrs Lim Hwee Hua, addressed a suggestion that
half-height railings be erected at station platforms. She stated that the
LTA’s preliminary risk assessment showed that barriers would not bring down
the risk of accidents at platforms substantially. She then noted that 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

See DBAEIC Vol 2 at p 228

:

There are also many other safety considerations that would have to be
addressed with the use of these half-height railings. For example, the
barriers will need to be designed such that commuters will not sit on them and
risk falling onto the tracks. Secondly, they will also have to be some
distance away from the edge of the platforms to minimise the potential hazard
of straying arms, inadvertently infringing onto the paths of oncoming trains.
Thirdly, the space between the edge and the barriers can also become another
potential hazard, if unwary passengers become trapped within the small space
when the trains start to move, and this can happen to alighting passengers at
crowded platforms or to passengers rushing to board a packed train.

115 With the foregoing considerations in mind, I am unable to say that the
plaintiff offered evidence of any interim measure which was at all practicable
and realistic. In fact, the plaintiff’s proposal for the installation of
interim barriers appears to introduce elements of new risk in a system which
had operated predictably and effectively in reducing the danger to the vast
majority of users to infinitesimal levels. The defendants cannot be faulted
for not introducing a change simply as a short term solution when that change
which might expose commuters to greater danger and thereby increase rather
than mitigate risk.

116 For these reasons, I find it was not negligent for the defendants not to
have erected interim barriers pending the full installation of permanent half-
height PSDs.

The distance between the yellow line and the platform edge

117 Yet another argument of the plaintiff’s was that the defendants had drawn
the yellow line too close to the platform edge, in a manner which was unsafe
in the circumstances. The contention was that the defendants had negligently
led the plaintiff to believe that she would be reasonably safe if she stood
behind the yellow line, when she did so and was not safe, as events proved 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

See Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at p 8, paras 4(m)-4(n)

.

118 Both plaintiff’s and defendants’ experts adduced photographic evidence of
platforms in other MRT systems. Both used methods of estimation to deduce the
yellow line distances in these metro systems. Dr Krishnamurthy’s method was to
take 60 photographs of random metro stations from the internet and count the
pixels between the platform edge and the yellow line 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“PBAEIC”) at Tab 2
pp 5, 9-18

. He then divided the number of pixels by the number of pixels making up the
height of a person standing in the same photograph. This ratio was then
multiplied by what Dr Krishnamurthy said was the “average” height of persons
in that continent. The resulting number was Dr Krishnamurthy’s calculation of
the yellow line distance of those stations 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

See PBAEIC at p 25, paras 5.8-5.9

. I have a number of difficulties with Dr Krishnamurthy’s method of
calculation. First, his assumption as to the average heights of Asians and
Westerners, upon which his calculation of the yellow line distance was based,
was unsubstantiated. He also had no basis to assume that the reference
individual which he chose in each of the photographs was in fact of average
height. Second, Dr Krishnamurthy accepted that some of the photographs showed
inner-city stations and not metro stations. Inner-city stations are not
suitable comparators for Singapore’s rail network, which is classified as an
urban metro network 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

See transcript for 30 October 2012 at p 10

. Third, there were errors in Dr Krishnamurthy’s use of the photographs—one of
the photographs was wrongly labelled, certain photographs which he claimed
depicted different stations were actually identical, and the yellow line
distance at New York’s Grand Central Station was measured to be nearly 800 mm,
which is very different from the 610mm consistently applied in the United
States 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

See transcript for 30 October 2012 at pp 21, 32-33

.

119 For his part, Mr O’Grady tendered photographs 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

See Supplementary AEIC of John Peter O’Grady at pp 8-38

obtained from the International Railway Gazette for 2011-2012. These
photographs had the advantage of originating from a recognised industry source
and being clearer and larger than Dr Krishnamurthy’s. Mr O’Grady’s evidence
was that the yellow line distances at platforms in Delhi, Changsha, Xi’an,
Wuhan, Xiamen, Madrid, Austria, Dublin, Sao Paulo and London are all between
450 mm and 600 mm, consistent with the distance in Singapore. But he based
this evidence purely on visual estimation from these photos. I am therefore
unable to attach significant weight to his evidence.

120 Mr Mead tendered photographs 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

See DBAEIC Vol 2 at pp 103-109

of the Toronto metro station, a London Docklands Light Railway station and
tube station and a Bangkok BTS station. He gave evidence that the coloured
tactile tiles used to line the platform edge of the Toronto and London
stations are 600 mm deep 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

See DBAEIC Vol 2 at pp 6-7, paras 23-27, transcript for 8 November 2012 at p
17 line 27 – p 18 line 4

. It is unclear whether he gave this evidence from his personal knowledge, but
it is the case that he worked on the Toronto metro system and Docklands Light
Railway before joining the LTA.

121  I find it difficult to give any weight to both experts’ estimations of
the yellow line distances derived from the photographs they tendered. I cannot
say with any certainty exactly which photos depicted stations with larger
yellow line distances than that of AMK Station, and whether those stations
represent the worldwide consensus. These photographs do show that Dr
Krishnamurthy’s recommended yellow line distance of 1.8m 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

See PBAEIC at p 27, para 7.8

is wholly impractical. Beyond that, all that I can glean from the photographs
is that there is no uniform practice for yellow line distances across all or a
majority of jurisdictions. The situation appears to me different from the
situation with the half-height PSDs, where there was clear and consistent
evidence that the overwhelming majority of stations worldwide did not include
them as a safety feature as at April 2011.

122 Mr O’Grady tendered in evidence responses by email from the Los Angeles
County Mass Transit Authority, the New York City Transit and the Chicago
Transit Authority stating that the yellow line distances in their respective
metro systems are 635 mm, 610 mm and 610 mm respectively 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

See Supplementary AEIC of John Peter O’Grady at pp 28-40

. This is unfortunately hearsay evidence to which I cannot have regard.

123 I am therefore left with certain published standards of best practice
which are in evidence. I was referred to the United Kingdom Office of Rail
Regulation’s “Railway Safety Principles & Guidance 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

See DBAEIC Vol 2 at p 27, and referred to in Mr O’Grady’s Report at DBAEIC Vol
3 p 12

” (“ORR”). The ORR states that platform edges should be clearly defined with a
strip of a lighter colour, and an additional line at least 1000 mm from the
platform edge should be provided where trains pass through the station at
speeds greater than 165 km/h 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

See DBAEIC Vol 3 at p 12, para 14

. Trains in Singapore MRT stations pass through the stations at speeds of 55
km/h, exactly one-third of 165 km/h. I would therefore expect a yellow line
distance for AMK Station of significantly less than 1000mm, though perhaps not
proportionately less, to be consistent with this guidance. A tactile surface
is recommended to indicate the edge to the visually impaired. The contrasting
yellow safety line and the tactile strip at AMK Station conform to this
guideline.

124 I was also referred to the UK Code of Practice 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

See DBAEIC Vol 4 at p 295

. The 2011 version incorporates both British and European standards. The
relevant European Standards are as follows:

9\. The danger area of a platform commences at the rail side edge of the
platform and is defined as the area where passengers may be subject to
dangerous forces due to the slipstream effect of moving trains dependent upon
their speed...

11\. The boundary of the danger area, furthest from the rail side edge of the
platform, shall be marked with visual and tactile warnings.

12\. The visual warning shall be a colour-contrasting, slip-resistant warning
line with a minimum width of 100 mm.

13\. The colour material at the railside edge of the platform must contrast
with the darkness of the gap, and the material must be slip-resistant.

125 The non-binding guidance section of the UK Code of Practice states:

h. The tactile surface should be 400 mm deep, extend the full length of the
operational platform, and be laid parallel to, and immediately behind, the
platform edge coper, where this is 760 mm from the platform edge.

k. It is recommended that the warning surface should not be less than 500 mm
from the platform edge, because it may not allow enough time for people to
stop after detecting the surface.

m. Where the permissible or enhanced permissible speed on the adjacent line is
greater than 100 mph, a yellow line should be provided on the platform,
together with warning signs. The yellow line should be positioned so that
people standing immediately behind the line are at least 1500 mm away from the
platform edge.

126 Finally, the ANSI provides that platforms edges should be lined with a
tactile strip 24 inches or 610 mm wide. The tactile strip is meant to indicate
to both the blind and the sighted that the area less than 610 mm from the
platform edge is not a safe place to stand 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

See DBAEIC Vol 3 at p 175

.

127 Pertinently, the guidelines given in the ORR and UK Code of Practice also
show that besides yellow line distance, another important aspect of platform
edge safety is platform circulation. Both guides in fact address this
consideration in far more detail than they do the yellow line distance,
indicating that platform circulation is at least as important as the yellow
line distance in maintaining platform edge safety. The UK Code of Practice
specifies the minimum platform width for island platforms such as AMK Station,
to be 3300 mm, and the minimum distance from the edge of the platform to the
nearest obstacle to be 1600 mm 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

See DBAEIC Vol 4 at pp 332-333

. There are separate and detailed guidelines for the minimum distances between
particular types of obstacles such as walls, seating places, travelators and
stairs, depending on the sizes of each. Likewise, the ORR specifies that
island platforms should not be less than 4000 mm wide where trains pass at a
speed not greater than 165 km/h, and that all obstructions should be at least
2000 mm clear of the platform edge 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

See DBAEIC Vol 2 at p 26

. The LTA’s Architectural Design Criteria conforms to these guidelines 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

See DBAEIC Vol 2 at pp 113-114

. It states that for island platforms without PSDs, the minimum clearance
between the platform edge nosing and the finished surface of any wall or
obstruction on an island platform should be 3000 mm.

128 It is obvious that the longer the yellow line distance, the more effective
the yellow line will be in keeping passengers safe. This is simply because the
yellow line will keep passengers further from the platform edge. But the
further the yellow line is from the platform edge, the less of the platform
area remains available for platform circulation. The position of the yellow
line must therefore be balanced against enabling reasonable platform
circulation. Increasing the yellow line distance would not, of course, prevent
intentional track intrusions, which contributed to about 87% of all track
intrusions in Singapore from 1998-2008 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

See DBAEIC Vol 2 at p 142

.

129 In the result, I find that the yellow line distance at AMK Station was
sufficient to keep passengers reasonably safe. The evidence available on
common practice and international guidelines showed clearly that the yellow
line distance at the AMK Station conformed to the international standards
adhered to by most metro operators worldwide. In fact Dr Krishnamurthy
conceded during cross-examination that the yellow line distance conformed to
and exceeded United Kingdom and United States standards 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

See transcript for 30 October 2012 at p 36 and transcript for 31 October 2012
at pp 26 and 27

.The yellow line distance forms part of the design of AMK Station which I have
found to be adequate in keeping the level of passenger injuries from one-under
incidents at a level that was as low as is reasonably practicable.

The speed of oncoming trains

130 I deal now with a further contention which the plaintiff argued but
briefly. This is the allegation that the speed of the train was unreasonably
fast when it arrived at AMK Station. MRT trains generally arrive at stations
at a speed between 55-60 km/h. The train which struck the plaintiff arrived at
AMK Station at a speed of 55km/h 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

See transcript for 5 November 2012 at p 71, lines 27-30, and 6 November 2012
at p 86 lines 3-6

. The plaintiff argued that this is not a safe speed as it does not give the
driver sufficient time to brake when he notices a track intrusion.

131 I cannot accept this argument. Trains can travel at any speed between just
above 0 km/h up to their maximum speed. The slower they go, the lower the risk
of injury to passengers who fall unintentionally onto the tracks. That does
not mean that a railway operator should run its trains at the lowest possible
speed. I adopt the views of Asquith J in the case of Daborn v Bath Tramways
Motor Co Ltd [1946] 2 All ER 333 at 336, when he said that:

In determining whether a party is negligent, the standard of reasonable care
is that which is reasonably to be demanded in the circumstances. A relevant
circumstance to take into account may be the importance of the end to be
served by behaving in this way or in that. As has often been pointed out, if
all the trains in this country were restricted to a speed of 5 miles an hour,
there would be fewer accidents, but our national life would be intolerably
slowed down. The purpose to be served, if sufficiently important, justifies
the assumption of abnormal risk.

132 This opinion was adopted in the Malaysian case of Hamzah D 494 & Ors v Wan
Hanafi bin Wan Ali [1975] 1 MLJ 203 (“Hamzah D”), where Wan Suleiman FJ, after
citing Asquith J, opined that “a balance... has to be struck between the very
purpose of providing this means of transport, and the negligible risk of
injury which failure to take the more elaborate and costly precautions might
entail”.

133 Once again, I note that it is easy to say that more can be done to improve
safety. This is undoubtedly true. But a balance must be struck between
carrying out an activity – especially one with high social utility – with
reasonable efficiency and the risks which are an unavoidable part of that
activity. In my view, the speed of 55 km/h at which this particular MRT train
entered the station was a reasonable speed considering the improbability of
track intrusions balanced against having a mass rapid system capable of
transporting the public efficiently.

Crowd control at AMK Station

134 A similar answer applies to the plaintiff’s contention that the defendants
failed to provide adequate manpower to ensure proper crowd control at AMK
Station at the time of the accident. Once again, the cost of precautions must
be balanced against their utility and the likelihood of harm. This very issue
was discussed in Hamzah D. A claim in negligence was brought against the
Malaysian Railway Administration for failing to take reasonable steps to
prevent passengers on a moving train from standing near the steps of the
train, when they were aware that it was common practice for passengers to
alight from the train while it was still in motion, and that passengers
regularly ignored the written warnings not to do so. The claimant was injured
when he attempted to alight from the train before it came to a stop. The court
found that the Malaysian Railway Administration was not negligent in not
taking further measures such as placing a railway official at each door
throughout the train to ensure passengers remained inside the train until it
came to a complete stop. This conclusion was reached by balancing the cost of
such a measure against the negligible risk of injury. The court noted:

In the present case the railways provide a cheap and quick means of transport
for residents of that part of the East Coast. The railway rules require that a
clear passageway be kept from one end of the train to the other.

As learned counsel for the appellants submitted at the trial, the only way to
ensure that no passenger stood on the gangway was to place a railway official
at each door throughout the train and to manhandle and herd passengers into
their coaches so as to ensure that they would remain inside between stations.
In order to restrain passengers such as the respondent from dashing out of
coaches for the steps while the train is moving into a station, the doors
would have to remain shut until the train comes to a halt. Such additional
precautions though feasible would be extravagant in both time and expense, and
would defeat the purpose of providing cheap and efficient public
transportation.

135 In the present case, I have already found that based on the CCTV
recordings, AMK Station was not in any way congested at the time of the
plaintiff’s accident. The accident occurred on a Sunday morning which is not a
peak hour for travel. Reasonableness does not require the defendants to
provide ever increasing manpower to patrol AMK Station at all times in a bid
to avert the improbable occurrence of someone falling unintentionally onto the
tracks, especially if the fall was not brought about by congestion.

Res ipsa loquitur

136 An argument was briefly made that the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur
applies in favour of the plaintiff. The plaintiff contended that AMK Station
was under the management of the defendants, and that her accident was one that
would not happen in the ordinary course of things. Therefore, it was said, the
burden shifted to the defendants to prove that they were not negligent.

137 The doctrine of res ipsa loquitur applies where three conditions are
satisfied, as stated in Scott v The London and St Katherine Docks Company
(1865) 3 H & C 596:

(1) the occurrence is such that it would not have happened without negligence
and (2) the thing that inflicted the damage was under the sole management and
control of the defendant, or of someone for whom he is responsible or whom he
has a right to control. If these two conditions are satisfied it follows, on a
balance of probability, that the defendant, or the person for whom he is
responsible, must have been negligent. There is, however, a further negative
condition: (3) there must be no evidence as to why or how the occurrence took
place. If there is, then appeal to res ipsa loquitur is inappropriate for the
question of the defendant's negligence must be determined on that evidence.

138 It must be borne in mind that the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur is a rule
of evidence. It operates to aid the plaintiff in establishing prima facie
negligence where it is not possible for him to prove precisely what was the
act or omission leading to his injury. In such circumstance, the court may
take the accident itself as evidence of the defendant’s failure to take
reasonable care on the balance of probabilities. As stated by the Court of
Appeal in Teng Ah Kow & Anor v Ho Sek Chiu & Ors [1993] 3 SLR(R) 43 (at [22]):

It seems to us settled law that the principle of res ipsa loquitur is no more
than a rule of evidence of which the essence is, as Lord Radcliffe pointed out
in Barkway v South Wales Transport Co Ltd [1950] 1 All ER 392, that an event
which in the ordinary course of things is more likely than not to have been
caused by negligence is by itself evidence of negligence. It would then be for
the defendant to rebut the prima facie case.

139 Therefore, the doctrine operates to fill an evidential gap. It follows
that where there is no evidential gap to speak of, the doctrine has no
relevance, even if it can be shown that the defendant was in control of the
thing which inflicted the damage.

140 In the present case, the circumstances leading up to the accident are
clear. The plaintiff stood behind the yellow line. The platform was not
crowded. The plaintiff suffered a sudden and unpredictable loss of
consciousness and fell onto the train tracks, where she was struck by a train.
The court does not have to rely on inference to ascertain how the accident
occurred, because this is all patent from the CCTV recordings and the evidence
of the witnesses. It remains only for the court to decide whether, on these
known facts, the defendants could be considered to have fallen below the
applicable standard of care. The foregoing analysis (at [71]-[135] above) has
addressed that question. There is no evidential gap on these facts. The
evidential doctrine of res ipsa loquitur does not assist in this inquiry.

Conclusion on negligence

141 Based on the foregoing analysis, I come to the conclusion that AMK Station
was reasonably safe on 3 April 2011. The defendants have not fallen below the
applicable standard of care and were not negligent. This finding is also
sufficient to dispose of the plaintiff’s claim based on an implied contractual
term.

Breach of statutory duty

142 The plaintiff alleged that the defendants were in breach of para 27 of the
fifth schedule of the Building Control Regulations 2003 (Cap 29, S 666/2003)
(“the Regulations”). The Regulations are enacted under s 49(1) of the Building
Control Act (Cap 29, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The relevant paragraphs of the
Regulations are paragraphs 26, 27 and 28:

H. Safety from falling

Objective

26\. The objective of paragraph 27 is to protect people from injury caused by
falling.

Performance requirement

27\. Where there is a vertical drop in level of 1000 mm or more, appropriate
measures shall be taken to prevent people from falling from a height.

28\. The requirement in paragraph 27 shall not apply to —

(a) roofs or other areas generally not intended for human occupation; and

(b) special service or usage areas such as loading or unloading bays, stages
for performance or entertainment.

143 The plaintiff argued that the drop from the platform to the tracks is more
than 1000 mm, as indicated by plans submitted by the defendants 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

See Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 134

, and that the defendants failed to take any or any appropriate measure to
protect people from injury caused by falling. The basis for the alleged
failure is the lack of half-height PSDs at AMK Station at the material time
139

##### Foot Note 139

×

See Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 132

. It was further contended that AMK Station platform is not excluded from the
requirement in paragraph 27 of the fifth schedule of the Regulations because
it does not fall under the exceptions provided by paragraph 28(a) and (b) of
the fifth schedule of the Regulations.

144 I can deal quickly with this argument by referring to paragraph 3 of the
Regulations, which states as follows:

Application

3\. These Regulations shall apply only to building works where an application
to the Commissioner of Building Control for approval of the plans of those
building works under section 5(1) of the Act is made on or after 1st January
2004.

145 The design and construction of the MRT network, including AMK Station, was
approved by the government in May 1982. Construction commenced in 1983. The
plaintiff has at no point argued that the construction of the MRT network was
done without the necessary clearances. It is therefore clear that the
Regulations do not apply to the MRT network, including AMK Station, which
plans received the necessary Building Control approval before 2004. The
Building and Construction Authority in fact confirmed as much in its written
reply to the LTA’s written enquiry of 19 August 2011. It stated that at the
time of construction, the LTA’s predecessor, the Mass Rapid Transit
Corporation, was expressly exempted from the provisions of Part II of the
Building Control Act 1973 (Act 59 of 1973) (“the 1973 Act”) by virtue of the
Building Control (Exemption) Order 1983, and therefore that the present
Regulations do not apply to AMK Station. The Building Control (Exemption)
Order 1983 states as follows:

...

2\. The Mass Rapid Transit Corporation established under the Mass Rapid
Transit Corporation Act 1983 is hereby exempted from the provisions of Part II
of the Building Control Act, 1973, in respect of the following building works
undertaken by the Authority:

a. All building works below ground level; and

b. All stations, workshops, marshalling yards, depot, stabling yards, elevated
line structures, electrical substations, control centres, administration
buildings and related building works on or above ground level.

146 As the Regulations do not apply to AMK Station, it is not necessary for me
to consider whether the above-ground platforms at AMK Station fall under the
exempted areas listed under paragraph 28(a) and (b) of the Regulations.

Conclusion

147 The plaintiff’s injuries are undoubtedly tragic, especially for one so
young. But the law of negligence awards compensation based on a defendant’s
culpability, not simply because a plaintiff has suffered harm. The concept of
the standard of care is a tool adopted by the law to determine whether conduct
is culpable. A defendant who meets the standard of care set by the law of
negligence is not at fault for a plaintiff's misfortune, however undoubtedly
tragic that misfortune is.

148 I have found that AMK Station was reasonably safe at the time the
plaintiff sustained her injuries. As a result, the defendants are not liable
in negligence for those injuries. Neither is SMRT liable in contract for
breach of the implied term which I have found in its contract of carriage with
the plaintiff. The defendants are also not in breach of the Regulations as
these Regulations do not cover MRT stations.

149 The plaintiff’s case amounted to arguing that the defendants were
negligent because they failed to make a system which was reasonably safe even
more safe. Unfortunately for the plaintiff, that is not the law.

150 I therefore dismiss the plaintiff’s action with costs.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Mr Cosmas Stephen Gomez and Mr Subbiah Pillai

(Cosmas LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Mr Anparasan s/o Kamachi, Ms Grace Tan and Mr Tan Wei Ming (KhattarWong LLP)
for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

