Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd _v_ Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHC 264

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 29 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Liam Beng, Soh Chun York and Eng Cia Ai (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Chia Swee Chye (Samuel Seow Law Corporation)
for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd — Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd  
  
29 November 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This is the latest instalment in a long-running dispute between a main
contractor and its sub-contractor in relation to the construction of an
industrial building at 31 Toh Guan Road East (“the Project”). The present
application _vide_ Originating Summons No 29 of 2013 (“OS 29/2013”) raises
interesting questions about the point or stage at which an arbitral tribunal
becomes _functus officio_ or ceases to have jurisdiction in an arbitration.
The thrust of the present debate relates to what happens to the arbitration
after an arbitral award has been set aside.

2 OS 29/2013 was filed after the Court of Appeal affirmed the setting aside of
an additional award for pre-award interest (“the Additional Award”) issued by
a sole arbitrator (“the Tribunal”) pursuant to s 43(4) of the Arbitration Act
(Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) on the ground that it had been made in
breach of the rules of natural justice, the Tribunal having failed to give the
unsuccessful party an opportunity to reply or make submissions on the issue.
Full reasons for the setting aside of the Additional Award are reported in the
decision of the Court of Appeal in _L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim Chin San
Contractors Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2013] 1 SLR 125 (“ _L W
Infrastructure CA_ ”).

3 In bringing OS 29/2013 for, _inter alia_ , the determination of three
questions of law, the plaintiff, L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd (“LWI”),
essentially seeks a declaration that the Tribunal retains jurisdiction to
issue yet another additional award for pre-award interest under s 43(4) of the
Act following the setting aside of the Additional Award. This application
followed the Tribunal’s refusal to issue such an award on the basis that it
had no power to do so, having become _functus officio_ upon the issuance of
the Additional Award.

4 LWI’s present application is brought under s 45 of the Act. Subsequently,
two other provisions, namely s 36 and s 21(9) of the Act, were introduced. The
defendant, Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd (“LCSC”), opposes this application
in its entirety. LCSC’s position is that LWI’s application is fundamentally
misconceived as none of the statutory provisions apply to this case.

Background to OS 29/2013

Events leading up to the setting aside of the Additional Award.

5 LWI, the main contractor for the Project, appointed LCSC as its sub-
contractor under a sub-contract which contained an arbitration clause.
Subsequently, various disputes arising out of the sub-contract were referred
to arbitration. On 29 June 2010, the Tribunal rendered an award (“the Final
Award”) in which LWI was awarded the sum of $341,391.10 “with simple interest
at the rate of 5.33% p.a. from the date of this Award”. On 15 July 2010, a
supplementary award was issued to correct certain typographical errors in the
Final Award.

6 Being dissatisfied with the Tribunal’s decision, LWI filed an appeal on
various questions of law by way of Originating Summons No 759 of 2010 (“OS
759/2010”). LCSC filed a cross-appeal by way of Originating Summons No 769 of
2010. On 5 July 2011, the High Court dismissed LCSC’s appeal and substantially
allowed LWI’s appeal. On 21 September 2011, following the Orders of Court
handed down by the High Court, the Tribunal rendered another supplementary
award (“the Supplementary Award”), in which LWI was awarded the sum of
$603,608.90 with “simple interest at the rate of 5.33% p.a. on the sum of
S$603,608.90 from the date of this Supplementary Award” (_ie_ , post-award
interest).

7 After reviewing the Supplementary Award, LWI was of the view that the
Tribunal had omitted to award pre-award interest on the sum, and requested the
Tribunal to grant an additional award for pre-award interest by way of a
written request dated 17 October 2011 (“the First Request”). Three days
passed. The other party, LCSC, did not respond to the request. On 20 October
2011, the Tribunal then rendered the Additional Award providing for pre-award
interest in favour of LWI.

8 Subsequently, LCSC successfully applied to the High Court under Originating
Summons No 988 of 2011 (“OS 988/2011”) to set aside the Additional Award on
the ground that it had been made in breach of the rules of natural justice.
The High Court however declined to declare the Additional Award a nullity on
the basis that the court did not have an inherent or residual discretion to
make a declaration as to the validity of an arbitral award outside the express
statutory grounds for setting aside.

9 LWI appealed the decision to set aside the Additional Award and LCSC cross-
appealed against the decision not to declare the Additional Award a nullity.
On 18 October 2012, in _L W Infrastructure CA_ , the Court of Appeal upheld
the High Court’s decision to set aside the Additional Award as well as not to
declare the Additional Award a nullity. The Court of Appeal in _L W
Infrastructure CA_ declined to remit the matter to the Tribunal, stating as
follows (at [93]):

By reason of the matters aforesaid, we affirm the decision of the Judge
setting aside the Additional Award. In the course of the arguments, we invited
submissions on whether and if so what consequential orders we should make in
this event. Counsel for the parties had different views. Mr Tan for [LWI]
suggested that the proper course would be for us to remit the matter to the
Arbitrator. Mr Chia Swee Chye Kelvin ("Mr Chia") for [LCSC] did not agree that
this would be appropriate in the circumstances. Mr Chia contended that (a) it
was doubtful whether the court had a power to remit at all in such
circumstances; (b) the only relief sought was for the Additional Award to be
set aside and once that was done, it was up to [LWI] to attempt to revive its
application, and if they did so, [LCSC] would contend that this was
impermissible because it would fall outside the statutory time limits provided
in the Act for an application to be made under s 43(4) of the Act; and (c)
even if these hurdles could be overcome, [LCSC] might have objections to the
matter being returned to the Arbitrator in all the circumstances. **_These
points were not fully argued before us. Furthermore, the only issue before us
was whether the order setting aside the Additional Award should be affirmed.
Accordingly, we confine ourselves to this and make no special consequential
orders._** [emphasis added]

Events after the setting aside of the Additional Award

10 Taking the position that the setting aside of the Additional Award returned
the arbitral proceedings to the state that existed up to the moment
immediately preceding the making of the Additional Award and by way of a
letter dated 31 October 2012 (“the Revival Request”), LWI wrote to the
Tribunal reiterating its request made on 17 October 2011 for an additional
award of pre-award interest to be issued. The parties exchanged several rounds
of submissions in the form of letters.

11 LCSC marshalled the points foreshadowed in _L W Infrastructure CA_ at [93]
(extracted above at [9]) to oppose first LWI’s Revival Request and thereafter
OS 29/2013. Its main contention was that the Tribunal was _functus officio_ as
the time for making the additional award had expired. LCSC pointed out that
under s 43(5) of the Act, the Tribunal was required to issue an additional
award within 60 days of LWI’s request. According to LCSC, after these 60 days
had elapsed (on 16 December 2011), the Tribunal was _functus officio_ with the
result that he could no longer issue an additional award, nor extend the 60
day period pursuant to s 43(6) of the Act.

12 On 14 December 2012, the Tribunal wrote to the parties stating that: (a)
the setting aside of the Additional Award did not revive his jurisdiction; and
(b) in any case, the last day for him to make an additional award was 16
December 2011, 60 days after his receipt of the First Request (_ie_ , 17
October 2011). The pertinent extracts of the Tribunal’s letter dated 14
December 2012 are as follows:

15\. … I am of the view that upon setting aside of the Additional Award, and
in the absence of the parties’ agreement or an express order from the Court to
revive my jurisdiction, I am _functus officio_.

16\. Even if I am wrong and my jurisdiction survives the setting aside, s
43(5) of [the Act] obliges me to make the additional award within 60 days of
the receipt of such request. As the request for the Additional Award was
received on 17 October 2011, unless extended pursuant to s 43(6), the last day
to make the additional award was 16 December 2011. Upon the expiry of date for
making the additional award, I am _functus officio_.

The Tribunal also declined, on the same basis, LWI’s application for an
extension of the time to issue an additional award:

17\. Although s 43(6) permits an arbitrator to extend time within which to
make the additional award, in my view this must be done before the expiry of
the 60 day [sic] provided in s 43(5). Once the 60 day time limit has lapsed,
the arbitrator is _functus officio_ and would have no power to extend his own
jurisdiction.

The present application

13 Disagreeing with the Tribunal’s view, LWI brought the present application
in OS 29/2013. LWI’s original application proceeded on two bases:

(a) LWI applied for this court’s determination of three questions of law under
s 45 of the Act, _viz_ :

(i) whether, upon the setting aside of the Additional Award, the proceedings
are returned to the state that existed up to the moment immediately preceding
the making of the Additional Award, with the result that the Tribunal remains
seized of the reference;

(ii) whether, regardless of the on-going proceedings in OS 988/2011, the
Tribunal’s jurisdiction to issue an additional award pursuant to the First
Request had lapsed on 16 December 2011, 60 days after the Tribunal’s receipt
of the First Request; and

(iii) whether, regardless of the on-going proceedings in OS 988/2011, the
Tribunal’s jurisdiction to extend time for the purposes of issuing an
additional award pursuant to the First Request had lapsed on 16 December 2011,
60 days after the Tribunal’s receipt of the First Request.

(b) Further and/or alternatively, LWI applied for the time allowed for the
Tribunal’s issuance of the additional award pursuant to the First Request to
be extended for such period of time as this court deems fit pursuant to s 36
of the Act.

14 The aforesaid application was heard by this court on 16 April 2013, after
which I reserved judgment. On 18 April 2013, LWI filed Summons No 2051 of 2013
(“SUM 2051/2013”) for “leave to amend the title of these proceedings, as
stated in OS 29/2013” in order to introduce another basis for its application,
_viz_ , s 21(9) of the Act. SUM 2051/2013 was heard on 26 July 2013. LWI’s
explanation for seeking the amendment was that it had always been its
intention to rely on s 21(9) of the Act in OS 29/2013, and that the original
reference to s 29 in the heading of OS 29/2013 was a typographical error. I
allowed LWI’s application to amend in SUM 2051/2013, leaving LCSC’s
submissions on the relevance and merits of s 21(9) to be considered as part of
its substantive objections to OS 29/2013.

The issues

15 The issues which arise for this court’s determination in OS 29/2013 may be
summarised as follows:

(a) whether LWI is entitled to apply under s 45 of the Act for the court to
determine questions of law arising in the course of the reference (“the
Threshold Issue”);

(b) if the Threshold Issue is answered in the affirmative:

(i) whether, upon the setting aside of the Additional Award, the proceedings
are returned to the state that existed up to the moment immediately preceding
the making of the Additional Award, with the result that the Tribunal remains
seized of the reference (“Issue 1(a)”);

(ii) whether, regardless of the on-going proceedings in OS 988/2011, the
Tribunal’s jurisdiction to issue an additional award pursuant to the First
Request had lapsed on 16 December 2011, 60 days after the Tribunal’s receipt
of the First Request (“Issue 1(b)”); and

(iii) whether, regardless of the on-going proceedings in OS 988/2011, the
Tribunal’s jurisdiction to extend time for the purposes of issuing an
additional award pursuant to the First Request had lapsed on 16 December 2011,
60 days after the Tribunal’s receipt of the First Request (“Issue 1(c)”);

(c) whether the time allowed for the Tribunal’s issuance of an additional
award pursuant to the First Request ought to be extended under s 36 of the Act
(“Issue 2”); and

(d) whether LWI was entitled to apply to the Court under s 21(9) of the Act to
decide on a plea as a preliminary issue that the Tribunal has jurisdiction
(“Issue 3”).

Threshold Issue: applicability of s 45 of the Act

16 The relevant provisions of s 45 of the Act, which governs the determination
of preliminary points of law, are as follows:

**45**.—(1) Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, the Court may, on the
application of a party to the arbitral proceedings who has given notice to the
other parties, determine any question of law arising in the course of the
proceedings which the Court is satisfied substantially affects the rights of
one or more of the parties.

(2) The Court shall not consider an application under this section unless —

(_a_) it is made with the agreement of all parties to the proceedings; or

(_b_) it is made with the permission of the arbitral tribunal and the Court is
satisfied that —

(i) the determination of the question is likely to produce substantial savings
in costs; and

(ii) the application is made without delay.

…

17 LWI’s position is that its application is premised on the parties’
purported agreement, in the arbitration clause, “that either party may apply
to the High Court to determine any question of law arising in the course of
the reference”. The relevant clause is Art 5.5 of the articles of agreement
between LWI and LCSC (“the Articles of Agreement”) which states:

The parties hereby agree and consent that pursuant to sections 28 and 29 of
the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Ed), that either party

may appeal to the High Court on any question of law arising out of an award
made in an arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement [“the First Limb”] and

may apply to the High Court to determine any question of law arising in the
course of the reference [“the Second Limb”]

and the parties agree that the High Court shall have jurisdiction to determine
any question of law

Sections 28 and 29 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Old
Act”), which were referred to in Art 5.5, are the predecessors of ss 45 and 49
of the Act.

18 As noted by LCSC, LWI’s application cannot be based on the First Limb of
Art 5.5 as:

(a) OS 29/2013 was expressly made pursuant to s 45 of the Act and not s 49
thereof (which deals with appeals against an award); and

(b) the Tribunal’s decision that he is _functus officio_ is not an award for
the purposes of the Act: see _PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia
Bank SA_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 597 at [66] for the proposition that the definition
of “award” in the Act does not include a negative determination of
jurisdiction as it is not a decision on the substance of the dispute.

19 I agree with LCSC that the First Limb is not applicable. As regards LCSC’s
objection (b) in the preceding paragraph, the Tribunal’s opinion that it was
_functus officio_ was not an award within the meaning of s 2 of the Act (see
[31] below for the relevant extract of s 2). In relation to the Second Limb
and s 45 of the Act, LCSC raised three threshold objections:

(a) that the questions of law did not arise “in the course of the [arbitral]
proceedings” (in the words of s 45(1) of the Act) or “in the course of the
reference” (in the words of Art 5.5 of the Articles of Agreement and s 29(1)
of the Old Act) (“the First Threshold Objection”);

(b) that the said application under s 45 of the Act was filed out of time
under O 69, r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Second
Threshold Objection”); and

(c) that LWI is abusing the s 45 process in bringing the said application
(“the Third Threshold Objection”).

20 In my view, the Second and Third Threshold Questions are of secondary
importance. Of greater interest and significance is LCSC’s First Threshold
Objection, _viz_ , that the questions of law posed by LWI did not arise “in
the course of the [arbitral] proceedings” (in the words of s 45(1) of the Act)
or “in the course of the reference” (in the words of Art 5.5 of the Articles
of Agreement and s 29(1) of the Old Act).

21 I propose to address the First Threshold Objection in some detail since the
issue of whether the questions of law as formulated by LWI arose “in the
course of the [arbitral] proceedings” (in the words of s 45(1) of the Act) is
inextricably intertwined with the central question of what happens to the
arbitral proceedings after the setting aside of an award. This in turn
involves consideration of the broad and interlinked doctrines of _res
judicata_ and _functus officio_. A resolution of these related and overlapping
matters will resolve OS 29/2013.

The First Threshold Objection

22 LCSC argued that the questions of law framed by LWI in OS 29/2013 were in
fact extraneous to the entire arbitration for the following reasons:

(a) Having made the Supplementary Award on 21 September 2011 which dealt with
all the substantive issues and claims, the Tribunal became _functus officio_
as it is trite law that a Tribunal “becomes _functus officio_ upon making the
final award”: para 20.116 of _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 1(2)
(LexisNexis, 2011 Reissue) (“ _Halsbury’s_ ”) at p 134.

(b) It is provided in s 44(2) of the Act that “[e]xcept as provided in section
43, upon any award being made, including an award made in accordance with
section 33, the arbitral tribunal shall not vary, amend, correct, review, add
to or revoke the award.”

(c) Section 43(5) of the Act expressly provides that any additional award
shall be made “within 60 days of the receipt of such request [for an
additional award]”. There is no dispute that 60 days from the First Request is
16 December 2011.

(d) Whilst the 60 day period within which to issue an additional award may be
extended by the Tribunal under s 43(6) of the Act, this power was never
invoked by either party before the expiry of the time limit on 16 December
2011. Accordingly, the deadline for any additional award to be made by the
Tribunal remained at 16 December 2011.

(e) Upon the expiry of the deadline of 16 December 2011, the Tribunal became
_functus officio_ , if he was not already _functus_ on 21 September 2011.

(f) The alleged questions of law having arisen only on 14 December 2012,
nearly one year after the above deadline of 16 December 2011, it cannot be
said that the said issues arose “in the course of the [arbitral] proceedings”
or “in the course of the reference”. Those questions, therefore, cannot be the
subject of an application under s 45 of the Act.

23 I preface my analysis with a few preliminary observations. It is not all
that clear, notwithstanding LWI’s choice of the word “revive” (in relation to
the Tribunal’s jurisdiction), that it has accepted the general proposition
that the Tribunal became _functus officio_ after the Additional Award was
issued. Indeed, it is well accepted that where there has been a breach of the
rules of natural justice on the part of an arbitral tribunal in the course of
making an award, the tribunal retains no jurisdiction to repair that breach:
see, generally, _Five Ocean Salvage Ltd v Wenzhou Timber Group_ [2012] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 289 (“ _Five Oceans_ ”). The only recourse in respect of such a
breach is an application to set aside the arbitral award (as was the case in
the proceedings culminating in _L W Infrastructure CA_).

24 It must be borne in mind that the Court of Appeal in _L W Infrastructure
CA_ chose to set aside the Additional Award but did not make any consequential
orders (see above at [9]). Remittance was not in fact a relief sought at the
outset by LWI in its appeal. The question which now arises is what happens to
the arbitration after an award has been set aside (as opposed to being set
aside _and_ remitted to the arbitral tribunal for reconsideration). I note
that the court’s jurisdiction in the first place to remit (whether under the
Act or under its inherent jurisdiction) is not a matter which is before me in
this case. It is plain that this matter ought to be left to a more appropriate
forum to be considered.

25 The effect on an arbitral award of an order for setting aside is clear –
the award in question has no legal effect on the parties to the arbitration.
It is, however, less clear what happens to the arbitral _proceedings_ after
the award has been set aside. LWI argues that the consequence should be that
the arbitration reverts to the state that existed up to the moment immediately
preceding the issuance of the said award. LCSC advanced the converse position,
arguing that the tribunal would be _functus officio_ and would not be able to
resume jurisdiction over the matters dealt with in the award unless those
matters were remitted to the tribunal for reconsideration. The pivotal issue,
therefore, is the effect of a setting aside of the award on the tribunal’s
jurisdiction to deal with the matters covered in the award.

26 In my view, LCSC’s argument relating to the expiry of the time limit of 60
days to issue an additional award under s 43(5) is of considerably less
significance. If in fact the Tribunal was _functus officio_ after issuing the
Additional Award and his jurisdiction was not “revived” when the Additional
Award was set aside, the issue of the time limit would be moot (as the
Tribunal would not have jurisdiction to deal with the matter in the first
place). Given the potential conclusion reached in relation to the First
Threshold Objection that there is no automatic “revival” of the Tribunal’s
jurisdiction following the setting aside of the Additional Award, the issue of
the time limit would also be moot.

27 In light of this, the real issue on the facts is whether the Tribunal’s
jurisdiction to deal with the issue of pre-award interest expired after he
dealt with it in the Additional Award (thereby bringing an end to the arbitral
proceedings), or whether his jurisdiction was in fact resumed or “revived”
when the Additional Award was set aside. I will consider this issue in detail
following an overview of the _functus officio_ doctrine in both the historical
context and the present legislative regime. Given the dearth of local case law
on the issue of what happens to the arbitration after an arbitral award has
been set aside, I have attempted to approach this matter from first principles
and with the assistance of case law from other jurisdictions.

Functus officio in arbitration

28 The expression “ _functus officio_ ” is Latin for “a task performed” and,
in the arbitral context, “describes or implies the point at which an
arbitrator has exhausted or concluded all that he or she had jurisdiction to
deal with”: _Martin Dawes v Treasures & Son Ltd_ [2011] 2 All ER (Comm) 569 (“
_Dawes_ ”) at [27], _per_ Akenhead J. In a similar vein, Andrew Ang J noted in
_Anwar Siraj and another v Teo Hee Lai Building Construction Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2
SLR(R) 500 at [45] that the arbitral proceedings are concluded when an award
is made and published (_ie_ , when the arbitral tribunal gives notice to the
parties that the award is ready for collection). Thereafter, the tribunal is
_functus officio_.

29 Historically, an arbitral tribunal lost its capacity to act after it had
rendered its final award. In the terminology used in common law jurisdictions,
the tribunal became “ _functus officio_ ” – it had completed its mandate by
making an award with _res judicata_ effect. The _functus officio_ doctrine is
a time-honoured one, and is one of the methods by which the law gives
practical effect to the principle of finality. Another is the _res judicata_
doctrine, which provides that once a decision has been given in respect of a
dispute, the parties are bound by that decision and cannot re-litigate the
same dispute.

30 Notwithstanding its long history, the _functus officio_ doctrine has not
been exempt from criticism, particularly for its rigidity and potential
harshness in application. In the words of Posner J of the US Court of Appeals
(Seventh Circuit) in _Glass, Molders, Pottery, Plastics & Allied Workers Int'l
Union, AFL-CIO, CLC, Local 182B v Excelsior Foundry Co_, 56 F 3d 844 (7th Cir
1995) at 846:

The doctrine [of _functus officio_] originated in the bad old days when judges
were hostile to arbitration and ingenious in hamstringing it. … Today, riddled
with exceptions, it is hanging on by its fingernails … The doctrine is based
on the analogy of a judge who resigns from his office and, having done so,
naturally cannot rule on a request to reconsider or amend his decision. … The
flaw in the analogy is that the judge’s resignation does not deprive litigants
of an opportunity to seek reconsideration of his decisions. Motions to
reconsider are simply redirected to another judge. If the “resignation” of the
arbitrator from the case, in accordance with the doctrine of functus officio,
disables him from considering a motion for reconsideration, clarification,
amendment, or other modification, there is nobody to whom the parties can
turn. The result would be a gap in the system of arbitral justice that would
make very little sense that we can see.

31 In the Singapore context, the Act and the International Arbitration Act
(Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”) expressly encapsulate the _functus
officio_ doctrine, whilst concurrently mitigating its potential severity by
prescribing exceptional circumstances in which a tribunal may exercise
authority after making a final award. The legislative starting point of our
enquiry is s 44 of the Act, which provides that an arbitral award under the
Act shall be final and binding on the parties and on any person claiming
through the parties or under them:

**Effect of award**

**44**.—(1) An award made by the arbitral tribunal pursuant to an arbitration
agreement shall be _final and binding on the parties_ and on any person
claiming through or under them and may be relied upon by any of the parties by
way of defence, set-off or otherwise in any proceedings in any court of
competent jurisdiction.

(2) Except as provided in section 43, upon an award being made, including an
award made in accordance with section 33, _the arbitral tribunal shall not
vary, amend, correct, review, add to or revoke the award_.

…

[emphasis added]

In s 2(1) of the Act, “award” is defined as follows:

‘award’ means a decision of the arbitral tribunal on the substance of the
dispute and includes any interim, interlocutory or partial award.

Section 33 of the Act further empowers an arbitral tribunal to make more than
one award on various substantive matters at different points of time during
the proceedings:

**33**.—(1) Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, the arbitral tribunal may
make more than one award at different points in time during the proceedings on
different aspects of the matters to be determined.

(2) The arbitral tribunal may, in particular, make an award relating to —

(_a_) an issue affecting the whole claim; or

(_b_) a part only of the claim, counter-claim or cross-claim, which is
submitted to the tribunal for decision.

(3) If the arbitral tribunal makes an award under this section, it shall
specify in its award, the issue, or claim or part of a claim, which is the
subject-matter of the award.

…

32 As a general proposition, once an arbitral tribunal issues a final award
(including as to costs), the tribunal is rendered _functus officio_ and cannot
review the issues decided in the award. Likewise, where an arbitral tribunal
issues an award in relation to certain limited substantive issues, the issues
determined by that award are finally disposed of, and neither the tribunal nor
the parties can reopen the issues decided in the award. The latter concept has
often been described as “partial” _functus officio_. In the latter respect,
with the introduction in 2001 of s 44(1) of the Act (cited above at [31]) and
its legislative counterpart, s 19(B)(1) of the IAA, all arbitral awards,
including interim awards, are “final and binding” on the parties.

33 As noted above (at [31]), there are certain exceptions to the general
principle of _functus officio_. In this respect, the exceptions in s 43 of the
Act provide as follows:

**43.** —(1) A party may, within 30 days of the receipt of the award, unless
another period of time has been agreed upon by the parties —

(_a_) upon notice to the other parties, request the arbitral tribunal to
correct in the award any error in computation, any clerical or typographical
error, or other error of similar nature; and

(_b_) upon notice to the other parties, request the arbitral tribunal to give
an interpretation of a specific point or part of the award, if such request is
also agreed to by the other parties.

(2) If the arbitral tribunal considers the request in subsection (1) to be
justified, the tribunal shall make such correction or give such interpretation
within 30 days of the receipt of the request and such interpretation shall
form part of the award.

(3) The arbitral tribunal may correct any error of the type referred to in
subsection (1)(_a_) or give an interpretation referred to in subsection
(1)(_b_), on its own initiative, within 30 days of the date of the award.

(4) **_Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, a party may, within 30 days of
receipt of the award and upon notice to the other party, request the arbitral
tribunal to make an additional award as to claims presented during the
arbitral proceedings but omitted from the award._**

(5) **_If the arbitral tribunal considers the request in subsection (4) to be
justified, the tribunal shall make the additional award within 60 days of the
receipt of such request._**

(6) The arbitral tribunal may, if necessary, extend the period of time within
which it shall make a correction, interpretation or an additional award under
this section.

…

[emphasis added]

Therefore, notwithstanding the general position that an arbitral tribunal is
_functus officio_ in respect of issues determined in an award, ss 43(4), 43(5)
and 43(6) of the Act nevertheless _retain jurisdiction_ for the tribunal to
issue an additional award as to claims presented during the arbitral
proceedings and purported to be covered by the award but omitted for some
reason from the actual award.

34 In the context of an application for the setting aside, s 48(3) of the Act
also allows for the revival (so to speak) of the arbitral tribunal’s
jurisdiction where the court suspends proceedings for setting aside an award
in order to allow the tribunal to resume the arbitral proceedings or take such
other action as may eliminate the grounds for setting aside an award:

**48**. …

(3) When a party applies to the Court to set aside an award under this
section, the Court may, where appropriate and so requested by a party, suspend
the proceedings for setting aside an award, for such period of time as it may
determine, to allow the arbitral tribunal to resume the arbitral proceedings
or take such other action as may eliminate the grounds for setting aside an
award.

Similarly, on appeal to the court on a question of law arising out of an
award, the court may remit the award to the arbitral tribunal under s
49(8)(_c_) of the Act, in whole or in part, thereby also “reviving” the
tribunal’s jurisdiction to deal with the remitted matters. As the English High
Court observed in _Dawes_ (at [27]), “the final and last award in any given
arbitration will usually signal the point [at which the arbitrator ceases to
have any jurisdiction], _although it can be revived if an award is remitted to
the arbitrator_ ” [emphasis added].

35 In summary, therefore, a tribunal is generally _functus officio_ in respect
of the issues covered in an arbitral award, subject only to the operation of
the “exceptions” embodied in ss 43(4), 43(5) and 43(6) of the Act and the
extent to which the tribunal’s jurisdiction is revived by court order. It is
this last-mentioned “exception” which forms the crux of the present dispute.

The effect of an order for setting aside

36 LWI’s solicitors submitted, citing the English Court of Appeal authority of
_Hussmann (Europe) Ltd v Pharaon (formerly trading as Al Ameen Development &
Trade Establishment)_ [2003] EWCA Civ 266 (“ _Hussmann v Pharaon_ ”) that
“[f]ollowing the setting aside of an arbitral award, the proceedings return to
the state that existed up to the moment immediately preceding the making of
the award. The tribunal’s jurisdiction is revived.” LWI cited the following
passage from _Hussmann v Pharaon_ (_per_ Rix LJ) in support for this
proposition:

79 … Both _Mustill and Boyd, The Law and Practice of Commercial Arbitration in
England_ , 2nd ed, 1989, and _Thomas, Appeals from Arbitration Awards_ (1994)
**_contemplate that in principle a setting aside means that the arbitration
reverts to the position it was in before the Tribunal published his award so
that the Tribunal is not functus officio ; but both also seem to allow that
there is some authority to suggest that the setting aside of an award may
bring the Tribunal's jurisdiction to an end_**. Thus _Mustill and Boyd_ at 565
say:

‘As regards setting-aside, it is clear that the effect of an order is to
deprive the award of all legal effect, so that the position is the same as if
the award had never been made. It is much less clear what happens to the
arbitration after the award has been set aside. Logically, the consequence
should be that the arbitration reverts to the position in which it stood
immediately before the Tribunal published his award; i.e. that he is not yet
functus officio and remains seized of the reference …

Another possible view is that the setting-aside of the award frustrates the
entire arbitral process, and that the dispute falls back on the inherent
jurisdiction of the Court. This proposition is not theoretically sound …

It appears that so far as the courts have given any consideration to the
consequences of setting aside, they have assumed that the Order not only
annuls the award, but also desseizes the Tribunal of the reference, so that
the whole of the arbitral process has to be recommenced. The dispute is,
however, still susceptible of arbitration, albeit with a freshly constituted
tribunal …’

80 _Thomas_ at 8.11.2–4 is to similar effect. Both text-books refer to
Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council v O'Reilly [1983] 2 Ll Rep 70, but in
our judgment this decision is not inconsistent with the logical principle
preferred by the authors of those text-books.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

LWI also cited _Halsbury’s_ vol 1(2) at para 20.116, footnote 6, which stated
that “[w]here an invalid award is set aside or declared to be of no effect,
the jurisdiction of the tribunal is not exhausted with the effect that the
tribunal is allowed to make a further award: [_Hussmann v Pharaon_].”

37 Before commencing an analysis of _Hussmann v Pharaon_ and the principles
propounded in it, I think it helpful to consider the somewhat analogous
situation where a court orders the remittance of certain issues to the
arbitral tribunal for reconsideration.

The effect of an order for remitter

38 In _Alvaro v Temple_ [2009] WASC 205 at [68] (“ _Alvaro v Temple_ ”), the
Supreme Court of Western Australia cited the English Court of Appeal case of
_Interbulk Ltd v Aiden Shipping Co Ltd (The “Vimeira”) (No 1)_ [1985] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 410 (“ _Vimeira (No 1)_ ”) for the proposition that an order for
remitter revives the jurisdiction of the original tribunal to the extent that
the order, on its proper construction, so provides. The facts of _Vimeira (No
1)_ are instructive.

39 The saga involved a ship damaged on entering the port of Ghent. The
shipowners initially commenced arbitral proceedings against the charterers for
damage suffered by the ship when entering the dock pursuant to the orders of
the charterers. The arbitral tribunal issued an interim order holding the
charterers liable to the owners. In _Interbulk Ltd v Aiden Shipping Co Ltd
(The “Vimeira”)_ [1984] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 66 (“ _Vimeira_ ”), the court ordered
the award to be remitted to the tribunal for consideration on the ground that
the tribunal had made its decision on the basis of an issue (_viz_ , that of
the alleged tightness of the turning circle at the entrance to the dock) which
had not been raised in the arbitration. The court ordered that the award be
remitted for reconsideration in light of the court’s judgment and on the basis
of the issues as they stood at the end of the arbitration. Those issues did
not include the issue regarding the turning circle, but it was expressly
stated in the court’s judgment that it would be open to the owners to apply to
the tribunal for leave to amend their points of claim to raise that issue.
Before the tribunal the second time, the owners did not seek to raise the
issue of the turning circle, but sought leave to amend their pleadings to
raise yet another issue (_viz_ , the presence of submerged concrete blocks in
the vicinity of the dock). The issue of the tribunal’s jurisdiction to hear
this issue was disputed and the matter came before the court again in _Vimeira
(No 1)_. The court held (at 411) that:

… the arbitration tribunal becomes functus officio upon the making of the
award; and **_the effect of … remission is to revive their jurisdiction. But
their jurisdiction is, in our judgment, not necessarily revived in its
entirety. The extent to which it is revived will depend upon the order of the
Court._** Where, for example, an award is remitted to an arbitrator to
reconsider one of the matters referred, the Court may, by its order for
remission, expressly or impliedly restrict the revival of the arbitrator’s
jurisdiction … in respect of that particular matter. Likewise, where an award
is remitted for the arbitrator to reconsider a particular aspect of a matter
referred, then the Court may, expressly or impliedly, restrict the revival of
the arbitrator’s jurisdiction to the reconsideration of that particular
aspect. So, for example, where an award is remitted for an arbitrator to
correct an admitted mistake in his award, his jurisdiction will generally only
be revived so far as is necessary for him to make that correction, but no
more. [emphasis added]

On the facts, the court found that the jurisdiction of the tribunal was
revived only to the extent necessary to enable it to proceed to the making of
its interim award on the issues raised before it, subject to one exception,
that it had jurisdiction to entertain an application by the owners for leave
to amend their pleadings to include the issue of the turning circle, and, if
leave to amend were granted, to hear and determine that issue. Only to that
extent was the tribunal’s jurisdiction revived.

40 The owners subsequently applied to the court for a wider remission to
enable it to raise the issue of the submerged concrete blocks, but the
application was refused (in _Interbulk Ltd v Aiden Shipping Co Ltd (The
“Vimeira”) (No 2)_ [1985] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 377 (“ _Vimeira (No 2)_ ”)). Back
before the tribunal again, the owners proposed an amendment with a passing
connection with the issue of the turning circle. On yet further application to
the court, it was said that the amendment would raise a new case and was
outside the tribunal’s jurisdiction. The court agreed that the tribunal had no
jurisdiction to allow the amendment (in _Interbulk Ltd v Aiden Shipping Co Ltd
(The “Vimeira”) (No 3)_ [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 75 (“ _Vimeira (No 3)_ ”)).

41 The Supreme Court of New South Wales in _Mark Blake Builder Pty Ltd v
Davis_ (unreported) (NSW 9403294) (“ _Mark Blake v Davis_ ”) discussed the
consequences of setting aside _and_ remission in light of the _Vimeira_ saga
and other case authorities. As the court opined (at 19):

Thus in the end the extent of the arbitrator’s jurisdiction turns upon the
Court’s order – to what extent was the arbitrator’s jurisdiction expressly or
impliedly revived? … Depending on the terms of the order, it may be necessary
to look to the court’s reasons in order to decide the extent of revival … But
**_the arbitrator does not have jurisdiction going beyond what is necessary to
give effect to the order of the court_**. [emphasis added]

On the facts, an interim award had been set aside _and_ remitted to the
arbitral tribunal for reconsideration. The remittance order was interpreted
restrictively by the court in _Mark Blake v Davis_ , and a subsequent award
was deemed a nullity on the basis that the tribunal was not entitled to reopen
findings in respect of certain issues which had not been expressly remitted.

42 I make a few observations in light of the above cases. It is clear that an
order for remitter must be scrutinised with care and where an award is
remitted for an arbitral tribunal to correct a mistake or address an issue,
such an order will generally only revive the tribunal’s jurisdiction so far as
is necessary for it to make that correction or address that issue (as
evidenced by the court’s restrictive interpretation of the order for remitter
in the _Vimeira_ cases). There is no general entitlement on the part of the
tribunal to revisit issues and decisions _carte blanche_. I note that the
_ratio_ of _Vimeira (No 1)_ is confined to orders for remitter and does not
strictly extend to orders for setting aside. However, by way of an analogy, it
would appear rather odd to me if the setting aside of an award automatically
revives, without more, the tribunal’s jurisdiction to reopen and decide all
issues dealt with in the award. This is especially given the restrictive
construction of the order for remitter in _Mark Blake v Davis_ where the award
in question had been _both_ set aside _and_ remitted.

Awards made within power vs awards made beyond power

43 In my judgment, the effect of an order setting aside an arbitral award
would depend on the dichotomy between awards made within power and those made
beyond power, as well as the extent to which the arbitral tribunal is
conferred jurisdiction over the dispute by an underlying agreement to
arbitrate.

44 In this respect, the decision of the Supreme Court of New South Wales in
_ABB Service Pty Ltd v Pyrmont Light Rail Company Ltd_ [2010] NSWSC 831 (“
_ABB_ ”) is illuminating. There, the court held that an arbitral tribunal did
not have the power to make its original order as to the process of determining
the quantum of costs payable and accordingly was not _functus officio_ when a
second costs order adopting and amending the original order was made. (The
court, however, declined to intervene with the original costs order as it
considered such action to be beyond the scope of the application before it.)

45 The court in _ABB_ noted (at [66] and [67]) that in the curial context, a
decision maker does not become _functus officio_ where the decision or
proceeding in question is a “nullity” because in those circumstances the case
has never been tried according to law. In those circumstances, it is open to
the court to retrace its steps and conduct a hearing according to law without
the intervention of a higher court. By analogy, the court in _ABB_ reasoned
(at [69]) that if an arbitral award was “beyond power and a nullity”, there
would have been no valid determination in the first place and the tribunal
would not be _functus officio_ in relation to the matter. On the facts, the
power of the tribunal to make orders as to costs was limited by legislation to
either settling the amount of the costs itself or arranging for the assessment
of those costs under specific cost assessment processes. As the tribunal’s
original costs order provided for a modified and inconsistent assessment
process without including provision for the costs ultimately to be settled by
the tribunal, it was made beyond the tribunal’s power and the award was thus
_ultra vires_. The issue of costs _vis-à-vis_ the parties being outstanding,
the tribunal had the power (and, indeed, the obligation) to issue the amended
orders disposing of the matter.

46 In the present case, the Additional Award was an award which the Tribunal
had the power to make, notwithstanding the fact that it was subsequently set
aside on grounds of a breach of the rules of natural justice. Where an
arbitral award is made “within power” but is subsequently set aside because of
a procedural irregularity (for instance, where the award has been made in
breach of the rules of natural justice or where the award is contrary to
public policy) (“Situation 1”), the arbitral tribunal would not subsequently
have the jurisdiction to revisit the issues covered in the award. That is
because such an award remains valid and binding on the parties until it is set
aside and rendered invalid by the court. In particular, it is noteworthy that
where there has been a breach of the rules of natural justice on the part of
an arbitral tribunal in the course of making an arbitral award, the tribunal
retains no jurisdiction to repair that breach and the only recourse in respect
of such a breach is an application to set aside the arbitral award: see _Five
Oceans_ (cited above at [23]).

47 In Situation 1, the tribunal would have made a final award for better or
for worse and would remain _functus officio_ with respect to the issues
covered in that award. If the award is _the_ final award in that it disposes
of all the issues to be determined, it would bring an end to the arbitral
proceedings. The fact that the award is subsequently deemed irregular and set
aside on that ground does not automatically “revive” the arbitral proceedings.
It simply means that the award has ceased to have legal effect on the parties
to the arbitration. At that point, it would be up to the party who had opposed
the setting aside application to recommence arbitral proceedings before a
newly constituted tribunal (whether comprising the same or different
arbitrator(s)), assuming that the underlying arbitration agreement is still
valid and subsisting and there is no operative time bar.

48 Similarly, where an arbitral award is “beyond power” in the sense that the
tribunal _lacks jurisdiction_ to deal with the dispute altogether (for
instance, where there is no valid agreement to arbitrate, where a party to the
arbitration agreement was under some incapacity or where the arbitral tribunal
has not been properly appointed) (“Situation 2”), that would clearly be the
end of the enquiry and the tribunal would obviously not be vested with
jurisdiction to deal with the matter merely because the award has been set
aside by the court.

49 Where, however, an arbitral award is “beyond power” or _ultra vires_ in the
sense that the tribunal did _not_ have the power to issue the award in the
form that it did, but nevertheless _had jurisdiction_ under the arbitration
agreement to decide the underlying issues _vis-à-vis_ the parties (“Situation
3”) (as was the case in _ABB_ as well as _Hussmann v Pharaon_ (see below at
[52] to [58])), those issues would remain open for the determination of the
tribunal in a subsequent award, having never been validly determined in the
first place. In such a situation, the tribunal must exercise or complete its
mandate to decide all outstanding issues between the parties to the
arbitration. In those circumstances, the jurisdiction of the tribunal cannot
accurately be said to have been “revived” following the setting aside of the
award issued _ultra vires_. On the contrary, it had never been validly
exercised in the first place (with the result that the tribunal had never
become _functus officio_). Such cases can be expected to be rare and represent
the exception rather than the norm (as demonstrated by the rather unusual
circumstances of _Hussmann v Pharaon_ (see below at [52] to [58])). I also
observe, apropos, that such cases are to be distinguished from those merely
involving errors of law, in relation to which an appeal is more appropriate
under the Act (and against which, of course, there is no recourse under the
IAA).

50 In my view, the above approach provides a principled basis for determining
the status of arbitral proceedings after an award has been set aside. It also
has the benefit of explaining the decision of _Hussmann v Pharaon_ , which is
the leading authority on which LWI has essentially pitched its case.

51 Before moving on to the facts of _Hussmann v Pharaon_ , I note,
parenthetically, that “nullity” in the above context (_ie_ , as a reference to
the _effect_ of setting aside on an award) is used in a slightly different
context than in _L W Infrastructure CA_. There, the Court of Appeal was
basically asked to circumvent the express provisions for setting aside
contained in ss 48 and 49(8) of the Act by declaring the Additional Award a
“nullity” on the basis that it was not a valid award under s 43(4) of the Act.
The Court of Appeal unsurprisingly declined to do so, holding that in the
absence of a specific provision in the legislation, it did not have the
jurisdiction to make a declaration as to the validity of the Additional Award.
This was especially since _L W Infrastructure CA_ was clearly a case involving
a procedural irregularity. In other words, the Court of Appeal was not
referring to the word “nullity” as a term of art at all.

Analysis of Hussmann v Pharaon

52 The facts of _Hussmann v Pharaon_ were adeptly and succinctly explained in
the subsequent but unrelated case of _Internaut Shipping GmbH, Sphinx
Navigation Limited of Liberia v Fercometal Sarl_ [2003] EWCA Civ 812 (“
_Internaut v Fercometal_ ”), as follows. Hussmann (Europe) Ltd (“Hussmann”)
claimed arbitration against its contract partner, Mr Pharaon trading as Al
Ameen Development and Trade Establishment (“the Establishment”), a business
name registered in Saudi Arabia. Since the contract, Mr Pharaon had
incorporated his business under a very similar name, _viz_ , Al Ameen
Development & Trade Co (“the Company”), which led to substantial confusion.
Hussmann’s claim to arbitration and pleadings both defined the respondent in
terms which were a mixture of the Establishment and the Company. The English
Court of Appeal had to construe this definition and held that it was a
reference to the Establishment: after all, that had been the name of the
contract party. In the course of the arbitration, however, Hussmann received
advice from a Saudi Arabian lawyer that the Establishment had been deleted
from the register (which it had) and had ceased to exist (which it had not,
since Mr Pharaon of course continued to exist). This advice led Hussmann to
desire to clarify the status of the respondent in the arbitration and to seek
to amend its pleadings to make it clear that the respondent was indeed Mr
Pharaon (trading as the Establishment). The respondent, however, who was also
a counterclaimant for a sum larger than the claim against it, opposed the
application, insisting that it was the Company and requesting an award in the
name of the Company. The arbitral tribunal refused the amendment and made its
first award in the name of the Company (“the First Award”). Thomas J held in
_Hussmann (Europe) Ltd v Al Ameen Development & Trade Co_ [2000] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
83 that the tribunal had been in error in treating the Company as the
respondent. Mr Pharaon (the Establishment) then sought to enforce the First
Award in his own name. The matter returned to court, and in a second judgment
Thomas J held that the First Award had to be set aside as having been made
without jurisdiction. An order was then drawn up holding that the First Award
was “of no effect”. The reference thereafter reverted to the arbitral
tribunal, who made a second award (“the Second Award”), this time in favour of
Mr Pharaon (the Establishment). The matter then returned a third time to
court, with Hussmann attacking the Second Award as having been made without
jurisdiction on the ground that the arbitral tribunal had become _functus
officio_ after making the First Award. On this occasion Mr Michael Brindle QC,
sitting as a deputy High Court judge, held that the Second Award was valid. It
was this third judgment which went on appeal to the English Court of Appeal,
and was upheld there.

53 The English Court of Appeal ultimately addressed two issues: (a) who was
respondent to the arbitration; and (b) was the arbitral tribunal _functus
officio_? As to the first issue, the court found that the Establishment was
Hussmann’s contract partner and there was therefore a strong inference that
Hussmann intended to make the Establishment the respondent to its application
for arbitration and to the reference. As the arbitration had started as one
against Mr Pharaon, that position never changed. As to the second issue, the
court first observed that there did not appear to be any difference of
principle between an order of setting aside and a declaration of no effect
(only the latter had been handed down). The court then opined as follows (at
[83]):

If, in the present case, the arbitrators had merely made an award as to their
jurisdiction (to make an award against or in favour of the Company), but had
not entered on the merits, we do not see how it could possibly be argued that
the setting aside of that award, or its being declared of no effect, could
deprive the arbitrators of jurisdiction to make a final award on the merits,
if they were in a position to do so. We do not consider that the present
situation, where they have gone on to make an award on the merits … alters the
principle. _A valid final award on the merits will of course exhaust the
arbitrators’ jurisdiction, subject to any remission from the courts; but we
can see no good reason in principle why an invalid final award_ , **_in excess
of jurisdiction_** _, should lead to the same result, when once that award has
been declared of no effect by the courts_. [emphasis in the original omitted;
emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The court accordingly dismissed Hussmann’s appeal.

54 LCSC contends that _Hussmann v Pharaon_ should be distinguished, and that
its _ratio decidendi_ should be confined to a case where the original award is
set aside on the ground of excess of jurisdiction. Such an interpretation is
not entirely untenable. A plain reading of the relevant parts of the court’s
decision (see the preceding paragraph) yields only the limited proposition
that an invalid final award on the merits, made in excess of jurisdiction,
does not necessarily exhaust the arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction. It is clear
that _Hussmann v Pharaon_ does not attempt to cast a wider net. It does not,
for example, purport to set out the position where an award is set aside for
procedural irregularities such as on the ground of a breach of the rules of
natural justice. In fact, the English Court of Appeal explicitly recognised
that there are instances where, because of the misconduct of arbitrators, the
court has decided to set aside and not remit an award, thereby indicating
their intention that the parties should pursue their dispute before new
arbitrators (at [80]).

55 I further note that alleged breaches of natural justice can take numerous
and diverse forms. I would accordingly be very wary to assume that in all
successful applications for setting aside on such grounds, the jurisdiction of
the arbitral tribunal is automatically revived. Even the English position, by
way of example, does not appear to support such an assumption. Under s 68(3)
of the Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (“the English Act”), which deals with
challenges on the ground of serious irregularity (somewhat akin to challenges
on the ground of breach of natural justice), the court can set aside an award
if it is satisfied that “it would be inappropriate to remit the matters in
question to the tribunal for reconsideration”. Remittance of the relevant
matters to the same tribunal for reconsideration (much less remittance of the
award _carte blanche_) is by no means inevitable or automatic.

56 It is also telling that, upon an application under s 67 of the English Act,
which deals with challenges to substantive jurisdiction (under which the
challenge to the Second Award in _Hussmann v Pharaon_ was brought), the court
has no express power to remit an award to the arbitral tribunal. In contrast,
remission is intended to be the preferred remedy following successful
applications under ss 68 (dealing with challenges on the ground of serious
irregularity) and 69 (dealing with appeals on questions of law) of the English
Act. In respect of applications under ss 68 and 69, an English court is
prohibited by ss 68(3) and 69(7) respectively to exercise its powers to set
aside or to declare an award to be of no effect unless it is satisfied that
“it would be inappropriate to remit the matters in question to the tribunal
for reconsideration”. This was acknowledged in _Hussmann v Pharaon_ (at [82])

It is true that there is no express power to remit under section 67(3)
(compare section 68(3)(a)). However, on the basis of the principle which we
have preferred, there would appear to be no need of such a power: the
arbitration merely carries on or revives as necessary.

57 In my opinion, it is highly probable that the result in _Hussmann v
Pharaon_ can be confined even further to its peculiar facts. There, the
attempt by the respondent to identify itself with the Company was opposed by
the claimant, Hussmann. Nevertheless, the arbitral tribunal was misled by the
confusion into making the First Award in the name of the Company. That could
not be said to be a “mere misnomer” so allowing the First Award to be enforced
(by amendment) in the name of Mr Pharaon. Thereafter, the First Award turned
out to be a nullity as the Company was found never to have been a party to the
reference. Rather, the arbitration had in fact been commenced against Mr
Pharaon (the Establishment) as respondent, and this had never changed (see
_Hussmann v Pharaon_ at [75]):

We accept the submission, as Mr Brindle did below, that if the reference began
life with Mr Pharaon as a respondent to it, that position never changed.
Hussmann always pursued an award against its contract party. It never
submitted that Mr Pharaon, if he had become a respondent to the reference,
abandoned his role in the arbitration, or resigned from it (if indeed he could
do so unilaterally), or abandoned or withdrew his counterclaim. There was no
submission before the tribunal at the time of the submissions leading to the
second award… . Nor is there any sign in the third judgment that such an
argument was raised before Mr Brindle.

On the facts, whilst the arbitration had in fact been commenced by Hussmann
against Mr Pharaon (the Establishment), the arbitral tribunal had failed to
discharge its mandate to decide the relevant issues _vis-à-vis_ these parties
(the correct parties to the arbitration). In my judgment, therefore, _Hussmann
v Pharaon_ falls within Situation 3 (as defined above at [49]), _viz_ , that
the First Award was issued “beyond power” (having been made _vis-à-vis_ the
wrong parties), but the arbitral tribunal nevertheless had jurisdiction under
the arbitration agreement to decide the issue (_vis-à-vis_ the correct
parties). It was therefore obvious that the tribunal retained the power to
make the Second Award.

58 In my view, as an English court has no express power under the legislation
to remit the relevant issues to the arbitral tribunal after a successful
challenge to substantive jurisdiction under s 67 of the English Act (see above
at [56]), the result in _Hussmann v Pharaon_ could well have been a practical
way of overcoming this particular “handicap”. I surmise (though this is
perhaps somewhat speculative) that s 67 of the English Act was perhaps
intended to deal with cases falling under Situation 2 (described above at
[48]), _viz_ , where an arbitral award has been issued “beyond power” in the
sense that the tribunal _lacks jurisdiction_ to deal with the dispute (or
discrete issues in the award). In that sense, it is not surprising that there
is no express power to remit under s 67 of the English Act, since in such
situations the tribunal would not have the jurisdiction to carry on to deal
with the dispute or the relevant matters. However, the situation in _Hussmann
v Pharaon_ was different (and, indeed, highly unusual).

59 The somewhat similar but unrelated case of _Internaut v Fercometal_ is also
instructive. This case related to a claim for demurrage under a voyage charter
of a vessel. The charter was made between Fercometal Sarl (“Fercometal”) as
charterer and “Sphinx Navigation [registered owner], c/o Internaut Shipping
[disponent owner]”, but the charterparty form was signed as “owner” by
Internaut Shipping GmbH (“Internaut”) without qualification. Internaut started
arbitral proceedings as owner against Fercometal on the demurrage claim, but
the points of claim as subsequently served by its lawyers were in the name of
Sphinx Navigation Limited of Liberia (“Sphinx”). The courts had to decide as a
preliminary issue the party or parties to the charter and to the arbitration.
The English Court of Appeal unanimously upheld the Commercial Court ruling
that: (a) the signature on the face of a charterparty is determinative as to
the “owner” for the purposes of the contract; and (b) Internaut, but not
Sphinx, was a party to the charter and the original arbitration. It further
held that the arbitral tribunal could not permit the points of claim to be
amended by substituting Internaut for Sphinx. The court accordingly held the
arbitration to be a nullity so far as it was conducted in Sphinx’s name, but
that it survived in respect of Internaut. The future conduct of the
arbitration was a matter for the arbitral tribunal to determine. In
particular, Rix LJ held (at [88] and [90]):

Once the decision has been taken that the identification (and acceptance) of
Sphinx as the arbitrating party goes beyond a case of mere misnomer, then it
seems to me that the consequence must be that the further conduct of the
arbitration in the name of a claimant who was never in truth a party to the
charterparty or to the arbitration agreement was a nullity, and it is for this
court to say so. **_Sphinx therefore never had any possible role to play in
the arbitration_** , and cannot ratify what has been done in its name. The
arbitrators, in declining to deal with Internaut’s (and/or Sphinx’s)
application to amend and/or join Internaut, showed a proper
caution**.****_However, it has been established that the arbitration was in
fact invoked and commenced by and on behalf of Internaut. Such an arbitration
is valid, and has not been concluded. It is therefore still in being. It
survives the wreckage of Internaut’s nest. Thus the second arbitration invoked
by Internaut in December 2000 may well not be needed._** That, however,
depends on what happens to the original arbitration. It is possible, although
I am not to be taken in any way as suggesting that that would be a sound
course, that Fercometal may raise arguments before the tribunal which would
echo arguments canvassed in Hussmann. If so, those would be for the
arbitrators to deal with. The status of the third arbitrator will also have to
be considered.

I am somewhat reluctant to come to these conclusions because they have the
consequence that all that has occurred in the arbitration to date may have
been wasted, and the parties have in effect to start again. It seems to me,
nevertheless, that that is the necessary, proper, and ultimately safest
course. **_Now that Internaut has been shown to be the correct party as owner
under the charterparty, the dispute between the parties, if it is to proceed,
can emerge in its proper light; the issues in the arbitration can now be
formulated with clarity; disclosure, if it has not already taken place, will
proceed on a sound footing; and the arbitrators will for the first time be
afforded a proper view of the dispute_** _._ In the meantime, of course, a lot
of effort has been wasted, although it may be that some of what has been done,
albeit formally ineffective, will not have been worthless. …

[emphasis added]

Though no arbitral award was issued on the facts of _Internaut v Fercometal_
(the court had considered the matter as a preliminary question), it may be
surmised that any award potentially issued as between Sphinx and Fercometal
would be “beyond power” and a “nullity”, even though the arbitration commenced
in the name of the right party (_ie_ , Internaut) might still survive. This
brings the case squarely within Situation 3 as defined above (at [49]).

60 I note too that even if the result in _Hussmann v Pharaon_ (_viz_ , that an
arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction to decide the issues in an award is “revived”
following the setting aside of the award) is of _general_ application and is
_not_ confined to Situation 3 cases (as defined above at [49], it is unclear
to me whether such a result should be followed in Singapore. As noted in _Tang
Boon Jek Jeffrey v Tan Poh Leng Stanley_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 273 (at [37]), the
scheme under the Model Law (and, presumably, the Act) is quite different from
the English regime. For a start, the Model Law regime appears to be less
explicitly supportive of remission than the regime under the English Act.

61 I note that there is Australian authority to the effect that “if an award
is ordered to be wholly set aside, then absent any other indication in the
order, the award is deprived of all legal effect, the arbitrator reverts to
his status immediately before the award was determined, the arbitrator is no
longer _functus officio_ , and the arbitrator remains seized of the reference”
[emphasis added]: the court in _Alvaro v Temple_ (at [69]) on the earlier case
of _Re Scibilia & Lejo Holdings Pty Ltd Arbitration_ [1985] 1 Qd R 94 (“
_Scibilia_ ”). I note, however, that the court in _Scibilia_ had relied on the
very same quote from _Mustill and Boyd_ which was cited in _Hussmann v
Pharaon_ (extracted above at [36]) for this proposition without undertaking
any analysis of its own. Moreover, the court in _Alvaro v Temple_ subsequently
noted (at [70]) that “if there is any concern about the effect of setting
aside on its own, and if it is intended that the matter be returned to the
original arbitrator to be dealt with, it may be prudent, in addition, to order
remitter expressly”.

62 I observe that the academic authorities, where they consider at all the
effects of a successful challenge, propound the view that an arbitral tribunal
generally remains _functus officio_ after the setting aside of a final award.
In such a scenario, it appears that, assuming the arbitration agreement is
still effective, the party losing the challenge would have to commence new
arbitration proceedings and resubmit the dispute to arbitration. For example,
in Nigel Blackaby, Constantine Partasides, _et al_ , _Redfern and Hunter on
International Arbitration_ (Oxford University Press, 2009) at p 617, it is
stated that:

If the award has been set aside for procedural defects (for example, lack of
due process) the party who won the arbitration but lost the challenge is still
in an unenviable position. The arbitration agreement will usually (but not
always) still be effective. **_Providing the claim is not time-barred, the
dispute must be submitted to arbitration and the process started over
again_****.** This is a daunting prospect for even the most resilient
claimant. [emphasis added]

In Julian D M Lew, Loukas A Mistelis, _et al_ , _Comparative International
Commercial Arbitration_ (Kluwer Law International, 2003) at pp 679-681,
similar views were expressed:

After the award has been set aside the main question is whether the parties
are still bound by the arbitration agreement or whether the ousted
jurisdiction of state courts is revived. If a court decided that the
arbitration agreement is invalid the parties are no longer bound by it. If,
however, the award has been challenged on any procedural, jurisdictional or
substantive grounds the situation is different. In such circumstances the
question is whether or not a new arbitration can be started. …

If an award is set aside for reasons other than invalidity of the arbitration
agreement, the agreement would survive the award and the parties would still
be bound to have their disputes settled by arbitration. Often it will be a
case of remission of the matter or it may be a new arbitration before a new
tribunal.

In Michael Mcilwrath and John Savage, _International Arbitration and
Mediation: A Practical Guide_ (Kluwer Law International, 2010) at p 327, it
was stated:

A successful challenge will usually result in the award being ‘set aside’,
‘vacated’, or ‘annulled’, and therefore ceasing to exist, at least within the
jurisdiction of the court setting it aside. This effectively means the clock
goes back to before the arbitration began.

In Gary B Born, _International Commercial Arbitration_ (Kluwer Law
International, 2009) at pp 2698-2699, the author stated:

A further issue is what the effect of an annulment decision is on the parties'
arbitration agreement and the arbitral tribunal. With regard to the former,
the annulment of an award should have no effect on the parties' underlying
agreement to arbitrate. That agreement subsists even if an arbitral tribunal
engaged in procedural misconduct or manifestly misapplied the law.

**_With regard to the effect of annulment on the arbitrators, the short answer
will generally be that the tribunal is_** **functus officio** **_and an
annulment does not change this or bring the tribunal back into legal
existence_**. Unusually, the Swiss Law on Private International Law and Swiss
Cantonal Concordat provide that, when an award is annulled, it is remitted to
the former arbitral tribunal for further proceedings. This is not usually
advisable, however, and **_in most jurisdictions a new tribunal must be
constituted._** [emphasis added]

63 In my view, therefore, the relevant legal proposition stated in
_Halsbury’s_ at para 20.116 (quoted above at [36]) on the authority of
_Hussmann v Pharaon_ is not sound as a proposition of general principle. As I
observed (see above at [43]), the effect of an order setting aside an arbitral
award would depend on whether the award in question was made within power or
beyond power and, further, whether the tribunal had jurisdiction over the
dispute or matter by virtue of an underlying agreement to arbitrate.

Application of the law to the facts

64 I now turn to the relevant facts. As mentioned above (at [6]), the
Supplementary Award rendered on 21 September 2011 had been issued following
certain Orders of Court handed down by the High Court in OS 759/2010. It is to
be recalled that the Tribunal had previously rendered the Final Award in
favour of LCSC. Upon LWI’s successful appeal on questions of law against the
Final Order, the High Court had ordered _inter alia_ the following matters to
be remitted to the Tribunal for reconsideration pursuant to s 49(8)(_c_) of
the Act:

(a) whether LWI was entitled to liquidated damages for a specified period; and

(b) the costs of the arbitration.

The High Court’s orders therefore had the effect of either extending or
reviving the jurisdiction of the Tribunal to decide the above issues. Such
jurisdiction would clearly have included the Tribunal’s jurisdiction to grant
both post- and pre-award interest on the sums awarded, though this was not
explicitly stated.

65 In the Supplementary Award, the Tribunal found that LWI was entitled to
liquidated damages in the amount of $945,000 and ordered LCSC to pay LWI the
sum of $603,608.90 taking into account the sum of $341,391.10 previously
awarded to LCSC in the Final Award. The Tribunal also ordered LCSC to pay LWI
“simple interest at the rate of 5.33% p.a. on the sum of S$603,608.90 from the
date of this Supplementary Award”. Costs were to be fully borne by LCSC. As
seen from the foregoing, it is clear that the Supplementary Award was fully
intended by the Tribunal to deal with all remaining outstanding matters
following the remittance.

66 It is therefore clear that the Supplementary Award was intended to be a
“final” award disposing of all outstanding matters in the arbitration. This
was, of course, subject to the relevant provisions of s 43 of the Act
preserving the Tribunal’s powers to – in the circumstances and within the time
limits specified – correct any computational, clerical or typographical error
in the Supplementary Award, give an interpretation of a specific point of the
Supplementary Award or make an additional award as to claims presented during
the arbitral proceedings but omitted from the Supplementary Award. This
residual power was in fact exercised by the Tribunal within the prescribed
time limit (of 60 days from the issuance of the First Request) when it issued
the Additional Award on 20 October 2011 awarding pre-award interest in favour
of LWI (albeit without hearing LCSC). Upon the issuance of the Additional
Award, the Tribunal had decided all the issues to be decided and, in my
judgment, _the arbitral proceedings accordingly came to an end on 20 October
2011_. At this point, the Tribunal became _functus officio_ with respect to
the issues decided. However, unbeknownst to the Tribunal at the time, LCSC was
to bring a successful challenge to his decision in the Additional Award, which
culminated in the Court of Appeal’s affirmation of the setting aside of the
Additional Award on 18 October 2012. For ease of reference, the relevant chain
of events is summarised in the following diagram:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

67 For the reasons set out above (at [65] and [66]), I find that the
Tribunal’s jurisdiction to deal with LWI’s claim for pre-award interest
expired when he issued the Additional Award on 20 October 2011 (thereby
deciding all the issues to be decided). The arbitral proceedings accordingly
came to an end at that point. Moreover, the Tribunal’s jurisdiction to deal
with the relevant issue was not automatically “revived” when the Additional
Award was set aside on the ground of a breach of the rules of natural justice.
In particular, it is pertinent that the Court of Appeal in _L W Infrastructure
CA_ had declined to remit LWI’s claim for pre-award interest to the Tribunal
for re-consideration as the relevant arguments had not been fully canvassed
(see above at [9] and [24])).

68 Whilst not strictly before me, I observe that if the arbitration agreement
is still subsisting and there is no operative time bar, it would be up to LWI
to restart arbitral proceedings before a newly constituted tribunal (whether
comprising the same or a different arbitrator). As the Additional Award
dealing with the issue of pre-award interest has been set aside, the issue
would presumably be an open question between the parties, which LWI can
attempt to resubmit to arbitration.

Conclusion on the First Threshold Objection

69 For the reasons set out above, the Tribunal’s jurisdiction to deal with
LWI’s claim for pre-award interest expired when he issued the Additional Award
and this jurisdiction was not subsequently “revived” when the Additional Award
was set aside on the ground of a breach of the rules of natural justice. In
light of my conclusion, the questions of law referred by LWI cannot be said to
have arisen “in the course of the [arbitral] proceedings” or “in the course of
the reference”. Section 45 of the Act is therefore not applicable to the
present case. I therefore dismiss LWI’s application under s 45 of the Act.

The Second and Third Threshold Objections

70 Given my conclusion in relation to the First Threshold Objection, I do not
think it necessary to deal with the LCSC’s Second and Third Threshold
objections, _viz_ , that the said application under s 45 of the Act was filed
out of time and that LWI is abusing the s 45 process in bringing the said
application.

71 However, in deference to counsel’s arguments, I nevertheless provide brief
answers to the questions of law as formulated by LWI.

Issue 1(a): Whether, upon the setting aside of the Additional Award, the
proceedings are returned to the state that existed up to the moment
immediately preceding the making of the Additional Award, with the result that
the Tribunal remains seized of the reference

72 It is clear from the foregoing analysis that this question must be answered
in the negative. As noted, the Tribunal’s jurisdiction to deal with LWI’s
claim for pre-award interest expired when it issued the Additional Award and
there is moreover no persuasive authority for the proposition that this
jurisdiction was subsequently “revived” when the Additional Award was set
aside on the ground of a breach of the rules of natural justice.

Issue 1(b): Whether, regardless of the on-going proceedings in OS 988/2011,
the Tribunal’s jurisdiction to issue an additional award pursuant to the First
Request had lapsed on 16 December 2011, 60 days after the Tribunal’s receipt
of the First Request

73 As noted above (at [26] and [66]), the Tribunal had in fact exercised its
residual power under s 43(5) of the Act to make an additional award as to pre-
award interest within the prescribed time limit of 60 days from the issuance
of the First Request. At this point (_ie_ , 20 October 2011), its jurisdiction
to deal with the issue expired and was not to be subsequently “revived”. The
60 day time limit to issue an additional award thereafter simply became
irrelevant.

Issue 1(c): Whether, regardless of the on-going proceedings in OS 988/2011,
the Tribunal’s jurisdiction to extend time for the purposes of issuing an
additional award pursuant to the First Request had lapsed on 16 December 2011,
60 days after the Tribunal’s receipt of the First Request

74 Given my finding that the Tribunal’s jurisdiction to deal with the issue of
pre-award interest had been terminated permanently upon its issuance of the
Additional Award, this particular issue has been rendered nugatory (see above
at [26]).

Issue 2: Whether the time allowed for the Tribunal’s issuance of an additional
award pursuant to the First Request ought to be extended under s 36 of the Act

75 Given my finding that the Tribunal’s jurisdiction to deal with the issue of
pre-award interest had in fact expired upon its issuance of the Additional
Award (and was not to be subsequently “revived”), Issue 2 is irrelevant.

76 I therefore dismiss LWI’s application under s 36 of the Act.

Issue 3: Whether LWI was entitled to rely on s 21(9) of the Act to apply to
the Court to decide on a plea as a preliminary issue that the Tribunal has
jurisdiction

77 As noted above (at [14]), I allowed LWI’s application in SUM 2051/2013 for
“leave to amend the title of these proceedings, as stated in OS 29/2013” in
order to introduce another basis for their application, _viz_ s 21(9) of the
Act. Section 21(9) states:

**21.**

**…**

(9) If the arbitral tribunal rules —

(_a_) on a plea as a preliminary question that it has jurisdiction; or

(_b_) on a plea at any stage of the arbitral proceedings that it has no
jurisdiction,

any party may, within 30 days after having received notice of that ruling,
apply to the Court to decide the matter.

78 Given my finding that the arbitral proceedings had in fact terminated when
the Tribunal issued the Additional Award, the Tribunal’s letter dated 14
December 2012 (extracted above at [12]) stating that it lacked jurisdiction is
neither a ruling “on a plea as a preliminary question that it has
jurisdiction” nor a ruling on “a plea at any stage of the arbitral proceedings
that it has no jurisdiction”. Accordingly, it was not open to LWI to apply to
the Court under s 21(9) of the Act to decide the issue of the Tribunal’s
jurisdiction.

79 In any case, SUM 2051/2013 was a futile application as the Tribunal’s
jurisdiction to deal with the issue of pre-award interest had in fact expired
permanently on the issuance of the Additional Award.

Conclusion

80 For the foregoing reasons, I dismiss the present application under OS
29/2013 in its entirety with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

