Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Eng Hong _v_ Attorney-General  
[2013] SGHC 199

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 994 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ravi (L F Violet Netto) for the plaintiff; Aedit
Abdullah SC, Jeremy Yeo Shenglong and Sherlyn Neo Xiulin (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tan Eng Hong — Attorney-General  
  
2 October 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

Introduction

1 In these proceedings, Originating Summons No 994 of 2010 (“OS 994”), the
plaintiff, Tan Eng Hong (“the Plaintiff”), seeks to challenge the
constitutionality of s 377A of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the
Penal Code”) on the grounds that it infringes his rights to: (a) life and
personal liberty; and (b) equality before the law and equal protection of the
law under Arts 9(1) and 12(1) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the Constitution”) respectively. These Articles
will hereafter be referred to as “Art 9(1)” and “Art 12(1)” for short.

2 There are two earlier decisions which have a bearing on this case. The
first, _Tan Eng Hong v Attorney-General_ [2012] 4 SLR 476 (“ _Tan Eng Hong
(Standing)_ ”), is the Court of Appeal’s decision on a striking-out
application earlier in the lifespan of these proceedings. The second, _Lim
Meng Suang and another v Attorney-General_ [2013] 3 SLR 118 (“ _Lim Meng
Suang_ ”), is my decision in another application concerning the
constitutionality of s 377A where I held that s 377A was not inconsistent with
Art 12(1).

The facts

3 The facts relevant to OS 994 have already been set out in _Tan Eng Hong
(Standing)_ , but I shall briefly summarise below the essential facts to
provide the necessary context to the legal issues discussed in this judgment.

4 On 9 March 2010, the Plaintiff and another male were arrested for engaging
in oral sex in a toilet cubicle inside Citylink Mall, an underground public
shopping mall. The Plaintiff was charged on 2 September 2010 under s 377A of
the Penal Code (“s 377A”). Section 377A reads:

**377A**. Any _male person_ who, in _public or private_ , commits, or abets
the commission of, or procures or attempts to procure the commission by any
_male person of, any act of gross indecency with another male person_ , shall
be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 2 years.

[emphasis added]

5 On 24 September 2010, the Plaintiff commenced these proceedings challenging
the constitutionality of s 377A. One of the prayers sought by the Plaintiff
was for the s 377A charge brought against him to be declared void.

6 Shortly after this, the Prosecution substituted the s 377A charge against
the Plaintiff with a charge under s 294(_a_) of the Penal Code (“s 294(_a_)”)
for the commission of an obscene act in a public place. Section 294(_a_)
reads:

**294.** Whoever, to the annoyance of others —

(_a_) does any obscene act in any public place; or

(_b_) sings, recites or utters any obscene song, ballad or words in or near
any public place,

shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 3 months,
or with fine, or with both.

7 The defendant in OS 994, the Attorney-General (“the Defendant”), then
applied via Summons No 5063 of 2010 to strike out OS 994 pursuant to O 18 r 19
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) and/or the inherent
jurisdiction of the court. At the hearing of the summons before the assistant
registrar (“the Assistant Registrar”), the Plaintiff abandoned his earlier
prayer in OS 994 for the s 377A charge against him to be declared void since
that charge had been substituted with a s 294(_a_) charge. On 7 December 2010,
the Assistant Registrar allowed the Defendant’s application and struck out OS
994.

8 The Plaintiff appealed against the Assistant Registrar’s decision via
Registrar’s Appeal No 488 of 2010 (“RA 488”). He also pleaded guilty to the
substituted charge under s 294(_a_), and was accordingly convicted and fined
$3,000. On 15 March 2011, RA 488 was dismissed by the High Court judge in _Tan
Eng Hong v Attorney-General_ [2011] 3 SLR 320. The Plaintiff then appealed via
Civil Appeal No 50 of 2011 (“CA 50”) against the decision of the High Court
judge.

9 On 27 September 2011, the Court of Appeal heard CA 50, and on 21 August
2012, it handed down its decision in _Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_. The Court of
Appeal distilled (at [18] of _Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_) the various issues
canvassed before it as follows:

(a) Does [the Plaintiff] have a reasonable cause of action under Art 4, given
that, on the face of it, Art 4 only applies to “any law enacted by the
Legislature after the commencement of this Constitution” (“Issue 1”)? …

(b) Is the test for _locus standi_ in applications involving constitutional
rights different from, and less strict than, the test for _locus standi_ laid
down in [_Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R)
112] (“the _Karaha Bodas_ test”) (“Issue 2”)? The following sub-issues were
raised under this issue:

(i) whether a subsisting prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional law
is a necessary element to found _locus standi_ to challenge the
constitutionality of that law; and

(ii) if there is no need for an actual subsisting prosecution under the
allegedly unconstitutional law to found _locus standi_ , whether there is at
least a need for a real and credible threat of prosecution, or whether the
very existence of the allegedly unconstitutional law in the statute books
suffices.

(c) Has the applicable test for _locus standi_ (as determined in Issue 2) been
satisfied on the facts, _ie_ , does [the Plaintiff] have _locus standi_ to
bring [OS 994] (“Issue 3”)? The following sub-issues were raised under this
issue:

(i) whether any constitutional rights are at stake in the instant case; and

(ii) whether [the Plaintiff]’s constitutional rights were violated on the
facts.

(d) Do the facts of the present case raise any real controversy to be
adjudicated (“Issue 4”)?

10 In short, the Court of Appeal found that the Plaintiff had _locus standi_
to make the application in OS 994, and that the case raised a real controversy
to be adjudicated. The Court of Appeal accordingly allowed CA 50. The appeal
having been allowed, I heard OS 994 on 6 March 2013.

Preliminary issues

The presence of academics in chambers during the hearing

11 At the start of the hearing, Mr M Ravi (“Mr Ravi”), counsel for the
Plaintiff, applied for permission for Assistant Professor Jack Lee (“Asst Prof
Lee”) from the Singapore Management University’s School of Law and Assistant
Professor Lynette Chua (“Asst Prof Chua”) from the Law Faculty, National
University of Singapore, to sit in for the hearing. Both Asst Prof Lee and
Asst Prof Chua were part of Mr Ravi’s legal team and had assisted him with OS
994. This was similar to an application made during the hearing of _Lim Meng
Suang_ by the counsel for the plaintiffs in that case.

12 No objections to this application were raised by Mr Aedit Abdullah SC (“Mr
Abdullah SC”), counsel for the Defendant. I accordingly allowed both Asst Prof
Lee and Asst Prof Chua to sit in during the hearing. As in _Lim Meng Suang_ ,
I felt that they would be able to make valuable contributions to the hearing
via Mr Ravi.

The further hearing on 16 April 2013

13 After I delivered my judgment in _Lim Meng Suang_ , I called for the
parties to see me in chambers on 16 April 2013. I informed the parties that I
had released the judgment in _Lim Meng Suang_ , and that I would give them two
weeks or such further time as they might require to submit further arguments,
if they so wished, on any other points in the light of their analysis of my
reasoning in _Lim Meng Suang_. I specifically informed the parties that they
could submit that I was wrong on any of the points decided in _Lim Meng Suang_
in order to persuade me that I should arrive at a different conclusion in the
present case. I also informed the parties that they were not constrained by
anything they had previously submitted at the hearing before me on 6 March
2013.

14 Both Mr Ravi and Mr Abdullah SC declined to tender further arguments; they
informed me that they stood by their earlier submissions and did not have any
further arguments or additional submissions to make.

The issues to be decided in OS 994

15 Important to my decision here are the Court of Appeal’s findings in _Tan
Eng Hong (Standing)_ on the _locus standi_ issue. Although the Court of Appeal
stressed (at [3] of _Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_) that it was not deciding the
substantive merits of OS 994, it nevertheless decided that the mere
_existence_ of s 377A in the statute books did not engage, much less offend,
the Plaintiff’s rights under Arts 9(1) and 14 of the Constitution: see _Tan
Eng Hong (Standing)_ at [120]–[121] and [128]–[130]. However, the Court of
Appeal also stated that _if_ s 377A were found to be unconstitutional, the
Plaintiff’s rights under Art 9(1) would be “engaged _on the facts of this
case_ as [he] was purportedly arrested and detained under s 377A” [emphasis in
original] (see _Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_ at [122]). In other words, the Court
of Appeal held that if s 377A was indeed unconstitutional for inconsistency
with Art 12(1), it meant that the Plaintiff’s Art 9(1) rights were violated by
his arrest and detention under s 377A.

16 The Court of Appeal framed the issues in controversy in OS 994 as being
(see _Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_ at [185]):

Whether s 377A violates Art 12 in terms of:

(a) whether the classification [adopted in s 377A] is founded on an
intelligible differentia; and

(b) whether the differentia bears a rational relation to the object sought to
be achieved by s 377A.

The above test for determining the constitutionality of s 377A (and, for that
matter, any other law) will hereafter be referred to as “the ‘reasonable
classification’ test”.

17 Notwithstanding that the Court of Appeal in _Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_
framed the issues in controversy as relating to Art 12(1), Mr Ravi raised a
further argument at the hearing before me, _viz_ , that s 377A did not even
meet the minimum requirements to qualify as “law” for the purposes of Arts
9(1) and 12(1) as the nature and/or operation of s 377A was contrary to the
fundamental rules of natural justice.

18 It is useful at this juncture to reproduce Arts 9(1) and 12(1) to better
appreciate the context in which this argument was made:

**9.** —(1) No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty save
in accordance with _law_.

…

**12.** —(1) All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal
protection of the _law_.

…

[emphasis added]

19 Accordingly, the issues raised by Mr Ravi for my decision are as follows:

(a) whether a law which does not observe the fundamental rules of natural
justice is unconstitutional for being inconsistent with Arts 9(1) and 12(1),
and if so, whether the nature and/or operation of s 377A in fact contravenes
the fundamental rules of natural justice (“the Natural Justice Issue”); and

(b) whether s 377A fails the “reasonable classification” test and is
consequently in violation of Art 12(1) (“the Art 12(1) Issue”).

20 I am compelled to consider the Natural Justice Issue because Mr Ravi has
framed this issue in such a way that it does not fall outside the litigation
boundary delineated by the Court of Appeal in _Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_. It
will be recalled that the Court of Appeal found that _if_ s 377A was void for
violating the right to equality before the law and equal protection of the law
under Art 12(1) and therefore unconstitutional, the Plaintiff’s rights under
Art 9(1) would be engaged on the facts of this particular case since his
arrest and detention under s 377A had deprived him of his personal liberty.

21 Mr Ravi’s argument on the Natural Justice Issue proceeds on the premise
that _all_ laws enacted by Parliament must pass muster under the fundamental
rules of natural justice. Laws that fail to do so will not be “law” for the
purposes of Arts 9(1) and 12(1). Therefore, if s 377A is found to contravene
the fundamental rules of natural justice and is, accordingly, not “law”, the
Plaintiff’s arrest and detention under that section would have resulted in a
deprivation of his personal liberty in a manner which was not justified by any
law, and would have been unconstitutional. It also bears mention that an order
“that the Plaintiff’s arrest, investigations, detention and charge under
Section 377A are contrary to Article 9”[note: 1] was specifically prayed for
by the Plaintiff, even after OS 994 was amended on 17 December 2012 after the
decision in _Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_ was delivered. I note, for completeness,
that Mr Abdullah SC did not object to Mr Ravi raising the Natural Justice
Issue.

Analysis of the Natural Justice Issue

Mr Ravi’s submissions

22 Mr Ravi made four broad submissions in respect of the Natural Justice
Issue:

(a) Mr Ravi’s first argument, upon which his next three arguments are
predicated, is that the formal validity of an Act of Parliament which deprives
a person of his or her right of liberty or equal protection of the law under
Arts 9(1) and 12(1) respectively must, apart from being formally valid, comply
with the fundamental rules of natural justice for it to be
constitutional.[note: 2]

(b) Mr Ravi’s second argument is that s 377A actively undermines access to
justice in two situations: first, where a male is forced to have non-
consensual sexual intercourse with another male; and secondly, where a male
suffers domestic abuse by his male partner. In the former situation, the
language of s 377A makes the consenting male and the non-consenting male
equally guilty of an act of gross indecency. In the latter situation, the
victim of abuse in seeking legal help might be fearful of conviction under s
377A in respect of previously committed acts of gross indecency with his
partner (if proven). The victims in such situations are severely dis-
incentivised from reporting the incidents to the police.[note: 3] Section 377A
therefore creates a class of victims who are most in need of – but are yet
discouraged from accessing – the law’s protection. It is therefore contrary to
the fundamental rules of natural justice.

(c) Mr Ravi’s third argument is that s 377A is patently vague because it is
impossible on the plain wording of the provision to know what is meant by
“gross indecency”. Section 377A is therefore “inherently unintelligible” and
amounts to a breach of the fundamental principles of natural justice, which
demands certainty and predictability, amongst other precepts.[note: 4]

(d) Mr Ravi’s fourth and last argument is that s 377A, by criminalising a
natural and immutable attribute, is absurd and entirely arbitrary. Citing a
string of what he called “comparative constitutional jurisprudence”, Mr Ravi
submitted that sexual orientation is and has been recognised by various
courts, professional medical organisations, ex-gay leaders and governments as
a natural and immutable attribute which a person does not have conscious
choice over. Thus, s 377A is analogous to laws which criminalise individuals
merely for having blue eyes, or being 1.67m tall, or being left-handed. Such
laws, Mr Ravi argues, are patently absurd and therefore contrary to the
fundamental rules of natural justice.[note: 5]

My decision

23 Although the Plaintiff’s case on the Natural Justice Issue brought to the
fore many fundamental questions of constitutional law, Mr Ravi’s submissions
on this issue were surprisingly brief. They nevertheless presented the
following questions:

(a) whether the meaning of “law” under Arts 9(1) and 12(1) of the Constitution
includes the fundamental rules of natural justice;

(b) if question (a) is answered in the affirmative, what the applicable
fundamental rules of natural justice are; and

(c) whether any of the applicable fundamental rules of natural justice
determined in (b) above are breached by the nature and/or operation of s 377A.

Does the meaning of “law” under Arts 9(1) and 12(1) include the fundamental
rules of natural justice?

24 Mr Ravi submitted that the “formal validity of an Act of Parliament is not
sufficient to constitutionally deprive the Plaintiff of personal liberty under
Article 9(1), or to accord the Plaintiff equal protection under Article
12(1)”.[note: 6] On its own, there is nothing controversial with this
proposition. As Mr Ravi pointed out, this was stated by Lord Diplock in the
seminal Privy Council case of _Ong Ah Chuan v Public Prosecutor_ [1979]–[1980]
SLR(R) 710 (“ _Ong Ah Chuan_ ”) at [24]–[25]:

24 Accordingly their Lordships are unable to accept the narrow view of the
effect of Arts 9(1) and 12(1) for which counsel for the Public Prosecutor
contended. This was that since “written law” is defined in Art 2(1) to mean
“this Constitution and all Acts and Ordinances and subsidiary legislation for
the time being _in force_ in Singapore” and “law” is defined as including
“written law”, the requirements of the Constitution are satisfied if the
deprivation of life or liberty complained of has been carried out in
accordance with provisions contained in any Act passed by the Parliament of
Singapore, however arbitrary or contrary to fundamental rules of natural
justice the provisions of such Act may be …

25 Even on the most literalist approach to the construction of the
Constitution this argument in their Lordships’ view involves the logical
fallacy of _petitio principii_. The definition of “written law” includes
provisions of [any] Act passed by the Parliament of Singapore only to the
extent that they are “for the time being _in force_ in Singapore”; and Art 4
provides that “any law enacted by the Legislature after the commencement of
this Constitution which is inconsistent with this Constitution shall, to the
extent of the inconsistency, be void”. **So the use of the expression “law” in
Arts 9(1) and 12(1) does not, in the event of challenge, relieve the court of
its duty to determine whether the provisions of an Act of Parliament passed
after 16 September 1963 and relied upon to justify depriving a person of his
life or liberty are inconsistent with the Constitution and consequently
void.**

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

25 Importantly for Mr Ravi’s argument, Lord Diplock went on (at [26] of _Ong
Ah Chuan_) to state that the references to “law” within Arts 9(1) and 12(1)
must include “fundamental rules of natural justice”:

In a Constitution founded on the Westminster model and particularly in that
part of it that purports to assure to all individual citizens the continued
enjoyment of fundamental liberties or rights, references to “law” in such
contexts as “in accordance with law”, “equality before the law”, “protection
of the law” and the like, in their Lordships’ view, _refer to a system of law
which incorporates those fundamental rules of natural justice that had formed
part and parcel of the common law of England that was in operation in
Singapore at the commencement of the Constitution_. It would have been taken
for granted by the makers of the Constitution that the “law” to which citizens
could have recourse for the protection of fundamental liberties assured to
them by the Constitution would be a system of law that did not flout those
fundamental rules. If it were otherwise it would be misuse of language to
speak of law as something which affords “protection” for the individual in the
enjoyment of his fundamental liberties, and the purported entrenchment (by Art
5) of Arts 9(1) and 12(1) would be little better than a mockery. [emphasis
added]

This proposition was accepted by the Court of Appeal in _Yong Vui Kong v
Attorney-General_ [2011] 2 SLR 1189 at [101].

26 Notwithstanding, Mr Ravi has, with respect, adopted the judgment of Lord
Diplock on the meaning of “law” incorrectly. Any interpretation of or reliance
on Lord Diplock’s references to “law” in the various contexts mentioned in
_Ong Ah Chuan_ must be treated with some care. On a plain reading of the
wording of Arts 9(1) and 12(1), a distinction must be made between how “law”
is used in each of these constitutional provisions. In Art 9(1), where _a_ law
sanctions the deprivation of life or personal liberty, such deprivation is
justified. Conversely, where _that_ law is subsequently found to be invalid
law for the purposes of the Constitution, then any deprivation of life or
personal liberty carried out pursuant to that “law” would be in breach of Art
9(1). “Law” in Art 9(1) is the source of both the deprivation of life or
personal liberty _and_ the guarantee of fundamental liberties: “[n]o person
shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty save in accordance with
law”. Lord Diplock adopted this usage of “law” – with special emphasis on the
latter – in his analysis of Art 9(1), as is evident in _Ong Ah Chuan_ at [25],
which bears repeating:

… So the use of the expression “law” in Arts 9(1) and 12(1) does not, in the
event of challenge, relieve the court of its duty to determine whether the
_provisions of an Act of Parliament_ passed after 16 September 1963 and relied
upon to justify depriving a person of his life or liberty are inconsistent
with the Constitution and consequently void. [emphasis added]

27 The use of “law” in Art 12(1) is slightly different. Under Art 12(1), a law
must adhere to the standard of equality: “[a]ll persons are equal before the
law and entitled to the equal protection of the law”. Unlike in Art 9(1),
“law” as used in Art 12(1) does not refer to any specific law; the protection
or deprivation (as the case may be) of the right to equality does not _depend_
on the validity of _a law_. Instead, the source of the right to equality under
Art 12(1) is Art 12(1) itself. “Law” in Art 12(1) does not have any normative
content that is independent from the substantive right accorded under the
phrases “equal before the law” and “equal protection of the law”.

28 It would be incorrect to import into the word “law” in Art 12(1) a
requirement that the “law” in question must be in accordance with the
fundamental rules of natural justice. The jurisprudence on Art 12(1) makes it
clear that the mere formal enactment of a law may contravene the equal
protection afforded under Art 12(1) if that law fails the “reasonable
classification” test: _Public Prosecutor v Taw Cheng Kong_ [1998] 2 SLR(R)
489; _Nguyen Tuong Van v Public Prosecutor_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 103 (“ _Nguyen
Tuong Van_ ”); _Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor_ [2010] 3 SLR 489 (“ _Yong
Vui Kong (MDP)_ ”); and _Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_. I adopted the same approach
in _Lim Meng Suang_. Indeed, in _Ong Ah Chuan_ , after the Privy Council’s
comments on the fundamental rules of natural justice, the board went on
further to discuss whether the differentiation made by the statutory provision
in that case (_viz_ , the imposition of a capital penalty upon the class of
individuals who trafficked in 15g of heroin or more and the imposition of a
non-capital penalty on the class of individuals who trafficked in less than
15g of heroin) was inconsistent with Art 12(1) according to the “reasonable
classification” test. To say that “law” as used in Art 12(1) must adhere to
the fundamental rules of natural justice is to impute into Art 12(1) an
additional layer, namely, that Art 12(1) provides for not only equality before
the law and equal protection of the law, but also something more. However,
this is either superfluous or untenable. As pointed out by Professor A J
Harding (“Prof Harding”) in his article “Natural Justice and the Constitution”
(1981) 23 Mal L Rev 226 at p 235:

_A law, if considered under Article 12(1), must either offend or not offend
that provision. If it offends, it is void under Article 4 so that any
incidental inconsistency with natural justice is immaterial_. _If it does not
offend, in the sense that it provides a reasonable classification having a
nexus with the purpose of the statute, can it be argued that it is still void
because it offends natural justice? Such an argument in my submission is
wrong, because it means that any law which does not offend Article 12(1)
because it does not involve unconstitutional discrimination can nonetheless be
void for inconsistency with natural justice_ ; **_in other words any Act of
Parliament whatsoever is open to being struck down on the ground that it
offends natural justice_**. This cannot have been the intention of the Privy
Council because such a position would render the lengthy discussion of the
scope of Article 9(1), which is the whole thrust of both the recent decisions
[of _Ong Ah Chuan_ and _Haw Tua Tau and others v Public Prosecutor_
[1981]–[1982] SLR(R) 133], totally irrelevant. I therefore conclude that Lord
Diplock has not fully appreciated the sweeping potential of his linkage of
equality with natural justice, and intended to refer to Article 12(1) only by
way of comparing its usage of the word law … [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

29 A law is either impermissibly discriminatory because it is found to
discriminate (_ie_ , it fails the “reasonable classification” test), or it is
not. It cannot be that although the differentiation made pursuant to a
particular law is permissible because the differentia adopted is intelligible
and bears a rational relation to the purpose of the legislation, that law is
at the same time unconstitutional for violating the fundamental rules of
natural justice, whose content may have nothing to do with equality. Reading
into Art 12(1) the additional requirement that “law” must be law which
conforms to the fundamental rules of natural justice would, as Prof Harding
has alluded to, run contrary or, at the very least, detract from the very
essence of Art 12(1), which is equality. It did not help that Mr Ravi’s
submissions, which bordered on the general, offered me little direction or
assistance in this regard.

30 To return to _Ong Ah Chuan_ , Lord Diplock’s population of “law” with the
notion of the fundamental rules of natural justice is more understandable in
the context of Art 9(1). This is because the purpose of Art 9(1), as the
jurisprudence has established consistently, is to guarantee that the
protection of life and personal liberty is taken seriously. If the mere act of
Parliament passing a law is sufficient to justify the deprivation of these
fundamental liberties, the constitutional guarantee of life and personal
liberty would offer very little assurance. As is patently clear from Lord
Diplock’s judgment in _Ong Ah Chuan_ (see [25] above), it is for this reason
that it is necessary and indeed obvious that “law” in the phrase “save in
accordance with law” in Art 9(1) connotes something _more_ than just the
existence of a formally valid legislative provision which deprives a person of
life and/or personal liberty. That “something _more_ ” is the fundamental
rules of natural justice. I think this construction of Art 9(1) must be right.

31 Accordingly, it is necessary for me to address this notion of the
fundamental rules of natural justice further. In my view, the authorities are
not definitive on a number of difficult aspects, in particular: (a) what is
the concept of the fundamental rules of natural justice in a constitutional
setting; and (b) what is the scope of the fundamental rules of natural
justice? The dearth of binding authority on these issues appears to indicate
some reluctance to venture forth into this unchartered territory, lest it
proves even worse than the metaphorical unruly horse.

32 Lord Diplock’s judgment in _Haw Tua Tau and others v Public Prosecutor_
[1981]–[1982] SLR(R) 133 (“ _Haw Tua Tau_ ”) suggests that the notion of the
fundamental rules of natural justice is an evolving concept (at [26]):

**Their Lordships recognise, too, that what may properly be regarded by
lawyers as rules of natural justice change with the times.** The procedure for
the trial of criminal offences in England at various periods between the
abolition of the Court of Star Chamber and High Commission in the 17th century
and the passing of the Criminal Evidence Act in 1898 involved practices,
particularly in relation to the trial of felonies, that nowadays would
unhesitatingly be regarded as flouting fundamental rules of natural justice.
Deprivation until 1836 of the right of the accused to legal representation at
his trial and, until 1898, of the right to give evidence on his own behalf are
obvious examples. Nevertheless, throughout all that period the rule that an
accused person could not be _compelled_ to submit to hostile interrogation
even in trials for misdemeanours, at which he was a competent witness on his
own behalf, remained intact; and if their Lordships had been of the opinion
that there was any substance in the argument that the effect of the amendments
made to the Criminal Procedure Code by Act 10 of 1976 was to create a genuine
_compulsion_ on the accused to submit himself at his trial to cross-
examination by the Prosecution, as distinguished from creating a strong
_inducement_ to him to do so, at any rate if he were innocent, their
Lordships, before making up their own minds, would have felt it incumbent on
them to seek the views of the Court of Criminal Appeal as to whether the
practice of treating the accused as not compellable to give evidence on his
own behalf had become so firmly based in the criminal procedure of Singapore
that it would be regarded there by lawyers as having evolved into a
fundamental rule of natural justice by 1963 when the Constitution came into
force. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

33 In this context, it is therefore not entirely surprising, considering the
lack of clarity with regard to the somewhat amorphous and nebulous concept of
the fundamental rules of natural justice, that there has been extremely
limited development of the scope of these rules in a constitutional setting.
In Thio Li-ann, _A Treatise on Singapore Constitutional Law_ (Academy
Publishing, 2012) (“ _Thio Li-ann_ ”), which is currently the most updated
textbook on Singapore constitutional law, Professor Thio Li-ann (“Prof Thio”)
observes (at para 12.022) that “[a]s far as the constitutional concept [of the
fundamental rules of natural justice] has developed, this relates largely to
the conduct of a fair trial”. Indeed, it seems that the fundamental rules of
natural justice have been left to “gradual or incremental development through
case by case exposition” (see _Thio Li-ann_ at para 12.024, and also generally
at paras 12.021–12.045).

34 I should state that while the Natural Justice Issue was one of the two key
planks of Mr Ravi’s case, it did not help that his submissions did not provide
substantive and substantial elaboration on the relevant points. Mr Abdullah SC
did not make any submissions on these issues. The fundamental rules of natural
justice recognised by the Privy Council in _Ong Ah Chuan_ and _Haw Tua Tau_ ,
the two apposite cases which delved into natural justice in a constitutional
context in some detail, are also irrelevant in the present case and did not
shed much light on the path which I should take. Indeed, Mr Ravi has not
referred to the rules recognised by the Privy Council in either case. Instead,
Mr Ravi submits that the fundamental rules of natural justice prohibit absurd
and arbitrary laws, while also ensuring that all legislation enacted adheres
to the rule of law.[note: 7] I shall deal with his submissions on absurd and
arbitrary laws and the rule of law in turn.

Absurd and arbitrary laws

35 In making his submission that the fundamental rules of natural justice
prohibit absurd and arbitrary laws, Mr Ravi relied heavily on _Yong Vui Kong
(MDP)_ , where then Chief Justice Chan Sek Keong suggested that the
fundamental rules of natural justice encompassed the notion that laws must not
be absurd or arbitrary (at [16]):

… However, beyond what was actually decided in _Ong Ah Chuan_ itself, it is
not clear what the Privy Council had in mind _vis-à-vis_ the kind of
legislation that would not qualify as “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1).
Perhaps, the Privy Council had in mind colourable legislation which purported
to enact a “law” as generally understood (_ie_ , a legislative rule of general
application), but which in effect was a legislative judgment, that is to say,
legislation directed at securing the conviction of particular known
individuals (see _Don John Francis Douglas Liyanage v The Queen_ [1967] 1 AC
259 at 291), or _legislation of so_** _absurd or arbitrary_** _a nature that
it could not possibly have been contemplated by our constitutional framers as
being “law” when they crafted the constitutional provisions protecting
fundamental liberties_ (_ie_ , the provisions now set out in Pt IV of the
Singapore Constitution). [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

36 It will be noticed that the Court of Appeal in _Yong Vui Kong (MDP)_
acknowledged that the Privy Council in _Ong Ah Chuan_ was not very clear in
explaining what kind of legislation would not qualify as “law” for the
purposes of Art 9(1). The Court of Appeal however, refrained from commenting
further on that issue other than to postulate two possible types of
legislation which the Privy Council might have had in mind: (a) legislation of
the type seen in _Don John Francis Douglas Liyanage v The Queen_ [1967] 1 AC
259, which was a piece of legislation aimed at securing the conviction of
particular individuals (_ie_ , legislation which was effectively legislative
judgment); or (b) laws that were absurd or arbitrary.

37 On the strength of _Yong Vui Kong (MDP)_ , which is a Court of Appeal
decision and therefore binding on me, there is merit in Mr Ravi’s proposition
that in order for a law to pass muster under the fundamental rules of natural
justice, it must not be arbitrary or absurd. What then is an arbitrary law?
When one speaks of a law as arbitrary, it would only make sense if one is
speaking of the law _in the context_ of its purpose. A law looked at in the
abstract may appear arbitrary. In _Yong Vui Kong (MDP)_ , one of the arguments
raised by the plaintiff’s counsel (who was incidentally, Mr Ravi) was that the
mandatory death penalty under the then Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev
Ed) (“MDA”) was arbitrary. The Court of Appeal addressed it this way (at
[86]):

We would add that, in so far as this limb of the Article 9(1) challenge rests
on the argument that the objectionable element in MDP legislation is the
absence of judicial discretion in imposing the punishment prescribed by law
(from the viewpoint that MDP legislation requires the courts to impose the MDP
in an arbitrary, absurd or mindless manner on different offenders regardless
of the different circumstances of each offender’s case), _it raises an issue
which is, in essence, no different from the question of whether MDP
legislation is consistent with the right under Art 12(1) of the Singapore
Constitution, ie, the right to equal protection of the law_. In other words,
Mr Ravi’s objection to the MDP provisions in the MDA on the ground that these
provisions are arbitrary and thus inconsistent with Art 12(1) overlaps with
the objection based on Art 9(1) (_viz_ , that Art 9(1) does not sanction an
arbitrary law that takes away an individual’s life). In the context of Art
9(1), the argument is that the MDP provisions in the MDA impose the MDP on
convicted drug traffickers in so arbitrary and absurd a manner that these
provisions cannot constitute “law”. In the context of Art 12(1), the argument
is that the MDP provisions in the MDA, which make the 15g differentia the only
criterion, to the exclusion of all other considerations, for determining
whether or not the MDP is to be imposed for trafficking in diamorphine, are
arbitrary and thus do not accord to convicted drug traffickers equal
protection of the law. We shall address this point below (at [111]–[119]) when
we consider the Art 12(1) challenge.

38 As it promised, the Court of Appeal went on to consider the arbitrariness
of the 15g trafficking threshold beyond which the death penalty would be
mandatory _within the context_ of the “reasonable classification” test. In
holding that the 15g threshold was not arbitrary, the Court of Appeal apart
from referring to the social object of the MDA also cited with approval (at
[112]) the following in _Ong Ah Chuan_ :

It is for the legislature to determine in the light of the information that is
available to it about the structure of the illicit drug trade in Singapore,
and the way in which it is carried on, where the appropriate quantitative
boundary lies between these two classes of dealers.

39 These points follow from the above. In so far as a law is challenged as
being inconsistent with Art 9(1) by being arbitrary, the assessment of
arbitrariness is directed at the purpose of the law. In _Yong Vui Kong (MDP)_
, the Court of Appeal considered the arbitrariness of the 15g threshold within
the legal matrix of the “reasonable classification” test. Even if there is
some basis to argue that the merger of the two challenges in that case was due
to the unique circumstances present there, and that there is reason to divorce
the two, I do not think that the outcome would be any different since the
focus in any event, is on the purported arbitrariness of the purpose of the
challenged provision.

40 To that end, as I explained in _Lim Meng Suang_ , s 377A is not arbitrary
for the purpose of Art 12(1) because the Legislature has articulated a clear
social purpose for which s 377A is its chosen and fitting mechanism for
implementation. The Legislature deemed the prevalence of grossly indecent acts
between males – whether in public or in private – a regrettable state of
affairs that was not desirable: _Lim Meng Suang_ at [67]–[68]. The Court of
Appeal in _Yong Vui Kong (MDP)_ did not think that there was a need to inquire
behind the Legislature’s prerogative for determining that 15g was the
appropriate threshold. Likewise, given that I have found in _Lim Meng Suang_
(at [119]–[129]) that the purpose of s 377A is not illegitimate, and Mr Ravi
declined to utilise the opportunity I had granted to him and Mr Abdullah SC to
address me on any further argument they might have after I had issued _Lim
Meng Suang_ , I do not see any justification for me to now find that s 377A is
arbitrary for the purpose of Art 9(1).

41 I turn then to Mr Ravi’s argument that s 377A is absurd because it targets
homosexual orientation, which is a natural and immutable attribute.

Whether s 377A is absurd because it targets homosexual orientation which is a
natural and immutable attribute

42 Whether homosexuality, as a form of sexual orientation, is a natural and
immutable attribute of a person is a factual question. Like all questions of
fact, it can only be resolved by evidence. I was mindful of this and, on 18
January 2013, informed the parties to provide all such evidence and supporting
scientific literature as was necessary for them to prove their respective
cases. Although s 59(2) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) permits me
to take judicial notice of appropriate documents on matters of science, given
the gravity of the matter and the contentious nature of Mr Ravi’s proposition
that homosexuality is a natural and immutable attribute, I have to be and was
extremely cautious about reviewing the material.

(1) Legal definition of “immutable”

43 Mr Ravi did not define the meaning of “immutable”. The plain and ordinary
meaning of “immutable”, according to the online _Oxford English Dictionary_ ,
is “unchanging over time or unable to be changed”. _Chambers Concise
Dictionary_ similarly states that “immutable” means “unchangeable” and
“changeless”. However, Mr Ravi’s use of the concept of immutability is for the
specific purpose of demonstrating an alleged breach of the Constitution. In
that context, “immutable” may carry other meanings. Indeed, the word appears
to have another dimension in US constitutional law jurisprudence. In
_Frontiero v Richardson_ 411 US 677 (1973), the US Supreme Court held (at 686)
that for a trait to be immutable, it must be “determined solely by the
accident of birth”. The same court also held in a subsequent case that the
possessor of an immutable attribute will be “powerless to escape or set aside”
the attribute: see _Regents of University of California v Bakke_ 438 US 265
(1978) at 360. This latter meaning accords with the dictionary meanings cited
above, _viz_ , unchanging or unable to be changed. These requirements are
eminently sensible, and I would interpret an immutable attribute for the
present purposes as one that is: (a) innate or inborn; _and_ (b) unchanging or
unable to be changed.

44 I do not think that Mr Ravi can have any quarrel with this definition of
immutability, unless the premise of his argument is _only_ that any attribute
that is “unchanging over time or unable to be changed” cannot be legislated
against; it does not matter that the attribute was not innate or inborn. I do
not understand his case to be so extreme. Indeed, the premise of this aspect
of the Plaintiff’s case under Art 9(1) is that laws which criminalise acts
that arise “purely out of an individual’s natural and immutable
characteristic”[note: 8] are unconstitutional. The principle here, according
to the Plaintiff, is that laws should not target characteristics which are
natural in that they are innate or inborn, and immutable in that they are
unchanging or unable to be changed. These are two distinctly different
qualities for a characteristic can be unchanging but not innate, and _vice
versa_ , but that is not the Plaintiff’s case.

45 Thus, on the Plaintiff’s own case, in order for his argument here to
succeed, he must demonstrate two facts, _viz_ , homosexuality is inborn _and_
unable to be changed. With this, I turn to the evidence which Mr Ravi
submitted to show that a person’s sexual orientation is natural and immutable.

(2) Pro- and anti-homosexual groups and individuals

46 Statements by both pro-homosexual and anti-homosexual groups and
individuals are usually self-serving and cannot be authoritative for that
simple reason. For instance, Mr Ravi cited a speech given by Prof Thio during
the Parliamentary debates in October 2007 (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (22–23 October 2007) vol 83 at cols 2175–2305 and 2354–2445)
(“the October 2007 Parliamentary Debates”) in which she opined that
homosexuality was a “gender identity disorder” and that “change [was]
possible”, as proved by instances of homosexuals who had overcome this
“disorder” (see the October 2007 Parliamentary Debates at col 2272). To
counter Prof Thio’s view, Mr Ravi submitted that that view – which he
acknowledged was shared by others – had “been _shown to be utterly false_ ,
through official statements by professional medical bodies, _and testimonies
by ‘ex-gays’_ ” [emphasis added].[note: 9] With all due respect, I do not see
how testimonies by “ex-gays” – which I understand Mr Ravi to mean apparently
reformed homosexuals who are in fact still practising homosexuals – can
demonstrate Prof Thio’s position to be utterly false. It would be unfair to
either side if statements from the opposing side are taken to be proof one way
or the other.

47 Hence, I shall not place any weight on such testimonies by either pro- or
anti-homosexual groups or individuals in determining whether homosexuality is
a natural and immutable attribute. I shall also not place any weight on
statements from the individuals referred to by Mr Ravi. These persons, some of
whom are Singapore government officials, are not properly qualified to give a
credible opinion on this factual issue. Indeed, most of them were not
professing to do so in the statements which Mr Ravi relied on. I turn now to
pronouncements from other sources such as court decisions and the medical and
other scientific bodies which Mr Ravi cited to me.

(3) Court decisions

48 Mr Ravi referred to the following seven court decisions to support his
proposition that homosexuality is a natural and immutable attribute: _HJ
(Iran) v Secretary of State for the Home Department and another action_ [2011]
1 AC 596 (“ _HJ (Iran)_ ”); _Vriend v Alberta_ [1998] 1 SCR 493 (“ _Vriend_
”); _Leung TC William Roy v Secretary for Justice_ [2006] 4 HKLRD 211 (“
_Leung_ ”); _Naz Foundation v Government of NCT of Delhi and Others_ WP(C) No
7455 of 2001 (2 July 2009) (“ _Naz Foundation_ ”); _Perry v Schwarzenegger_
704 F Supp 2d 921 (ND Cal 2010) (“ _Perry_ ”); _Sunil Babu Pant and Others v
Nepal Government, Office of the Prime Minister and Council of Ministers and
Others_ [2008] NLJLJ 262 (“ _Sunil Babu Pant_ ”); and _The National Coalition
for Gay and Lesbian Equality v The South African Human Rights Commission_
(1999) 1 SA 6 (“ _National Coalition_ ”).

49 First, as a matter of principle, I find it difficult to accept that the
decisions of foreign courts can be relied on without more as _evidence_ of the
_correctness_ or _truth_ of a fact, _viz_ , that homosexuality is a “natural
[and] immutable attribute”.[note: 10] Secondly, quite apart from the fact that
these decisions are at best persuasive and not binding on the Singapore
courts, the decisions of these foreign courts are, with utmost respect, but
the opinions of the individual judges sitting in their respective courts.
Learned and thoroughly considered opinions as they are, such opinions are not
substitutes for _evidence_ of a fact. Thirdly, in most of the seven foreign
cases cited by Mr Ravi, the court was not asked to decide, as a finding of
fact, that sexual orientation was a natural, immutable attribute. Accordingly,
the court was not presented with expert evidence on the issue. The respective
observations made in these foreign cases must be appreciated in the light of
that context.

50 In _HJ (Iran)_ , a decision of the UK Supreme Court, Lord Hope of Craighead
and Lord Rodger of Earlsferry (with whom Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe, Lord
Collins of Mapesbury and Lord Dyson agreed) opined separately that sexual
orientation was immutable, innate and incapable of being changed. However,
their Lordships’ opinions must be read in their proper context. _HJ (Iran)_
was a case concerning two homosexuals who were seeking asylum in the UK. The
issue before the court was whether these two individuals fell within a
protected “social group” under Art IA(2) of the 1951 Convention relating to
the Status of Refugees (“the Refugee Convention”), read with the 1967 Protocol
relating to the Status of Refugees, on account of their sexual orientation.
Their Lordships thought that they did. That was the focus of their decision.
Once this context is understood and appreciated, it is clear that their
Lordships were making a _legal_ characterisation of a particular social group
(_viz_ , homosexuals) for the purposes of establishing a protective claim
under the Refugee Convention. They were not, at any time, determining the
characteristics and traits of that social group as a matter of _fact_. There
was no evidence tendered to or relied upon by their Lordships as to the
characteristics and traits of homosexuals as a social group.

51 In _Vriend_ , six of the eight Canadian Supreme Court justices endorsed a
holding by La Forest J in the same court in _Egan v Canada_ [1995] 2 SCR 513
(“ _Egan_ ”), who said (at [5] of _Egan_) that sexual orientation was a deeply
personal characteristic that was “either unchangeable or changeable only at
unacceptable personal costs”. _Egan_ concerned the constitutionality of a
legislation providing for spousal pension payment. The complaint brought by
the applicants, who were a homosexual couple, was that the legislation was in
contravention of their right to equality under s 15 of the Canadian Charter of
Rights and Freedoms (“Canada’s s 15”) as the definition of “spouse” in the
legislation restricted allowances only to spouses in a heterosexual union. La
Forest J’s statement on the difficulty of changing sexual orientation was made
as a substantiation of his view that sexual orientation was analogous to the
enumerated grounds under Canada’s s 15 (_viz_ race, national or ethnic origin,
colour, religion, sex, age and mental or physical disability), and should thus
fall within the ambit of the protection afforded by that section. No evidence
was presented to the court, and it is clear that La Forest J was not
determining the immutability of sexual orientation. Further, contrary to Mr
Ravi’s suggestion, I do not read La Forest J as justifying his observation
that sexual orientation fell within the ambit of Canada’s s 15 on the basis
that like the other grounds enumerated in that section, sexual orientation was
a natural and immutable attribute. To regard the grounds enumerated in
Canada’s s 15 as natural and immutable attributes would be odd because a
person’s religion, which is one of the enumerated grounds, would not
ordinarily be described as a natural attribute, and even much less so as being
immutable.

52 Mr Ravi next relied on _Leung_ , where the Hong Kong Court of Appeal,
endorsed (at [48]) the first instance judge’s statement that anal intercourse
is the “only way” of sexual expression for male homosexuals. I cannot see how
this supports Mr Ravi’s argument. All the court was saying is that the only
form of sexual intercourse which male homosexuals can engage in is anal
intercourse, in contradistinction to a male and female heterosexual couple who
can, in addition, engage in vaginal intercourse. The court was not and did not
pronounce that sexual orientation (or expression) was a natural and immutable
attribute. At best, it had stated the obvious, namely, that it was immutable
that male homosexuals could only engage or only engaged in anal intercourse.
Again, no evidence on the nature of sexual orientation as a phenotypical
expression was adduced.

53 Similarly, in _National Coalition_ , the South African Constitutional
Court’s observations (at [28] and [101]) that sexual orientation was a facet
of “human personality”, and that gay men who sought to engage in sexual
conduct did so as part of their “experience of being human” were not made
after considering evidence relating to the immutable or mutable nature of
sexual orientation. In fact, the court never stated that sexual orientation,
even as a facet of “human personality”, was immutable. While Ackermann J (with
whom Sachs J agreed with substantially) was influenced by Professor Edwin
Cameron, who argued in “Sexual Orientation and the Constitution: A Test Case
for Human Rights” (1993) 110 South African LJ 450 at p 460 that homosexuality
was widely accepted by psychologists as being generally immutable, neither
Ackermann J nor Sachs J accepted that as being _factually_ true. On the
contrary, Ackermann J noted (in the footnote to [21] of _National Coalition_)
that there were others who took the position that sexual orientation was “not
necessarily immutable”.

54 The Nepalese Supreme Court’s decision in _Sunil Babu Pant_ likewise does
not really advance Mr Ravi’s case on the naturalness and immutability of
homosexuality as a form of sexual orientation. The particular excerpt from
_Sunil Babu Pant_ which Mr Ravi relies on is the court’s observation (at 274)
that “sexual orientation is a natural process in [the] course of physical
development of a person including self-experience rather than due to the
[_sic_] mental perversion, emotional and psychological disorder”. This broad
statement does not support Mr Ravi’s main argument that homosexuality is a
natural, immutable attribute; neither does the rest of the judgment.

55 I come now to _Perry_ and _Naz Foundation_. I agree with Mr Ravi that these
two cases are instructive, although not for the conclusion which Mr Ravi
presses for (as to the naturalness and immutability of homosexuality as a
sexual attribute), but for their approach to the determination of this issue.
In _Perry_ , the US District Court had regard to expert evidence in arriving
at its conclusion (at [46]) that:

… [i]ndividuals do not generally choose their sexual orientation. No credible
evidence supports a finding that an individual may, through conscious
decision, therapeutic intervention or any other method, change his or her
sexual orientation.

The US District Court relied extensively on the evidence of one Professor
Gregory Herek, an expert in social psychology with a focus on sexual
orientation, who was called by the plaintiffs, a lesbian couple. To the extent
that the court’s conclusion was premised on the taking and acceptance of
expert evidence, the _approach_ in _Perry_ differs from that in the other
foreign cases discussed above, and is one with which I agree. However, I note
that the defendants in _Perry_ did not call on any expert to give evidence on
the issue of sexual orientation. Therefore, leaving aside the non-binding
nature of foreign judgments for the moment, it would still be inappropriate
for me to treat the finding in _Perry_ as conclusive of the naturalness and
immutability of a person’s sexual orientation without corroboration from more
objective evidence such as studies from medical and other scientific bodies.

56 In _Naz Foundation_ , the High Court of Delhi, like the US District Court
in _Perry_ , did consider objective medical and scientific evidence. Its
conclusion (at [67]–[68]) that homosexuality was not a disease or mental
illness that needed to be, or could be, “cured” or “altered” was premised on
its anterior finding that “[t]here is almost unanimous medical and psychiatric
opinion that homosexuality is not a disease or a disorder”. However, with
respect, even if I accept the court’s finding that homosexuality is not a
disease or disorder, I find it difficult to make the connection that
homosexuality is therefore a natural and immutable attribute. The evidence
which the court in _Naz Foundation_ relied on does not go so far. Just as is
the case with _Perry_ , it would be inappropriate for me to agree with the
Delhi High Court’s conclusion without more. In my view, it is the available
objective evidence from medical and other scientific bodies which is of
greater importance to the Plaintiff’s case, and it is to that that I now turn.

(4) Medical and other scientific bodies

57 Mr Ravi provided me with several statements and actions by medical and
other scientific bodies which, he submitted, showed that the science community
approached homosexuality as a natural and immutable human attribute, and not
as some kind of mental disorder. Amongst the organisations referred to by Mr
Ravi are the American Psychiatric Association, the World Health Organisation
and the Royal College of Psychiatrists in the UK.[note: 11]

58 Against the evidence provided by Mr Ravi is a study done by the Wee Kim Wee
School of Communication and Information at Nanyang Technological University
(“the NTU Study”), which Mr Abdullah SC brought to my attention. In that
study, which surveys Singaporeans’ and Singapore Permanent Residents’
attitudes towards homosexuals in Singapore, the authors note that the cause of
homosexuality is “contentious” and that no consensus has been reached:

Studies have tried to determine the exact causes of homosexuality, but _no
consensus has been reached on this contentious issue_ (Haider-Markel & Joslyn,
2008; Tygart, 2000). Some individuals attribute homosexuality to lifestyle
choices while others believe homosexuality has biological origins. Gay rights
advocates have often adopted the argument that homosexuality is immutable,
because homosexuality has been legally penalized and morally condemned, and
legal and ethical systems tend to reduce responsibility for actions or
identities that are not choices (Halley, 1989). [emphasis added]

59 The matter before me is of great constitutional significance. While the NTU
Study is Mr Abdullah SC’s sole basis for contending that homosexuality is not
clearly an immutable trait, this is not a bean-counting exercise. In fact,
there is an abundance of scientific literature both for and against the theory
of homosexuality being immutable in the sense that I have defined above (at
[43]).

60 Literature supportive of the argument that homosexuality is not immutable
includes William Byne & Bruce Parsons, “Human Sexual Orientation: The Biologic
Theories Reappraised” (1993) 50 Arch Gen Psychiatry 229; Richard Friedman &
Jennifer Downey, _Sexual Orientation and Psychoanalysis: Sexual Science and
Clinical Practice_ (Columbia University Press, 2002) at p 39; James Haynes, “A
Critique of the Possibility of Genetic Inheritance of Homosexual Orientation”
(1995) 28(1/2) Journal of Homosexuality 91; and George Rice _et al_ , “Male
Homosexuality: Absence of Linkage to Microsatellite Markets at Xq28” (1999)
284(5414) Science 665.

61 On the other side, literature supportive of the immutability theory
includes Richard Pillard, “Homosexuality, Nature and Biology: Is Homosexuality
Natural? Does it Matter?” in _Homosexuality: Research Implications for Public
Policy_ (John Gonsiorek & James Weinrich eds) (Sage Publications, 1991);
Joseph Harry, “Sexual Orientation as Destiny” (1984) 10(3/4) Journal of
Homosexuality 111; Andrea Camperio-Ciani _et al_ , “Evidence for Maternally
Inherited Factors Favouring Male Homosexuality and Promoting Female Fecundity”
(2004) 271 Proceedings: Biological Sciences 2217; Francesca Iemmola & Andrea
Camperio-Ciani, “New Evidence of Genetic Factors Influencing Sexual
Orientation in Men: Female Fecundity Increase in the Maternal Line” (2009) 38
Arch Sex Behaviour 393; and Robert Pool, “Evidence for Homosexuality Gene”
(1993) 261(5119) Science 291.

62 The above are but a sampling of the indeterminacy of the medical and other
scientific literature on the issue of whether homosexuality is a natural and
immutable attribute. There are probably countless other commentaries on either
side of the argument. The fact that there is plausible evidence in support of
either side must mean that this issue is at least arguable and debatable. In
_Jackson v Abercrombie_ 884 F Supp 2d 1065 (2012) (“ _Jackson_ ”), the US
District Court declined to declare s 23 of Art 1 of the Hawaiian Constitution,
which states that “[t]he legislature shall have the power to reserve marriage
to opposite-sex couples”, unconstitutional. One of the reasons provided by the
court (at 1115–1116) was that both the plaintiffs and the defendants had
presented evidence supporting their side as well as casting doubt on the other
side’s argument on the rationality of the legislation. In the light of such
conflicting evidence, the court held that the rationale of the legislation was
at least debatable and, therefore, sufficient to deny the motion sought by the
plaintiffs. Although this aspect of _Jackson_ is more directly relevant to an
Art 12(1) argument, the point remains that because the medical evidence on the
naturalness _and_ immutability or otherwise of homosexuality is ambivalent and
therefore debatable, Mr Ravi has not established his case that sexual
orientation _is_ a natural and immutable attribute, the criminalisation of
which may bring about inconsistency with the fundamental rules of natural
justice encapsulated under Art 9(1).

63 In summary, having perused some of the past and contemporaneous medical and
other scientific literature available, I am unable to agree with Mr Ravi that
homosexuality is, on a balance of probabilities, a natural and immutable
attribute. I am satisfied that the medical and scientific evidence has been
for some time and remains to this day divided and inconclusive at best. A full
appreciation of the controversy in this field leads me to the inevitable
conclusion that given the way the Plaintiff has chosen to conduct his case, I
am simply not in an appropriate position to pronounce on whether homosexuality
is a human attribute or a result of nurture or a lifestyle choice, much less
on whether it is immutable or not.

64 Consequently, since I am unable to find for Mr Ravi on the factual
assertion that homosexuality is a natural, immutable attribute, the next stage
of Mr Ravi’s submission – _viz_ , that legislation criminalising conduct which
is tied to a natural and immutable human attribute is absurd and against the
fundamental rules of natural justice – is moot.

The rule of law

65 Mr Ravi further submitted that the fundamental rules of natural justice,
apart from prohibiting arbitrary and absurd laws pursuant to _Yong Vui Kong
(MDP)_ , required compliance with the rule of law. In this regard, Mr Ravi
cited _Chng Suan Tze v Minister for Home Affairs and others and other appeals_
[1988] 2 SLR (R) 525 (“ _Chng Suan Tze_ ”), which, he argued, linked the _Ong
Ah Chuan_ rules prohibiting arbitrariness to the broader concept of the rule
of law.[note: 12] From there, Mr Ravi submitted that the rule of law demanded
that laws could not: (a) allow for arbitrariness; (b) restrict access to
justice; and (c) be vague and uncertain. The first point is similar to Mr
Ravi’s earlier submission on absurdity and arbitrariness under _Yong Vui Kong
(MDP)_ and has already been dealt with. I shall proceed to deal with the
second and third points after I address a preliminary issue.

66 I find it difficult to see how Mr Ravi’s reliance on the concept of the
rule of law as applied in _Chng Suan Tze_ takes his case further than a
singular reliance on the fundamental rules of natural justice. In _Chng Suan
Tze_ , the four appellants were arrested in 1987 for being involved in a
Marxist conspiracy to subvert and destabilise the country so as to establish a
Marxist state, and were issued with detention orders under s 8(1)(_a_) of the
Internal Security Act (Cap 143, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the ISA”). The detention orders
were suspended, but the suspension orders were subsequently revoked pursuant
to s 10 of the ISA and the appellants were rearrested. They applied for leave
to issue writs of _habeas corpus_ , arguing, _inter alia_ , that: (a) the
exercise of the discretionary power under ss 8 and 10 of the ISA was subject
to an objective test and was thus reviewable by a court of law; and (b) to
discharge its burden of justifying the legality of detentions under the ISA ,
the Executive had to satisfy the court that there were objective facts in
existence which justified the Executive’s decision to exercise its power under
ss 8 and 10 of the ISA.

67 The case advanced by the Minister for Home Affairs (“the Minister”) was
that the discretion of the President and that of the Minister under ss 8 and
10 of the ISA respectively was subjective and, consequently, not reviewable by
the court. The Court of Appeal agreed with the appellants (at [86] of _Chng
Suan Tze_) that the discretion conferred on the Executive by ss 8 and 10 of
the ISA could be examined by the court because that was what the rule of law
demanded. Ostensibly, “rule of law” in that context meant that the court
retained the final power to re-examine the exercise of the Executive’s
discretion. The Executive was therefore subject to the rule of law. Unlike the
respondents in _Chng Suan Tze_ , it is not the Defendant’s case in the present
proceedings that s 377A is not reviewable by the court. I am therefore unable
to see how bringing in the concept of rule of law _as used_ by the court in
_Chng Suan Tze_ adds anything.

68 In any event, the context in which Mr Ravi raised the principles of access
to justice and legal certainty is such that I do not have to consider whether,
as a matter of law, the fundamental rules of natural justice encompass these
two principles (whether or not I have regard to the rule of law, which, as I
just indicated, is superfluous in the context of this case). As I shall
elaborate shortly below, the two other submissions made by Mr Ravi on the
Natural Justice Issue at [22(b)] and [22(c)] above, which are premised on
these two principles, are not made out on the facts.

(1) Access to justice

69 Mr Ravi submitted that s 377A was contrary to the fundamental rules of
natural justice because it undermined access to justice by criminalising
victims of homosexual assaults and homosexual domestic abuse. It is, however,
somewhat difficult to understand the context in which Mr Ravi made the
submission. First, Mr Ravi argued that men who were subject to sexual assaults
by other men were themselves open to prosecution under s 377A, whereas women
who were sexually assaulted by men were not. This, however, is more a point on
equal protection of the law rather than access to justice _per se_. Secondly,
after elaborating on how s 377A undermined access to justice, Mr Ravi
concluded by stating that “s 377A, by making criminals of victims most in need
of the law’s protection, is patently arbitrary, _over-inclusive_ and
irrational”[note: 13] [emphasis added]. Again, this seems to suggest that the
point is made in reference to the right to equal protection of the law under
Art 12(1) instead. It is, therefore, difficult to understand exactly what
point Mr Ravi is trying to make.

70 If Mr Ravi’s argument is more contained in that men who suffer domestic
abuse or sexual assault at the hands of other males might be deterred from
reporting their predicament to the authorities, and that such a circumstance
constitutes a breach of the fundamental rules of natural justice, he would
have the benefit of the Court of Appeal’s observations, albeit _obiter_ , in
_Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_ at [184]:

Without going into the merits of [OS 994], we want to acknowledge that in so
far as s 377A in its current form extends to private consensual sexual conduct
between adult males, this provision affects the lives of a not insignificant
portion of our community in a very real and intimate way. Such persons might
plausibly assert that the continued existence of s 377A in our statute books
causes them to be unapprehended felons in the privacy of their homes. The
constitutionality or otherwise of s 377A is thus of real public interest. We
also note that s 377A has other effects beyond criminal sanctions. _One
unwanted effect of s 377A is that it_** _may_** _also make criminals out of
victims_. We will list three illustrations to highlight this point. First, a
man who suffers domestic abuse at the hands of his male partner may be
reluctant to report it to the police as police investigations **_may reveal_**
_that he (_ ie _, the victim of domestic abuse) is guilty of an offence under
s 377A_. Second, if a man who has been sexually assaulted by another man
reports this to the police, he may lay himself open to a s 377A charge as s
377A is silent on consent. _While a charge in such a scenario may be unlikely,
the fear of being charged may be sufficient to deter some victims from coming
forward_. _Third, lest it is thought that these scenarios are fanciful, we
refer to a reported incident where a man who was robbed after having sex with
another man reported the theft to the police and received a warning under s
377A_ (see “This teacher was caught having sex in public, police tells
school”, _The New Paper_ (21 February 2005)). [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

71 The Court of Appeal’s observations may, at first blush, seem to support Mr
Ravi’s argument that s 377A undermines access to justice. However, upon closer
examination, s 377A neither undermines nor restricts access to justice.

72 The first category of persons who may be dis-incentivised by s 377A from
bringing a legitimate complaint to the relevant authorities are victims of
domestic violence, as Mr Ravi submitted, or victims of other crimes, as the
Court of Appeal in _Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_ noted from a media report. In
these two situations, the fact of male homosexual acts having taken place does
not form the premise for a complaint. It is the potential that investigations
may reveal prior instances of male homosexual acts which may deter the
bringing forth of a complaint. While there may be genuine reasons to be
sympathetic to the victims in these situations, I cannot consider them to be
deprived of access to justice. Justice is available and open to them. They can
prosecute the complaint if they so wish.

73 I do not accept that a person can complain of being “deprived” of access to
justice because he fears that the authorities will realise that he has
committed an offence, _viz_ , for the present purposes, engaging in male
homosexual acts in contravention of s 377A. That would be akin to saying, for
example, that an overstayer who has yet to be discovered by the police and who
gets robbed and is afraid of reporting the robbery for fear of being exposed
as an overstayer can complain of being denied access to justice. Worse still,
in Mr Ravi’s paradigm, the overstayer can claim that a law which detains
overstayers is inconsistent with Art 9(1) and therefore unconstitutional
precisely because it denies overstayers access to justice in the
aforementioned scenario. The flaw in that logic is self-evident.

74 Although the Court of Appeal in _Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_ noted the
incident of a man who, after being robbed subsequent to having sex with
another man, reported the theft to the police and, as a result, received a
warning under s 377A as a possible “unwanted effect” of this provision (see
_Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_ at [184]), the court did not go so far as to say
that that man’s access to justice had been curtailed. That is not an
insignificant omission. For the reasons I have given, it would be a leap to
extrapolate from the Court of Appeal’s observation that s 377A denies access
to justice. Mr Ravi’s argument would only work if the cart is put before the
horse and s 377A is assumed to be unconstitutional and, therefore, male
homosexual acts are not offences. But, that is precisely what is in issue.
Thus, victims of domestic violence and other crimes who have previously
engaged in male homosexual acts cannot claim to have their right to access to
justice undermined by virtue of s 377A. Accordingly, I find this argument to
be untenable.

75 The other category of persons who may claim to be denied access to justice
are male victims of sexual assaults by other males. Like the Court of Appeal
in _Tan Eng Hong (Standing)_ , I appreciate that victims of such sexual
assaults are in an invidious situation because they may be charged with an
offence under s 377A. However, these victims are not as powerless as one might
think. The premise of Mr Ravi’s argument is that the s 377A offence is made
out regardless of whether there is proof of consent. He cited the High Court’s
decision in _Ng Huat v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 66, where Yong Pung
How CJ held that consent was not an element of the offence (at [24]):

My sympathies lie with those perfectly respectable gentlemen who may well be
innocent “victims” of a grossly indecent act. It is true that they may find
themselves named within the charge as persons “with” whom the offence of gross
indecency has been committed. Nevertheless, I do not see any real cause for
concern. If they did have any homosexual tendencies, they would almost
invariably have been charged with the offence as well. The very fact that they
are not similarly charged can only attest to their innocence of the act. No
aspersions are being cast on their sexual proclivities. _Technically, of
course, as consent is not an element of the s 377A offence, they could also be
charged with the offence_ , but I am confident that the judicious exercise of
prosecutorial discretion will prevail to ensure that such travesties of
justice do not occur. _There will be no distress or embarrassment_ , **_much
less any injustice, as long as the law is understood_** _and enforced on a
clear and unambiguous basis_. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

76 Yong CJ is correct in his observation that consent is not an element of the
s 377A offence. I made the same observation in _Lim Meng Suang_ at [63] and
[65]. However, while consent is not expressly stated to be a prerequisite for
establishing the offence, it does not follow that _male victims_ of sexual
assaults by other males would be caught by s 377A. I should preface the
following discussion of this point with the qualification that the matter
before me does not involve a criminal charge under s 377A, where I would
ordinarily have the benefit of full arguments from the Public Prosecutor and
defence counsel (if any); as such, my views on the interpretation of s 377A
must be read against that qualification. Be that as it may, with the greatest
of respect to those who think otherwise, there are two reasons why, in my
view, there is at least some scope for an argument that male victims of sexual
assaults by other males may be outside the reach of s 377A.

77 The first reason is based on a purposive interpretation of s 377A. It is
trite that in interpreting the language of a statutory provision, s 9A of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) requires the court to have regard to
the purpose of the provision. I have elucidated the purpose of s 377A in _Lim
Meng Suang_ at [66]–[67]. It bears repeating what the then Attorney-General,
Mr C G Howell (“AG Howell”), stated during the second reading of the Bill
which later became the Penal Code (Amendment) Ordinance 1938 (No 12 of 1938)
(“the Penal Code (Amendment) Ordinance 1938”). Section 3 of that Ordinance
enacted the very first predecessor of s 377A. AG Howell stated (see
_Proceedings of the Legislative Council of the Straits Settlements_ (13 June
1938) at p B49):

With regard to clause 4 [_viz_ , the clause which subsequently became s 3 of
the Penal Code (Amendment) Ordinance 1938] it is unfortunately the case that
acts of the nature described have been brought to notice. As the law now
stands, _such acts can only be dealt with, if at all, under the Minor Offences
Ordinance, and then only if committed in public. Punishment under the
Ordinance is inadequate and the chances of detection are small_. It is
desired, therefore, to strengthen the law and to bring it into line with the
English Criminal Law, from which this clause is taken, and the law of various
other parts of the Colonial Empire of which it is only necessary to mention
Hong Kong and Gibraltar where conditions are somewhat similar to our own.
[emphasis added]

78 In my view, the language used by AG Howell is noteworthy. He was pushing
for a more extensive and robust piece of legislation to _punish_ the
_commission_ of male homosexual acts which, up till then, could only be dealt
with by a more limited statute and were difficult to detect in the first
place. It is difficult to reconcile these intentions with an intention that
the male offender and the male victim of a sexual assault would _both_ be
equally guilty of an offence under s 377A. The language chosen and used by AG
Howell is more consistent with the idea of dealing with the seemingly higher
incidence of _consensual_ male homosexual acts.

79 The second reason why it is arguable that male victims of sexual assaults
by other men fall outside the ambit of s 377A, which is connected to the first
reason, is the choice of words used in s 377A. The provision reads:

377A. Any male person who, in public or private, _commits_ , or _abets the
commission_ of, or _procures_ or _attempts to procure_ the commission by any
male person of, any act of gross indecency with another male person, shall be
punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 2 years. [emphasis
added]

The words chosen by Parliament are framed in strong terms: “commits”, “abets”
and “procures”. These are not words which can be associated with a victim.
Even if “commit” may sound neutral, “abet” and “procures” – which indubitably
also inform the interpretation of the entire section – are particularly
telling. I cannot see how one can call a victim of sexual assault under s 377A
an abettor or procurer of the crime. Subject to the qualification made above
at [76], I am not inclined to the view or suggestion that s 377A indisputably
extends to male victims of sexual assaults by other males.

(2) Vagueness and uncertainty

80 It is unclear how the Plaintiff’s argument that the rule of law forbids
vague and uncertain laws fits under Art 9(1). Mr Ravi submitted that s 377A
used “extremely vague language that has the potential to be infinitely broad”
and is hence “inherently unintelligible”.[note: 14] He then went on to submit
that the “vagueness in the law, in _violating the ‘intelligible differentia’
requirement_ , violates the fundamental principles of natural justice and the
rule of law which demand, among others, certainty and predictability”
[emphasis added]. [note: 15]

81 This argument suggests that there is a breach of the fundamental rules of
natural justice _where_ the first limb of the “reasonable classification” test
in Art 12(1) – _viz_ that the differentia made in the impugned law must be
intelligible – is not satisfied. But, this presupposes that there is even a
breach when the Art 12(1) Issue has not arisen yet at this stage of Mr Ravi’s
submissions. In any event, as I found in _Lim Meng Suang_ at [48], the
differentia adopted in s 377A – _viz_ , that of males who perform acts of
gross indecency on other males – is intelligible. The acts which are captured
and the acts which are not captured (_ie_ , male-female sexual acts and
female-female sexual acts) are clearly identifiable.

82 Mr Ravi then posed the following question: would s 377A encompass acts of
“kissing, holding of hands, or even merely hugging”?[note: 16] According to
him, there is “no way to know” until an individual is charged and convicted.
With respect, this hypothetical is misconceived in at least two ways. First,
it cannot be that a statutory provision which is seldom invoked is inherently
vague and uncertain. Mr Ravi’s argument, when broken down, is that because the
words of a statutory provision (in this case, s 377A) are open to
interpretation, certainty only ensues after the court has determined the
application of that statutory provision to the particular facts of the case
before it (_viz_ , Mr Ravi’s hypothetical example of acts of kissing, holding
hands and hugging). The flaw in this argument is immediately apparent. All
words are, to one extent or another, open to interpretation. Even seemingly
obvious words are often disputed by counsel. That fact alone cannot and does
not render a statutory provision vague and uncertain. Part of the common law
system in which Parliament operates and enacts laws is the development of a
body of jurisprudence to guide future court decisions. If Mr Ravi is right,
many under-utilised laws containing words which are open to interpretation
would invariably be unconstitutional. Needless to say, I cannot agree.

83 Secondly and perhaps more pointedly, it is trite that in interpreting the
language of a statutory provision, the court is to have regard to the purpose
of the provision. I have elucidated the purpose of s 377A at length in _Lim
Meng Suang_. It should be evident from the considerations which were extant in
1938 (when the earliest predecessor of s 377A was enacted) that there is at
least an arguable case that the conduct in the hypothetical example given by
Mr Ravi would _not_ constitute an offence under s 377A. In fact, it is quite
telling that none of the more than a hundred case authorities cited by Mr Ravi
was of a decision by the Singapore court convicting two males for kissing,
holding hands or hugging. In my view, Mr Ravi’s bare assertion that s 377A may
or may not capture the hypothetical example that he used and that one cannot
know for certain until a court pronounces on it, is nothing more than a
tautology which is unsupported by any logical reasoning.

84 Therefore, I am not persuaded that s 377A is as vague and uncertain as Mr
Ravi has submitted. In sum, Mr Ravi has not shown me how the nature and/or
operation of s 377A is inconsistent with the fundamental rules of natural
justice. This disposes of the Natural Justice Issue. I turn now to the Art
12(1) Issue.

Analysis of the Art 12(1) Issue

The reasons in Lim Meng Suang

85 Although I decided in _Lim Meng Suang_ that s 377A was not inconsistent
with Art 12(1), some of the arguments canvassed by Mr Ravi were not raised
before me in _Lim Meng Suang_. I shall therefore set out the salient parts of
my reasoning in _Lim Meng Suang_ first before discussing those of Mr Ravi’s
arguments which were not canvassed in _Lim Meng Suang_ (for convenience, I
shall refer to these arguments as the Plaintiff’s “additional arguments”). The
Defendant’s arguments in this case largely mirrored those which it made in
_Lim Meng Suang_.

86 I took the view in _Lim Meng Suang_ that s 377A was not inconsistent with
Art 12(1) for the following reasons:

(a) The differentia underlying the classification in s 377A covered acts of
gross indecency between males, but not acts of gross indecency between males
and females and acts of gross indecency between females. The classification
prescribed by s 377A was therefore based on an intelligible differentia: at
[47]–[48].

(b) The purpose and object of s 377A when its very first predecessor was
enacted in 1938 was to respond to a prevalence of grossly indecent acts
between males – whether in public or in private – which the Legislature deemed
a regrettable state of affairs that was not desirable: at [67]–[68].

(c) The purpose and object of s 377A remains the same today: at [77]–[78].

(d) Under the two-stage “reasonable classification” test which applies in
Singapore for determining the constitutionality of a statutory provision, the
purpose and object of s 377A bears a rational relation to the differentia
underlying the classification made by that provision, _viz_ , male homosexual
conduct. In fact, the differentia produces a classification which mirrors the
object of s 377A. The classification is therefore at least broadly
proportionate, and is not under- or over-inclusive: at [100].

(e) The “strict scrutiny” test applied by the US courts in cases such as
_Korematsu v United States_ 323 US 214 (1944) should not be applied in the
face of issues concerning disadvantaged groups, suspect classification or
classifications which impinge on fundamental rights. Notwithstanding this, if
the object of a piece of legislation is illegitimate (for instance, if it is
capricious, absurd or unreasonable in the _Wednesbury_ sense), the court can
strike down the legislation even if the classification adopted by that
legislation produces a rational relation to its object: at [113]–[116].

(f) The purpose and object of s 377A cannot be said to be illegitimate.
Parliament had some basis and justification when it decided to criminalise
only male homosexual conduct: at [119]–[129].

87 It is against the above backdrop of reasons that I turn now to the
Plaintiff’s additional arguments.

The Plaintiff’s additional arguments and my decision thereon

More stringent test than “rational relation”

88 Mr Ravi submitted that where a statute purported to classify an individual
only on the basis of a natural and immutable attribute, the court ought to
apply a test that was more stringent than the “rational relation” limb of the
“reasonable classification” test.[note: 17] The argument for this heightened
scrutiny is that certain attributes such as gender are founded on natural and
immutable traits which an individual has no conscious control over. To support
his argument, Mr Ravi cited “Equal Protection and Sexual Orientation” [1995]
16 Sing LR 228 (“ _Jack Lee Tsen-Ta_ ”), an article by Asst Prof Lee, who now
teaches (_inter alia_) constitutional law. The excerpt from the article which
Mr Ravi relied upon argues that the primary aim of legislation is to influence
people’s choices and activities, and that criminalisation of specific
activities is aimed at deterring persons from engaging in those activities.
However, where an activity is a consequence of an immutable trait over which
an individual has no control, it may be “unfair to inflict legal burdens” (see
_Jack Lee Tsen-Ta_ at 239). If the Legislature differentiates between persons
on the basis of such immutable traits, this may suggest that it is acting in
bad faith.

89 As I have stated earlier at [46]–[64] above, I am unable to conclude that
sexual orientation is a natural and immutable attribute. Mr Ravi’s impetus for
a heightened scrutiny approach should therefore end here. Even if I were
wrong, I would still have declined to apply Mr Ravi’s suggested approach.
While the debate over the level of scrutiny which a court should engage in
when it is faced with allegedly unconstitutional laws may find some currency
in discourses on political philosophies, the Constitution and our
constitutional law operate on a slightly different plane. The court is not in
a position to decide on the purported “unfairness” – which is by itself a
nebulous concept – of legislation which imposes legal burdens based on
immutable characteristics of individuals in the abstract; this question must
be considered with regard to the legal framework provided by the Constitution
and, from the perspective of the High Court, binding case law, if any. Our
Constitution provides a specific degree of latitude to Parliament to legislate
for certain conduct and to address or cater for the self-evident truth that
members of our society are not all born the same (see _Lim Meng Suang_ at
[40]–[44]). That latitude is delineated by the fundamental rights accorded by
the Constitution. Article 12(1) sets out one of these fundamental rights. In
Singapore, whether _any_ legislation is discriminatory in the sense of
contravening Art 12(1) depends on the intelligibility of the differentia
adopted by the classification and the nexus between the differentia used and
the purpose of the legislation. Inherent in this test is a balance between, on
the one hand, the protection of the fundamental right to equality and, on the
other, the political autonomy afforded to Parliament to legislate within the
bounds of the Constitution.

90 Thus, with the greatest respect, I am unable to follow the foreign
authorities cited to me by Mr Ravi on this point. Interesting as they are, the
decisions of these foreign courts, which have adopted a more zealous approach,
factor in legal and extra-legal social, economic, cultural and political
considerations which are unique to their respective jurisdictions. I am
satisfied, and indeed bound to hold, that the “reasonable classification” test
which I applied in _Lim Meng Suang_ applies to _all_ constitutional challenges
based on Art 12(1) in Singapore. Mr Ravi’s submission that I am not bound
because there has so far been no Singapore Court of Appeal decision which
concerns legislation differentiating between individuals based on immutable
traits is misplaced. It presupposes that there is, in the first place, a dual-
track system. I cannot agree with that. Even though Mr Ravi is right in that
there is so far no Court of Appeal decision on the constitutionality of
legislation of the type just described, the decisions in _Nguyen Tuong Van_
(at [70]) and _Yong Vui Kong (MDP)_ clearly indicate that the applicable test
for constitutional challenges based on Art 12(1) is the “reasonable
classification” test. There is no suggestion that this is the test for some
types of Art 12(1) cases, and that there could be another stricter test for
other special circumstances.

91 This is the framework which I find applies before me. It would be a stretch
for me to accept a new principle of Singapore constitutional law which
requires me to apply, in the context of an application to strike down a piece
of legislation for being inconsistent with Art 12(1), a separate, broader, and
more zealous test when immutable traits are concerned.

92 I therefore do not accept the Plaintiff’s argument that a higher standard
of scrutiny should be used in the present case.

The advancement of morality is not a sound social object

93 Mr Ravi submitted that because homosexuality was not an incontrovertible
immorality and did not harm public order, the advancement of morality as the
underlying justification for s 377A was not a sound social object.[note: 18]
The nub of his argument is that there are (so to speak) different types of
morals. While there is a “core” of incontrovertible morals (such as the moral
proposition that theft is wrong), there are also a host of moral conduct and
propositions which are fiercely contested. In this latter sphere, given the
spectrum of and the room for disagreement, the advancement of morality _vis-à-
vis_ a specific conduct is not a normatively strong social object worthy of
being advanced. Homosexuality, Mr Ravi claims, is an example of a conduct
which falls into this penumbra of contested values. He urged the court to take
judicial notice of the fact that various religious personalities had made
statements to the effect that they supported the decriminalisation of
homosexual activity. Thus, he argued that at the very least, the proposition
that “homosexual acts are immoral” is _not_ incontrovertible. In so far as the
object of s 377A advances the proposition that male homosexuality is immoral,
it is an unsound – or, to use the nomenclature consistent with _Lim Meng
Suang_ , an illegitimate – object.

94 Mr Ravi’s submission, is ultimately premised on the notion that Parliament
is not allowed to legislate on an issue where the morality of that issue is
controversial, and that, in my opinion, cannot be right. Parliament has the
mandate under our Constitution and system of law to make decisions on and
surrounding controversial issues, subject always to the legal safeguards and
limitations set out in the Constitution and review by the courts for
compliance with those safeguards and limitations. I said in _Lim Meng Suang_
(at [144]) that the basis underlying s 377A’s existence is, in the final
analysis, an issue of morality and societal values. Parliament in 1938 and
likewise in October 2007 affirmed the purpose and object of s 377A. Its choice
in favour of one view in the spectrum cannot be said to be undeniably wrong. I
would also add that Parliament can take steps to amend legislation to “reflect
societal norms and values” if it occurs to Parliament that the tide of social
and public opinion has shifted, as was the case with the repeal of s 377 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), a provision which previously
criminalised consensual heterosexual oral sex. This was noted in _Tan Eng Hong
(Standing)_ at [32]. It may be different if it is so clear, incontrovertible
and undisputable that male homosexuality is not considered to be immoral by
Singapore society, but that is not the argument presented before me. In such
circumstances, I am unprepared to say that Parliament should defer to the
views of the court on this issue.

95 I therefore reject the Plaintiff’s argument that the advancement of
morality as the underlying object of s 377A is illegitimate.

HIV prevention and mitigation is not an object of s 377A

96 On the issue of whether HIV prevention and mitigation is a relevant
consideration in this matter, the Plaintiff’s case here differs from that of
the plaintiffs in _Lim Meng Suang_. There, both the plaintiffs and the
defendant accepted that the court could include HIV prevention and mitigation
as a new purpose of s 377A, even if that purpose had not been considered when
the earliest predecessor of s 377A was enacted in 1938: see _Lim Meng Suang_
at [87]. Here, Mr Ravi contended that HIV prevention and mitigation was a non-
factor, and should therefore not be accepted as a purpose and object of s
377A. Moreover, even if HIV prevention and mitigation were a purpose and
object of s 377A, the legislation in fact undermined that very objective.

97 I agree with Mr Ravi that HIV prevention and mitigation was not a purpose
and object of s 377A when its very first predecessor was enacted in 1938. It
would also be a stretch to read into the October 2007 Parliamentary Debates an
intention by Parliament to retain 377A for the purpose of HIV prevention and
mitigation. Nevertheless, this argument does not lead to the conclusion that s
377A therefore fails the “reasonable classification” test. My decision in _Lim
Meng Suang_ that s 377A was not inconsistent with Art 12(1) was not predicated
on the premise that one of its purposes and objects was the advancement of
public health through the prevention and mitigation of HIV.

98 Therefore, even though I agree with Mr Ravi on this count, this argument by
the Plaintiff does not establish the unconstitutionality of s 377A pursuant to
Art 12(1).

Section 377A fails the second limb of the “reasonable classification” test
because it only goes “some distance” towards securing the object

99 Mr Ravi submitted that if the classification adopted in a piece of
legislation only went “some distance” towards meeting the purpose and object
of the legislation, it did not satisfy the rational relation limb (_ie_ , the
second limb) of the “reasonable classification” test.[note: 19] In support of
this argument, Mr Ravi referred to the Court of Appeal’s observation in _Yong
Vui Kong (MDP)_ at [111] that a legislative provision which imposed the
mandatory death penalty on “short-haired” drug traffickers was contrary to Art
12(1) because the length of a drug trafficker’s hair clearly did not bear any
rational relation to the social object of the statute under challenge in that
case (_viz_ , the MDA), which was to eradicate the illicit drug trade. Mr Ravi
contended that the hypothetical statutory provision in _Yong Vui Kong (MDP)_
was analogous to s 377A because the latter did not employ any differentia that
was “rationally related to the objects of reducing under-age, non-consensual
or public sex.”[note: 20]

100 Contrary to Mr Ravi’s submissions, the purpose and object of s 377A, as I
have found in _Lim Meng Suang_ , is to enable the prosecution of acts of gross
indecency by male homosexuals both in public and in private because such acts
are not acceptable or desirable in Singapore society. In my view, as stated in
_Lim Meng Suang_ , there is a complete coincidence between the differentia
adopted in s 377A (_viz_ , male homosexual conduct) and the purpose and object
of the provision (_viz_ , making male homosexual conduct an offence because
such conduct is not desirable). The differentia adopted in s 377A is
therefore, at the very least, broadly proportionate to the purpose and object
of this provision; the differentia does not just go “some distance” towards
fulfilling such purpose and object.

101 I therefore cannot accept the Plaintiff’s argument that the differentia
adopted in s 377A only goes “some distance” towards meeting the purpose and
object of this section.

Section 377A is over-inclusive in that it makes criminals of family and
friends of gays

102 Finally, Mr Ravi submitted that s 377A was over-inclusive in that it made
criminals of family and friends of male homosexuals who supported, comforted
and encouraged the latter. This is because under s 107(_a_) of the Penal Code,
the offence of abetment is made out where there is “active support,
stimulation or encouragement” of an offence.[note: 21]

103 I am unable to accept this argument. The point that s 377A is over-
inclusive has been grossly overstated. The offence of abetment applies to
every abetted offence, and an abettor is subject to criminal sanction because
of his or her role in the commission of the abetted offence. It cannot be that
all laws criminalising an act are over-inclusive and, therefore,
unconstitutional simply because they open up the possibility that there are
others who may be guilty of supporting, stimulating or encouraging that act.
Perhaps, the implied suggestion behind Mr Ravi’s argument is that abettors of
homosexual acts are, unlike abettors of other offences, less blameworthy
because supporting or encouraging a person in relation to his sexual
orientation is innocuous. However, this argument assumes what it seeks to
prove because the suggestion that abettors of the s 377A offence are less
blameworthy rests on the premise that gross indecency between male homosexuals
should not be an offence in the first place.

104 I therefore also reject the Plaintiff’s argument that s 377A is over-
inclusive in that it makes criminals out of persons who show support and
encouragement to male homosexuals.

Conclusion

105 In the ensuing interval between handing down my judgment in _Lim Meng
Suang_ and writing this judgment, I have not changed my grounds or my views
set out and expressed in the former. They apply fully to this case as well.

106 As I said in _Lim Meng Suang_ , we are, like many other societies around
the world, in the midst of change. It is an undeniable fact that society’s
perceptions of sexual and other morals change over time. However, these
changes, to varying degrees, take time, some of which can be accurately
characterised as generational in nature.

107 In conclusion, for the reasons set out above, the Plaintiff has failed to
impugn s 377A as being inconsistent with Art 12(1) of the Constitution, nor
have his Art 9(1) rights been infringed. I therefore decline to grant the
orders sought by the Plaintiff in OS 994.

108 I shall hear the parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Originating Summons No 994 of 2010 amended on 17 December 2012 at
para 2.

[note: 2]Plaintiff’s submissions at paras 25–30.

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s submissions at paras 32–39.

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s submissions at paras 41–46.

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s submissions at paras 47–104.

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s submissions at para 25.

[note: 7]Plaintiff’s submissions at paras 28–29.

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s submissions at para 47.

[note: 9]Plaintiff’s submissions at para 55.

[note: 10]Plaintiff’s submissions at para 48.

[note: 11]Plaintiff’s submissions at paras 65–76.

[note: 12]Plaintiff’s submissions at para 29.

[note: 13]Plaintiff’s submission para 40.

[note: 14]Plaintiff’s submissions at para 41.

[note: 15]Plaintiff’s submissions at para 43.

[note: 16]Plaintiff’s submissions at para 42.

[note: 17]Plaintiff’s submissions at para 108.

[note: 18]Plaintiff’s submissions at para 132.

[note: 19]Plaintiff’s submissions at para 194.

[note: 20]Plaintiff’s submissions at para 198.

[note: 21]Plaintiff’s submissions at paras 201–202.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

