Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ministry of Rural Development, Fishery, Craft Industry and Environment of
the Union of Comoros _v_ Chan Leng Leng and another  
[2013] SGHC 81

Case Number| :| Suit No 716 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 423 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 April 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Suresh Nair and Daniel Zhu (Straits Law Practice LLC) for
the appellant; Christopher Woo and Jeremy Nonis (Lawrence Quahe & Woo) for the
first and second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ministry of Rural Development, Fishery, Craft Industry and
Environment of the Union of Comoros — Chan Leng Leng and another  
  
19 April 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal against the Assistant Registrar’s order for the plaintiff,
the Ministry of Rural Development, Fishery, Craft Industry and Environment of
the Union of Comoros, to provide security for costs in the sum of $25,000 for
its action against the defendants. The plaintiff is a government department of
the Union of Comoros, a sovereign island state located in the Indian Ocean
along the eastern coast of Africa. The first defendant Chan Leng Leng is the
liquidator of the second defendant Interocean TSM Holdings Pte Ltd, which has
entered into a members’ voluntary liquidation. The plaintiff obtained a
judgment dated 17 March 2010 against the second defendant in the Court of
Appeal of the Union of Comoros for the sum of EUR 3,298,000. The first
defendant rejected the proof of debt lodged for the judgment sum, and the
plaintiff commenced the main proceedings to reverse the first defendant’s
decision pursuant to r 93 of the Companies (Winding Up) Rules (Cap 50, R 1,
2006 Rev Ed).

2 Counsel for the appellant, Mr Suresh Nair (“Mr Nair”), raised the
preliminary objection that the court did not have the power to order security
for costs against the plaintiff on the ground that the plaintiff – a
government department of a sovereign state – was entitled to certain
procedural privileges under s 15(2) of the State Immunity Act (Cap 313, 1985
Rev Ed) (“the Act”). Section 15 states as follows:

**Other procedural privileges**

**15**.—(1) No penalty by way of committal or fine shall be imposed in respect
of any failure or refusal by or on behalf of a State to disclose or produce
any document or other information for the purposes of proceedings to which it
is a party.

(2) Subject to subsections (3) and (4) —

(a) relief shall not be given against a State by way of injunction or order
for specific performance or for the recovery of land or other property; and

(b) _the property of a State shall not be subject to any process for the
enforcement of a judgment_ or arbitration award or, in an action in rem, for
its arrest, detention or sale.

…

[emphasis added]

Mr Nair’s argument turned on the interpretation of the phrase “any process for
the enforcement of a judgment” in s 15(2)(b) of the Act. He submitted that an
order for the provision of security for costs was akin to a process for the
enforcement of a judgment as the very purpose of ordering security was to
compel the plaintiff to bring property within the jurisdiction of the court
for the subsequent enforcement of a judgment for costs. Counsel for the
defendants, Mr Christopher Woo (“Mr Woo”), submitted that the Act was largely
based on the United Kingdom’s State Immunity Act (c 33) (“the UK Act”), and
brought my attention to the amendments to what is now s 13 of the UK Act – the
corresponding provision to s 15 of the Act – in the House of Lords moved by
the Lord Chancellor Sir Elwyn Jones during the passage of the United Kingdom
State Immunity Bill (see United Kingdom, House of Lords, _Parliamentary
Debates_ (16 March 1978) vol 389 at col 1520):

… _Subsection (14)(1), as it now stands, provides that a State shall not be
required to give security for costs._ That was thought to be in accordance
with the requirements of Article 17 of the Convention. Under the common law a
foreign State may be required to furnish security for costs. In the Second
Reading debate, the noble Baroness said, as reported at column 62 of the
Official Report of 17th January, in relation to security of costs: “In the
European Convention, the Article dealing with this particular matter leaves
the question open, and I think that the Bill should take a more robust line on
this particular aspect.” _I am always open to take advice on robustness from
the noble Baroness, and we have therefore gone to the extremity of robustness
in this Amendment by leaving the subsection out altogether._ … [emphasis
added]

Mr Woo argued that while the Parliament of Singapore had modified certain
aspects of the UK Act to suit the particular needs and circumstances of
Singapore, it had been silent on the enactment of s 15(2) of the Act and must
be taken to have agreed with the underlying intent of the United Kingdom
Parliament in relation to the corresponding provision. Accordingly, s 15(2)
should not be construed as granting immunity to a foreign state from
furnishing security for costs, and this was consistent with the common law
position. Mr Woo also submitted that as the plaintiff had instituted
proceedings in Singapore to seek relief, it was “subject to the jurisdiction
of the Singapore courts”.

3 Mr Woo’s broad argument that the plaintiff had “submitted” to the
jurisdiction of this court suppresses the distinction between what has been
described as the “adjucative jurisdiction” of the court (which is defined by s
3 of the Act) and the “enforcement jurisdiction” of the court (which is
limited by s 15), discussed in Lord Diplock’s speech in _Alcom Ltd v Republic
of Columbia_ [1984] AC 580 at 600C–D. A state is not deemed to consent to the
jurisdiction of a foreign court to levy execution on its property or to
enforce _in personam_ orders merely because she has consented to being made
party to an action. The applicability of s 15 of the Act, and the grant of
procedural privileges, is therefore independent of the plaintiff’s submission
to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts to hear the claim.

4 In my judgment, however, s 15(2)(b) of the Act does not curtail the court’s
jurisdiction to order security for costs. The Explanatory Statement to the
State Immunity Bill (Bill No 20/79) (the “Explanatory Statement”) describes s
15 as follows:

… No order for penalties, injunctions or specific performance can be issued
against a State without the State’s consent. There is to be _no execution
against State property_ without consent except against property which is used
or intended to be used for commercial purposes. [emphasis added]

Neither the Explanatory Statement nor the relevant parliamentary debates
specifically addresses the issue of security for costs, and I was not directed
to any authority on the interpretation of s 15(2)(b). It is nevertheless clear
that the purpose of enacting the Act was to move from the common law doctrine
of absolute state immunity to a clearly defined legislative framework of
restrictive state immunity: see the comments of Mr E.W. Barker (“Mr Barker”),
the then Minister for Law and Science and Technology at the Second Reading of
the State Immunity Bill in _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official
Report_ (7 September 1979) vol 39 at col 408.

5 The structure of s 15 is inclusionary; a state is not granted a general
immunity from the enforcement procedures of the forum court save for specified
exceptions, but is instead subject to the normal rules and procedures of the
forum court unless it is expressly granted immunity under s 15. I am of the
view that the plain meaning of the words “any process for the enforcement of a
judgment” in s 15(2)(b) refers to a legal procedure of execution or attachment
against property in satisfaction of a judgment that has already been rendered;
it does not, on the face of the language used, cover pre-judgment measures. An
order for security is an order for payment into court of a fixed sum of money
or the provision of a guarantee, and is not a process of levying execution
against state property as envisaged by the Explanatory Statement. I observe
that certain orders that may potentially be made during the course of the
proceedings, such as injunctions and penalties for failure to provide
discovery or disclosure, are expressly prohibited by ss 15(2)(a) and 15(1)
respectively, but the Act is silent on whether security for costs may be
ordered against a state. I am not persuaded by Mr Nair’s contention that it is
“artificial in the extreme” to draw a distinction between the process of
enforcement of a judgment and an order for security for costs to bring funds
into the jurisdiction against which a judgment for costs may subsequently be
enforced. The former involves the coercive seizure of or attachment against
property of the foreign state, while the latter is a procedural condition
precedent for the continuation of legal proceedings.

6 The legislative debates in the House of Lords that were cited by Mr Woo also
support the above construction of the language of s 15(2)(b). I agree with Mr
Nair that I should be cautious in attributing to the Parliament of Singapore
an intention of the Parliament of the United Kingdom – _ie_ , the express
exclusion of immunity from the provision of security for costs through the
deletion of a clause that previously granted such immunity. I note that Mr
Barker stated at the Second Reading of the State Immunity Bill that it was
preferable to preclude the direct application of the UK Act to Singapore as
there were certain provisions in the UK Act that were not appropriate to
Singapore, particularly those concerning the European Convention on State
Immunity (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (7
September 1979) vol 39 at col 408), and there is nothing to indicate that the
Parliament of Singapore had considered the desirability of taking a “robust”
position towards the provision of security for costs by a foreign state and
had intended to adopt a similar position. Notwithstanding my reservations on
the imputation of parliamentary intent, I am of the view that the presence of
a separate provision in the original United Kingdom State Immunity Bill
governing the specific subject matter of security for costs would logically
mean that the language of s 13(2)(b) of the UK Act, and hence s 15(2)(b) of
the Act which is _in para materia_ with s 13(2)(b) of the UK Act, was not
drafted to include an order for security for costs. Mr Nair has urged me to
interpret s 15(2)(b) in a “purposive” manner that stretches the meaning of the
ordinary language of s 15(2)(b), but in the absence of any evidence of
parliamentary purpose, I can only determine what Parliament intended through
the words it used, not what Parliament could have intended but did not say.

7 Turning to my discretion to order security for costs under O 23 r 1(1) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), I consider that it is just in
the present circumstances to make such an order. It was not in dispute that
the plaintiff is not “ordinarily resident” in Singapore and that the court’s
threshold jurisdiction to order security is invoked, but Mr Nair submitted
that the court should not grant security for costs as the merits were in the
plaintiff’s favour and the plaintiff’s representative had stated on affidavit
that the plaintiff could and would pay for the costs of the legal proceedings.
Mr Woo contended that the plaintiff’s case was legally weak and that security
for costs should be ordered as it would be difficult for the defendants to
enforce any judgment in their favour. I am not persuaded by both parties’
submissions on the importance that I should attach to the legal merits of
their respective cases. In _Creative Elegance (M) Sdn Bhd v Puay Kim Seng_
[1999] 1 SLR(R) 112, the Court of Appeal held (at [25]) that it was not the
law that a plaintiff would not, as a matter of course, be ordered to provide
security for costs once he has shown that he has a _bona fide_ claim with a
reasonable or high probability of success. There are clear factual divergences
between the parties that cannot be resolved on affidavit evidence alone, and
it was not “demonstrated one way or another that there is a high degree of
probability of success or failure” (_per_ Browne-Wilkinson VC in _Porzelack KG
v Porzelack (UK) Ltd_ [1987] 1 WLR 420 at 423). It is for the trial judge to
determine the merits of the case, and I do not think it is appropriate at this
stage for me to form a preliminary assessment. I therefore accord little
weight to this factor in deciding whether security should be ordered.

8 I accept Mr Woo’s submission that there was no evidence that the plaintiff
had any assets in Singapore and that it might be difficult for the defendants
to enforce any judgment for the payment of costs as there is no reciprocal
enforcement treaty between Singapore and the Union of Comoros. It was not
suggested to me that the plaintiff did not have the ability to provide
security or that ordering security would unfairly stifle its claim, and
neither was it argued that the sum of security ordered was onerous or
oppressive. In response, Mr Nair submitted that considerations of comity
should militate against an order for security for costs. The court’s
discretion to order security is a flexible one, and in my view, there should
not be any general presumption against making an order for security when the
plaintiff is a foreign state. Mr Nair has not demonstrated why it would be an
affront to the dignity or independence of a foreign sovereign if she is asked,
as part of the procedural rules of the forum court, to provide security for
the costs of judicial proceedings that she has of her own volition instituted
in that court. I do not think that recourse to vague notions of courtesy and
goodwill are helpful in determining whether it is _just_ to order security and
also decline to make any comment on the weight that I would attach to the
representative’s declaration of intent to honour any judgment for costs.
Taking into consideration the potential cost and delay of having to
subsequently enforce any judgment in the Union of Comoros and the fact that it
has not been contended that the order would prejudice the plaintiff in any
appreciable manner, I find that the balance is in the defendants’ favour.

9 I conclude that it is just in the circumstances to make an order for the
plaintiff to furnish security for costs in the sum of $25,000. The appeal is
therefore dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Apr 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

