Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mitora Pte Ltd _v_ Agritrade International (Pte) Ltd  
[2013] SGCA 38

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal Nos 85 and 86 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; V K Rajah JA; Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Peter Madhavan and Walter Ferix Justine (Joseph Tan Jude
Benny LLP) for the appellant; Kelly Yap and Morgan Chng (Oon & Bazul LLP) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Mitora Pte Ltd — Agritrade International (Pte) Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 178.]

3 July 2013| Appeal allowed.  
---|---  
  
Introduction

1 These appeals related to the Appellant’s breach of two “unless orders” which
resulted in the striking out of its Statement of Claim despite its belated and
clumsy efforts at compliance.

2 Mitora Pte Ltd (“the Appellant”), was a company incorporated in Singapore
providing business and management consultancy services. In late 2009 the
Appellant’s director, Mr Andreas Thanos (“Mr Thanos”), met with one Mr Takeshi
Sawanobori (“Mr Takeshi”), the managing director of Senamas Far East Inc
(“Senamas”), through mutual associates.[note: 1] Senamas was incorporated in
Japan (_circa_ March 2005) and operates out of Tokyo.[note: 2] Broadly, it
provides consultancy services to companies involved in the development of coal
resources. According to Mr Takeshi, however, Senamas was set up primarily to
provide consulting services to Agritrade International (Pte) Ltd (“the
Respondent”). This arrangement purportedly arose out of discussions between Mr
Takeshi and the Respondent’s director, Mr Ng Say Pek (“Mr Ng”).[note: 3]

3 Mr Thanos was informed by Mr Takeshi that Senamas was having difficulty
enforcing a debt against the Respondent. They decided that they could work
together. “To keep matters simple” – a phrase made ironic by the proceedings
which led to this appeal – it was agreed that Senamas would assign its debt
against the Respondent to the Appellant.[note: 4] A deed of assignment was
entered into on 9 April 2010 (“Deed of Assignment”) in consideration of
US$100,000.[note: 5]

4 The Respondent was a company incorporated in Singapore and engaged in the
business of, _inter alia_ , coal trading.[note: 6] In a consultancy agreement
with Senamas dated either 3 March 2005 or 5 March 2005 (“the Consultant
Agreement”), the Respondent appointed Senamas as a consultant in the
development of the Respondent’s coal mines in the Republic of Indonesia.
Senamas was also to act as the Respondent’s exclusive agent to develop and
market the Respondent’s coal to Japan and Korea.[note: 7] The Appellant
asserted that the Consultant Agreement provided that:[note: 8]

(a) the Respondent was to pay Senamas a commitment fee of US$50,000 per year
starting 1 April 2005 up to April 2009; and

(b) the Respondent was to pay Senamas a monthly consultancy fee of US$12,500
on the first of each month starting from April 2005.

5 The Appellant’s main suit[note: 9] was founded on a sum of US$625,000 which
purportedly remained unpaid to Senamas under the the Consultant
Agreement.[note: 10] It claimed that the Respondent ceased performance of its
payment obligations after September 2007.[note: 11]

6 The Respondent denied that the Consultant Agreement consisted of any
commitment fee, and further argued that the Consultant Agreement had been
terminated in or around September 2008.[note: 12] A counterclaim was also
advanced on the basis that Senamas had breached its obligations as the
Respondent’s exclusive agent in Japan by providing consultancy services to
other companies.[note: 13]

Background to the appeal

7 The Appellant commenced its action on 22 July 2010.[note: 14] The first List
of Documents and Affidavit verifying the same were filed on 31 March 2011. On
9 May 2011 the Respondent filed an application for discovery in Summons No
1960 of 2011 (“SUM 1960/2011”) which was heard before Assistant Registrar
(“AR”) Sngeetha Devi.[note: 15] The application was granted on 26 May 2011 and
the Appellant was ordered to file and serve a Supplementary List of Documents
by 10 June 2011, disclosing the following eight categories of documents (“the
26 May 2011 Order”):

(a) all documents, including but not limited to correspondence exchanged
between Mr Takeshi and/or Senamas and the Respondent, payment vouchers,
invoices and receipts, in relation to Senamas’ and/or Mr Takeshi’s visits to
Indonesia;

(b) all correspondence exchanged between Mr Takeshi and/or Senamas and the
Respondent and/or Taiheyo Cement Corporation in relation to the shipment on
board “MV Clipper Lagoon”;

(c) all correspondence between Mr Takeshi and/or Senamas and a further list of
companies in relation to the promotion of the sale of the Respondent’s coal to
the Japanese/Korean market;

(d) all correspondence exchanged between Mr Takeshi and/or Senamas and JFE
Trading Co Ltd between 2005 to 2010, including but not limited to e-mail,
letters, faxes, SMS and communications sent via Instant Messaging Clients;

(e) Senamas’ income tax statements for the years 2005 to 2010;

(f) Senamas’ monthly bank statements from April 2005 to April 2010;

(g) Senamas’ financial statements for the years 2005 to 2010, including but
not limited to their financial reports, audited accounts, balance sheets and
profit and loss statements; and

(h) all documents evidencing the incorporation of Senamas, including but not
limited to the Memorandum and Articles of Association.

8 On 15 June 2011, AR Terence Tan granted an “unless order” which required the
Appellant to comply with the 26 May 2011 Order by 20 June 2011 (“the first
Unless Order”).[note: 16] On 20 June 2011 the Appellant filed the first
Supplementary List of Documents which disclosed 290 documents pertaining to
the documents and correspondence adumbrated from (a) to (d) above. In relation
to the income tax statements, monthly bank statements, financial statements
and Certificate of Incorporation, the Appellant filed Summons No 2680 of 2011
(“SUM 2680/2011”) seeking both an extension of time and a variation of the 26
May 2011 Order so that these documents need not be disclosed.

9 SUM 2680/2011 was heard by AR Lim Jian Yi who granted the Appellant a final
extension of time to 4 July 2011 but preserved the extent of the discovery
obligations stipulated in the 26 May 2011 Order (“the second Unless
Order”).[note: 17] On the same day that the second Unless Order was granted,
the Appellant filed a second Supplementary List of Documents which consisted
of 490 items.[note: 18] These included Senamas’ Certificate of Origin (item
356) and its Memorandum and Articles of Association (item 444). However, the
Appellant did not disclose any further documents until after the final
deadline of 4 July 2011 had elapsed.

10 Instead, the Appellant filed Summons No 2997 of 2011 (“SUM 2997/2011”) to
strike out the Respondent’s counterclaim on 8 July 2011. The Respondent
retaliated with its own striking out application (Summons No 3159 of 2011
(“SUM 3159/2011”)). These applications were fixed before AR Shaun Leong (“AR
Leong”). The first hearing was adjourned to allow the Appellant to file reply
affidavits by 10 August 2011. On 10 August 2011, however, the Appellant filed
its third Supplementary List of Documents, disclosing Senemas’ financial
statements from March 2005 to April 2009; tax payments from March 2005 to
April 2009; the passbook for Senamas’ Mitsui Sumitomo Banking Corporation
Account; and text messages from Mr Takeshi.[note: 19]

11 At the re-fixed hearing on 31 August 2011, counsel for the Respondent made
an oral application for the third Supplementary List of Documents to be struck
out as no extension of time had been granted to file it.[note: 20] The hearing
was then adjourned to 20 September 2011. On 14 September 2011 the Appellant
filed its fourth Supplementary List of Documents disclosing Senamas’ Accounts
from 1 April 2010 to 31 March 2011 and a Certificate of Existence.[note: 21]
It also filed Summons No 4115 of 2011 (“SUM 4115/2011”) seeking an extension
of time to comply with the first and second Unless Orders.

12 AR Leong gave judgment in favour of the Respondent on 6 October 2011,
dismissing SUM 2997/2011 and granting SUM 3159/2011 in terms. Accordingly, SUM
4115/2011 was also dismissed and both the third and fourth Supplementary Lists
of Documents were struck out for being an abuse of process.[note: 22]

The decision below

13 The Appellant filed three Notices of Appeal on 10 October 2011:

(a) Registrar’s Appeal No 321 of 2011 (“RA 321/2011”), against the dismissal
of the Appellant’s application to strike out the Respondent’s counterclaim
(SUM 2997/2011);

(b) Registrar’s Appeal No 322 of 2011 (“RA 322/2011”), against the decision to
allow the Respondent’s application to strike out the Appellant’s Statement of
Claim (SUM 3159/2011); and

(c) Registrar’s Appeal No 323 of 2011 (“RA 323/2011”) against the dismissal of
the Appellant’s application for an extension of time to file its third and
fourth Supplementary List of Documents (SUM 4115/2011).

14 At the first hearing before the Judge, on 4 April 2012, two categories of
documents remained ostensibly undisclosed – Senamas’ income tax statements
from May 2009 to 2010 and financial statements from May 2009 to 2010. The
Appellant was given time to furnish these documents “[a]s a final opportunity
to redeem itself” (_Mitora Pte Ltd v Agritrade International (Pte) Ltd_ [2012]
SGHC 178 at [4]). It should be noted, however, that both the financial
statements from April 2009 to March 2010 and the income tax statements from
May 2009 to 2010 had already been included in the Plaintiff’s Bundle of
Documents for the 4 April 2012 hearing.

15 The Appellant then filed an affidavit on 9 May 2012 which contained
Senamas’ income tax statements from 1 April 2009 to 31 March 2011 along with
letters certifying that they had been translated from Japanese to English.
However, only the English translated versions were exhibited.[note: 23] At the
resumed hearing on 16 May 2012 it was clarified that the financial statements
from April 2009 to March 2010 had already been provided, but could not be
filed as a Supplementary List of Documents when the Appellant’s new solicitors
took over.[note: 24]

16 The judge below (“the Judge”) then granted a second adjournment to 23 May
2012 for the Appellant to file all documents required. The Appellant provided
all the remaining documents, including translations, to the Respondent in a
letter on 18 May 2012.[note: 25]

17 At the third hearing before the Judge, however, the Respondent sought leave
to amend its submissions to include two new arguments – first, that the
Appellant had only disclosed Senamas’ bank passbooks (see [22] below) and not
its monthly bank statements, which was unsatisfactory because the passbooks
might not have been updated; second, that the Mitsui Sumitomo Bank passbook
only covered the period from March 2007 to October 2008 and not from April
2005 to April 2010 as ordered. The Judge gave the Respondent leave to amend
its submissions and granted the Appellant the right to a short reply.

18 On 25 June 2012 the Judge granted the Appellant’s application to withdraw
RA 321/2011 and dismissed RA 322/2011 and RA 323/2011. The latter dismissals
gave rise to the two appeals which were heard on 6 February 2013.

19 We allowed the appeals and now provide our reasons.

Identifying the tipping point in the decision below

20 In dismissing RA 322/2011 and RA 323/2011, the Judge was apparently
unconvinced that there were extraneous circumstances which prevented the
Appellant from complying with the court orders. The Judge was of the view that
the Appellant should have taken steps to enforce its rights under the Deed of
Assignment against Mr Takeshi, who was obliged to assist the Appellant in
enforcing the debt.[note: 26] Further, it was thought that the Appellant’s
proffered excuses of inadvertence and misunderstanding were simply too feeble
to justify its repeated failure to comply.

21 However, the Judge granted two adjournments for the Appellant to file all
the necessary documents. This suggested a favourable disposition towards the
Appellant up to the point of the third hearing. It was also evident from the
record that the Appellant did substantively comply with all its discovery
obligations by 18 May 2012. Indeed, by the time of the _first_ hearing of the
RAs all the documents which had been requested for had been disclosed in some
form, whether in the Supplementary List of Documents (which had been struck
out) or in the Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents for the appeals. The
Appellant’s new solicitors also took great pains to confirm with their
counterparts that its discovery obligations had been fully complied
with.[note: 27] Had the Respondent’s solicitors confirmed the same, there was
every indication that the Judge would have allowed RA 322/2011. However, the
Respondents replied on the day before the third hearing to express, _without
elaboration_ , the objection that the Appellant had yet to fully comply with
para 1(f) of the 26 May 2011 Order.[note: 28] At the third hearing before the
Judge the Respondent then sought leave to amend its submissions and introduce
a new contention that the passbooks did not suffice as ‘monthly bank
statements’. It was expressly acknowledged that this contention had not been
raised below.[note: 29]

22 It is important to emphasise how late in the day this novel objection was
introduced. The passbook for the Tokyo Mitsubishi account was disclosed in the
second Supplementary List of Documents on 29 June 2011. The passbook for the
Mitsui Sumitomo account was disclosed on 10 August 2011, in the third
Supplementary List of Documents – although the Appellant claimed that it had
in fact been included in the second Supplementary List of Documents but had
not been separately sighted.[note: 30] The first indication that the
Respondent was dissatisfied with the passbooks therefore materialised some
nine months after the Respondent had had sight of them. During this time, the
Respondent had five opportunities to bring its objection before the court –
there were three hearings before AR Leong and two before the Judge.

23 It is equally significant that the objection changed the very complexion of
the Respondent’s motion to strike out the Appellant’s Statement of Claim. Up
to the commencement of the very last hearing before the Judge, the
Respondent’s position had been that disclosure was _incomplete_ , not
_inadequate_. The objection was also raised at a juncture where the Appellant,
having already tested the patience of the court, could not realistically have
asked for further adjournments. The sufficiency of the bank passbooks was
therefore left as a matter for written submissions, when it effectively
constituted a separate basis for striking out against which the Appellant
should have had the full opportunity to furnish a defence.

24 The significance of the Respondent’s _volte-face_ is well-captured by the
exposition offered in Paul Matthews and Hodge M Malek, _Disclosure_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2012) (“ _Disclosure_ ”) at para 17.04:

In relation to applications arising out of a failure to comply with an order,
practice direction or rule relating to disclosure, it will depend on the
circumstances, including _the nature of the default_ , as to whether or not
evidence needs to be filed. Thus, _if there has been a failure to provide a
list of documents, an affidavit (or witness statement) from the applicant will
generally be unnecessary. If it is contended that the discovery provided is
inadequate, then evidence will usually be appropriate_ ; such evidence should
set out the history of the matter, identify the inadequacies in the disclosure
provided and the defaults relied upon. _The party alleged to be in default
will often need to file evidence_. [emphasis added]

Quite clearly, there were evidential implications arising from the
Respondent’s objection of inadequate disclosure which could not have been
adequately addressed by submissions alone. These implications are a corollary
of the qualitative assessment which must be undertaken when disclosure is
alleged to be inadequate. The bare technical argument that bank passbooks are
not ‘monthly bank statements’ cannot suffice to show that there was a
substantive breach which resulted in prejudice to the Respondent’s case.

25 As the matter panned out, the Judge dismissed the RAs after considering the
amended written submissions from both parties. Given that the Appellant had
provided complete discovery of the requested documents by the third hearing,
it was evident that the tipping point had been the novel objection introduced
at the eleventh hour. Yet it seemed to us that there was little merit in the
Respondent’s argument as to the inadequacy of the bank passbooks, which
amounted to little more than a formalistic declamation that monthly bank
statements had been ordered and only passbooks were disclosed. As the
passbooks covered the same period of time, it could not be said that they were
not an up-to-date representation of Senamas’ bank accounts. Mr Takeshi also
confirmed that the practice in Japan was for customers to rely on bank
passbooks to keep track of their accounts and that there would be no gaps in
the entries between updates. In addition, Mr Takeshi was unequivocal that
Japanese banks simply did not issue monthly bank statements in the form
requested by the Respondent.[note: 31] As such, the picture which emerged was
that the RAs had been dismissed on account of the Appellant’s failure to
produce documents which circumstantially _did not exist_ , even though an
adequate substitute had been disclosed in their stead. With this in mind we
were hard-pressed to uphold the striking out of the Appellant’s Statement of
Claim. It would not have been in the interests of justice for the Appellant’s
suit to have been stillborn due to a false-positive diagnosis of evidential
deficiency.

26 It would be apposite at this point to include further observations as to
counsel’s duty to take up all objections at the right time. In the present
case the timing and manner of the Respondent’s belated objection resulted in
the Appellant’s Statement of Claim being struck out on a technicality. It is
precisely to avoid such disproportionate and circumstantially-driven outcomes
that parties should take up all points at the right time. The same reasons
which underpin the species of _res judicata_ based on abuse of process come to
mind. The _locus classicus_ of this doctrine is found in the decision of Sir
James Wigram VC in _Henderson v Henderson_ (1843) 3 Hare 100; 67 ER 313 (_id_
at 115; 319):

[W]here a given matter becomes the subject of litigation in, and of
adjudication by, a Court of competent jurisdiction, the Court requires the
parties to that litigation to bring forward their whole case, and will not
(except under special circumstances) permit the same parties to open the same
subject of litigation in respect of [a] matter which might have been brought
forward as part of the subject in contest, but which was not brought forward,
only because they have, from negligence, inadvertence, or even accident,
omitted part of their case. The plea of _res judicata_ applies, except in
special cases, not only to points upon which the Court was actually required
by the parties to form an opinion and pronounce a judgment, but to every point
which properly belonged to the subject of litigation, and which the parties,
exercising reasonable diligence, might have brought forward at the time.

27 The doctrine now has a firm place in the canon of English law (see the
decisions of the Court of Appeal in _Johnson v Gore Wood & Co (a firm)_ [2002]
2 AC 1 and the House of Lords in _Hunter v Chief Constable of the West
Midlands Police and others_ [1982] AC 529). It has been acknowledged by this
court in _Lee Hiok Tng and another v Lee Hiok Tng_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 771 at
[24]–[26] and _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation Strata
Title Plan No 301_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 875 at [58], and applied in _Lai Swee Lin
Linda v Attorney-General_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 565 at [62]–[65]. The considerations
which go to such an abuse of process are succinctly set out in the decision of
Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) in _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others_
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 at [53]:

To put it shortly, a court should determine whether there is an abuse of
process by looking at all the circumstances of the case, including whether the
later proceedings in substance _is nothing more than a collateral attack upon
the previous decision; whether there is fresh evidence that might warrant re-
litigation; whether there are_ bona fide _reasons why an issue that ought to
have been raised in the earlier action was not; and whether there are some
other special circumstances that might justify allowing the case to proceed_.
The absence or existence of these enumerated factors (which are not intended
to be exhaustive) is not decisive. In determining whether the ambient
circumstances of the case give rise to an abuse of process, the court should
not adopt an inflexible or unyielding attitude but should remain guided by the
balance to be found in the tension between the demands of ensuring that a
litigant who has a genuine claim is allowed to press his case in court and
recognising that there is a point beyond which repeated litigation would be
unduly oppressive to the defendant. [emphasis added]

28 Turning to the circumstances of the present appeal, the late employment of
the inadequate disclosure objection functioned – intentionally or otherwise –
as an ambush on the Appellant after it had finally overcome the first level of
obstacles. Counsel for the Respondent was unable to offer a better explanation
than inadvertence in the face of voluminous disclosure as to why the objection
had not been raised earlier when it had numerous opportunities to do so. The
Respondent also conceded that it had had sight of the bank Passbooks for fully
nine months before the objection was made. In consideration of these factors,
the Appellant would have been thoroughly justified to complain that the
belated introduction of inadequate disclosure as a basis for striking out was
itself an abuse of process.

29 We would add that it is all the more incumbent upon the applicant for an
‘unless order’ to raise all its arguments at the earliest opportunity. An
analogy can be drawn to applications for summary judgment under O 14 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”), which also
entails the peremptory foreclosure of a statement of claim or defence. In
_Chun Thong Ping v Soh Kok Hong and another_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 204 (“ _Chun
Thong Ping_ ”) at [10], Tay Yong Kwang J held that a plaintiff in an O 14
application cannot rely in an appeal on a new cause of action added after the
matter was decided at first instance, as that would leave the defendant
without an answer in his defence to the amended claim. This aspect of _Chun
Thong Ping_ was affirmed by Woo Bih Li J at [104] of _Lee Hsien Loong v Review
Publishing Co Ltd and another and another suit_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 177, which was
upheld by this court in _Review Publishing Co Ltd and another v Lee Hsien
Loong and another appeal_ [2010] 1 SLR 52. Where an applicant is seeking to
strike out a statement of claim on the basis of a breach of an ‘unless order’,
similar concerns arise. If, after an ‘unless order’ has been obtained, a
separate breach of the original order of court is identified as the basis for
the striking out application, the defendant would have been denied the
opportunity to rectify that breach or to prove its _bona fides_ in attempting
to do so. This was effectively what transpired in the present case – the
Respondent raised, at the eleventh hour, an entirely new breach of the 26 May
2011 Order after having relied on the default committed by incomplete
disclosure as the basis for the first and second Unless Orders as well as its
striking out application.

30 In the premises, we were of the view that the Respondent should not have
been permitted to introduce a novel objection at such an advanced and
irretrievable stage of proceedings, and should instead have had to file a
fresh application to strike out the Appellant’s Statement of Claim based on
inadequate disclosure.

Procedural irregularities

31 A further point which appeared to have eluded the attention of the
Appellant was that the documents referred to in the 26 May 2011 Order
pertained principally to the Respondent’s counterclaim rather than its defence
in the main suit. As much was acknowledged by counsel for the Respondent in
oral submissions before AR Leong on 31 August 2011:[note: 32]

Mr Ooi said that they have provided a lot of documents, the point is that the
undisclosed documents are significant. One of the pleaded position in the
Counterclaim is that the Plaintiff had acted in breach of an exclusive agency
agreement, _one way to find out whether there was a breach is to look at the
bank account statements_ , _the income tax statements and the financial
statements_ , to show whether the Plaintiff had been earning an income in
breach of the exclusive agency agreement. We had pleaded in the Counterclaim
that there was at least one party which whom [_sic_] the Plaintiff was
contracting with. An adverse inference should be drawn. [emphasis added]

32 It stands to reason that the Appellant’s application to strike out the
Respondent’s counterclaim (SUM 2997/2011) should have been heard first. If the
counterclaim had been struck off then the documents would no longer have to be
disclosed. Equally, if the striking out application against the counterclaim
had been dismissed, the court could then determine whether the documents
contained in the third and fourth Supplementary List of Documents were
relevant _in relation to the main suit_. If it transpired that the documents
were irrelevant, there would have been no basis for the Respondent’s
application (SUM 3159/2011) to strike out the Appellant’s Statement of Claim
for breach of the first and second Unless Orders. On the other hand, if the
documents had been relevant to the main suit then the Appellant’s application
for an extension of time (SUM 4115/2011) would have to be considered. In the
premises, the three summonses were considered in tandem. This produced the
irregular result wherein the Appellant’s suit was peremptorily terminated
without taking the third and fourth Supplementary Lists of Documents into
account, whilst the application to strike out the Respondent’s counterclaim
was “consequently dismissed”.[note: 33]

33 The irregularity was amplified by the fact that the Respondent’s
counterclaim might well have been directed against the _wrong party_. The Deed
of Assignment between the Appellant and Senamas did not purport to transfer
any of the latter’s obligations or liabilities under the Consultant Agreement
along with the debt. Clause 4 of the Deed of Assignment stated:

4\. If and so far as is necessary for the purpose of this Assignment the
Assignor shall do execute and/or perform all things necessary including
appointment of the Assignee as the attorney of the Assignor _to demand sue for
recover receive and give effectual discharge for the Debt hereby assigned or
any part thereof_.

[emphasis added]

34 On the face of the Deed of Assignment, therefore, the Appellant was
_stricto sensu_ a non-party to the Respondent’s counterclaim. Be that as it
may, the Appellant did not raise any protest to being designated as the
defendant to the Respondent’s counterclaim. Indeed, it had positively
conducted itself as though it was the proper defendant to the counterclaim.
Nevertheless, had the court realised that the counterclaim ought to have been
directed at Senamas instead of the Appellant, it would have kept a clear
distinction between the main suit and the counterclaim. In particular, it was
important not to elide the two actions where a peremptory order was being
sought for breach of discovery obligations which an assignee might find more
difficult to fulfil.

Proportionality

35 It is self-evident that the breach of an ‘unless order’ will automatically
trigger its specified adverse consequences (see Jeffrey Pinsler SC,
_Principles of Civil Procedure_ (Academy Publishing, 2013) at para 01.032).
The onus will then be on the defaulting party to demonstrate that the breach
had not been intentional and contumelious so as to avoid those consequences.
The _locus classicus_ for this proposition is traceable to Sir Nicolas Browne-
Wilkinson VC’s decision in _In re Jokai Tea Holdings_ [1992] 1 WLR 1196 (“ _In
re Jokai Tea Holdings”)_ at 1203B _:_

In my judgment, in cases in which the court has to decide what are the
consequences of a failure to comply with an “unless” order, the relevant
question is whether such failure is intentional and contumelious. The court
should not be astute to find excuses for such failure since obedience to
orders of the court is the foundation on which its authority is founded. But
if a party can clearly demonstrate that there was no intention to ignore or
flout the order and that the failure to obey was due to extraneous
circumstances, such failure to obey is not to be treated as contumelious and
therefore does not disentitle the litigant to rights which he would otherwise
have enjoyed.

36 The same criteria has been affirmed in the Singapore courts, notably by
this court in _Syed Mohamed Abdul Muthaliff and another v Arjan Bhisham
Chotrani_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 361 (“ _Syed Mohd_ ”). However, in _Syed Mohd_ the
judicial discretion to grant extensions of time was also emphasised by the
interpolation that the ‘intentional and contumelious’ test was not exhaustive.
The following exposition was offered at [14] of _Syed Mohd_ :

Whether or not the default was “intentional and contumelious” is not the sole
criterion upon which the discretion of the court in deciding whether or not to
strike out is exercised. ...

The _crux of the matter is that the party seeking to escape the consequences
of his default must show that he had made positive efforts to comply but was
prevented from doing so by extraneous circumstances_.

[emphasis added]

37 Indeed, even where it has been established that an intentional and
contumelious breach of an ‘unless order’ had been committed, the court must
nevertheless determine what sanction should be imposed as a result. In _In re
Jokai Tea Holdings_ , Parker LJ opined at 1206 that:

I have used the expression “so heinous” because it appears to me that there
must be degrees of appropriate consequences even where the conduct of someone
who has failed to comply with a penal order can properly be described as
contumacious or contumelious or in deliberate disregard of the order, just as
there are degrees of appropriate punishments for contempt of court by breach
of an undertaking or injunction. Albeit deliberate, one deliberate breach may
in the circumstances warrant no more than a fine, whilst another may in the
circumstances warrant imprisonment.

38 The same passage was also cited with approval by this Court in _Syed Mohd_
at [24], _en route_ to over-turning the High Court’s decision to uphold a
striking-out order. It was also noted at [22] of _Syed Mohd_ that in taking
all circumstances of the case into account, the court must also include the
prejudice suffered by the respondent.

39 The judicial philosophy espoused in these cases clearly reveals a tendency
to be guided by considerations of proportionality in assessing breaches of
‘unless orders’. The clearest expression of this approach can perhaps be found
in _Teeni Enterprise Pte Ltd v Singco Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 115, wherein Chan
Seng Onn J opined at [64]:

Clearly, the court must balance the need to ensure compliance with court
orders which are made to be adhered to and not ignored, and the need to ensure
that a party would not be summarily deprived of its cause of action or have
default judgment entered against it without any hearing of the merits
especially when the non-compliance or breach, having regard to all the
relevant circumstances, was not so serious or aggravating as to warrant such a
severe consequence: see _Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu
Man_ [2006] 2 SLR 117 at [4]. The discretionary power to enforce the unless
order according to its strict terms must therefore be exercised judiciously
and cautiously after carefully weighing everything in the balance.

40 We were inclined to agree with these observations and noted that they were
in line with the guidance of Auld LJ in _Hytec Information Systems Ltd v
Coventry City Council_ [1997] 1 WLR 1666 (“ _Hytec_ ”) at 1677, which was also
cited in _Syed Mohd_ at [14]:

[T]here is no need to confine the test to that of an intentional disregard of
a court’s peremptory order, whether or not it is characterised as flouting,
contumelious, contumacious, perverse, obstinate or otherwise. Such an intent
may be the most usual circumstances giving rise to the exercise of this
jurisdiction. But failure to comply with one or a number of orders through
negligence, incompetence or sheer indolence could equally qualify for its
exercise. It all depends on the individual circumstances and the existence and
the degree of fault found by the court after hearing representations to the
contrary by the party whose pleading it is sought to strike out.

41 In the present case, there was a need to balance the Appellant’s repeated
non-compliance up to 31 August 2011 – which militated against any exercise of
judicial leniency – and the plain fact that all the documents for which
discovery had been sought, and which were within the Appellant’s possession,
power or control, had subsequently been disclosed. It appears that the Judge
below had thought that the balance should have been struck in the Appellant’s
favour until the amended submissions tipped the scales. We also noted that the
Respondent did not suffer from any irremediable prejudice due to the delay in
the disclosure of documents. Its counterclaim remains intact and as the
documents sought did not have a clear connection to the Respondent’s defence
in the main suit, we did not think that the Respondent’s legal position would
have been compromised should both matters proceed to trial. This had to be
balanced together with the fact that the Appellant, as the assignee of the
debt, was hamstrung by extraneous circumstances due to Mr Takeshi’s initial
resistance to disclosing the documents, and that this obstacle appeared to
have been removed by the time of the appeal before us. All things considered,
we did not think that it was proportionate for the Appellant’s Statement of
Claim to be struck out owing to its earlier breaches of ‘unless orders’.

The juridical function of ‘unless orders’

42 We pause here to note that ‘unless orders’ remain a potent tool for the
efficient and prompt administration of justice. It is axiomatic that this is
indispensable to the practical realisation of the rule of law. As Auld LJ
observed in _Hytec_ at 1674–1675:

Because it is his last chance, a failure to comply will ordinarily result in
the sanction being imposed. ... This sanction is _a necessary forensic weapon
which the broader interests of the administration of justice require to be
deployed_ unless the most compelling reason is advanced to exempt his failure.
... The interests of justice require that justice be shown to the injured
party for the procedural inefficiencies caused by the twin scourges of delay
and wasted costs. The public interest in the administration of justice to
contain those two blights upon it also weighs very heavily. Any injustice to
the defaulting party, though never to be ignored, comes a long way behind the
other two. [emphasis added]

43 The English Court of Appeal has also reiterated the same point more
recently in _Marcan Shipping (London) Ltd v Kefalas_ [2007] 1 WLR 1864 (“
_Marcan Shipping_ ”). At [36] of Moore-Bick LJ’s judgment, there is a succinct
summation of the practical approach to be taken by the courts which also
acknowledges that the effectiveness of ‘unless orders’ cuts both ways:

[B]efore making conditional orders, particularly orders for the striking out
of statements of case or the dismissal of claims or counterclaims, the judge
_should consider carefully whether the sanction being imposed is appropriate
in all the circumstances of the case_. Of course, it is impossible to foresee
the nature and effect of every possible breach and the party in default can
always apply for relief, but a conditional order striking out a statement of
case or dismissing the claim or counterclaim is one of the **_most powerful
weapons in the court's case management armoury and should not be deployed
unless its consequences can be justified_**. I find it difficult to imagine
circumstances in which such an order could properly be made for what were
described in _Keen Phillips v Field_ as “good housekeeping purposes”.
[emphasis added in bold italics]

44 It is precisely because of the potency of “unless orders” that they must be
used with due care. As much as the coercive powers of the court are needed to
deter recalcitrant breaches of process, routine use of “unless orders” would
be the forensic equivalent of using a sledgehammer to crack a walnut. Further,
the efficient _administration_ of the law does not constitute an end unto
itself and ought not to compromise the very tenets of justice and fairness
which it is meant to serve. In this regard the guidance of Collins MR in _In
re Coles and Ravenshear_ [1907] 1 KB 1 at 4 remains as relevant as ever:

Although I agree that a Court cannot conduct its business without a code of
procedure, I think that the relation of rules of practice to the work of
justice is intended to be that of handmaid rather than mistress, and the Court
ought not to be so far bound and tied by rules, which are after all only
intended as general rules of procedure, as to be compelled to do what will
cause injustice in the particular case.

45 It repays reminding that the immediate purpose of an “unless order” is not
to punish misconduct but to secure a fair trial in accordance with due process
of law (see also _Disclosure_ at para 17.05). Since it is axiomatic that
“unless orders” must mean what they say, it is imperative that such orders are
drafted with due care and consideration. This point is well-made in _Zuckerman
on Civil Procedure: Principles of Practice_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2003) at
para 10.143:

If unless orders are to be effective in securing timely compliance they must,
first, be used sparingly, as has just been suggested. Second, unless orders
will tend to be taken seriously only if the parties believe that they would be
enforced. The wise counsel that one should not make threats that one cannot
carry out, or mean to do so, applies to court orders with even greater
poignancy. Idle threats would diminish the authority of the court and
undermine the normative force of rules and court orders. It follows that _a
court should not stipulate consequences that would infringe the right to fair
trial or would be otherwise unjust_. _Put differently, an unless order should
only stipulate consequences that it would be proper, on the basis of the
information then available, to visit on the defaulter_. [emphasis added]

With all of the foregoing points in mind, we would suggest the following
guidelines for the more scrupulous use of “unless orders”:

(a) “unless orders” stipulating the consequence of dismissal should not be
given as a matter of course but as a last resort when the defaulter’s conduct
is inexcusable;

(b) the conditions appended to ‘unless orders’ should as far as possible be
tailored to the prejudice which would be suffered should there be non-
compliance; and

(c) other means of penalising contumelious or persistent breaches are
available, including but not limited to

(i) awarding costs on an indemnity basis;

(ii) ordering the payment of the plaintiff’s claim or part thereof into court
where the defaulting party is a defendant (see _Husband’s of Marchwood Ltd v
Drummond Walker Developments Ltd_ [1975] 1 WLR 603 at 605);

(iii) striking out relevant portions of the defaulting party’s Statement of
Claim or Defence rather than the whole;

(iv) barring the defaulting party from adducing certain classes of evidence or
calling related witnesses; and

(v) raising adverse inferences against the defaulting party at trial.

46 In this regard, the draconian sanction of striking out a litigant’s claim
or defence in its entirety should not be the default consequence of an “unless
order” as it would effectively deprive the litigant of its _substantive_
rights on account of a _procedural_ fault. The public interest in the timely
delivery of justice does not necessitate all “unless orders” to carry a
nuclear payload. Indeed, the indiscriminate issuance of such heavy-handed
orders will undermine their enforceability and thereby also their core
function of deterrence. There is also a serious risk that the fair
administration of justice will be frustrated if “unless orders” become a
quotidian feature of civil litigation. Interlocutory procedure will begin to
resemble a strategic game of brinksmanship when profligate use of peremptory
orders is accompanied with ever shorter time-lines for compliance. In the
instant appeal we were concerned that the time given for compliance with the
first and second Unless Orders – five days including the weekend – was rather
short given that the Appellant did not have direct access to the subject
documents. The early availability of “unless orders” allowed the Respondent to
rapidly compound the weaknesses in the Appellant’s position and to push home
its advantage with alacrity. While the Respondent was not entirely without
fault, we thought that the precipitous foreclosure of its procedural options
was startling.

47 Finally, we do not think that the more calibrated use of “unless orders”
would be translated into a charter for delay, as litigants who commit process
breaches will continue to be penalised and remain vulnerable to the ultimate
sanction of a striking out order. It also remains the case that under O 24 r
16(1) of the Rules of Court, an action or defence can be struck out for
failure to make discovery of documents even if the defaulting party rectifies
his non-compliance. The court’s power to strike out an action may be properly
invoked in cases involving an inexcusable breach of a significant procedural
obligation. It follows that the breach of an “unless order” which compels
discovery will be susceptible to such an order. This was the case in _Manilal
and Sons (Pte) Ltd v Bhupendra K J Shan (trading as JB International)_ [1989]
2 SLR(R) 603 (at [61]–[63]) and in _Tan Kok Ing v Ang Boon Aik and Others_
[2002] SGHC 215 (at [30]), where the documents which were deliberately
withheld in breach of “unless orders” pertained materially to the pleadings.
In the latter case, Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) commented at [36] that a
failure to disclose need not be continuing before it is capable of attracting
a remedial response from the courts, as this would create a moral hazard
wherein a defaulter can “quickly offer to make disclosure once his deception
has been discovered”. Such concerns are both legitimate and genuine, and we
would add that litigants who have demonstrably conducted themselves in this
fashion are likely to conspire to sabotage a fair trial as well. For example,
in _Lee Chang-Rung and others v Standard Chartered Bank_ [2011] 1 SLR 337 (at
[34]– 35]), Tay Yong Kwang J upheld the striking out of the plaintiffs’ action
for failure to comply with an “unless order” because their conduct did not
suggest that they would take their discovery obligations seriously and pursue
their claim honestly and fairly.

48 It is clear beyond peradventure that the court is entitled to look at all
circumstances in its assessment of whether the striking out application should
be granted. Indeed, in exceptional circumstances, an action may be struck out
even where there might still be a reasonable prospect of a fair trial, as
acknowledged in GP Selvam, _Singapore Civil Procedure, Volume 1_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2013) at para 24/16/1:

Although the normal prerequisite for the striking out of an action under r.16
is the existence of a real or substantial or serious risk that fair trial will
no longer be possible, in cases of contumacious conduct, the deliberate
destruction or suppression of a document or the persistent disregard of an
order of production would engage the court’s jurisdiction and justify a
striking out order even where a fair trial was still possible ...

49 We would add that this general position is also mirrored in Australia, as
set out in Bernard Cairns, _Australian Civil Procedure_ (Thomson Reuters, 9th
Ed, 2011) at para 10.759:

While the court has a wide power over the plaintiff’s default, it is
discretionary in nature. It strikes out a proceeding only where the plaintiff
wilfully disregards obligations under the rules or where the circumstances
show that a drastic order is indicated. In _Commonwealth Bank of Australia v
Quade_ (1991) 178 CLR 134 the High Court held that incomplete discovery is a
ground for ordering a new trial.

50 In the present case, we were convinced that a fair trial was eminently
possible and that the Respondent’s initial failings did not suffice to justify
the striking out of its Statement of Claim.

Conclusion

51 At the conclusion of the hearing we allowed both appeals with no order of
costs. Cost orders below were not disturbed.

* * *

[note: 1]8th affidavit of Andreas Thanos at [13], Core Bundle Vol 2 at p36

[note: 2]Defence and Counterclaim dated 23 August 2010; Core Bundle Vol 2 at
p7

[note: 3]_Ibid_ at [13]; Core Bundle Vol 2 at p54

[note: 4]8th affidavit of Andreas Thanos at [14], Core Bundle Vol 2 at p37

[note: 5]8th affidavit of Andreas Thanos; Respondent’s Supplemental Core
Bundle at pp 30–32

[note: 6]See n1 _supra_

[note: 7]_Ibid_ at [4]; Core Bundle Vol 2 at p8

[note: 8]Statement of Claim dated 22 July 2010; Core Bundle Vol 2 at p4

[note: 9]Suit No 535/2010

[note: 10]1st Affidavit of Walter Ferix at p25; Record of Appeal Vol 3B at p74

[note: 11]_Ibid_ at [3]; Core Bundle Vol 2 at pp4-5

[note: 12]Defence and Counterclaim dated 23 August 2010; Core Bundle Vol 2 at
p12

[note: 13]_Ibid_ ; Core Bundle Vol 2 at pp14-15; Record of Appeal Vol 3A at
p180

[note: 14]Core Bundle Vol 2 at pp4-6

[note: 15]See Record of Appeal Vol 3A pp48-50 for categories of documents
requested

[note: 16]Record of Appeal Vol 2 at pp98-101

[note: 17]Core Bundle Vol 2 at pp19-22

[note: 18]Record of Appeal Vol 3A at pp121-123

[note: 19]Record of Appeal Vol 3A at pp297-298

[note: 20]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle at p60

[note: 21]Record of Appeal Vol 3A at pp293-294

[note: 22]Core Bundle Vol 1 at p5

[note: 23]Record of Appeal Vol 3B at pp312-315

[note: 24]See Minute Sheet for 16 May 2012

[note: 25]Core Bundle Vol 2 at pp165-168

[note: 26]Core Bundle Vol 1 at p11, Grounds of Decision at [6]

[note: 27]Core Bundle Vol 2 at pp165-170

[note: 28]_Ibid_ at p172

[note: 29]See Minute Sheet dated 23 May 2012

[note: 30]See n1

[note: 31]Core Bundle Vol 2 at pp176-177

[note: 32]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle at pp60-61

[note: 33]Core Bundle Vol 1 at p5

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

