Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chimbusco International Petroleum (Singapore) Pte Ltd _v_ Jalalludin bin
Abdullah and other matters  
[2013] SGHC 55

Case Number| :| Bankruptcy OS No 752 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 263 and
284 of 2012), Bankruptcy OS No 959 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 264 and 283
of 2012), Bankruptcy OS No 961 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 265 and 285 of
2012), Companies Winding Up OS No 89 of 2012, Companies Winding Up OS No 90 of
2012 and Companies Winding Up OS No 91 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 February 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Vinodh Coomaraswamy JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ms Wendy Tan and Mr Tony Tan (Stamford Law Corporation)
for the plaintiff; Mr Andre Maniam SC and Mr Derek Tan (WongPartnership LLP)
for the defendants; Ms Karen Ang (Insolvency & Public Trustee's Office) for
the Official Receiver.  
Parties| :|  Chimbusco International Petroleum (Singapore) Pte Ltd —
Jalalludin bin Abdullah  
  
28 February 2013|  
---|---  
  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy JC:

Introduction

1 The question before me is whether I should allow, dismiss or stay on
conditions – and if so on what conditions – insolvency proceedings which the
plaintiff, Chimbusco International Petroleum (Singapore) (“Chimbusco”) has
brought against six defendants. The issue arises because the plaintiff does
not have a judgment which determines that the defendants are indebted to it.

2 Chimbusco trades oil. It had mutual dealings with a company known as Gas
Trade (S) Pte Ltd (“Gas Trade”). Those dealings gave rise to mutual credits
and mutual debits. They maintained a running account. As at 29 February 2012,
the net position between the two arising was that Gas Trade owed Chimbusco
US$13,015,342.03[note: 1]. This net position arose from dealings between
August 2011 and December 2011.

3 Chimbusco obviously had a direct claim against Gas Trade for this debt. In
addition, Chimbusco had the benefit of personal and corporate guarantees for
this debt from ten guarantors: three individuals and seven companies. But
Chimbusco did not seek to obtain a judgment, either that Gas Trade was liable
to Chimbusco for this debt as principal debtor or that any of the 10
guarantors was liable to Chimbusco for this debt under their guarantees.

4 On 3 April 2012, Chimbusco commenced winding up proceedings against two of
the ten guarantors. On 4 April 2012, it commenced bankruptcy proceedings
against one guarantor. On 16 April 2012 and 17 April 2012, it commenced
winding up proceedings against two more guarantors. On 25 April 2012 all of
the ten guarantors together with Gas Trade initiated Suit No 347 of 2012
(“S347”) against Chimbusco. The purpose of S347 was to secure a judicial
determination that Chimbusco was not entitled to pursue Gas Trade or the
guarantors. On 2 May 2012, Chimbusco commenced bankruptcy proceedings against
two more guarantors. And on 31 May 2012, it commenced winding up proceedings
against the final three guarantors as well as against the principal debtor,
Gas Trade.

5 On 1 June 2012, Philip Pillai J ordered that four of the corporate
guarantors be wound up. They were wound up not because Pillai J found that
they owed money to Chimbusco. They were wound up because they admitted that
they were insolvent. On 6 July 2012, Lai Siu Chiu J ordered that Gas Trade,
the principal debtor, be wound up.

6 The six remaining insolvency proceedings came before me. Three of them came
before me on appeal from an Assistant Registrar exercising bankruptcy
jurisdiction. The other three came before me at first instance as winding up
proceedings against the three remaining corporate guarantors. The guarantors
invited me to dismiss all six of these insolvency proceedings. Chimbusco
invited me to make six insolvency orders. I did not do either. Instead, I
stayed all six proceedings on condition. The condition was that the guarantors
provide security to Chimbusco for the debt claimed against them within three
weeks of my order. The deadline was 14 September 2012.

7 On 18 September 2012, the six insolvency proceedings came before me again.
All six guarantors had failed to provide any security at all. The papers in
the insolvency proceedings were in order. Chimbusco submitted that I should
make the insolvency orders which they sought. There was no impediment to my
doing so. I therefore adjudicated the three individual guarantors bankrupt and
ordered that the three corporate guarantors be wound up, all unconditionally.

8 Two of the three individual guarantors who appealed to me and two of the
three corporate guarantors who appeared before me at first instance have now
appealed against my decision. I now set out my reasons.

Factual background

Three documents executed on or around 15 July 2011

9 Chimbusco and Gas Trade’s mutual business dealings and running account
started in or around August 2010. As a result of these dealings, Gas Trade
owed Chimbusco a net debt. Chimbusco was concerned about getting paid. To
address that concern, on or about 15 July 2011, the parties before me executed
three documents.

10 The first document was an undated instalment payment agreement. In this
agreement, Gas Trade acknowledged its indebtedness to Chimbusco. This
agreement permitted Gas Trade to repay its debt to Chimbusco by monthly
instalments over time in consideration for Chimbusco refraining from forthwith
commencing legal proceedings against Gas Trade. Gas Trade also agreed to pay
interest on its debt at 2.5% per annum from 1 July 2011 onwards.

11 The second document was a joint and several corporate guarantee dated 15
July 2011. It was executed by all seven corporate guarantors. It secured all
amounts, debts and liabilities due and owing by Gas Trade to Chimbusco plus
interest and costs. The corporate guarantors also undertook, as a continuing
obligation, to discharge all obligations and liabilities which were then or
should at any time be owing from Gas Trade to Chimbusco[note: 2]. The
corporate guarantees are unlimited in amount. All seven of the corporate
guarantors are affiliated with Gas Trade through common ownership or common
control.

12 Chimbusco’s insolvency proceedings against three of those seven corporate
guarantors came before me. They are:

(a) Paradigm Shipping Pte Ltd (“Paradigm Shipping”), the defendant in
Companies Winding Up Originating Summons (“CWU”) No 89 of 2012;

(b) Hir Huat Trading Pte Ltd (“Hir Huat”), the defendant in CWU 90 of 2012;
and

(c) Peta Marine Services Pte Ltd (“Peta Marine”), the defendant in CWU 91 of
2012.

13 The third document was a joint and several personal guarantee dated 15 July
2011 executed by three individual guarantors. These guarantees are limited in
amount: they limit the personal guarantor’s joint and several liability to
US$4 million plus interest and costs.[note: 3]

14 The three personal guarantors are directors of one or more of the seven
corporate guarantors. They are:

(a) Mr Mohd Zain Bin Abdullah (“Mr Zain”), the defendant in B961 of 2012.

(b) Mr Jalalludin Bin Abdullah (“Mr Jalalludin”), the defendant in B959 of
2012.

(c) Mr Mohammad Bin Abdul Rahman (“Mr Mohammad”), the defendant in B752 of
2012.

15 Chimbusco’s insolvency proceedings against the corporate guarantors and the
personal guarantors are founded on their respective guarantees. Each of the
two guarantees had a copy of Gas Trade’s instalment payment agreement
physically annexed to it.

16 After these three documents were executed, Chimbusco and Gas Trade
continued their mutual dealings. As at 29 February 2012, Gas Trade owed
Chimbusco a net debt of US$13,015,342.03,[note: 4] including interest. This
debt arose from mutual dealings between August and December 2011.

Chimbusco demands payment

17 On 29 February 2012, Chimbusco demanded in writing payment of this debt
from Gas Trade as principal debtor and from all ten of Gas Trade’s guarantors.
They did not deny that they were liable to pay. But they did not pay.

18 On various dates in March 2012, Chimbusco served statutory demands for
payment of this debt on all seven corporate guarantors pursuant to s 254(2)(a)
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed).[note: 5] They still did not deny
that they were liable. But they still did not pay.

19 On various dates, also in March 2012, Chimbusco served statutory demands on
the personal guarantors pursuant to s 62(a) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20,
2009 Rev Ed). These demands were in the sum of US$4,202,572.12[note: 6]
because of the limit of US$4 million plus interest and costs under the
personal guarantees. The personal guarantors too did not pay. Nor did the
personal guarantors make any attempt to set aside the statutory demands under
r 97(1) of the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed) on the grounds set
out in r 98(2)(b): that they “disputed [the debt] on grounds which appear . .
. to be substantial”. Nor did the personal guarantors dispute in any other way
that they were liable for the debt which Chimbusco demanded.

20 Chimbusco then applied to wind up the principal debtor and the seven
corporate guarantors and to bankrupt the three personal guarantors. I have
detailed the chronology of these proceedings at [4]. It was only on 25 April
2012 that the guarantors raised any dispute at all about their liability. They
did so when Gas Trade and all ten guarantors commenced S347 against Chimbusco.

Bankruptcy applications heard at first instance

21 Assistant Registrar Elaine Chew (“the AR”) heard the three bankruptcy
applications on 3 July 2012. She found a number of triable issues of fact and
law underlying the debt which formed the basis of the bankruptcy applications.
So she did not make bankruptcy orders. But she found also a number of
unsatisfactory points in the personal guarantors’ case.[note: 7] She concluded
that that the personal guarantors had only barely met the threshold of showing
a substantial dispute as to the underlying debt. Therefore, she did not
dismiss the bankruptcy applications either. Instead, she ordered that the
bankruptcy applications be stayed pending the resolution of S347. But she
imposed a condition: each personal guarantor was to furnish security of US$1
million to Chimbusco within three weeks. If they did not, the stay would
lapse. The court could and would then make bankruptcy orders against the
personal guarantors.

All parties appeal

22 All parties appealed against the AR’s decision. Chimbusco appealed by way
of Registrar’s Appeals (“RA”) 283, 284 and 285 of 2012. Chimbusco argued that
the AR was wrong to have accepted that there were triable issues and contended
that the AR should have made the bankruptcy orders outright. The personal
guarantors appealed by way of RA No 263, 264 and 265 of 2012. They argued that
the AR ought to have dismissed the bankruptcy applications outright.
Alternatively, they argued that she was wrong to have imposed conditions on
their stay.

23 All six appeals were fixed for hearing before me. I heard them together
with Chimbusco’s winding up applications against the last three corporate
guarantors: Paradigm Shipping, Hir Huat and Peta Marine. After hearing the
parties’ submissions, I dismissed the personal guarantors’ three appeals with
costs. I allowed Chimbusco’s three appeals in part. I ordered as follows:

(a) The personal guarantors would have a stay of the bankruptcy applications
pending the outcome of S347 if they provided security in the full amount –
US$4,202,572.12 – that was demanded from them in the statutory demands served
on them.

(b) The personal guarantors were to provide that security jointly.

(c) They were to furnish the security within three weeks.

24 My order in effect gave the personal guarantors from 3 July 2012 up to 14
September 2012 to come up with the security, albeit now in the sum of US$4.2
million instead of US$3 million as had been ordered by the AR.

25 I made substantially the same order in the three winding up applications
against the three corporate guarantors. The corporate guarantors would have a
stay of the winding up applications pending the outcome of S347 if they
provided security for the full amount which Chimbusco claimed against them as
at the date of the winding up applications – US$13,015,342.03 – within 21
days. To ensure that Chimbusco was not oversecured, I permitted the corporate
guarantors to deduct from their security any security which the personal
guarantors may provide.

Guarantors fail to provide security

26 None of the guarantors provided any security.

27 On 18 September 2012, the parties appeared before me again on the
guarantors’ application for further arguments. I heard the further arguments.
I affirmed my earlier decision. Counsel for Chimbusco invited me to make the
bankruptcy and winding up orders. There was nothing to stop me from doing so.
The guarantors had failed to provide security within the time I had
stipulated. The Official Receiver confirmed that the papers were in order. But
counsel for the guarantors indicated that he had instructions to appeal to the
Court of Appeal against my decision of 24 August 2012 and to seek from me a
stay pending appeal in respect of four of the six guarantors before me. They
were Mr Jalalludin, Mr Zain, Paradigm Shipping and Hir Huat. I fixed that stay
application to be heard on 20 September 2012.

28 Counsel for the guarantors further indicated that he had no instructions to
appeal in respect of Mr Mohammad and Peta Marine or to seek a stay of the
insolvency proceedings against them. I therefore adjudicated Mr Mohammad
bankrupt in B752 of 2012 and ordered that Peta Marine be wound up in CWU 91 of
2012.

29 On 19 September 2012, I heard arguments on the remaining four guarantors’
application for a stay pending appeal. I declined the stay. Counsel for the
guarantors then indicated that he had instructions to renew his application
for a stay before the Court of Appeal on an urgent basis. I therefore
adjourned the four remaining insolvency proceedings briefly to permit him to
make that application.

30 On the morning of 21 September 2012, Lai Siu Chiu J, exercising the powers
of the Court of Appeal in an interlocutory matter, dismissed the four
guarantors’ renewed applications for a stay pending appeal. In the afternoon
of 21 September 2012 the matters came back before me. There being no stay, I
ordered that Hir Huat be wound up in CWU 90 of 2012, I adjudicated Mr Zain
bankrupt in B961 of 2012, I ordered that Paradigm Shipping be wound up in CWU
89 of 2012 and I adjudicated Mr Jalalludin bankrupt in B959 of 2012.

31 These four guarantors are now the appellants in CA 115, 116, 117 and 118 of
2012 respectively.

The legal principles

32 The question I had to address was whether on the material before me, I
should in respect of each insolvency proceeding: (i) make unconditional
insolvency orders; (ii) dismiss unconditionally the insolvency proceedings; or
(iii) stay the insolvency proceedings pending the outcome of S347, with or
without conditions.

Summary judgment test of triable issue applies in insolvency

33 Whether the responding party owes the initiating party money is a question
which a court has to determine both in a civil suit for money as well as in
insolvency proceedings. But there are differences between the two types of
proceedings. Those differences affect the context in which a court considers
that question in each type of proceedings. Does that make a difference to the
substantive test which the court applies to determine the issue?

34 The answer is no. The Court of Appeal in in _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S
Y Technology Inc and another appeal_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“ _Pacific
Recreation”)_ recognised the distinction between civil proceedings and
insolvency proceedings. It accepted that a winding-up order was a “draconian
order” to make (at [16]-[17]). But it nevertheless held that:

(a) a judge hearing winding up proceedings is entitled to evaluate the
strength of the evidence presented by a company resisting the proceedings on
the grounds that it is not indebted to the initiating party; and

(b) the standard for evaluating that evidence and determining whether the
company ought to be wound up is “no more than that for resisting a summary
judgment application, _ie_ , the debtor-company need only raise triable issues
in order to obtain a stay or dismissal of the winding-up application” (at
[23]).

Civil proceedings compared to insolvency proceedings

35 Despite the differences between the two types of proceedings, that must be
correct. The substantive purpose of a civil suit is to adjudicate on the
merits the dispute between plaintiff and defendant over their private rights.
The default rule is that that adjudication will take place deploying the
unabridged civil process including discovery and cross-examination at trial.
That civil process can be abridged in suitable cases by way of exception to
that default rule. The plaintiff will be entitled to take advantage of the
abridged process and secure judgment by that means if it can show that there
are no triable issues. Whichever method of adjudication is found appropriate,
the civil suit’s substantive endpoint is a formal adjudication of the parties’
rights which is final subject only to appeal. Once the civil court has
adjudicated on the civil suit, it will go on to assist the victor to receive
and retain the fruits of its victory for its individual benefit.

36 Insolvency proceedings are not about individual benefit. Indeed, one of the
fundamental objectives of insolvency proceedings is to _preclude_ action for
individual benefit. Where an entity’s liabilities exceed its assets or where
it is unable to pay its debts in full as they fall due, it is insolvent. It is
then in the collective interest of all of the insolvent’s creditors to
substitute for piecemeal individual action an orderly process for conserving,
collecting, realising and distributing its assets _pari passu_. Insolvency law
comprises the legal rules applicable to initiate and carry out that orderly
process. Where a party initiates insolvency proceedings, there are only two
questions of fact for the insolvency court: (a) does the initiating party have
the standing required by the insolvency proceedings it invokes; and (b) is the
responding party insolvent. If the answer to both questions is yes, the court
will almost invariably make an insolvency order. If it does, the insolvent’s
assets will be externally administered for the collective benefit of all of
its creditors taken as a whole and not for any particular creditor’s benefit.

37 To put it briefly:

(a) Civil proceedings determine private rights for private benefit. Insolvency
proceedings alter status for collective benefit. If the court makes an
insolvency order against a debtor, it ceases as against the world to be an
autonomous economic entity. And if the insolvent is a company, it will
eventually cease to exist even as a legal entity.

(b) In civil proceedings to recover money, determining whether the defendant
indeed owes money to the plaintiff is the ultimate substantive objective of
the proceedings. That question also arises when a civil court has to consider
whether to abridge the ordinary civil process by which the court achieves that
substantive object. In insolvency proceedings, that issue is a fundamental
threshold issue which determines standing.

38 Where a creditor commences insolvency proceedings after having had its
rights adjudicated in a civil suit, its standing to bring insolvency
proceedings is irrefutably established: the debtor is estopped from disputing
the debt on which the creditor relies for his standing. But where a putative
creditor commences insolvency proceedings without having had its rights
adjudicated in a civil suit, the putative debtor remains able to dispute the
threshold issue of whether there is in fact a debt. And in insolvency
proceedings, there is for all practical purposes only an abridged procedure –
on affidavits alone – to determine this threshold issue.

39 In this situation, it is right that the insolvency court should not
_automatically_ refer the parties to the civil court without evaluating the
merits of the dispute before it. If, on evaluating the same evidence, the
civil court would find it appropriate to determine the parties’ rights by the
summary judgment procedure, it would be a waste of time and money to refer the
parties to the civil court. The insolvency court is in just as good a position
as the civil court to determine whether the putative debtor is indeed a
debtor, even though the question is posed in a different context and for a
different purpose. And in corporate insolvency, thought not in personal
insolvency, where a company raises disputes which would, in a civil court,
result in a summary judgment for the plaintiff, dismissing the insolvency
proceedings prejudices the company’s general body of creditors in at least one
obvious way. It sets at large the commencement of the relation back period
during which a liquidator can reverse vulnerable pre-insolvency transactions
for the collective benefit of all creditors.

40 So the applicable standard for determining whether corporate insolvency
proceedings should continue in the absence of an adjudication of the
initiating party’s rights is, rightly, whether the plaintiff can show that
there are no triable issues, just as in summary judgment proceedings under O14
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”).

41 The position is identical when it comes to personal insolvency. In
bankruptcy proceedings, r 127(b) of the Bankruptcy Rules provides that the
court “shall dismiss” a creditor’s bankruptcy application where the statutory
demand upon which the application is based is such that the court would have
set it aside had the debtor made an application under r 97(1) of the
Bankruptcy Rules. In order to set aside a statutory demand under r 97(1), a
debtor need only show that the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the
court to be substantial (see r 98(2)(b) of the Bankruptcy Rules). This too has
been interpreted to mean that there must be “some real doubt about the
question, thus, a triable issue, upon which further evidence or arguments were
required” (see _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Lim Chor Pee_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 370 (“
_Anthony Wee_ ”) at [19]).

42 It appears to me, with diffidence, that all of this must be right. Both
conceptually and pragmatically, it cannot be the case that a creditor or a
debtor gains an advantage or suffers a disadvantage on the legal test to be
satisfied in addressing the same question of fact simply because of the nature
of the proceedings in which that question is raised or based on whether it is
a natural person or a company.

Three observations

43 I must make three observations. The first relates to the burden of proof.
In civil proceedings, the burden rests on the plaintiff to establish its case.
This is so even if it invokes the summary judgment procedure. A summary
judgment is – despite being summary – still a judgment on the merits. And the
legal burden of proof on the merits remains always with a plaintiff. A
plaintiff cannot reverse or avoid the legal burden of proof it would bear at
trial by the expedient of applying for summary judgment. So too a plaintiff
cannot reverse or avoid the legal burden of proof it would bear in a civil
suit by commencing insolvency proceedings. So the legal burden of proof
remains on the plaintiff even in insolvency proceedings.

44 There is another reason why the legal burden must rest on the applicant in
insolvency proceedings. When a putative debtor alleges in insolvency
proceedings that it owes no debt to the applicant – no matter the procedural
form in which the challenge is raised – the debtor is in fact challenging the
applicant’s very standing to bring the proceedings. On that fundamental issue
too, the legal burden ought to rest on the plaintiff. So while it is common to
speak in the context of both civil proceedings and insolvency proceedings of a
_defendant_ having to establish triable issues, that must be taken as a
reference to an _evidential_ burden. Once the defendant has satisfied the
_evidential_ burden of raising one or more triable issues, the plaintiff
remains obliged to discharge his legal burden to show that each issue is not
triable.

45 The second observation is that the legal burden on the plaintiff is
sometimes spoken of as being a burden to establish its entitlement beyond
reasonable doubt. Counsel for the guarantors used that term in
submissions.[note: 8] From the defendant’s perspective, that would mean that
all that the defendant must do to discharge its (evidential) burden is to
raise a reasonable doubt. I do not consider it helpful to speak in terms of
the criminal standard of proof in a civil case or in insolvency proceedings.
The concept of a triable issue is well-established in the law relating to
summary judgment applications. It can be transposed and applied quite easily
in insolvency proceedings. It does not need embellishment. That is all the
more so when that embellishment is apt to confuse instead of clarify.

46 The final observation is that a court must retain a residual discretion to
dismiss insolvency proceedings even if it is satisfied that there are no
triable issues. In the case of bankruptcy proceedings, this is clear from s
65(2)(e) of the Bankruptcy Act: the court may dismiss a bankruptcy application
if “it is satisfied for other sufficient cause no order ought to be made
thereon”. In the case of winding up proceedings, a court always retains a
discretion whether to make an order even if the plaintiff’s debt and the
defendant’s insolvency are established as fact. This is analogous to the power
of a civil court hearing a summary judgment application to decline to adopt
the summary procedure if it feels that “there ought for some other reason to
be a trial” (see order 14, r 3 of the Rules of Court). Again, transposing the
concept from the summary judgment jurisprudence is helpful. Although the
circumstances will be rare where this discretion will be exercised in
insolvency proceedings, the discretion does exist.

47 How does a debtor discharge the evidential burden of showing a triable
issue over the debt which the creditor relies upon? It is insufficient for the
debtor merely to allege that a dispute exists. The court is entitled to – and
in a sense obliged to – evaluate the evidence brought forward by the parties
and determine whether there exists a dispute which involves to a substantial
extent disputed questions of fact which requires a trial (see _Pacific
Recreation_ at [17] and [19] in relation to winding up applications and
_Anthony Wee_ at [18] in relation to bankruptcy applications).

Court has power to stay bankruptcy proceedings

48 Before I move on to discuss my reasons for granting the guarantors a stay
of the insolvency proceedings and for imposing conditions on that stay, I
should establish the source of the Court’s power to stay a winding up
application and a bankruptcy application whether unconditionally or on terms.

49 It was common ground before me that the Court has the power to stay a
winding up application on condition under s 257(1) and s257(2)(f) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, Rev Ed 2006) (“Companies Act”). I therefore need say
nothing further about the power to stay winding up proceedings.

50 As regards a bankruptcy application, the guarantors initially submitted
that if the court finds that the debt on which a statutory demand is based is
disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial, the court is
obliged to set aside the statutory demand and dismiss the bankruptcy
application. The guarantors rely on _Wong Kwei Cheong v ABN-AMRO Bank NV_
[2002] 2 SLR(R) 31 (“ _Wong Kwei Cheong_ ”).

51 Rule 127 of the Bankruptcy Rules provides as follows:

**Dismissal of bankruptcy application**

**127**. The court **_shall dismiss_** a creditor’s bankruptcy application
where —

…

(b) the statutory demand upon which the application is based is such that the
court would have set it aside had the debtor made an application under rule
97(1);…

[emphasis added]

Rules 97 and 98 of the Bankruptcy Rules provide as follows:

**Application to set aside statutory demand**

**97**.—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), the debtor who has been served with a
statutory demand may —

(a) within 14 days; or

(b) where the demand was served outside jurisdiction, within 21 days,

from the date on which the demand is served or deemed in accordance with these
Rules to be served on him, apply to court by way of originating summons for an
order setting aside the statutory demand.

(2) No appearance need be entered to an originating summons under this rule.

…

**Hearing of application to set aside statutory demand**

**98**.—(1) On the hearing of the application, the court may either summarily
determine the application or adjourn it, giving such directions as it thinks
appropriate.

(2) The court **_shall_** set aside the statutory demand if —

…

(b) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be
substantial;

…

[emphasis added]

52 In _Wong Kwei Cheong_ at [3], the Court said:

On a plain reading of r 98(2)(b) of the Bankruptcy Rules, if the debtor
disputes the claim in the statutory demand and that dispute appears to the
court to be substantial, the bankruptcy court is **_obliged_** to set aside
the statutory demand...

[emphasis added]

The guarantors rely on this passage in _Wong Kwei Cheong._ They argue that
once a court hearing a bankruptcy application has found that there are triable
issues, the debt is disputed on substantial grounds and the mandatory “shall”
obliges the court to dismiss the bankruptcy application.[note: 9] I note also
that in _Wong Kwei Cheong_ , the Court reiterated its view that the language
in the opening sentence of r 127 of the Bankruptcy Rules is “peremptory” (at
[18]) in the context of interpreting r 127(c) of the Bankruptcy Rules in
relation to service of the statutory demand.

53 But “shall” in a legislative provision does not necessarily mean that the
provision is mandatory: it is always a question of legislative intent (_Cheong
Seok Leng v Public Prosecutor_ [1988] 1 SLR(R) 530 at [47]). To glean the
legislative intent behind r 98(2) and r 127, I must read those provisions in
the light of ss 64(1), 65(4) and 65(5) of the Bankruptcy Act. That Act is, of
course, the parent Act under which the Bankruptcy Rules are made. I must also
bear in mind the strictures of section 19(c) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1,
2002 Rev Ed) which provides that no subsidiary legislation is to be
inconsistent with any primary legislation.

54 Sections 64(1), 65(4) and 65(5) of the Bankruptcy Act provide as follows:

**Power of court to stay or dismiss proceedings on bankruptcy application**

**64**.—(1) The court may at any time, for sufficient reason, make an order
staying the proceedings on a bankruptcy application, either altogether or for
a limited time, on such terms and conditions as the court may think just.

**Proceedings on creditor’s bankruptcy application**

**65**.—(4) When a bankruptcy application has been made against a debtor on
the ground that the debtor —

(a) has failed to pay a judgment debt, and there is pending an appeal from or
an application to set aside, the judgment or order by virtue of which the
judgment debt is payable; or

(b) has failed to comply with a statutory demand, and there is pending an
application to set aside the statutory demand,

the court may, if it thinks fit, stay or dismiss the application.

(5) Where the debtor appears at the hearing of the application and denies that
he is —

(a) indebted to the applicant; or

(b) indebted to such an amount as would justify the applicant making a
bankruptcy application against him,

the court may, on condition that the debtor furnishes such security as the
court may order for payment to the applicant of —

(i) any debt which may be established against the debtor in due course of law;
and

(ii) the costs of establishing the debt,

stay all proceedings on the application for such time as may be required for
trial of the question relating to the debt.

55 Both ss 64 and 65 of the Bankruptcy Act contemplate that a court hearing a
bankruptcy application is not compelled to dismiss an application if the
underlying debt is disputed whether on substantial grounds or otherwise.
Further, s 65(5)(i) of the Bankruptcy Act expressly contemplates that the
court hearing a bankruptcy application can stay bankruptcy proceedings to
permit the creditor’s claim to be litigated in the civil courts, on condition
that the debt gives security for the creditor’s debt. The Bankruptcy Act
clearly gives the court a general and a specific power to stay bankruptcy
proceedings and, further, to do so on terms and conditions. To that extent,
the guarantors’ reading of r 127 and r 98(2) of the Bankruptcy Rules was
inconsistent with the broad discretionary power to stay under the parent Act.

56 The guarantors’ response to this apparent inconsistency is that the court’s
powers to stay bankruptcy applications under ss 64 and 65(5) of the Bankruptcy
Act are general powers to stay (relying on _Lee Kiang Leng Stanley v Lee Han
Chew (trading as Joe Li Electrical Supplies)_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 603 (“ _Stanley
Lee_ ”)) whereas r 127 and r 98(2) of the Bankruptcy Rules are specific
_obligations_ to dismiss the application where the debtor establishes a
dispute as to the debt which is substantial. The guarantors submit that the
specific provision prevails over the general provision.[note: 10]

57 I disagree with the guarantors’ submission. The guarantors do not cite any
authority for the proposition that a provision in subsidiary legislation can
prevail over a provision of the parent Act, even if the former is more
“specific” than the latter. In any event, I am of the view that ss 64(1),
65(4) and 65(5) – and in particular section 65(5)(i) – of the Bankruptcy Act
are deliberately drafted widely enough to confer on the court a broad
discretionary power to stay these bankruptcy applications on such terms and
conditions as it thinks just which can be exercised even if the test in r
98(2)(b) is satisfied. The guarantors subsequently conceded that the court
indeed has the power to stay both bankruptcy and winding up
applications.[note: 11]

58 Even if I am wrong on this, in my view the words “the debt is disputed on
grounds which appear to the court to be substantial” in r 98(2)(b) of the
Bankruptcy Rules requires something more than an issue which is merely triable
in the sense used in the authorities on summary judgment applications and in
_Pacific Recreation_.

59 I therefore hold that the statutory scheme of the Bankruptcy Act – and in
particular s 65(i) of the Bankruptcy Act, enables a bankruptcy court to extend
the analogy with summary judgment proceedings further, and to grant in
insolvency proceedings what is the functional equivalent of conditional leave
to defend in a civil suit. This must again be correct for the same pragmatic
reasons as underlie the decision in _Pacific Recreation_.

Application to the facts

60 I now give my reasons for staying the winding up and bankruptcy
applications against the guarantors subject to conditions.

The defences raised by the guarantors

61 Before the AR and before me, all ten guarantors deny any liability to
Chimbusco. They deny liability because they claim to be entitled to rescind
both guarantees. They rely on the following allegations in support:

(a) In April or May of 2011, Gas Trade and Chimbusco entered into an agreement
(“April/May Agreement”). The agreement was oral. The gist of the agreement was
that Gas Trade would incorporate a new company. Gas Trade would staff this new
company with one or two Gas Trade employees. Gas Trade would also permit the
new company to operate Gas Trade’s two barges at cost. The revenue which the
new company earned from operating the barges would be used to pay the new
company’s costs and Gas Trade’s costs associated with those two barges. The
profits earned by the new company would be applied to pay down Gas Trade’s
debt to Chimbusco and the interest accruing on it. The parties would later
discuss and agree when to commence performing their respective obligations
under this agreement.[note: 12]

(b) In May 2011, Mr Yeo Beng Joo (“Mr Yeo”) of Chimbusco made a representation
to Mr Mohammad and Mr Jalalludin, amongst others. The representation was oral.
The representation was that Chimbusco would perform its obligations under the
April/May Agreement only if two conditions were met. First, Gas Trade had to
execute a written instalment payment agreement to pay a minimum amount of
US$700,000 every month towards discharging Gas Trade’s debt to Chimbusco.
Second, the guarantors had to execute guarantees of Gas Trade’s obligations
under the instalment payment agreement.[note: 13]

(c) Mr Yeo made a further representation to Mr Mohammad and Mr Jalalludin.
This too was oral. The representation was that the instalment payment
agreement and the guarantees were “merely formalities required to be produced
to [Chimbusco’s] head office in Beijing, and that [Chimbusco’s] head office
would only give the green light for [Chimbusco] to proceed with the
performance of the [April/May 2011] Oral Agreement” with Gas Trade if Gas
Trade signed the instalment payment agreement and the guarantors signed their
respective guarantees.[note: 14]

(d) Mr Yeo made these representations in order to induce Gas Trade to sign the
instalment payment agreement and in order to induce the guarantors to sign
their respective guarantees. Gas Trade and the guarantors relied on the
representations and were so induced in executing the documents they did on 15
July 2011.[note: 15]

(e) The representations are misrepresentation for two reasons.

(i) First, Chimbusco failed, neglected or refused to enter into any
discussions to perform the April/May Agreement despite repeated requests from
Mr Mohammad, Mr Jalalludin and Mr Zain. These requests too were oral.

(ii) Second, Chimbusco now seeks to rely on the guarantees as being legally
enforceable and therefore not “merely formalities”.[note: 16]

(f) The primary case of Gas Trade and the guarantors is that Mr Yeo’s
representations were fraudulent misrepresentations.[note: 17] The alternative
case is that they were innocent misrepresentations.[note: 18]

(g) In either case, both Gas Trade and the Guarantors claim to be entitled to
rescind the instalment payment agreement and the guarantees.

These allegations are the subject-matter of S347.

62 In addition, Paradigm Shipping and Peta Marine raised before me – but
significantly not in S347 – a further defence which is unique to them. The
Articles of Association of Paradigm Shipping require every instrument to which
its respective corporate seal is affixed to be signed by a director of
Paradigm Shipping and countersigned by a director or the company secretary of
Paradigm Shipping. Peta Marine has a similar provision in its Articles of
Association. These two companies’ corporate seals were affixed to the
corporate guarantee dated 15 July 2011. The guarantee was signed on behalf of
Paradigm Shipping by a director of Paradigm Shipping. It was signed on behalf
of Peta Marine by a director of Peta Marine. But Mr Zain countersigned on
behalf of both companies. He is neither a director nor the corporate secretary
of Paradigm Shipping or of Peta Marine. Curiously, Mr Zain’s brother is a
director of Peta Marine. His brother has the same name as Mr Zain. His
brother’s National Registration Identity Card (“NRIC”) number is S13XXX61C. Mr
Zain’s NRIC number is S12XXX17G. The relevant article in these two companies’
Articles of Association is a common one found in Table A of the Companies Act.
Peta Marine and Mr Zain asserts that Chimbusco was or must have been aware of
that. Further, there was no corporate benefit either to Paradigm Shipping or
to Peta Marine in guaranteeing Gas Trade’s debts to Chimbusco. Chimbusco was
therefore put on inquiry. It should have made reasonable inquiries about Mr
Zain’s authority to countersign against the common seal of both Paradigm
Shipping and Peta Marine. Not having done so, Chimbusco cannot rely on the
corporate guarantee against these two companies.[note: 19]

Why I did not make unconditional insolvency orders

63 I considered the factual and legal issues raised by the guarantors and
evaluated the evidence placed before me by both parties on those issues.
Having done that, I was not satisfied that Chimbusco had put forward such
evidence in response to the guarantors’ evidence as to establish that it would
have secured summary judgment in a civil suit.

64 Both limbs of the guarantors’ common defences are based on oral agreements.
On their face, of course, the issue of whether Chimbusco and Gas Trade
actually reached an oral agreement in April/May 2011, whether Mr Yeo actually
made the alleged oral representations to the guarantors and the issue of
whether Mr Yeo had actual or ostensible authority to make those oral
representations (if he indeed did so) are the quintessential triable issues.
They are all incapable of resolution on affidavit evidence alone. Although it
would be surprising and contrary to the inherent probabilities if all of these
allegations were found to be true, I could not for the following reasons say
that it was impossible that they could be true and that there therefore ought
not to be a trial of them:

(a) There was no positive contemporaneous documentary evidence which directly
contradicted the guarantors’ account.

(b) Chimbusco had the benefit of Gas Trade’s instalment payment agreement from
July 2011. But it is undisputed that from the very outset, Gas Trade never
made any of the instalment payments under that agreement. Despite that,
Chimbusco did not seek to enforce its rights against Chimbusco until February
2012.

65 I therefore declined to make the unconditional insolvency orders sought by
Chimbusco.

Guarantors’ evidence shadowy

66 But I found the issues raised by the guarantors to be shadowy. If the
guarantors had put this evidence forward before me on a summary judgment
application in a civil action, I would have granted them only conditional
leave to defend. I therefore granted them the functional equivalent of such
leave in these proceedings. I stayed these proceedings on condition that they
furnish security for the amounts which Chimbusco claims against them. In
explaining why the defences were shadowy, I will deal first the position of Mr
Yeo, then with the alleged April/May Agreement and then with the alleged oral
misrepresentations in July 2011.

67 I must note at the outset that every key aspect of the issues which the
guarantors raise is oral. The defence put forward before me and in S347 is
founded upon on an _oral_ misrepresentation said to have been made by a Mr Yeo
to the principals of Gas Trade and the 10 corporate guarantors that their
guarantee were mere “formalities” and not to be enforced in order to secure
Chimbusco’s head office’s approval of yet another _oral_ agreement which, the
guarantors say, Chimbusco failed to perform despite the guarantors’ _oral_
requests that Chimbusco do so. And while it is true that there is no positive
contemporaneous documentary evidence before me which directly contradicted the
guarantors’ account, it is also true that that account is not supported by any
contemporaneous documentary evidence and, is indeed, against the tenor of that
documentary evidence and the weight of the inherent probabilities.

Capacity of Mr Yeo Beng Joo

68 The guarantors rely heavily on oral discussions, agreements and
representations entered into with Chimbusco. In all of these discussions, the
guarantors or their representatives dealt with Mr Yeo. The guarantors describe
Mr Yeo as Chimbusco’s General Manager.[note: 20] Chimbusco denies this
allegation and describes Mr Yeo as head of its bunker department. Mr Yeo too
denies this and describes himself as “Head of the Bunker Department” of
Chimbusco.[note: 21] His business card names him as such.[note: 22] The
guarantors’ allegation regarding Mr Yeo’s status is against the tenor of the
documentary evidence and the inherent probabilities.

Significance of the winding up order in respect of Gas Trade

69 Gas Trade did not dispute that it was indebted to Chimbusco or the amount
of the debt which Chimbusco claimed in the winding up proceedings against Gas
Trade. Gas Trade’s only ground for resisting the winding up was that the
April/May Agreement precluded Chimbusco from seeking immediate repayment of
the entire debt.[note: 23]

70 It is _res judicata_ between Gas Trade and Chimbusco that the alleged
April/May Agreement does not preclude Chimbusco’s from claiming immediate
repayment of Gas Trade’s debt. Chimbusco’s winding up application against Gas
Trade came up for hearing before Lai J on 6 July 2012. Gas Trade resisted it
by relying on the April/May 2011 Oral Agreement. Lai J accepted Chimbusco’s
argument that the oral agreement raised no triable issues. So she wound up Gas
Trade.[note: 24]

71 Of course, the winding up of Gas Trade is not in itself capable of raising
a _res judicata_ against the parties before me. The parties were different and
the issues were different. None of the parties before me were parties to the
insolvency proceedings against Gas Trade. The guarantors’ liability under
their guarantees of Gas Trade’s debts was not in issue before Lai J. So I
accept the submission of counsel for the defendant that Lai J’s order to wind
up Gas Trade does not bind me in any particular way to approach the triable
issues which the guarantors raise before me.[note: 25]

The alleged April/May Agreement

72 Having evaluated the evidence myself, however, I agreed with the AR that
the guarantors’ defence, at best, raises triable issues which are shadowy. I
arrived at this conclusion for the following reasons:

(a) As the AR observed, there is no mention of the alleged April/May Agreement
between Chimbusco and Gas Trade or any details of it in any of the
contemporaneous correspondence between the parties. Given that this oral
agreement had to do with repayment over time of a substantial debt of about
US$13 million, it is against the weight of the inherent probabilities that
there should be no contemporaneous documentary evidence of at least the broad
terms of this oral agreement or even of its existence. This casts a long
shadow over the guarantors’ allegations of oral agreements and
representations.

(b) The AR’s view was that there was little commercial sense for Chimbusco to
enter into the alleged agreement with Gas Trade. I agree. It is true that the
alleged April/May Agreement allowed any profits made by the new company to be
ring-fenced from Gas Trade’s other creditors and to go exclusively to
Chimbusco. But it would require Chimbusco to take on the additional business
risk of the new company not being profitable. I thus find that the arrangement
contemplated in the alleged oral agreement, while not inconceivable, is so
improbable as to make it shadowy. I also note that the commercial sense of a
commercial arrangement which a defendant to a summary judgment application
relies upon to resist the application is a factor which a court may consider
in deciding whether or not to impose conditions on a defendant’s leave to
defend (see _Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala Cashew
Exporters) v Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 856 at [41]).

(c) In his affidavit filed on 22 May 2012 on behalf of Chimbusco, Mr Yeo
denied that Chimbusco and Gas Trade reached any oral agreement in April/May
2011.[note: 26] After my decision of 24 August 2012, Mr Yeo filed a further
affidavit on 19 September 2012. He affirmed this affidavit on behalf of the
guarantors. The guarantors relied on that affidavit to support the further
arguments which they presented to me on 19 September 2012.[note: 27] In his
later affidavit, Mr Yeo explained that there _were_ discussions along the
lines alleged by the guarantors in April/May 2011. But those discussions never
matured into an agreement because Chimbusco’s head office had never approved
them. It is important to note that both Gas Trade and the guarantors pleaded
the April/May Agreement in S347 as a contractually-binding agreement. It is
true, as the guarantors submit, that for the guarantors’ defence to succeed,
they need not show that what happened in April/May 2011 is contractually
binding. The guarantors rely on these events not for any contractual effect
but merely as the substratum for Mr Yeo’s representations in July 2011. But it
is, to say the least, odd that the guarantors should plead unequivocally in
S347 that the April/May Agreement was contractually-binding but then in the
applications before me procure, adduce and rely on Mr Yeo’s evidence to the
contrary. That too casts a long shadow on their defence.

Guarantors’ liability under the guarantee

73 I found the guarantors’ position on their liability under the guarantee to
be shadowy for the following reasons:

(a) Yeo’s unequivocal affidavit evidence filed on behalf of Chimbusco on 22
May 2012 was that he made no representation that the guarantees were mere
formalities[note: 28] and that he had no authority to make any such
representations.[note: 29]

(b) Even if Mr Yeo made such a representation, there was no evidence before me
that he had any actual or ostensible authority to do so. That authority could
come only from Chimbusco and could not come from Mr Yeo himself or from the
guarantors’ self-engendered beliefs.

(c) Even if Mr Yeo did make such a representation, it would have been a
representation as to the legal effect of the guarantees which the guarantors
signed on or about 15 July 2011. It would not have been a representation of
existing fact.

(d) I found the guarantors’ claims to have been induced by and to have relied
on Mr Yeo’s alleged representation to be against the weight of the inherent
probabilities. The individuals are all experienced businessmen. They handle a
multi-million dollar business. They affixed their signatures and corporate
seals with significant formality to documents. Those documents on their face
engaged the signatories’ legal liability for Gas Trade’s debts. All of this
casts a long shadow over their claims to have been induced by and to have
relied on Mr Yeo’s alleged misrepresentations.

(e) None of the 10 guarantors or Gas Trade disputed the debt which Chimbusco
claimed – either as to liability or as to quantum – when they received
Chimbusco’s letters of demand or when Chimbusco served formal statutory
demands as a precursor to insolvency proceedings.

(f) The personal guarantors made no attempt to avail themselves of their
statutory right to set aside the statutory demands on the basis that they
disputed the debt claimed on substantial grounds. They raised the arguments
against Chimbusco’s debt only at the eleventh hour when bankruptcy
applications were served on them.

(g) It was only on 25 April 2012, when the 10 guarantors and Gas Trade
commenced S347, that they raised for the first time the grounds of defence
which they relied upon before me. Suit 347 was commenced on the eve of the
first of the seven winding up proceedings against the corporate guarantors.

74 In the premises, I affirmed the AR’s decision to stay the bankruptcy
proceedings on condition that the personal guarantors furnish security to
Chimbusco.

Affixing of Paradigm Shipping and Peta Marine’s seal

75 I now deal with the corporate guarantors. With one exception, the corporate
guarantors advanced no defence which the personal guarantors did not advance.
The one exception is the argument raised by Paradigm Shipping and Peta Marine
regarding the affixing of the corporate seal. I have summarised that argument
above. But this defence too is shadowy.

76 The first point is that this issue relates only to the formal validity of
the corporate guarantee. By this document, Paradigm Shipping and Peta Marine
engaged their separate liability to Chimbusco for the debts of Gas Trade.
Paradigm Shipping and Peta Marine do not assert, let alone support by
evidence, that this underlying transaction was one which the directors of
Paradigm Shipping and of Peta Marine did not authorise. So there is no basis
to say that the _transaction_ was in any sense unauthorised and so
unenforceable. Indeed, the inherent probabilities of all of the material
before me is that Paradigm Shipping and Peta Marine did authorise this
transaction.

77 The only point which Paradigm Shipping and Peta Marine rely upon relates to
the formal validity of the corporate guarantee. But there was no evidence
before me that Chimbusco was aware of the contents of the Articles of
Association of Paradigm Shipping or of Peta Marine. So the basis on which the
guarantors say that Chimbusco was put on notice of these two companies’
internal requirements for affixing the corporate seal is shadowy.

78 It is correct that Mr Zain is neither a director nor the company secretary
of Paradigm Shipping. But he countersigned the corporate guarantee together
with his daughter. She is a director of Paradigm Shipping. She is also the
majority shareholder of Paradigm. Mr Zain conceded that he countersigned the
guarantee because the other director of Paradigm Shipping was not available to
do so. That supports the inference that Paradigm Shipping authorised the
underlying transaction itself.

79 It is also correct that Mr Zain is neither a director nor the company
secretary of Peta Marine. But he is the single biggest shareholder of Peta
Marine. Further, he countersigned the corporate guarantee together with Mr
Mohammad. Mr Mohammad is a director of Peta Marine. Mr Zain and Mr Mohamad
together hold close to 60% of the shares in Peta Marine. Further, Mr Zain
conceded that he countersigned the corporate guarantee on behalf of Peta
Marine because the other director, his brother of the same name, was not
available to do so. That again supports the inference that Peta Marine
authorised the underlying transaction itself.

80 I therefore held that the issue about the invalid countersignature against
the corporate seals of Paradigm and Peta Marine was, at best, a shadowy
defence.

81 Thus, I made similar orders in respect of the corporate guarantors as I did
in respect of the individual guarantors.

Further evidence from Mr Yeo

82 The guarantors sought to place before me further evidence in the course of
the further hearings after my initial decision. This evidence came from Mr
Yeo, this time affirming affidavits on behalf of the guarantors. I could not,
obviously, have taken this information into account in arriving at my original
decision now under appeal. But it is appropriate that I say something about
this evidence. Far from dispelling the shadows which I found, this additional
evidence merely deepened them.

83 Mr Yeo affirmed an affidavit on 10 September 2012.[note: 30] Exhibited to
Mr Yeo’s 10 September 2012 affidavit is an email dated 6 September 2012 from
him to Mr Zain’s personal assistant. In that email he confirmed that “. . . in
order to start any form of discussion on the repayment plan to [Chimbusco],
[Chimbusco’s Managing Director] requested gastrade [sic] plus all the
subsidiary companies to give a corporate gurantee [sic] and also 3 major share
holder’s personal guarantee. My understanding the gurantees [sic] is for
formality to show beijing for sincerity from gastrade [sic].”[note: 31]
Although the guarantors rely on this email in support of their case, it merely
deepened my doubts about the guarantors’ case. Its tenor is consistent with a
creditor who seeks guarantees from a debtor’s associates as an essential
condition of extending to a principal debtor the indulgence of time by
entering into discussions over a repayment plan to give the principal debtor
yet further time. I also found it significant that Mr Yeo in this email
describes the guarantees as “for formality to show beijing for sincerity” and
not as “merely formalities”. The guarantees were undoubtedly signs of
sincerity given with some formality. But that does not necessarily mean that
they were an unenforceable and irrelevant mere formality.

84 Mr Yeo affirmed a _second_ affidavit on 19 September 2012. The guarantors
relied on this in support of their application for a stay. In this affidavit,
Mr Yeo said: “I understood and informed Mr Zain that the [guarantees] were a
mere formality and were required to demonstrate Gas Trade’s sincerity so that
[Chimbusco’s Managing Director] could show them to Chimbusco’s head office in
Beijing to obtain the green light for Chimbusco to proceed with the suggestion
that I had made to Gas Trade”.[note: 32] This was a carefully crafted
clarification. Mr Yeo did not say why or from whom he “understood” any of
this.

85 In the same affidavit of 19 September 2012, Mr Yeo for the first time
asserted that he “did . . . as a representative of Chimbusco, say to Mr Zain
and others that the guarantees were merely formalities required to be produced
to Chimbusco’s head office in Beijing to obtain the green light for Chimbusco
to proceed with” what he discussed with Gas Trade in April/May 2011.[note: 33]
But Mr Yeo cannot, simply by asserting that he acted as representative of
Chimbusco, clothe himself with authority to bind Chimbusco or to have his
representations attributed to Chimbusco. There was still no evidence before me
that Chimbusco had given Mr Yeo, expressly or impliedly, any such authority.

86 I should also note that I was not impressed by the manner in which the
guarantors procured affidavits from Mr Yeo which appeared designed to address
the deficiencies in his evidence which had been pointed out progressively in
earlier submissions.

What conditions are appropriate?

87 I move on to the conditions which I imposed for the guarantors to secure
the benefit of a stay pending the outcome of S347. The AR ordered that the
personal guarantors provide security in the sum US$1 million each. Her view
was that requiring an unusually high amount of security would stifle the
personal guarantors’ defence. She ordered that the security be provided by the
personal guarantors separately. She feared a situation where, say, two of the
personal guarantors furnished security but had to bear the consequences of the
default of the third who did not.[note: 34]

88 I did not share the AR’s views. I ordered that the personal guarantors
provide joint security of the full amount claimed against them in the
Bankruptcy Originating Summons: US$4,202,572.12.

89 I made this order for the following reasons. First, the sum of US$1 million
per personal guarantor which the AR ordered was neither one-third of the sum
claimed against the three personal guarantors nor was it the full amount of
the claim against them. Section 65(5)(i) of the Bankruptcy Act gives me the
power to order the guarantors to provide security up to the full amount
claimed under the guarantees they have each executed (see _Stanley Lee_ at
[18]). When imposing a condition on a defendant’s ability to resist an
insolvency application or summary judgment, the full sum of the claim against
it will ordinarily be the starting point for the security it is to furnish
(see _Stanley Lee_ at [27], _Lim Leong Huat v Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction
Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 786 at [2] and _Gao Bin v OCBC Securities Pte Ltd_
[2009] 1 SLR(R) 500 at [5] and [18]).

90 Second, I accept on the authority of _M V Yorke Motors v Edwards_ [1982] 1
WLR 444 that making an order conditional on a defendant furnishing security in
an amount which it would find impossible to provide is wrong in principle, as
that defeats the purpose of the condition and has the same effect as granting
an unconditional order against it. But counsel for the guarantors acknowledged
that there was no evidence before me that the total sum which the any of the
guarantors were to furnish as security was so large as to be impossible to
provide. Nor did any of the guarantors seek an opportunity to place any such
evidence before me. There was therefore no basis on which to say that granting
security in the full amount of Chimbusco’s claim would stifle any of the
guarantors’ ability to resist the insolvency proceedings. I therefore saw no
principled basis on which to order as security anything less than the full
amount which Chimbusco claimed.

91 Third, I ordered that the security be provided jointly. That mirrors the
basis of the personal guarantors’ liability under the personal guarantees
underlying the bankruptcy application and so is correct in principle. The
joint and several nature of the personal guarantee executed by them, if
upheld, was such that each personal guarantor would be liable for the entire
guaranteed sum should one or more of the other personal guarantors refuse to
pay. I did not share the AR’s concern that injustice might arise if some of
the personal guarantors provided the security but the others did not. There
was no evidence before her, or me, that that might happen. And an order that
the personal guarantors furnish the security jointly was to their benefit:
they could adjust _inter se_ how much each personal guarantor was to provide
so that those with greater means or greater confidence in the defences –
despite my finding that they were shadowy – could furnish a greater proportion
of the security, to the benefit of the others of more limited means or with
less confidence in the defences.

92 For the same reasons, I granted leave to the corporate guarantors to defend
the winding up applications on the condition that security be furnished on the
same terms as the personal guarantors save that the quantum of the security
which the corporate guarantors were to provide was to be the full sum claimed
against them under the corporate guarantees as at the date of the winding up
applications – US$13,015,342.03 – less the quantum of any security which the
personal guarantors provided to avoid the Chimbusco being oversecured.

No stay of proceedings and stay of execution

93 I now give my reasons for refusing to grant, pending appeal, a stay of the
insolvency proceedings or a stay of execution of the insolvency orders when
the guarantors failed to satisfy the condition which I imposed for securing a
stay of the insolvency proceedings pending the outcome of S347.

94 I did not grant a stay of the proceedings for two reasons. First, the
guarantors had been given the opportunity to provide security as a condition
of obtaining a stay of the proceedings but failed to do so (see _Denmark
Skibstekniske Konsulenter A/S I Likvidation (formerly known as Knud E Hansen
A/S) v Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd (formerly known as Ultrapolis 3000
Theme Park Investments Ltd)_ [2011] 4 SLR 997 at [67]). To grant them a stay
of the proceedings pending appeal would be to give them the benefit of a stay
without satisfying the condition which I had felt was necessary to address the
shadowy nature of the defences. And the purpose of the stay would be to permit
them to raise the very same shadowy defences on appeal. Second, there was no
evidence before me that the guarantors failed to satisfy this condition
because they were not in a financial position to provide the security or for
reasons beyond their control. I therefore took it that the failure to satisfy
the condition was a considered decision, taken because the guarantors did not
wish to risk their money in the event of failure in the Court of Appeal and in
S347.

95 As for a stay of execution of the insolvency orders, the law is clear. A
stay of execution of insolvency orders – as much as any other type of orders –
will not be granted simply because the orders are being appealed (see O 56 r
1(4) of the Rules of Court). In bankruptcy proceedings, the Bankruptcy Rules
make specific provision that an appeal does not operate as a stay (see r
42(b)).

96 In insolvency proceedings as in ordinary civil proceedings, therefore, the
onus is therefore squarely on the defendant to show why it is appropriate to
stay the proceedings or to stay execution of the orders rather than to let the
insolvency proceedings run their normal course (see _In re Calgary & Edmonton
Land Co Ltd (in liquidation)_ [1975] 1 WLR 355 at 358-359 interpreting a
provision of the Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK) materially similar to s 279(1)
of the Companies Act). Such stays have been granted where all the creditors
had been paid or provided for or where, in relation to a company facing
winding up, a scheme of arrangement has been agreed to by the creditors (see
Edward Bailey & Hugo Groves, _Corporate Insolvency: Law and Practice_ ,
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2007) (“Bailey & Groves”) at para 14.128).

97 Further, the guarantors did not show that there would be any irretrievable
prejudice or damage to their business or personal interests if I did not stay
the bankruptcy and winding up orders pending appeal.[note: 35] In fact, there
is authority for the proposition that, as a matter of practice, a stay of
execution of a winding up order will not normally be granted pending an appeal
against that order. In _In re A & B C Chewing Gum Ltd, Topps Chewing Gum Inc v
Coakley and others_ [1975] 1 WLR 579, the English Chancery Court noted that
(at 592-593):

...there are very good reasons for the practice of never ordering a stay, and
they are these: as soon as a winding up order has been made the Official
Receiver has to ascertain first of all the assets at the date of the order;
secondly, the assets at the date of the presentation of the petition, having
regard to the possible repercussions of section 227 of the Act of 1948 [which
is materially similar to s 259 of the Companies Act]; and thirdly, the
liabilities of the company at the date of the order, so that he can find out
who the preferential creditors are, and also the unsecured creditors.

Supposing there is an appeal and the winding up order is ultimately affirmed
by the Court of Appeal, and there has been a stay, his ability to discover all
these things is very seriously hampered: it makes it very difficult for him,
possibly a year later, to ascertain what the position was at different times a
year previously. But assuming a stay is not granted, if the business is being
carried on at a profit, as I understand this business now is, no additional
harm is done by refusing a stay. As I understand it, if the Official Receiver
is given an indemnity, say by the [defendants], who are running this business,
he will allow it to be carried on, and the [defendants], in this case, could
be appointed special managers and carry on the business as they have been
doing. If the business is being carried on at a profit, creditors of the
business, after the date of the winding up order, would be paid in priority to
the unsecured creditors at the date of the order as part of the expenses of
the winding up. Then, if the appeal is allowed, the business is handed back as
a going concern, it has not suffered any loss. Of course, if the business can
only be carried on at a loss - it should not be carried on at all.

Those, I think, are really the reasons why, in practice, a stay is not granted
- a profitable business can be carried on as it was before and handed back as
a going concern if the appeal is allowed. If it is not allowed then, of
course, _cadit quaestio_.

This was more recently cited with approval in _In the matter of BLV Realty II
Limited_ [2010] EWHC 1791 (Ch) at [11]-[12].

98 The guarantors relied on another decision of the English Chancery Court in
_Society of Lloyd’s v Beaumont and other debtors_ [2006] BPIR 1021 (“
_Beaumont_ ”) to support their argument that the _bankruptcy_ proceedings or
orders should be stayed pending appeal. In _Beaumont_ , the plaintiff, the
Society of Lloyd’s (“Lloyd’s”), sought bankruptcy orders against a number of
its members (also known as “Names”) on the basis of statutory demands sent
from about November 2002 onwards. These demands were based on judgment debts
against the Names obtained, in many cases, after protracted litigation which
was still ongoing at the time of the hearing to set aside the statutory
demands. In February 2004, a consent order was made to stay the bankruptcy
petitions until the determination of, _inter alia_ , an application by the
Names for permission to amend their pleadings to include a new cause of action
against Lloyd’s. In May 2005, the Names’ application was refused, and so was
leave to appeal that order. The Names then sought to appeal against the latter
order, and sought to stay the bankruptcy petitions pending the determination
of the appeal.

99 The English High Court granted the stay sought by the Names on, amongst
others, the following grounds:

(a) First, the court accepted that the approach of the courts to the exercise
of their discretion under s 266(3) of the Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK)
(which provides the court with a general power to dismiss or stay bankruptcy
proceedings akin to s 64(1) of the Bankruptcy Act) when there is a bona fide
appeal against an order or judgment on which a bankruptcy petition is based is
“invariably” to adjourn the hearing of the petition until the appeal has been
decided (_Beaumont_ at [21], [25] and [37]).

(b) Second, the court noted that if the Names’ appeal were to succeed, the
claim for damages pursuant to the newly pleaded cause of action would at least
equal the judgment debt upon which the bankruptcy petitions were brought
(_Beaumont_ at [26]).

(c) Third, the court noted the draconian effects of a bankruptcy order as well
as the stigma attached to such an order (_Beaumont_ at [26], [27] and [37]).

(d) Fourth, the court noted that the English courts in other related actions
had found that Lloyd’s had a made a misrepresentation to its members and that
the Names in general were innocent victims of failings and incompetence
(_Beaumont_ at [26]).

(e) Fifth, the court noted that if it refused the stay of bankruptcy
proceedings, the Names would appeal this order and this would only add to the
costs of litigation (_Beaumont_ at [37]).

(f) Sixth, the court had, prior to the hearing, made an order the effect of
which was to compel the Names to put on the table all their defences to the
petitions against them once and for all (_Beaumont_ at [38]).

100 I did not find _Beaumont_ to be persuasive authority on the facts of this
case, for the following reasons:

(a) While I accepted that a bankruptcy order could have draconian effects, I
noted that a bankruptcy order is not irreversible. The personal guarantors can
apply to have their bankruptcy annulled should they be found not liable under
the joint and several personal guarantees given by them (see s 123(1)(a) of
the Bankruptcy Act).

(b) There was no evidence before me that the bankruptcy orders – or indeed the
winding up orders – would have any irreversible effects on the personal
guarantors or the corporate guarantors.

(c) As to the fourth ground, I noted that this worked against the personal
guarantors in the present case as Lai J had expressed doubt about the
existence of the alleged oral agreement in the Gas Trade winding up
application.

(d) The sixth ground was not applicable on the facts of the insolvency
proceedings before me.

101 In the premises, I declined to stay the proceedings or to make the orders
with a stay of the orders. I accordingly made the bankruptcy orders against Mr
Jalalludin and Mr Zain. I also made the winding up orders against Paradigm
Shipping and Hir Huat.

Conclusion

102 For the reasons above, I dismissed the personal guarantors’ appeals and
rejected the corporate guarantors’ submissions that no winding up orders
should be made.

103 Costs following the event, I ordered a single set of costs in favour of
Chimbusco for the Registrar’s Appeals fixed at S$10,000 plus reasonable
disbursements. Chimbusco is also separately entitled to the costs of the
bankruptcy and winding up proceedings in B752 of 2012, B959 of 2012, B961 of
2012, CWU89 of 2012, CWU90 of 2012 and CWU91 of 2012, such costs to be taxed
if not agreed. In B959 of 2012, B961 of 2012, CWU89 of 2012 and CWU90 of 2012,
these costs will include the costs of and incidental to the guarantors’
application for further arguments on 18 September 2012 and their unsuccessful
stay application on 20 September 2012.

* * *

[note: 1]See Affidavit of Zhu Jian filed 2 August 2012, at para 17

[note: 2]Para 8 of Adeliene Yuana Mohd Zain’s Affidavit (21 June 2012) in
CWU89/2012 and para 13 of the Plaintiff’s written submissions (5 July 2012).

[note: 3]Para 7 of Zain’s Affidavit (Bankruptcy) (25 May 2012) in B961/2012
read with para 16(c) of Zain’s Affidavit (Companies Winding Up) (4 May 2012)
in CWU51/2012.

[note: 4]Para 8 of Zhu Jian’s Affidavit Supporting Winding Up Application
(Companies Winding Up) (31 May 2012) in CWU89/2012.

[note: 5]Paras 10 to 11 of Zhu Jian’s Affidavit Supporting Winding Up
Application (Companies Winding Up) (31 May 2012) in CWU89/2012, CWU90/2012 and
CWU91/2012.

[note: 6]Para 7 of Zhu Jian’s Supporting Affidavit (Bankruptcy) (2 May 2012)
in B752/2012, B959/2012 and B961/2012.

[note: 7]Notes of Evidence (“NE”) of B752/2012, B959/2012 and B961/2012, 3
July 2012, pp 16 and 17.

[note: 8]Defendant’s Skeletal Arguments dated 13 June 2012, paragraph 18.

[note: 9]Para 21 of the Defendants’ written submissions (3 August 2012)

[note: 10]NE, 3 August 2012, p 23 line 26 to p 24 line 4.

[note: 11]Para 13 of the Defendants’ written submissions (13 August 2012)

[note: 12]Para 8 of the Statement of Claim in S347.

[note: 13]Para 9 of the Statement of Claim in S347.

[note: 14]Para 10 of the Statement of Claim in S347.

[note: 15]Para 12 to 17 of the Statement of Claim in S347.

[note: 16]Para 19 of the Statement of Claim in S347.

[note: 17]Para 20 of the Statement of Claim in S347.

[note: 18]Para 21 of the Statement of Claim in S347.

[note: 19]Defendant’s skeletal arguments dated 3 August 2012, paragraph 31 to
34.

[note: 20]See paragraph 7, Statement of Claim in S347.

[note: 21]Paragraph 26 of Yeo Beng Joo’s 1st affidavit filed in CWU 51 of 2012
on 22 May 2012.

[note: 22]Page 25 of Yeo Beng Joo’s 1st affidavit filed in CWU 51 of 2012 on
22 May 2012.

[note: 23]Affidavit of Chan Tat Wei Norman in CWU 88 of 2012, paragraph 16 and
19.

[note: 24]NE in CWU88/2012, 6 July 2012, p 2.

[note: 25]Defendants’ Skeletal Arguments in Reply dated 13 August 2012,
paragraph 24.

[note: 26]Paragraph 27 of Yeo Beng Joo’s 1st affidavit filed in CWU 51 of 2012
on 22 May 2012.

[note: 27]Paragraph 9 of Yeo Beng Joo’s 1st affidavit filed in B961 of 2012 on
19 September 2012.

[note: 28]Paragraph 39 of Yeo Beng Joo’s 1st affidavit filed in CWU 51 of 2012
on 22 May 2012.

[note: 29]Paragraph 40 and 41 of Yeo Beng Joo’s 1st affidavit filed in CWU 51
of 2012 on 22 May 2012.

[note: 30]Page 9 of Yeo Beng Joo’s 1st affidavit filed in B 961 of 2012 on 19
September 2012.

[note: 31]Page 12 of Yeo Beng Joo’s 1st affidavit filed in B 961 of 2012 on 19
September 2012.

[note: 32]Paragraphs 14 and 19 of Yeo Beng Joo’s 1st affidavit filed in B 961
of 2012 filed on 19 September 2012.

[note: 33]Paragraph 19 of Yeo Beng Joo’s 1st affidavit filed in B 961 of 2012
on 19 September 2012.

[note: 34]NE, 3 July 2012, p 18 lines 6 to 8.

[note: 35]NE, 20 September 2012, p 6 lines 18 to 23.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

