Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Dorsey James Michael _v_ World Sport Group Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGCA 31

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 167 of 2012/M (Summons No 71 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 April 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N Sreenivasan SC and Sujatha Selvakumar (Straits Law
Practice LLC) for the appellant; Deborah Barker SC and Ushan Premaratne
(KhattarWong LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Dorsey James Michael — World Sport Group Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2013] SGHC 78.]

25 April 2013|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an application by the respondent to strike out Civil Appeal No 167
of 2012/M (“CA 167/2012”). CA 167/2012 is an appeal from the decision of the
High Court Judge (“the Judge”) in Registrar’s Appeal No 404 of 2012/C (“RA
404/2012”). By her decision, the Judge ordered that the respondent be at
liberty to serve on the appellant the pre-action interrogatories set out in
Schedule 1 of the Order of Court and that the appellant answer the same.

2 The principal ground relied upon by the respondent in its striking out
application was that the order of the Judge in RA 404/2012 was not appealable
to this court by reason of s 34(1)(_a_) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”), read with paragraph (i) of the Fourth
Schedule to the SCJA.

3 At the close of the hearing, we dismissed the respondent’s application to
strike out CA 167/2012. We gave a short oral judgment expressing the view that
the legislative intent underlying the 2010 amendments to the SCJA was to
restrict the right of appeal from orders made at the hearing of interlocutory
applications. We also found that an application for leave to administer pre-
action interrogatories was not an interlocutory application. Accordingly, we
held that paragraph (i) of the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA did not exclude the
right of appeal to the Court of Appeal where a judge made an order giving or
refusing pre-action interrogatories. We now set out the grounds for our
decision in full.

The background to the application

4 The respondent (_ie_ , the plaintiff in the action below), World Sport Group
Pte Ltd, commenced Originating Summons No 839 of 2012/H (“OS 839/2012) on 1
October 2012 seeking to administer pre-action interrogatories on, and obtain
pre-action discovery of documents from, the appellant (_ie_ , the defendant in
the action below), pursuant to O 26A r 1 and O 24 r 6 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”) respectively.

5 OS 839/2012 was first heard before an assistant registrar on 28 September
2012. The assistant registrar allowed the application in part and ordered that
the respondent be at liberty to administer on the appellant the
interrogatories set out in Schedule 1 of OS 839/2012. No order was made on the
respondent’s application for discovery of documents.

6 The appellant then filed RA 404/2012, appealing against the assistant
registrar’s decision to a judge in chambers. The appeal was heard on 30
October 2012 and 19 November 2012. After hearing counsel for the appellant and
respondent, the Judge ordered that the respondent be at liberty to administer
on the appellant the interrogatories set out in Schedule 1 of the Order of
Court. However, RA 404/2012 was allowed in part insofar as the Judge limited
the scope of the interrogatories to be administered on the appellant.

7 On 18 December 2012, the appellant filed its Notice of Appeal in CA
167/2012. On 28 December 2012, the respondent filed Summons No 71 of 2013
(“SUM 71/2013”) to strike out the appellant’s Notice of Appeal on the ground
that the order of the Judge giving pre-action interrogatories was not
appealable to the Court of Appeal. SUM 71/2013 was heard by us on 25 February
2013.

Issue before this court

8 The only issue before this court was whether the order of the Judge giving
leave to serve pre-action interrogatories was not appealable to the Court of
Appeal by reason of s 34(1)(_a_) of the SCJA read with paragraph (i) of the
Fourth Schedule to the SCJA.

9 For the avoidance of doubt, it bears emphasising at the outset that we made
no finding as to the substantive merits of CA 167/2012 which, in any case, was
not before us.

Our decision

The respondent’s contentions

10 Before turning to consider the arguments made by the respondent in SUM
71/2013, we should briefly explain the jurisdiction of this court to hear
appeals on civil matters. As the Court of Appeal is a creature of statute, it
is only seised of the jurisdiction conferred upon it by the statute which
creates it: _Blenwel Agencies Pte Ltd v Tan Lee King_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 529 at
[23]. In this regard, s 29A(1) of the SCJA provides:

**29A.** —(1) The civil jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal shall consist of
appeals from any judgement or order of the High Court in any civil cause or
matter whether made in the exercise of its original or of its appellate
jurisdiction, subject nevertheless to the provisions of this Act or any other
written law regulating the terms and conditions upon which such appeal may be
brought.

11 The effect of s 29A(1) of the SCJA is that any judgment or order of the
High Court is ordinarily appealable as of right. This however, is subject to
any contrary provisions in the SCJA or any other written law. In this respect,
the respondent in its striking out application relied on s 34(1)(_a_) of the
SCJA, which provides:

**34.** —(1) No appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the
following cases:

(a) Where a Judge makes an order specified in the Fourth Schedule, except in
such circumstances as may be specified in that Schedule.

…

12 The relevant paragraph in the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA provides:

ORDERS MADE BY JUDGE THAT ARE NON-APPEALABLE

No appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following
cases:

...

(i) where a Judge makes an order giving or refusing interrogatories.

13 Counsel for the respondent, Ms Deborah Barker SC (“Ms Barker”) urged us to
give the term “interrogatories” in paragraph (i) of the Fourth Schedule its
plain and ordinary meaning. Ms Barker contended that the term was of very wide
import and capable of encompassing interrogatories ordered under O 26 rr 1 and
2 of the Rules of Court after proceedings have commenced, as well as those
ordered under O 26A r 1 of the Rules of Court before proceedings for any
substantive relief have been commenced.

14 Ms Barker further contended that the statutory text is to be regarded as
the primary indicator of legislative intent. On that view, recourse to the
purpose of the enactment, as well as to extrinsic material capable of
assisting in the ascertainment of that purpose would be unnecessary and indeed
inappropriate save where the plain and ordinary meaning of the statutory text
was ambiguous or would lead to results which could not reasonably be supposed
to have been Parliament’s intention. According to Ms Barker, this was not so
in the case before us as the term “interrogatories” in paragraph (i) of the
Fourth Schedule was capable of one meaning only.

15 In the alternative, Ms Barker contended that even on a purposive
interpretation of s 34 read with paragraph (i) of the Fourth Schedule to the
SCJA, the order of the Judge giving leave to serve pre-action interrogatories
was not appealable to this Court.

Statutory Interpretation in Singapore

16 We first consider the respondent’s contentions as to the principles to be
applied in the interpretation of the relevant statutory provisions. To the
extent that the respondent’s contentions are rooted in the “plain meaning
rule” of statutory interpretation at common law, we disagree with them. In
Singapore, any discussion on statutory interpretation must take place against
the backdrop of s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the
Interpretation Act”): see _Constitutional Reference No 1 of 1995_ [1995] 1
SLR(R) 803 (“ _Constitutional Reference No 1 of 1995_ ”) at [44]; _Planmarine
AG v Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 669 (“
_Planmarine AG_ ”) at [22]; _Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R)
183 (“ _Low Kok Heng_ ”) at [39].

17 Section 9A of the Interpretation Act provides as follows:

**9A.** —(1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object.

(2) Subject to subsection (4), in the interpretation of a provision of a
written law, if any material not forming part of the written law is capable of
assisting in the ascertainment of the meaning of the provision, consideration
may be given to that material –

(a) to confirm that the meaning of the provision is the ordinary meaning
conveyed by the text of the provision taking into account its context in the
written law and the purpose or object underlying the written law; or

(b) to ascertain the meaning of the provision when–

(i) the provision is ambiguous or obscure; or

(ii) the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision taking into
account its context in the written law and the purpose or object underlying
the written law leads to a result that is manifestly absurd or unreasonable.

...

18 Insofar as s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act provides that an
interpretation promoting the purpose or object underlying the statute “shall
be preferred” to an interpretation which does not, it mandates that a
purposive approach be taken in statutory interpretation. In _Low Kok Heng_ at
[56]–[57] V K Rajah JA stated that the purposive approach mandated by s 9A(1)
of the Interpretation Act is paramount and must take precedence over any other
common law principles of statutory interpretation including, as in the case
before us, the plain meaning rule. We agree.

19 Moreover, and contrary to the respondent’s contentions, under the purposive
approach mandated by s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act, reference may be made
to extrinsic materials such as parliamentary debates even if, on a plain
reading, the words of the statutory provision are unambiguous or do not
produce unreasonable or absurd results. In _Constitutional Reference No 1 of
1995_ at [47]–[48], Yong Pung How CJ, pronouncing the opinion of the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore Tribunal, cited with approval the
following passage of Dawson J’s judgment in _Mills v Meeking_ (1990) 169 CLR
214. Dawson J, in discussing s 35 of the Interpretation of Legislation Act of
Victoria (which corresponds with s 9A of the Interpretation Act), said:

… the approach required by s 35 needs no ambiguity or inconsistency; it allows
a court to consider the purposes of an Act in determining whether there is
more than one possible construction. Reference to the purposes may reveal that
the draftsman has inadvertently overlooked something which he would have dealt
with had his attention been drawn to it and if it is possible as a matter of
construction to repair the defect, then this must be done.

20 This was subsequently affirmed by this court in _Planmarine AG_ at [22],
where it was held that:

22 ...[Section] 9A(2)(_a_) of the Interpretation Act expressly allows the
court to take into consideration materials such as parliamentary debates to
confirm that the meaning of the provision is the ordinary meaning conveyed by
the text taking into account the purpose underlying the written law... [T]here
is no blanket rule that a provision must be ambiguous or inconsistent before a
purposive approach to statutory interpretation can be taken. …

21 Taking a purposive approach to statutory interpretation in the present
case, the question to be answered by this court is whether paragraph (i) of
the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA, when read harmoniously with the statutory
context in which it is found as well as the objects and purposes underlying
that statutory context, includes an order of a Judge giving or refusing pre-
action interrogatories.

The object and purpose of the SCJA

22 We turn to consider the objects and purposes underlying the enactment of s
34(1)(_a_) of the SCJA, as well as paragraph (i) of the Fourth Schedule to the
SCJA. Section 34 of the SCJA in its present incarnation, together with the
Fourth and Fifth Schedules to the SCJA, was introduced in 2010, by way of the
Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 2010 (Act 30 of 2010) (“the 2010
amendments”).

23 The 2010 amendments came about in response to recommendations that were
contained in two reports prepared under the leadership of the judiciary. The
first was the Report on the Rationalisation of Legislation Relating to Leave
to Appeal by the Law Reform Committee of the Singapore Academy of Law, chaired
by Justice Judith Prakash. The second was the Report of the Committee to
Review and Update the Supreme Court of Judicature Act and the Subordinate
Courts Act, chaired by Justice Chao Hick Tin.

24 In the Second Reading of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Bill
(see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (18 October 2010) vol 87
at col 1368) (“the Second Reading Speech”), the Senior Minister of State for
Law, Associate Professor Ho Peng Kee (“the Minister”) explained that the
legislative intention underlying the 2010 amendments was twofold. The first
was to streamline appeals to the Court of Appeal arising from interlocutory
applications. The second was to expand the types of hearings which a two-judge
bench of the Court of Appeal could hear. We need only be concerned with the
former in the present case.

The position prior to the 2010 amendments

25 Prior to the 2010 amendments, a party’s right of appeal to the Court of
Appeal in respect of interlocutory matters was primarily governed by s
34(1)(_c_) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the
old SCJA”) which provided:

**Matters that are non-appealable or appealable only with leave**

**34.** —(1) No appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the
following cases:

...

(c)subject to any other provision in this section, where a Judge makes an
_interlocutory order_ in chambers unless the Judge has certified, on
application within 7 days after the making of the order by any party for
further argument in court, that he requires no further argument.

...

[emphasis added]

26 Under the statutory scheme that subsisted prior to the 2010 amendments, the
salient issue that would arise in this context was whether an order made by a
High Court judge in chambers was “interlocutory” or “final”. If an order was
final, an appeal could be brought to the Court of Appeal as of right. But even
if the order was interlocutory, a party effectively retained a right of appeal
to the Court of Appeal, subject only to the requirement that he first applied
for leave to present further arguments to the High Court judge. The exception
to that proposition was where s 34 of the old SCJA expressly provided for
particular interlocutory orders to be non-appealable or appealable only with
leave.

27 There were essentially three problems with that statutory scheme. First,
there was some uncertainty as to the meaning of “interlocutory order” under s
34(1)(_c_) of the old SCJA, such as would attract the requirement that an
application be brought within seven days of the order for leave to present
further arguments if a party were to preserve its rights of appeal. In
_Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 525 (“
_Wellmix Organics_ ”) at [10], this court observed that the question whether a
given order is in fact interlocutory or final had troubled the courts in
Singapore for some time. Historically, two tests had been propounded at common
law to determine this. The first was the “application” test enunciated in
_Salaman v Warner_ [1891] 1 QB 734 at 736 where Fry LJ said:

[A]n order is final only where it is made upon an application or other
proceeding which must, whether such application or proceeding fail or succeed,
determine the action. Conversely ... an order is “interlocutory” where it
cannot be affirmed that in either event the action will be determined.

28 The second was the “order” test or “ _Bozson_ ” test which was stated by
Lord Alverstone CJ in _Bozson v Altrincham Urban District Council_ [1903] 1 KB
547 at 548 as follows:

Does the judgement or order, as made, finally dispose of the rights of the
parties? If it does ... it ought to be treated as a final order; but if it
does not, it is then ... an interlocutory order.

29 In _Wellmix Organics_ (at [14]), this court settled the position in favour
of the _Bozson_ test. While the concept of an “interlocutory order” was
relatively well understood in light of our decision in _Wellmix Organics_ ,
its precise meaning was left to be developed incrementally by the common law.

30 The second problem with the legislative scheme prior to the 2010 amendments
concerned the requirement that the judge certify, pursuant to s 34(1)(_c_) of
the old SCJA, that no further arguments were required. The rationale for this
requirement was explained by this court in _Singapore Press Holdings Ltd v
Brown Noel Trading Pte Ltd and others_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 114 at [40] in the
following terms:

40 The intent and purpose of s 34(1)(_c_) of the re-enacted Supreme Court of
Judicature Act... is to us abundantly clear and free from doubt. It is to
prescribe a procedure for appeals in interlocutory matters heard by a judge in
chambers being brought to this court, which may have arisen from full
arguments not being presented to the judge in chambers due to the shortness of
time available for the hearing of such applications or due to the judge in
chambers having to decide on an issue without the time available to him for
mature consideration. …

31 While there clearly was a sensible rationale for this requirement, it had
also given rise to a number of difficulties in practice: see generally Law
Reform Committee, Singapore Academy of Law, _Report of the Law Reform
Committee on the Rationalisation of Legislation Relating to Leave to Appeal_
(October 2008).

32 The Law Reform Committee (“the LRC”) observed that the majority of
applications for further arguments did not in fact raise fresh arguments.
Rather, a request to make further arguments was typically made solely to
comply with s 34(1)(_c_) of the old SCJA and by so doing, to preserve the
applicant’s right of appeal to the Court of Appeal.

33 The LRC also observed that the requirement of further arguments could have
potentially draconian effects on a party seeking to appeal against an
interlocutory order. Under s 34(1)(_c_) of the old SCJA, a party aggrieved by
the making of an interlocutory order had only seven days to apply to the judge
for further arguments. If he failed to do so, he would lose his right of
appeal to the Court of Appeal. The LRC saw it as undesirable that a party
could lose his right of appeal just by failing to take what would otherwise
have been an inconsequential step in the proceedings. In this regard, the LRC
recommended that the request to present further arguments ought not to be
mandatory. Rather, it should be an option available to the parties and the
judge.

34 The third problem that had arisen with the legislative scheme prior to the
2010 amendments was the upward trend that had been observed in the number of
appeals to the Court of Appeal in respect of interlocutory orders. As
explained earlier, a party dissatisfied with the making of an interlocutory
order generally retained a right of appeal to the Court of Appeal, subject
only to the requirement of getting a certification from the High Court judge
that no further arguments were required pursuant to s 34(1)(_c_) of the old
SCJA.

35 The question thus raised was whether a party’s right of appeal in respect
of interlocutory orders ought to be more limited. The competing policy
arguments in this context were considered by the Committee to Review and
Update the Supreme Court of Judicature Act and the Subordinate Courts Act
(“the Committee”) in its report. The Committee observed that factors in favour
of retaining a right of appeal to the Court of Appeal included the fact that
it would be in the interest of parties to be allowed access to all avenues of
appeal, even from interlocutory orders. Moreover, restricting the right of
appeal might adversely affect the jurisprudence emanating from the Court of
Appeal in respect of interlocutory matters.

36 On the other hand, the Committee felt that these considerations had to be
weighed against competing considerations which suggested that the extent of a
party’s right of appeal to the Court of Appeal in respect of interlocutory
matters ought to be more limited. First, the increasing number of appeals from
interlocutory matters placed a strain on the ability and resources of the
Court of Appeal to hear other appeals against judgments and final orders of
the High Court.

37 Second, where an appeal was made in respect of an interlocutory order, the
entire pre-trial process would reach an impasse as the parties awaited the
outcome of the appeal. From a case management perspective, such delay was seen
as an impediment to the timely and efficient administration of justice,
especially since many interlocutory matters could be revisited at trial.

38 Third, under s 34(1)(_c_) of the old SCJA, there were effectively three
tiers of hearing (or two levels of appeal) in respect of interlocutory orders.
This was so because interlocutory applications were typically heard at first
instance before an assistant registrar, with an appeal lying to a judge in
chambers who reheard the application _de novo_. A party dissatisfied with the
judge’s decision could then appeal to the Court of Appeal, subject only to the
requirement that he first go through the process of applying for further
arguments to be heard.

39 In contrast, judgments or final dispositive orders made at first instance
by the High Court only enjoyed two tiers of hearing (or one level of appeal).
As interlocutory orders usually involve procedural points that do not affect
the substantive rights of the parties, it was seen as incongruous that these
should be subject to more extensive rights of appeal than judgments or orders
with finality.

40 On the balance of the arguments, the Committee recommended that a party’s
right of appeal to the Court of Appeal in respect of interlocutory matters
ought to be more limited.

The 2010 amendments

41 The effect of the 2010 amendments was to amend s 34 of the old SCJA. The
new section s 34 provides, _inter alia_ , as follows:

**Matters that are non-appealable or appealable only with leave**

**34.** —(1) No appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the
following cases:

(a) where a Judge makes an order specified in the Fourth Schedule, except in
such circumstances as may be specified in that Schedule;

...

(2) Except with the leave of a Judge, no appeal shall be brought to the Court
of Appeal in any of the following cases:

...

(d) where a Judge makes an order specified in the Fifth Schedule, except in
such circumstances as may be specified in that Schedule; or

...

42 The new Fourth and Fifth Schedules to the SCJA must therefore be
considered. The Fourth Schedule relates to orders which are non-appealable to
the Court of Appeal. It provides:

ORDERS MADE BY JUDGE THAT ARE NON-APPEALABLE

No appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following
cases:

(a) where a Judge makes an order giving unconditional leave to defend any
proceedings;

(b) where a Judge makes an order giving leave to defend any proceedings on
condition that the party defending those proceedings pays into court or gives
security for the sum claimed, except if the appellant is that party;

(c) where a Judge makes an order setting aside unconditionally a default
judgment, regardless of how the default judgment was obtained (including
whether by reason of a breach of an order of court or otherwise);

(d) where a Judge makes an order setting aside a default judgement on
condition that the party against whom the judgment has been entered pays into
court or gives security for the sum claimed, regardless of how the default
judgment was obtained (including whether by reason of a breach of an order of
court or otherwise), except if the appellant is that party;

(e) where a Judge makes an order refusing to strike out–

(i) an action order matter commenced by a writ of summons or by any other
originating process; or

(ii) a pleading or a party of a pleading;

(f) where a Judge makes an order giving or refusing further and better
particulars;

(g) where a Judge makes an order giving leave to amend a pleading, except if–

(i) the application for leave is made after the expiry of any relevant period
of limitation current at the date of issue of the writ of summons; and

(ii) the amendment is an amendment to correct the name of a party or to alter
the capacity in which a party sues, or the effect of the amendment will be to
add or substitute a new cause of action;

(h) where a Judge makes an order refusing security for costs;

(i) where a Judge makes an order giving or refusing interrogatories.

43 The Fifth Schedule relates to orders that are appealable to the Court of
Appeal with leave. It provides:

ORDERS MADE BY JUDGE THAT ARE APPEALABLE ONLY WITH LEAVE

Except with the leave of a Judge, no appeal shall be brought to the Court of
Appeal in any of the following cases:

(a) where a Judge makes an order refusing leave to amend a pleading except if–

(i) the application for leave is made after the expiry of any relevant period
of limitation current at the date of issue of the writ of summons; and

(ii) the amendment is an amendment to correct the name of a party or to alter
the capacity in which a party sues, or the effect of the amendment will be to
add or substitute a new cause of action

(b) where a Judge makes an order giving security for costs;

(c) where a Judge makes an order giving or refusing discovery or inspection of
documents;

(d) where a Judge makes an order refusing a stay of proceedings;

(e) where a Judge makes an order at the hearing of any interlocutory
application other than an application for any of the following matters:

(i) for summary judgement;

(ii) to set aside a default judgement;

(iii) to strike out an action or a matter commenced by a writ of summons or by
any other originating process, a pleading or a party of a pleading;

(iv) to dismiss an action or a matter commenced by a writ of summons or by any
other originating process;

(v) for further and better particulars;

(vi) for leave to amend a pleading;

(vii) for security for costs;

(viii) for discovery or inspection of documents;

(ix) for interrogatories to be varied or withdrawn, or for leave to serve
interrogatories;

(x) for a stay of proceedings.

44 The legislative scheme under the new s 34, read with the Fourth and Fifth
Schedules to the SCJA, was explained by the Minister in the Second Reading
Speech. The Minister said:

Given that interlocutory applications involve procedural points that do not
usually affect the substantive rights of the parties and are not likely to
involve novel points of law, it is an unproductive use of resources for all
such applications to go up to the Court of Appeal, especially when the High
Court already serves as one level against the Registrar who first hears the
application.

Clause 9 therefore amends section 34 to streamline and restrict appeals to the
Court of Appeal on interlocutory matters. _Interlocutory applications will now
be categorised based on their importance to the substantive outcome of the
case. With this calibrated approach, some interlocutory orders will not be
allowed to go to the Court of Appeal, whilst others can only go to the Court
of Appeal with the permission of the High Court... The right to appeal all the
way to the Court of Appeal will, however, remain for interlocutory
applications that could affect the final outcome of the case_. The types of
orders in the three categories are set out in the Fourth and Fifth Schedules
to the Bill.

[emphasis added]

45 In our view, it is clear from both the legislative scheme and the relevant
parliamentary material that Parliament’s intention in passing the 2010
amendments was to remedy the problems associated with s 34(1)(_c_) of the old
SCJA. This must inform the approach we take in interpreting the 2010
amendments.

46 First, the 2010 amendments were directed at the problems associated with
the proliferation of appeals to the Court of Appeal in respect of
interlocutory orders. Under the new s 34, read with the Fourth and Fifth
Schedules to the SCJA, a party no longer enjoys the right to appeal to the
Court of Appeal in respect of interlocutory orders. Rather, orders made at the
hearing of interlocutory applications are now expressly stipulated as falling
under one of three categories: (a) appealable as of right, (b) appealable with
leave and (c) non-appealable. In the absence of express provision, paragraph
(e) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA is a “catch-all provision”, under which
all orders made on the hearing of interlocutory applications are to be
appealable only with leave.

47 Second, under the new s 34 of the SCJA, a party’s right of appeal against
interlocutory orders is no longer conditioned upon the technical and sometimes
draconian requirement that he first apply for leave to present further
arguments to the High Court judge. Instead, under the new s 28B of the SCJA, a
party may but need not apply for further arguments. In any event, this no
longer has any bearing on his right of appeal.

48 Third, the extent of a party’s right of appeal on interlocutory matters is
no longer wholly dependent on the dichotomy between a final order and an
interlocutory order. Rather, the Fourth and Fifth Schedules to the SCJA, as
the Minister explained, involves a “calibrated approach”, under which orders
made at the hearing of interlocutory applications are categorised based on
their importance to the substantive outcome of the case.

49 Insofar as the Fourth and Fifth Schedules to the SCJA expressly provide for
specific types of orders to be appealable as of right, appealable with leave,
or non-appealable, the present legislative scheme was intended to be conducive
to certainty and clarity.

The construction of paragraph (i) of the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA

50 Against that background, we turn to the construction of paragraph (i) of
the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA. The issue before us was whether, on a
purposive interpretation of the statutory provision, an order made under O 26A
r 1 of the Rules of Court, is an “order giving or refusing interrogatories”
under paragraph (i) of the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA. In our judgment, this
issue turns on the anterior question of whether an application to administer
pre-action interrogatories pursuant to O 26A r 1 of the Rules of Court is an
“interlocutory application” for the purposes of the SCJA.

51 In _OpenNet Pte Ltd v Info-Communications Development Authority of
Singapore_ [2013] SGCA 24 (“ _OpenNet_ ”) at [21], this court observed that:

21 ...[T]he amendments brought about by Act 30 of 2010 introduced a new
category-approach regime _based on the type of interlocutory application and
the eventual order made thereon. The question as to which of the three
categories an order made in an interlocutory application would fall is
critical... As the Minister had explained in Parliament, the Fourth and Fifth
Schedules of SCJA were concerned with interlocutory applications_.

[emphasis added]

52 We agree with these observations in _OpenNet_. In our view, it is
manifestly clear from the relevant extrinsic aids to statutory interpretation
that the legislative scheme introduced by the 2010 amendments and set out in
the new s 34 and the Fourth and Fifth Schedules to the SCJA, insofar as it
curtailed the rights of appeal, was only intended to apply to orders _made at
the hearing of interlocutory applications_.

53 Moreover, the Fourth and Fifth Schedules to the SCJA ought to be understood
contextually in the light of paragraph (e) of the Fifth Schedule which
establishes the default requirement that leave of the High Court judge is
required before an appeal can be brought to the Court of Appeal from orders
made at the hearing of interlocutory applications. Where an _interlocutory_
application is made for interrogatories to be varied or withdrawn, or for
leave to serve interrogatories, paragraph (e)(ix) of the Fifth Schedule to the
SCJA provides that the default requirement of leave does not apply. In that
case, the extent of a party’s right of appeal to the Court of Appeal is
instead determined by paragraph (i) of the Fourth Schedule which provides that
an order giving or refusing interrogatories is non-appealable to the Court of
Appeal.

54 In short, applying a purposive as well as contextual approach to the
interpretation of these provisions, and reading paragraph (i) of the Fourth
Schedule in light of paragraph (e)(ix) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA, that
provision (_ie_ , paragraph (i) of the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA) refers to
an order giving or refusing interrogatories that is _made at the hearing of an
interlocutory application for interrogatories._

55 The respondent unsurprisingly contended for a different interpretation of
paragraph (i) of the Fourth Schedule,[note: 1] namely that the legislative
intent underlying paragraph (i) of the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA was that
_all_ orders for interrogatories be non-appealable to the Court of Appeal,
whether or not the order was made of the hearing of an interlocutory
application. According to Ms Barker, while paragraph (e)(ix) of the Fifth
Schedule is self-evidently limited to interlocutory applications for
interrogatories made under O 26 r 1 of the Rules of Court, paragraph (i) of
the Fourth Schedule is a wider provision, and it should be interpreted to
cover interrogatories administered in the course of proceedings under O 26 r 1
as well as pre-action interrogatories applied for pursuant to O 26A r 1.

56 We did not agree with Ms Barker in this respect. In our judgment,
Parliament had only intended to deal with orders made in the course of
interlocutory applications. The respondent’s contentions in this respect were
untenable in the circumstances because they were premised on a literal
interpretation of paragraph (i) of the Fourth Schedule, divorced from its
purpose and context.

Is an application to administer pre-action interrogatories an “interlocutory
application”?

57 In oral argument, Ms Barker conceded that an application to administer pre-
action interrogatories is not an “interlocutory application”. On the view we
took of the true interpretation of paragraph (i) of the Fourth Schedule to the
SCJA, Ms Barker’s concession was sufficient for us to dismiss the respondent’s
application to strike out CA 167/2012 and so to order that the appeal be heard
on its substantive merits. However, we wish to emphasise that this was a
concession that was properly made.

58 The term “interlocutory application” is not defined in the SCJA. According
to _Jowitt’s Dictionary of English Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2010), an
application is interlocutory if “it is peripheral to the main hearing
determining the outcome of the case”. Similarly, the _Oxford Dictionary of
Law_ (Oxford University Press, 7th Ed, 2009) defines the term “interlocutory”
as “[d]uring the course of proceedings ... occurring between the initiation of
the action and the final determination”.

59 These definitions are consonant with the meaning attributed to the term by
the Minister in the Second Reading Speech. There, the Minister explained that:

_Between the time when a party files a civil case in court and when the case
is heard, lawyers may file what are known as “interlocutory applications” in
court_. These applications deal with procedural matters that prepare the case
for hearing; for example, requesting the court to order the other party to
furnish information or documents that are relevant to the hearing.

[emphasis added]

60 On this basis, it would be wrong to treat an application to administer pre-
action interrogatories under O 26A r 1 of the Rules of Court as an
interlocutory application. As a matter of principle, an application to
administer pre-action interrogatories is not an application made _between_ the
time a party files a civil case in court and when that case is finally heard
for disposal. Rather, it is an application made by way of originating summons
and its only end is the particular relief sought in the originating summons.
Once the application for such relief has been considered and ruled upon by the
court, that matter ends and those proceedings are not followed by any other
steps leading to any trial or further disposal of that matter.

61 The decision of this court in _Maldives Airport Co Ltd and another v GMR
Malé International Airport Pte Ltd_ [2013] SGCA 16 (“ _Maldives Airport Co
Ltd_ ”) is directly on point and supports the proposition that an application
to administer pre-action interrogatories is not an interlocutory application.
There, the respondent applied by way of originating summons for an interim
injunction under s 12 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev
Ed). The purpose of the injunction was to restrain the appellants from
interfering with the respondent’s performance of its obligations under a
concession agreement, pending arbitration of the substantive dispute between
the parties. The judge granted the injunction and the appellant appealed to
the Court of Appeal.

62 Before this court, the respondent raised the preliminary objection that the
decision of the judge to grant the injunction was an order made at the hearing
of an interlocutory application, such that leave to appeal was required
pursuant to s 34(2)(_d_) of the SCJA, read with paragraph (e) of the Fifth
Schedule to the SCJA. As leave had not been obtained, the respondent argued
that this court did not have jurisdiction to hear the appeal. In rejecting the
respondent’s jurisdictional challenge as being without merit, we held (at
[15]):

15 … [I]t is incorrect to characterise the Judge’s decision as one made on an
interlocutory application. The application for the Injunction was made by
[Originating Summons No 1128 of 2012 (“OS 1128”)]; _the sole purpose of OS
1128 was to seek the Injunction. It would be odd if OS 1128 were to be
characterised as an interlocutory application when there was nothing further
for the court to deal with once the Injunction had been either granted or
refused._ This was not a case where an interlocutory injunction was sought
pending the resolution of the substantive dispute before the court. The sole
and entire purpose of the originating process in this case was to obtain the
Injunction. Once that application had been determined, the entire subject
matter of the proceeding would have been spent.

[emphasis added]

63 We should also refer to the _dicta_ of this court in _Wellmix Organics_.
There, in discussing the meaning of “interlocutory order” under s 34(1)(_c_)
of the old SCJA, this court said (at [16]):

16 We recognise that on [the _Bozson_ test], it is possible that an order
granted in one proceeding may be interlocutory and yet the same nature of
order granted in another proceeding may be final. The point may again best be
illustrated by an example. Taking the case of an action for breach of
contract, where an application is made for discovery of documents, the order
for discovery will be an interlocutory order. _But it does not follow that
every discovery order will necessarily be an interlocutory order. It will
depend on the nature of the originating process and the relief(s) prayed for.
A proceeding may be instituted purely to obtain pre-action discovery. In that
situation, upon the granting of the order prayed for, that order will be a
final order because it disposes of everything in the proceeding_.

[emphasis added]

64 It is pertinent that an application to administer pre-action
interrogatories is made by way of originating summons under O 26A r 1 of the
Rules of Court. We reiterate that the sole purpose of the originating summons
is to obtain discovery of information through the administration of
interrogatories on the defendant to the originating summons. Once the
application is determined, the entire subject matter of that originating
summons is spent and there is nothing further for the court to deal with.

65 In these circumstances, applying our reasoning in _Maldives Airport Co Ltd_
and in _Wellmix Organics_ , it would have been erroneous to characterise an
order giving leave to administer pre-action interrogatories as an order made
at the hearing of an interlocutory application. Accordingly, we consider that
Ms Barker’s concession was properly made.

66 We recognise that against this view, it might be argued that an application
for pre-action interrogatories is in substance one that is preliminary and
incidental to proceedings which may subsequently be commenced by the party
seeking to administer those interrogatories. Moreover, it might be said that
the application is made by originating summons, rather than by way of a
summons in the proceedings, out of sheer necessity, as substantive proceedings
are not yet afoot. On that view, it might be said that an application for pre-
action interrogatories is in fact and in substance interlocutory in nature.

67 While such an argument might be superficially attractive, we find it
untenable upon closer scrutiny. First, it is not always the case that
substantive proceedings _will_ be commenced by the party seeking to administer
pre-action interrogatories. This could be so for a number of reasons. It may
be that the answers given in the interrogatories are insufficient for him to
determine whether he has a viable cause of action against the potential
defendant(s) to that cause of action; or that after administering
interrogatories, he remains unaware who the defendant(s) ought to be; or it
might even be that for whatever reason, he elects not to commence proceedings
at all.

68 Second, under O 26A r 1(5) of the Rules of Court, the court may, before the
commencement of proceedings, order that interrogatories be administered _on a
person who is not a party to those proceedings_ for the purpose of identifying
the likely parties to those proceedings. In this respect, O 26A r 1(5) is
thought to codify the principle established by the seminal decision of the
House of Lords in _Norwich Pharmacal Co and Others v Customs and Excise
Commissioners_ [1974] AC 133 (“ _Norwich Pharmacal_ ”): see _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2013_ (GP Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2013) at p 536.

69 In _Norwich Pharmacal_ , the plaintiffs were the patent owners and
licensees of a chemical compound whose rights were being infringed by the
illegal importation of the compound from abroad. Not knowing the identity of
the wrongdoers, the plaintiffs brought an action for discovery against the
Customs and Excise Commissioners (“the Commissioners”) who had this
information. This was coupled with a substantive claim for infringement.

70 Before the House of Lords, the plaintiffs abandoned their claim for
infringement of its patent against the Commissioners. Rather, the plaintiffs
conceded that in allowing the movement of the goods in performance of their
statutory duty, the Commissioners had merely facilitated the wrongdoing. The
action before the House of Lords was therefore one that was purely for
discovery. Lord Reid held (at 175) that:

… [I]f through no fault of his own a person gets mixed up in the tortious acts
of others as to facilitate their wrong-doing he may incur no personal
liability but he comes under a duty to assist the person who has been wronged
by giving him full information and disclosing the identity of the wrongdoers.
…

71 On the principle enunciated by Lord Reid, it is sufficient that the person
against whom pre-action interrogatories are sought has, even unknowingly,
facilitated the wrongdoing of others. He need not otherwise have incurred
personal liability to the person wronged in respect of that wrongdoing. It is
thus evident that pre-action interrogatories may have a significant, if not
draconian, impact upon persons who are in truth innocent bystanders to the
substantive suit. The facts in _Norwich Pharmacal_ aptly illustrate this. This
is also not dissimilar to the case of a journalist, on whom pre-action
interrogatories are administered to compel him to disclose the identity of
confidential sources.

72 In such cases, _the only obligation imposed by the court on the defendant
to the originating summons, vis-à-vis the plaintiff, is to make discovery of
information_. The action brought against such a defendant is one purely for
the discovery of information. This is separate and distinct from proceedings
which may subsequently be commenced by the party having obtained the
information. In these circumstances, it would be incorrect to treat an
application to administer pre-action interrogatories as an interlocutory step
in proceedings which the party seeking to administer those interrogatories may
subsequently commence.

73 In our judgment, the balance of authority, principle and policy compels the
conclusion that an application to administer pre-action interrogatories does
not fall within the meaning of “interlocutory application” under the SCJA –
which, as we have noted, Ms Barker conceded was the position.

74 It follows from this that the reference to “interrogatories” in paragraph
(i) of the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA does not include pre-action
interrogatories. Accordingly, we conclude that an appeal against an order made
on an application for leave to administer pre-action interrogatories does not
come within any of the limitations prescribed in s 34 of the SCJA or the
Fourth and Fifth Schedules to the SCJA. The appellant had a right of appeal to
the Court of Appeal against the order of the Judge in RA 404/2012 giving pre-
action interrogatories. We therefore dismissed the application to strike out
CA 167/2012.

The appellant’s alternative argument

75 In written submissions,[note: 2] the appellant contended for an
interpretation of paragraph (i) of the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA which goes
further than the reasons we have just given for our decision. The gist of the
appellant’s alternative contention was as follows. Under the 2010 amendments,
Parliament had only intended to restrict the right of appeal against
interlocutory orders. There was no intention to restrict the right of appeal
against final orders. Based on the _dicta_ in _Wellmix Organics_ , the
appellant argued that an order giving or refusing pre-action interrogatories
is a final order. Accordingly, the appellant contended that paragraph (i) of
the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA was not intended to, and does not, include an
order permitting the service of pre-action interrogatories.

76 The appellant’s contention was inconsequential to the outcome of the
present case. As we explained at [50]–[54] above, the Fourth and Fifth
Schedules to the SCJA only apply to orders made at the hearing of
_interlocutory applications_. They do not apply to orders giving or refusing
leave to administer pre-action interrogatories because the _application_ for
leave to administer pre-action interrogatories is not interlocutory in nature.

The interpretation of paragraph (e) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA

77 The appellant’s contention however raises fundamental questions concerning
the interpretation of paragraph (e) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA. It is
perhaps unsurprising that the interpretation of the Fourth and Fifth Schedules
to the SCJA, at this still early stage in the aftermath of the enactment, has
engendered some difficulty in practice, even though the legislative reform was
initiated to clarify and streamline the circumstances in which an appeal could
be brought to the Court of Appeal. For the avoidance of doubt in future cases,
we ought to provide some guidance on this issue.

78 To recapitulate, the Fourth and Fifth Schedules to the SCJA expressly treat
orders made at the hearing of interlocutory applications as being non-
appealable to the Court of Appeal or appealable only with leave. In the
absence of express provision, paragraph (e) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA
is a catch-all provision which provides that orders made at the hearing of
interlocutory applications, save for those expressly excluded from the ambit
of the paragraph, are appealable to the Court of Appeal only with leave.

79 The question then is: does the requirement of leave under paragraph (e) of
the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA apply regardless of the type of order that is
made? This question is best considered with an example – the case of an
application made under O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court for the determination
of any question of law. Upon such a determination, the court may dismiss the
action or make such order or judgment as the court thinks fit.

80 Three features of an application made under O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court
are pertinent. First, such an application, being made in the course of
proceedings, would be an interlocutory application for the purposes of
paragraph (e) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA. Second, the application could
result in the making of a final order, in that insofar as the court may
dismiss the action or cause judgment to be entered, such an order would be one
that finally disposes of the substantive rights of the parties. Third,
applications under O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court are not expressly excepted
from the requirement of leave under paragraph (e) of the Fifth Schedule to the
SCJA.

81 If “order” under paragraph (e) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA is
interpreted to mean all orders, whether interlocutory or final, the effect of
the foregoing would be that a final order made at the hearing of an
application under O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court would be appealable to the
Court of Appeal only with leave of the High Court judge. However, the
difficulty with such an interpretation is that it would be inconsistent with
the legislative intent underlying the 2010 amendments to the SCJA. As the
Minister explained in the Second Reading Speech:

Interlocutory applications will now be categorised based on their importance
to the substantive outcome of the case. _With this calibrated approach, some
interlocutory orders will not be allowed to go to the Court of Appeal, whilst
others can only go to the Court of Appeal with the permission of the High
Court..._**_The right of appeal all the way to the Court of Appeal will,
however, remain for interlocutory applications that could affect the final
outcome of the case._**

[emphasis added in bold and italics]

82 Moreover, in _OpenNet_ (at [18]), this court observed that:

18 … In short, the purpose underlying the SCJA regarding the right to appeal
is that _an appeal to the Court of Appeal will generally be as of right for
orders made at interlocutory applications which have the effect of finally
disposing of the substantive rights of the parties_ ; while an appeal to the
Court of Appeal will ordinarily be denied for orders made at interlocutory
applications which do not finally dispose of the substantive rights of the
parties. …

[emphasis added]

83 We agree with these observations in _OpenNet_. As we explained at [45]
above, under the 2010 amendments to the SCJA, Parliament had intended to
address the deficiencies of the previous legislative regime set out in s
34(1)(_c_) of the old SCJA, where interlocutory orders had been generally
appealable as of right to the Court of Appeal, subject only to the requirement
of further arguments before the High Court.

84 The very purpose of the 2010 amendments was to restrict appeals to the
Court of Appeal from interlocutory _orders._ Moreover, it is evident that
Parliament had intended that an appeal to the Court of Appeal ought to remain
as of right where a final order which disposes of the substantive rights of
the parties is made by a High Court judge, even if this was done at the
hearing of an interlocutory application. In this regard, it is also pertinent
that each of the orders expressly stipulated by the Fourth and Fifth Schedules
to the SCJA as being non-appealable or appealable only with leave are
interlocutory as opposed to final in nature.

85 In these circumstances, we hold that the reference to “order” in paragraph
(e) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA should be read in the light of its
purpose and context, to mean “interlocutory order”.

86 The foregoing analysis is consistent with our recent decision in _OpenNet_.
In _OpenNet_ , the appellant applied under O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court for
leave to seek judicial review of a decision made by the respondent. The
application for leave was refused by the High Court judge and the appellant
appealed to the Court of Appeal.

87 Before this court, the respondent applied for the appeal to be struck out.
The respondent contended that the order of the judge refusing leave to
commence judicial review proceedings was an “order made at the hearing of an
interlocutory application”. Accordingly, the respondent contended that leave
to appeal was required under s 34(2)(_d_) of the SCJA, read with paragraph (e)
of the Fifth Schedule, and that the appellant had not obtained the same.

88 In rejecting the respondent’s contention, this court said (at [21]):

21 … As for the present application which the Appellant had initiated by way
of an originating summons (“OS”), the very relief sought in the OS was to
obtain leave to commence proceedings for judicial review. This was all that
was sought in the OS, which had been refused. In refusing leave to commence
judicial review, the substantive issue in the OS had been decided upon by the
Judge. There was nothing more to proceed on. The substantive rights of the
parties had come to an absolute end unless there could be an appeal.
Therefore, the application made by the Appellant in the OS did not come within
the meaning of “interlocutory application” under paragraph (e) of the Fifth
Schedule of the SCJA. …

89 This court went on to say (at [29]):

29 … If we bear in mind the rationale for the three category approach, then
for the reasons which we have alluded to earlier at [18] and [21], the
Appellant here should be entitled to lodge an appeal as of right. The refusal
by the Judge to grant leave to the Appellant to commence judicial review had
brought the proceedings to an abrupt and absolute end. A historical informed
view of O 53 r 8, including the reference to “interlocutory order” therein,
does not undermine the strong parliamentary intention that an appeal to the
Court of Appeal will remain as of right for orders made at interlocutory
applications which finally dispose of the substantive rights of the parties.

90 In _OpenNet_ , this court was taking precisely the same approach as we have
articulated here. Put simply, _OpenNet_ held in effect that the 2010
amendments did not apply to an _order_ that was final in the sense that it
effectively disposed of a party’s substantive claim to relief, even if that
order was made in the course of an application that might have been
interlocutory in nature.

91 It should be noted that an application for leave to seek judicial review is
commenced by originating summons; but unlike say an originating summons
seeking leave to administer pre-action interrogatories, if leave to apply for
judicial review is granted, the originating summons is not spent. Instead, the
substantive application for judicial review is made by a summons issued within
the _same_ originating summons. Yet, this did not prevent this court in
_OpenNet_ from holding that the _order_ refusing leave to apply for judicial
review was appealable as of right because its effect was to finally dispose of
the applicant’s claim to substantive relief.

Applications for leave to appeal

92 Finally, we wish to state that the 2010 amendments to the SCJA represent a
material departure from the previous statutory scheme in one other aspect.
Under the previous statutory scheme, leave to appeal, where required, could be
obtained from either the High Court judge or the Court of Appeal; provided the
application was first made to the High Court judge.

93 In contrast, where leave to appeal is required pursuant to the present s
34(2) of the SCJA, this may only be obtained from the High Court judge who
made the order being appealed against. O 56 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court
provides:

A party applying for leave under s 34 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
_to appeal against an order made, or a judgment given, by a Judge must file
his application to the Judge_ within 7 days of the order or judgment.

[emphasis added]

94 Moreover, s 34(2B) of the SCJA provides that the order of the High Court
judge giving or refusing leave to appeal is final.

95 However, there appears to be one apparently anomalous exception to the
propositions we have set out at [93] and [94] above, namely where an _ex
parte_ application is refused at first instance. In that case, under O 57 r
16(3) of the Rules of Court, the applicant can renew the application before
the Court of Appeal within seven days after the date of hearing.

96 Strictly speaking, an application to the Court of Appeal in these
circumstances is not an appeal. In substance, however, it means that a party
making an _ex parte_ application is entitled to two tiers of hearings
including one before the Court of Appeal as of right. If, on the other hand,
an interlocutory order is made on an interlocutory application that is heard
_inter partes_ , the default position under the Fourth and Fifth Schedule to
the SCJA is that leave of the High Court judge is required before an appeal
can be brought to the Court of Appeal.

97 As _ex parte_ applications are virtually always interlocutory in nature, it
is anomalous that a party making an application _ex parte_ is able to renew
the application before the Court of Appeal while a party making an application
_inter partes_ is not. Should leave be refused by the High Court judge, that
would be the end of the matter as the aggrieved party would then have no
avenue to obtain leave from the Court of Appeal. In our judgment, legislative
intervention would be desirable in this regard. Where a party is refused leave
to appeal by the High Court judge who heard the application, we see no reason
why he should not be allowed to renew his application for leave before the
Court of Appeal on such terms and in such manner as that court may decide.

Summary of principles

98 For the avoidance of doubt in future cases, we summarise the principles to
be adopted in the interpretation of s 34, read with the Fourth and Fifth
Schedules to the SCJA.

(a) Ordinarily, pursuant to s 29A of the SCJA, any judgment or order of the
High Court is appealable as of right to the Court of Appeal. This, however, is
subject to any provision in the SCJA or any other written law to the contrary.

(b) Where interlocutory applications are concerned, ss 34(1)(_a_) and
34(2)(_d_) of the SCJA, read with the Fourth and Fifth Schedules respectively,
are examples of such provisions to the contrary. These provisions prescribe
that particular orders are either non-appealable or appealable to the Court of
Appeal only with leave.

(c) Where specific provision has been made in s 34 of the SCJA and in the
Fourth and Fifth Schedules, that will apply on its terms, save that paragraph
(i) of the Fourth Schedule and paragraph (c) of the Fifth Schedule apply only
to orders made upon interlocutory applications.

(d) In relation to the opening words of paragraph (e) of the Fifth Schedule to
the SCJA, the reference to “order” is to be read as a reference to an
interlocutory order.

(e) Where an order is not stipulated as being _non-appealable_ or _appealable
only with leave_ , an appeal to the Court of Appeal will lie as of right.

Conclusion

99 For these reasons, we dismissed the respondent’s application to strike out
CA 167/2012 and ordered that the appeal proceed to be heard on its substantive
merits. We also ordered that the respondent pay the appellant the costs of the
application, fixed at $5,000 inclusive of disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras [53]-[56].

[note: 2]Appellant’s Written Submissions at paras [47]-[50].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Apr 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

