Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  S Gopikrishnan _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 125

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 149 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gopinath Pillai (TanJinHwee LLC) for the Appellant; Ng
Yiwen (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  S Gopikrishnan — Public Prosecutor  
  
1 July 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant was driving his 13-year-old son to school in the morning of 3
May 2011 along Bartley Road, ‘battling the morning rush hour’, according to
the trial judge, when he swerved into the complainant taxi-driver’s path.
Temper quickly overcame both drivers with one sounding his car horn and the
other (the appellant) gesturing with his finger (he claimed that he raised his
hand but not finger). When the vehicles stopped, the appellant noticed that
the taxi-driver had picked up his camera to take a picture of the appellant
and his car, and that somehow increased the appellant’s rage. He got out of
his car and walked to the taxi driver who was attempting to take his picture.
These were the uncontroversial facts.

2 The taxi-driver’s account thereafter was that the appellant went up to his
taxi and tried to wrest the camera from him, and at the same time he shouted
‘Give me the camera you fucking bastard, or I will punch your face.’ When he
failed to get the camera, the appellant walked back to his car but he turned
back when he saw that the taxi-driver was still using the camera. He walked
back to the taxi and tried once more to grab the camera. The taxi-driver used
his right hand to fend off the appellant. That was when the appellant pulled
the taxi-driver’s middle finger causing a sharp pain. The doctor, Dr Seah Chee
Yong (“Dr Seah”), who examined the taxi-driver testified that his examination
and the x-ray report showed that the taxi-driver suffered an ‘avulsion
fracture of the right middle finger at the third middle phalanx’.

3 The appellant denied that he had shouted vulgarities at the taxi-driver and
that it was the taxi-driver who used vulgarities. He denied touching the taxi-
driver at all. The trial judge accepted the taxi-driver’s version and
convicted the appellant on charge under s 325 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”) for causing grievous hurt to the taxi-driver, and
sentenced the appellant to eight months imprisonment. The appellant was also
ordered to pay $120 as compensation under s 359 of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Act 15 of 2010).

4 The appellant appealed against conviction and sentence. So far as the
conviction was concerned, Mr Gopinath Pillai, counsel for the appellant,
realised that the appellant had to offer an alternative account of the taxi-
driver’s injury. Thus counsel submitted that the avulsion fracture could have
been caused when the tax-driver tapped that finger vigorously and repeatedly
against the driver’s window of his taxi. Counsel had hoped that the brief
account at trial where the appellant had claimed that the taxi-driver ‘jabbed
his finger’ at him in a vulgar way, might help raise a reasonable doubt that
the injury was inflicted by the appellant. The main defence at trial appeared
to be a denial of contact and thus, the injury was fabricated by the taxi-
driver. The trial judge disbelieved the appellant’s account. On the evidence,
I am of the view that there is no basis for this court, on appeal, to
interfere with those findings.

5 In respect of the sentence, it was clear that the judge took into account
the fact that the charge was not just the usual road rage offence because the
appellant in this case was charged for causing grievous hurt and not simple
hurt. It is plain that the former is a much more serious charge because the
injuries contemplated under s 325 of the Penal Code are serious and
debilitating ones. One of those injuries that would bring a case within the
ambit of s 325 is a fracture injury. However, in this case, the medical
evidence and the evidence of the taxi-driver showed that while the injury to
the middle finger had caused pain and was properly diagnosed as an avulsion
fracture, it was, in fact, not as serious as the term ‘fracture’ suggested. Dr
Seah described the injury as a ‘sprain injury’ although the pain could be
‘quite great’. There was some swelling of the finger, but the taxi-driver did
not require hospitalisation, and Dr Seah testified that the taxi-driver was
‘treated non-operatively’. The injury did not prevent the taxi-driver from
continuing to drive and work. Subsequent follow-up indicated that the injury
healed.

6 I take into account the finding that the injury was caused by the appellant
pulling the taxi-driver’s finger (in the course of trying to grab the camera),
and that apart from that no other violence was used. Cases of road rage
offenders charged under s 325 have shown more aggravating circumstances: in
_Public Prosecutor v Lee Seck Hing_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 374; [1992] SGHC 185, the
accused had fractured the victim’s right arm, tailed the victim to the
hospital, then threatened him with further injury while he was apologising;
while in _Public Prosecutor v Tan Eng Heong_ [2010] SGDC 303, the accused had
hit the victim with a wooden pole a few times and only ceased because he had
to resume control of his car. It seems to me that although the charge and the
conviction were proper and correct, the circumstances indicated that this case
was more akin to a case of causing simple hurt in the course of a road rage.

7 Even so, comparing this case with other road rage cases in which simple hurt
was caused, the injury caused was not in fact as serious as some others. In
_Neo Ner v Public Prosecutor_ (MA 113 of 2000, unreported), the accused was
sentenced to three months’ imprisonment for slamming the victim’s car door in
the victim’s face, causing a laceration to the cheek and back of his head; in
_Ong Kok Leong & Tay Liang Seah v Public Prosecutor_ (MA 195 and 196 of 2008,
unreported), the first accused was sentenced to two weeks’ imprisonment for
punching the victim on his face and chest a few times; in _PP v Goh Kah Sia_
[2010] SGDC 166, the accused was sentenced to two weeks’ imprisonment for
punching the victim repeatedly on the forehead. It can be surmised that the
circumstances in this case in which the injury was caused (pulling at the
finger) was not as severe as some other more aggravating assaults following a
road rage.

8 The appellant was hitherto a person of good character and this was his first
offence. It was not premeditated and had occasioned from a lack of control. It
seems unlikely that with this experience he would likely commit this offence
again. In the circumstances, I am of the view that the sentence was manifestly
excessive.

9 The appeal against conviction is dismissed. The sentence in so far as the
imprisonment was concerned is varied from eight months to two weeks.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

