Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Aero-Gate Pte Ltd _v_ Engen Marine Engineering Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHC 148

Case Number| :| Suit No 373 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Vinodh Coomaraswamy JC (as he then was)  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Navinder Singh (Navin & Co LLP) for the plaintiff;
Palaniappan Sundararaj and Ramesh Bharani (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Aero-Gate Pte Ltd — Engen Marine Engineering Pte Ltd  
  
31 July 2013|  
---|---  
  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff engaged the defendant to fabricate and deliver ten
containerised diesel generators to the plaintiff under two purchase orders.
The defendant delivered these generators either late or not at all. The
plaintiff therefore commenced this action seeking a number of heads of relief
in respect of the defendant’s breach of contract. The defendant in its
counterclaims alleges that it was the plaintiff who breached the two purchase
orders as well as a separate contract unrelated to these two purchase orders.

2 Having heard and considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I
found the defendant to have been in breach of contract. I therefore granted
the plaintiff most of the heads of relief it claimed and dismissed the
defendant’s counterclaim. The defendant has appealed against my decision. I
therefore set out now the grounds of my decision.

Factual background

Parties and personnel

3 The plaintiff is a Singapore company. Its principal business is to provide
engineering services for rotating equipment in the oil and gas industry.
Edward Law (“Mr Law”) is its managing director. James Stephenson (“Mr
Stephenson”) is a director. Hener Oblenida Oracion (“Mr Oracion”) and Edwin
Sarsale Podador (“Mr Podador”) are electrical engineers employed by the
plaintiff. The plaintiff called all four men as witnesses at the trial.

4 The defendant is also a Singapore company. Its business is to design and
fabricate containerised generators as well as to manufacture and repair marine
engines and ship parts. Its general manager is Ramasamy Tanabalan (“Mr
Tanabalan”). His wife Selvarajoo Mageswari is its sole director. Selvakumar
s/o Ramasamy (“Mr Selvakumar”), Mr Tanabalan’s brother, is its project
engineer. The defendant called all three of them as witnesses at the trial.
The defendant called, in addition, two other witnesses to give what was said
to be expert evidence at trial. I address the evidence of these two persons at
[112] below.

The purchase orders

5 On 9 March 2011, the Iran Offshore Engineering and Construction Company
(“IOEC”) awarded the plaintiff a contract. Under this contract, the plaintiff
was to supply four containerised diesel generators to IOEC.[note: 1] The
plaintiff subcontracted the work to the defendant under purchase order
AG65-20110065-REV00 (“PO 1”). Although PO 1 was dated 22 March 2011, the
plaintiff and the defendant executed it in April 2011.[note: 2] Under PO 1,
the defendant was to procure four “Caterpillar Diesel Generator package[s]”
(“Caterpillar Generators”), incorporate them into containerised diesel
generators to be fabricated to the plaintiff’s requirements and thereafter
deliver the completed containerised diesel generators (“Completed Generators”)
to the plaintiff. Delivery was to be no later than 1 October 2011. As
consideration, the plaintiff agreed to pay the defendant US$315,000 per
Completed Generator. For PO 1, therefore, the total consideration was US$1.26m
in all.

6 On 3 May 2011, IOEC awarded the plaintiff another contract. Under this
second contract, the plaintiff was to supply six additional containerised
diesel generators to IOEC.[note: 3] The plaintiff again subcontracted the work
to the defendant under purchase order AG65-20110068-REV00 (“PO 2”). PO 2 was
dated 31 May 2011 and was signed by both parties on 2 June 2011.[note: 4]
Under PO 2, the defendant was to procure six Caterpillar Generators,
incorporate them into containerised diesel generators to be fabricated to the
plaintiff’s requirements and thereafter deliver the Completed Generators to
the plaintiff. The defendant was to deliver four of the Completed Generators
no later than 1 November 2011 and the remaining two Completed Generators no
later than 1 January 2012. As consideration, the plaintiff again agreed to pay
the defendant US$315,000 per Completed Generator. For PO 2, the total
consideration was therefore US$1.89m.

7 PO 2 was attached to an e-mail dated 31 May 2011 from Mr Law to Mr
Tanabalan.[note: 5] In this covering e-mail, Mr Law informed Mr Tanabalan of a
change to the delivery deadline specified in PO 1. The four Completed
Generators under PO 1 were to be delivered no later than “end January 2012”
instead of 1 October 2011. PO 1 was amended accordingly.[note: 6] I should
note that, a few paragraphs later in the same e-mail, Mr Law wrote of PO 1,
“delivery date end January 2012 (final date to be advised but not before end
January 2012)”. I discuss later the effect of these words.

8 In summary, under PO 1 and PO 2 the defendant was to supply the plaintiff
with a total of ten Completed Generators, which the plaintiff would then
deliver to IOEC in performance of its own contract with IOEC. The deadline for
delivery under PO 2 was _earlier_ than the delivery deadline in PO 1, even
though the parties entered into PO 2 _after_ PO 1.

9 At this juncture, I make two points about the two purchase orders. First,
under both PO 1 and PO 2, the plaintiff was to pay the defendant in stages in
accordance with a schedule (“the Payment Schedule”). The Payment Schedule
provided as follows:

Payment shall be made on the next Banking Day after receipt of the payment
from [the plaintiff’s] Client (IOEC) following receipt of invoice and
achievement of the following milestone(s):

• 20% - On submission of applicable SUPPLIER Documentation / Data and
certification requirements as detailed hereinafter.

• 30% - On arrival of the Caterpillar Diesel Generator packages and submission
of proof of ownership

• 40% - Upon completion and prior to shipment of the packages.

• 10% - On submission of all PURCHASER approved final documentation.

The second point is that the defendant’s work involved removing the standard
factory-installed alternators in Caterpillar Generators (“SR4 Alternators”),
and replacing them with alternators manufactured by Leroy-Somer (South East
Asia) Pte Ltd (“LS Alternators”). The LS Alternators met IOEC’s specifications
but the SR4 Alternators did not. I note that there is a dispute as to when the
defendant learnt that its work would involve this task of replacing the
alternators.

Initial downpayments

10 On 4 May 2011, the plaintiff paid the defendant a sum of US$252,000, being
20% of the contract price of US$1.26m under PO 1. On 2 June 2011, the
plaintiff paid the defendant US$378,000, being 20% of the contract price of
US$1.89m under PO 2. Each payment was expressly made pursuant to the first
stage of the Payment Schedule in each of PO 1 and PO 2. The plaintiff alleged
that it made the payments even though the defendant had not, at the time, done
what it was obliged to do in order to trigger its entitlement to the payments,
_ie_ , to submit the required documentation (see [9]) above. Not surprisingly,
the defendant argued that the plaintiff’s payments indicated its
acknowledgment that the defendant had fulfilled its obligations as to
documentation.

Deferment of PO 1 until completion of PO 2

11 The plaintiff’s pleaded case is that it “requested” that work under PO 1 be
“deferred” until the completion of work under PO 2.[note: 7] The
prioritisation of PO 2 over PO 1 was apparent from, at the latest, 31 May
2011, when Mr Law informed Mr Tanabalan by e-mail that the delivery deadline
for PO 1 would be pushed back to end-January 2012 (see [7] above).

Arrival of six Caterpillar Generators under PO 2

12 The defendant says that it purchased six Caterpillar Generators from a
supplier in China for US$106,870.50 per Caterpillar Generator on 16 June
2011.[note: 8] On or around 21 July 2011, the defendant received delivery of
these six Caterpillar Generators.[note: 9]

13 On 27 July 2011,[note: 10] Mr Tanabalan sought the second staged payment
under PO 2 on the basis that the defendant had received delivery of six
Caterpillar Generators. This payment amounted to US$567,000, being 30% of the
contract price of US$1.89m. Mr Law replied on 1 August 2011[note: 11] and
informed Mr Tanabalan that the second staged payment required a “transfer of
ownership to IOEC” of the six Caterpillar Generators. Mr Tanabalan responded
on the same day,[note: 12] querying how he could make such a transfer of
ownership when the 20% of the contract price received by the defendant under
the first stage of payment was insufficient to make full payment for the
Caterpillar Generators. Mr Law then replied, also on the same day. This reply
reiterated the need to transfer ownership of the Caterpillar Generators to
IOEC and assured the defendant that such a transfer of ownership would not be
a “big problem”[note: 13].

14 On 11 August 2011,[note: 14] Mr Law sent Mr Tanabalan by e-mail a draft
“Transfer of Ownership” document. He asked Mr Tanabalan to review it and send
it back with comments. Instead, Mr Tanabalan signed it[note: 15] and sent it
back to Mr Law by e-mail on 14 August 2011. This document was in the form of a
letter addressed to the plaintiff (“the Letter of Transfer”). It was dated 15
August 2011 and indicated that it had been signed on the same day. I will
consider the Letter of Transfer more closely later in these grounds of
decision.

15 The plaintiff then released the second staged payment to the defendant
under PO 2 in two payments. It paid US$100,000 on 1 September 2011 and paid
the remaining US$467,000 on 27 September 2011.[note: 16]

Progress on PO 2 and eventual termination of purchase orders

16 The defendant’s progress under PO 2 was slower than originally envisaged.
The defendant faults the plaintiff for the delay while the plaintiff blames
the defendant. I deal with this dispute later; for present purposes it
suffices to note that such a dispute exists.

17 On 15 September 2011, the plaintiff informed the defendant that IOEC had
agreed to grant an extension of time under PO 2. As a result, the defendant
was now to deliver two Completed Generators (which I will refer to as “the
First and Second Units”) to the plaintiff no later than 14 November 2011, and
the remaining four Completed Generators no later than 1 January 2012.[note:
17]

18 On 27 October 2011, the plaintiff informed the defendant that IOEC had
agreed to a further extension of time for the First and Second Units. These
were now due to be delivered to the plaintiff on 21 November 2011.[note: 18]
At a meeting on 31 October 2011, Mr Law informed Mr Tanabalan that IOEC
expected delivery of the First and Second Units by 26 November 2011.[note: 19]

19 The defendant failed to meet the 21 November 2011 deadline to deliver the
First and Second Units to the plaintiff. Despite that, the defendant continued
work under PO 2. Eventually, the defendant delivered the First and Second
Units to the plaintiff on 16 January 2012.[note: 20] Earlier, on 5 January
2012, the plaintiff had made payment of US$315,000 to the defendant to get the
defendant to release the First and Second Units.

20 Following the delivery of the First and Second Units, the defendant
continued work under PO 2. This work was exclusively in respect of what I
shall refer to as the “Third and Fourth Units”; no work was done on the
remaining two units, which I shall refer to as the “Fifth and Sixth Units”.
The progress of the work was unsatisfactory to the plaintiff. It therefore
terminated both PO 1 and PO 2 by a letter from its solicitors dated 24 April
2012.[note: 21] In that letter, the plaintiff’s solicitors said the plaintiff
had made a decision to “repudiate” both purchase orders. It is clear that what
the plaintiff’s solicitors meant was that the plaintiff had made a decision to
accept the defendant’s repudiatory breach and to _terminate_ its contracts
with the defendants. At the time that the plaintiff terminated the two
contracts, the defendant had delivered no Completed Generators other than the
First and Second Units.

21 I should say that I have at this point provided no more than a broad sketch
of the parties’ dealings in respect of PO 2. This is because there exist a
number of disputes of fact in connection with PO 2. It is not convenient now
to resolve those disputes, and accordingly I leave them for later.

Summary of the parties’ positions

22 In brief, the plaintiff’s case is that the defendant committed breaches of
contract in respect of PO 1 and PO 2 by failing to deliver the Completed
Generators by the stipulated deadlines. The plaintiff says further that by
reason of those breaches, the plaintiff was entitled to terminate both
contracts. To remedy the defendant’s alleged breaches, the plaintiff claims
recovery of certain sums paid to the defendant, damages, and an indemnity
against claims made against it by its own customer IOEC. The plaintiff further
claims that it is entitled to take possession of the Caterpillar Generators,
LS Alternators and SR4 Alternators still in the defendant’s possession. It
therefore seeks an order that the defendant deliver up to it these items. To
facilitate a full consideration of every one of the plaintiff’s claims, I
reproduce here in full the heads of relief it claims (“Heads of Relief”):

1) An order for the delivery up of the two unit packages including engine
CYG00565 and alternator 5NJ01277 and engine CYG00560 and alternator 5NJ01276
in the Defendants’ possession, complete with Caterpillar engines, control
panels and alternators;

2) An order for the delivery up of the remaining two Caterpillar engines with
SR4 Alternators and the remaining four SR4 alternators in the Defendants’
possession;

3) A declaration that Defendants hold on trust in favour of the Plaintiffs the
sum of USD 252,000 being the deposit paid by the Plaintiffs for the remaining
Units pursuant to Plaintiffs’ PO 1;

4) The sum of USD 252,000 being the deposit paid by the Plaintiffs for the
remaining Units pursuant to Plaintiffs’ PO 1;

5) The sum of USD 15,000.00 + GST being the Plaintiffs’ payment for each of
the two Unit packages including engine CYG00551 and CYG00552 which was
delivered late;

6) Return of the USD31,500.00 + GST paid for each of the two Unit packages
including engine CYG00551 and CYG00552 delivered being the 10% final payment
on completion of documentation approved by the Plaintiffs, which was not done;
and

7) USD213,000 being the additional costs incurred by the plaintiff to address
the shortfall in documentation and engineering including the provision of 2
electrical engineers;

8) A declaration that the Defendants are liable to indemnify the Plaintiffs
and keep them fully indemnified against all IOEC’s actions, claims,
proceedings, costs and damages (including any damages or compensation paid by
the Plaintiffs to IOEC to compromise or settle any claim) in relation to the
generator sets;

9) Damages to be assessed, including those arising from the Plaintiffs’
completion of the contracts on behalf of the Defendants[.]

For convenience, I shall refer to the Heads of Relief by the numbers which the
plaintiff has assigned to them.

23 The defendant denies that it breached either PO 1 or PO 2. It further
alleges that it was the plaintiff who breached them because it terminated the
purchase orders when it was not entitled to and because its conduct in a
number of instances did not conform to the agreed terms. The defendant claims
damages by way of counterclaim as a remedy for these alleged breaches by the
plaintiff. The defendant further denies that the plaintiff is entitled to
delivery up of the Caterpillar Generators, LS Alternators and SR4 Alternators
in the defendant’s possession.

24 The defendant’s counterclaim against the plaintiff also asserts a claim
against the plaintiff in respect of a separate contract, one unrelated to
either PO 1 or PO 2. I will deal with this aspect of the defendant’s
counterclaim after I have addressed the claims and counterclaims arising from
PO 1 and PO 2.

Issues to be determined on the plaintiff’s claim

25 The following issues arise in relation to PO 1:

(a) Did the defendant commit breach of contract?

(b) If so, was the defendant’s breach of contract of such a nature as to
entitle the plaintiff to terminate the contract?

(c) Is the plaintiff entitled to recover the US$252,000 which it paid to the
defendant under the first stage of the Payment Schedule?

26 The following issues arise in relation to PO 2:

(a) Did the defendant commit breach of contract?

(b) If so, was the defendant’s breach of contract of such a nature as to
entitle the plaintiff to terminate the contract?

(c) If so, was the plaintiff precluded from terminating the contract by reason
of waiver or estoppel?

(d) If the defendant was in breach of contract, what remedies are available to
the plaintiff?

(e) Did the plaintiff commit breach of contract, and if so, what remedies are
available to the defendant?

(f) Is the plaintiff entitled to delivery up of the Caterpillar Generators, LS
Alternators and SR4 Alternators in the defendant’s possession?

27 There is a final issue common to both PO 1 and PO 2: is the defendant
liable to indemnify the plaintiff against all loss arising from IOEC’s claims
against the plaintiff?

Three preliminary points

28 Before I deal with the issues to be determined, I pause to address three
preliminary points. First, I set out the established principles governing the
question of when a party’s breach of contract entitles the counterparty to
terminate the contract. This is an issue common to the analysis for both PO 1
and PO 2. Second, I make some remarks on a number of concepts in the law of
contract – namely variation, estoppel, waiver, election, and affirmation – in
the hope of clarifying the content of and relationship between these concepts.
The parties used these concepts on occasion somewhat loosely. That resulted in
parts of their written closing submissions being at cross-purposes to some
extent. Third, I briefly examine what is meant when it is said that time is
(or is not) of the essence in a contract. It was not always clear what was
meant by that phrase as it was used in the present case.

The right to terminate a contract for breach

29 There are four situations in which a breach of contract by a party entitles
the counterparty to terminate the contract: see _RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato
Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 (“ _RDC Concrete_ ”)
at [113]; _Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man
International (S) Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663 at
[155]–[157]; _Sports Connection Pte Ltd v Deuter Sports GmbH_ [2009] 3 SLR(R)
883 (“ _Sports Connection_ ”) at [24]; _Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd v
Comfort Resources Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 602 at [32].

30 The first situation is where a contractual term clearly and unambiguously
states that a party is entitled to terminate the contract if certain events
occur and those events in fact occur.

31 The second situation is where the contract-breaker clearly conveys to the
counterparty that the contract-breaker will not perform its contractual
obligations at all, thereby renouncing the contract: _RDC Concrete_ at [93]. I
shall refer to this type of breach as a “renunciation”.

32 The third situation is where the contract-breaker breaches a term of the
contract which is a condition of the contract. A term is a condition of the
contract if the parties intended to designate that term as one so important to
the parties that any breach would entitle the innocent party to terminate the
contract. The focus here is on the nature of the _term_ breached considered at
the time of contracting rather than on the actual consequences of the breach:
_RDC Concrete_ at [97].

33 The fourth situation is when the breach is one that deprives the innocent
party of substantially the whole benefit which it was intended the innocent
party would obtain from the contract. Such a breach has variously been called
a “fundamental breach” and a breach that “goes to the root of the contract”:
_RDC Concrete_ at [99]. The focus here is on the nature and consequences of
the _breach_. I shall refer to this type of breach as a “repudiatory breach”.
I do so to distinguish it from the now-discredited common law doctrine of
“fundamental breach” as a rule of law which restricts the application of
exclusion clauses. This doctrine was developed by the English Court of Appeal
before statute intervened in the form of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977.
An attenuated version of the doctrine survives to mitigate the effects of
exclusion clauses, but only as a rule of construction rather than a rule of
law: _Sun Technosystems Pte Ltd v Federal Express Services (M) Sdn Bhd_ [2007]
1 SLR(R) 411 at [18]–[19].

Clarification of some concepts in the law of contract

Distinctions between variation, estoppel and waiver

34 When a party is alleged to have committed a breach of contract, and in
particular a breach that entitles the innocent party to terminate the
contract, the party allegedly in breach may, as in the present case, plead –
or appear to plead – variation, estoppel and waiver as alternative defences to
the innocent party’s claim. As has been pointed out by a leading text, the
three concepts are similar in that they all operate to relieve a party from,
or of, its pre-existing contractual obligations, or rights: see Sean Wilken QC
& Karim Ghaly, _The Law of Waiver, Variation, and Estoppel_ (Oxford University
Press, 3rd Ed, 2012) (“ _Wilken & Ghaly_”) at para 2.02. But there are
differences of substance between the three. One of these is that variation
effects a contractually-binding alteration of the terms of the contract
whereas estoppel and waiver do not: see _Wilken & Ghaly_ at para 2.03. And so,
establishing a variation affords a defence if the act or omission would have
been a breach of the original contract but is in conformity with the varied
contract which has superseded the original contract.

35 Estoppel and waiver, by contrast, never give rise to new substantive
obligations. Instead, they operate to prevent the innocent party from
exercising the full range of his rights and/or remedies that have arisen by
reason of the other party’s breach. A summary of the distinctions between
estoppel and waiver may be found in _Wilken & Ghaly_ at paras 3.11–3.12. These
distinctions may, however, be more apparent than real (see the observations of
V K Rajah JC, as he then was, in _Jia Min Building Construction Pte Ltd v Ann
Lee Pte Ltd_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 288 at [28]).

Variation

36 A variation of a contract, like the contract itself, requires offer,
acceptance and consideration: _Ong Chay Tong & Sons (Pte) Ltd v Ong Hoo Eng_
[2009] 1 SLR(R) 305 at [28]–[29]. A factual or practical benefit suffices to
satisfy the requirement of consideration. This means that it is generally very
easy to locate some element of consideration between contracting parties,
especially in a transaction of a commercial nature: see the decisions of V K
Rajah JC (as he then was) in _Chwee Kin Keong and others v Digilandmall.com
Pte Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 594 at [139], Andrew Phang Boon Leong J (as he then
was) in _Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric (practising
under the name and style of W P Architects)_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 853 at [28]–[30],
and the Court of Appeal in _Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and
another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 at [100]–[101].

Estoppel

37 Estoppel is a protean concept. It is a genus consisting of a number of
species. On the facts of this case, the relevant estoppel is what is usually
referred to as “promissory estoppel”, although _Wilken & Ghaly_ prefer the
term “equitable forbearance” (at para 8.06). Promissory estoppel has three
elements: first, a clear and unequivocal promise by the promisor, whether by
words or conduct; second, reliance on the promise by the promisee; and third,
detriment suffered by the promisee as a result of the reliance: see the
decision of Philip Pillai J in _Oriental Investments (SH) Pte Ltd v Catalla
Investments Pte Ltd_ [2013] 1 SLR 1182 (“ _Catalla_ ”) at [83]. Some cases
describe the first element alternatively as a “representation” – see the
decision of Woo Bih Li J in _Centre for Creative Leadership (CCL) Pte Ltd v
Byrne Roger Peter and others_ [2013] 2 SLR 193 (“ _CCL_ ”) at [134] and that
of Steven Chong Horng Siong JC (as he then was) in _Lam Chi Kin David v
Deutsche Bank AG_ [2010] 2 SLR 896 (“ _Lam Chi Kin_ ”) at [50]. But what is
meant by “representation” here is not a representation of present fact. What
is meant is a representation as to future conduct: the party making the
representation represents that he will hold in abeyance the enforcement of his
strict legal rights. This distinguishes promissory estoppel from estoppel by
representation: see _Wilken & Ghaly_ at paras 8.03 and 8.05.

38 It is also said that a promisor is estopped by promissory estoppel only if
it is “inequitable” for him to resile from his promise. The precise
relationship between this requirement and the three elements just described is
not altogether clear. On one view, this requirement is in addition to the
three other elements. That appears to be the view of Pillai J in _Catalla_ at
[83]. On another view, this requirement is an alternative to the third element
of detriment. That appears to be the view of Woo J in _CCL_ at [134(c)]. Still
another view sees the third element of detriment as a flexible one with the
requirement that it be inequitable for the promisor to resile from his promise
being an “overarching principle” which determines how broadly or narrowly
detriment is defined in a given case. That appears to be the view of Chong JC
in _Lam Chi Kin_ at [57]. Perhaps a fourth view is that this requirement is
merely a compendious way of summarising the necessary effect of all three
subsidiary elements being satisfied. Fortunately, it is unnecessary for me to
align myself with any one of these views in order to dispose of this case.

Waiver, election and affirmation

39 Waiver, broadly speaking, is a “voluntary or intentional relinquishment of
a known right, claim or privilege”; it is an “informed choice manifested in
unequivocal conduct”: see _Wilken & Ghaly_ at para 3.14. These authors
classify waiver into four types. Adopting that classification for present
purposes, the type of waiver relevant to this case is what they call “waiver
by election”.

40 This brings me to the concepts of “election” and “affirmation”. Election is
simply a choice between two inconsistent rights, the “element of choice being
essential”: see _Wilken & Ghaly_ at para 6.04. There may be many circumstances
in which an election in that sense is made. The circumstance relevant for
present purposes is when there is a breach of contract entitling the innocent
party to terminate the contract. It is in this particular context that
“affirmation” is relevant. Affirmation of a contract means no more than
treating the contract as alive rather than terminated.

41 So a repudiatory breach of contract gives the innocent party an election
between terminating the contract and affirming it. Once the innocent party has
elected to affirm the contract notwithstanding a particular breach of that
contract by the counterparty, he abandons and thereby loses his right to
terminate the contract on grounds of that breach: see the speech of Lord Goff
of Chieveley, with which all the other members of the House of Lords agreed,
in _Motor Oil Hellas (Corinth) Refineries SA v Shipping Corporation of India
(The “Kanchenjunga”)_ [1990] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 391 (“ _Kanchenjunga_ ”) at
397–398. Thus, an innocent party who is faced with a breach of contract and
elects to affirm it instead of to terminate it thereby waives his right to
terminate the contract. To put it another way, following the election, he is
precluded by the doctrine of “waiver by election” from later seeking to
terminate that contract on grounds of the same breach.

42 When does waiver by election operate to preclude an innocent party from
terminating a contract for repudiatory breach? There are three requirements.
First, the innocent party must have acted in a manner consistent _only_ with
affirming the contract, _ie_ , treating the contract as still alive: see the
decision of Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in _The “Pacific Vigorous”_ [2006] 3 SLR(R)
374 at [15]. Second, the innocent party must have communicated his election,
_ie_ , his choice to affirm the contract, to the party in breach in clear and
unequivocal terms: see _Kanchenjunga_ at 398. Third, because the element of
choice is essential, there must be sufficient knowledge on the part of the
innocent party. He must at least be aware of the facts giving rise to his
right to terminate the contract before his subsequent conduct will be taken as
amounting to an election. It is not altogether clear whether he must, in
addition, be aware of the right to terminate itself. Ang J in _The “Pacific
Vigorous”_ did not say that this knowledge was required (at [15]), while the
English Court of Appeal in _Tele2 International Card Company SA v Post Office
Ltd_ [2009] EWCA Civ 9; [2009] All ER (D) 144 (Jan) appeared to take the view
that it was required (at [53], point (2)). It should be observed, however,
that the English Court of Appeal there purported to be summarising Lord Goff’s
analysis in _Kanchenjunga_ , whereas Lord Goff expressly left the question
open on the basis that it was unnecessary for him to decide it (at 398). Our
Court of Appeal also left the question open in _Chai Cher Watt (trading as
Chuang Aik Engineering Works) v SDL Technologies Pte Ltd and another appeal_
[2012] 1 SLR 152 at [34]. I likewise leave it open: I do not need to decide it
to determine the issues in the present case.

Meaning of “time is (or is not) of the essence”

43 The phrase “time is (or is not) of the essence” is not a term of art; it is
simply a convenient shorthand that can be used to mean different things in
different contexts. I confine my observations here to the negative usage of
the phrase, _ie_ , saying that “time is not of the essence”. All I seek to
demonstrate is that this phrase is capable of a wide variety of meanings.
First, it might mean that a contractual term as to time is not so important
that it is a condition of the contract. Second, if a contractual term as to
time is a condition and it has been breached, then describing the innocent
party as one to whom “time was not of the essence” might mean that he waived
his right to terminate which arose from the breach of condition. Third, it
might mean that the innocent party has waived not just his right to terminate
but also his right to claim damages for the breach. Fourth, it might mean that
parties have agreed a variation of a contractual term as to time, whether that
variation be an extension of definite length or of a more open-natured
character, _eg_ , the grant of reasonable time. There may be other
possibilities, but it is not my concern to canvass them all.

44 Having dealt with these preliminary points, I turn now to consider the
various issues to be determined.

Issues pertaining to PO 1

Whether the defendant committed breach of contract

45 It is not disputed that, when the plaintiff terminated both purchase orders
on 24 April 2012, the defendant had not delivered to the plaintiff any of the
four Completed Generators which it was obliged to deliver under PO 1. The
original delivery deadline for these four Completed Generators was 1 October
2011 (see [5] above). I am satisfied, on the basis of the e-mail dated 31 May
2011 and the amendment to the text of PO 1 (see [7] above), that the parties
agreed a variation of PO 1 on 31 May 2011. This variation superseded the
originally-stipulated delivery deadline and established a new, later delivery
deadline. From the plaintiff’s perspective, the consideration for this
variation was the practical benefit of putting the defendant in a position
where it was more likely to fulfil its obligations under PO 2 on time.

46 The question is then, what was the new delivery deadline agreed by the
parties? The plaintiff argues that it was end-January 2012, while the
defendant argues that the delivery deadline was set at large, or at least was
pushed back to a reasonable time after it delivered all six Completed
Generators under PO 2. The answer to this question depends on what was the
objectively ascertained consensus between the parties as at 31 May 2011, the
date on which the variation was agreed. My starting premise is that great
weight must be ascribed to the fact that PO 1, _ie_ , the contractual document
itself, was amended to reflect a delivery deadline of end-January 2012.[note:
22] Next, I have regard to the e-mail dated 31 May 2011, which I am satisfied
reflects the intention of the parties on that date. I note that Mr Tanabalan
did not object to it in response. The second paragraph of that e-mail contains
an unequivocal statement by Mr Law that the delivery deadline would be changed
to end-January 2012, as follows:

Hi Mr Tanabalan,

Please find attached [PO 2]. You will please note the delivery for these units
will be; 4 units for 1st November 2011 and 2 units for 1st January 2012...

Please note! We will issue you with an amendment to [PO 1] _changing the
delivery dates_ for the 4 units for [PO 1] to _end January 2012_.

...

[emphasis added]

However, there is a part of the same e-mail just a few paragraphs down in
which Mr Law tells Mr Tanabalan:

This means that partial payment will have been made for all 10 units; 6 units
for [PO 2] with delivery dates of 1st November 2011 (4) and 1st January 2012
(2) and 4 units for [PO 1] _with delivery date end January 2012_ (_final date
to be advised_ but not before end January 2012) [emphasis added]

I acknowledge that the words “final date to be advised” are curious given the
prior unequivocal statement that the delivery deadline would be changed to
end-January 2012. They are doubly curious because they immediately follow, in
the same sentence, a clear re-affirmation that PO 1 was “with delivery date
end January 2012”. But I am unable to accept the defendant’s contention that
the words “final date to be advised” thereby negate the otherwise-clear
agreement between the parties as at 31 May 2011 that the deadline for delivery
would be end-January 2012, _ie_ , 31 January 2012. At most, these words were
intended to reassure the defendant that it would not unilaterally bring the
delivery date forward and to indicate to the defendant a possibility that the
plaintiff might at some future time agree with the defendant a further delay
in the delivery deadline. The plaintiff never reached any such agreement with
the defendant.

47 The defendant then relies on para 13 of the plaintiff’s Reply and Defence
to Counterclaim, which reads:

Save that the work on the marine generators in relation to PO 1 _was requested
to be deferred until work on the marine generators under PO 2 was completed_ ,
Paragraph 18 of the Defence is denied. This did not mean the Defendants were
permitted to delay work as such. The generators were still to be delivered by
their contractual delivery dates. _The Plaintiffs had instructed the
Defendants to commence work for PO 1 after the completion of the work for PO
2_. However, the delivery date for PO 1 remained as agreed in end of January
2012. [emphasis added]

The defendant argues that it is inconsistent for the plaintiff to say, on one
hand, that the delivery deadline was 31 January 2012, and on the other, that
it had instructed the defendant to defer work on PO 1 until after the work on
PO 2 was completed.[note: 23] As was then contemplated by the parties, the
defendant was to have completed its work under PO 2 by 1 January 2012. A
deadline of 31 January 2012 for PO 1 would, the defendant contends, give it an
unreasonably short period of 30 days in which to complete the work on PO 1.
This must mean that an extension of the deadline was implicit in the
plaintiff’s instruction to defer the work on PO 1.

48 I reject the defendant’s argument. Just because 30 days might appear in
retrospect to be an unreasonably short period in which to complete PO 1, it
does not follow that it appeared that way to the parties on 31 May 2011. The
fact is that the defendant did not object to the amendment of PO 1 to reflect
a delivery deadline of 31 January 2012, nor did it object to Mr Law’s
unequivocal statements in the e-mail dated 31 May 2011 that the new delivery
deadline _was_ 31 January 2012. I am satisfied that, at the time, parties
contemplated that the defendant would arrange its affairs between 31 May 2011
and 31 January 2012 so as to enable it to complete both PO 2 by 1 January 2012
and PO 1 by 31 January 2012. Any unreasonable tightness of deadline stems from
the defendant’s own failure to do as it could and should have done. The
plaintiff’s instruction to defer the work on PO 1 is therefore entirely
consistent with the parties having agreed on 31 May 2011 that the delivery
deadline for PO 1 would be 31 January 2012. For this reason, I find that the
parties agreed by a contractually-binding variation on 31 May 2011 that the
delivery deadline for PO 1 would be 31 January 2012.

49 In connection with the plaintiff’s instruction to defer work on PO 1, there
is perhaps another argument that the defendant could have raised in its
favour, although I do not understand the defendant to have done so. This
argument is that such an instruction amounted to a second, subsequent
variation of the delivery deadline so that it was pushed back beyond 31
January 2012. Hypothetically speaking, if, for example, just days before 31
January 2012, as work on PO 2 was ongoing, the plaintiff instructed the
defendant, “Complete PO 2 first and commence work on PO 1 after”, this might
amount to replacing the deadline with an open-ended stipulation as to time of
delivery. The context in which the instruction was given is all-important. But
in the present case, the defendant has not shown me what that context was. All
I have is language in the plaintiff’s pleadings saying that, at some
unspecified point in time, in certain unspecified circumstances, such an
instruction was given. Given that this is the extent of the material before
me, I am unable to find on a balance of probabilities that the instruction
from the plaintiff to defer work on PO 1 amounted to a subsequent variation of
the delivery deadline such that it extended beyond 31 January 2012.

50 There are two more arguments put forward by the defendant that I should
address:

(a) The defendant points out that, in contrast to the volume of correspondence
and amount of activity in relation to PO 2, there was no such correspondence
and activity in relation to PO 1.[note: 24] For instance, the plaintiff did
not take any steps towards delivering to the defendant the LS Alternators
which the defendant required to fabricate the Completed Generators.[note: 25]
If the delivery deadline was indeed 31 January 2012, the defendant argues, the
plaintiff would at least have checked on the defendant’s progress and
delivered the LS Alternators which the defendant required to complete the
work. The fact that it did neither, the defendant submits, demonstrates that
the deadline was not 31 January 2012. In my view, this argument was without
merit. The defendant, in effect, was arguing that the plaintiff’s conduct
after 31 May 2011 should be taken into account in ascertaining the parties’
intentions as at that date. This argument presupposes that it was unclear as
at 31 May 2011 what the delivery deadline was. I do not think it was at all
unclear. As I have said, I think it was clear that the parties had agreed on a
delivery deadline of 31 January 2012. That being the agreement as at 31 May
2011, no subsequent silence or inaction on the plaintiff’s part could change
the agreed delivery deadline, unless such silence or inaction itself amounted
to a fresh variation of the delivery deadline, which cannot have been the
case.

(b) The defendant points out that the plaintiff, in its opening statement,
alleged that the defendant’s breach of PO 1 was in the nature of an
“anticipatory breach”[note: 26] rather than a completed breach. This, the
defendant argued, demonstrated the plaintiff’s recognition that it was
untenable to maintain that the delivery deadline was 31 January 2012.[note:
27] I cannot accept this argument. The delivery deadline depends on the
intention of the parties at the time they entered into PO 1. I glean that
intention from an objective consideration of the circumstances and the
parties’ conduct at that time. That intention does not change with the
position that the parties later choose to adopt at trial.

51 Having found that the deadline for delivery of the four Completed
Generators under PO 1 was 31 January 2012, I therefore hold that the defendant
committed a breach of contract by failing to deliver the Completed Generators
to the plaintiff by this date.

Whether the breach entitled the plaintiff to terminate the contract

52 In the absence of an express clause giving the plaintiff the right to
terminate PO 1 on grounds of the defendant’s failure to deliver, the plaintiff
has the right to terminate PO 1 only if the defendant’s breach was one or more
of the following: a renunciation, a breach of condition, or a repudiatory
breach (see [29]–[33] above).

53 In my view, the defendant’s breach was not a renunciation. There was simply
no correspondence before me between the parties in relation to PO 1 after the
e-mail dated 31 May 2011. On the facts of this case, that silence and inaction
does not amount to the defendant conveying an intention not to perform its
contractual obligations at all. I do not rule out the possibility that, on the
facts of another case, silence and inaction may indeed convey intention not to
perform. But in the present case, the mutual intention was that the defendant
would work on PO 1 only after completing work on PO 2. Silence and inaction in
relation to PO 1 while work was still ongoing under PO 2 would have been
completely in keeping with that mutual intention. For this reason, that
silence and inaction could not have been contemplated by the parties as
evincing a new and distinct intention, _viz_ , the defendant’s intention not
to perform its obligations under PO 1.

54 I am also satisfied that this was not a breach of a condition. I find that
the varied delivery deadline was not a condition because of the words “final
date to be advised” in the e-mail dated 31 May 2011. As I have said at [47]
above, these words do not negate a finding that the delivery deadline was end-
January 2012. But they do indicate that the parties at the time did not view
the deadline as a term so important that exceeding it by even a day would
entitle the plaintiff to terminate the contract. Those words suggest a mutual
understanding at the time that there was a more than fanciful possibility of
the parties agreeing to a further delay in delivery at some future time. To
that extent, parties did envisage at the time a degree of flexibility in the
deadline, such flexibility to be achieved by future agreement. For this
reason, the stipulated delivery deadline could not have been of such
importance to the parties at the time as to qualify as a condition of PO 1.

55 I am, however, satisfied that the defendant’s breach was a repudiatory
breach. When considering the question of whether a breach is a repudiatory
breach, the analytical approach comprises two steps. First, identify what
exactly constituted the benefit that the parties intended the innocent party
to derive from the contract. Second, examine the actual consequences of the
breach that occurred at the time that the innocent party terminated the
contract: see _Sports Connection_ at [62].

56 In this case, the benefit intended by the parties under PO 1 was that the
plaintiff should receive delivery of four Completed Generators by 31 January
2012 in order that it might meet its own contractual obligations to its
customer IOEC. The actual consequence of the defendant’s breach was that, as
at 24 April 2012, the date of termination, the plaintiff had received nothing
useful at all under PO 1. The defendant did not even commence fabrication and
installation works. None of the Caterpillar Generators that the defendant
purchased were even committed towards the fulfilment of PO 1. The plaintiff
was no better off on 31 January 2012 or 24 April 2012 than when it entered
into PO 1 an entire year earlier. What the plaintiff expected to receive and
what it had actually received by the time that it terminated the contract
leads me to the conclusion that, as at 24 April 2012, the plaintiff was
deprived of substantially the whole of the benefit which it was intended by
the parties to have obtained under PO 1. Indeed, I might say that it was
deprived of _all_ of the benefit that it was expected to receive under PO 1.
On that basis, I hold that the plaintiff was entitled to terminate the
contract when it did so on 24 April 2012. It follows that the defendant’s
counterclaim for wrongful termination of PO 1 must fail.

Whether plaintiff entitled to recover US$252,000 paid to the defendant

57 Having held that the defendant was in breach of contract, I turn to the
remedies the plaintiff seeks as compensation for the breach. The plaintiff
seeks to recover the sum of US$252,000 which it paid to the defendant pursuant
to the first stage of payment under the Payment Schedule (see [10] above). It
claims this sum of money under Heads of Relief 3 and 4. While not expressly
stated to be so, it must be that these two Heads of Relief are pleaded in the
alternative. Head of Relief 3 claims that this sum is held on trust for the
plaintiff, while Head of Relief 4 claims that the sum is recoverable “being
the deposit paid” under PO 1.

Whether money held on trust

58 I consider first Head of Relief 3. In its closing submissions, the
plaintiff identifies the alleged trust as a “constructive/purpose”
trust.[note: 28] It then relies on the House of Lords decision of _Barclays
Bank Ltd v Quistclose Investments Ltd_ [1970] AC 567 (“ _Quistclose_ ”). From
this it is clear that the plaintiff’s contention is that the US$252,000 was
the subject matter of what is now known as a _Quistclose_ trust. The
classification of the _Quistclose_ trust within the taxonomy of trusts is not
free from controversy. But the judicial consensus at the very least is that
this type of trust arises because of the intention of the parties: see the
speech of Lord Millett in the House of Lords decision of _Twinsectra Ltd v
Yardley and others_ [2002] 2 AC 164 (“ _Twinsectra_ ”) at [69] and the
decision of Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in _Pacific Rim Palm Oil Ltd v PT Asiatic
Persada and others_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 731 (“ _Pacific Rim_ ”) at [16], which was
cited with approval by Lai Siu Chiu J in _Singapore Tourism Board v Children’s
Media Ltd and others_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 981 at [88]. It arises when one party
advances a sum of money to another and the intention of the parties is that:
(a) this money should be applied for a specific purpose only; and (b) the
beneficial interest in the money should remain in the party that advanced the
money unless and until the purpose is fulfilled: see Lord Millett’s speech in
_Twinsectra_ at [100], which was cited with approval by Steven Chong Horng
Siong J in _Tee Yok Kiat and another v Pang Min Seng and another_ [2012] SGHC
85 at [28], and Ang J’s decision in _Pacific Rim_ at [18].

59 The plaintiff then argues that the sum of US$252,000 that it paid to the
defendant is held on a _Quistclose_ trust because it was paid for the specific
purpose of placing a deposit for four Caterpillar Generators under PO 1. I
reject the plaintiff’s argument without hesitation. As Lord Millett said in
_Twinsectra_ at [73], payments in advance for goods or services might be paid
for a particular purpose, but such payments are ordinarily intended to be at
the free disposal of the party receiving them and treated as part of his cash
flow; it is only in an extraordinary case that such payments will create a
trust, for otherwise commercial life would be impossible. The plaintiff has
not satisfied me in the least that the present case is such an extraordinary
one. It has not attempted to show me any evidence at all that it impressed
upon the defendant that the US$252,000 might be applied _only_ towards placing
a deposit for four Caterpillar Generators. In the result, I cannot find that
there was a specific purpose for which the parties intended that this sum of
money would be used, let alone that there was a mutual intention that the
beneficial interest in that money should remain in the plaintiff until then.
Therefore, the plaintiff’s claim for the US$252,000 on the basis of a
_Quistclose_ trust is a non-starter.

60 Although the plaintiff labelled the alleged trust as a “constructive/
purpose” trust at one point in its closing submissions, it did not advance any
substantive submissions in support of a constructive trust. But for the sake
of completeness I record my opinion that a constructive trust argument would
have been as much of a non-starter as the _Quistclose_ trust argument. For the
avoidance of doubt, I am speaking here of an institutional constructive trust
and not a remedial constructive trust: see the Court of Appeal decision of
_Ching Mun Fong (executrix of the estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho
Chit_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 856 at [34]–[35] for an explanation of the difference.
The definition and boundaries of the constructive trust are notoriously
nebulous, perhaps deliberately so. But the broad concept of the constructive
trust is clear – it is a trust arising in equity to satisfy the demands of
justice and good conscience. A necessary – but not a sufficient – condition
for such a trust to arise is that there be some “want of probity”: see the
Court of Appeal decision of _Rajabali Jumabhoy and others v Ameerali R
Jumabhoy and others_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 434 at [107], which was cited with
approval, and expanded upon, by Kan Ting Chiu J in _Comboni Vincenzo and
another v Shankar’s Emporium (Pte) Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 1020 at [56]–[60] and
Woo Bih Li J in _George Raymond Zage III and another v Rasif David and others_
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 479 at [19]–[21]. The plaintiff has not shown me anything on
the evidence that even hints at a want of probity on the defendant’s part.

61 I therefore hold that the plaintiff’s claim under Head of Relief 3 fails
because the US$252,000 is not held on a _Quistclose_ trust, and there is no
reason to impose a constructive trust over that sum of money.

Whether money recoverable in any other way

62 I turn now to the plaintiff’s claim under Head of Relief 4. It is perhaps
unfortunate that this claim was not drafted with greater precision. It simply
asserts that the sum of US$252,000 was recoverable “being the deposit paid”
without more. Be that as it may, in my view, the plaintiff was entitled to
recover this sum of money as damages for the defendant’s breach of contract.
Specifically, it is entitled to recover this sum as reliance damages. These
damages protect the innocent party’s reliance interest or, to put it another
way, compensate it for its reliance loss. By whatever name, this is the
measure of damages which addresses the loss suffered by the innocent party due
to his reliance on the counterparty’s unfulfilled promise to perform his
contractual obligations. It aims to restore the innocent party to the position
he occupied before he entered the contract: see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_
vol 7 (LexisNexis, 2012 Reissue) at para 80.545, and see also the decision of
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in _Tan Chin Seng and others v Raffles Town Club Pte
Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 302 at [27].

63 Where the innocent party pays a sum of money to his counterparty pursuant
to the contract, this sum of money is a form of wasted expenditure in reliance
on the counterparty’s promise. Reliance damages are therefore available to
make good that wasted expenditure: see _Chitty on Contracts_ (H G Beale gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2012) at paras 26-022 and 26-025, and see also
the decision of Philip Pillai JC (as he then was) in _PT Panosonic Gobel
Indonesia v Stratech Systems Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 1017 at [6], as well as a
decision of Hutchison J in the English High Court which Pillai JC cited, _CCC
Films (London) Ltd v Impact Quadrant Films Ltd_ [1985] 1 QB 16 at 32A–D.
Returning to this case, the US$252,000 which the plaintiff paid to the
defendant was a form of wasted expenditure incurred in reliance on the
defendant’s promise to carry out its work under PO 1. I therefore hold that
the plaintiff is entitled to recover that sum as reliance damages to remedy
the defendant’s breach of contract.

64 The plaintiff claimed damages for breach of contract over and above the sum
of US$252,000.[note: 29] This could only be a claim for damages to vindicate
the plaintiff’s expectation interest, _ie_ , to put it in the position it
would have occupied had the contract been performed; such damages would
compensate the plaintiff for loss of the profit expected under PO 1. In my
view, the plaintiff’s claim for expectation-based damages cannot succeed.
Having recovered reliance damages, the plaintiff is now in the position it
would have occupied had the contract not been made. Allowing it to go further
and recover expectation-based damages on top of reliance-based damages would
be to give it the expected profit without its having incurred any (notional)
expenditure. To put it simply, this would be giving the plaintiff something
for nothing, which cannot be right.

65 It was also arguable on the pleaded facts that the plaintiff had a
restitutionary claim to recover the US$252,000 as money paid on a total
failure of consideration. But the plaintiff did not put its claim to me in
this way. And it is unnecessary for me to consider it because I have held that
the plaintiff is entitled to recover this money as reliance damages under
ordinary contractual principles. I note only that “consideration” in this
context must not be confused with consideration in the context of the
essential elements of a binding contract. The test for whether there has been
total failure of consideration is not “whether the promisee has received a
specific benefit”, but rather “whether the promisor has performed any part of
the contractual duties in respect of which the payment is due”: see the speech
of Lord Goff in the House of Lords case of _Stocznia Gdanska SA v Latvian
Shipping Co and others_ [1998] 1 WLR 574 at 588D.

66 I accept that the defendant did do some work under PO 1. At the very least,
it submitted some of the documentation required to trigger its entitlement to
the first stage of payment, including the build and procurement
programmes[note: 30] (whether or not the documentation was satisfactory is
another matter). But at best, this work done would go towards resisting a
claim of total failure of consideration. It does not furnish a basis on which
to resist the plaintiff’s claim for the sum of US$252,000 as reliance damages,
because the defendant’s work does not reduce or mitigate the plaintiff’s loss
in any way, and therefore does not affect the quantum of damages needed to
restore the plaintiff to its pre-contractual position.

67 It may appear unjust that the defendant goes uncompensated for the work,
minimal though it was, that it did under PO 1. But this is because its
counterclaim claimed only damages for what it alleged to be the plaintiff’s
wrongful termination of the contract.[note: 31] That counterclaim fails. I
have held that the defendant is not entitled to such damages because the
plaintiff did not wrongfully terminate the contract. Curiously, the
defendant’s counterclaim did not include an alternative claim for a _quantum
meruit_.

Conclusion on PO 1

68 In summary, I hold that the defendant breached PO 1 when it failed to
deliver to the plaintiff four Completed Generators by 31 January 2012. I hold
that the plaintiff was entitled to terminate the contract on 24 April 2012
because the defendant’s breach deprived it of substantially the whole benefit
which it was intended to receive under PO 1. I hold that the plaintiff is
entitled to recover the US$252,000 paid to the defendant as reliance damages.
I hold that the plaintiff is not entitled to any additional damages for breach
of contract.

69 Even though I do not understand the defendant to have pleaded waiver or
estoppel in relation to PO 1, I should record that I have considered whether
the plaintiff may be said to have waived any of its rights or be estopped from
exercising the same. I am satisfied that this question should be answered in
the negative. I turn now to PO 2.

Issues pertaining to PO 2

Detailed narrative of the facts

70 In my narrative of the factual background above, I provided only a broad
sketch of the parties’ dealings in respect of PO 2. The analysis of the issues
will be easier to follow if there is a firm factual foundation on which the
analysis can proceed. Before I consider the various issues for determination,
therefore, I pause here to flesh out that narrative on PO 2. In the course of
doing so I raise and resolve the disputes of fact between the parties. The
disputes of fact can be distilled to one central question: why did the work
under PO 2 proceed so much slower than the parties had originally intended?
Unsurprisingly, each party takes the position that the other is to blame for
this slow progress.

71 I preface my findings with brief comments on the witnesses who gave
evidence at trial. The principal witness for the defendant was Mr Tanabalan.
His evidence spanned more than three days out of the six full days and two
half-days of trial. I found Mr Tanabalan to be a thoroughly unreliable
witness. He gave oral evidence on material facts which was inconsistent with
or contradicted by contemporaneous documentation, which was contrary to the
inherent probabilities, and which could not be found in the defendant’s
pleadings or in his own affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”). I will
mention some of the unsatisfactory aspects of his evidence in the course of
making my findings.

72 The principal witness for the plaintiff was Mr Stephenson. Although his
evidence was not entirely without difficulty, on the material facts it was
largely consistent with the contemporaneous documents and aligned with the
inherent probabilities. In general, where the oral evidence of the plaintiff’s
witnesses conflicted with that of the defendant’s witnesses and there was no
contemporaneous documentation to test the conflicting evidence against, I
preferred the evidence of the plaintiff’s witnesses.

The parties’ dealings in respect of PO 2

73 To recapitulate, the plaintiff and the defendant both signed PO 2 on 2 June
2011. According to the contract terms, the defendant was to submit nine
documents within 14 days of signing the contract. These documents included
technical plans and work schedules. The plaintiff would then forward these
documents to IOEC, and IOEC would, in accordance with the terms of the
contract between the plaintiff and IOEC, pay the plaintiff a proportion of the
contract price in accordance with an agreed schedule. The plaintiff, in turn,
would be obliged under PO 2 to make payment to the defendant one banking day
after receiving payment from IOEC. This payment from plaintiff to defendant
would be the first stage of payment under the Payment Schedule (see [9]
above), in the amount of US$378,000 being 20% of the contract price of
US$1.89m. As it was, the plaintiff paid this amount to the defendant on the
same day that the parties signed PO 2.

74 Before I go further, I should elaborate on the nature and scope of the
defendant’s work under PO 2. Its ultimate obligation, of course, was to
deliver to the plaintiff six Completed Generators by specified dates. In doing
so, the defendant had to procure Caterpillar Generators and modify them. The
modifications included replacing the factory-installed SR4 Alternators with
heavier-duty LS Alternators. It had to fabricate containers to house these
modified Caterpillar Generators. It had to procure or fabricate other
component systems and parts. These included the electrical system, the
heating, ventilation and air conditioning (“HVAC”) system and the Fire & Gas
system. It had the option of delegating to subcontractors the work on the
component systems and parts. It then had to put everything together into a
final product by installing the modified Caterpillar Generators and the
component systems and parts into the containers. The final product, then, is
what I have referred to as the Completed Generators.

75 In addition to procurement, fabrication and installation work, the work on
PO 2 also involved designing the containers and the various component systems
and parts. The understanding was that personnel from the plaintiff, namely Mr
Oracion and Mr Podador, would assist the defendant in this aspect of the work.
They would work together to prepare these technical designs and drawings for
submission to IOEC for approval. These technical designs and drawings would
consist of, _inter alia_ , the General Arrangement drawing, which sets out the
planned overall layout and dimensions for each Completed Generator, and
drawings for the individual component systems and parts, for instance, the
HVAC and Fire & Gas systems.

76 Having set out this background, I can now deal better with the various
allegations that the parties levelled at each other for the purpose of
demonstrating that the other party was to blame for the slow progress on PO 2.

Approvals granted by the plaintiff or obtained from IOEC

77 The defendant alleges that plaintiff was guilty of considerable delays in
obtaining IOEC approval for the various technical designs and drawings.[note:
32] The defendant further alleges that the plaintiff approved the HVAC and
Fire & Gas system specifications, as well as the installation of protection
relays, late – at the end of September 2011 – when these specifications and
plans had been submitted months earlier in June 2011.[note: 33] In October
2011, says the defendant, the plaintiff asked for even more changes to the
HVAC and Fire & Gas systems.[note: 34] The defendant alleges that all this
resulted in delays to its work.

78 I have difficulty believing the defendant’s allegations. In its closing
submissions, it did not cite a single piece of supporting evidence, whether in
its witnesses’ AEICs or in the contemporaneous documents. The defendant
asserted these facts. The defendant therefore had the burden of proving these
facts. It wholly failed to discharge its burden. Indeed, in making these
allegations, the defendant’s case was internally inconsistent on at least one
point. In its closing submissions, it said that the plaintiff “approved the
design and dimension” of the Fire & Gas system in July 2011.[note: 35] But the
defendant also said that it “had in fact submitted to the [plaintiff] the
specifications for the Fire & Gas system sometime in June 2011 and had to wait
well over two months to obtain the approval”.[note: 36] As for the allegation
that the plaintiff was guilty of delay in obtaining approvals from IOEC, I am
satisfied that, even if these approvals took longer to obtain than they
should, the plaintiff is not to blame for the delays. I have regard, for
instance, to e-mails in which the plaintiff, upon receiving plans and drawings
from the defendant or the defendant’s subcontractors, indicated that it would
forward these plans and drawings to IOEC immediately.[note: 37] I am therefore
satisfied that the plaintiff was generally prompt in seeking IOEC approval.

79 To be fair, the defendant has identified an e-mail which suggests that the
plaintiff was at least on one occasion dilatory in its conduct. This is an
e-mail dated 17 October 2011 from one Mohan Vijayanaman (“Mr Mohan”) of
Systemair (SEA) Pte Ltd (“Systemair”) and addressed to Mr Oracion.[note: 38]
Systemair was the company to which the defendant subcontracted work on the
HVAC system.[note: 39] In the e-mail, Mr Mohan complained that he had received
neither “advice nor confirmation” from the plaintiff since submitting amended
drawings for the HVAC system. I accept that the plaintiff might have been
slower than it should have been on this occasion, but I am not satisfied that
it caused any delay, let alone significant or causative delay, to the
defendant.

Alleged changes to technical specifications and scope of work

80 The defendant alleges that, as its work under PO 2 progressed, the
plaintiff made a number of changes to the technical specifications and the
scope of work which had been agreed upon when the parties entered into the
contract. As a result, the defendant alleges, it had to amend and re-submit
technical plans and drawings so as to bring them into conformity with the new
specifications, and to procure new materials and incur the cost thereof in
order to meet the new specifications.

81 What then are these changes to the specifications which the plaintiff is
alleged to have made? There are a number of them, but the defendant places
greatest emphasis on the change from SR4 Alternators to LS Alternators. I
address this first. According to the defendant, LS Alternators are larger and
heavier than SR4 Alternators. The change from the latter to the former
necessitated an increase in the dimensions of the containers housing the
generators as well as a strengthening of the skid tank which forms the base of
the containers. This meant that the defendant had to re-submit technical
drawings of the containers and purchase additional materials towards
increasing the size of the containers.[note: 40] In his AEIC, Mr Tanabalan
said that the dimensions of the container as originally envisaged were 20 feet
long and 8 feet wide and high.[note: 41] This had to be changed to 20 feet
long and 10 feet wide and high.

82 I accept that LS Alternators are larger and heavier than SR4 Alternators
and consequently require larger containers. And it is true that the purchase
orders mention SR4 Alternators but not LS Alternators. But I am satisfied
that, even before it signed PO 2 on 2 June 2011, the defendant knew that it
would need to replace the factory-installed SR4 Alternators with LS
Alternators. In an e-mail dated 29 Apr 2011,[note: 42] Mr Law asked Mr
Tanabalan if the Caterpillar Generators could be supplied with LS Alternators
in respect of PO 1 (the specifications for PO 1 were the same as those for PO
2, as Mr Tanabalan acknowledged[note: 43]). In e-mails dated 15, 16, 17 and 18
May 2011,[note: 44] Mr Tanabalan enquired about the dimensions of LS
Alternators. He accepted under cross-examination that this was so that the
defendant could prepare the General Arrangement drawing.[note: 45] Mr
Tanabalan himself said in cross-examination that the plaintiff first informed
him of the use of LS Alternators around the “end of May”.[note: 46] And so I
find that the change from SR4 Alternators to LS Alternators was one agreed
upon prior to the parties’ signing of PO 2 and that it was not an unexpected
alteration sprung by the plaintiff in the course of the defendant’s work.

83 It follows from this that when the parties entered into PO 2, the defendant
already knew that the container dimensions would have to be such as to
accommodate the larger and heavier LS Alternators. Indeed, an e-mail from Mr
Tanabalan to Mr Oracion dated 24 May 2011[note: 47] clearly shows that, as at
that date, the defendant had in mind a container of 20 feet long, 10 feet wide
and 9 feet high, as opposed to the smaller dimensions that the defendant says
would have been right for the original SR4 Alternators. Under cross-
examination, Mr Tanabalan acknowledged that the dimensions as at 24 May 2011
already took into account the fact that LS Alternators would be used in lieu
of SR4 Alternators.[note: 48] I am satisfied that the container dimensions
were then approved by IOEC on 7 June 2011, based on an e-mail of that date
from Mr Law to Mr Tanabalan.[note: 49] I am also satisfied that there were no
further changes to the dimensions. The defendant in its closing submissions
accepted that the “new dimensions” had been approved on 7 June 2011, and for
this reason I disbelieve entirely Mr Tanabalan’s assertion in cross-
examination that the container dimensions were finalised only in mid-August
2011.[note: 50] I therefore reject unreservedly the defendant’s allegation
that the plaintiff made changes to the alternators and container dimensions
which had not been agreed upon when the parties entered into PO 2.

84 The defendant then alleges that the plaintiff made a number of other
changes to the specifications and scope of work which likewise resulted in
delays to the defendant’s work. In his AEIC, Mr Tanabalan details these
alleged changes[note: 51]:

(a) modification of the Fire & Gas system by providing an advanced scope of
supply instead of a standard scope of supply;

(b) installation of a protection relay to the generator control panel in order
to allow the generators to be operated from an unmanned platform;

(c) installation of a twin motor HVAC system instead of a single motor HVAC
system; and

(d) installation of a three-cylinder six-start hydraulic system instead of a
secondary single cylinder hydraulic start system in the engines.

I am wholly unconvinced that there is any substance in these allegations. By
this I mean that, while I am willing to believe that these tasks described by
Mr Tanabalan were part of the work that the defendant did, I do not accept
that the tasks arose out of _unanticipated_ changes to the specifications that
had been agreed upon when parties entered into PO 2. Mr Tanabalan’s AEIC makes
reference to a number of e-mails which he claims supports his allegation that
the specifications were changed. I fail to see how these e-mails on any
reading provide any measure of support for his allegation. On the contrary,
the sense I get from the e-mails is that the plaintiff was fairly fastidious
about complying with the contractual specifications. In an e-mail dated 5
August 2011[note: 52] from Mr Oracion to one Mr Nithin KB of Crystal Offshore
Systems & Controls Pte Ltd, with whom Mr Oracion was liaising regarding the
Fire & Gas system, Mr Oracion wrote, “This proposal is OK already as _this is
what the specs calls for_ ” [emphasis added]. In an e-mail dated 11 August
2011[note: 53] to Mr Mohan of Systemair, Mr Oracion asked, “how come a three
winding motor _as per your submitted drawing_ become single phase?” [emphasis
added]. And in an e-mail dated 30 November 2011,[note: 54] Mr Oracion wrote
that the differential pressure transmitters purchased by the defendant were
not acceptable because they did not comply with specification “6.3 page 19 of
61”, the text of which Mr Oracion reproduced.

85 Under cross-examination, Mr Tanabalan asserted that evidence of the alleged
changes might be found in the purchase orders and in the various e-mail
exchanges.[note: 55] But he was unable to point to specific examples of such
evidence. That leads me to believe that the evidence does not exist. Mr
Selvakumar, likewise, was unable to put forward evidence of changes to the
specifications besides his bare assertions. Under cross-examination, he
accepted that, if he wished to say that there were specifications that had
subsequently been changed, he ought to show what the specifications are and
what the changes were.[note: 56] But he did not do so.[note: 57] Mr Selvakumar
eventually fell back on the allegation that the container dimensions were
changed,[note: 58] an allegation which I have already given my reasons for
rejecting. Given all this, I find that the plaintiff did not make changes to
the specifications and scope of work which were outside the parties’
contemplation when they entered into PO 2.

The defendant’s obligation to submit documentation

86 I find that the plaintiff has made out its allegation that the defendant
failed to meet its obligation to submit the nine documents required within 14
days of signing PO 2, as alluded to above at [73]. I further find that, even
after the expiry of the 14-day period, the defendant was slow to submit those
documents. Having regard to the contemporaneous e-mail correspondence, I find
that two of the documents, _viz_ , the procurement programme and build
schedule (which the defendant appears to have amalgamated into a single
document called the build schedule and procurement plan (“BSPP”)), were
submitted on 7 June 2011 but were rejected by the plaintiff on 21 June 2011
for being unrealistic and for lacking detail.[note: 59] The BSPP was later re-
submitted on 14 September 2011.[note: 60] The e-mails show that, as at 27 July
2011, four of the nine documents had not yet been submitted;[note: 61] and as
late as 22 October 2011, there were still documents that had not been
submitted.[note: 62] The defendant’s only argument in response is this:
because its entitlement to the first stage of payment from the plaintiff
depended on its submitting the nine documents required, the fact that the
plaintiff made the first stage of payment is proof that it did submit those
nine documents within 14 days of signing PO 2. I do not find this convincing
in the slightest.

The defendant’s progress on the work

87 I find also that the defendant’s progress on its work was far slower than
it should have been and did not even meet the timelines that the defendant had
set for itself. The defendant’s timelines are reflected in the BSPP which it
prepared; according to this document, an unidentified number of Completed
Generators would be ready for their Factory Acceptance Test (“FAT”,
alternatively referred to as the “Final Acceptance Test”) by 31 October 2011.
As it turned out, the defendant missed its own timelines by a significant
margin.

88 A specific example of the defendant’s dilatory conduct is its fabrication
of two containers for the First and Second Units. In an e-mail dated 13 June
2011, Mr Tanabalan informed Mr Law that the materials required for fabrication
of two containers would arrive by 16 June 2011.[note: 63] But the defendant
did not commence fabrication of the containers until more than a month later –
an e-mail from Mr Tanabalan dated 27 July 2011 reported that the defendant had
“started fabrication” of the container.[note: 64] Mr Tanabalan explained under
cross-examination that fabrication had in fact started in the third week of
June, and that “started” was a typographical error that should have read “in
process”[note: 65]. That explanation seems to me inherently improbable and I
reject it without hesitation. Mr Tanabalan’s explanation is also contradicted
by the defendant’s BSPP, which states that fabrication of the container
started on 2 August 2011.[note: 66] Mr Selvakumar acknowledged that, according
to the procurement plan which he prepared for PO 1 and which was sent to the
plaintiff before 4 April 2011, it would take 37 days to fabricate four
containers.[note: 67] Assuming that the computation of these 37 days starts
from the time of arrival of the materials needed to fabricate the containers,
and even allowing 37 days for two containers on the assumption that Mr
Selvakumar’s estimate was on the optimistic side, the containers would have
been fabricated before the end of July 2011 had fabrication works started some
days after the arrival of the materials on 16 June 2011.

89 Mr Podador’s evidence was that he prepared bi-weekly progress on the basis
of personal visits to the defendant’s workshop, and his reports likewise show
that the defendant’s work proceeded slowly. For instance, the progress report
for the fortnights ending 15 July, 31 July and 29 September 2011[note: 68]
reflected progress rates of 33, 35 and 37.5% respectively, indicating that, in
the two months between 31 July and 29 September 2011, the progress rate had
increased by just 2.5%. His evidence was not seriously challenged in cross-
examination, and so I take his reports as fairly accurate accounts of the
defendant’s progress – that is, as accurate as it can be to measure
quantitatively a complex, multi-faceted variable such as work progress. Faced
with an e-mail dated 2 December 2011[note: 69] in which Mr Law informed Mr
Tanabalan that “Mr Stephenson and Mr Oracion had stated that there is a big
improvement on activity in the workshop”, Mr Podador acknowledged that there
had indeed been a “big improvement in the activity” in the defendant’s
workshop in December 2011.[note: 70] But that is not saying much; given the
slow rate of progress prior to that, an improvement, even a “big improvement”,
might not mean a lot.

90 When Mr Podador resumed his bi-weekly progress reports in January 2012, the
progress rates for the fortnights ending 31 January and 10 February 2012 were
46% and 47% respectively.[note: 71] This suggests that work was once more
proceeding slowly. An e-mail from Mr Stephenson to Mr Tanabalan dated 10 April
2012[note: 72] conveys Mr Podador’s and Mr Oracion’s views that “no activity”
was occurring on the Third and Fourth Units, and Mr Podador’s final report
dated 20 April 2012, days before the plaintiff terminated both PO 1 and PO 2,
states that “only [a] few things [have] been done” in the approximately two
months that elapsed since his last progress report.[note: 73] It should be
noted that, from the inception of PO 2 to 20 April 2012, no work at all had
been done on the Fifth and Sixth Units.

91 In light of all this evidence, I find that the causative factor for the
slow progress of the work on PO 2 was simply that the defendant did not work
as quickly as it could have, should have, or promised to do. I find that the
defendant over-committed itself to projects the cumulative demands of which
were too much for its limited manpower, its limited financial resources and
its limited capacity to supervise.

The defendant’s procurement of materials for the work

92 I am satisfied that, as the plaintiff alleges, the defendant was slow to
procure the materials needed for its work. The minutes of a meeting between Mr
Stephenson, Mr Law and Mr Tanabalan on 31 October 2011[note: 74] show that, as
at that date, the defendant had not yet furnished purchase orders in respect
of many items – cable ducting, panel wiring and potentiometers, to name just a
few. The three of them met again on 21 November 2011.[note: 75] The minutes of
that meeting reveal that many items had not yet been delivered to the
defendant, despite Mr Tanabalan having assured Mr Stephenson and Mr Law at the
previous meeting that orders had already been placed over the phone for some
of these items. And at least in respect of the battery chargers, the defendant
even falsely represented to the plaintiff that it had purchased them when it
had not in fact done so. In a work progress report expressed as being correct
as at 27 June 2011, the defendant represented that the battery chargers would
be arriving in the second week of August 2011.[note: 76] However, in the
minutes of the meeting of 31 October 2011, Mr Tanabalan was recorded as
promising that the battery chargers would be delivered by 5 November 2011. And
even that promise was not kept. In the minutes of the meeting between the same
three persons on 21 November 2011, Mr Tanabalan was recorded as saying that
the “battery charger was expected today”.

93 I am also satisfied that the defendant’s lack of speed in procuring
materials was exacerbated by its occasional procuring of materials that did
not meet the specifications and which had to be purchased afresh. Mr Oracion
gave evidence to that effect in his AEIC. I accept the veracity of his
evidence, which went unchallenged in cross-examination. One particular example
cited by Mr Oracion was that the defendant procured differential pressure
transmitters which were for “clean room application” rather than for use in
hazardous areas as required by the specifications.[note: 77]

The defendant’s financial difficulties

94 I find that the defendant was facing financial difficulties as it worked on
PO 2. This may be seen from Mr Tanabalan’s acknowledgment that the defendant
utilised the US$252,000 paid under PO 1 to purchase Caterpillar Generators for
PO 2 instead.[note: 78] Moreover, in early April 2012, Mr Tanabalan indicated
that the defendant required an advance payment of US$50,000.[note: 79] Later
in the month he reiterated these requests and explained that this payment was
“urgently” required “to complete the job”.[note: 80] I find further that the
defendant’s financial difficulties led to delays in procuring materials needed
for its work. Under cross-examination, Mr Tanabalan said that the slow
progress of the work under PO 2 was caused by what he called a “cost
effect”.[note: 81] And in an e-mail dated 5 April 2012, Mr Tanabalan informed
the plaintiff that the defendant’s procurement of protection relays had been
delayed because it had only managed to make full payment in March despite
having placed an order in February.[note: 82]

95 Not surprisingly, the defendant’s position is that the plaintiff was at
fault for its financial difficulties for two reasons. I reject both reasons,
as I explain below:

(a) First, the defendant argues that it had to incur additional costs because
the plaintiff made unanticipated changes to the technical specifications and
requirements. I am not satisfied that this was the case. As I have said at
[80]–[85] above, I am not persuaded that the plaintiff did make such changes.
I should mention that Mr Tanabalan’s AEIC refers to an e-mail of 8 June
2011[note: 83] to make his point that costs increased as a result of changed
specifications. But I fail to see how that e-mail furnishes any support for
his allegation. It is no more than an e-mail informing the plaintiff that the
surveyor was charging $5,000 per container for inspection and certification,
and does not show that it was an extra cost arising from changes made by the
plaintiff. Mr Tanabalan’s AEIC also attached a number of invoices[note: 84]
intended to show that the defendant had to purchase additional materials for a
container with increased dimensions. But these invoices merely show that
materials were purchased. They do not show that such purchases were
necessitated by the plaintiff’s changes. And I do not accept that that was the
case.

(b) Second, the defendant argues that the plaintiff was late in making
payments to the defendant as they fell due under the Payment Schedule. For
reasons which I give below at [136], it has not been established that the
plaintiff did not make these payments any later than it was obliged to.

Therefore, I find that the plaintiff was not to blame for the defendant’s
financial difficulties. If any party is to be blamed for those difficulties,
it is the defendant itself, for over-committing itself and stretching its
resources too thin over its various projects.

The defendant’s workmanship

96 Leaving aside the speed of the defendant’s work under PO 2 and focussing
instead on its quality, I find that the defendant’s workmanship left much to
be desired. In late-October 2011, IOEC rejected the defendant’s unit control
panels because they had “not been built within approved specifications” and
because of their “poor build workmanship and poor painting quality”.[note: 85]
Furthermore, mechanical and electrical punch lists dated 14 January 2012[note:
86] revealed that the work on the First and Second Units was incomplete or
unsatisfactory in a number of respects. Mr Tanabalan said under cross-
examination that the punch list was not an updated one, and that the defendant
had in fact completed or rectified all the items on the punch list save for
“minor things”[note: 87] and/or items “not related to the function test of the
generator set”.[note: 88] He said that there was a document that would
demonstrate the truth of his assertions,[note: 89] but no such document has
since been brought to my attention. That leads me to conclude that it does not
exist. Left only with Mr Tanabalan’s bare assertions, I am unable to accept
them. I find that the punch lists of 14 January 2012 accurately reflect the
deficiencies in the defendant’s workmanship in respect of the First and Second
Units.

Summary of my findings of fact

97 In summary, I find that the slow progress of the work under PO 2 was caused
by the defendant. It was slow to meet its obligation to submit certain
contractually-required documents. It did not procure materials and carry out
fabrication and installation works in a timely manner, due in part to its
financial difficulties. It has not made out its allegations against the
plaintiff: that the plaintiff was guilty of undue delay in obtaining from IOEC
the necessary approvals, and that the plaintiff made post-contractual changes
to the technical specifications and scope of work. I find, for good measure,
that the defendant’s workmanship was less than satisfactory in many material
respects.

Whether the defendant committed breach of contract

98 The breach of contract which the defendant is alleged to have committed is
simply that it did not meet the contractual deadlines for the delivery of all
six Completed Generators under PO 2. At the inception of PO 2, the delivery
deadlines agreed upon were I November 2012 for four Completed Generators and 1
January 2012 for the remaining two. Subsequently, there were three occasions
on which the plaintiff represented to the defendant that the delivery
deadlines were extended. The cumulative effect of these extensions was that
the plaintiff represented that two of the Completed Generators could be
delivered by 26 November 2011, while the remaining four could be delivered by
1 January 2012 (see [17] above). However, I find that these representations
did not give rise to variations of PO 2.

99 For there to have been a variation, the defendant would have had to furnish
consideration for the plaintiff’s extension of the deadline. I cannot see what
consideration the defendant furnished, however easy it might generally be in a
commercial transaction to locate some practical benefit sufficient to
constitute the essential element of consideration. The representations may
well give rise to waiver or estoppel, but no more than that. In my view,
therefore, the delivery deadlines remained as originally agreed, _viz_ , four
Completed Generators by 1 November 2011 and the remaining two by 1 January
2012. And so, simply by comparing these deadlines with the fact that the First
and Second Units were delivered on 16 January 2012, as well as the fact that
none of the other four Completed Generators had been delivered as at 24 April
2012, it would seem clear enough that the defendant had breached the terms of
PO 2 as to time of delivery.

100 The defendant of course objects to this. Broadly speaking, the defendant
advances three arguments as follows:

(a) First, the defendant argues that it was an implied term of PO 2 that
delivery of the Completed Generators was possible only a reasonable time (two
to three months, according to the defendant[note: 90]) after the plaintiff had
delivered to the defendant the LS Alternators which the defendant required to
fabricate the Completed Generators.[note: 91] Taking the times at which the
plaintiff made delivery of the various LS Alternators as the starting point,
the First and Second Units were completed within that reasonable time
thereafter; reasonable time had not yet run out in respect of the Third and
Fourth Units when the plaintiff terminated PO 2 on 24 April 2012; and
reasonable time had not even begun in respect of the Fifth and Sixth Units
because the plaintiff had yet to supply the defendant with LS Alternators when
it terminated PO 2.

(b) Second, the defendant argues that there was an understanding between the
parties that the original delivery deadlines would no longer apply because the
plaintiff was at fault for the slow progress of the work under PO 2. The
plaintiff was at fault, argues the defendant, because it made a number of
changes to the technical specifications and the scope of work that had
originally been agreed upon, and because it delayed payment that it ought to
have made to the defendant in accordance with the Payment Schedule.

(c) Third, the defendant argues that the plaintiff’s conduct after the expiry
of the delivery deadline of 1 November 2011 meant that the delivery deadlines
stipulated under PO 2 no longer applied.[note: 92] The plaintiff’s conduct in
this regard consisted of, _inter alia_ , encouraging the defendant on 25
November 2011 to “push the extra mile” in its work on the First and Second
Units,[note: 93] and thereafter accepting delivery of the First and Second
Units without protest.[note: 94]

101 I consider now the defendant’s first argument. The plaintiff’s position in
its pleadings is that it agreed to supply the defendant with LS
Alternators.[note: 95] To that extent, the time at which the defendant
received the LS Alternators was beyond its control. For this reason, I can see
some force in the contention that the defendant should be allowed a reasonable
amount of time after receiving the LS Alternators in which to complete the
fabrication and installation works. Hence I am willing to accept for purposes
of argument that parties contemplated an implied term in PO 2 providing that
the delivery deadline would be no earlier than a reasonable time after the
plaintiff delivered the LS Alternators to the defendant. However, I am unable
to accept the defendant’s assertion that this reasonable time would be two to
three months. It has shown me no evidence in support this assertion. At no
point when the work on PO 2 was ongoing did the defendant take the position
that it would need two to three months after receiving the LS Alternators to
deliver the Completed Generators. On the contrary, in the defendant’s BSPP
(see [86] above), the expected date of arrival of two LS Alternators was
stated to be 15 October 2011, while the expected date on which the Completed
Generators would be ready for the FAT was stated to be 31 October 2011. This
is contemporaneous evidence which shows that the defendant itself accepted
that the Completed Generators would be ready for delivery in under three weeks
from receipt of the LS Alternators.

102 Further, it appears that the defendant in fact completed installation
works within two weeks of receiving the LS Alternators. In an e-mail dated 30
November 2011,[note: 96] Mr Tanabalan said that “all jobs pertaining to
installation [in respect of the First and Second Units] were completed” on 12
November 2011. The defendant then argues that even after completion of
installation works, much work remained to be done before the Completed
Generators could be delivered to the plaintiff,[note: 97] including subjecting
the Completed Generators to technical tests. I take it that this is what Mr
Tanabalan meant when he testified under cross-examination that installation is
“totally a different thing” from the FAT.[note: 98] Even accepting this,
however, the fact remains that the defendant’s own BSPP states that the
Completed Generators would be ready for the FAT 16 days after the arrival of
the LS Alternators.

103 Finally, the defendant argues that it would require time to carry out
rectification works should the results of the FAT and other tests be
unsatisfactory.[note: 99] But given that it was the defendant’s obligation to
ensure that the Completed Generators were of satisfactory quality by the time
of the FAT, the defendant cannot rely on its own shortcomings in this regard
to argue that it should be given more time. Ultimately, it is the defendant’s
burden to prove that a reasonable time between receipt of the LS Alternators
and delivery of the Completed Generators would be two to three months. I find
that it has wholly failed to do so. In my view, reasonable time would not be
any more than a month, and even that would be fairly generous to the
defendant.

104 It is true that the plaintiff delivered the LS Alternators for the First
and Second Units on 31 October 2011. And I accept that the defendant could not
realistically be expected to deliver the First and Second Units by the
following day. But I am satisfied that, even if the plaintiff had delivered
the LS Alternators much earlier, the defendant could not have met its
contractual deadlines anyway. In other words, the plaintiff’s delivering the
LS Alternators on 31 October 2011 did not in any way cause the defendant’s
failure to meet the delivery deadlines. I am also satisfied that the reason
the plaintiff did not deliver the LS Alternators earlier was that it saw no
reason to do so earlier while the defendant’s progress on the work was so very
much behind schedule. And so, even accepting that there was an implied term
granting the defendant reasonable time after receipt of the LS Alternators in
which to deliver the Completed Generators, the defendant would be in breach of
the delivery deadlines all the same. The defendant’s first argument therefore
fails.

105 I move on to the defendant’s second argument, which is that it was the
plaintiff who caused slow progress on PO 2. As I have said at [80]–[85] above,
the defendant has not satisfied me that the plaintiff made changes to the
specifications and scope of work as agreed upon by the parties when they
entered into PO 1. There is therefore no factual basis in this regard on which
to find an understanding between the parties that the delivery deadlines would
no longer apply. As for the defendant’s allegation that the plaintiff was late
in making payment according to the Payment Schedule, even if the allegation is
true and the plaintiff is thereby in breach of contract, it does not
necessarily follow that the defendant was not itself in breach of contract.
After all, it is entirely possible for both plaintiff and defendant to be in
breach of contract. The defendant must go further and show that the
plaintiff’s conduct was such that the delivery deadlines were changed or
otherwise no longer applied, _ie_ , it must satisfy me that the plaintiff’s
conduct was such as to give rise to an implied variation of the delivery
deadline. If the defendant fails to do so, then howsoever egregious the
plaintiff’s conduct might have been, the defendant will be found to have been
in breach of the delivery deadlines nonetheless, and its recourse against the
plaintiff would be confined to counterclaims in respect of the plaintiff’s own
breaches of contract. And so, even assuming that the plaintiff did not make
payment to the defendant in a timely manner, I do not see how that would
amount to an implied variation of the delivery deadlines. The defendant’s
second argument therefore fails.

106 Finally, I come to the defendant’s third argument. As far as I could tell,
the argument was this: the plaintiff’s conduct, as well as a number of other
circumstances (which I need not specify), indicated that time was not of the
essence in PO 2, and therefore the delivery deadlines agreed upon at the
inception of PO 2 no longer applied. This is a _non sequitur_. As I have said
above at [43], the phrase “time is not of the essence” is capable of many
meanings. The only meaning which would assist the defendant in relation to the
issue of whether it committed a breach of contract would be that a variation
of the delivery deadlines had been agreed. The plaintiff’s conduct and all the
circumstances, in my view, did not give rise to any such variation, however
much this might have indicated that “time was not of the essence” within some
other meaning of that phrase. The defendant’s third argument therefore fails.

107 For completeness, I should address the decision of Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he
then was) in _National Skin Centre (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Eutech Cybernetics
Pte Ltd_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 801 (“ _Eutech_ ”). The defendant cited a passage
from that case in support of its third argument. In _Eutech_ , the defendant
(“Eutech”) contracted to provide the plaintiff (“NSC”) with a computer system
with customised software. The commissioning of the system was to be carried
out by 31 August 1999. Eutech failed to do so by that date. Despite that, the
parties continued to negotiate and work together with a view to commissioning
the system at some later time. Eventually, NSC gave Eutech an ultimatum:
commission the system by 11 May 2000. When Eutech repeatedly proposed
schedules under all of which commissioning would take place by 28 July 2000,
NSC terminated the contract. I need not set out the parties’ arguments and the
outcome in that case because it is not relevant for present purposes. Rather,
I wish to deal with the passage from _Eutech_ at [60] which the defendant in
the present case quoted:

Applying the law to the present case, when NSC elected not to terminate the
contract after Eutech was in breach by its failure to commission the system on
31 August 1999, but chose to continue with it, time was set at large and was
no longer a condition.

Relying on this passage, the defendant argues that “no time [was] fixed for
delivery of the [Completed] Generators”, and the defendant’s obligation was
simply to deliver within a reasonable time.[note: 100] But I fail to see what
support the defendant may possibly derive from that passage. One supposes that
the defendant relies on the words “time was set at large”. I do not express
any view on what Lee JC meant by that, but I am certain that he did not mean
that the deadline for commissioning the system in that case no longer applied.
He could not have meant this, because it is clear from the passage itself that
Lee JC thought that Eutech had committed a breach of contract notwithstanding
NSC’s subsequently choosing to continue the contract.

108 Since I consider that the defendant’s objections have no merit, I hold
that the defendant was in breach of PO 2 because of its failure to deliver the
First and Second Units by 1 November 2011, not to mention its failure to
deliver anything else at all.

Whether the breach entitled the plaintiff to terminate the contract

109 I find that the defendant did not renounce PO 2. Its progress on the work
was doubtless slow and in breach of contract. In March and April 2012 it did
not respond to the plaintiff’s repeated requests that it choose a completion
date and commit to it. The plaintiff places particular significance on an
e-mail dated 4 April 2012[note: 101] in which Mr Stephenson told Mr Tanabalan,
“** _We require a conclusive and final test date from Engen Pte Ltd_** ”
[emphasis in original], and the defendant’s failure to reply to it. But in my
opinion this failure does not amount to the defendant renouncing its
contractual obligations. The defendant might not have been willing to commit
itself to deadlines, but I find that it remained ready to perform its
contractual obligations and continued to do so, albeit at its own glacial
pace.

110 In their submissions, the parties unsurprisingly advanced arguments on the
question of whether the delivery deadlines were a condition of the contract.
However, I do not intend to decide this question. I do not need to, because I
am of the view, as I shall shortly explain, that the defendant’s breach was a
repudiatory breach and that the plaintiff was entitled to terminate PO 2 on
that basis. And in any event, even if the deadlines were a condition of the
contract, the plaintiff’s conduct subsequent to the lapse of the deadlines
probably amounted to a waiver by election of its right to terminate on the
basis of breach of a condition.

111 And so I turn to the question of whether the defendant’s breach was a
repudiatory breach. I answer the question in the affirmative. The benefit
which the parties intended the plaintiff to receive under PO 2 was delivery of
four Completed Generators by 1 November 2011 and a further two by 1 January
2012, in order that it might meet its own contractual obligations to its
customer IOEC. As at 24 April 2012, when the plaintiff terminated the
contract, the actual consequence of the defendant’s breach was this: the
defendant delivered two and a half months late two Completed Generators, the
quality of which was less than satisfactory in material respects; the
defendant failed wholly to deliver two other Completed Generators, the Third
and Fourth Units even though almost six months had elapsed since the deadline
expired. This was a substantial amount of time considering that the defendant
had agreed to deliver five months after the date on which PO 2 was signed; and
the defendant _had not even begun_ work on the Fifth and Sixth Units even
though they had exceeded the deadline for _delivery_ by almost four months.
The gap between what the defendant promised and what the defendant delivered
was immense. For that reason I would hold – looking at the facts alone – that
the plaintiff was deprived of substantially the whole benefit which it
expected to receive from PO 2.

112 I should mention that the defendant sought to persuade me that the Third
and Fourth Units had in fact been completed and were ready for shipment when
the plaintiff terminated the contract. To make good this submission, the
defendant relied on what was said to be expert evidence given by K Ragupathy
(“Mr Ragupathy”) and E Naresh Kumar (“Mr Kumar”), both inspection engineers
with M/s Cutech Quality Solutions Pte Ltd since 2011. They each submitted
their own inspection report in which they concluded that in their “expert”
opinion, the Third and Fourth Units were “ready for shipment”.

113 I reject their evidence as being wholly unsatisfactory. The inspections
which they performed were perfunctory and their reports were not worth the
weight of the paper they were written on. Mr Ragupathy acknowledged under
cross-examination that he only looked at the contractual document PO 2 and did
not even see the specifications.[note: 102] His inspection was no more than a
“visual inspection” and “inventory check”.[note: 103] He later conceded that
“ready for shipment” required more than just a satisfactory visual inspection,
and that he had not conducted any tests of the Third and Fourth Units.[note:
104] For example, when he said that the carbon dioxide equipment and the
pressure relief damper were “in order”, he meant only that the equipment was
physically there and not that it was in working order.[note: 105] Mr Kumar
likewise did not see the specifications[note: 106] and conducted only visual
inspections on the Third and Fourth Units.[note: 107] He acknowledged that a
judgment as to workmanship had to include the question of whether the
generators were working or not and that this could only be ascertained by
conducting tests, which he did not do.[note: 108] He admitted in effect that
he could not accurately say that the overall workmanship was satisfactory and
that it met the plaintiff’s and IOEC’s requirements.[note: 109] Hence I found
that the Third and Fourth Units were not at all “ready for shipment” as at 24
April 2012. And given this finding, I was not moved from my view that the
plaintiff had been deprived of substantially the whole benefit which it was
intended to have received under PO 2.

114 But the defendant cites three English cases in support of its contention
that its breach was not a repudiatory breach. I must deal with two of these
cases, namely the decision of Judge Richard Seymour QC, sitting in the English
Technology and Construction Court, in _Astea (UK) Ltd v Time Group Ltd_ [2007]
Lloyd’s Rep PN 21 (“ _Astea_ ”) and the decision of the English Court of
Appeal in _Shawton Engineering Ltd v DGP International Ltd and another_ [2006]
Build LR 1 (“ _Shawton_ ”). I need not deal with the third case, the decision
of the English Court of Appeal in _Peregrine Systems Ltd v Steria Ltd_ [2005]
EWCA Civ 239, because it merely approves of a portion of _Astea_ which the
defendant does not rely on. What the defendant does rely on in _Astea_ is the
following passage at [151]:

The application of the test of repudiation formulated by Diplock LJ in
_Hongkong Fir Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd_ is most
straightforward in a case in which no performance at all of the obligations of
one of the contracting parties has taken place and there is a straightforward
refusal of performance. In any case in which there has been any degree of
performance before the alleged repudiation the application of the test
requires a qualitative judgment of whether failure to perform the remainder of
the obligations of the relevant party will deprive the other party of
substantially the whole benefit of the contract judged against the commercial
purpose of the contract. It is likely to be necessary to consider not only
what has been done, but also the value of that to the other party if nothing
else is done. However, a flat refusal to continue performance will probably
amount to a repudiation however much work has been done. _On the other hand,
if considerable work has been done in performance of a party’s contractual
obligations and what is alleged to amount to a repudiation is not a flat
refusal to perform, but an indication of an intention to continue to perform
at a speed considered by the other party to be unreasonably slow, it may be
very difficult to conclude that in those circumstances what is being offered
will deprive the other party of substantially the whole benefit of the
contract._ On the contrary, it may appear that the innocent party will
eventually gain exactly the benefit contemplated. The question will be
whether, by reason of the time which will need to elapse before that happens,
in commercial terms the party entitled to performance will be deprived of
substantially the whole of the benefit which it was intended he should derive
from the contract. [emphasis added]

As for _Shawton_ , the defendant relies on the following passage therein at
[32]:

... In the present case, there were originally fixed dates for completion, but
it is correctly agreed that variations had rendered those dates inoperable.
Instead, the obligation was to complete within a reasonable time. That
obligation did not depend on Shawton giving any notice. But such an obligation
was not a condition such that breach of it would automatically entitle Shawton
to determine the contracts. Shawton could only in law legitimately determine
the contracts for delay if either

(a) they gave reasonable notice making time of the essence; or

(b) DGP’s failure to complete within a reasonable time was a fundamental
breach such that the gravity of the breach had the effect of depriving Shawton
of substantially the whole benefit which it was the intention of the parties
that they should obtain from the contracts.

_Where time is not of the essence and where the party said to be in breach by
delay is nevertheless making an effort to perform the contract, it is
intrinsically difficult for the other party to establish a fundamental breach
in this sense._ So here, I think, where on any view DGP were performing at
least in part.

[emphasis added]

I have highlighted in italics the statements of general principle in these
passages which do tend to support the defendant’s case. I should clarify that,
in my understanding, the defendant merely seeks to rely on these statements of
_general principle_ , and does not seek to draw analogies between the present
case and _the facts_ of _Astea_ and _Shawton_.

115 I begin with _Astea_. Perhaps, as Judge Seymour QC said, it “may be very
difficult” to establish a repudiatory breach where the party alleged to be in
breach is performing his contractual obligations, albeit at a pace which the
other party considers to be unreasonably slow. But the question ultimately to
be asked is: whether, by reason of the time which will need to elapse before
the benefit is delivered, in _commercial terms_ the party entitled to
performance will be deprived of substantially the whole of the benefit which
it was intended he should derive from the contract. I have no hesitation in
answering that question affirmatively on the facts of the present case, based
on a comparison between, on one hand, the length of time which the defendant
agreed it would have to deliver six Completed Generators, and on the other,
the length of time which it took to produce only two of them, the poor quality
of the two produced, and the length of time it was taking to produce just two
more.

116 I move on to _Shawton_. The statement of general principle there goes only
so far as to say that it is intrinsically difficult to establish a repudiatory
breach where “time is not of the essence”. Conversely, where it cannot be said
that “time is not of the essence”, it cannot be said that it would be
intrinsically difficult to establish a repudiatory breach. What then does
“time is not of the essence” mean in this context? Here, regard must be had to
the facts of _Shawton_ itself. A company, KAT Nuclear, was to construct a
processing plant for handling nuclear waste. It placed subcontract orders with
the plaintiff, Shawton, for the design and manufacture of a number of
packages. Shawton further subcontracted the design work of five of these
packages to the defendant, DGP. The critical fact in _Shawton_ , for present
purposes, is that although there were completion dates fixed at the outset,
there were subsequently significant variations to DGP’s work. In the absence
of a contractual mechanism for awarding extensions of time in respect of those
variations, DGP’s obligation became to complete within a reasonable time: at
[20]. So, when the Court of Appeal spoke of giving reasonable notice “making
time of the essence”, that is a reference to replacing the open-ended
obligation to “complete within reasonable time” with an obligation to complete
within a specified time. It follows that the words “time is not of the
essence” in the statement of general principle in _Shawton_ simply covers a
situation where there are no fixed deadlines and the obligation is to complete
within reasonable time.

117 Therefore, the portion of the judgment in _Shawton_ on which the defendant
relies goes only so far as to say this: where there is no fixed contractual
deadline for completion, and the obligation is to complete within reasonable
time, and where the party said to be in breach by delay is making an effort to
perform the contract, it will be intrinsically difficult to establish a
repudiatory breach. Conversely, where there is a fixed contractual deadline,
it cannot be said that it would be intrinsically difficult to establish a
repudiatory breach. Returning to our case, as I have found, the deadlines
agreed at the inception of PO 2 still applied, _viz_ , four Completed
Generators by 1 November 2011 and two by 1 January 2012. Even accepting the
full width of the statement of general principle in _Shawton_ , it cannot be
said that it would be intrinsically difficult in our case to establish a
repudiatory breach on the defendant’s part.

118 I therefore hold that the defendant’s failure to meet the delivery
deadlines in PO 2 constituted a repudiatory breach of PO 2. The plaintiff was
entitled to terminate PO 2 when it did. The issue then is whether the
plaintiff’s conduct was such that it waived its right to terminate the
contract (or was estopped from doing so).

Waiver or estoppel

119 There are cases which suggest that a waiver of a contractual deadline has
the effect – to put it perhaps inexactly – that the deadline ceases to exist.
In _Charles Rickards Ld v Oppenhaim_ [1950] 1 KB 616 (“ _Rickards_ ”), the
defendant ordered a car from the plaintiff. The agreement was that the body of
the car would be completed “within six, or, at the most, seven months”. The
plaintiff did not deliver within that time but the defendant did not cancel
the contract. Instead, the defendant continued to press the plaintiff for
delivery of the finished car. Denning LJ (as he then was) said (at 622–623):

... I agree that that initial time was waived by reason of the requests that
the defendant made after March, 1948, for delivery; and that, if delivery had
been tendered in compliance with those requests, the defendant could not have
refused to accept the coach-body. ... If the defendant, as he did, led the
plaintiffs to believe that he would not insist on the stipulation as to time,
and that, if they carried out the work, he would accept it, and they did it,
_he could not afterwards set up the stipulation as to the time against them_.
Whether it be called waiver or forbearance on his part, or an agreed variation
or substituted performance, does not matter. It is a kind of estoppel.
[emphasis added]

And in _Astea_ , Judge Seymour QC added at [158] that, the deadline having
ceased to exist, it had been replaced by an obligation to perform within
reasonable time:

... I find that the Contract was a single agreement and that it was, following
the waiver on the part of Time of any insistence that the Services should be
completed by 1 August 2000, _a term of that agreement by implication of law
that Astea should perform the totality of its obligations under that agreement
within a time which was reasonable_ in all the circumstances as they in fact
transpired for performance of those obligations in aggregate. [emphasis added]

It will be noted that Denning LJ in _Rickards_ did not distinguish between the
concepts of variation, estoppel and waiver. In _Shawton_ , however, the Court
of Appeal viewed _Rickards_ as a case in which “the purchaser had waived the
original completion date” (at [32]). I thus proceed on the basis that
_Rickards_ was a case of waiver and not of variation of the contractual
deadline.

120 The point to be made here is this. When one party waives a contractual
deadline, and it is said that he is thereafter prevented from setting up the
deadline against the other party, or that the other party’s obligation then
becomes one of completion within reasonable time, it should _not_ be taken to
mean that there was no breach of contract. In my view, the proper analysis is
that there _was_ a breach of contract, except that the innocent party has
waived _all_ his rights arising from that breach. Take for example a breach of
a condition. The innocent party has at least two rights arising from such a
breach, _viz_ , the right to damages to make good any loss suffered as a
result of the breach, and the right to terminate the contract. It is perfectly
possible to waive the latter right but not the former: indeed, that is the
default result if the innocent party elects not to terminate the contract. It
is also possible to waive _both_ rights. When both rights are waived, in
practical terms, the result is the same as if there was no breach of contract
at all. But I think it is useful to keep the concepts clear: a breach with a
waiver of all rights is still a breach.

121 Returning to this case, the defendant alleges that even if the plaintiff
had a valid right to terminate PO 2 for breach of contract (which the
defendant does not accept), the plaintiff waived that right by its conduct.
What is not clear is whether the defendant alleges that the plaintiff waived
_all_ its rights in relation to the defendant’s breach of contract. Having
held that the defendant did commit a breach of contract by failing to deliver
the Completed Generators by the delivery deadlines, I find no evidence
whatsoever that the plaintiff waived all its rights arising from that breach.
The plaintiff’s conduct was most certainly not such that it could be described
as treating the delivery deadlines as never having existed. On the contrary,
there was an express reservation of the plaintiff’s rights in a letter from
its solicitors to the defendant dated 30 November 2011.[note: 110] And from
January 2012, the plaintiff constantly reminded the defendant that it had
exceeded the deadlines and impressed upon it the urgency of completion.[note:
111] Therefore, I need only consider whether the plaintiff waived its right to
terminate the contract and not whether it waived any other right, such as a
right to claim damages.

122 The evidence clearly supports the defendant’s submission that the
plaintiff treated the contract as alive after the delivery deadlines had
lapsed on 1 November 2011. In my view, the plaintiff continued to treat PO 2
as alive as late as April 2012. I do not think I need to go into the evidence
in great detail. It suffices to say, in general terms, that the plaintiff
persistently pressured the defendant to carry out its work on the Third and
Fourth Units and to fix dates for testing them.

123 What then is the legal effect of the plaintiff’s conduct in this regard? A
right to terminate a contract may arise because there has been a breach of a
condition, or it may arise because there has been a repudiatory breach. In
other words, on a given set of facts, there can be a right to terminate for
breach of condition (regardless of the consequences of this breach) _as well
as_ a right to terminate for repudiatory breach (because of the consequences
of this breach). On our facts, there is a strong case for saying that the
plaintiff by its conduct precluded itself from taking the position that the
defendant’s breach of PO 2 was a breach of condition entitling the plaintiff
to terminate PO 2 immediately upon that breach and regardless of its
consequences. To be precise, this is a waiver by election. I need not and do
not decide this point, because as I have said I need not and do not decide if
the delivery deadlines were in fact a condition of the contract in the first
place.

124 But I do not think it can be said that the plaintiff irrevocably waived
its right for all time to terminate PO 2 for _repudiatory breach_. Since
determining whether a breach is a repudiatory breach necessitates an
assessment of the actual consequences of the breach, parties must be entitled
to wait and see what these consequences actually are: see _RDC Concrete_ at
[100]. Hence, it is not at all inconsistent for the innocent party to treat
the contract as alive post-breach and then to terminate it _subsequently_ when
it transpires that the consequences of that breach operate to deprive him of
substantially the whole benefit of the contract. In this case, the plaintiff’s
conduct in treating PO 2 as alive can at best be an election to affirm the
contract _for the time being_. It cannot be an election to affirm the contract
_for all time, regardless of the consequences of the breach as they became
apparent over time_. Therefore I hold that, however much the plaintiff’s
conduct might amount to a waiver by election of its right to terminate PO 2
for breach of condition, assuming the term breached was indeed a condition, it
did not amount to a waiver by election – or any other waiver – of its right to
terminate PO 2 for repudiatory breach.

125 As for estoppel, the defendant’s pleadings suggested that it relied on
that as a defence. The plaintiff accordingly advanced arguments relating to
estoppel in its closing submissions. But the defendant then seemed to say in
its reply submissions that it was not relying on promissory estoppel.[note:
112] I should say that this appeared to me a reason for making clear the
distinctions between variation, waiver and estoppel as I have done.
Nevertheless, I have considered the question of whether it may be said the
plaintiff was, by its conduct, estopped from terminating the contract on the
basis of a repudiatory breach on the defendant’s part. I am satisfied that it
should be answered in the negative.

126 As a result of the foregoing analysis, I am unmoved from my holding that
the plaintiff was entitled to terminate PO 2 on 24 April 2012. It follows that
the defendant’s counterclaim for wrongful termination must fail.

Plaintiff’s remedies

Damages

127 The plaintiff claimed, under Head of Relief 9, damages to be assessed.
Having found that the defendant is in breach of contract, I order that there
be an assessment of all of the plaintiff’s damage arising out of the
defendant’s breach of PO 2.

Specific sums of money

128 In addition to damages to be assessed, the plaintiff claims specific sums
of money from the defendant. Under Head of Relief 5, the plaintiff claims a
total of US$30,000 (excluding GST) arising from late delivery of the First and
Second Units. Under Head of Relief 6, the plaintiff claims a total of
US$63,000 (excluding GST) on the basis that it paid this sum to the defendant
in respect of the First and Second Units despite the defendant not being
entitled to this sum pursuant to the Payment Schedule under PO 2. Under Head
of Relief 7, the plaintiff claims US$213,000 as additional costs which it
incurred to address the deficiencies in documentation and engineering. I deal
with each of these claims in turn.

129 I first consider Head of Relief 7 because it can be disposed of most
easily. This Head of Relief sounds in damages. The short answer, therefore, is
that the plaintiff will have to prove at the assessment of damages that it
incurred those additional costs which it says it did, and that US$213,000 is
the sum which it ought to recover. It is not my place at this stage to grant
this specific sum sought. Accordingly I decline now to grant the plaintiff’s
claim under Head of Relief 7. I leave it to the plaintiff to satisfy the court
at the assessment stage that this sum is recoverable both as to principle and
as to quantum.

130 The claim under Head of Relief 5 appears to be a claim under the
liquidated damages clause in PO 2, which provides as follows:[note: 113]

Should the [defendant] fail to deliver the equipment at the required delivery
date, liquidated damages shall be paid by the [defendant] to [the plaintiff]
as follows:

• 5% of the maximum value of each unit is applicable on each unit (i.e.
US$15,000 per unit). All 4 units must be delivered at the same time prior to
1st November 2011 and 2 units delivered prior to 1st January 2012 and in the
event that 1 or more of the units of each delivery are delivered late then the
full Liquidated Damages for that shipment value of US$60,000 for shipment one
of 4 units and US$30,000 for shipment two of 2 units shall apply.

It is well-settled that when a contractual term provides for liquidated
damages payable in the event of a breach, this term is enforceable only to the
extent that the liquidated damages are a genuine pre-estimate of the loss
flowing from that breach of contract: see the Court of Appeal decision of
_CLAAS Medical Centre v Ng Boon Ching_ [2010] 2 SLR 386 at [63]; the decision
of Andrew Ang J in _Max Media FZ LLC v Nimbus Media Pte Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 677
at [25]; and the decision of Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in _Pun Serge v Joy Head
Investments Ltd_ [2010] 4 SLR 478 at [40]. It should be noted that this last-
mentioned case considered but did not accept a different test of “commercial
justification” (at [42]).

131 I have already ordered that there be an assessment of the plaintiff’s
damages arising out of the defendant’s breach of PO 2. By that order, the
plaintiff will be compensated for the actual, provable pecuniary loss
occasioned to it by the defendant’s late delivery of the First and Second
Units. To the extent that the liquidated damages claimed represent a genuine
pre-estimate of the plaintiff’s loss flowing from late delivery of the First
and Second Units, allowing such a claim would appear _prima facie_ to permit
double recovery in respect of the same loss. To the extent that the liquidated
damages claimed do not represent a genuine pre-estimate of loss, the
liquidated damages clause would not be enforceable. Accordingly, I decline now
to grant the plaintiff’s claim for US$30,000 now under Head of Relief 5. The
plaintiff can ventilate in the assessment of damages all issues related to the
plaintiff’s right to claim damages under the liquidated damages clause,
including whether the clause is enforceable and whether liquidated damages are
recoverable instead of or in addition to damages for its actual pecuniary
loss.

132 The plaintiff’s claim under Head of Relief 6 proceeds thus. The plaintiff
paid the defendant US$378,000 and US$567,000, being the first and second
stages under the Payment Schedule. This amounted to 50% of the contract price.
The plaintiff subsequently paid the defendant US$315,000 (see [19] above),
being the remaining 50% of the contract price in respect of both the First and
Second Units. In effect, the First and Second Units were fully paid for.
However, the plaintiff argues, the defendant is not entitled to the fourth and
final stage of payment under the Payment Schedule (being 10% of the contract
price) in respect of the First and Second Units because it did not submit the
required “final documentation”. The plaintiff therefore seeks a return of that
fourth and final stage paid in respect of the First and Second Units,
amounting to a total of US$63,000 (US$31,500 per Completed Generator).

133 In my view, the plaintiff is not entitled to recover that sum. It did not
make the payment under duress, nor did it do so under any mistake of fact or
law. And I do not think that there was total failure of consideration, since
the plaintiff did receive delivery of the First and Second Units. Perhaps, in
relation to total failure of consideration, the plaintiff might argue that
each stage of payment under the Payment Schedule must be assessed separately,
in accordance with the principle of severability or apportionment of
consideration: see the speech of Morritt LJ in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Guinness Mahon & Co Ltd v Kensington and Chelsea Royal London
Borough Council_ [1999] QB 215 at 227E–F and the decision of the Privy Council
in _Murray Stanley Goss and another v Laurence George Chilcott_ [1996] AC 788
at 797G–798F. The plaintiff might then argue that the consideration in respect
of the fourth and final stage of payment had failed totally notwithstanding
that the consideration in respect of the previous three stages had not failed
totally. But I reject this argument as well. The sum of US$315,000 must be
characterised as indivisible consideration for one Completed Generator, even
though this sum was to be paid in stages. Otherwise, the absurd conclusion
would be reached that 30% of this sum (the first and fourth stages), _ie_ ,
US$94,500, was consideration for nothing more than documentation. This claim
fails in law and is not one which need be deferred to the assessment of
damages stage.

134 For these reasons, I decline to grant the plaintiff’s claims under Heads
of Relief 5, 6 and 7.

Whether the plaintiff committed breach of contract

The plaintiff’s obligation to make payment

135 The defendant alleges that the plaintiff committed a breach of PO 2
because it failed to make the second stage of payment in accordance with the
Payment Schedule. The defendant alleges that, having received delivery of the
Caterpillar Generators on or about 21 July 2011, the plaintiff was obliged to
make the second stage of payment in the amount of US$567,000 by the following
banking day, _viz_ , on or about 22 July 2011. But the plaintiff paid the
defendant US$100,000 on 1 September 2011 and US$467,000 on 27 September 2011
(see [15] above).

136 In my view, the plaintiff was not in breach of contract. Going by the
terms of PO 2, the Payment Schedule (set out at [9] above) provides that the
second stage was due, not the banking day after arrival of the Caterpillar
Generators, but the banking day _after the plaintiff received payment from
IOEC_ , such payment from IOEC being conditional on arrival of the Caterpillar
Generators and “submission of proof of ownership”. The defendant has not shown
that the plaintiff made payment to it more than one banking day after
receiving the corresponding payment from IOEC.

ABS certification

137 In its pleadings, the defendant alleges that the plaintiff was in breach
of contract “when it required the [defendant] not to use ABS certificates
though it was part of the original agreement”.[note: 114] However, it has not
elaborated on this allegation anywhere in its submissions. It has not shown me
what the original agreement as to ABS certification was; it has not shown me
that the plaintiff required the defendant not to use the same; and it has not
shown me what loss it has suffered as a result. In the circumstances, I am
unable to hold that the plaintiff was in breach of contract in this regard.

The plaintiff is entitled to delivery up of the items sought

138 Under Heads of Relief 1 and 2, the plaintiff seeks delivery up of the
following:

(a) the Third and Fourth Units (including the LS Alternators installed in
them) and the two original SR4 Alternators removed from them;

(b) two Caterpillar Generators (which were intended to be used in the Fifth
and Sixth Units) together with their two SR4 Alternators; and

(c) the two SR4 Alternators removed from the Caterpillar Generators which were
used in the First and Second Units.

139 The plaintiff relies on the Letter of Transfer (alluded to at [14] above)
to establish its entitlement to delivery up of these items. The Letter of
Transfer reads as follows:

Dear Sirs,

Please note that [the defendant] do hereby transfer ownership of the below
listed Caterpillar C18 Diesel marine engine packages including Caterpillar
engine, SR4 alternator, skid and systems to [the plaintiff].

Said transfer is part of the stage payment process forming the second payment
to [the defendant] by [the plaintiff] of the sum of US$567,500 being 30% of
the total Contract price of US$1,890,000 and forms part of the terms and
conditions of above purchase order. ...

Said payment to be made following the submission of this Letter of Transfer
and upon receipt of monies from the client IOEC. It is understood by both
parties that payment to [the defendant] shall be made within one working day
of receipt of payment from client into [the plaintiff’s] bank account.

...

The Letter of Transfer goes on to list the serial numbers of the six
Caterpillar Generators as well as those of the six SR4 Alternators.

140 The plaintiff takes the position that, according to the Payment Schedule,
the defendant would be entitled to the second stage of payment only after it
had transferred ownership in the Caterpillar Generators to the plaintiff.
According to the Payment Schedule, the second stage of payment would be made
following the “arrival of the [Caterpillar Generators] and submission of proof
of ownership”. The plaintiff argues that “proof of ownership” here refers to
proof of the plaintiff’s ownership. It points to the third of three
“additional conditions” in PO 2,[note: 115] which provides: “Documentary
evidence of purchase of 6 [Caterpillar Generators] to be provided within 10
working days from payment of initial down payment”. The plaintiff argues that
this “additional condition” already obliged the defendant to produce proof of
_the defendant’s_ ownership in the Caterpillar Generators, and that it cannot
be that “proof of ownership” referred to in the Payment Schedule likewise
means proof of the defendant’s ownership, as this would entail producing the
same proof twice and so give rise to a redundancy, which parties cannot have
intended. Hence, “proof of ownership” must refer to proof of _the plaintiff’s_
ownership in the same. The Letter of Transfer was then the proof of the
plaintiff’s ownership in the Caterpillar Generators, argues the plaintiff; and
ownership having been transferred to it as required by the terms of PO 2, it
is entitled to delivery up of the items as claimed.

141 I do not find the plaintiff’s arguments convincing. On a plain reading of
the Payment Schedule, “arrival of the [Caterpillar Generators]” can only mean
arrival at the defendant’s workshop. In the absence of any reference to
specific parties in the conjunctive clause “arrival of the [Caterpillar
Generators] and submission of proof of ownership”, I find it difficult to
believe that it was intended that each part of the clause should refer to
different parties, _ie_ , arrival at the defendant’s workshop but proof of the
plaintiff’s ownership. Further, I think that the plaintiff’s reliance on the
“additional conditions” is misplaced. Requiring the defendant to furnish
documentary proof of purchase of the Caterpillar Generators, as the
“additional conditions” does, is quite different from requiring the defendant
to furnish proof of its ownership of them. I do not think that the “additional
conditions” required the defendant to furnish this latter proof, and hence no
redundancy, in my judgment, is created by interpreting “proof of ownership” to
mean proof of the defendant’s ownership in the Caterpillar Generators.

142 However, the plaintiff’s claims for delivery up of the items does not
therefore fail. The Letter of Transfer reflects the defendant’s acceptance of
the plaintiff’s offer to “transfer ownership” in the Caterpillar Generators
from the defendant to the plaintiff. With the Letter of Transfer, IOEC would
release payment to the plaintiff, and the plaintiff would then make the second
stage of payment to the defendant, resulting in the defendant gaining the
practical benefit of receiving that payment. In this way, consideration flowed
from the plaintiff to the defendant. All the ingredients of a binding contract
were therefore present. Even though the defendant might not have been
_obliged_ under the terms of PO 2 to transfer ownership in the Caterpillar
Generators to the plaintiff, I see no reason why there cannot have been an
enforceable _contract_ which effected precisely that transfer.

143 The defendant, in turn, relies on an e-mail from Mr Law to Mr Tanabalan
dated 1 August 2011, which was in the following terms:

Balan,

As far as I can tell there is no way around it other than to assign ownership
to [the plaintiff] and then [the plaintiff] to IOEC, this is their way of
retaining some control over their monies paid out. At the end of the day the
units are not leaving the workshop until 90% of the monies are paid. It is
understandable that they are a little nervous because they have no legal
standing outside of their own country.

I think we just need to submit a joint declaration that ownership of the 6
units is transferred to IOEC upon receipt of the second stage payment (30%)
this will enable them to release the 30% and for us to continue with the
fabrication.

On completion and inspection the 6 units will not be received until the next
stage payment of 40% is reached.

This way we keep the units until the 90% monies are paid.

I really don’t think giving them ownership is a big problem, it isn’t as
though they could come and take them away, that is not possible.

Eddie

[emphasis added]

The defendant argues that the intention of the parties was not to transfer
ownership to the plaintiff, but rather to transfer ownership to IOEC. It
argues that the plaintiff therefore cannot contend that it is the “true owner”
of the Caterpillar Generators[note: 116] and therefore has no right to demand
or secure delivery up. The defendant says that it would not have agreed to
sign the Letter of Transfer had it known that the plaintiff would make use of
it to claim ownership of the Caterpillar Generators.[note: 117]

144 I should first touch on the possible arguments which I understand the
defendant _not_ to have made. The defendant does not appear to argue that it
signed the Letter of Transfer under duress. In any event, having regard to the
principles outlined by Quentin Loh Sze-On J in _E C Investment Holding Pte Ltd
v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and another (Orion Oil Ltd and another,
interveners)_ [2011] 2 SLR 232 at [42]–[52], which I accept as correct having
heard no argument on the point, I am satisfied that there was no duress. The
defendant does not appear to argue that Mr Law’s 1 August 2011 e-mail
contained any misrepresentation or gave rise to any estoppel. In any event, I
am satisfied that this e-mail contained neither a false representation nor a
representation giving rise to an estoppel. When Mr Law assured Mr Tanabalan
that IOEC would not be able to take the Caterpillar Generators away any time
it liked, this was on the assumption that the defendant would keep within the
contractual timelines. The defendant not having done so, Mr Law’s assurances
to Mr Tanabalan cannot operate to negate any entitlement of the plaintiff
arising out of the parties’ agreement as contained in the Letter of Transfer.

145 And so I turn to the defendant’s argument that the plaintiff is not
entitled to delivery up of the items as claimed because it is not the true
owner of those items. In my judgment, this argument is without merit. It
overlooks the concept of relativity of title in the law of personal property.
This concept was briefly adverted to by Steven Chong Horng Siong J in _Wong
Seng Kwan v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 3 SLR 12 at [29] when he quoted a
passage from an academic treatise, which states as follows:

If you make a ring from your own hair, there is no doubt whatever that it is
yours and that you have a better right to it than anyone else. If you lose it,
you can claim it from the finder. But in the absence of any claim by you, the
finder is treated as having a title good against everyone. You have a better
right to possess the thing than does the finder, but the finder has a better
right to possess it than anyone else.

The point to be made here is that it may not only be the true owner of an item
who is entitled to delivery up of it. A party who is not the true owner may be
entitled to delivery up _as against another party with a weaker right to
possess that item_. And so what must be considered here is the strength of the
plaintiff’s right to possess the items _relative to_ the defendant’s right to
the same.

146 At the outset of the analysis, a distinction should be drawn between the
concepts of “interest” and “title”. _Goode on Commercial Law_ (Ewan McKendrick
ed) (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2009) (“ _Goode_ ”) explains the concepts as follows
(at p 34):

... A person’s interest in an asset denotes the quantum of rights over it
which he enjoys against other persons, though not necessarily against _all_
other persons. His title measures the strength of the interest he enjoys in
relation to others. [emphasis in original]

What then is “ownership”, that which the parties expressed themselves as
having transferred? According to _Goode_ , it is (also at p 34):

... conventionally defined as the residue of legal rights in an asset
remaining in a person ... after specific rights over the asset have been
granted to others. A person in whom such residue of rights is vested is said
to have an _absolute interest_ in the asset. By contrast, one who enjoys
merely specific rights, eg possession under a pledge, lien or other bailment,
has only a limited interest. [emphasis added]

147 In the present case, then, what the defendant agreed to transfer to the
plaintiff was the absolute interest in the Caterpillar Generators. On the
assumption – which I have no reason to doubt – that no specific rights over
the Caterpillar Generators had been granted to third parties, the absolute
interest would consist of the full range of legal rights in those items,
including the right to possess. Of course, the defendant could transfer to the
plaintiff only what it had. On the supposition – which I have no reason to
believe is true – that the defendant had second-best title to the absolute
interest, it could only transfer to the plaintiff that second-best title,
which by definition can be defeated by the party with the best title. But the
point is that the defendant transferred to the plaintiff _the full extent of
its title to the absolute interest, whatever the strength of that title might
be_. Having done so, the defendant’s title to the absolute interest would
necessarily be weaker than that of the plaintiff. For this reason alone, the
plaintiff’s right to possess the items is stronger than that of the defendant.
The plaintiff might then have transferred to IOEC its title to the absolute
interest, which would mean that IOEC would have a better right to possess the
items than the plaintiff; but as I have said, the concept of relativity of
title means that, in a dispute between the plaintiff and the defendant, the
relative strength of a third party’s title to the absolute interest is
irrelevant.

148 The defendant advances a further argument, which is that, by seeking
delivery up, the plaintiff is seeking specific enforcement of the contract. It
then argues that the plaintiff cannot claim specific performance of a contract
which it has terminated. I reject this argument without hesitation. The
plaintiff is not seeking specific performance; it is seeking enforcement of
its superior right as against the defendant to possess the items. This right
derives not from PO 2 but from a collateral agreement between the parties to
transfer ownership. The termination of PO 2 does not affect the right. I
should say, though, that the converse is not necessarily true – while the
contract was still alive (or perhaps only before the defendant breached the
delivery deadlines), the plaintiff’s superior title to the absolute interest
would not necessarily mean that it had a better right to possess the items
than the defendant. This is because, while the contract was alive (or perhaps
only prior to breach), it might be said that the defendant was granted the
specific right to possess the items for the purposes of completing its work
under PO 2. This would mean that the absolute interest to which the plaintiff
had the best title would consist of all legal rights over the items _except_
that specific right to possess which had been granted to the defendant.

149 But PO 2 has in fact been terminated. And so in my view the plaintiff’s
superior title to the absolute interest gives it a better right to possess the
Caterpillar Generators than the defendant. On that basis, I hold that the
plaintiff is entitled to delivery up of two Caterpillar Generators (which were
to be used in the Fifth and Sixth Units) and the SR4 Alternators therein, as
well as all the remaining SR4 Alternators in the defendant’s possession. I
understand that the defendant sold one of these SR4 Alternators. I order that
the defendant pay to the plaintiff the proceeds of that sale in lieu of
delivery up of that SR4 alternator. I note that Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in
_Antariksa Logistics Pte Ltd and others v McTrans Cargo (S) Pte Ltd_ [2012] 4
SLR 250 declined to order delivery up to plaintiffs who succeeded in an action
for conversion on the basis that delivery up was available only in an action
for detinue: at [156]–[159]. But I do not think that this decision is
authority for an argument – which the defendant did not advance – that I
should not or cannot make an order for delivery up. I say this having regard
to the decision of Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) in _Hilti Far East Pte
Ltd v Tan Hup Guan_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 711, in which an order for delivery up was
granted in favour of a party which was entitled to possession of a car: at [3]
and [23].

150 There is, however, a potential complication in the plaintiff’s claim for
delivery up of the Third and Fourth Units. This is that the Third and Fourth
Units, in their present state of completion, comprise not just the Caterpillar
Generators (which the plaintiff is entitled to possess by virtue of the
transfer of ownership) and the LS Alternators (which the plaintiff is entitled
to possess by virtue of its never having relinquished title to any interest
therein to the defendant), but also other components which do not appear to
have been the subject matter of any similar transfer of ownership. In Mr
Podador’s bi-weekly reports, these components were recorded as having been
installed into the works-in-progress that the Third and Fourth Units then
were.[note: 118] Examples of the components include exhaust silencers and
electrical equipment on the unit control panel. Despite this, my view is that
the plaintiff is entitled to delivery up of the Third and Fourth Units. This
is because it has acquired the right to possess those components by the
doctrine or principle of accession, which has been described by A G Guest,
“Accession and Confusion in the Law of Hire-Purchase” (1964) 27 MLR 505
(“Guest”) at 507 in the following terms:

... if the chattel of one person is united to the chattel of another by
labour, forming a joint product, the owner of the principal chattel will
acquire the right of property in the whole by right of accession.

In other words, where the doctrine of accession applies, the owner of what has
been called the “principal chattel” will acquire ownership rights over what
have been called “minor chattels” which have been annexed to his principal
chattel. Guest proceeds to consider the question of “what degree of annexation
is necessary to constitute an accession”, and puts forward four possible tests
(at 507–510):

(a) the test of “injurious removal”, under which accession applies when the
minor chattel is added or attached to the principal chattel so that the former
cannot be separated without the destruction of or serious injury to the whole
so formed;

(b) the test of “separate existence”, under which accession applies when the
minor chattel which has been added or attached to the principal chattel has
ceased to exist as a separate chattel;

(c) the test of “destruction of utility”, under which accession applies when
removal of the minor chattel would destroy the utility of the principal
chattel; and

(d) the test of “the degree and purpose of annexation”, which is a highly
fact-specific test which takes into account factors such as the nature of the
chattels, the degree of annexation, the ownership of the minor chattel and the
intention of the parties. _Prima facie_ , minor chattels attached to the
principal chattel would be treated as accessions thereto, unless it was shown
that the minor chattels were intended only to be temporary attachments and not
integral or permanent parts of the principal chattel.

151 Before I go further, I should address the decision of L P Thean J (as he
then was) in _The “Safe Neptunia”_ [1988] 1 SLR(R) 314. Citing a number of
cases from the Australian states – specifically, two from New South Wales and
one from Victoria – Thean J agreed that the general rule was that property
rights over minor chattels would not pass to the owner of the principal
chattel if the owner of the minor chattels did not intend those rights to
pass. He further said that the doctrine of accession should apply only when it
would be “impracticable” to apply the intention-based general rule, and that
it was for the owner of the principal chattel to show that the “necessity of
the case” required the application of the doctrine: at [14]–[17]. I do not
doubt the correctness of these principles approved of by Thean J. Primacy
should be accorded to the intentions of the parties – or perhaps just the
intention of the owner of the minor chattel – but this is provided that such
intention or intentions is or are clear and unequivocal. Where, on the other
hand, the intention is not apparent, then the default rule – or perhaps it is
more of a presumption – is that the rights of the owner of the minor chattel
do not pass to the owner of the principal chattel, unless it would be
impracticable to apply this default rule and so necessary to apply the
doctrine of accession.

152 In this case, there is no indication that either the plaintiff or the
defendant ever formed any intention as to whether the defendant’s rights over
the components incorporated into the Third and Fourth Units would pass to the
plaintiff. Hence the default rule would be that the plaintiff has no better
title to those components than the defendant, unless it would be impracticable
to apply the default rule and so necessary to apply the doctrine of accession.
And in my view, the question of when it would be impracticable to apply the
default rule and so necessary to apply the doctrine of accession depends on
the question of what degree of annexation (of the minor to the principal
chattel) is required to constitute accession. For instance, if the “injurious
removal” test were to be adopted, then it would be said that it would be
impracticable to apply the default rule and so necessary to apply accession
whenever the minor chattel is so attached to the principal chattel that the
former cannot be separated without serious injury to the whole so formed. And
so I must decide which test to apply.

153 Having examined the authorities, I take the view that a flexible, fact-
specific test is called for. This might not be identical to the fourth test
which Guest describes, but the broad idea is the same, _ie_ , keep the test
flexible so as to do practical justice based on the particular circumstances
of each individual case. The characteristics of the owners of the respective
chattels will probably be very relevant: for instance, what they know, and
whether either of them can be said to be a “wrongdoer” (and it may matter
whether the wrongdoer was “innocently” or wilfully so). The owner of the
principal chattel might have had it wrongfully appropriated from him by
another, or he might have wrongfully appropriated the minor chattels. The
owner of the minor chattels might be a contractor attaching those minor
chattels to a principal chattel which he knows full well belongs to another,
or he might be a consumer who attaches minor chattels to a principal chattel
which he believes to be his but to which a third party (of whom he has no
knowledge) has better title. The first three tests described by Guest are more
rigid in the sense that they invariably tend to favour either one of the
owners – the one most favourable to the owner of the principal chattel is that
of “destruction of utility” while the one most favourable to the owner of the
minor chattel is that of “separate existence”; and “injurious removal” lies in
the middle. However, while it may in some instances be right to favour one
owner, there will be other instances in which it is right to favour the other.
Everything in reality depends on the facts of each case.

154 In my opinion, adopting a flexible and fact-specific test in the doctrine
of accession would be consistent with the approach taken in cases which have
had to determine the relative title of two or more owners whose goods have
been mixed together. In the House of Lords decision of _Frank Stewart Sandeman
& Sons v Tyzack and Branfoot Steamship Co Ltd_ [1913] AC 680 (“ _Sandeman_ ”),
the goods mixed together were bales of jute; while oil belonging to different
parties was mixed together in two English cases, namely _Indian Oil
Corporation Ltd v Greenstone Shipping SA (Panama)_ [1988] 1 QB 345 (“ _Indian
Oil_ ”), a decision of Staughton J (as he then was), and _Glencore
International AG and others v Metro Trading International Inc_ [2001] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 284 (“ _Glencore_ ”), a decision of Moore-Bick J (as he then was).
While Staughton J opened his judgment in _Indian Oil_ by explaining the Roman
law concepts of _confusio_ and _commixtio_ , the approach underlying all these
three English cases appears to be one of doing practical justice rather than
rigid adherence to fixed rules: see _Sandeman_ at 695, _Indian Oil_ at 370H
and _Glencore_ at [184]. It should be noted that these were cases involving
_physical_ goods. I say nothing about cases involving the mixture of
intangibles such as the debts represented by money notionally “in” a bank
account.

155 I now elaborate on the authorities on the doctrine of accession to which I
had regard. In _Jones v De Marchant_ (1916) 28 DLR 561, a decision of the
Manitoba Court of Appeal in Canada, a wife bought 18 beaver skins with her
money. Her husband took those skins from her and, together with four
additional skins provided by him, had a coat made which he then gave to his
mistress. The court held that doctrine of accession applied. That meant that
the wife had better title to the coat than the mistress because it would be
“most unjust” if the wife had no remedy for the loss of her beaver skins (at
565). In _Thomas v Robinson_ [1977] 1 NZLR 385, a decision of Speight J in the
Supreme Court of New Zealand, a consumer bought a car unaware that it was the
subject matter of a hire-purchase agreement, _ie_ , that the seller was merely
a hirer and not the owner. The consumer made improvements to the car,
including the replacement of certain components therein. The owner
subsequently repossessed the car. Speight J held that the doctrine of
accession did not apply, and that the consumer had better title to the minor
chattels which had been used to replace the original components in the car. In
_McKeown v Cavalier Yachts Pty Ltd and another_ (1988) 13 NSWLR 303 (“
_McKeown_ ”), a decision of Young J (as he then was) in the Supreme Court of
New South Wales, the plaintiff was the owner of a laminated hull. It was
agreed that the second defendant would build a yacht from this hull and the
second defendant laboured to that end, attaching, _inter alia_ , the deck,
deckliner and engine to the hull. When the work had progressed to a point
where the yacht was almost ready to be sailed, a dispute arose as to ownership
of the yacht. Young J held that the doctrine of accession applied and that the
plaintiff owned the yacht.

156 The present case is most like _McKeown_. I am of the view that the
Caterpillar Generators used in the Third and Fourth Units were the principal
chattels, and the components installed or attached thereto were the minor
chattels. Like the second defendant in _McKeown_ , the defendant in this case
installed the minor chattels knowing that the principal chattels belonged to
the plaintiff (or at least to someone other than the defendant) and that the
final product, the Completed Generators, would be delivered to the plaintiff
and thereon to IOEC. This case is not one in which the owner of the minor
chattels did not know that a third party had a better title to the principal
chattel. And in this case, to remove the installed components would be to
destroy what would, with more work, become working Completed Generators.
Accordingly, I follow the result in _McKeown_ and say that, by the doctrine of
accession, the plaintiff’s title to the Caterpillar Generators gives it title
to all the components installed in the Third and Fourth Units. I express no
view on whether I should, in the present case, follow the test which Young J
thought to be applicable in _McKeown_ , _viz_ , the “injurious removal” test
(at 311E). I content myself with saying that the present case appears to me
sufficiently similar to _McKeown_ in the material facts to warrant reaching
the same result without more.

157 For the foregoing reasons, I hold that the plaintiff is entitled to
delivery up of all the items that it claims under Heads of Relief 1 and 2.

Whether the plaintiff is entitled to an indemnity against claims by IOEC

158 I consider now the plaintiff’s claim under Head of Relief 8 for a
declaration that the defendant is liable to indemnify it against claims by
IOEC. In my view, the declaration sought is premature and too wide. I have
ordered that the plaintiff’s damages be assessed. It is not appropriate for me
at this stage to make an award holding the defendant liable for unliquidated
and unquantified damages that may or may not be sustained. In other words, it
is not appropriate now to make a decision as to whether the plaintiff’s
damages to be assessed will or will not include a component to compensate the
plaintiff for its monetary liability to IOEC. If the plaintiff wishes to
recover damages for loss arising out of claims made against it by IOEC, it
will have to prove in the assessment that such loss has been suffered and that
such damages are recoverable on the usual contractual principles.

The defendant’s counterclaim arising outside of PO 1 and PO 2

159 As mentioned above, one of the defendant’s counterclaims concerns a
contract between the plaintiff and the defendant that has nothing to do with
PO 1 and PO 2. This was a contract for the defendant to fabricate and deliver
to the plaintiff by 3 December 2010 one containerised generator for the Single
Buoy Mooring Deep Panuke project, in consideration of which the plaintiff
would pay the defendant US$900,000. The contract was executed by way of
purchase order AG65-20100032-REV00 dated 7 September 2010[note: 119] (“PO
SBM”). The payment due from the plaintiff to the defendant under PO SBM was to
be made in stages according to the following schedule:

Payment shall be made on the next Banking Day after receipt of the payment
from [the plaintiff’s] Client (SBM) following receipt of invoice and
achievement of the following milestone(s):

• 30% upon receipt of Supplier’s unconditional Purchase Order acknowledgement

• 10% upon Lloyd’s Register approval of container design

• 10% upon 50% schedule completion

• 15% upon completion of container ready for packaging

• 15% upon receipt of alternator

• 15% upon successful FAT & Issue of Lloyd’s Register Release Certificate

• 5% upon issue of Vendor Data Books & Lloyd’s Register acceptance

The plaintiff has since paid the defendant 90% of the contract price.

160 In brief, the defendant claims:

(a) the sum of US$96,300 being the remaining 10% of the contract price, and

(b) the sum of S$323,348.56 (_viz_ , S$290,588.46 + US$12,700 + US$12,500)
being expenses for work carried out at the plaintiff’s request which was not
agreed to in PO SBM.

161 The plaintiff, in its Reply and Defence to Counterclaim, purported to
institute a counterclaim of its own in relation to PO SBM. By this
counterclaim, the plaintiff alleged that it had suffered loss as a result of
the defendant’s unsatisfactory workmanship under PO SBM, and sought damages to
compensate it for that loss. I have no hesitation in dismissing this
counterclaim of the plaintiff’s. It appears to me to have been included as an
afterthought by way of defence against the defendant’s PO SBM counterclaim.
And so I turn now to consider the defendant’s claims.

Remaining 10% of the contract price

162 The defendant argues that it is entitled to this sum because it has
fulfilled all its obligations under PO SBM.[note: 120] It argues that the
plaintiff’s “main concern” was that the containerised generator should be able
to supply power to a rig to facilitate a sea voyage from Abu Dhabi to Canada,
the corollary of this being that the plaintiff was not seriously concerned
about anything else, _eg_ , the HVAC and Fire & Gas systems.[note: 121] The
defendant then argues that the containerised generator which it delivered to
the plaintiff successfully performed that function of facilitating the rig’s
voyage.[note: 122]

163 I cannot accept the defendant’s argument. I cannot accept that the
plaintiff’s concerns were so narrow. Instead I am satisfied that the defendant
failed to complete all its work under PO SBM in that numerous technical
problems plagued the containerised generator even after it had been delivered
to the plaintiff and thereon to the plaintiff’s own client. The fact that the
generator is able to function at a certain level is not an indication that the
defendant has fulfilled its entire scope of work under the contract. Further,
I accept the plaintiff’s argument that the defendant is not entitled to the
remaining 10% because it has not achieved the milestone which it was obliged
to achieve in order to trigger payment of this stage under the contractual
schedule. Quite simply, the defendant has failed to provide all of the
concluding documentation, in particular the Lloyd’s Register Release
Certificate. I reject the defendant’s contention that it was the plaintiff’s
responsibility to obtain this document. Accordingly, I hold that the defendant
is not entitled to the remaining 10% of the contract price.

Expenses incurred by the defendant

164 The defendant argues that the plaintiff asked that it carry out work which
was outside the scope of PO SBM.[note: 123] It argues that it thereby incurred
expenses amounting to S$290,588.46.[note: 124] The work alleged to have been
requested by the plaintiff was as follows:

(a) install a hydraulic starter in the generator package;

(b) install bigger dampers in the HVAC system;

(c) fabricate a skid frame;

(d) install Canadian-certified parts and equipment; and

(e) install additional safety equipment such as beacon, loudspeaker and
current transformer coil.

I reject the defendant’s allegations. It did put forward evidence that it did
the work which it said it did, but it failed entirely to establish that this
work was not within the scope of PO SBM. The defendant’s witnesses, of course,
gave evidence that the work was outside the scope of the contract, but I did
not find their evidence to be credible and the defendant was unable to point
to any contemporaneous documentation to support their bare assertions.

165 In addition, the defendant argues that the plaintiff is liable to
compensate it for the following:

(a) expenses incurred by the defendant in replacing cables which the plaintiff
had instructed the defendant to install but which the plaintiff’s client later
rejected as unsuitable, such expenses amounting to US$12,500; and

(b) expenses incurred by the defendant in commissioning the containerised
generator in Canada, such expenses amounting to US$12,700.

I likewise reject these claims put forward by the defendant. The only evidence
before me that the unsuitable cables were installed on the plaintiff’s
instructions is Mr Selvakumar’s testimony to that effect. I did not find him a
reliable witness. I am unable to find that the defendant’s allegation as to
the cables is made out. And I do not see any basis upon which the plaintiff
might be liable for expenses incurred in respect of the commissioning of the
generator.

166 I therefore dismiss the whole of the defendant’s counterclaim in respect
of PO SBM. That is, I dismiss its claim that it is entitled to the remaining
10% of the contract price, as well as its claim that the plaintiff is liable
to make good expenses which it incurred in carrying out its work.

Conclusion

167 I summarise my decision as follows:

(a) In relation to PO 1, I hold that the defendant was in breach of contract
and that the plaintiff was entitled to terminate the contract because the
defendant’s breach was a repudiatory breach. I allow the plaintiff’s claim to
recover US$252,000 by way of reliance damages, and I hold that the plaintiff
is not entitled to any additional sums of money in respect of PO 1.

(b) In relation to PO 2, I hold that the defendant was in breach of contract
and that the plaintiff was entitled to terminate the contract because the
defendant’s breach was a repudiatory breach. I hold that the plaintiff did not
waive its right to terminate. I allow the plaintiff’s claim for damages to be
assessed, but decline to award it the specific sums of money claimed under
Heads of Relief 5, 6 and 7. It may pursue Heads of Relief 5 and 6 in the
assessment of damages, but not Head of Relief 7.

(c) I hold that the plaintiff is entitled to delivery up of the items claimed
under Heads of Relief 1 and 2.

(d) I dismiss entirely the defendant’s counterclaim under PO SBM.

168 I also award the costs of the action to the plaintiff.

169 Finally, I should point out that on 7 August 2012, the plaintiff secured a
freezing injunction against the defendant. The injunction restrained the
defendant from disposing of its assets in Singapore up to the value of S$1.5m.
The defendant applied on 31 August 2012 to set aside that injunction.[note:
125] That application was fixed for hearing before me. I declined to set aside
the injunction. In my view, that injunction had been correctly granted _pre_
-judgment. It ought to continue _post_ -judgment. The injunction will
therefore continue until further order or until the defendant has discharged
its liability in damages to the plaintiff.

* * *

[note: 1]AEIC of James Stephenson at 51-54.

[note: 2]9DB at 1-10.

[note: 3]AEIC of James Stephenson at 55-58.

[note: 4]9DB at 22-32.

[note: 5]2DB at 101.

[note: 6]9DB at 11.

[note: 7]Plaintiff’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim at para 13.

[note: 8]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 43.

[note: 9]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 46; 3DB at 88, 92.

[note: 10]3DB at 113.

[note: 11]3DB at 139.

[note: 12]3DB at 140.

[note: 13]3DB at 141.

[note: 14]3DB at 171.

[note: 15]AEIC of Edward Law at 92-93.

[note: 16]AEIC of Edward Law at para 8; AEIC of Ramasamy Tanabalan at para 68.

[note: 17]4DB at 27-28.

[note: 18]4DB at 213.

[note: 19]PCB at 28.

[note: 20]AEIC of James Stephenson at para 32; AEIC of Ramasamy Tanabalan at
para 108.

[note: 21]AEIC of James Stephenson at 282-285.

[note: 22]9DB at 11.

[note: 23]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 132.

[note: 24]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 140.

[note: 25]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 139.

[note: 26]At paras 52–56.

[note: 27]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 127.

[note: 28]Plaintiff’s closing submissions, section header between paras 245
and 246.

[note: 29]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 33.

[note: 30]1DB at 198-200.

[note: 31]Defence and Counterclaim at paras 62-63.

[note: 32]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 69.

[note: 33]Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 70-73.

[note: 34]Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 74.

[note: 35]At para 45.

[note: 36]At para 71.

[note: 37]2DB at 158, 162.

[note: 38]4DB at 192.

[note: 39]Transcript, Day 5 p 66 lines 9 to 23.

[note: 40]Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 32-36.

[note: 41]AEIC of Ramasamy Tanabalan at para 33.

[note: 42]1 DB at 244.

[note: 43]Transcript, Day 5 p 27 lines 6 to 20.

[note: 44]2DB at 32, 35-36, 39.

[note: 45]Transcript, Day 5 p 12 lines 4 to 7.

[note: 46]Transcript, Day 6 p 25 lines 13 to 17.

[note: 47]2 DB at 76.

[note: 48]Transcript, Day 5 p 27 line 21 to p 28 line 6.

[note: 49]2DB at 120.

[note: 50]Transcript, Day 6 p 28 lines 14 to 20.

[note: 51]At para 41.

[note: 52]AEIC of Ramasamy Tanabalan at p 140.

[note: 53]AEIC of Ramasamy Tanabalan at p 142.

[note: 54]AEIC of Mr Oracion at p 89.

[note: 55]Transcript, Day 6 p 45 lines 18 to 31.

[note: 56]Transcript, Day 7 p 109 lines 5 to 14, p 111 lines 1 to 7.

[note: 57]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 80-81.

[note: 58]Transcript, Day 7 p 112 lines 2 to 7.

[note: 59]AEIC of Mr Oracion at pp 54-56.

[note: 60]PB at 154-155E.

[note: 61]3DB at 118.

[note: 62]4DB at 186-187; AEIC of Mr Podador at 33-35.

[note: 63]2DB at 147.

[note: 64]3DB at 114.

[note: 65]Transcript, Day 5 pp 34-35.

[note: 66]PCB at 3.

[note: 67]Transcript, Day 7 p 115 lines 11 to 13.

[note: 68]AEIC of Mr Podador at 46, 50, 54.

[note: 69]5DB at 195.

[note: 70]Transcript, Day 3 p 12 lines 29 to 31.

[note: 71]AEIC of Mr Podador at 92, 99.

[note: 72]7DB at 124.

[note: 73]AEIC of Mr Podador at 111.

[note: 74]PCB at 27-28.

[note: 75]PCB at 29.

[note: 76]AEIC of James Stephenson at p 149.

[note: 77]AEIC of Mr Oracion at para 16, p 89.

[note: 78]Transcript, Day 5 p 104 line 24 to p 105 line 26.

[note: 79]7DB at 109.

[note: 80]7DB at 141-142.

[note: 81]Transcript, Day 5 p 78 lines 3 to 13.

[note: 82]7DB at 108.

[note: 83]At 130-131.

[note: 84]At 110-128.

[note: 85]AEIC of Mr Oracion at 83-84; 4DB at 234-235.

[note: 86]AEIC of Mr Podador at 69-75.

[note: 87]Transcript, Day 7 p 24 line 19.

[note: 88]Transcript, Day 7 p 20 lines 22 to 24.

[note: 89]Transcript, Day 7 p 22 line 27 to p 24 line 2.

[note: 90]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 301.

[note: 91]Defence and Counterclaim at para 12.

[note: 92]Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 237, 289, 298.

[note: 93]5DB at 156.

[note: 94]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 310.

[note: 95]Reply and Defence to Counterclaim at para 7.

[note: 96]5DB at 192.

[note: 97]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 246.

[note: 98]Transcript, Day 7 p 18 lines 8 to 10.

[note: 99]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 303.

[note: 100]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 295.

[note: 101]7DB at 100.

[note: 102]Transcript, Day 8 p 34 lines 20 to 27.

[note: 103]Transcript, Day 8 p 35 lines 22 to 30.

[note: 104]Transcript, Day 8 p 43 lines 19 to 29.

[note: 105]Transcript, Day 8 p 45 lines 3 to 26.

[note: 106]Transcript, Day 8 p 55 lines 2 to 11.

[note: 107]2DBAEIC at pp 810-811.

[note: 108]Transcript, Day 8 p 52 lines 7 to 19.

[note: 109]Transcript, Day 8 p 59 lines 17-28.

[note: 110]PB at 246-249.

[note: 111]See, for instance, 6DB at 35, 79; 7DB at 20, 21, 23, 26, 28, 61,
80, 84, 93.

[note: 112]Defendant’s reply submissions at para 36.

[note: 113]9DB at 27.

[note: 114]Defence and Counterclaim at para 61.

[note: 115]9DB at 25.

[note: 116]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 215.

[note: 117]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 213.

[note: 118]AEIC of Mr Podador at 92, 99.

[note: 119]AEIC of Ramasamy Tanabalan at 572-583.

[note: 120]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 378.

[note: 121]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 382.

[note: 122]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 384.

[note: 123]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 398.

[note: 124]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 396.

[note: 125]SUM 4439/2012.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

