Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  BJV _v_ BJW  
[2013] SGHC 140

Case Number| :| Divorce (T) Suit No 5953 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Rajan Chettiar and Aishah Anwar (Rajan Chettiar & Co) for
the plaintiff; Carrie Gill (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  BJV — BJW  
  
24 July 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties are Americans of Korean descent. They married on 9 February 1998
but separated on 28 May 2009. They briefly attempted reconciliation in 2010
but were not successful. The plaintiff (wife), formerly working as a flight
attendant, returned to the United States of America in October 2010. Interim
judgment in this divorce suit was granted on 4 April 2011.

2 They have two sons, “B” born on 18 November 2000 and “C” born on 3 December
2002. The matrimonial home at Horizon Towers is owned by the defendant in his
sole name. The Horizon Towers property was purchased in the defendant’s sole
name in 2003 for S$1.1m. The plaintiff has two properties in the USA known as
the “Ashland Property” and the “Bryn Mawr Property”. The plaintiff’s brother
is a joint owner of the Bryn Mawr Property. The Ashland Property was acquired
by the plaintiff on 27 April 2004 for US$425,000. The current value was not
given, but it seems that there is an outstanding loan against this property of
US$247,925.02 which is being repaid in monthly instalments by the defendant.
It was apportioned to the plaintiff in the 2009 separation but the defendant
claimed that he paid for the purchase as evidenced from the bank transfers
from the United Overseas Bank account records. He claimed that he paid for the
Bryn Mawr Property as well. The Bryn Mawr Property was acquired in 2003 for
US$360,000 (valued at US$500,000 as at August 2011) and apportioned to the
plaintiff in the 2009 separation. The defendant claimed that though the
plaintiff’s brother is a named joint owner, he did not contribute towards the
purchase of the Bryn Mawr Property.

3 The defendant takes the position that the plaintiff retains these two
properties as agreed in the deed of separation dated 28 May 2009 (“the Deed”)
with no further division. The plaintiff, however, wants all matrimonial assets
to be divided equally. She claimed that the two American properties were not
matrimonial assets. The net assets excluding real property owned by the
defendant was about S$194,135.72. The net asset of the plaintiff excluding the
American properties was about $106,890.82.

4 The defendant claimed to be presently unemployed but I do not see why he
could not find a job similar to his previous one as a banker. The plaintiff
appears to be earning S$3,961.55 as her monthly salary as a director of a
funeral home (family business). The defendant was paying $5,500 as maintenance
for the defendant and the sons jointly, but this amount was reduced to $3,500
as maintenance for the plaintiff after he took over care and control of the
two sons. The defendant now wants the interim maintenance to cease with effect
from June 2012. The plaintiff is challenging for the care and control of the
children.

5 I note that the plaintiff claimed that the children were “snatched” away
from her when she was in the USA pursuing her further studies, and that
Singapore is not the natural home of the children. However, I did not have the
impression that the children have difficulty living here. I interviewed both
children. They seemed intelligent and well adjusted. They were articulate and
evinced a clear preference to stay with their father in Singapore and were
happy to visit their mother from time to time in the USA. When they did visit
her they spent most of the time there with her either in the family home, or
in the plaintiff’s boyfriend’s home in Michigan. I am of the view that the
children’s welfare at home and in school would be best maintained without
disruption. Accordingly, I am of the view that the plaintiff and defendant
should have joint custody with care and control to the defendant. The
plaintiff shall have reasonable access including overseas access during the
school holidays.

6 As to the division of matrimonial assets, I note that the assets were not
much more different than they were when the parties entered into the Deed.
Although this court is not bound by the Deed, I am of the view that the deed
was negotiated fairly even though the plaintiff now says that it was forced
upon her. The plaintiff was content with the terms for more than 16 months.
She became dissatisfied only after the attempt at reconciliation failed.
Accordingly, I am of the view that with some adjustments by way of the lump
sum maintenance, the matrimonial assets as divided under the Deed should
remain undisturbed. I had taken into account the plaintiff’s claim that the
Deed was unfairly drafted by the defendant and that she did not sign it
willingly. However, she was initially advised by her previous solicitor to try
and execute a separation agreement to avert the messiness of a battle over the
ancillaries. There was no other evidence to prove her allegation that the
defendant deceived her into signing the Deed. It may be that the Deed was
drawn up after reconciliation failed, but the plaintiff had not challenged it
reasonably quickly. In any event, bearing in mind the earning capacity of the
parties, and the value of the major assets (being the three real properties,
one in Singapore and two in the USA), as well as the respective contributions
of which almost all were by the defendant, the terms of the Deed did not seem
unfair.

7 Given the circumstances, and taking into account the length of their
marriage, and their ages, I am of the view that the defendant be ordered to
pay a lump sum maintenance to the plaintiff calculated at $3,500 a month over
nine years, but rounding up to $380,000. The defendant is to maintain the two
sons solely. For the reasons above, I also order that the parties to have
joint custody of both children with care and control to the defendant and
reasonable access including overseas stay to the plaintiff. The other terms
under the Deed will not be disturbed. I will hear parties on costs at a later
date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

