Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Peng Mong _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 229

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 21 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 October 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Chay Pin Victor and Lew Chen Chen (Chambers Law LLP)
for the appellant; Sanjna Rai (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Public
Prosecutor.  
Parties| :|  Tan Peng Mong — Public Prosecutor  
  
31 October 2013|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was a case in which a taxi driver assaulted his passenger. The accused
taxi driver was convicted in the District Court on two charges. The first was
voluntarily causing hurt and the second was using criminal force, under ss 323
and 352 respectively of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). He was
sentenced to 10 days’ imprisonment on the first charge and a fine of $1,000 on
the second. The accused appealed against conviction and sentence while the
prosecution appealed against sentence. At the conclusion of the hearing I
dismissed the appeals of the accused and the prosecution. I write these
grounds of decision primarily to explain why I did not accept the
prosecution’s argument that two decisions cited by the learned DPP, read
together, lay down a standard sentence of 4 weeks’ imprisonment for “simple
assaults” committed by public transport workers against their passengers.

2 But first I should narrate the facts and explain briefly why I dismissed the
accused’s appeal against conviction. In the late afternoon of 29 October 2011,
the accused, then 57 years of age, picked up a couple in his taxi, a male
Caucasian aged 36 and his wife aged 27. During the journey there was recurrent
disagreement between the accused and the male passenger concerning the
temperature at which the air-conditioning was set. This eventually resulted in
the male passenger’s embellishing a request to decrease the temperature with
the expostulation “for fuck’s sake”. The trial judge found that the accused
then became more aggressive in his manner. As the taxi neared the passengers’
destination, the accused asked, “You got balls? You got balls?” and told them
that he was taking them somewhere other than their destination. He proceeded
to navigate the taxi to the extreme right lane. While the taxi was stopped at
a red light, the passengers alighted and stood on the road divider. The
accused followed at once. The trial judge found that the accused grabbed the
male passenger’s throat, which was the act giving rise to the charge of using
criminal force. The male passenger reacted by pushing the accused away, which
caused the accused to fall and fracture his left wrist. The trial judge
further found that while the male passenger attended to his wife, the accused
recovered, took hold of the male passenger’s jumper with his injured left hand
and with his right hand swung an umbrella that hit the male passenger over the
left ear. This was the act giving rise to the charge of voluntarily causing
hurt. The police were called, and when they arrived they found the accused a
distance away from the passengers shouting at them.

3 Having gone through the record, I cannot say that the trial judge’s findings
of fact were against the weight of the evidence. It cannot be doubted that
there was an altercation of some sort before the police arrived, and the
remaining question was what exactly happened in the altercation, to which
question only the accused and his passengers knew the answer. Thus this case
largely depended on an assessment of the credibility of the accused and the
passengers, which assessment the trial judge is better-placed than the
appellate court to make. Addressing the arguments that the defence put forward
on appeal, I did not think that the failure to recover the umbrella which the
accused allegedly used damaged the prosecution’s case to any substantial
extent, and I thought that the injuries reported by the doctor who examined
the male passenger the same night were consistent with the injuries to be
expected from having been grabbed by the throat and hit on the left temple
with an umbrella. I also thought it entirely believable that the accused
should be able to take hold of the male passenger’s jumper with his left hand
despite having fractured his left wrist moments before. For these reasons I
did not interfere with the findings of fact below and upheld the conviction.

4 On the question of sentence, the prosecution’s argument which these grounds
of decision are meant to address relied on _Wong Hoi Len v Public Prosecutor_
[2009] 1 SLR(R) 115 (“ _Wong Hoi Len_ ”) and _Public Prosecutor v Heng Swee
Weng_ [2010] 1 SLR 954 (“ _Heng Swee Weng_ ”). In _Wong Hoi Len_ , a passenger
pushed and punched a taxi driver and was convicted on a charge of voluntarily
causing hurt under s 323 of the Penal Code. The court there held at [20] that
the “starting benchmark for a simple assault” on a public transport worker
would be “a custodial sentence of around four weeks”. In _Heng Swee Weng_ , a
taxi driver was convicted on a charge of outrage of modesty under s 354 of the
Penal Code. He touched the hand of his passenger, a 15-year-old girl, took her
to a place other than her intended destination, and when she alighted followed
her out of the taxi and hugged her. The court agreed at [16] that taxi drivers
were in a “special position _vis-à-vis_ their passengers” in that they are
entrusted with the safety of the passenger and the custody of his property. He
went on to say at [18] that “the protection accorded to one side of the
[service frontline] must, as a matter of logic, be also extended to the other
side”, which meant that “just as public transport workers deserve special
protection” when they are victims of crime, so public transport workers who
abuse the trust passengers place in them deserve “particular denunciation”.
The prosecution argued that it followed that where a public transport worker
committed a simple assault against a passenger, the starting point for such an
offence should likewise be about four weeks’ imprisonment. I have no
disagreement with what was held in these two cases.

5 In my view, the prosecution’s argument here was not on the same point. I
accepted that offences committed by public transport workers against their
passengers might merit “particular denunciation” by reason of the position of
trust that these workers occupy in relation to their passengers. For the
duration of the ride, public transport workers are in sole control of where
their passengers go, and their presence together in an enclosed space can make
it difficult for passengers to escape when public transport workers commit
offences against them — in the same way that it could make it difficult for
these workers to escape offences committed against them by their passengers.
Hence, when public transport workers commit offences against their passengers,
their culpability is generally — although not invariably — higher than that of
persons who commit the same offences against strangers. But I did not think it
means that offences committed by public transport workers against their
passengers ought to be punished as severely as offences committed by
passengers against the workers. There are a few reasons for this. First, as V
K Rajah JA (“Rajah JA”) said in _Wong Hoi Len_ at [18], offences against
public transport workers compromise their “right to work in a safe and secure
environment” and for that reason warrant enhanced sanction. In contrast,
offences by these workers against their passengers do not involve undermining
such a right. Second, offences against public transport workers are likely to
have an adverse effect on the provision of a public service in that such
offences may discourage people from taking up employment in the public
transport sector, when to begin with many people find such employment an
unattractive prospect given the hours and the pay. A decrease in the number of
public transport workers would reduce the capacity of the public transport
system to serve the public. Third, Rajah JA’s starting sentence of four weeks’
imprisonment for voluntarily causing hurt to public transport workers must be
taken in the context, at [10]–[11] of _Wong Hoi Len_ , of an increasing
frequency, to a worrying degree, of offences committed against these workers.
There appears to be no similar frequency of offences committed by public
transport workers against their passengers, and consequently no similar need
for general deterrence in sentencing for these offences.

6 In the present case, the accused’s position as a taxi driver increased his
culpability in that, being in sole control of where his passengers went, he
took them away from where they wanted to go and thus caused them distress.
Further, as a direct consequence of his veering away from their destination,
they found themselves stranded in the middle of the road and vulnerable to the
accused’s assault. Hence I did not think that a sentence of ten days’
imprisonment on the charge of voluntarily causing hurt was manifestly
excessive. However, I did not think it was manifestly inadequate either. I
agreed with the trial judge’s view that this was not a particularly serious
assault, and that there were a number of other factors which called for
leniency towards the accused and which the judge below had taken into account.
I therefore dismissed both the accused’s and prosecution’s appeals against
sentence.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Oct 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

