Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Seah Hock Thiam _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 136

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 293 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Davinder Singh SC, Pardeep Singh Khosa and Vishal Harnal
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant; David Chew, Kelvin Kow, Victor Lim and
Grace Lim (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Seah Hock Thiam — Public Prosecutor  
  
19 July 2013| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The traffic police served a request for the personal particulars on two
parties, namely one Ong Pang Aik (“Ong”) and Scorpio East Entertainment Pte
Ltd (“Scorpio”) in relation to parking offences committed on 12 August 2009
along Simon Road. The traffic police received replies indicating that the
identities of the drivers involved were Salami bin Badrus and Rosniwati bte
Jumani. However, they were not the real offenders but persons engaged by one
Mohamad Azmi Bin Abdul Wahab (“Mohamad Azmi”) to take the place of the real
offenders Ong and Ho Ah Huat (“Ho”), the latter was the owner of Scorpio at
the material time. Mohamad Azmi was the personal driver of the appellant and
his evidence was crucial in the trial in which the appellant was convicted of
two charges (DAC No 35949 and 35950 of 2011) of abetting Mohamad Azmi to
pervert the course of justice by engaging two persons to assume the criminal
liability of Ong and Ho, an offence under s 204A read with s 109 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”). The appellant claimed trial
but was convicted and sentenced to six weeks’ imprisonment for each charge.
The two sentences of imprisonment were ordered to run concurrently. The
appellant appealed against conviction and sentence before me.

2 On appeal, counsel for the appellant, Mr Davinder Singh SC, argued that the
convictions were wrong and ought to be set aside. Mr Singh submitted that the
trial judge had wrongly taken into consideration a statement made by the
appellant to principal special investigator Terence Gue of the Corrupt
Practices Investigation Bureau (“the CPIB”). The statement was recorded on 4
May 2010. The statement, referred to as “D1” in the court below, was tendered
by the appellant in a redacted version, and was admitted into evidence by the
trial judge. The appellant’s case on this point was that incriminatory parts
of a statement recorded from the appellant by special investigator Michael Oh
of the CPIB on 11 May 2010, referred to as “P7” in the court below, had been
copied verbatim from D1 and incorporated into P7. Mr Singh submitted that D1
was a statement recorded after s 27 of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap
241, Rev Ed 1993) (“the PCA”), a notice to provide information to an officer
of the CPIB, had been read to the appellant, whereas P7 was a statement
recorded in the course of a police investigation into an offence under the
Penal Code, and was governed by the provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code
2010 (Act 15 of 2010) (“the CPC 2010”). Since the CPC 2010 provides a
protection against self-incrimination per s 22(2), Mr Singh’s point was that
unprotected and incriminatory information from D1, was thus grafted by a “copy
and paste job” onto P7. This, he argued, rendered P7 akin to unlawfully
obtained evidence and the trial judge was thus wrong to have given full weight
to P7.

3 It seems to me that some portions in P7 were identical to D1 and the
coincidences concerning typographical errors were too great such that I am led
to conclude that there was a “copy and paste” exercise carried out by Michael
Oh, the CPIB officer who recorded P7. However, I am of the view that this did
not render P7 flawed to the extent that the trial judge ought not to have
admitted it into evidence. A mere copying from D1 to P7 was not sufficient
reason to render P7 unlawful evidence. First, modern technology enables
expediency with the aid of “copy and paste” applications. It will be a
backward step to insist that recording officers are not permitted to use such
applications. Secondly, and more importantly, what is relevant is that the
person signing the completed s 22 statement recognises and understands it as
his statement. Once he has acknowledged it, as the appellant had done in this
case with P7, the statement, whether it was cut and pasted or recorded afresh,
will be his statement. That statement is admissible unless it is proven to be
given under a threat, inducement or promise. In this case, Mr Naidu, counsel
for the appellant at the trial, accepted that P7 was voluntarily given. On
appeal, Mr Singh submitted that while this was so, P7 was not read and
translated to the appellant before he signed it which would affect the weight
accorded to it by the trial judge. This same issue was also raised at trial in
Michael Oh and the appellant’s testimonies. In my review of the evidence and
in spite of Mr Singh’s forceful arguments, I am of the opinion that P7 was
properly admitted by the trial judge.

4 Furthermore, the material parts, that is to say the parts that incriminated
the appellant, were not substantively identical to the portions in D1 and were
thus obviously not the parts that were copied and pasted into P7. Also, there
was information in P7 that was not present in D1. When the appellant was
cross-examined at trial as to why he had signed P7 if it had not been read
back to him, his answer to that and the subsequent questions did not impress
the trial judge. I am thus of the view that the “copy and paste” objection to
P7 is unsustainable and that there was no error on the part of the trial judge
in admitting P7 and consequently relying on it.

5 I have considered Mr Singh’s submission that the trial judge convicted the
appellant on insufficient evidence and am of the view that the trial judge had
ample evidence to find as he did. Counsel’s arguments as to the implausibility
of the facts constituting the offence therefore failed to persuade me. The
appeal against conviction is therefore dismissed.

6 I shall now consider the appeal against sentence. S 204A of the Penal Code
provides that:

Whoever intentionally obstructs, prevents, perverts or defeats the course of
justice shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 7
years, or with fine, or with both.

Section 109 of the Penal Code provides that:

Whoever abets any offence shall, if the act abetted is committed in
consequence of the abetment, and no express provision is made by this codes
for the punishment of such abetment, be punished with the punishment provided
for the offence.

The words “obstructs, prevents, perverts or defeats” of s 204A convey the
legislative intention of casting slightly different shades of the same
meaning. Each word is sufficient to constitute an offence under s 204A
although this offence is popularly referred to by lawyers as the offence of
“perverting the course of justice”. There is no need to add fresh words to
these four simple words as their meanings are clear. In this case, two men
parked illegally along a road. They were duly booked and subjected to a fine
of up to $120 each and three demerit points against their licences. Justice
requires that the right offender is punished. Hence, when a person intervenes
to have someone else other than the real offenders pay the fines and suffer
the demerit points, justice is perverted.

7 On the facts of the present case, every one of the persons involved
contributed to the offence of perverting the course of justice They were: the
two men, Ong (who drove a Maserati Gran Turino) and Ho (who drove a Porsche
911 Turbo); the two persons who took their places; Mohamad Azmi who procured
their services; and the appellant who instructed Mohamad Azmi Whether they
would be prosecuted is entirely a matter of the Public Prosecutor’s
discretion. How each individual would differ in the extent of culpability
depend on the facts and circumstances of the individual offender and also a
matter of the discretion of the sentencing court. Hence, on appeal, unless
there are reasons to hold that the sentence was manifestly excessive, the
appellate court would not disturb the sentence imposed. Antecedent cases show
varying sentences according to the offence and the circumstances, an example
of which is the set of cases reported as _Public Prosecutor v Leung Man Kwan_
[2009] SGDC 458 and _Public Prosecutor v Tay Su Ann Evangeline_ [2011] SGDC
57. Tay was arrested for driving without a licence and failing to stop at a
traffic light. She paid $1,000 to Leung to accept criminal liability on her
behalf. Tay was convicted under a s 204A charge and fined $2,000. Leung was
convicted under the same charge, and sentenced to three months’ imprisonment.
There seemed to be strong mitigating factors in favour of Tay, including her
youth (she was 19 at the time of the offence) and her clinically diagnosed
depression at the time of the offence. On the other hand, Leung’s sentence of
three months’ imprisonment seemed to be a reflection of the court’s view that
the offences committed by the principal (Tay) were serious traffic violations.

8 The predicate offence in the present case was similar to what Leung did in
the abovementioned case. Both cases concerned a third party assuming liability
for traffic violations resulting in the culprit escaping punishment. The only
material difference was that in the present case, the traffic offences in
question were illegal parking by a public road. The offences here were less
serious than the offences committed by Leung’s principal, Tay. In Tay’s case,
driving without a licence and beating a red light at a traffic junction were
serious offences with the former potentially attracting a custodial sentence.
Thus, in determining the extent of wrongdoing, the nature of the principal’s
offence is relevant. The more serious it is, the more serious the act of
perverting the course of justice will be in relation to it. In the present
case, the summonses in respect of the offences of Ong and Ho carried three
demerit points and a fine of $120 each.

9 The appellant claimed that he merely asked his personal driver Mohamad Azmi
to “take care of it”, meaning that Azmi was to only pay the composition fine
from the petty cash that Azmi was entrusted with. The trial judge disbelieved
this defence and I see no reason to upset his findings and conviction of the
appellant. However, in view of the fact that the offences committed by Ong and
Ho were parking offences, I am of the view that it would be too harsh to place
them at the same level of culpability as people who had committed much more
serious traffic offences. In this case, I am of the view that six weeks’
imprisonment is excessive. In other similar cases where there might be more
persuasive mitigation, a fine might even suffice. In the circumstances of the
present case, I see no such mitigation other than the general good conduct of
the appellant. Furthermore, it was obvious from the facts that the appellant
and his sports car riding friends were wealthy offenders in which a fine would
be of little deterrence. What would deter them were demerit points – and a
short custodial sentence. For these reasons, I am of the view that the term of
imprisonment be varied from six weeks to one week.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

