Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lee Koon (by her attorneys Seah Teong Kang and Seah Chiew Tee) v Seah Yong
Chwan (executor of the estate of Seah Eng Teow, deceased)  
[2013] SGHC 285

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 875 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 December 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Earnest Lau and Tan Tian Luh (Chancery Law Corporation)
for the plaintiff; Tay Yong Seng and Alexander Yeo (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lee Koon (by her attorneys Seah Teong Kang and Seah Chiew Tee) —
Seah Yong Chwan (executor of the estate of Seah Eng Teow, deceased)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 40 of
2014 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 10 September 2015. See [2015]
SGCA 48.]

30 December 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 The issue in this case is whether a specific bequest of company shares made
under a will was defeated by the winding up of that company so that the
liquidation surplus paid out in relation to those shares falls into the
residue of the estate. If so, the plaintiff is entitled to the entire surplus
as she is the residuary beneficiary under the will, even though she was a
specific legatee of only some of those shares.

2 On 7 November 2013, I heard arguments from the parties and thereafter
reserved judgment. That same evening, solicitors for the defendant wrote to
the Registry of the Supreme Court requesting leave to make further arguments.
On 11 November 2013, solicitors for the plaintiff wrote to object to the
defendant’s request. I declined to hear further arguments and now give my
judgment.

The facts

3 The plaintiff is the widow of one Seah Eng Teow (“the Deceased”). She is now
83 years old and is suing by her attorneys, her elder son Seah Teong Kang
(“Teong Kang”) and her daughter Seah Chiew Tee (“Chiew Tee”). The defendant is
her younger son and executor of the Deceased’s estate.

4 The Deceased owned 1.2 million shares (“the Shares”) in Teow Aik Realty (S)
Pte Ltd (“the Company”). The Company was incorporated on 2 March 1983 and had
a paid up capital of $5m in the form of 5 million shares of $1 each. It was
evidently a family owned and run company. The shareholders who were also the
directors were:

(a) Teong Kang: 1.8 million shares

(b) Chiew Tee: 200,000 shares

(c) The Deceased: 1.2 million shares

(d) The defendant: 1.8 million shares

5 By way of a will dated 19 December 2007 (“the Will”), the Deceased
bequeathed his 1.2 million Shares in the following manner: 1,000,000 to the
defendant; 100,000 to the plaintiff and 100,000 to Chiew Tee. These were what
I will term the “specific legatees” of the Shares. The plaintiff was also
named the residuary beneficiary of the estate. There were other bequests that
are not material.

6 On 17 December 2007, which I note was just two days _before_ the execution
of the Will, the Company’s shareholders applied to put it into winding up. The
High Court granted the application and ordered winding up on 22 July 2008;
winding up was completed on 19 June 2013. There was a liquidation surplus to
be distributed to the members of 15.488 cents per share. On 30 May 2012, a
total of $177,550.95 (“the Sum”) in surplus was paid to the estate of the
Deceased as the Deceased had passed away earlier, on 2 March 2011. It was not
disputed that the Shares were never transferred to the legatees at any time.

7 In June 2012, the defendant sent to the plaintiff and Chiew Tee each a
cheque for $15,488, being the liquidation surplus received in respect of each
of their entitlements to the Shares under the Will. The defendant claimed the
remainder of the Sum. Neither the plaintiff nor Chiew Tee ever accepted the
cheques. Instead the plaintiff demanded the entire Sum. She asserted her claim
as the residual beneficiary. She said she had been willed Shares and so she
could get only Shares; the surplus from liquidation was not the same as the
Shares. All of this surplus should have fallen into the residuary estate of
the Deceased and thereby have come to her in full.

8 Chiew Tee, who is currently living with and looking after the plaintiff,
accepted that she was not entitled to any money, but said the entire Sum
should be paid to the plaintiff to be used for her upkeep and medical
expenses. She filed an affidavit to that effect. Her brother, Teong Kang, who
together with her is looking after the plaintiff in her old age, also filed a
brief affidavit in support.

9 The defendant filed an affidavit. He averred that the liquidation surplus
from the Shares of 15.488 cents per share was a gross value, and after
adjustments for sums due and from the estate, the net payment came to about
14.796 cents per share. Nevertheless he was willing to pay to the plaintiff
and his sister Chiew Tee the gross value of their share of the Shares and did
in fact send them cheques for that amount at 15.488 cents per share. He said
that on 28 March 2013, he had received a letter of demand from the plaintiff
stating that she was entitled to the entire Sum. The defendant said he
disagreed and sent a fresh cheque for $15,488 as the previous one had been
issued more than six months previously.

10 On 18 September 2013, the plaintiff filed this originating summons for a
declaration that the Sum forms part of the residuary estate and for a
consequential order that the defendant transfer the Sum to the plaintiff
forthwith. On 26 September 2013, the defendant sent a third fresh cheque for
$15,488 as both of the previous cheques had by then lapsed. None of the
cheques were ever accepted.

The plaintiff’s case

11 The plaintiff says that under cl 3(ii) of the Will the specified legatees
were supposed to be given the Shares and not the moneys realised on
liquidation that were paid out to shareholders in their aliquot shares. Clause
3(ii) reads:

(ii) I give and bequeath my 1,200,000 shares in [the Company] to the persons
set out below:-

(a) Seah Yong Chwan (son) – 1,000,000 shares

(b) Lee Koon (wife) – 100,000 shares

(c) Seah Chiew Tee (daughter) – 100,000 shares

12 The plaintiff says the defendant and executor could not pay over the
liquidation surplus in lieu of the Shares themselves because the plaintiff and
Chiew Tee were entitled to the Shares _in specie_ and the liquidation surplus
represented a distinct type of property to which they were not entitled. A
shareholder in a winding up is not the legal or beneficial owner of the
surplus funds in liquidation. He has no proprietary interest in them. Further,
this surplus is not a debt or a chose in action but constitutes a type of
property distinct from shares. The plaintiff relies on _Re Jiangshan
Investment Consortium Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 614 (“ _Re
Jiangshan_ ”) at [25] and [29] as authority for this proposition:

25 There is an Australian decision that discusses the legal nature of a
surplus that is held by a liquidator after all the debts of a wound up company
have been settled. This decision adopts the principle in the _Spence_ case and
provides further support for the proposition that the liquidator in such a
situation would not be the debtor of the contributories who are entitled to
payment of that surplus and that there is no debt relationship between the
two. In _Webb v The Federal Commissioner of Taxation_ (1922) 30 CLR 450, a
highly profitable no-liability company went into voluntary liquidation
pursuant to a scheme of reconstruction, and a new limited liability company
was incorporated. The court was invited, for the purposes of tax assessment to
consider whether the shares allotted to the members of the old company were
"profit or bonus credited or paid" by the old company to the members within
the meaning of the relevant taxation statute. Although the ratio of the case
is not relevant for our purposes, the court made observations on whether the
nature of a surplus was such that it amounted to a debt between a company and
its members. At 479–480 of its judgment, the court said:

But, at all events, “profits credited or paid” are, as it seems to me, pointed
to “profits” which have in some way been made a debt by the company to the
shareholder, &c. In the case of a shareholder, that would be by a “dividend or
bonus” — or even by "interest" used in the sense of distribution of profits.
But the declaration of a “dividend” creates a debt ... Where there is no debt,
or “debit”, the word “credit” or the word “pay” in relation to profits is
meaningless, for there is nothing calling for payment and there is no balance
to be struck. And in its essence the distribution of surplus assets in winding
up creates nothing in the nature of a debt by the company to anybody (see
_Spence v Coleman_). Nor is it a payment. The debts owing by the company have
been paid; the debts owing to the company are gathered in; the contributories’
positions are equalized or are as agreed; and the property of the company
falls to be divided, not by the corporation, but among the corporators, for
the company has itself ceased to have any use for it since its undertaking is
at an end ... and it is on the road to dissolution.

…

29 Mr Ng also made an argument to the effect that the Deed could be recognised
as an equitable assignment in favour of the designated recipients. I think
that there are difficulties with this argument because the law, as stated
above, is that the surplus in the hands of the liquidator is not a debt that
he owes any of the contributories. If it is not a debt, it is not a chose in
action and it seems to me would not be assignable. I do not have to decide
this point, however, since I have already accepted that the Deed is an
effective payment instruction in the same way as Form 52 would be.

13 The plaintiff says that as the surplus is neither a debt nor a chose in
action, it follows that liquidation surplus funds have their own unique
proprietary identity. The specific legatee, in order to become entitled to
this surplus, must therefore already be either the legal or beneficial owner
of the Shares at the point in time the surplus became available for
distribution. But the specific legatees never become either legal or equitable
owners of the Shares due to the operation of s 259 of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”) which reads:

**Avoidance of dispositions of property, etc.**

259\. Any disposition of the property of the company, including things in
action, _and any transfer of shares_ or alteration in the status of the
members of the company made after the commencement of the winding up by the
Court shall unless the Court otherwise orders be void. [emphasis added]

As no court order was ever obtained, no legal title could be or was
transferred.

14 Nor could beneficial ownership pass to the specific legatees. The plaintiff
relies on _Re Fry_ [1946] Ch 312 (“ _Re Fry_ ”) for the proposition that where
a transferor is required by statute to obtain prior approval before there can
be a share transfer, no beneficial right to the shares can pass to the
intended donee until such approval is obtained. This follows from the
principle that equity will not perfect an imperfect gift. The plaintiff says
that such approval was required under s 259 of the CA and this was not
obtained. Therefore as a specific legatee under the will, she could not hold
beneficial title to her share of the Shares under the rule in _Re Fry_. And
because the plaintiff never obtained beneficial interest in the Shares, there
was no interest that could be traced into the proceeds thereof.

15 The plaintiff says that while the Shares remained in the estate, she could
not in any case have obtained legal or equitable title to them until
executorial duties were completed and this could not be done until the
executor had obtained a court order under s 259 CA. Until execution is
complete, the plaintiff argues, the unadministered assets of an estate do not
constitute a trust fund to be held by the executor for the beneficiaries.

16 For these reasons, the plaintiff says that the gift had failed and that the
entire Sum therefore fell into the residuary estate of the Deceased. Under cl
4 of the Will, the rest and residue of the Deceased’s properties was to be
gathered in and sold and the net proceeds paid to the plaintiff. She is
therefore the residuary beneficiary and entitled to the whole of the Sum.

The defendant’s case

17 It seems that initially, the defendant was under the impression that the
plaintiff’s claim was that there had been an ademption of the gift of the
Shares. This was on the basis that the plaintiff’s letter of demand of 28
February 2013 to the defendant had stated: “In the premises, it would appear
that there is an ademption of the shares.”

18 In the hearing before me it was clarified that there was no issue of
ademption. Ademption of a specific gift occurs when the subject matter of a
gift is disposed of or destroyed before the will takes effect, or when it
ceases to conform to the description by which it is given, or when the nature
of the gift has changed its character: see _Low Gim Har v Low Gim Siah_ [1992]
1 SLR(R) 970 (“ _Low Gim Har_ ”) at [58]. The parties accepted that the Shares
had not been adeemed because when the Deceased passed away on 2 March 2011,
the Shares were still extant, albeit the Company was then in the process of
winding up. But this did not destroy the Shares or change their nature or
description.

19 On the plaintiff’s substantive claim, the defendant says that the effect of
the Company’s winding up was to turn its shareholders into contributories who
were entitled to participate in the liquidators’ distribution of the surplus
assets of the Company, after its assets have been gathered in and realised and
all its debts and other liabilities, including the cost of winding up, have
been discharged.

20 The defendant then relies on the case of _Low Gim Har_ as being on all
fours with the present case. The facts were as follows. The testator (“LYK”)
willed all his shares in a company (“HCKK”) to certain beneficiaries and also
willed that the residue of his estate was to be divided equally between his
wife and sons. On 17 October 1983, the shareholders of HCKK passed a special
resolution to wind up a company; this was a voluntary winding up. LYK became
terminally ill and in May 1985 he entered into a shareholders’ agreement with
the other shareholders of HCKK to divide the immovable properties of HCKK in a
specified manner. Certain of those properties were allocated to LYK but were
not transferred to him before he died on 31 May 1985. The question before Chan
Sek Keong J (as he then was) was whether those properties formed part of the
shares specifically bequeathed (and therefore should go to the specific
legatees thereof) or should fall instead into the residuary estate. In the
event, it was held that the properties should go to the specific legatees of
the shares. The passage on which the defendant places great reliance is at
[60] which reads as follows:

… Under s 18 of the Wills Act (Cap 352), a will speaks from the date of death
and accordingly, the court must construe the will on the basis that when LYK
bequeathed his shares in HCKK to the cl 9 beneficiaries, he must have intended
to bequeath to them the shares with whatever rights that arise from or in
connection with ownership of such shares. These rights of ownership included
the right to call for the distribution of the immovable properties as the
aliquot shares of the beneficial owners of the shares in the undistributed
assets of HCKK at the date of LYK's death. …

21 Chan J therefore held that the properties should be transferred _in specie_
to the specific legatees to whom the company’s shares were bequeathed by will
instead of falling into the residue of the estate.

My decision

22 I am satisfied that because of the operation of s 259 of the CA the
specific legatees were never the legal or beneficial owners of the Shares. But
I do not think it follows that the specific legatees did not have any kind of
interest in the liquidation surplus distributed in relation to the Shares so
that the gift should fail.

23 The first thing to establish is the nature of a shareholder’s interest in
the liquidation surplus. Section 121 of the CA provides that a share is
movable and not immovable property. A share does not confer in the holder
either legal or beneficial interest in the property of the company; what the
shareholder gets instead is a bundle of rights: a right to participate in the
company on the terms of its memorandum and articles of association while the
company is a going concern; and if and when the company is wound up, a right
to participate in the distribution of the assets of the company after all its
debts have been paid: see _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, Rev 3rd Ed, 2009) at para 11.5.

24 In _Low Gim Har_ , LYK’s rights as a shareholder were identified as
follows, at [55]–[56]:

55 In my view, until the immovable properties were actually distributed, the
shareholders had the right to require the liquidator to do otherwise. It must
therefore follow that since LYK's properties had not been transferred to him
on 27 May 1985, he was entitled and was in a position to change his mind at
any time before his death to accept the relevant properties _in specie_. The
shareholders’ agreement bound him to the other shareholders in respect of the
properties allocated to each of them, but it did not bind him in respect of
the properties allocated to him. He could have expressly directed TBH not to
effect the transfers of the relevant properties. He could have indirectly
frustrated the whole exercise by refusing to pay any calls by TBH or the
equality money payable in respect of the properties.

56 In my view, that right of revocation remained as part of LYK's right of
ownership of his shares at the date of his death. At the highest, there was a
revocable trust in respect of the relevant properties. If that were the case,
then the relevant properties were still in the disposal of LYK before he died.
There is no authority that the doctrine of conversion operates in such a case.
There is no principle of which I am aware which demands a conversion in these
circumstances. There is no need for equity to call into existence any
equitable rights in this situation between LYK and HCKK. As between them, the
legal titles of the relevant properties remained vested in HCKK until they
were actually and effectively distributed to LYK or his estate after his
death. Until distribution, there was no need to distinguish between HCKK's
legal and beneficial titles in them. The right to call for the transfers of
the relevant properties subsisted. The right to direct the liquidator to sell
them and distribute the proceeds of sale to them also subsisted. As was said
by Lord Radcliffe in _Livingston_ 's case ([35] supra), the court will control
the liquidator in the use of his rights over the relevant properties.

25 What _Low Gim Har_ did not discuss fully was the question of how “the right
to call for the distribution of the immovable properties as the aliquot shares
of the beneficial owners of the shares in the undistributed assets of HCKK at
the date of LYK’s death” (_Low Gim Har_ at [60]) could result in the specific
legatee of the shares becoming entitled to that property.

26 I think _Low Gim Har_ implicitly assumed – which I think is correct – that
because this right or chose in action necessarily carries with it the right to
receive the fruits of the chose in action once ascertained, the holder of the
chose in action obtains some kind of “interest” in the fruits of the chose in
action once ascertained. This chose in action along with the “interest” then
devolves in the normal way to the specific legatee under the will who thereby
obtains an “interest” in the fruits of the chose in action notwithstanding
that legal or beneficial ownership in the shares has not passed.

27 I find support for this conclusion in the case of _Re Leigh’s Will Trusts_
[1970] Ch 277 (“ _Re Leigh_ ”). There a testatrix bequeathed to a legatee “all
shares which I hold and any other interest or assets which I may have in Sheet
Metal Prefabricators (Battersea) Ltd for his absolute use and benefit.” The
testatrix never had those shares, interests or assets but at the time of death
was the sole beneficiary of her intestate late husband’s unadministered
estate, which did include 51 shares in that company as well as a debt due from
the company. Buckley J at 281 held that those shares and the debt were
properly disposed to the legatee by the testatrix’s will and referred to
_Commissioner of Stamp Duties (Queensland) v Livingston_ [1965] AC 694 (“
_Livingston_ ”) as establishing the following four propositions:

(1) [T]he entire ownership of the property comprised in the estate of a
deceased person which remains unadministered is in the deceased’s legal
personal representative for the purposes of administration without any
differentiation between legal and equitable interests; (2) no residuary legato
or person entitled upon the intestacy of the deceased has any proprietary
interest in any particular asset comprised in the unadministered estate of the
deceased; (3) each such legato or person so entitled is entitled to a chose in
action, _viz_. a right to require the deceased’s estate to be duly
administered, whereby he can protect those rights to which he hopes to become
entitled in possession in the due course of the administration of the
deceased’s estate; (4) each such legato or person so entitled has a
transmissible interest in the estate, notwithstanding that it remains
unadministered.

28 I do not think that these propositions are controversial. Buckley J then
held, at 282:

This transmissible or disposable interest can, I think, only consist of the
chose in action in question with such rights and interests as it carries in
grimy, that is to say, the right to which Lord Radcliffe refers in
[_Livingston_], in his comment, at pp. 712, 713, on _McCaughey v. Commissioner
of Stamp Duties_ (1945) 46 S.R., N.S.W. 192. If a person entitled to such a
chose in action can transmit or assign it, _such transmission or assignment
must carry with it the right to receive the fruits of the chose in action when
they mature._ The chose in action itself may be incapable of severance, but I
can see no reason why a person entitled to such a chose in action should not
so dispose of it through the medium of a trustee in such a way that the right
to participate in its fruits is given to several beneficiaries either in
fractional shares or by any other method of division that a trustee or the
court can carry out. [emphasis added]

29 I agree. The person to whom the choses in action were transmitted or
assigned has the right also to receive the fruits of that chose in action. It
can be said that arising from this right he has obtained some kind of
“interest” in those fruits. The exact nature of that “interest” is not, I
think, entirely clear but it is not an interest that rises to the level of a
proprietary beneficial interest. In _Official Receiver In Bankruptcy v
Schultz_ (1990) CLR 306, the High Court of Australia approved _Re Leigh_ and
discussed such an “interest” in the following terms, at 313–314:

The right which any beneficiary has in an unadministered estate springs from
the duty of the executor to administer the estate, to preserve the assets and
to deal with them in the proper manner. Each beneficiary has an interest in
seeing that the whole of the assets are treated in accordance with the
executor's duties. In that sense, the beneficiaries as a class may be said to
have an interest in the entire estate. But it does not follow that each piece
of property which goes to make up the estate is held on a particular trust for
the beneficiary named as its intended recipient upon completion of
administration: _Horton v. Jones_ [1935] HCA 7; (1935) 53 CLR 475, at p 486.
Whether or not the estate is held on a trust for the beneficiaries as a class
in the usual sense in which the word "trust" is used, so as to confer a
specific proprietary interest, as distinct from a general, non-specific
interest, upon all beneficiaries, is not something which arises for
consideration in this case.

Nevertheless, Mrs Schultz acquired upon the death of Mrs Pereira a right to
have the deceased estate administered in accordance with the duties of the
executors. Though not the legal or equitable owner of the assets which were
the subject of the devise and bequest in her favour, she had, by virtue of the
chose in action created by that devise and bequest, an expectation that the
assets would pass to her upon completion of the administration, subject to
their being realized to meet any outstanding liabilities and to defray the
costs of administration, and an interest in respect of those assets. _That
interest was derived from and dependent upon the chose in action. The interest
is of such a kind that, when a beneficiary transmits a chose in action (or
part thereof), or that chose in action passes by operation of law, such as
under the Bankruptcy Act, that transmission naturally encompasses not only the
chose in action but also the expected fruits of that chose in action_ :
_Horton v. Jones; In re Leigh's Will Trusts_ (1970) Ch 277, at p 282.

[emphasis added]

30 In _Livingston_ , Viscount Radcliffe lamented the failure of the legal
language to develop the appropriate shades of meaning to include such a non-
proprietary “interest” as I have described, at 712–713:

Criticisms of this kind arise from the fact that the terminology of our legal
system has not produced a sufficient variety of words to represent the various
meanings which can be conveyed by the words “interest” and “property.” Thus
propositions are advanced or rebutted by the employment of terms that have not
in themselves a common basis of definition. For instance, there are two
passages quoted by the Chief Justice in his dissenting judgment in this case
which illustrate the confusion. There is the remark of Jordan C.J. in
_McCaughey_ 's case, “The idea that beneficiaries in an unadministered or
partially administered estate have no beneficial interest in the items which
go to make up the estate is repugnant to elementary and fundamental principles
of equity.” If “by beneficial interest in the items” it is intended to suggest
that such beneficiaries have any property right at all in any of those items,
the proposition cannot be accepted as either elementary or fundamental. It is,
as has been shown, contrary to the principles of equity. But, on the other
hand, if the meaning is only that such beneficiaries are not without legal
remedy during the course of administration to secure that the assets are
properly dealt with and the rights that they hope will accrue to them in the
future are safeguarded, the proposition is no doubt correct. _They can be
said, therefore, to have an interest in respect of the assets, or even a
beneficial interest in the assets, so long as it is understood in what sense
the word "interest" is used in such a context._ [emphasis added]

31 In _Re Hemming_ [2009] Ch 313, Mr Richard Snowdon QC, sitting as a Deputy
Judge of the High Court (“HHJ Snowdon QC”), had to decide the issue of
whether, if a sole residuary legatee under a will becomes bankrupt but is
automatically discharged from bankruptcy before the completion of the
administration of the estate of the testator, the money and assets which are
thereafter ascertained to form the net residuary estate are payable to him or
to his trustee in bankruptcy. This turned on whether the legacy could be said
to have come to him before he was discharged from bankruptcy. HHJ Snowden QC
followed _Re Leigh_ and _Livingston_ and ruled that the money and assets so
ascertained vested in the trustee in bankruptcy, concluding, at [61], that:

In summary, as I have indicated, the law has long recognised that a residuary
legatee has an immediate “interest” of some kind in the assets that will in
the future form the residuary estate of a testator. The precise nature of the
interest is unclear, but at very least it must give the holder of the interest
the right to receive the residue (if any) as and when ascertained.

32 If this is the correct position in the case where the assets or properties
have yet to be ascertained, it must apply _a fortiori_ where they have already
been ascertained and paid to the executor.

33 In _Low Gim Har_ this would mean that the allocated properties were to be
distributed to the specific legatees of the HCKK shares on the basis that the
specific legatees had an existing “interest” in the assets.

34 In the present case, what rights did the Deceased hold as a shareholder of
the Company at the time of his death? In my judgment, the basic right was to
participate in an aliquot share in the distribution of the liquidation surplus
and this must include the right to compel the liquidator to pay out the
ascertained surplus and consequently the right to receive the fruits of the
distribution of this surplus in aliquot shares. Upon his death, these rights
were transmitted to his personal representative. This is a transmission and
not a transfer which would be blocked by the operation of s 259 of the CA. The
position is stated in _Williams, Mortimer and Sunnucks on Executors,
Administrators and Probate_ (John Ross Martyn and Nicholas Caddick gen eds)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2008) at para 46–62:

On the death of a shareholder, legal title to the shares devolves
automatically to his representative (unless the shares are jointly held, in
which case it passes to the surviving holder). Such “transmission” being by
operation of law is not a “transfer” of shares by act of the parties, and so
does not require a proper instrument of transfer. Further the articles of a
company cannot circumvent this effect at law and purport to provide that some
other party, such as the widow of a deceased member, is entitled to the
shares. However, a company’s articles can and commonly do confirm that a
representative is the only person recognised by the company as having title to
the deceased’s interest.

35 That a devolution of shares can occur even without an instrument of
transfer is statutorily embodied in s 126(1) of the CA, which is _in pari
materia_ with s 183(2) of the English Companies Act 1985 (c 6) which was
referenced as a footnote to the relevant part of the passage cited above.

36 At the same time, the specific legatees of the Shares obtained, from the
moment of the Deceased’s passing, a right against the executor during the
period of administration to have the estate properly administered. At this
point, the executor held a chose in action against the liquidator of the
Company to have the surplus assets of the Company ascertained and distributed.
Through this chose in action, the executor obtained an “interest” in his
aliquot share of the liquidation surplus of the Company. But this chose in
action and the associated “interest” was not his to dispose of freely. It was
subject to the terms of the Deceased’s testamentary disposition. It is trite
that a person may bequeath or devise by will all real and personal property to
which he is entitled either at law or in equity at the time of his death: see
s 3(1) of the Wills Act (Cap 352, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Wills Act”). The will
speaks from the death of the testator: see s 19 of the Wills Act. The Deceased
passed away on 2 March 2011 and at that point in time, the Company was in the
process of winding up. I am therefore constrained to infer that the Deceased
meant to give to the legatees the Shares along with whatever rights that come
with ownership thereof; and on the authority of _Re Leigh_ , this must include
his “interest” in the liquidation surplus _._ Indeed it would be meaningless
to speak of shares in isolation without those rights and the fruits of those
rights.

37 Therefore, the specific legatees, through their right to have the estate
properly administered, obtained thereby an “interest” in the surplus once
ascertained, even if they did not become the legal or equitable owners
thereof. Further it is clear that this “interest” of the specific legatees’
had attached to the liquidation surplus by the time it was paid out by the
liquidator of the Company to the estate of the Deceased for the simple reason
that the Deceased had passed away by the time the Sum was paid out on 30 May
2012. Since the surplus of the Shares was validly disposed of, the gift did
not fail and it follows that the surplus does not fall into the residuary
estate. Therefore the plaintiff’s claim should be dismissed and I so order.

Conclusion and costs

38 I would add before closing a few observations on this case. I think the
executor/defendant acted properly in transferring, or attempting to transfer,
by way of cheque, their shares of the liquidation surplus to the plaintiff and
to Chiew Tee. He could have attempted, while the Company was still in the
course of winding up, to apply to court pursuant to s 259 to have the Shares
transferred to the specific legatees. The plaintiff’s submission was that this
was the only way to save the specific legacies, but I agree with the defendant
that this would have been an unnecessary expense.

39 Conversely, I do not think the plaintiff, or perhaps in this case her
attorneys, acted entirely properly in attempting to defeat the bequest made to
her so as to be able to plunder a larger gain from the estate. Certainly it
could not have been the Deceased’s intention to permit her so to do. I have
noted earlier (see above at [6]) that the application to put the Company into
winding up was made on 17 December 2007, two days before the Will was
executed. In the circumstances, it would be possible to read cl 3(ii) of the
Will as devising to the specific legatees their aliquot shares to be paid in
cash out of the liquidation surplus of the Company rather than a gift of the
Shares _in specie_. Clearly at the time of death the Company was well on the
road to liquidation being completed. The Shares had no worth other than their
value in the winding up. But as neither party raised this point of
interpretation I would not dwell on it any further.

40 I would further hold if necessary that the plaintiff and Chiew Tee (and
naturally, the defendant) remain entitled to their aliquot shares in the
liquidation surplus of the Company. There was some basis to say that at least
Chiew Tee had disclaimed the gift by her refusal to accept the defendant’s
cheques, because in her affidavit of 17 September 2013 she made the following
statement:

I am advised that [the plaintiff] may be legally entitled to receive [the Sum]
as declared in the Schedule of Assets filed by [the defendant] in his
application for probate in the District Court. _I accept this position
willingly and I understand this means that I have no share in the proceeds._ I
hope that the Court would find in favour of my mother. [emphasis added]

41 But as disclaimer was not argued by the defendant I am not prepared to make
any finding on this point.

42 Costs should follow the event and the plaintiff is herewith ordered to pay
costs to the defendant as the executor of the estate to be taxed if not
agreed. As the defendant has acted properly and reasonably as executor and
also in the conduct of this action, he is entitled to have any excess in costs
incurred paid out from the estate.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Dec 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

