Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Resource Piling Pte Ltd _v_ Geospecs Pte Ltd  
[2013] SGHC 231

Case Number| :| Suit No 343 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leo Cheng Suan and Teh Ee-von (Infinitus Law Corporation)
for the plaintiff; Thomas Tan and Lai Kwan Wei (Haridass Ho & Partners) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Resource Piling Pte Ltd — Geospecs Pte Ltd  
  
5 November 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 The plaintiff, Resource Piling Pte Ltd (“Resource Piling”), carries on the
business of a piling contractor and also conducts related engineering works.
The defendant, Geospecs Pte Ltd (“Geospecs”), is a company which specialises
in soil investigation works, slope stabilisation, laboratory testing and
related works. Resource Piling is suing Geospecs in tort, alleging that
Geospecs had negligently carried out soil investigation works and had produced
inaccurate borehole logs which Resource Piling relied upon to tender for a
piling contract.

Background facts to the dispute

The soil investigation contract

2 HH Properties Pte Ltd (“the Developer”), wanted to develop two hotel blocks
of 15 and 18-storeys, a 13-storey office block and basement car parks (“the
Project”) on a site between Balestier Road and Ah Hood Road, Lot 09941T Mukim
17 (“the Site”). The Developer engaged Longrove & Associates (“Longrove”) as
its consultant civil structural engineer and Longrove required the usual soil
information and data to design the foundations. The Developer, through
Longrove, called for tenders for the soil investigation. On 15 June 2009,
Geospecs submitted a tender to carry out the required soil investigations
works at the Site. On 7 July 2009, Longrove – on behalf of the Developer –
awarded the soil investigation contract to Geospecs for the sum of $20,500
excluding GST and rock coring (“the Soil Investigation Contract”).

3 The site was divided into two plots by a reserve along which the Mass Rapid
Transit (“MRT”) line between Novena and Toa Payoh stations ran. The larger
polygonal plot lay to the West of the reserve (“the Western Plot”) whilst the
smaller polygonal plot lay to the East (“the Eastern Plot”). Geospecs
conducted a field exploration programme from 20 August 2009 to 23 September
2009 and drilled a total of 11 boreholes on the Site, BH-1 to BH-11. On the
Western Plot, BH-1 and BH-2 were to the west with BH-1 to the north of BH-2.
BH-3 and BH-4 were in the centre, with BH-3 to the north of BH-4. BH-5, BH-6
and BH-7 were drilled in a line along the eastern edge with BH-5 to the north
and BH-7 to the south. On the smaller Eastern Plot, BH-8 and BH-9 were on the
western side with BH-8 to the north of BH-9, and on the eastern side, BH-10
was to the north of BH-11.

4 On 29 September 2009, Geospecs submitted its site investigation report (“the
Report”) – which included borehole logs for the 11 boreholes (“the Geospecs
Logs”) and the usual soil test data and analyses – to Longrove. The Geospecs
Logs indicated that rock was only encountered in two of the boreholes, BH-5
and BH-6 (which were at the North-eastern corner of the Western plot), at
depths of 18.00m and 18.70m respectively.

The Piling Contract

5 On 5 October 2009, Resource Piling received a letter from Longrove inviting
tenders for the piling work which called for bored piles ranging from 600mm to
1200mm in diameter. The tender documents issued by Longrove (“the Tender
Documents”) contained the following general specifications (“the General
Specifications”):[note: 1]

**GENERAL SPECIFICATION**

...

1.6 _Site Investigation Report_

An extract of the Soil Investigation Report is enclosed in the Appendix for
information.

The Contractor should note that he has to satisfy himself as to the actual
type of strata, geotechnical nature of the underlying stratum and ground
conditions to be encountered during the works. It is to be at the risk of the
Contractor if difficult ground conditions are actually encountered on the
site.

If a Contractor wishes to perform investigation, which may involve excavation,
sounding, or boring before submitting his tender he may do so at his own
expense and arrangement could be made with the Engineer.

...

1.10 _Obstructions_

An obstruction is defined as material the excavation of which requires
additional effort. Upon encountering an obstruction, the Contractor shall
immediately inform the Engineer and shall agree with the Engineer the method
to be employed in removing the obstruction.

...

No claim for additional cost or time shall be allowed or excavation through
obstructions and difficult ground conditions no matter how adverse or for the
removal of boulders.

The Tender Documents also contained the following specifications relating to
the bored piles (“the Bored Pile Specifications”):[note: 2]

**SPECIFICATION FOR CAST IN PLACE CONCRETE BORED PILES**

...

1.2 _Site Conditions_

1.2.1 The Contractor shall be deemed to have inspected the site and satisfied
himself with regard to access, site conditions, existing buildings and
structures.

1.2.2 The Contractor shall satisfy himself regarding subsoil conditions and
the underground water table.

1.2.3 The soil report included in this contract is for the reference of the
Contractor only. Neither the Consultants nor the Client accept responsibility
for its accuracy or implications, if actual soil conditions are found to be
different during progress of works.

No claims for extra cost or time shall be entertained on these grounds.

1.2.4 The Contractor may at his own cost and with the written approval of the
Engineer, conduct additional soil tests if he so desires.

...

4.2 _Boring_

...

4.2.4 Rates for boring shall be based on whatever ground conditions are found.
No extra cost or time shall be allowed for boring through more difficult soil
conditions than those envisaged by the Contractor.

...

The Geospecs Logs were included in the appendix to the Tender Documents but
the full Report including the soil test data and analyses were not included.
Resource Piling allegedly relied on the Geospecs Logs to calculate the tender
price and submitted its tender to the Developer on 21 October 2009, the
closing date for the tender, which was about 16 days after the date of the
invitation to tender.

6 Resource Piling was successful and the Developer awarded the piling contract
to Resource Piling for the sum of $3,608,488.41 (“the Piling Contract”) on 24
December 2009. The contract price was calculated according to per metre rates
based on the provisional lengths of the bored piles. The material terms of the
Piling Contract are set out below as follows:[note: 3]

**1\. CONTRACT SUM**

...

The above price/unit rate shall include:

...

o) Any coring/chiselling/socketing into rock or use of special
tools/equipments;

...

You agree that the Contract Sum shall cover your obligations under the
Contract and all works and expenditure necessary to carry out and bring the
Works to completion. This shall include all ancillary works or processes which
are indispensably necessary and may continently become necessary to achieve
completion whether described or otherwise in the face of practical
difficulties or for other technical reasons.

..

**2\. CONTRACT DOCUMENTS**

The following letters and documents shall constitute integral parts of the
Contract:-

...

c) M/S Longrove’s Specifications ref. GS/1 to GS/11, BP/1 to BP/18 and
Appendix for the Bore hole Log.

e) This letter. The terms and conditions stipulated in this letter shall
prevail in the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions
stated in the earlier letters and documents identified above.

...

**7\. SCOPE OF WORKS**

...

You shall deem to have inspected and examined the site and acquaint yourself
as to the form and nature of the site condition. No claim whatsoever made by
you on ground of want of knowledge of any of the aforesaid will be
entertained.

...

**11\. CONTRACTOR’S OBLIGATION**

...

d) The Contractor shall be deemed to have inspected and examined the Site and
its surroundings and to have satisfied himself before submitting the tender as
to the nature of the ground and sub-soil and the form and nature of the Site
and in general to have obtained for himself all necessary information as to
risks, contingencies and all other circumstances influencing the tender.

**16\. WARRANTIES**

...

b) No warranty or representation as to the accuracy and/or quantities and/or
information contained in any plans and/or drawings provided to the Contractor
is made by the Employer nor may be implied against the Employer. The
Contractor shall check the accuracy of all plans and/or drawings and to
satisfy himself accordingly. In the event that there are any inaccuracies
and/or discrepancies in the drawings and/or plans then it shall be the
Contractor’s responsibility to bring such matters to the attention of the
Employer. In so far as the Contractor intends to make any claims or to seek
any extension of time as a result of any inaccuracy and/or discrepancy in the
drawings and/or it plans then the Contractor shall be required to comply with
the relevant provisions in the Contract relating to claims for additional
payment and for the application for and the grant of an extension of time.

Clause 2(c) of the Piling Contract incorporated both the General
Specifications and Bored Pile Specifications as terms of the Piling Contract.

The piling construction

7 Sometime in January 2010, prior to the commencement of the piling works and
in accordance with the Building and Construction Authority’s (“BCA”)
requirements, Resource Piling drilled and constructed an ultimate test pile
(“the UTP”). The purpose of the UTP was to verify the pile design submitted by
the project engineer to the BCA as the UTP would be constructed and tested to
at least 2.5 times of the working load under the pile design. Resource Piling
drilled the UTP somewhere near the vertical midpoint between BH-10 and BH-11,
and discovered that rock was encountered from 19.00m onwards.

8 Upon the UTP performing satisfactorily, Resource Piling proceeded to carry
out the piling works, and claimed to have encountered ground conditions that
were materially different from the conditions indicated in the Geospecs Logs.
Resource Piling subsequently engaged Soil & Foundation Pte Ltd (“S & F”)
sometime around March or April 2010 to conduct additional soil investigation
works on the Site. Three additional boreholes, NBH-1, NBH-2 and NBH-3, were
drilled. The soil investigation report prepared by S & F dated 22 April 2010
(the “S & F Report”) indicated the presence of rock in all three boreholes,
which were located in the vicinity of areas where, according to the Geospecs
Logs, rock was unlikely to be encountered.

9 During the course of the piling works, Resource Piling claimed that it had
encountered rock in 326 piles, or 77% of the piles located in the areas where
no rock was expected. Resource Piling averred that the time taken for boring
into rock was 10 to 20 times longer than the time required for boring into
soil and that it had to incur additional rock socketing costs which it had not
provided for in its original tender price.

10 On 4 September 2010, Mr Foo Hee Kang (“Mr Foo”), the Managing Director of
Resource Piling, wrote to the Developer to request an extra payment of
$1,188,554 for socketing into rock. Mr Foo claimed that the original cost of
socketing in the contract sum was calculated on the basis of the ground
conditions recorded in the Geospecs Logs, which were subsequently verified by
S & F and found to be inaccurate.[note: 4] The Developer replied on 18 October
2010, rejecting Resource Piling’s claim on the basis that it was not entitled
to claim for the extra costs for rock socketing under the terms of the Piling
Contract.[note: 5]

11 Resource Piling wrote two letters to the Developer on 27 October 2010,
repeating its position that it had a contractual right to the extra payment
for socketing into rock and stressing that the Geospecs Logs were “completely
inaccurate”.[note: 6] In a letter dated 12 November 2010 from Longrove to
Resource Piling certifying interim progress payments under the Piling
Contract, Longrove rejected Resource Piling’s “variation claim” of $1,188,554
on the grounds that the contract price was inclusive of any coring or
socketing into rock and covered Resource Piling’s obligations under the Piling
Contract and all work and expenditure necessary to carry out the works to
completion; the contract sum was firm notwithstanding the amount or quantity
of work assigned to Resource Piling. Longrove further stated that the Geospecs
Logs had been provided to Resource Piling for information only and Resource
Piling was deemed to have inspected and examined the site – any risks arising
from the works were therefore to be borne by Resource Piling.[note: 7]

12 Sometime in November 2010, Resource Piling was allegedly informed by one Mr
Babu, the Project Manager of the Developer, that Geospecs would be drilling
two boreholes adjacent to BH-1 and BH-11, numbered BH-1A and BH-11A
respectively, to prove that the Geospecs Logs were accurate. The drilling was
done in the absence of a representative from Resource Piling. The borehole
logs for BH-1A and BH-11A did not differ materially from the earlier Geospecs
Logs for BH-1 and BH-11 and indicated that no rocks were present in both
boreholes up to a depth of 27.02m. Resource Piling subsequently requested S &
F to drill another borehole about 0.567m away from BH-11A, numbered BH-11B.
This borehole log indicated the presence of rock from 21.50m below the
surface.

13 On 21 December 2010, Resource Piling sent a letter to the Developer stating
that the soil profile indicated in the borehole log for BH-11B was entirely
different from those indicated in the borehole logs prepared by Geospecs for
BH-11 and BH-11A. Resource Piling requested an explanation from Geospecs for
the difference, and stated that if no explanation was forthcoming, it would
file an official report with the BCA that the Geospecs Logs were completely
wrong and a misrepresentation to Resource Piling at the tendering stage.[note:
8] On 24 December 2010, Geospecs responded to the issues raised in Resource
Piling’s letter in an email to a representative of the Developer. Geospecs
maintained that the borehole logs for BH-11 and BH-11A were correct, and that
the apparent differences in the soil profiles may be attributable to
differential weathering of the underlying rock.[note: 9]

14 Following Geospecs’ response, the Developer sent a letter in reply to
Resource Piling on 4 January 2011, firmly stating that the Geospecs Logs were
accurate, and that, in any event, there were no sums due and payable to
Resource Piling for the rock socketing works.[note: 10] Resource Piling
replied on 10 January 2011, reiterating that the Geospecs Logs were inaccurate
and that it was contractually entitled to the extra payment that it was
claiming for.[note: 11] There is no further record of any subsequent
correspondence between Resource Piling and the Developer.

15 Resource Piling issued a writ of summons against Geospecs on 12 May 2011,
claiming in the alternative for: (a) the extra costs it had incurred for
drilling sockets through rock; or (b) the actual losses and losses of
anticipated profit that it had incurred on the performance of the Piling
Contract. At the date the trial commenced, Resource Piling had not taken any
legal action against the Developer or filed any complaint to the BCA.[note:
12]

The issues

16 The parties jointly requested, and I granted, an order for bifurcation of
issues and the trial proceeded only on issues of liability. Although the lead
counsels’ statements list some 15 or 16 agreed factual issues and some three
to seven agreed legal issues, as well as additional minor non-agreed issues,
these can be essentially distilled into the following broad factual and legal
issues:

(a) Factual Issues:

(i) What is the generalised soil profile at the Site?

(ii) What is the definition of “rock”?

(iii) Are Resource Piling’s records of the soil profiles of the boreholes
accurate in that it encountered rock in the construction of about 326 bored
piles or 77% of the total number of piles where no rock was expected?

(iv) Were the Geospecs Logs accurate in approximately profiling the soil at
the Site and the soil conditions in the vicinity of BH-1 to BH-11?

(v) Did Geospecs carry out its soil investigation works and compilation of the
Geospecs Logs properly and to the expected standard of a competent soil
investigator?

(b) Legal Issues:

(i) Did Geospecs owe Resource Piling a duty of care to ensure that the
Geospecs Logs it prepared were accurate?

(ii) If Geospecs did owe Resource Piling a duty of care, did Geospecs breach
that duty?

The parties’ respective cases

17 Resource Piling’s claim rests on the allegation that Geospecs had
negligently carried out the soil investigation works, prepared the Geospecs
Logs that did not accurately profile the kind of soil at the Site and failed
to show rock near BH-1, BH-2, BH-3, BH-4, BH-7, BH-8, BH-9, BH-10 and BH-11
when there was rock in the vicinity of these boreholes, and provided a soil
profile in the Geospecs Logs that was vastly different from the actual soil
conditions at the Site. Resource Piling alleged that around or more than 77%
of the piles in the zones adjacent to these nine boreholes had to be socketed
into rock, contrary to what was to be expected when considering the soil
profiled in the Geospecs Logs.

18 Resource Piling pleaded that Geospecs owed it a duty of care to ensure that
the Geospecs Logs were accurate and reliable and had breached that duty in its
negligent conduct of the soil investigation and preparation of inaccurate
Geospecs Logs. Resource Piling was a prospective piling contractor bidding for
the piling work for the Site, and Geospecs knew that Resource Piling would be
provided with the Geospecs Logs by the Developers to tender for the piling
contract and would price its tender based on Geospecs’ inaccurate soil
information. Geospecs allegedly breached this duty by:

(a) failing to give a proper and accurate assessment of the soil conditions at
the Site;

(b) failing to advise that there was rock present in the areas of the Site
surrounding BH-1, BH-2, BH-3, BH-4, BH-7, BH-8, BH-9, BH-10, BH-11; and

(c) failing to detect the presence of rocks in the areas of the Site
surrounding BH-1, BH-2, BH-3, BH-4, BH-7, BH-8, BH-9, BH-10, BH-11.

Resource Piling alleges that because of the widespread presence of rock,
Longrove was able to reduce the length of the piles generally, which reduced
Resource Piling’s payment as it was based on measured pile lengths.
Additionally, Resource Piling incurred greater cost in pile construction by
having to socket the piles into rock, causing delays and construction
difficulties. This resulted in economic loss to Resource Piling as the
Developer refused to pay for such additional construction costs, alleging that
the risk was on Resource Piling under the terms of the Piling Contract. While
a number of factual allegations were made in the affidavits and in the course
of oral testimony that Resource Piling had not been able to claim extra
payments for the additional socketing works because Geospecs had incorrectly
informed the Developer that the Geospecs Logs were accurate, Resource Piling
did not additionally plead this as a basis of negligence, and I will put this
aspect aside.

19 Geospecs denied that it owed a duty of care to Resource Piling as a matter
of law. It had only contracted with the Developer and had submitted the
Report, Geospecs Logs, test data and results and recommendations for the
foundation system to suit the soil conditions, duly endorsed by a professional
engineer, to the Developer and its consultant engineers Longrove. The Report
with its attachments was prepared for Longrove to design the foundation
system, estimate the costs and prepare the tender specifications to call for
tenders for the Piling Contract. The Report clearly stated that “the presence
of boulders probably due to differential weathering [was] expected within the
residual layer”.[note: 13] Geospecs had not been aware, until discovery, that
Resource Piling had only been provided with the Geospecs Log by Longrove
and/or the Developer. In any event, Resource Piling should not have relied
solely on the Geospecs Logs as it only formed part of the entire Report.

20 Geospecs also averred that it had not been negligent in the preparation of
the Geospecs Logs and that the Geospecs Logs were accurate. This was confirmed
by the drilling of two more boreholes in October 2010, BH-1A and BH-11A, which
was witnessed by representatives of the Developer and the Resident Engineer.
Geospecs claimed that Resource Piling’s alleged encounter with rock was only
reported to it by the Developer ten months later on 7 October 2010 and not
when it was first allegedly detected in January 2010. It was possible for the
soil profiles of a particular area to differ greatly from that of neighbouring
areas due to the differential weathering of different types of rocks and
formations. Geospecs also questioned the accuracy of Resource Piling’s records
documenting that “rock” had been encountered in the course of constructing the
bored piles.

Does a duty of care arise?

21 I first address the preliminary and threshold issue of law, _viz_ , whether
a duty of care in respect of the damage suffered by Resource Piling was owed
by Geospecs to Resource Piling. In _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence
Science & Technology Agency_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“ _Spandeck_ ”), the Court
of Appeal held that a single test should apply to determine the imposition of
a duty of care in all claims arising out of negligence, irrespective of the
type of damages claimed (at [71]) (hereafter referred to as the “ _Spandeck_
Test”). There was no justification for a general exclusionary rule against
recovery of economic losses (at [69]). The Court of Appeal described the two-
stage _Spandeck_ Test as follows (at [73]):

In our view, a coherent and workable test can be fashioned out of the basic
two-stage test premised on proximity and policy considerations, if its
application is preceded by a preliminary requirement of _factual_
foreseeability. We would add that this test is to be applied _incrementally_ ,
in the sense that when applying the test in each stage, it would be desirable
to refer to decided cases in analogous situations to see how the courts have
reached their conclusions in terms of proximity and/or policy. [emphasis in
original]

I now turn to consider each limb of the _Spandeck_ Test.

Factual foreseeability

22 Geospecs argued that the loss suffered by Resource Piling, _ie_ , the
economic loss suffered as a result of the miscalculation of the tender price,
was not foreseeable as Geospecs was not aware that the Geospecs Logs would
form part of the tender documents provided by Longrove to potential bidders
for the Piling Contract. Further, Geospecs could not have foreseen that
Longrove would provide only the Geospecs Logs without the rest of the Report
which would have indicated the presence of boulders. Geospecs also could not
have foreseen that the piling contractor would suffer losses due to its
inability to claim extra payment from the employer for additional rock
socketing because of the terms of the contract it had entered into.

23 Geospecs’ submissions miss the point of the factual foreseeability
requirement. As stated by the Court of Appeal in _Spandeck_ (at [75]-[76]),
factual foreseeability is a threshold condition that is readily satisfied in
most cases as the foreseeability threshold merely requires that the defendant
ought to broadly know that persons in the position of the plaintiff would
suffer harm or damage from the defendant’s carelessness – this involves the
establishment of a _factual foundation_ upon which legal proximity can be
founded (see _Ngiam Kong Seng and another v Lim Chiew Hock_ [2008] 3 SLR(R)
674 (“ _Ngiam Kong Seng_ ”) at [104]), but does not require the defendant to
foresee the precise harm or manner in which the loss was suffered. In the
context of a building project, soil investigation works are required to decide
on the foundations required for the building. The consultant engineer would
require this information and test data to design the required foundations. The
information and data would also shape the terms and specifications of the
piling contract to be awarded. That this is very important or even vital
information and data to the developer and his consultant engineer cannot be
gainsaid. If the soil investigation and tests are improperly conducted and the
results are inaccurate, it cannot be disputed that the possible costs and time
delays, financial and reputational consequences could be crippling. The other
parties who would clearly be most interested in the soil substrata would be
the piling and building contractors, both of whom would look at the soil
investigation information and data. Their contract work, method of work or
construction and the temporary works will be materially affected if the
information and data is incorrect or misleading. It is my experience, and I
can take judicial notice of the fact, that in the larger construction
contracts, the borehole logs are invariably included as part of the contract
documentation.

24 It was not surprising that Mr Tan Eng Gee (“Mr Tan”), a director of
Geospecs, expressly conceded in cross-examination that if the borehole logs
provided by the company engaged to conduct soil investigation were wrong, the
contractor who relied on the borehole logs to price his tender for a piling
contract would also calculate the cost of the work and the time taken to
conduct the work inaccurately.[note: 14] A soil investigator would therefore
expect that inaccuracies in his borehole logs could cause some form of
economic loss – either in terms of loss of potential profit or actual losses
from the performance of the contract – to contractors in so far as the
contractors would be calculating their tender prices based on an incorrect
premise. In my judgment, the threshold requirement of factual foreseeability
is evidently satisfied on the present facts.

Legal proximity

25 In _Spandeck_ , the Court of Appeal described legal proximity (at
[78]–[79]) as a “composite idea, importing the whole concept of the necessary
relationship between the claimant and the defendant”, and cited with approval
Deane J’s observations in the High Court of Australia’s decision in
_Sutherland Shire Council v Heyman_ (1985) 60 ALR 1 that the requirement of
proximity embraced the notions of physical proximity, circumstantial proximity
and causal proximity, including the closeness of the parties, the directness
of the relationship between the parties as well as the assumption of
responsibility and reliance (at 55–56); the relative importance of each factor
and the combinations of the factors was a legal question to be determined on
the basis of legal reasoning, induction and deduction.

26 The Court of Appeal further held that the two-stage test premised on legal
proximity and policy considerations was to be applied incrementally by
reference to analogous situations to see how courts have reached their
conclusions for these stages to determine whether the current limits of
liability should be extended: see [43] and [73] of _Spandeck_. The lack of a
factual precedent should not preclude the court from extending liability where
it is just and fair to do so, taking into account the relevant policy
consideration against indeterminate liability against a tortfeasor (_ibid_). I
note that although the Court of Appeal in _Spandeck_ set out a single test for
a duty of care and enunciated a number of broad proximity considerations (at
[77]–[82]), the factors to be considered in ascertaining whether the requisite
proximity exists depends on the precise factual circumstances, including the
type of harm: see for example, _Spandeck_ , which emphasised the traditional
test of assumption of responsibility and reliance in _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v
Heller & Partners Ltd_ [1964] AC 465 (“ _Hedley Byrne_ ”) in the context of
economic loss; _cf_. _Ngiam Kong Seng_ , which applied the three factors in
_McLoughlin v O’Brian_ [1983] 1 AC 410 within the context of the first
proximity stage in the _Spandeck_ Test for a claim involving a duty of care
not to cause psychiatric harm. The case before me is one involving economic
loss, and I analyse the factual circumstances primarily through the prism of
the twin criteria of assumption of responsibility and reasonable reliance, but
with reference to other considerations where relevant.

Statutory duty of a qualified person carrying out soil investigation works

27 Resource Piling laid great emphasis on a change in the legal regulatory
landscape in relation to the conduct of soil investigations. Counsel for
Resource Piling, Mr Leo Cheng Suan (“Mr Leo”), submitted that in the aftermath
of the infamous tilting of the Samsung Hub building in Church Street, the BCA
now imposed an express statutory duty for site investigation to be carried out
in a proper and adequate manner and made it mandatory for a professional
engineer to sign off any site investigation report. Mr Leo relied on reg 31 of
the Building Control Regulations 2003 (S 666/2003) (“BCR”), which provides as
follows:

**Site investigation**

**31.** —(1) Where foundation, tunnels, site formation (including excavations)
or related earthworks are proposed to be constructed or carried out on any
premises, an investigation of the site shall be undertaken by the qualified
person appointed under section 8(1)(a) or 11(1)(d)(i) of the Act in respect of
the structural elements of the relevant building works in order to establish
the type and character of the ground and groundwater conditions on which the
foundations, tunnels, site formation (including excavations) or earthworks are
to be constructed or carried out.

(2) Whenever any site investigation is to be carried out, the qualified person
appointed under section 8(1)(a) or 11(1)(d)(i) of the Act _shall carry out
proper and adequate site investigation_ —

(a) _in accordance with the relevant standards and codes of practice_ ; and

(b) _by conducting adequate investigation boreholes and other appropriate
investigation means_ , in-situ field tests and laboratory tests to establish
the ground and groundwater conditions, their variability and the geotechnical
aspects for the works to be carried out.

(3) Whenever any site investigation is to be carried out in respect of the
building works, the qualified person appointed under section 8(1)(a) or
11(1)(d)(i) of the Act shall submit the site investigation reports to the
Commissioner of Building Control and in accordance with paragraph (4).

(4) All site investigation reports shall contain field and laboratory data,
and tests and results, and shall be accompanied by a certificate from an
appropriate professional engineer who, having carried out, supervised or
directed the site investigation, certifies that he has verified the accuracy
of the information given in the site investigation report.

[emphasis in italics added]

Resource Piling submitted that changes were introduced by the Building Control
(Amendment) Regulations 2008 (S 54/2008) (“Building Control (Amendment)
Regulations 2008”) to place a duty on soil investigators to carry out site
investigation works properly and accurately, and that the intended class of
direct beneficiaries of this statutory duty included contractors who relied on
borehole logs produced as part of the site investigation to tender for and
carry out their works. It was contended that the existence of this statutory
duty “enhanced” the legal proximity between Resource Piling and Geospecs, such
that the latter owed the former a common law duty of care in negligence in
addition to its statutory duty. Geospecs disagreed and argued that no issue of
public safety arose on the facts; the present case simply involved a
commercial contract which was more expensive to perform than one party had
originally anticipated.

28 It is well-established that the existence of a statutory duty does not
_ipso facto_ give rise to a common law duty of care in negligence, although it
may form part of the contextual backdrop or be a relevant factor in favour of
or militating against the imposition of a duty of care (see _Animal Concerns
Research & Education Society v Tan Boon Kwee_ [2011] 2 SLR 146 (“ _Animal
Concerns_ ”) at [22]). In particular, the statutory duty may establish that
the duty of care does not extend to the losses arising from a transaction
falling outside the purpose for which an allegedly negligent statement was
made (see the observations of Lord Jauncey of Tullichettle and Lord Oliver of
Aylmerton in _Caparo Industries plc v Dickman_ [1990] 2 AC 605 (“ _Caparo
Industries_ ”) at 661D–E and 651F respectively). Alternatively, the imposition
of a common law duty of care may support or undermine the legislative
intention behind the statutory regime (see _Tan Juay Pah v Kimly Construction
Pte Ltd_ [2012] 2 SLR 549 (“ _Tan Juay Pah_ ”) at [53]–[54]). For present
purposes, I will confine my discussion to the former, _viz_ , the relevance of
the statutory framework under the Building Control Act (Cap 29, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“Building Control Act”) and BCR in so far as the nature and purpose of the
statutory duty may implicitly create a special or close relationship in the
form of circumstantial or causal proximity or support an inference of
assumption of responsibility, such that legal proximity under the first limb
of the _Spandeck_ Test is established.

29 The present reg 31 was inserted by the Building Control (Amendment)
Regulations 2008, and had replaced the previous reg 31 on site investigation
which stated:

**Site investigation**

**31**.—(1) Where foundations or related earthworks are proposed to be
constructed or carried out on any premises, an investigation of the site shall
be undertaken by the qualified person appointed under section 6(3)(a) of the
Act in respect of the structural elements of the relevant building works in
order to establish the type and character of the ground on which the
foundation or earthworks are to be constructed or carried out.

(2) The qualified person shall prepare and submit to the Commissioner of
Building Control a report of any investigation under paragraph (1) containing
recommendations on the measures to be taken in connection with the
construction or carrying out of the foundations or related earthworks so as to
prevent any settlement or other movement which may impair the stability of or
cause damage to the whole or part of any adjoining premises or building.

The amended reg 31 extended the duty to apply to the construction of “tunnels”
and “site formation (including excavations)”. It imposed a more specific and
detailed set of duties on those qualified to undertake site investigation
works, including the requirements in reg 31(2) that site investigation works
have to be done properly and adequately in accordance with the prevailing
standards and codes of practice and by conducting adequate investigation
boreholes and other appropriate investigation means: see also the explanatory
note to the proposed amendment of reg 31 in Annex A of the circular issued by
the Commissioner of Building Control dated 10 December 2007. Further, it
engrafted an additional layer of checks in reg 31(4), which mandates that the
accuracy of the results of the site investigation have to be verified and
certified by a Professional Engineer. Regulation 50 of the BCR imposes
criminal liability for the contravention of, _inter alia_ , regs 31(1), 31(2)
and 31(3), but the BCR is otherwise silent on any concomitant civil liability.

30 The Building Control (Amendment) Regulations 2008 followed the amendments
made by the Building Control (Amendment) Act 2007 (Act No 46 of 2007) (“BCAA
2007”) to the Building Control Act. Mr Leo relied on the parliamentary debates
during the passing of the Building Control (Amendment) Bill 2007 (“the Bill”)
in support for the submission that the purpose of introducing the requirement
for a Professional Engineer to verify the accuracy of the site investigation
reports was to “prevent the “Church Street incident” from recurring”.[note:
15] Mr Leo cited the speech of a Member of Parliament, Mrs Lee Bee Wah (“Mrs
Lee”), a Professional Engineer and former President of the Institution of
Engineers (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (20
September 2007) vol 83 (“the _20 September 2007 Parliamentary Debates_ ”) at
col 2082):

... I queried [BCA officers], in the past, which were the projects where they
could show examples that if we introduced the [Professional Engineer]
(Geotechnical) then they would have avoided the problem totally. Kong lie kong
ker, they could only quote me Church Street. And I asked them which aspect of
Church Street. In fact, to prepare for this, I had lunch with Church Street’s
[Professional Engineer], and he also told me that he was doubtful with the
introduction of [Professional Engineer] (Geotechnical). That problem could be
avoided.

The Church Street incident in 2002, which is well known to those in the
construction industry, involved the 30-storey Samsung Hub building that
started to tilt during construction as the superstructure was loaded, _ie_ ,
being built. There were allegations in relation to the soil investigation, the
characterisation of the soil substratum and possible piling construction
shortcomings. It caused great alarm as there were completed buildings nearby.
However, it should be noted that the introduction of the requirement for a
Professional Engineer (Geotechnical) to supervise specific types of works in
the BCAA 2007 followed the inquiry into the Nicoll Highway collapse in 2004
and relates only to “geotechnical building works”, which do not include
foundational works for buildings which are less than 30-storeys high: see the
definition in s 2(1) of the Building Control Act and the then Minister of
State for National Development, Ms Grace Fu’s (“Ms Fu”) explanation of the
regulation of underground building works in the BCAA 2007 (see the _20
September 2007 Parliamentary Debates_ at cols 2055-2056).

31 The comments that Mr Leo cited followed Mrs Lee's speech where she queried
the need to introduce the requirement of a Professional Engineer
(Geotechnical) for piling works for projects of 30-storeys and above as
professional civil engineers had been designing the foundations of high-rise
buildings for many years, and suggested that the employment of a second
professional engineer was impractical and unnecessary: see the _20 September
2007 Parliamentary Debates_ at cols 2068-2069. Ms Fu responded to this concern
by explaining that any structural problems with the foundations of high-rise
buildings could have very serious consequences, and cited the Church Street
incident as an example: see the _20 September 2007 Parliamentary Debates_ at
col 2074\. It is difficult to see how Mrs Lee’s comments support Mr Leo’s
position; on the contrary, Mrs Lee was arguing that the Church Street incident
could not have been prevented even with the input of a Professional Engineer
(Geotechnical). Mrs Lee’s comments were not directed at any proposed
amendments to the Building Control Act that directly considered the duties of
those engaged in specialised site investigation works.

32 It is evident that the overarching purpose of the BCAA 2007, and the
subsequent amendments to the BCR, were to “strengthen the building control
regulatory framework to uplift professionalism, standards of safety and
quality in the construction industry”: see Ms Fu’s speech in the _20 September
2007 Parliamentary Debates_ at col 2053. Apart from this broad statement of
purpose, the BCAA 2007 was silent on the duties of a soil investigator,
although the constant reference to the Church Street incident suggests that it
perhaps formed part of the catalyst for the BCAA 2007. (I should add that the
Nicoll Highway collapse in April 2004 must have also been a major contributor
but from a slightly different angle.) The BCAA 2007 introduced a requirement
for those engaged in site investigation works to be licensed as a specialist
builder (see s 29G of the Building Control Act) and additional duties on a
soil investigator were inserted in the BCR by the amended reg 31. These
changes undoubtedly followed the overall purpose of the 2007 amendments in
improving the accountability and competence of those engaged in site
investigation works to strengthen safety standards. However, I do not think
that there is anything to suggest that the changes introduced by the BCAA
2007, or indeed the building regulatory regime as a whole under the Building
Control Act, additionally have the statutory objective of protecting the
_economic interests_ of the various participants in the construction industry
or to define the scope of their responsibilities _vis-à-vis_ each other. The
financial risks potentially incurred by contractors who rely on work done by
other contractors in the same project are not regulated under the Building
Control Act. While it is clear that specialised site investigators in the
position of Geospecs owe an express statutory duty to carry out proper and
adequate site investigation under reg 31(2), in my view, there is nothing that
can plausibly support a suggestion that Parliament intended for this duty of
competence to extend equally to contractors who rely on geological information
provided by site investigators to price their tenders.

33 Contractors are not within the class of persons intended to be protected by
the statutory duty to carry out adequate and proper site investigation works,
and I am thus of the view that reg 31 of the BCR is of minimal assistance to
Resource Piling in establishing that the parties were brought into a close and
direct relationship or that Geospecs had assumed any responsibility, as part
of its statutory duty, towards Resource Piling in relation to the accuracy of
its soil investigation logs.

Assumption of responsibility, reasonable reliance and the contractual
framework

34 Resource Piling submitted that Geospecs was a soil investigation specialist
and had to expect that Resource Piling – as a potential bidder for the Piling
Contract – would rely on the Geospecs Logs to price its tender. Resource
Piling was also constrained to rely on the Geospecs Logs due to the short
window of time within which tenders for the Piling Contract had to be
submitted. There was therefore sufficient proximity between the parties.

35 Geospecs argued that there was no proximity between itself and Resource
Piling. The Geospecs Logs contained only facts and did not purport to give any
advice or make any representation to third party contractors. Further,
Resource Piling was aware, at the time it submitted the tender for the Piling
Contract, that it should not rely on the Geospecs Logs but should instead
satisfy itself of the actual ground conditions.

36 It is clear from the contractual provisions between the Developer and
Resource Piling (set out at [5] and [6] above) that the risk of unexpected,
different, difficult or adverse ground conditions fell upon Resource Piling.
The Developer would not pay for any extra costs incurred by Resource Piling or
grant additional time to Resource Piling should it encounter such conditions.
Under cl 1(o) of the Piling Contract, Resource Piling’s rates, based on bored
pile lengths, were to include any coring, chiselling, socketing into rock or
use of special tools or equipment and all processes that were indispensably
necessary to achieve completion whether described or otherwise in the face of
practical difficulties or for other technical reasons. At the tendering stage,
cl 1.6 of the General Specifications provided that an “extract of the Soil
Investigation Report [was] enclosed…for information” and cl 1.2.3 of the Bore
Pile Specifications stated that the Geospecs Logs was for Resource Piling’s
reference only and that neither Longrove nor the Developer accepted
responsibility for the accuracy of the Geospecs Logs if the actual soil
conditions encountered were different.

37 Both parties made use of aspects of this allocation of risk. Resource
Piling argued that since the Geospecs Logs formed an integral part of the
Piling Contract, Resource Piling should therefore be entitled to rely on the
accuracy of the Geospecs Logs as it would have no other recourse for losses if
the Geospecs Logs did not provide an accurate approximation of the ground
conditions at the Site. Geospecs submitted that it only had a contractual
relationship with the Developer and had satisfactorily discharged its duties
in accordance with the Soil Investigation Contract. As Resource Piling was not
contractually entitled to claim for the additional cost of rock socketing from
the Developer over and above the fixed contract sum, _a fortiori_ , it should
not be allowed to claim the same from Geospecs.

38 Resource Piling’s argument can be characterised as a claim of assumption of
responsibility by Geospecs and corresponding reliance by Resource Piling.
Although of considerable vintage, _Hedley Byrne_ continues to be the starting
point in many other Commonwealth jurisdictions for claims involving negligent
misstatements. Lord Devlin’s formulation of the test as to when a duty of care
not to cause economic loss by making negligent statements arises can be found
at 528–529 of _Hedley Byrne_ :

... the categories of special relationships which may give rise to a duty to
take care in word as well as in deed...include also relationships which...are
"equivalent to contract," that is, _where there is an assumption of
responsibility in circumstances in which, but for the absence of
consideration, there would be a contract._ [emphasis in italics added]

The _Hedley Bryne_ elements have been incorporated as part of the first
proximity limb of the _Spandeck_ Test at [81]:

In our view, Deane J's analysis in _Sutherland_ , that proximity includes
physical, circumstantial as well as causal proximity, does provide substance
to the concept since _it includes the twin criteria of voluntary assumption of
responsibility and reliance_ , _where the facts support them, as essential
factors in meeting the test of proximity._ … [emphasis in italics added]

Assumption of responsibility is to be understood in a legal rather than
factual sense. It therefore refers to “the circumstances in which the law will
deem the maker of the statement to have assumed responsibility to the person
who acts upon the advice” (per Lord Griffiths in _Smith v Eric S. Bush and
Harris v Wyre Forest District Council_ [1990] 1 AC 831 at 862; see also the
observations of Phang J (as he then was) in _Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd
v Ng Khim Ming Eric (practising under the name and style of W P Architects)_
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 853 at [63], citing Andrew Phang, Cheng Lim Saw and Gary Chan,
"Of Precedent, Theory and Practice - The Case for a Return to Anns" [2006]
Sing JLS 1 at pp 47-48 that the concept of proximity is “not merely factual
but is, rather, legal in nature”).

39 I first dispose of the argument that was repeatedly stressed by Geospecs in
its submissions, _viz_ , that Resource Piling could not claim to have been
negligently misled by the Geospecs Logs as the Geospecs Logs contained purely
factual statements. The basis of liability for negligent misstatements, either
under the _Hedley Bryne_ principle or the _Spandeck_ Test, is that one party
may owe a duty of care to another not to provide information negligently; it
is not dependent on whether such information may be classified under the
semantic categories of “facts” or “advice”. I am, with respect, unable to
comprehend how this apparent distinction changes the character of any
responsibility that Geospecs may have undertaken with respect to Resource
Piling or the nature of Resource Piling’s reliance on the Geospecs Logs. In
this regard, I need only refer to the observations of Lord Steyn in _Williams
v Natural Life Health Foods Ltd_ [1998] 1 WLR 830, at page 834D-H:

It is clear … that the governing principles are stated in the leading speech
of Lord Goff of Chieveley in _Henderson v Merrett Syndicates Ltd_ [1995] 2 AC
145. First in _Henderson’s_ case it was settled that the assumption of
responsibility principle enunciated in _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller &
Partners Ltd_ [1964] AC 465 is _not confined to statements but may apply to
any assumption of responsibility for the provision of services_. … [emphasis
in italics added]

The _Hedley Bryne_ principle is conceptually premised on assumption of
responsibility and a corresponding reliance, and does not turn on minute
classification of what was said or done.

40 The present claim by Resource Piling against Geospecs, who provided
geological or subsoil information or conditions to the Developer, is a novel
one and neither counsel directed me to any previously decided case in a
Commonwealth jurisdiction where a duty of care was held to exist on materially
similar facts. In accordance with the incremental approach of reasoning by
analogy endorsed by the Court of Appeal in _Spandeck_ (at [82]), I now
consider earlier cases where the courts have answered this broader question:
does a professional owe a duty of care to a contractor where the contractor
tenders for a contract on the faith of information prepared by the
professional who does so under a separate contract with the contractor’s
employer, but with whom the contractor has no contractual relationship?

41 A close factual parallel can be found in the decision of the Court of
Appeal of California in _M Miller Co v Dames & Moore_ (1961) 198 Cal. App. 2d
305 (“ _Miller_ ”), which predated the House of Lords decision in _Hedley
Bryne_. It was alleged that negligent soil tests, which failed to disclose
unstable ground material, were carried out by the defendant soil engineering
firm under contract with the employer and their civil engineers. It was
assumed for the purposes of the appeal that the report _was intended_ to
provide information for prospective bidders, including the plaintiff
contractor, and was in fact made available to and relied upon by the
contractor (at 307). As a result of the negligent report, the contractor’s bid
was less than the actual cost of completing the project. The court held that
on the assumed facts, the soil engineering firm could be liable to the
contractors in negligence under the rule in its earlier decision in _Biakanja
v Irving_ (1959) 49 Cal. 2d 467, _viz_ , damages for negligent performance
could be recovered if “the circumstances were such that the transaction was
intended to affect the plaintiff and injury to the plaintiff was foreseeable”.
The court also rejected the defence that the contract between the contractor
and the employer specifically provided that the contractor was not to rely on
the soil report but was to make its own independent investigations; the rights
and duties of the soil engineer as against the contractor were not necessarily
equivalent to the scope of the liabilities that the contractor had chosen to
waive in favour of the employer.

42 In my view, _Miller_ is of limited guidance because it was decided at an
interlocutory stage on summary judgment principles. It arose from a motion by
the defendant to dismiss the claim against it as disclosing no merit. It was
therefore decided as a matter of law only on the basis of the assumed facts
set out in the preceding paragraph, including the plaintiff’s pleading that
the defendant soil engineer had _intended_ for the report to provide
information for prospective contractors bidding for the project. The summary
judgment granted in favour of the soil engineering firm at first instance was
accordingly reversed and the issue of negligence was sent for trial.

43 A similar conclusion and reasoning was adopted in _Edgeworth Construction
Ltd v ND Lea & Associates Ltd_ (1993) 107 DLR (4th) 169 (“ _Edgeworth_ ”), a
decision of the Supreme Court of Canada. The Supreme Court held that an
engineering firm which had prepared specifications and construction drawings
for a highway project and the relevant tender documents incorporating such
plans owed a duty of care to a contractor who had successfully tendered for
the project and incurred economic losses as a result of errors in the
specifications and drawings. McLachlin J, delivering the leading judgment of
the court, made the following observations on the assumption of responsibility
by the engineering firm at [5]:

... The engineers undertook to provide information (“the tender package”) for
use by a definable group of persons with whom it did not have any contractual
relationship. **_The purpose of supplying this information was to allow
tenderers to prepare a price to be submitted. The engineers knew this_** _._
The plaintiff contractor was one of the tenderers. It relied on the
information prepared by the engineers in preparing its bid. Its reliance upon
the engineers’ work was reasonable. It alleges it suffered loss as a
consequence. These facts establish a _prima facie_ cause of action against the
engineering firm. [emphasis in bold italics added; emphasis in italics in
original]

McLachlin J then considered whether the contract between the contractor and
the employer negated this _prima facie_ duty of care, and held (at [9]) that
although the specifications provided by the engineering firm had been
incorporated in the contract and had also become representations of the
employer, they did not cease to be representations of the engineering firm.
The contractor continued to rely on the accuracy of the specifications and did
not assume the risk of errors in the work of the engineering firm. The
presence of a clause in the main contract between the contractor and the
employer negating any warranty of the accuracy of the information provided in
the tender documents also did not extend to protect the engineering firm from
liability (at [10]) and did not oust any possible duties in tort that the
engineering firm owed to the contractor (at [12]).

44 I am hesitant to draw any statement of general principle from _Edgeworth_
as it similarly concerned a striking out application at an interlocutory
stage. The Court of Appeal in _Spandeck_ cited _Edgeworth_ for the proposition
that (at [107]):

… there might be situations where a negligent statement by the professional in
preparing the tender documents would lead to liability under Hedley Byrne …
but, in the absence of such a statement to the contractor, it seemed unlikely
that a court would find a duty of care based on the mere conduct of the
professional.

From the very brief comment that _Edgeworth_ drew from the Court of Appeal in
_Spandeck_ , it appears that the Court of Appeal gave a qualified and cautious
interpretation of the decision as requiring a statement _to the contractor_
instead of mere conduct of the third party professional in preparing the
tender documents. The observations of McLachlin J (at [5]) that appear to
suggest that the professional’s knowledge that the purpose of supplying the
information was to allow contractors to prepare a tender could amount to an
undertaking by the professional must be read in the context of the factual
scenario in _Edgeworth_. _Edgeworth_ concerned a situation where the
professional provided the information for the specific purpose of preparing a
tender package that would be relied upon by potential contractors and was
involved in the preparation of the tender package; this may, depending on the
facts, go beyond mere knowledge and foreseeability.

45 The New Zealand Court of Appeal came to a different conclusion in _R M
Turton & Co (in liquidation) v Kerslake & Partners_ [2000] 3 NZLR 406 (“ _R M
Turton_ ”). The employer, a health authority, engaged architects to design a
hospital building, oversee the tendering and supervise the construction. The
architects engaged an engineering firm to advise on the engineering aspects,
including the mechanical services specifications and the corresponding
subcontract, and to supervise the engineering side of the construction. The
mechanical services included a heating system that required identified models
of heating pumps with a minimum output capacity of 185 kw output under certain
specified conditions. There were also fairly detailed specifications on the
oil cooler, condenser and evaporator required for the heating system. The
plaintiff company R M Turton & Co (“Turton”) obtained the tender documents
from the architects, including the mechanical services specifications which it
passed on to its mechanical subcontractors NZ Mechanical and George Mechanical
Ltd (“George Mechanical”). Turton submitted a bid which nominated NZ
Mechanical, who tendered at a cheaper price based on substituted heat pumps,
as their preferred subcontractor and George Mechanical as the alternative
subcontractor. Turton’s tender based on the specified heat pumps, with the
compliant tender submitted by George Mechanical, was accepted. Upon
construction, it was found that the heat pumps were unable to produce the
required 185 kw output. The trial judge found that this inability was due to
the performance inadequacy of the specified evaporators within the heat pump
packages supplied to George Mechanical, and these packages in essence
comprised shelf items. Turton had to bear the costs of remedial works. Turton
commenced proceedings against the employers, the architects and the engineers
for the cost of the remedial works, alleging that the mechanical services
specifications had been negligently prepared. The District Court allowed part
of Turton’s claims against the employer but dismissed the claims against the
architect and engineers, holding _inter alia_ , that Turton had assumed the
contractual obligation to provide heat pumps which would achieve the specified
performance criteria. On appeal, the High Court upheld the District Court’s
conclusion that the engineers did not owe a tortious duty of care to Turton.

46 In the Court of Appeal, Henry and Keith JJ agreed and upheld the decision
of the High Court that the engineers did not owe a duty of care to the
contractor. There had been a careful allocation of risk for the negligence of
the engineers (at [26]) and the imposition of a duty of care would “cut across
and be inconsistent with the overall contractual structure defining the
relationships of the various parties” (at [32]). Applying the principles in
_Hedley Bryne_ , the majority further held (at [28]–[30]) that the engineers
were not possessed of a special skill that the contractor was relying upon,
and there was thus no justification for holding that the engineers had
voluntarily assumed a responsibility to the contractor. Notably, the majority
distinguished _Edgeworth_ and expressly departed (at [35]) from the approach
of the Supreme Court of Canada in finding a _prima facie_ duty of care that
may _subsequently_ be negated by the relevant contractual framework; instead,
the imposition of the duty would depend on a consideration of all the
circumstances, including the contractual framework.

47 Thomas J issued a robust dissent, disagreeing with the findings of the
majority that the engineers had not assumed responsibility for the accuracy of
the specifications or that the contractor had not reasonably relied on the
specifications (at [84] and [86]). Thomas J also held (at [109]) that the
contractual structure did not preclude the liability of the engineers to the
contractor on the basis of the principles in _Hedley Byrne_ , and approved (at
[120]) of the basic logic underlying the reasoning of the Supreme Court of
Canada in _Edgeworth_ , _viz_ , that proximity was made out once the elements
of assumption of responsibility and reliance were satisfied and the tort law
of negligence would as, a general rule, apply unless negated by contract.

48 I now turn to two English cases, a decision of the Court of Appeal in _J
Jarvis and Sons Ltd v Castle Wharf Developments and others_ [2001] EWCA Civ 19
(“ _J Jarvis_ ”) and a more recent High Court decision in _Galliford Try
Infrastructure Ltd and another v Mott MacDonald Ltd_ [2008] EWHC 1570 (“
_Galliford Try_ ”).

49 _J Jarvis_ involved facts that are not found in the usual building
contracts. The employer was engaged to provide an office tower for
Northcliffe, a newspaper company. The tower was in a prominent and sensitive
location in Nottingham and was constrained by planning requirements; the town
planners, who wanted to retain Northcliffe’s commercial presence in
Nottingham, took a close interest in the approval of plans for that tower. The
employer was determined to obtain planning permission but nonetheless wanted
the least expensive scheme satisfactory to Northcliffe. The planners, on the
other hand, wanted to exercise control to ensure high quality design and
architecture and imposed unusually onerous conditions for approval. The
employer and their architects, Franklin Ellis, had many meetings with the
planners over the planning approval and design of the tower. The employer also
engaged the defendant, Gleeds, a quantity surveyor, to coordinate the
construction project and pass information to contractors. When the employer
thought it had planning approval on a certain basis, it got Gleeds, on its
behalf, to invite Jarvis to tender for the design and construction of the
tower. That invitation enclosed various documents, plans and drawings and
Employer’s Requirements which was expressed to contain a summary of known
constraints to assist Jarvis in formulating proposals and submitting a tender.
The contract was eventually awarded to Jarvis and many problems subsequently
ensued in the obtaining of planning permission. Jarvis brought claims alleging
that the employer, Franklin Ellis and Gleeds had been negligent. The relevant
aspect of this case involved Jarvis’ claim that Gleeds owed it a duty not to
misrepresent that the scheme contained in its contractor proposals would
comply with the planning permission that had been obtained and that Jarvis had
relied on such misrepresentations. After an 18-day trial on the preliminary
issues, the trial judge held that, _inter alia_ , Jarvis was entitled to
recover for loss and damage caused by negligence for which the employer and
Gleeds were responsible and dismissed the defence that Jarvis was
contributorily negligent. On appeal, the Court of Appeal allowed the appeal
and dismissed Jarvis’s claim against Gleeds.

50 The Court of Appeal recognised (at [51]) that the English courts had been
slow to recognise a duty of care where a professional agent provides
information to a third party with whom his principal has, or is about to enter
into, a contractual relationship. However, the court went on to state that it
was prepared to assume, without deciding the point, that Gleeds could owe a
duty of care to the plaintiff contractor who tendered on the basis of the
information provided, and made the following statement of general principle
(at [53]):

... There is no reason in principle why the professional agent of the employer
cannot become liable to a contractor for negligent misstatements made by the
agent to a contractor to induce the contractor to tender, if the contractor
relies on those misstatements. But whether a duty of care in fact arises in
any given situation must depend on all the circumstances, including in
particular the terms of what was said to the contractor.

After going through the facts in great detail, the Court of Appeal held that
the factual findings of the trial judge, who had sadly died in the meanwhile,
were uncertain and the court was unable to reach a conclusive decision that
the quantity surveyor did in fact owe the contractor a duty of care (at [59]).
The Court of Appeal therefore did not provide any detailed reasoning for the
preliminary conclusion that a duty of care was not strictly precluded, nor did
it make any affirmative finding on this basis. I note that the Court of Appeal
confined the potential liability to negligent misstatements that were made by
the agent _to induce_ the contractor to tender; it did not include any
misstatement that came to the contractor’s knowledge or was conveyed to him.

51 _Galliford Try_ involved a claim by a contractor, who undertook a design-
and-build project, for economic losses it had suffered as a result of delays
and additional redesign work that it had not adequately factored into its
contract price due to carelessly provided information by the consulting
engineers. Although the engineers had liaised extensively with the contractor
and had provided tender information directly, Akenhead J held that the
engineers did not owe the contractor a duty of care as there was no assumption
of responsibility by the engineers, who were at all material times employed
only by the main developers of the project and had not been involved in the
contractor’s pricing plans. Akenhead J further observed (at [315]):

In the ordinary course of events, I have no doubt that an architect or
engineer engaged by a developer would not owe any duty of care (at least in
relation to economic loss) to tendering contractors even though the latter had
been supplied by the architect or engineer with tender information, drawings
and specification upon which to base their tenders. The successful tenderer
would be considered to have taken the risk in respect of that information. …

The judgment in _Galliford Try_ comprised some 424 paragraphs where the judge
went into great detail to analyse the evidence and facts to see whether a duty
of care arose under the _Hedley Byrne_ principles. His judgment bears reading
also because the learned judge was a leading construction silk in his day.

52 Two threads are discernible from the above cases. First, in my view,
statements made or information prepared by third party consultants employed by
the employer that is given to prospective contractors are not, without more,
to be treated as statements or information which constitute _Hedley Byrne_
type statements, information or advice leading to liability. It is normal in
the context of a building contract for consultants to convey information and,
without more, there is no imputation of any assumption of responsibility by
the consultants. Secondly, the manner in which the various contracts are
structured and how risk has been allocated between the various parties forms
the indispensable context and is an important factor in analysing whether the
contractual relationships show or support intentions regarding the assumption
or allocation of risk or responsibility inconsistent with the claimed duty in
tort. The various contractual provisions which bind different parties have to
be considered. Building and construction contracts for larger projects are all
about the allocation of risk and responsibility; often, tied to that risk is
the responsibility of insuring risks that are insurable. In referring to
claims under the _Hedley Byrne_ principle, Akenhead J made the following
observation (at [190(c)] of _Galliford Try_):

It is always necessary to consider the circumstances and context, commercial,
contractual and factual, including the contractual structure, in which the
inter-relationship between the parties to and by whom tortious duties are said
to be owed arises. Thus, it is not every careless misstatement which is
actionable or gives rise to a duty of care. Foreseeability of loss is not
enough.

Whilst factually most contractors will rely on information gleaned from tender
documents, including the drawings and specifications, what is relevant is the
issue of _legal_ assumption of responsibility and reliance.

53 With these principles in mind, I now turn to the facts of the case. Four
factors stand out in relation to Resource Piling’s claim that Geospecs owed it
a duty of care.

54 First, Geospecs is a specialised soil investigator and in carrying out its
soil investigations on a site, it must know that three persons or groups
would, or potentially would, rely on the information and data it produces. I
have already mentioned the developer and his consultant engineer. The
developer’s engineer would want to know the subsoil conditions so that he can
design and choose the kind of foundations required and the developer would
want to know the cost of construction and the time it would take for the
construction. The other group would be the contractors – the piling contractor
and the superstructure contractor. They would need to know the subsoil to
decide on the kind of temporary works required and construction methodology.
In the present case, the Developer intended to construct basement car parks
which would involve excavation. In addition, there were other buildings and
structures in close proximity to the site, including the MRT line and reserve,
and different construction methods might be necessitated by different types of
subsoil conditions. Underlying those interests are those of the insurers and
their specialist reinsurers (who often bear 90 to 95% of the eventual risk)
who have become increasingly interested in subsoil conditions as one of the
main factors to rate the risk.

55 Secondly, in the context of the Singapore building construction industry,
Geospecs would reasonably expect and know that at least the Geospec Logs would
be made available to the contractors tendering for the piling and
superstructure works. Geospecs initially pleaded that it did not know that the
Geospecs Logs would be incorporated into the Tender Documents; fortunately for
their credibility, Mr Tan candidly conceded during cross-examination that he
was aware that the Geospecs Logs would be provided to the piling contractors
to price their bids:[note: 16]

MR LEO:Mr Tan, when you drilled the bore hole, did you know it would finally
be given to piling contractors to price their tender?

A:Yes.

...

Q:But logically, you have been in this trade for so long, you should know that
ultimately it will form part of the tender specification to call for tender.

A:Yes, but how they incorporate the document to the tenderer, we don’t know.

Q:That’s a fair point, okay. For these contractors, your bore hole would be
relied on to tender, correct?

A:Yes.

It would have been entirely unrealistic for Mr Tan to contend otherwise given
the prevalent industry practice. Geospecs therefore must have foreseen and was
probably aware at the material time that the Geospecs Logs would be relied
upon in some form by a contractor in the position of Resource Piling or the
main contractor for the superstructure. It is my experience, and I can
additionally take judicial notice of the fact, that in the larger construction
contracts, the borehole logs are invariably included as part of the tender and
eventual contract documents.

56 Thirdly, although cl 1.6 of the General Specifications stated that Resource
Piling was given the option to conduct its own soil investigations before
tendering if it so wished, piling contractors are seldom given enough time to
carry out soil investigations of their own in the short time interval between
collecting the tender documents and the deadline for the submission of
tenders. This necessitates piling contractors relying on the borehole logs of
soil investigators to submit their tender bids. Resource Piling alluded to
this in the evidence of Mr Foo, who claimed that although Resource Piling was
contractually entitled to conduct its own soil investigation, it was not
practically possible to do so within the two week time frame to submit its
tender; Resource Piling therefore had no choice but to rely on the Geospecs
Logs.[note: 17] This is the reality in Singapore’s building contract
environment, and I recognise that this is a necessary constraint under which
most, if not all, contractors have to operate.

57 Having said that, what exactly is meant by “relying on” the borehole logs
to price or base their tender bids? In my judgment, there is no mathematical
correlation (as compared to assumptions, extrapolation and estimation) between
the pricing methods used by piling contractors and the borehole logs. The
borehole logs are invariably used by piling tenderers to give them an
approximate idea of the general soil conditions. They do not calculate the
length of the pile through different layers of soil with different costing on
each layer and then build up the price of the piles. They look, for example,
for the depth of the water table and whether underground water will be a
problem; they may generally see if there is marine clay and if so how thick
the layer is, what depth it is at and what the sandwiching layers of soil are;
they may look generally to see what the lower layers consist of so that they
know if they have to socket into rock and what length the socketing has to be
or whether they will have difficulties with ‘soft toes’ at the foundation
levels which may affect the end-bearing capacity of the pile. They may want to
know if driven piles into the subsoil may cause excessive vibration and damage
to neighbouring properties or buildings. These factors affect construction and
the time to do so.

58 I accept that if a piling contractor sees a rock layer underlain by softer
layers, he will have to bore through that layer before reaching the foundation
level and that may affect price. Also, if there are large boulders, measures
will have to be taken to avoid any mistakes in construction based on an
erroneous assumption that the foundation level has been reached. The presence
of rock at the foundation level is seldom a problem as all it means is that
the piling contractor should check the drawings or specifications to see the
depth of and therefore his cost estimate for the socketing. However, Resource
Piling’s case is on a broader front – the Geospecs Logs only indicated rock
around one area (the north-eastern corner of the larger Western plot around
BH-5 and BH-6), whereas they encountered rock in almost every other area of
the Site. I will deal more fully with this below as there are other factors to
be taken into consideration.

59 Fourthly, there was no disclaimer of responsibility or a notation or clause
– which is sometimes found in soil investigation reports – to the effect that
the Report was prepared solely for and for the purposes of the developer and
its consultant and that the maker expressly accepts no responsibility towards
any other third party whatsoever and who relies on the same at his own risk.
The terms on which Geospecs provided the soil investigation results to
Longrove or the Developer clearly did not contain an express disclaimer as to
the accuracy of the Geospecs Logs. Although Mr Tan asserted that Geospecs had
preserved its position in this respect, he could only point to a single line
in the Report when cross-examined:[note: 18]

MR LEO:Yes. Where is your disclaimer?

...

A:... “The pile penetration length, may, however, depend on the type of piling
system to be adopted, on any inherent special variations of the substrata and
on the intended loads to be carried out by the piles. Presence of boulders
probably due to differential weathering is expected within the residual
layer.”

So this presence of boulders if already found in bore hole 6, so it could have
it in any part of the site.

MR LEO:This would be the disclaimer you are talking about?

A:Yes.

This statement was clearly not in the nature of an unambiguous and unequivocal
disclaimer of responsibility that sufficed to exclude a _prima facie_
assumption of responsibility.

60 However, in my judgment, although I am satisfied that Resource Piling was
not practically able to ascertain the accuracy of the Geospecs Logs and that
Geospecs had knowledge that the information contained in the Geospecs Logs
would be conveyed to and relied upon by Resource Piling to price their
tenders, these _per se_ are not sufficient to establish proximity. On the
contrary, there are at least five other countervailing factors that militate
against a finding that there was an assumption of responsibility by Geospecs
or a corresponding reasonable reliance by Resource Piling.

61 First and foremost, Geospecs was engaged by the Developer to conduct soil
investigations, ascertain water table measurements, record field Standard
Penetration Test (“SPT”) values, obtain undisturbed samples to enable tests to
be carried out to obtain information on moisture content, bulk density,
Atterberg limits, shear strength in triaxial compression and consolidation and
other data _for the Developer and its consultant_ for the purposes of pile
design. This was expressly stated in the scope of works in the Soil
Investigation Contract and the articulated purposes of the investigation. I
accept that once the engineer has decided on the choice of piles and the
foundation design based on the Report, information from this Report, including
the Geospecs Logs, would be used to prepare the tender specifications and
drawings for tender.

62 Secondly, the Soil Investigation Report was _not_ primarily for tendering
purposes and neither was it for any express purpose of enabling the piling
tenderer _to calculate_ his price. The Report consisted of some 203 pages. The
Geospecs Logs for the 11 boreholes only comprised some 22 pages. The Report
itself comprised 11 pages. The rest, which formed the bulk of the Report, were
mainly detailed test data and results, graphs and laboratory test results
which were clearly intended not for a piling contractor’s use but for
Longrove’s use in designing the foundations. The Report also contained
Geospecs’ recommendations for the type of soil encountered and the recommended
pile to be used. There was no passing of such information directly from
Geospecs to Resource Piling, and neither was the Report addressed directly or
indirectly to Resource Piling as the successful piling tenderer. In fact,
there was no evidence before me that there was any immediate contact between
Geospecs or Resource Piling right up to the time that the writ of summons was
filed. All communications took place through the Developer or Longrove.

63 Thirdly, and consequent upon the second reason, only a small part of the
entire Report was made available to Resource Piling, namely, the Geospecs
Logs. Clause 1.6 of the General Specifications stated that “an _extract_ of
the Soil Investigation Report [was] enclosed…for information” [emphasis
added], and it was thus clear that the full Report was not included. It is
noteworthy that soil investigation, if properly done, only gives a snapshot of
the cross-section of the soil which the bore went through. It does not say
what the soil _is_ ten metres away. If another borehole is sunk 20 metres
away, then only a very approximate extrapolation of the _likely_ soil profile
is obtained by placing these borelogs at two ends of a page and connecting the
layers. Sometimes, three or more borelogs are used in this fashion when
extrapolating the likely soil profile along a longer axis. The point is, the
analysis is not continuous, and because this is after all an extrapolation, it
cannot show _exactly_ the precise different soils or boulders or rock which
may exist between any two boreholes. It has to be remembered that soil
investigation borelogs are by their very nature limited in number across a
much larger site and do not necessarily accurately profile the subsoil at a
site; that is why employers and their consultants in Singapore always provide
that the risk of different or adverse soil conditions is on the piling or
superstructure contractor. Geospecs sank 11 boreholes whereas Piling Resources
had to construct 442 bored piles across the site. These are facts, general as
well as particular, that have to be weighed in deciding whether the first test
of proximity can be satisfied.

64 It is therefore erroneous for Resource Piling to say that only two (BH-5
and BH-6) out of the 11 boreholes drilled by Geospecs indicated the presence
of rock and that they could therefore anticipate that approximately only 18%
of their piles would encounter rock, or that two out of 11 of the boreholes,
which were adjacent to each other, indicated the presence of rock and that
Resource Piling could therefore safely extrapolate that it would not encounter
rock elsewhere across the Site. That was therefore an _assumption_ Resource
Piling made. It accordingly took the risk, in the contractual context, of that
assumption being wrong. Mr Foo’s evidence[note: 19] clearly bears out his
extrapolation and therefore assumptions he made in working out his tender
price. Geospecs also pointed out (in my view very validly so, given the
context), that they did not know the Report was not made available to Resource
Piling. The Report stated at p 11 that:[note: 20]

Piles may be founded within the very dense/hard/weathered rock stratum …
_Presence of boulders_ probably due to differential weathering _is expected
within the residual layer_. [emphasis in italics added]

Although this does not say rock can be expected, it clearly opines that
boulders can be expected, _ie_ , drilling or coring through boulders may have
to be carried out before reaching the layers below them. Therefore, while I
would accept that it was reasonable for Resource Piling to have relied on the
Geospecs Logs as one of the considerations in preparing their tender, I do not
think it can be said with equal strength that it was reasonable to rely on the
Geospecs Logs as enabling them to determine with accuracy that only 18% of the
piles would hit rock. There was an element of risk that is inherent in
extrapolating the overall soil profile of the Site based on 11 data points,
and I believe that Resource Piling must have been aware of that.

65 Fourthly, also of importance is that there are different ways in which
piling contractors price their works and Geospecs would not know which pricing
structure would be adopted as between the Developer and Resource Piling. For
bored piles, tenderers can price their piles by length and diameter of the
pile with different rates for boring through soil, boring through soft soils
(where there might be a need for additives to help stabilise the surrounding
soil) and boring through rock or large boulders when they are encountered in
the subsoil. They can also make provision for underground obstructions, like
old structures sunken in the subsoil. There was no suggestion at all that
Geospecs was aware how Longrove would structure the pricing for the tender or
that Resource Piling would price their tender purely by the length and
diameter of the pile, irrespective of the type of soil it encountered in its
construction of the bored piles. I note that in the case of Geospecs, it
protected itself by providing that its lump sum quote did not include rock
coring and if required it would charge $150 per metre subject to a minimum of
three metres per borehole. The bill of quantities issued by Geospecs also
stipulated that boring in soil would be priced at a rate of $20 per metre
whereas diamond drilling through solid rock or material with SPT results of
not less than 100 blows per 300mm was at a rate of $180 per metre. I do not
think there was evidence of any close relationship between the parties as
there apparently was in _Miller_ or _Edgeworth_ that would support the
imputation of an assumption of responsibility on the part of Geospecs in
relation to Resource Piling’s reliance on the Geospecs Logs for tendering
purposes. It had not participated in the drawing up of the tender documents or
specifications or prepared the Geospecs Logs with the intention that it be
used by Resource Piling.

66 Fifthly, in the context of the Singapore building and construction
industry, the risk of adverse subsoil conditions is variably borne by the
contractor. None of the standard building contract forms commonly in use in
Singapore provide otherwise. This is the well-known and accepted commercial
environment of long standing that both Geospecs and Resource Piling operated
within. Hence, the terms of the Piling Contract and Tender Documents
repeatedly emphasised that as between the Developer and Resource Piling, the
risk that the ground conditions may be different from that indicated in the
Geospecs Logs lay _solely_ on Resource Piling:

(a) Clause 16(b) of the Piling Contract and cl 1.2.3 of the Bored Pile
Specifications clearly excluded any warranty from the Developer and Longrove
with respect to the accuracy of the Geospecs Logs and absolved the Developer
and Longrove from any liability to Resource Piling on this basis.

(b) Clauses 1.6 and 1.10 of the General Specifications and cll 1.2.3 and 4.2.4
of the Bored Pile Specifications expressly provided that the contractor
tendered for the piling work on the Site on a fixed price per metre basis and
no extra cost or time would be allowed in the event that difficult ground
conditions were encountered on the Site.

(c) Clauses 7 and 11(d) of the Piling Contract, cl 1.6 of the General
Specifications and cl 1.2.2 of the Bored Pile Specifications stated that
Resource Piling was deemed to have inspected the Site and satisfied itself as
to the ground and subsoil conditions.

The cumulative effect of these contractual terms was that Resource Piling
accepted by its contract that it was not entitled to claim extra payment for
the additional costs of coring through rock, _ie_ , no extra payment would be
due if there were unanticipated conditions that rendered the piling work more
onerous or expensive to perform in accordance with the contractual
specifications. Also, by contract, Resource Piling accepted payment according
to a single variable of the length of the bored piles; this was an all
inclusive price whether or not Resource Piling had to bore or core through
soft soils, medium stiff soils, hard soils or rock or had to use any special
tools or equipment.

67 Given the factual circumstances surrounding the relationship between
Geospecs and Resource Piling, including the fact that this relationship was
not formed directly but through the conduit of the contractual relationship
between Resource Piling and the Developer, I am of the view that apart from
Geospecs’ knowledge that prospective piling contractors would rely on the
Geospecs Logs to price the tender, there was no other element which would
justify the imputation of an undertaking of responsibility by Geospecs. There
was no physical proximity in terms of immediacy of relationship, nor was there
circumstantial proximity in the sense of Geospecs performing the soil
investigation on behalf of the Developer for the _immediate purpose_ of
conferring some benefit on Resource Piling or to assist Resource Piling. As Mr
Tan averred – and this was confirmed by Resource Piling’s expert witness Dr
Ting Seng Kiong (“Dr Ting”) – the borehole logs were prepared to enable the
project engineer to design the foundations and to prepare the engineer’s
estimate and tender specifications. Geospecs’ information was thus provided to
the Developer for the primary purpose of the planning and design of the
foundations; the contractors who relied on the information to price their
tenders were ancillary recipients of that piece of work. Most crucially, I
find that the overall contractual and commercial context – as the two general
threads running through all the factors above – explicitly and implicitly
evinces the parties’ intentions to allocate the entire risk of any economic
loss arising from inaccuracies in the information provided in the Geospecs
Logs to the contractor tendering for the piling work on the Site. This
undermines any direct assumption of responsibility by Geospecs to Resource
Piling. It was Resource Piling that failed to adequately price for the risk
that it undertook.

68 I recognise the possible countervailing argument that it does not follow
that Resource Piling is not entitled to claim from Geospecs in tort _because_
Resource Piling cannot claim against the Developer under the Piling Contract.
The presence of a contractual relationship between Resource Piling and the
Developer and the rubric of risk allocation in contract need not necessarily
mirror the position of Resource Piling _qua_ a third party professional in
tort. I accept the general principles behind the reasoning in _Miller_ and
_Edgeworth_ , _viz_ , that a duty in tort cannot be “ousted” by a contractual
duty, and _a fortiori_ when the duties in contract and tort do not
exhaustively occupy the same ground. However, I also do not consider it
particularly helpful to frame arguments in terms of abstract theoretical
propositions of whether parallel duties in contract and tort are logically
inconsistent by the legal nature of the causes of action. In considering the
issue of legal proximity, all the facts and circumstances of the case have to
be considered. The question before me accordingly is this: given that Geospecs
and Resource Piling were brought into a relationship by the Tender Documents
and Piling Contract, did this contractual structure indicate that Resource
Piling should be deemed, by inference, to have also accepted the risk of the
ground conditions being materially different from that indicated in the
Geospecs Logs _vis-à-vis_ Geospecs?

69 In answering this question, I respectfully prefer and adopt the approach of
the majority in _R M Turton_ , which I consider to be consonant with the
_Spandeck_ Test. The unified two-stage test for a duty of care in _Spandeck_
does not separate the questions of whether a _prima facie_ duty of care arises
out of an assumption of responsibility and whether the contractual framework
negates the duty of care; both factors are part of the open-textured enquiry
under the first limb of whether legal proximity has been established. Of
course, to the extent that the contractual structure may additionally be
regarded as a relevant policy consideration, it may negate a _prima facie_
duty of care; this is, however, an inquiry from a different and broader
perspective.

70 In my judgment, the principle applied by the majority of the New Zealand
Court of Appeal in _R M Turton_ is directly relevant to the present
circumstances and correct. The Court of Appeal held that where the chain of
contracts had carefully defined the rights and obligations of the various
parties, there is little justification for holding that the third party
professional had voluntarily assumed a responsibility to the contractor in
tort. The allocation of risk in the respective contracts indicate that as
between Geospecs and the Developer, in the absence of any exclusion of
liability, the general risk of the accuracy of the soil investigation report
fell on Geospecs. As between Resource Piling and the Developer, Resource
Piling bore the risk of any possible variations in the actual ground
conditions as the contractual price was based on prices measured by the metre
length of the bored piles _irrespective_ of the actual subsoil encountered. In
this manner, the risk that the Geospecs Logs did not reflect actual ground
conditions was expressed to be borne by Resource Piling. In the circumstances,
I do not consider that the parties contracted on the basis that the risk could
be passed across the network of contracts through a tortious duty and do not
see any basis to find that Geospecs had, in addition to the contractual duties
that it owed to the Developer, assumed the risk of any losses arising out of
Resource Piling’s performance of the separate Piling Contract.

71 I acknowledge that a similar argument on risk allocation and
responsibilities under contract was rejected by the Court of Appeal of
California in _Miller_. The Court of Appeal stated as follows (at [4]):

It must be remembered, however, that this contract was one between [the
contractor] and the district, and [the soil engineers] was not a party
thereto. The fact that [the contractor] chose to assume certain
responsibilities and to waive certain liabilities in favour of the district
and its engineer does not necessarily result in a determination that its
rights and duties as against the engineers were the same. … No mention
whatever is made of respondent’s liability for inaccuracies.

With respect, this argument merely begs the question, and I decline to follow
_Miller_. If the soil engineer was an independent third party, and was not a
party to or a participant in the performance of the main contract between the
contractor and the employer, then in the ordinary course of things, that
contract would not have expressly defined the engineer’s _contractual_ scope
of responsibilities simply because the employer has no reason to protect the
engineer’s interests. The rights and liabilities that the contractor has
undertaken in relation to the employer therefore likewise should not
necessarily result in a determination that its rights and liabilities in
relation to a third party should not be deemed to be the same, particularly if
that third party is also involved in the overall network of contracts within a
building and construction project.

72 Finally, I turn to the submission that the proximity test was satisfied
here because, unlike the case in _Pacific Associates Inc v Baxter_ [1990] 1 QB
993 (“ _Pacific Associates_ ”) and _Spandeck_ , Resource Piling had no
contractual remedy against the Developer if the Geospecs Logs failed to
provide an accurate estimate of the ground conditions. I am unable to accept
Resource Piling’s argument that the absence of an adequate contractual remedy
for Resource Piling in such an event must mean that Resource Piling placed
greater reliance on the Geospecs Logs and that legal proximity under the first
limb of the _Spandeck_ Test was therefore enhanced.

73 In _Pacific Associates_ and _Spandeck_ , the courts held that a certifier
of work done under a contract did not owe a duty of care to the contractor to
exercise professional skill and judgment in certifying payment for work done
so as to avoid causing the contractor loss as a result of undervaluation or
under-certification of the works. A crucial part of the reasoning in both
cases was that the contract between the employer and contractor, under which
the scope of the certifier’s employment was defined, contained arbitration
clauses that gave the contractor a remedy against the employer for any under-
certification of works by the certifier. The courts therefore held that it
could not be said that the certifier had assumed any responsibility to the
contractor, and the imposition of a duty of care on the certifier would cut
across and be inconsistent with the contractual structure.

74 In my view, _Pacific Associates_ and _Spandeck_ do not present analogous
fact situations to the present case; they are clearly distinguishable and are
of a different sub-category. First, the consultant certifiers there interacted
with the contractor throughout the pre-construction, construction and post-
construction phases and were active participants in the administration of the
construction contract. They belong to a different class of consultants in a
building and construction contract. Their functions were also of a very
different nature and were set out in the main contract between the employer
and the contractor. This is quite unlike the soil investigator who does his
one-time investigation, presents his findings and test data and leaves the
stage unless he is engaged to do further boreholes and reports. Secondly, I do
not read _Pacific Associates_ and _Spandeck_ as laying down a rule of general
application that a duty of care will not be inconsistent with the contractual
structure if there is no adequate contractual machinery that addresses the
particular loss that the contractor claims to have suffered. It was but one of
the factors (although I would accept, an important one) considered by the
courts when assessing whether the proximity test was satisfied. Thirdly,
_Pacific Associates_ and _Spandeck_ are cases relating to the professional’s
negligent performance of functions which, as I have noted, are defined in the
main contract between the contractor and the employer. They are not cases akin
to the _Hedley Bryne_ type of factual scenarios involving a negligent
misstatement by a professional to a contractor who relies on it in relation to
his decision to enter into a contract, where the twin criteria of a voluntary
assumption of responsibility and reliance come to the fore.

75 Where the very basis of the professional’s duties stems from the main
contract, and the professional is entrusted with certain direct functions in
relation to the contractor, the availability of a comprehensive contractual
remedy governing the rights and responsibilities of the parties in relation to
losses arising from the performance of the professional’s functions would be
an important indicator that the contractor should be deemed by inference to
have voluntarily accepted the limited role played by the professional and that
the contractor should look only to its contractual remedies against the
employer. In this context, the availability (or otherwise) of a contractual
remedy is understandably of some importance. In contrast, the involvement of
Geospecs was not expressly contemplated by the Piling Contract save to the
extent that information in the form of the Geospecs Logs was provided to
Resource Piling in the course of calling for tenders for the contract. The
lack of remedies afforded to Resource Piling against the Developer under the
Piling Contract does not provide any indication as to whether Resource Piling
had therefore contracted on the implied contemplation that it would
alternatively have recourse against Geospecs – a party whose “participation”
in the Piling Contract was merely incidental – should the information on the
subsoil conditions which formed the assumptions for its contract price
subsequently turn out to be inaccurate, or whether Geospecs had accepted this
responsibility or obligation. Instead, as I have alluded to above, the lack of
a remedy is simply another indication of the allocation of risk that Resource
Piling was prepared to accept.

76 The present case is instead analogous to cases like _Caparo Industries_ ,
where shareholders who bought into a company failed in their claim against the
company’s auditors for negligence in relation to the conduct of an audit and
preparation of a report for the annual accounts, and _Simaan General
Contracting Co v Pilkington Glass Ltd (No 2)_ [1988] QB 758, where a main
contractor failed in its action for negligence against the supplier of its
subcontractor, alleging that the supplier owed it, the main contractor, a duty
of care in respect of economic loss suffered by it as a result of the glass
supplied being of an allegedly wrong colour. Bingham LJ, as he then was, said
at 782D–E:

… Here, [the main contractor’s] real (and understandable) complaint is that
Pilkington’s [the supplier of the subcontractor] failure to supply goods in
conformity with the specification _has rendered their main contract less
profitable. This is a type of claim against which, if laid in tort, the law
has consistently set its face._ [emphasis in italics added]

Although the effect of _Spandeck_ is that there is no longer any exclusionary
rule against the recovery of particular types of loss, I agree that when
separate and independent contracts are involved, absent special circumstances,
an assumption of responsibility in relation to economic loss is not readily
found between parties who are brought into a relationship only because they
are interposed by a mutual third party.

77 For the reasons set out above, I find that Resource Piling has failed to
establish proximity under the first limb of the _Spandeck_ Test.

Policy considerations

78 Having found no legal proximity on the facts of this case, it is moot
whether policy arguments may negate a _prima facie_ duty of care under the
second limb of the _Spandeck_ Test. However in the event that I am wrong, I
briefly set out my reasons explaining why, when applied to these facts, policy
considerations will negate a duty of care. It should also be noted that while
the Court of Appeal in _Animal Concerns_ (at [77]) held that the _Spandeck_
Test does not preclude the court from having due regard to positive policy
considerations, the implicit assumption underlying the decision was that
policy considerations _alone_ cannot operate in an active manner to impose a
duty of care where there is otherwise no proximity under the first stage of
the _Spandeck_ Test. I now turn to briefly address the policy considerations
canvassed by the parties.

79 Resource Piling submitted that the Building Control (Amendment) Regulations
2008 sought to increase the accountability of those engaged in soil
investigation works so as to avoid structural and safety issues that may
subsequently surface due to improperly designed foundations. There was
therefore a policy element of public interest and safety in imposing a duty of
care not to perform soil investigation works negligently. It was also
impossible, as a matter of practical reality, for Resource Piling to verify
the Geospecs Logs by performing the soil investigation works itself, and
Resource Piling was therefore compelled to rely on the soil investigator.

80 Geospecs contended that if there was proximity between the parties, it
should be negated for policy reasons. It argued that allowing Resource Piling
to claim for the extra costs of rock socketing would circumvent the
contractual allocation of risk by allowing it to claim from Geospecs what it
had otherwise given up contractually from the Developer. If Geospecs were
liable for Resource Piling’s losses, it would effectively become an insurer
for losses that Resource Piling made on the Piling Contract as a result of a
bad bargain. This was not the legislative purpose of the Building Control
(Amendment) Regulations 2008.

The statutory framework and the objective of promoting safety in the
construction industry

81 An important policy consideration for the court under the second limb of
the _Spandeck_ Test is whether the imposition of a common law duty of care
would be inconsistent with a statutory duty governing the same subject matter:
see _Spandeck_ at [53].

82 The primary objective of the Building Control Act is to create a regulatory
framework that gives powers to the Building Authority to regulate building
works and the safety of buildings, implements a system of independent checking
and supervision by accredited checkers and qualified persons, and places a
responsibility on contractors to construct buildings safely and in accordance
with the approved building plans and regulations: see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates_ , _Official Report_ (16 February 1989) vol 52 at col 668. Section 11
of the Building Control Act and reg 31 of the BCR define the duties of
builders engaged in site investigation works for the purpose of ensuring that
the relevant work is carried out competently and in compliance with industry
practice and professional standards. As I have discussed above, the statutory
regime is intended to promote a common denominator of safety standards and
competence in the industry for the public benefit; it does not purport to
regulate the rights and commercial interests of private parties involved in
the construction industry as between each other. I agree with Geospecs that
there is nothing to indicate that the Building Control Act and BCR
contemplated that all legal liability in respect of economic losses suffered
by Resource Piling as a result of Geospecs’ failure to discharge its statutory
duties under reg 31 of the BCR should fall on Geospecs through a coextensive
remedy in tort. I cannot dispute that it is desirable for Geospecs to
meticulously discharge its statutory duties and that this would advance the
purpose of protecting public safety, but imposing a duty on Geospecs owed to a
piling contractor or subcontractor on the present facts has no rational or
plausible relation to this objective. This is achieved through regulatory or
criminal sanctions – which are expressly provided for in reg 50 of the BCR –
and not through a private remedy in tort for _economic losses_. While I
therefore do not consider that the statutory framework expressly militates
against the imposition of a duty of care by reason of inconsistency, I am of
the view that there are no positive policy reasons in favour of a duty of care
either.

Practical limitations on piling contractors, risk allocation and the
contractual context

83 In _Edgeworth_ , McLachlin J made the following observation (at [18]) on
the practical realities of construction contracts which merits citing _in
extenso_ :

One important policy consideration weighs against the engineering firm. _If
the engineering firm is correct, then contractors bidding on construction
contracts will be obliged to do their own engineering. In the typically short
period allowed for the filing of tenders — in this case about two weeks — the
contractor would be obliged, at the very least, to conduct a thorough
professional review of the accuracy of the engineering design and information,
work which in this case took over two years._ The task would be difficult, if
not impossible. Moreover, each tendering contractor would be obliged to hire
its own engineers and repeat a process already undertaken by the owner. The
result would be that the engineering for the job would be done not just once,
by the engineers hired by the owner, but a number of times. This duplication
of effort would doubtless be reflected in higher bid prices, and ultimately, a
greater cost to the public which ultimately bears the cost of road
construction. _From an economic point of view, it makes more sense for one
engineering firm to do the engineering work, which the contractors in turn are
entitled to rely on, absent disclaimers or limitations on the part of the
firm. In fact, the short tender period suggests that in reality this is the
way the process works; contractors who wish to bid have no choice but to rely
on the design and documents prepared by the engineering firm. It is on this
basis that they submit their bids and on this basis that the successful bidder
enters into the contract. The fact that the contractor may agree to exempt the
party inviting tenders from liability for the design process does not suggest
that it thereby should be taken to have exempted the engineering firm. In the
scheme of things, it makes good practical and economic sense to place the
responsibility for the adequacy of the design on the shoulders of the
designing engineering firm, assuming reasonable reliance and barring
disclaimers. The risk of liability to compensate third parties for design
error will be reflected in the cost of the engineers' services to the owner
inviting tenders._ But that is a much better result than requiring the owner
to pay not only the engineering firm which it retains, but indirectly, the
additional engineers which all tendering parties would otherwise be required
to retain.

[emphasis in italics added]

This paragraph was cited with approval by Thomas J in his dissenting judgment
in _R M Turton_ (at [132]). Thomas J stressed that the limitations in the
tendering process necessitated reliance on information provided by the
professional (at [129]), and that it was unrealistic, given the fiercely
competitive nature of the tendering process, to require a contractor to either
refrain from tendering or request the employer to protect him from loss (at
[128]).

84 While Resource Piling did not expressly advance a similar argument in
relation to the second _Spandeck_ limb of policy considerations, Resource
Piling did allude to this in Mr Foo’s evidence that it was impossible to
conduct its own soil investigation in the two weeks it had to submit its
tender. I accept this evidence on the realities of the tendering process that
are not reflected in the apparent contractual rights that parties are
conferred, but do not think that this is a valid policy consideration that
would support the imposition of a duty of care.

85 First, while the economic efficiency rationale proffered by McLachlin J in
_Edgeworth_ appears to be an intuitively attractive and sensible one, I would
respectfully make the observation that there is no self-evident reason why the
rational economic man should be more tolerant of free-riding than he is of
waste through duplication of effort. The practical realities of the tendering
process mean that the economic waste rationale is purely theoretical and the
real issue before the court is therefore one of the allocation and spreading
of the loss, _ie_ , who should bear the burden of economic losses caused by
inaccuracies in the site investigation reports.

86 Secondly, I am sympathetic to the fact that contractors are often left in
an unenviable position where they are compelled to rely on the information
provided to them at the time of tendering and can only price their contracts
on the assumption that the information provided is accurate. However, as
pointed out by Ian Duncan Wallace in his trenchant criticism of _Edgeworth_ in
_Hudson’s Building and Engineering Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 1995)
at para 1.296A:

... [t]he Supreme Court also noted the short period allowed for tendering as a
factor supporting [architect or engineer] liability to the contractor. This is
certainly a valid observation, and indeed a common-place of construction
contracts ... and almost certainly explains the widespread use of “changed
conditions” clauses in engineering contracts. Whether or not (as seems
entirely possible if probable) such a clause existed in the _Edgeworth_
contract, however, the fact that tenderers have for more than a century been
prepared to tender at short notice at a time when they enjoyed no possible
rights against the [architect or engineer] in tort does not seem a reason for
introducing a novel liability and transfer of risk (and which would seem
independent of the time, however generous, in fact allowed for tendering).

87 The _status quo_ argument is not necessarily a cogent one in the light of
the fact that the _Hedley Bryne_ principle is a comparatively recent
development in the law of negligence. Nevertheless, in my view, it is
certainly a valid answer to point to the existence of “changed conditions”
clauses or different ways of pricing that I have referred to above in piling
contracts. Resource Piling suffered economic losses in the present case
precisely because the Piling Contract had expressly excluded Resource Piling’s
right to claim for extra payment if additional rock socketing had to be
carried out as a result of encountering rock. The practical limitations faced
by contractors could be mitigated by entering into a contract that shared the
risk between the parties, and if the contractor has entered into a contract
that did not provide for this eventuality and voluntarily undertook that risk,
I am of the view that this is a policy consideration that should negate an
extra-contractual remedy against the third party soil investigator. In
_Spandeck_ , the Court of Appeal stated that one of the factors negating the
duty of care under the second limb was this (at [83]):

… Among the relevant policy considerations would be, for example, the presence
of a contractual matrix which has clearly defined the rights and liabilities
of the parties and the relative bargaining positions of the parties.

It may well be true, as Thomas J pointed out in _R M Turton_ , that the court
is divorced from the competitive realities of the tendering process, but where
commercial men are willing to enter into what may be unequal economic
bargains, I do not see why a favourable protective stance should be adopted
towards the contractor. Inasmuch as the third party professional may price for
possible liability to the contractor, the contractor may also price for the
possibility that the contract might end up to be an unprofitable one.

Distributive justice

88 Geospecs submitted that the imposition of a duty of care would effectively
render it an insurer for the potentially large economic losses that Resource
Piling may incur on the Piling Contract, which had a contract value of
$3,608,488.41. In contrast, the value of the Soil Investigation Contract was
only $20,500.00. The implicit tenor of this submission was that the legal
liability imposed on Geospecs would be very onerous and disproportionate in
relation to the value of Geospecs’ soil investigation works.

89 The Court of Appeal in _Tan Juay Pah_ accepted, as a matter of principle,
that distributive justice in economic terms could be a relevant policy
consideration negating a _prima facie_ duty of care. The Court of Appeal held
(at [84]–[87]) that in determining where the balance of distributive justice
lies, the court may have regard to the allocation of risk and where available,
protection through insurance. In the circumstances before me, I consider that
as a matter of policy, the imposition of a duty of care owed by a third party
professional to a contractor in the tendering process would not be consistent
with distributive justice and would undermine the private allocation of risk
that parties have voluntarily entered into.

90 Participants in the construction industry are in the business of managing
commercial risks through contracting; these risks are reflected in the
contract bargain that each party is willing to accept. Given the minimal
contracting price and Geospecs’ limited scope of work in drilling 11 boreholes
over the entire site, the extent of risk that Geospecs was willing to accept
cannot reasonably extend to cascading economic losses that a contractor may
suffer in reliance on the Geospecs Logs due to an under estimation of the
costs of the works, something which was entirely out of Geospecs’ control and
within the realm of its own choice for the piling contractor. I do not think
that a third party professional, who contracts with one of the parties who
then passes information on to his contracting party, would be the best party
to shoulder risks that arise under the main contract. The contracting parties
themselves, with specialised knowledge and experience of the potential
contingencies that they may encounter in the performance of their contract as
well as the pricing variables, are better able to spread the risk through
careful contracting, and I am of the view that the law of tort should exercise
much caution and restraint before intervening in such circumstances to shunt
the risk onto the third party professional. The risk should generally lie
where it falls and where it was intended to fall, in accordance with the
agreement of commercial men.

91 I must point out that in this respect, I confine my observations above to
economic losses to contractors arising purely out of bad bargains on
hindsight, and would reserve my view on whether this consideration would have
the same force in relation to physical damage or personal injury that is
caused by the negligent conduct of soil investigation work.

92 I therefore conclude that even if Geospecs did owe Resource Piling a duty
of care under the first proximity limb of the _Spandeck_ Test, the above
policy considerations ought to negate the duty of care under the second limb.

Breach of duty and causation

93 In the event that I am wrong in my conclusions that Geospecs did not owe
Resource Piling a tortious duty of care in preparing the Geospecs Logs such
that they accurately reflected the soil conditions on the Site, I set out my
findings on the primary factual issues identified above (at [16]).

The Geospecs Logs

94 I first describe what the Geospecs Logs showed, leaving aside all other
portions of the full Report that was submitted to the Developer.

95 BH-1 and BH-2 show fairly similar subsoils. After the usual layer of fill
(up to 1.40m and 1.90m respectively), there were layers of peaty clay
(estuarine) underlain by very soft greenish grey marine clay (marine) going
down to 8.70m and 9.50m respectively where, as can be expected, there was no
resistance to the SPT blows; after that, there were varying layers of soft to
firm greyish light brown clay with fine sand at the bottom of the layer
(fluvial) extending to 11.80m and 12.30m respectively, followed by a layer of
loose fine to medium sand with fine gravel and clay, a fluvial layer
identifiable as the Kallang Formation down to 14.10m in both boreholes. This
was followed by a very dense light bluish grey and brownish grey silty fine to
coarse sand with fine to medium gravel identifiable as Old Alluvium in BH-1
and residual soil in BH-2, down to 20.30m and 16.30m respectively, with SPT of
100/18cm to 100/6cm in BH-1 and SPT of 100/19cm for BH-2. Below that there was
the final layer of very dense light bluish grey and light yellow gravelly
silty fine to coarse sand identifiable as residual soil, Bukit Timah Granite
down to 27.20m (SPT 100/6cm to SPT 100/2cm) where the bore ended for BH-1 and
down to 30.10m (SPT 100/6cm to SPT 100/2cm) where the bore ended for BH-2.

96 BH-3 and BH-4 had a similar profile, albeit with slightly different depths
for each layer with a similar end layer of residual soil – Bukit Timah Granite
from 19.80m to 30.02m (SPT 100/5 to SPT 100/2) for BH-3 and from 22.50m to
30.02m (SPT 100/4 to SPT 100/2) for BH-4.

97 BH-5 also had similar upper layers of subsoil: fill, estuarine peaty clay,
very soft greenish grey marine clay, fluvial sandy clay, fluvial coarse sand
with some fine gravel of the Kallang Formation followed by residual soil of
silty fine to coarse sand with fine to medium gravel down to 18.00m. This was
followed by rock, where a rebound was recorded by the SPT, consisting of
highly to moderately weathered granite layers down to 23.20m where the bore
ended, with a core sample taken within that last layer of rock. BH-6 had a
similar subsoil profile to BH-5 with the last layer of rock extending from a
depth of 18.70m to 30.20m where the bore ended. The SPT recorded a rebound at
a depth of 18.07m, but showed SPT of 100/17cm at about a depth of 24.00m depth
to 100/2cm at a depth of 27.00m. A core sample was taken from 18.70m to 23.00m
but no samples were recovered for the last 7m from 23.00m to 30.02m.

98 BH-7 also had similar subsoil layers as BH-1 to BH-4, but to different
depths. The same bottom layer contained residual soil of Bukit Timah Granite
which extended from 23.80m to 33.02m where the bore ended, with SPT 100/23cm,
100/08cm, 100/3cm and 100/2cm within that layer. No samples were recovered at
the depths of 27.00m and 33.00m.

99 In BH-8 to BH-11, no marine clay layer was found but there were otherwise
fairly similar layers of subsoil but to different depths:

(a)

BH-8 and BH-9 had similar layers of estuarine clay and peat, underlain with
fluvial layers of clay of the Kallang Formation, before descending into layers
of residual soils. BH-8 contained a layer of sandy silt and ended with a layer
of residual soil of Bukit Timah Granite from 17.40m to 25.52m. BH-9 contained
a layer of Old Alluvium beneath the Kallang Formation layer and ended with a
bottom layer of residual soil of Bukit Timah Granite from a depth 17.30m to
26.01m where the bore ended. Like the other boreholes, no samples were
recovered at the lower depths of this last layer.

(b)

BH-10 and BH-11 had similar layers of estuarine clay and peat, underlain with
fluvial layers of clay of the Kallang Formation before descending into layers
of residual soils, primarily hard dark reddish pink to reddish brown sandy
silt of the Jurong Formation. The last layer of BH-10 extended from 19.80m to
27.02m where the bore ended, with SPT of 100/5cm to 100/2cm. The last layer
for BH-11 extended from 22.30m to 27.02m where the bore ended, with SPT of
100/3cm to 100/2cm. Samples were not recovered at the lower depths of this
last layer.

100 Resource Piling claimed that this told them there was rock only around the
vicinity of BH-5 and BH-6 and they priced their tender accordingly. As noted
above, the UTP (which was bored between BH-10 and BH-11) hit rock at a depth
of 19.00m. By way of comparison, BH-10 and BH-11 showed no rock and terminated
in a layer of sandy silt of the Jurong Formation which commenced at 19.80m for
BH-10 and 22.30m for BH-11.

The expert evidence

101 The expert evidence for Resource Piling was given by Dr Ting, the Deputy
President (Academic) for the Singapore Institute of Technology. Dr Ting was
previously an Associate Professor at the Nanyang Technological University and
is currently a Visiting Professor of Newcastle University, United Kingdom. He
is a registered Professional Engineer and presently engages in ad hoc
consultancy work from time to time, having been appointed a consultant or
expert witness to more than 50 projects over the past five years. From his
_curriculum vitae_ , it appears that he was consultant for the underpinning
works for the 30-storey office development at Church Street mentioned above.

102 The expert evidence for Geospecs was given by Mr Akira Wada (“Mr Wada”),
the Managing Director of Asia Georesearch Agency Corporation Pte Ltd (“AGAC”),
a specialist contractor for geotechnical works including soil investigation
and geotechnical analysis. Mr Wada is registered as an APEC Engineer in the
discipline of Civil Engineering by the APEC Engineer Monitoring Committee in
Japan but is not a licensed Professional Engineer in Singapore. Both experts
were instructed to prepare an expert report based on a number of issues
identified by counsel.

103 Under O 40A r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed), an
expert’s primary duty is to assist the Court on matters within his expertise,
and this duty overrides any obligation he owes to the party from whom he has
received instructions. This means that while the courts will permit a spirited
defence of an expert’s independent views and position, the expert should not
stray into engaging in partisan advocacy to advance his client’s cause: see
_Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 491 at [69]–[73]. It emerged in the course of cross-examination that Mr
Wada’s company AGAC had subcontracted soil investigation works to Geospecs
about three to four times a year[note: 21] and had at least a fairly close
working relationship with Geospecs. I would hesitate to conclude from this
alone that Mr Wada was in any way partial or biased in his evidence, but my
overall impression of Mr Wada’s evidence was that he occasionally attempted to
advance Geospecs’ case on its behalf by making certain allegations that had
not been previously put before Resource Piling’s witnesses. This was in
keeping with his admission that looking out for Geospecs was only
natural:[note: 22]

Q:Wouldn't that cloud your objectivity because he works with you?

A:This one is -- one part is true, but if you say like this, most of
Singapore, this soil investigation company, is our subcontractor. We cannot
discuss with them about engineering matters.

Q:Because he's your subcontractor, you must look out for him, right? Yes?

A:Yes, this one is -- some part is human being, yeah, sure.

I therefore evaluated certain portions of Mr Wada’s evidence with some degree
of reservation.

104 Counsel for the defendant, Mr Thomas Tan (“Mr Thomas Tan”) said it was not
disputed that Longrove changed the pile design after the results of the UTP
load tests. However, when Mr Wada went on the witness stand, he put forward
the fact that it was actually Resource Piling that suggested the change in
design. That caught even Mr Thomas Tan by surprise. With respect, Mr Wada also
overlooked what I found to be shortcomings in Geospecs’ case by giving
unconvincing excuses:

(a) First, Mr Wada gave an elaborate explanation as to why samples could not
be obtained from the lower levels of some of the boreholes: BH-2, BH-3, BH-4,
BH-6, BH-7, BH-8, BH-9, BH-10 and BH-11. However, he later agreed that the
inspection of samples was important for verifying borelogs. Mr Wada then said
that tools were available to recover weathered rock in Japan but not in
Singapore.[note: 23] However, when it was put to him, he could not explain why
S & F managed to recover samples at the lowest levels but could only give an
equivocal response:[note: 24]

Q:Then how do you explain that Soil & Foundation don't have all these problems
with getting samples?

A:Very difficult to say, but Soil & Foundation also trustable company. I also
use them.

(a) Additionally, Resource Piling managed to obtain soil investigation reports
prepared by Mr Wada for other projects (the Singapore Zoological Gardens and
25 Grange Road),[note: 25] where Mr Wada had, contrary to his earlier
evidence, successfully cored and obtained samples for Grade IV rock. There was
no indication of refusal or rebound before he switched to coring to obtain
samples in Grade III and Grade IV rock and he also agreed that generally there
would not be any refusal of the drill bit or rebound of the SPT hammer for
Grade IV rock.[note: 26]

(b) Secondly, Mr Wada was asked to look at the data from BH-11 and BH-11A and
BH-11B, which were within a distance of 1m to 1.5m from each other, and Mr Leo
asked how the three borelogs could show both rock and soil. Mr Wada struggled
to provide any explanation:[note: 27]

Q:How can it be possible that within such a small diameter the results can be
so far apart, that one is soil and is rock?

A:Yeah. This one is I also many day consider about this 11, what is the
condition. I cannot, still I cannot find out, I cannot get sure idea, because
of within three, one number is rock, two number is based on this
classification, not rock.

(b) I pause to mention that BH-11A was drilled by Geospecs to confirm the
results of BH-11 but BH-11B was drilled by S & F. Rock was encountered at a
depth of 21.50m to 27.00m in BH-11B. Geospecs’ senior geologist Mr Okkar
examined the samples and accepted that it was rock; Geospecs did not deny the
results from BH-11B.

(c) Thirdly, Mr Wada did not seem to find anything surprising or strange with
the borelogs for BH-1A and BH-11A, which were drilled by Geospecs to confirm
the earlier results in the Geospecs Logs for BH-1 and BH-11, for the borelog
of BH-1A to state that the soil encountered from 23.20m to 27.02m was
“inferred” to be “very dense silty fine to coarse sand with gravel (completely
weathered granite; Bukit Timah Granite)” and that no samples were recovered
from those depths; and for the borelog of BH-11A to state that at a depth from
22.50m to 27.02m, the layer was “inferred as very dense silty fine to coarse
sand (completely weathered SANDSTONE; Jurong Formation)”, and again, no
samples were recovered. When Mr Wada was asked during cross-examination
whether “inferring” meant guesswork and whether it was unusual to use such a
term in borelog descriptions, all he said was that different description terms
were used by different companies but his company did not use that term.[note:
28] Even taking into account Mr Wada’s less than fluent facility in the
English language, I find this difficult to accept as an objective and non-
partisan view.

(d) Fourthly, Mr Wada maintained that the Geospecs Logs were correct and that
Resource Piling’s records collated by Mr Michael Chong Kong Wai (“Mr Chong”)
during the piling works were wrong. He was taken through the borelogs of BH-3
and the records for one of the bored piles, BP-93, and it was clear that the
two were dissimilar. The records for BP-93 was signed off by Longrove’s
Resident Engineer Mr K A Chua (“Mr Chua”). Mr Wada first attempted to say that
Mr Chong was wrong and that Mr Chua was “writing wrongly” but eventually had
to accept that the Professional Engineer and Accredited Checker were not
wrong.[note: 29]

(e) Fifthly, I find that Mr Wada denied the obvious, which was that when
Geospecs took a whole day to drill 3m, it was drilling into rock, not
soil.[note: 30]

105 I therefore find that I prefer Dr Ting’s evidence over Mr Wada’s evidence
where they differed.

What was the generalised soil profile at the Site?

106 Dr Ting adopted the observations in the S & F Report, which stated:[note:
31]

**3.1 Site Conditions**

The area is covered with fills of sandy silt, firm to stiff sandy silt
underlain Old Alluvium of fine to coarse and dense sand. The marine clay of 5m
thk [sic] in Kallang formation found in NBH-02 at depth 3.5m ~8.5m.

The hard and completely weathered sandy silt were encountered on site.

NBH-1, NBH-2 and NBH-3 each ended in a layer of moderately weathered Grade III
granite. The second report produced by S & F for BH-11B, (erroneously) dated 8
January 2010, also stated that “below [the Old Alluvium] layer, completely
weathered granite, coarse grained granites are found in Bukit Timah Granite
Terrain.” Mr Wada stated that the ground material at the Site generally
consisted of three groups of soil/rock formations: (1) a fill layer from a
depth of 0m to 1.2/2.1m (2) a layer from the Kallang Formation to a depth of
10.9/14.5m and (3) an ending layer of weathered granite formation.

107 I note and find that the geological map of Singapore[note: 32] tendered in
evidence showed that the Site was located in a “transition” region which was
surrounded by the boundaries of the Kallang Formation, the Bukit Timah Granite
and the Jurong Formation (conglomerate Rimau Facies). The Geospecs Logs
indicated both the presence of residual soil and/or weathered rock from Bukit
Timah Granite in the deeper layers of BH-1, BH-2, BH-3, BH-4, BH-5, BH-6,
BH-7, BH-8 and BH-9 and residual sandy silt from the Jurong Formation in BH-10
and BH-11; and there were references to material from the Kallang Formation in
all boreholes and Old Alluvium in BH-1 and BH-9.

What is the definition of “rock”?

108 According to the National Productivity and Quality Specifications
(“NPQS”), “rock” is defined as “[m]aterial classified as grade I to III in
table 10 ‘Scale at weathering grades of rock mass’ in [the British Code of
Practice for Site Investigations]”[note: 33]. It was not disputed that piling
contractors in Singapore were generally entitled to claim for drilling into
“rock” only when they encountered materials classified as Grade III or above.
Resource Piling’s case is that they only claimed for piles where they
encountered rock that was classified as Grade III under the British Code of
Practice for Site Investigations (“BS 5930”) with a strength greater than 20
MN/m2.

109 Resource Piling and Geospecs both tendered expert evidence on the
definition of “rock”. Dr Ting explained that there were two main
classification scales of rock: the weathering classification of rock from
Grade I to Grade VI ranging from fresh rock to residual soil under table 10 of
the BS 5930, and the strength description of the rock based on the unconfined
compressive strength from less than 1.25 MN/m2 to more than 200 MN/m2 under
table 2.1 of the Singapore Standard Code of Practice for Foundations
(“CP4”).[note: 34] Dr Ting also stated that while a geologist may regard Grade
IV and Grade V as rock, this was not the case for engineers.[note: 35]
However, where the rock was Grade III and above, there was no ambiguity[note:
36], and the definition of Grade III rock bore a general correlation to the
CP4 scale based on the compressive strength of the rock such that Grade III
rock had a strength of 12.5 MN/m2 to 50 MN/m2.[note: 37] I accept the evidence
of Dr Ting and this is, in my view, correct and in accordance with engineering
practice.

110 Mr Wada stated in his expert report that it was necessary to have a
detailed soil description as specified by BS 5930 in order to understand the
mechanical properties of the ground material, and that the boring logs
recorded by Resource Piling were insufficient for this purpose.[note: 38] In
particular, during cross-examination, Mr Wada disputed Dr Ting’s correlation
between the grade of the rock under the scale of weathering and classification
based on strength, _ie_ , a Grade III rock would not necessarily have a
strength between 12.5 MN/m2 to 50 MN/m2 as weathering was not homogeneous and
it was possible for certain weathered zones to have rocks of different
strengths[note: 39]. However, it is important to note that Mr Wada accepted
that where the rock had a strength of 20 MN/m2, it was possible but unlikely
that the rock would be highly weathered rock and it was more likely to be
moderately weathered rock.[note: 40]

111 I do not think that the positions of both experts were diametrically
opposed on this issue. Both Dr Ting and Mr Wada were generally in agreement
that there was a grey area and that the distinction between Grade III and
Grade IV (_ie_ , moderately weathered and highly weathered) rock could not be
delineated with precision. It was not Dr Ting’s position that there was a
strict correlation between the grade of weathering and the uniaxial
compressive strength, and Mr Wada eventually conceded that he would agree with
such a gradation.[note: 41] Any residual disagreement between the experts over
the definition of rock was, in my view, immaterial. I therefore accept, for
the purposes of Resource Piling’s claim, that where the ground material had a
strength of at least 20 MN/m2, this could be classified as Grade III rock that
falls under the definition of “rock” in the NPQS.

Were the soil profile logs produced by Resource Piling in the course of
conducting the piling works accurate?

112 Geospecs adopted the strategy of trying to impugn the accuracy of Resource
Piling’s boring logs[note: 42] (hereafter collectively referred to as “the
Boring Logs”) that recorded that Resource Piling had hit rock in 77% of the
piles that they had drilled in the zones surrounding the nine boreholes where
the Geospecs Logs had indicated that no rock was encountered. In essence,
Geospecs alleged that Resource Piling’s claims that they had cored into rock
were untrue.

113 The Boring Logs were mostly recorded by Mr Chong and one Mr Kumar.
Geospecs contended that the Boring Logs recorded by Mr Chong were inaccurate
as he had been specifically instructed by a Mr Eric Choo or Mr Foo to record
the material as “moderately weathered rock”. In comparison, Geospecs claimed
that Mr Kumar’s logs were more detailed and did not indicate that there was
any rock detected even in boreholes that were very close to boreholes where Mr
Chong had recorded that rock was encountered. The Boring Logs done by Mr Chong
contained a description of the soil, with the word “rock” included in brackets
following certain descriptions. In Mr Chong’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”), he stated that he was instructed to record the material bored out of
the borehole as “moderately weathered rocks” when it was necessary to use core
barrels to core the rock first, followed by a rock bucket to drill the
borehole.[note: 43] Mr Foo also stated that this manner of description was the
industry practice, and I accept his evidence.[note: 44] Geospecs seized upon
the words used in Mr Chong’s AEIC to cross-examine him on the basis that he
did not really encounter rock but was instructed to say so by Resource Piling.
Mr Chong’s statement in his AEIC must be read in context and fairly. Geospecs’
cross-examination and submission was that only the boring records recorded by
Mr Chong indicated that rock was encountered. That is not true. I note and
find that not all of Mr Chong’s records state that rock was encountered. In Mr
Kumar’s limited records, he recorded that “[v]ery dense bluish grey and
weather moderately sandstone” was encountered for BP-174. Other Resource
Piling employees, contrary to Geospecs’ allegations, also recorded the
presence of rock. One Mr V. Suresh recorded encountering rock in BP-6, BP-243,
BP-365 and BP-369. One Mr Salam records hitting “[v]ery hard bluish (Rock)” in
BP-60 and “[b]luish weathered granite (Rock)” for BP-423, and also recorded
encountering rock in BP-38, CBP-180, CBP-163, CBP-170, CBP-172 and CBP-171. Mr
N. Kumaresan also recorded encountering rock at BP-38. I also note that in
accordance with standard practice, and as mentioned before me but not
specifically addressed as it was not in issue, some piles would have been
randomly selected for load tests; there is no suggestion that any of those
test piles failed.

114 During cross-examination, Mr Chong candidly testified that he was not able
to visually distinguish between moderately weathered rock and highly weathered
rock, but he had learnt from experience that highly weathered rock could be
torn apart by hand but moderately weathered rock could not.[note: 45] In the
course of his work, he would consider that a rock was Grade III rock if it was
necessary to use a core bucket or rock bucket instead of a soil bucket.[note:
46] The soil bucket used by Resource Piling could bore materials having a
strength of up to 20 MN/m2. Therefore, when the soil bucket could not
penetrate further and it was necessary to switch to a core bucket or core
barrel, it meant that at least Grade III rock had been encountered in the
borehole.[note: 47]

115 More importantly, Mr Chong also averred that when he extracted samples
from the borehole, the Resident Engineer on site would verify what was
recorded by him[note: 48] and would countersign on the Boring Logs.[note: 49]
I accept his evidence. This is industry practice and Dr Ting held the same
view.[note: 50] There is no basis for Geospecs’ insinuation that Mr Chong was
instructed to deliberately record the Boring Logs in a particular manner
merely because the piling records were less detailed than the standard
descriptions in the BS 5930, and I find that there is no reason to doubt the
Boring Logs accurately recorded the ground conditions at each layer of the
borehole. It bears emphasising that the samples recovered from the boreholes
were inspected and kept for the Resident Engineer and made available for
Longrove’s or the Accredited Checker’s inspection if they so required. The
Boring Records were countersigned by the Resident Engineer, who was a
representative from Longrove and then lodged with the BCA. They were also
implicitly accepted by Longrove, the Professional Engineer and the Accredited
Checker (who signed off on the superstructure and substructure).

116 In the final analysis, if Resource Piling had not in fact hit rock, I am
unable to see why Resource Piling would have fabricated this fact in the
Boring Logs. Resource Piling evidently had nothing to gain by making false
allegations; the Piling Contract was payable on a per metre basis and the pile
lengths were in fact shortened as a result of the presence of rock at the
Site. One of Resource Piling’s complaints was that due to the shortened piles,
it was only paid $2,274,063.36 instead of the contract sum of $3,608,488.41.
It would also take Resource Piling a much longer time to core through rock
instead of boring through soil and they would also have to incur additional
costs of rock socketing (_ie_ , to anchor the piles two times the pile
diameter into the rock layer). Furthermore, after an occurrence like the
Church Street debacle, no Professional Engineer or Accredited Checker would
blindly or lightly endorse or sign-off As-Built drawings and records showing
shorter constructed piles with a significant number having been socketed into
rock when this departed from the earlier construction drawings and documents
that had originally been submitted and approved by the BCA.

Did the Geospecs Logs accurately indicate the soil conditions at each
borehole?

117 On balance, I conclude and find that the Geospecs Logs were inaccurate and
negligently prepared, even after making allowance for the inherent possibility
of variations in soil conditions and differential weathering across the Site.
I accept Dr Ting’s opinion in this respect that although only a small
proportion of the ground was tested by sinking 11 boreholes, this was in
compliance with the BCA guidelines that the boreholes should not be more than
50m apart and that it was sufficient to generally ascertain the overall soil
conditions if the soil profiles were consistent.[note: 51] I also agree, as a
matter of common sense, that while slight gradations are possible, large
variations across the Site at distances of one to two metres are unlikely
unless a large number of the investigation boreholes were sunk precisely along
the joints of the rocks.

118 I also find and accept the evidence in the S & F Report and the report for
BH-11B, as well as the evidence of Dr Ting, that the site sat in a
‘transition’ region (as compared to sitting within one of the recognised
geological formations in Singapore). To the north and northeast of the Site
lay the igneous Bukit Timah Granite formation; to the south and southeast of
the Site lay the Kallang Formation; and to its West, a little further on, lay
the sedimentary Jurong Formation. There were also elements of Old Alluvium.
Anyone with some familiarity of Singapore’s geology (and this includes those
who practice in construction) will know that these are part of the ten
geological formations of Singapore and there are references to four of these
formations scattered in the Geospecs Logs. This may account for those
instances where rock was encountered in one borehole whilst being absent in an
adjacent borehole, _eg._ BP-138 and BP-139 which was 3m to 4 m apart; BP-47,
BP-48 and BP-49; BP-223 and BP-231 (which did not hit rock) and BP-229 and
BP-230 (which hit rock); BP-249 and BP-250; BP-174 and BP-173; BP-169 and
BP-171; BP-130 and BP-129; and a cluster comprising the UTP, BP-335, BP-332,
BP-334, BP-337 and BP-349, with only BP-335 in the centre which did not hit
rock. To this extent, I accept Geospecs’ contention that the subsoil condition
may vary naturally.

119 Comparatively, there were many more piles where rock was encountered when
none should have been expected if the Geospecs Logs were accurate, _eg_ , the
many piles around the UTP, BH-2 and BH-11 which hit rock, and the differing
soil profiles recorded in Geospecs’ BH-11A and S & F’s BH-11B which were only
slightly over 0.5m apart. I note that BH-2, where no rock was encountered up
to a depth of 30.01m and where the soil was classified as residual soil from
16.30m to 30.10m, was completely at odds with what was encountered when boring
BP-189. BP-189, which was 1100mm in diameter and located close to BH-2, hit
Grade III rock from 17.00m to 20.30m where it ended. Indeed, rock was also
encountered in the other piles surrounding BH-2. In BP-188, rock was
encountered from 18.00m to 19.285m where it terminated; in BP-159, rock was
encountered from 20.00m to 26.355m where it terminated; and in BP-160 rock was
encountered from 18.00m to 20.70m where it terminated.[note: 52] As a matter
of statistical probability, I find it difficult to explain this by natural
variances.

120 The overall objective evidence before me also leads me to the conclusion
that the Geospecs Logs were not an accurate record of the subsoil at the lower
levels of their boreholes.

121 First, in my judgment, the evidence tendered by Geospecs’ two factual
witnesses on the manner in which the drilling and recovery of soil samples
were conducted gives rise to the inference that the soil investigation work
was done incompetently and the Geospecs Logs were therefore an inaccurate
reflection of the ground conditions on the Site. The majority of the field
exploration and drilling work from August 2009 to September 2009 for BH-1 to
BH-11 was supervised by Mr Tun Tun Latt (“Mr Tun Tun”), who was employed as
the Site Geologist. Mr Tun Tun gave evidence that he collected soil samples
and recorded the field logs based on the collected samples.[note: 53] The
Senior Geologist Mr Okkar would then double check Mr Tun Tun’s field logs
against the sample collected and would occasionally make corrections.[note:
54] Mr Tun Tun stated that it was Geospecs’ practice to continue drilling if
there was some penetration, and he would only core if there was a total
rebound after conducting the SPT.[note: 55] This procedure was confirmed by Mr
Okkar.[note: 56] Mr Okkar visited the site about four times when the field
exploration work was conducted.[note: 57] Mr Okkar was also responsible for
compiling the Geospecs Logs in accordance with the requirements of BS
5930[note: 58] and he stated that he would thoroughly check the field logs
recorded by Mr Tun Tun against each sample.[note: 59] Mr Okkar claimed that if
the field logs were inaccurate, he had enough experience to recognise that the
materials recorded did not correspond with the materials that would be
expected at that level based on the profiles of neighbouring areas.[note: 60]
I do not accept this at all.

122 Mr Tun Tun, who only had less than three years’ work experience in
Singapore, relied largely on instructions from Mr Okkar, who was rarely
present. Mr Tun Tun was aware of the termination criteria for the boreholes
but could not independently decide whether drilling should be terminated and
had to refer to Mr Okkar for instructions[note: 61], although Mr Okkar was not
onsite to satisfy himself as to the actual ground conditions. Mr Tun Tun also
stated that while he had experience in soil description, he had little
experience in either conducting rock coring or recording rock
descriptions.[note: 62] I also note that although the Geospecs Logs were
certified by a Professional Engineer Mr Cecil Sinnadurai (“Mr Sinnadurai”), Mr
Okkar confirmed that Mr Sinnadurai was not present at the site and had relied
on feedback from Mr Okkar that all procedures were correctly followed.[note:
63] I note that Mr Sinnadurai, who was in the full-time employment of
Geospecs, was not called as a witness.

123 Dr Ting pointed out that CP4 cautioned that where Bukit Timah Granite was
concerned, it was important to distinguish between Grades III, IV, V and VI as
the engineering properties of each grade were very different. The weathered
granite found in Singapore generally consisted of a thick mantle of residual
Grade VI, and there was only a limited amount of Grade V and Grade IV material
before hitting Grade III rock. It was therefore necessary to take frequent
samples to correctly classify the grade of the ground materials.[note: 64]
However, as noted above, as a result of the drilling procedures followed by Mr
Tun Tun and Mr Okkar, proper samples had not been retrieved at the lower
depths. Samples were not recovered from 24.00m to 30.01m for BH-2, from 24.00m
to 30.02m for BH-3, from 27.00m to 30.02m for BH-4, from 27.00m to 33.02m for
BH-7, from 24.00m to 25.52m for BH-8, from 21.00m to 26.01m for BH-9, from
24.00m to 27.02m for BH-10, and from 27.00m to 27.02m for BH-11. Mr Okkar, who
was personally involved in the fieldwork for BH-1A and BH-11A, also did not
attempt to core to recover any samples at the lower layers. I have also
referred to the highly unusual notations which state that the soil was
“inferred” since no samples were retrieved. For BH-1A, there was no recovery
from 24.00m to 27.02m, and for BH-11A, there was no recovery from 24.00m to
27.02m. Mr Okkar also gave evidence that it took an entire day to drill the
last three metres of BH-1A[note: 65] and BH-11A.[note: 66]

124 I find that the recording of the soil profiles at the lower depth in the
Geospecs Logs was more likely to be based on guesswork as no proper samples
were retrieved for verification. Dr Ting stated that where only a small sample
was obtained it may be insufficient for an inexperienced person to ascertain
whether the sample formed part of a rock layer, and that it was necessary to
obtain a core to confirm the nature of the material.[note: 67] Mr Wada
accepted that where the penetration was limited, for example 2 cm, it was not
possible to obtain a sample by conducting the SPT.[note: 68] Mr Okkar
“inferred” the characteristics of the soil layer by observing the particles
that were flushed out from the boreholes together with the return water[note:
69], and claimed that this was more accurate than coring.[note: 70] I do not
accept this at all. It appears on the face of the Geospecs Logs that where
samples were not recovered, Mr Tun Tun had simply assumed that the soil
characteristics at the lower depths were similar to those of the samples
recovered from the preceding layer, although Mr Okkar stated that Mr Tun Tun
followed the same procedure of observing particles in the return water.[note:
71] I am unable to accept that this is a proper or scientific method of
classifying the type and strength of material found within a defined layer,
particularly if I accept Mr Wada’s expert evidence that any particular layer
may consist of material of differing weathering grades and strengths. In other
words, a residual particle may not necessarily represent the overall soil
condition of that layer.

125 I find that Mr Tun Tun was inexperienced and incapable of dealing with
subsoil investigation when he reached the rock layers at lower depths. When he
was asked how he had managed to describe the soil layers when he had not
recovered any samples, his honest answer was that he did not know exactly and
had assumed it was the same as the layer above from which he obtained his last
sample.[note: 72] Mr Tun Tun also testified that Mr Okkar wrote the words
“rebound” in the borelogs for BH-5 and BH-6 before the rock coring results
were stated.[note: 73] Overall, I am of the impression that Mr Tun Tun’s
answers in cross-examination clearly demonstrate his inexperience and
inability to independently handle the soil investigation when it reached the
rock level, and Mr Okkar had to correct Mr Tun Tun’s descriptions when rock
samples were recovered in both BH-5 and BH-6. Based on Mr Okkar’s evidence, I
also find that he was not properly supervising Mr Tun Tun in carrying out the
soil investigation work and had not performed his duties competently in
failing to recognise Mr Tun Tun’s deficiencies. Further, Mr Okkar was himself
responsible for carrying out the investigation works for BH-1A and BH-11A, and
as I have observed above, Mr Okkar only “inferred” the soil layers and
likewise did not recover samples. Based on Mr Okkar’s evidence, I consider
that it was possible that Geospecs’ Professional Engineer, Mr Sinnadurai, was
signing off the report without checking whether the soil investigation was
done in accordance with the applicable standards. My findings are made on a
balance of probabilities and I say no more as Mr Sinnadurai was not called as
a witness and did not have a chance to say anything in his defence.

126 Secondly, after the test results were obtained from the UTP, the design of
the bored piles was changed. It was common ground that Longrove changed the
pile designs after the UTP was constructed (on 22 January 2010), load tested
(from 30 January to 5 February 2010) and the test results compiled in a report
dated 10 February 2010 (“the UTP Report”). There was an attempt by Mr Wada,
while giving additional evidence in testimony, to say that this change was
proposed by Resource Piling.[note: 74] This fact was never put to Mr Foo or to
Dr Ting.[note: 75] Mr Leo quite rightly lodged his protest. However at the end
of the day, I do not think it makes much difference who first proposed the
design change. Even if this was initiated by Resource Piling, they were but
reporting on the test results of the UTP which clearly showed much higher
mobilised skin friction than that assumed in the drawings that were issued for
tender. In the UTP Report, under the heading “RECOMMENDATION”, Resource Piling
stated:[note: 76]

On the safe side, adapt the following procedure:

i. Compute the pile length of bore pile base on ultimate skin friction of 2.5N
for soil, 450KN/m2 for sandstone and end bearing of 8,000 kNm2, copy of the
pile length calculation is enclosed in Appendix D

ii. Prior to obtain approval from BCA, construct bore pile base on the length
stated in the pile layout plan. Pile length calculation base on parameter
stated in the drawing. Skin friction : 2N; end bearing : 8000is enclose in
appendix E.

In the final analysis, Longrove must have accepted or agreed to the
recommendation (with minor amendments) and Longrove and the Accredited Checker
would have signed off on the proposal and sent it on to the BCA for approval.
This new design was approved by the BCA. In the original design, the skin
friction of the soil was 2 N KPa subject to a maximum value of 200 KN/m2, but
the engineer subsequently increased the skin friction to 2.5 N KPa (for soil)
subject to a maximum value of 450 KN/m2. Under CP4, a maximum value of 150
KN/m2 is permitted for soils of Bukit Timah granite and sedimentary Jurong
Formation, and a maximum of 300 KN/m2 for dense or hard cemented soil in Old
Alluvium. Higher maximum values may be adopted if sufficient load tests were
conducted in similar soil condition.[note: 77] The 450kN/m2 was supported by
the UTP test results and at that time, Resource Piling would not have known
that they would hit rock in the construction of some 302 out of their 391
bored piles. What is undeniable and not challenged by Mr Thomas Tan was that
Longrove’s original design for tender had used a skin friction of 2 N KPa
subject to a maximum of 200 kN/m2 with design pile lengths varying from 22.60m
to 34.00m[note: 78]. Under the subsequent design, the skin friction increased
to 2.5N subject to a maximum of 450 kN/m2 with design pile lengths varying
from 16.80m to 27.20m. After the redesign, the piles were also divided into
eleven sub-zones based on the location of the boreholes.[note: 79]

127 According to Mr Foo, the increase of the skin friction in the design above
300 KN/m2 would not have been permitted by the BCA unless the material
surrounding the piles was rock.[note: 80] Mr Tan agreed that calculations with
450 kN/m2 skin friction meant skin friction in rock.[note: 81] I accept that
the increase in skin friction must have meant that Longrove recognised that
the ground conditions were different from what was originally indicated in the
Geospecs Logs at the time that the piles were initially designed. The end
bearing load value was unchanged at 8.0 MPa, but I am not convinced by
Geospecs’ contention that the end bearing load value must have remained
unchanged because the engineer found that the Geospecs Logs were sufficiently
accurate for design purposes. I accept Dr Ting’s evidence that the engineer
did not have sufficient information to determine whether the pile could bear
an increased end bearing load as the UTP did not fail, and that there was
therefore no reason to redesign the pile on this basis.[note: 82] The
consequence would be that the pile was slightly overdesigned but the value
would remain safe.[note: 83] It must be remembered that after the UTP test
results, no one would know whether rock would be encountered elsewhere as
well. If the bored piles did encounter rock, then the socketing requirement
(twice the bored pile diameter) would take effect and the end bearing would be
much higher than 8.0 MPa[note: 84]. The fact that the end bearing load was not
changed is at most a neutral factor. Additionally, the shorter lengths of the
piles could be attributed to the fact that the skin friction was higher than
was originally anticipated under the Geospecs Logs as the actual surrounding
material was rock instead of soil. The piles could therefore be shortened
accordingly.

128 There would be no reason for the pile designs to be changed by Longrove,
an independent third party, and neither would the revised designs have been
approved by the BCA if Resource Piling had not in fact encountered ground
conditions that were different from those recorded in the Geospecs Logs.
Although Mr Tan contended that the new designs of the piles were still based
on the SPT indicated in the Geospecs Logs[note: 85], he acknowledged that the
increase in the skin friction to a maximum value of 450KN/m2 meant that the
engineers were basing the design on the capacity of rock instead of
soil.[note: 86] It is an uncontroverted fact that the design was changed, and
I find that the new design had been calculated on the basis that Longrove
accepted that the ground conditions encountered at the lower layers were in
fact rock instead of soil (as recorded in the Geospecs Logs).

129 Thirdly, I find on a balance of probabilities that the S & F Report and
their borehole logs were accurate. NBH-1 was drilled in the vicinity of BH-10
and the UTP, and a layer of moderately weathered Grade III greyish pink
granite spotted with black and white minerals was encountered from 19.80m.
NBH-2 was located near BH-3 and the layer extending from 19.50m to 26.50m
consisted of moderately weathered Grade III light greenish grey granite
spotted with black, white and pink minerals. NBH-3 was located near BH-4 and
moderately weathered Grade III light greenish grey granite spotted with black
and white minerals was encountered from 26.30m to 33.30m.[note: 87] After
Geospecs drilled BH-11A, S & F also drilled BH-11B 0.567m away from BH-11A.
The borehole log for BH-11B indicated that moderately weathered Grade III
light grey spotted with black and light pink coloured Bukit Timah Granite was
encountered at a depth of 21.50m.[note: 88] This was followed by a layer of
slightly weathered Grade III spotted with black and light pink coloured light
grey Bukit Timah Granite at 24.90m, and a layer of moderately weathered Grade
III Bukit Timah Granite from 25.50m to 27.00m. Samples for all four boreholes
were recovered at every level.

130 Geospecs submitted that the exact geographic coordinates were not
available for NBH-1, NBH-2 and NBH-3, and that it was impossible to verify
whether the boreholes were in fact drilled on the precise locations on the
Site where the S & F Report had claimed that they were drilled. Geospecs also
claimed that the accuracy of the S & F Report was suspect as Mr Ng Dick Young
(“Mr Ng”) – who was a director of S & F and gave evidence on behalf of
Resource Piling – had not been present when the fieldwork for NBH-1, NBH-2 and
NBH-3 was done and did not personally verify the samples recovered onsite.

131 I do not think that either of these points seriously undermines the
accuracy or reliability of the borelogs prepared by S & F. While the precise
coordinates were not recorded, I am satisfied that the location plan, which
was plotted by S & F’s geologist, provided a sufficient approximation of which
zone each borehole was drilled in. NBH-1 was set between BP-359 and the UTP
and it was surrounded by BP-437, BP-348 and BP-360; NBH-2 was surrounded by
BH-3, BP-71, BP-52, BP-56 and BP-75 and NBH-3 was surrounded by BH-4, BP-202,
BP-198, BP-176, BP-177, BP-179, BP-203 and BP-204. S & F was an independent
third party and Geospecs quite rightly did not challenge their impartiality at
any point in cross-examination, and I do not see any ground for suspecting
that the locations indicated in the S & F Report were misrepresented. I also
do not think that I can draw any conclusions from the fact that Mr Ng was not
personally involved in the fieldwork. Mr Ng testified that he had looked at
photographs of the rock cores recovered before certifying the S & F
Report[note: 89], and I cannot realistically draw any inference that the
borehole logs were inaccurate or that the fieldwork was not conducted properly
merely because Mr Ng was not personally involved in the recording and
compilation of the borehole logs.

132 I pause to make my findings on Mr Ng’s evidence. Mr Ng was first cross-
examined on 26 June 2012. It was evident that something was amiss because he
looked quite distracted and disturbed when he came on the stand. It appears
that he rushed down to court and when his driver stopped at the front of the
court, a policeman came up and fined his driver. His text message to Mr Leo’s
junior read: “I came here but was fined by the courts when my driver stopped
me. I don’t think I am in the right frame of mind to attend the court.” I
acceded to Mr Leo’s request to halt proceedings for five to ten minutes while
he tried to calm Mr Ng down. Nonetheless, even after that short break, it
certainly looked as if some of Mr Thomas Tan’s questions were not registering
and Mr Ng’s answers were suspect. I noted this at the end of the day. The next
day, Mr Ng appeared to have recovered and was able to respond to the questions
fielded to him very coherently.

133 I find Geospecs’ attack on Mr Ng’s absence from the Site and the conduct
of the drilling and recording of the borelogs by Mr Ng’s staff somewhat ironic
in view of what went on in Geospecs’ own soil investigation. The inevitable
commercial pressures put on engineers involved in geotechnical soil
investigation means they cannot be at each and every site. I accept the
evidence of Mr Ng and the accuracy of S & F’s soil investigation results. S &
F is an established soil investigation outfit and has been an ISO 9000
certified company since the late 1990s. Its staff members are trained and
operating procedures are in place. Mr Wada acknowledged its reputation. I also
accept and agree with the evidence of Mr Ng that there are different types of
sampling methods that can be employed for different s conditions[note: 90]; if
no sample is recovered with one method, another method should be
employed.[note: 91] A sample can be recovered by using a core barrel to core
and Mr Ng stated that where there was a possibility that the lower layers
contained moderately weathered material, they would core to retrieve a
sample[note: 92]. Even Mr Tan, Geospecs’ director, agreed that where the SPT
penetration was 1cm or 2cm, using a core barrel would give him a chance to
recover a sample.[note: 93] Mr Ng did not directly receive his instructions
from Resource Piling and did not know of the background to this particular
soil investigation.[note: 94] I find the recording of the S & F borelogs,
sample retrieval and core identification much more professional than Geospecs’
work. They retrieved samples where Geospecs did not or could not.

134 In my judgment, the borelog for BH-11B is also irreconcilable with the
borelogs for BH-11 and BH-11A. All three boreholes were at most 1.5m apart.
BH-11B indicated that there was Grade III Bukit Timah Granite from 21.50m to
27.00m. Mr Okkar[note: 95] and Mr Wada[note: 96] both accepted the accuracy of
BH-11B. In contrast, BH-11 indicated that residual soil in the form of silty
fine to coarse sand with fine to medium gravel was encountered from 17.20m to
22.30m and residual soil in the form of sandy silt from the Jurong Formation
from 22.30m to 27.02m; samples were not recovered from 27.00m to 27.02m.
BH-11A indicated that the layer from a depth of 20.40m to 22.50m contained
residual soil in the form of silty fine to medium sand, and from 22.50m to
27.02m, it was inferred that this layer contained completely weathered
sandstone from the Jurong Formation; samples were not recovered from 24.00m to
27.02m.

135 Mr Okkar averred that he had used the same method to drill BH-11A as Mr
Tun Tun did for BH-11; he continued drilling as there was no rebound when the
SPT was conducted and took about one day to drill the three metres from 24.00m
to 27.02m.[note: 97] No samples were recovered from a depth of 24.00m and Mr
Okkar explained that he had “inferred” the soil description from the sand
contained in the return water from the borehole.[note: 98] While Mr Okkar
contended that it was possible to find a wide variance in the properties of
soil within a short distance, it appears to me that at the same level, _ie_ ,
from about 22.00m to 27.00m, both the physical properties and the geological
nature of the rock formations differed rather widely across the three
boreholes. I would also observe, as noted above, that Geospecs’ own expert
witness Dr Wada conceded that he could not explain this difference.[note: 99]
As complete samples of the rock core were recovered for BH-11B and seen and
accepted by both Mr Okkar[note: 100] and Dr Ting[note: 101], I find that
BH-11B was a more accurate reflection of the soil profile within that specific
area. Mr Okkar had no other option but to accept the findings of S & F,
including the rock samples recovered, notwithstanding that the results clearly
differed from the borehole logs produced by Geospecs for BH-11 and BH-11A. The
latter had the notation “inferred” in the description of the final soil layer
when Geospecs failed to recover a sample. In my experience I have never seen a
borelog of a soil investigator which infers the soil in a layer.

136 On balance, I therefore accept the veracity and accuracy of the borehole
logs produced by S & F. It is an independent and reputable soil investigation
company and had no reason to be partial to any party. I acknowledge that the
soil investigation work by S & F covered a much more limited area, but it
suffices to illustrate that the methods adopted by Geospecs contributed to a
higher probability that the soil conditions at the lower layers were not
correctly determined by Geospecs.

137 Fourthly, as between Dr Ting’s and Mr Wada’s expert opinions on whether
the Geospecs Logs were accurate and the reasons for the disparity between the
different sets of records of the soil profile of the Site, I prefer Dr Ting’s
evidence. Dr Ting expressed the view that the reason for the disparity between
the Geospecs Logs and the Boring Logs at the lower levels was because Mr Tun
Tun had failed to core when the SPT values fell below 100/3 cm and had
continued to drill instead.[note: 102] As a result, no samples could be
recovered and the geologist was unable to make an assessment as to whether the
layer contained soil or rock, and the layers (with SPT values below 100/3 cm)
that had been described as Grade VI residual soil in BH-1 to BH-11 could in
fact have been Grade III or Grade IV rock.[note: 103] It was possible for the
tungsten carbide drill used by Geospecs to cut through weaker Grade III
rock.[note: 104] Dr Ting also explained that while certain bored piles did not
hit rock, the pile length was shorter than the depth at which the rock layer
started; consequently, while no rock was encountered, it could not be
concluded that there was no rock at the deeper levels of the cross-
section.[note: 105] Dr Ting’s overall position was that while the SPT values
recorded in the Geospecs Logs were correct[note: 106], the description and
classification of the ground materials were incorrect.[note: 107] Mr Wada
opined that the Geospecs Logs could be trusted and that the engineers had
accepted it as a matter of judgment although there had been no physical
recovery of samples.[note: 108] While Mr Wada did not respond directly to Dr
Ting’s explanation as to why the soil had possibly been described inaccurately
at the lower levels, Mr Wada suggested that the Site was a boulder area based
on the borehole logs for BH-5 and BH-6.[note: 109]

138 I also accept Dr Ting’s evidence (which relied on CP4) that where Bukit
Timah Granite is concerned, it is particularly important to distinguish
between Grades II, IV, V and VI as there is a significant difference in the
engineering behaviour of each of these grades. As noted above, CP4 also states
that typically there is only limited Grade V and Grade IV material below the
usual thick layer of residual soil and recommends careful and frequent
sampling once the penetrational resistance in the SPT reaches 30
blows/300mm.[note: 110] This was something Geospecs clearly failed to do.

139 With respect, I find Mr Wada’s expert evidence of limited assistance in
explaining the disparity between the Geospecs Logs and the Boring Logs. I
accept that differential weathering and the possibility of boulders on the
Site may explain the occasional presence of rock, but it appears to me to be
highly improbable that rock would be consistently encountered across the Site
for these two reasons. As noted above, Mr Wada conceded that he was not able
to explain the variations between BH-11, BH-11A and BH-11B, whilst Dr Ting was
able to proffer a consistent and coherent theory that satisfactorily explained
the results of the Geospecs Logs, Boring Logs and S & F Report.

140 Fifthly, I find that Geospecs’ confirmatory boreholes BH-1A and BH-11A
were drilled during a weekend and Resource Piling was not informed so that it
could not send representatives to witness the drilling. Mr Tan explained that
Mr Okkar had communicated the time of drilling to Mr Babu but the latter had
failed to inform Resource Piling.[note: 111] However, I note that Mr Babu was
not called as a witness to establish this fact. I find this excuse quite
suspicious and self-serving. Geospecs knew there was a claim by Resource
Piling that they had encountered rock over large areas in the site. That was
the very reason why the confirmatory boreholes were being done in the first
place. Mr Tan also claimed that Mr Sinnadurai witnessed the drilling of the
two confirmatory boreholes and checked the termination depth.[note: 112]
However he too was not called nor did a Professional Engineer sign off on the
findings of Geospecs’ confirmatory borelogs as no report was produced and Mr
Tan claimed that Mr Sinnadurai’s certification was therefore not
required.[note: 113] I have already commented on the lack of sample recovery
in the lowest levels of BH-1A (24.00m-27.02m) and BH-11A (24.00m-27.02m) which
inevitably led to the lower layers being described as “inferred”. I
additionally note that the description of these lowest layers from each
borehole did not really correspond to the two layers above for each borehole.
I find that no competent engineer could say that these two borelogs confirmed
the findings in BH-1 and BH-11. On the other hand, as noted above, the
Resident Engineer countersigned on Resource Piling’s Boring Logs and I accept
that Resource Piling recovered samples from their boring which were kept by
the Resident Engineer for inspection by the Accredited Checker or Developer.
Both the Accredited Checker and Developer must have been satisfied and agreed
with Resource Piling because the Boring Logs were compiled and sent in
together with the As-Built Pile Drawings, duly signed by the Professional
Engineer and Accredited Checker, to the BCA. If the Resident Engineer or
Longrove had any reservations, I cannot see them signing off these records and
drawings for submission and retention by the BCA.

141 In summary, I find that Geospecs’ soil investigation was negligently
carried out and the Geospecs Logs were negligently logged and inaccurate, but
as I have found that no duty of care exists _vis-à-vis_ Resource Piling and
Geospecs, it is not necessary to consider whether any such hypothetical duty
has been breached. If it was necessary to do so, then I would have found that
Geospecs was negligent and had breached that duty of care if it existed.

Conclusion

142 For the reasons set out above, I dismiss Resource Piling’s claim on the
basis that Geospecs did not owe any duty of care to Resource Piling in
relation to the preparation of the Geospecs Logs.

143 I will hear the parties on costs.

Reported by Mak Sushan Melissa.

* * *

[note: 1]Exhibit P-1; Plaintiff’s Supplementary Bundle of Documents Vol 2 p
821.

[note: 2]Exhibit P-1; Plaintiff’s Supplementary Bundle of Documents Vol 2 p
821.

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 pp 1-27.

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 pp 30-32.

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 p 162.

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 p 163, p 167-168.

[note: 7]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 pp 169-173.

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 pp 174-175.

[note: 9]Defendant’s Bundle of Documents Vol 2 p 570.

[note: 10]Plaintiff’s Core Bundle of Documents p 156.

[note: 11]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1 p 207.

[note: 12]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Foo Hee Kang, 26 June 2012, page 100 at
lines 12-23.

[note: 13]Affidavit of Evidence-in-chief of Tan Eng Gee, TEG-2 p 33.

[note: 14]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tan Eng Gee, 27 August 2012, page 59 at
lines 12-24.

[note: 15]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [153].

[note: 16]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tan Eng Gee, 27 August 2012, page 47 lines
9-25, page 48 lines 1-3.

[note: 17]Notes of Examination, XXN of Foo Hee Kang, 25 June 2012, p 93 lines
19-25, p 93 lines 1-3.

[note: 18]Notes of Examination, XXN of Tan Eng Gee, 27 August 2012, p 45 lines
4-25, p 46 lines 1-4.

[note: 19]Notes of Evidence, XN of Foo Hee Kang, 25 June 2012, pages 76-87;
Exhibit P-2.

[note: 20]Affidavit of Evidence-in-chief of Tan Eng Gee at TEG-2.

[note: 21]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, page 50
lines 2-20.

[note: 22]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, page 55
lines 4-16.

[note: 23]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 31 August 2012, pages 167-169;
Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, pages 133-135.

[note: 24]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, page 137
lines 19-22.

[note: 25]Exhibit P-12.

[note: 26]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, pages
145-152.

[note: 27]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, page 141
lines 12-16.

[note: 28]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, page 57
lines 14-22.

[note: 29]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, pages
115-119.

[note: 30]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, pages
132-133.

[note: 31]Affidavit of Evidence-in-chief of Foo Hee Kang, FHK-8 at p 8.

[note: 32]Exhibits P-3 and P-4.

[note: 33]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 5 at p 1808.

[note: 34]Affidavit of Evidence-in-chief of Ting Sing Kiong at TSK-2 p 17-18.

[note: 35]Notes of Evidence, XN of Ting Sing Kiong, 29 August 2012, page 139
lines 11-20.

[note: 36]Notes of Evidence, XN of Ting Sing Kiong, 29 August 2012, page 141
lines 13-15.

[note: 37]Notes of Evidence, XN of Ting Sing Kiong, 29 August 2012, page 142
lines 1-4; Exhibit P-8.

[note: 38]Affidavit of Evidence-in-chief of Akira Wada at AW-2 p 16-17.

[note: 39]Notes of Evidence, XN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, page 20 lines
1-13.

[note: 40]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, page 20
lines 14-18; page 89 lines 5-18.

[note: 41]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, page 89
lines 19-25; page 90 lines 1-3.

[note: 42]See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 2

[note: 43]Affidavit of Evidence-in-chief of Chong Kong Wai at [9].

[note: 44]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Foo Hee Kang, 25 June 2012, page 135 lines
15-22.

[note: 45]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Chong Kong Wai, 28 June 2012, page 30
lines 20-25, page 31 lines 1-4.

[note: 46]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Chong Kong Wai, 28 June 2012, page 31
lines 5-13.

[note: 47]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Chong Kong Wai, 28 June 2012, page 74
lines 20-23.

[note: 48]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Chong Kong Wai, 28 June 2012, page 126
lines 3-9.

[note: 49]Notes of Evidence, RXN of Chong Kong Wai, 28 June 2012, page 149
lines 8-23.

[note: 50]Notes of Evidence, XN of Ting Sing Kiong, 29 August 2012, page 155
lines 9-22.

[note: 51]Notes of Evidence, XN of Ting Sing Kiong, 29 August 2012, page 145.

[note: 52]See Exhibit B-3, As-Built Pile Penetration Table.

[note: 53]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tun Tun Latt, 28 August 2012, page 58-59.

[note: 54]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tun Tun Latt, 28 August 2012, page 60
lines 2-10.

[note: 55]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tun Tun Latt, 28 August 2012, page 97
lines 15-25.

[note: 56]Notes of Evidence, RXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 98 lines
22-25.

[note: 57]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tun Tun Latt, 28 August 2012, page 68
lines 5-9.

[note: 58]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 5 lines 24-25,
page 6 lines 1-4.

[note: 59]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 9 lines 1-9.

[note: 60]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 8 lines 7-12.

[note: 61]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tun Tun Latt, 28 August 2012, page 81
lines 8-12.

[note: 62]Notes of Evidence, RXN of Tun Tun Latt, 28 August 2012, pages
148-149.

[note: 63]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 14 lines 4-15.

[note: 64]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Ting Sing Kiong, 30 August 2012, page
169-171.

[note: 65]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 34 lines 7-11.

[note: 66]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 53 lines
11-17.

[note: 67]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Ting Sing Kiong, 30 August 2012, page 27
lines 6-12.

[note: 68]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, page 135
lines 12-13.

[note: 69]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 25 lines
14-22.

[note: 70]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 31 lines
11-14; page 48 lines 13-19.

[note: 71]Notes of Evidence, RXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 121 lines
9-15.

[note: 72]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tun Tun Latt, 28 August 2012, pages
109-111.

[note: 73]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tun Tun Latt, 28 August 2012, pages 118
lines 4-12; XXN of Tun Tun Latt, 28 August 2012, pages 120 lines 1-20.

[note: 74]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012 (After 5.30
pm) page 6-10.

[note: 75]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012 (After 5.30
pm) page 14-19.

[note: 76]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 5 at p 1889.

[note: 77]Code of Practice for Foundations, Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents
Vol 4 p 1574.

[note: 78]Exhibit B-7.

[note: 79]Exhibit B-11.

[note: 80]Notes of Evidence, XN of Foo Hee Kang, 25 June 2012, page 40 lines
13-17.

[note: 81]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tan Eng Gee, 27 August 2012, page 79 lines
1-3.

[note: 82]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Ting Sing Kiong, 30 August 2012, page 133
lines 10-21.

[note: 83]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Ting Sing Kiong, 30 August 2012, page 135
lines 11-21.

[note: 84]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Ting Sing Kiong, 30 August 2012, page
pages 134-135.

[note: 85]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tan Eng Gee, 27 August 2012, page 75 lines
1-3.

[note: 86]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tan Eng Gee, 27 August 2012, page 79 lines
13-20.

[note: 87]Affidavit of Evidence in-chief of Foo Hee Kang, FKH-8 at pp 139-146.

[note: 88]Affidavit of Evidence-in-chief of Foo Hee Kang, FKH-13 at pp
395-396.

[note: 89]Notes of Evidence, XN of Ng Dick Young, 27 June 2012, Page 15 lines
5-9.

[note: 90]Notes of Evidence, FXN of Ng Dick Young, 27 June 2012, page 24 lines
5-14.

[note: 91]Notes of Evidence, FXN of Ng Dick Young, 27 June 2012, page 26.

[note: 92]Notes of Evidence, FXN of Ng Dick Young, 27 June 2012, page 36-38.

[note: 93]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tan Eng Gee, 28 August 2012, page 25 lines
10-21.

[note: 94]Notes of Evidence, FXN of Ng Dick Young, 27 June 2012, page 18 lines
2-4.

[note: 95]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 83 lines 6-19;
Affidavit of Evidence-in-chief of Okkar at para 18.

[note: 96]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, page 81
lines 13-15.

[note: 97]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 53 lines
11-17.

[note: 98]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 48 lines
13-19.

[note: 99]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, page 141
lines 9-16.

[note: 100]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Okkar, 29 August 2012, page 83 lines
9-19.

[note: 101]Notes of Evidence, XN of Ting Sing Kiong, 30 August 2012, page 170
lines 8-11.

[note: 102]Notes of Evidence, XN of Ting Sing Kiong, 30 August 2012, page 161
lines 12-19.

[note: 103]Notes of Evidence, XN of Ting Sing Kiong, 30 August 2012, page 166
lines 16-23.

[note: 104]Notes of Evidence, XN of Ting Sing Kiong, 29 August 2012, page 163
lines 3-9; RXN of Ting Sing Kiong, 31 August 2012, page 140 lines 9-15.

[note: 105]Notes of Evidence, XN of Ting Sing Kiong, 30 August 2012, page 172
lines 1-16.

[note: 106]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Ting Sing Kiong, 31 August 2012, page 137
lines 21-25.

[note: 107]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Ting Sing Kiong, 31 August 2012, page 54
lines 9-20.

[note: 108]Notes of Evidence, XN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, page 22
lines 18-25.

[note: 109]Notes of Evidence, XN of Akira Wada, 3 September 2012, page 154
lines 1-8.

[note: 110]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Ting Sing Kiong, 30 August 2012, page
170-171.

[note: 111]Notes of Evidence, XN of Tan Eng Gee, 27 August 2012, page 16 lines
2-15.

[note: 112]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tan Eng Gee, 27 August 2012, page 32
lines 12-25.

[note: 113]Notes of Evidence, XXN of Tan Eng Gee, 27 August 2012, page 34
lines 11-22.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

