Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Global Distressed Alpha Fund I Ltd Partnership _v_ PT Bakrie Investindo  
[2013] SGHC 105

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 595 of 2011 (Summons No 957 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 May 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hri Kumar Nair SC, Emmanuel Duncan Chua and James Low
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Suresh Damodara (Damodara Hazra LLP)
for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Global Distressed Alpha Fund I Ltd Partnership — PT Bakrie
Investindo  
  
14 May 2013|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 Pursuant to leave of court that was granted on 7 February 2013, Global
Distressed Alpha Fund I Limited Partnership (“the Plaintiff”) filed the
present application for, _inter alia_ , Robertus Bismarka Kurniawan
(“Kurniawan”), the Ex-President Commissioner and Ex-Chairman of the
Supervisory Board of PT Barkrie Investindo (“the Defendant”), to stand
committed to prison and/or fined and for a Warrant for Arrest to be issued for
refusing to comply with an order made by the Assistant Registrar (“AR”) on 14
June 2012 for, _inter alia_ , the examination of Kurniawan as an ex-officer of
the Defendant in its capacity as a judgment debtor (“the EJD Order”). At the
conclusion of the hearing, I allowed the application. As the Defendant has
appealed against my decision (in Civil Appeal No 41 of 2013), I shall now set
out the grounds for my decision.

The background to the EJD Order

2 The Plaintiff was a company that was part of a group which invested in
different types of private distressed commercial and sovereign debt claims
around the world. The Defendant was an investment holding company of a
prominent family in Indonesia. Kurniawan was the President Commissioner and
Chairman of the Defendant at all material times until 2 January 2012. He
was/is, at all material times, ordinarily resident in Indonesia.

3 In 1996, one of the Defendant’s subsidiaries (“the Issuer”) issued US$50m
worth of loan notes (“the Notes”), and the Defendant guaranteed the payment of
sums due under the Notes pursuant to a guarantee that was governed by English
law (“the Guarantee”). In 1999, the Issuer defaulted on the payment of sums
due under the Notes and the Defendant consequently became liable under the
Guarantee. In addition, the Defendant faced mounting debts from other sources.
The Defendant’s debts, including its liability under the Guarantee, amounted
to over US$500m.

4 Pursuant to Indonesian bankruptcy laws, the Defendant entered into an
arrangement (“the Composition Plan”) with some of its creditors. Under the
Composition Plan, participating creditors swapped their claims against the
Defendant for shares in two special purpose vehicles into which the Defendant
transferred its assets. On 6 March 2002, the Commercial Court of the Central
Jakarta District Court ratified the Composition Plan (“the Indonesian
Ratification Order”) such that thereupon, under Indonesian law, creditor
claims against the Defendant, including those under the Guarantee, were
discharged.

5 In 2009, the Plaintiff bought US$2m worth of the Notes. The Issuer
subsequently defaulted on payment of sums due under the Notes. The Plaintiff
then sued the Defendant on the Guarantee in the United Kingdom (“UK”). The
Plaintiff obtained final judgment in UK on its claim and the Defendant was
ordered to pay to the Plaintiff: (a) US$2,000,000; (b) US$1,283,333.32 by way
of interest accrued; (c) interest continuing to accrue on the total amount of
US$3,282,333.32 or such lesser amount as may from time to time be outstanding,
at a rate of 9.625% per annum from 17 February 2011; and (d) costs on a
standard basis to be the subject of detailed assessment if not agreed (“the UK
Judgment”).

6 Pursuant to the UK Judgment, the Plaintiff submitted for taxation its bill
of costs, which was not contested by the Defendant. On 10 June 2011, the UK
High Court issued a Default Costs Certificate (“the UK Default Costs
Certificate”), requiring the Defendant to pay to the Plaintiff: (a) costs of
£205,327.98 with interest at the rate of 8% per annum from 17 February 2011;
and (b) costs of £140 with interest at the rate of 8% per annum from 10 June
2011.

7 No appeal was filed against the UK Judgment or the UK Default Costs
Certificate (collectively, “the Entire UK Judgment”). The time for appeal has
now long since expired. The Defendant did not satisfy any part of the Entire
UK Judgment.

8 On 18 July 2011, the Plaintiff filed Originating Summons No 595 of 2011
(“the OS”), seeking, _inter alia_ , an order that: (a) the Entire UK Judgment
be registered as a judgment of the High Court of Singapore pursuant to s 3 of
the Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev
Ed); and (b) the Defendant be at liberty to apply to set aside the said
registration within 14 days after service upon it (within the jurisdiction of
Indonesia) of notice of such registration pursuant to O 67 r 7 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) if it had any grounds for
so doing, and execution upon the Entire UK Judgment would not issue until
after the expiration of that period or any extension of that period granted by
the court or, if an application was made to set aside the registration, until
such application had been disposed of.

9 On 18 July 2011, the AR granted an order in terms of the OS (“the
Registration Order”). The Registration Order was served on the Defendant in
Indonesia on 4 August 2011. No application to set aside the Registration Order
was made within 14 days of the service of the Registration Order.

10 On 14 June 2012, pursuant to an application by the Plaintiff in Summons No
2944 of 2012, the AR made the EJD Order as follows:

(a) Kurniawan was to attend before the Registrar of the Supreme Court (“the
Registrar”) and to be orally examined as to whether any, and if so, what debts
are owing to the Defendant and whether the Defendant has any, and if so, what
property or other means of satisfying the Entire UK Judgment (“Order 1”).

(b) Kurniawan was to produce upon such examination all books or documents in
his possession, custody or power relevant to the matters referred to above,
including but not limited to:

(i) bank account statements of all bank accounts held in the name of the
Defendant; and

(ii) all documents evidencing the assets and properties owned by the Defendant
(“Order 2”).

(c) Kurniawan should, by way of an affidavit, provide all the answers and
documents sought by the Plaintiff in an attached questionnaire (“the
Questionnaire”) not less than seven days before any hearing fixed for the oral
examination (“Order 3”).

(d) Costs of this application and of the said examination thereunder were to
be in the discretion of the Registrar conducting the examination.

The EJD Order was the order that formed the subject matter of the committal
proceedings before this court.

11 The notice prescribed under O 45 r 7(4) of the Rules of Court informing
Kurniawan that if he disobeyed the EJD Order he would be liable to the process
of execution for the purposes of compelling him to obey the same was endorsed
on the EJD Order. On 16 June 2012, Kurniawan was personally served with the
EJD Order while he was at a taxi-stand at Changi Airport.

Subsequent events after the grant of the EJD Order

12 The EJD was fixed for hearing on 3 July 2012 (“the 1st EJD Hearing”). On 29
June 2012, the solicitor acting for both the Defendant and Kurniawan, Mr
Suresh Damodara (“Mr Damodara”), wrote to the Registrar of the Supreme Court
(“the Registrar”) requesting that the 1st EJD Hearing be adjourned as: (a)
Kurniawan was on a family vacation; (b) he needed time to take instructions;
and (c) he would be away from 1 to 8 July 2012. The Registrar did not respond
to this request before the 1st EJD Hearing. On 3 July 2012, Kurniawan did not
attend the 1st EJD Hearing. Mr Damodara’s colleague explained the situation to
the AR at the hearing. The AR re-fixed the EJD to 14 August 2012 (“the 2nd EJD
Hearing”).

13 On 13 August 2012, Mr Damodara wrote to the Registrar requesting that the
2nd EJD Hearing be adjourned as he had been instructed to set aside the
Registration Order. The Registrar did not respond to this request before the
hearing. On 14 August 2012, Kurniawan did not attend the 2nd EJD Hearing. Mr
Damodara explained to the AR that he had instructions to set aside the
Registration Order. The AR re-fixed the EJD to 4 September 2012 (“the 3rd EJD
Hearing”).

14 On 31 August 2012, the Defendant filed an application to set aside the
Registration Order and the EJD Order in Summons No 4443 of 2012 (“the 1st
Setting Aside Application”). The fact that Kurniawan had resigned as the
President Commissioner and Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Defendant
on 2 January 2012 was first made known to the Plaintiff via Kurniawan’s first
affidavit of 31 August 2012 filed in support of the 1st Setting Aside
Application. Kurniawan also stated in this affidavit that the Defendant was
dormant without any staff and had no assets. On 31 August 2012, Mr Damodara
wrote to the Registrar requesting that the 3rd EJD Hearing be adjourned in
view of the 1st Setting Aside Application. The Registrar replied that “[t]he
[3rd EJD Hearing] will remains [_sic_] on 04 September 2012 at 9am”. On 4
September 2012, Kurniawan did not attend the 3rd EJD Hearing. The AR re-fixed
the EJD to 16 October 2012 (“the 4th EJD Hearing”). There was no Pre-Trial
Conference fixed for 4 September 2012, and it was clear from the context that
the Registrar was actually referring to the 3rd EJD Hearing.

15 On 14 September 2012, the AR heard the 1st Setting Aside Application and
directed the Defendant to amend the same to remove its prayer for the EJD
Order to be set aside and for that prayer to be filed in a separate summons.
The Defendant complied and filed a separate application in Summons No 4682 of
2012 (“the 2nd Setting Aside Application”) for the EJD Order to be set aside.
On 24 September 2012, the AR heard the 1st and 2nd Setting Aside Application
and dismissed both. On 25 September 2012, the Defendant filed Registrar’s
Appeal No 392 of 2012 and Registrar’s Appeal No 393 of 2012 (collectively, the
“Setting Aside RAs”) respectively against the AR’s dismissals of the 1st and
2nd Setting Aside Application. The Setting Aside RAs were heard by Woo Bih Li
J on 11 October 2012, who reserved judgment.

16 On 11 October 2012, Mr Damadora wrote to the Registrar requesting that the
4th EJD Hearing be adjourned pending Woo J’s decision. The Registrar acceded
to the request and adjourned the 4th EJD Hearing to 6 November 2012.

17 On 31 October 2012, Woo J dismissed the Setting Aside RAs (see _Global
Distressed Alpha Fund I Limited Partnership v PT Bakrie Investindo_ [2013] 2
SLR 228 released on 16 January 2013). On 5 November 2012, the Defendant filed
Civil Appeal No 144 of 2012 and Civil Appeal No 145 of 2012 (“the Setting
Aside Appeals”) against Woo J’s decision in the Setting Aside RAs.

18 On 5 November 2012, Mr Damodara wrote to the Registrar requesting that the
4th EJD Hearing which was adjourned to 6 November 2012 be further adjourned
pending the determination of the Setting Aside Appeals. The Plaintiff objected
to this adjournment as there was no stay of the EJD Order. On 6 November 2012,
the Registrar replied disallowing the request and indicated that the EJD was
to proceed as fixed. Kurniawan did not attend the 4th EJD Hearing. Instead at
the 4th EJD Hearing, Mr Damodara submitted to the AR that O 67 r 10(2) of the
Rules of Court provided for an automatic stay of the EJD Order until the final
determination of the Setting Aside Appeals (“the Stay Application”). The AR
reserved judgment. On 21 November 2012, the AR dismissed the Stay Application
and re-fixed the EJD to 6 December 2012 (“the 5th EJD Hearing”).

19 On 28 November 2012, the Defendant filed Registrar’s Appeal No 483 of 2012
(“the Stay RA”) against the AR’s decision. The Stay RA was fixed to be heard
on 17 December 2012, which was after the scheduled date of the 5th EJD Hearing
on 6 December 2012. On 29 November 2012, the Plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to
the Defendant’s solicitors inviting the Defendant to take steps to expedite
the Stay RA. The Defendant did not do so. Instead, on 3 December 2012, Mr
Damodara wrote to the Registrar requesting that the 5th EJD Hearing be
adjourned for “an initial 12 weeks” as Kurniawan was “occupied by various
engagements in respect of his work and family members, and therefore [would]
be unable to come to Singapore for the [5th EJD Hearing] until the end of the
first quarter of 2013”. On 4 December 2012, the Registrar informed all parties
that the 5th EJD Hearing fixed for 6 December 2012 was to remain unless the
Plaintiff consented to the adjournment. The Plaintiff did not consent to the
adjournment, so the 5th EJD Hearing on 6 December 2012 was to proceed as
fixed.

20 On 6 December 2012, Kurniawan did not attend the 5th EJD Hearing. The
Plaintiff’s counsel indicated that they would take the Plaintiff’s
instructions as to whether to commence committal proceedings against
Kurniawan, and Mr Damodara confirmed to the court that he had advised
Kurniawan on the possible consequences of his absence. The AR re-fixed the EJD
to 8 January 2013 (“the 6thEJD Hearing”).

21 On 17 December 2012, Tay Yong Kwang J heard the Stay RA and dismissed it
(see _Global Distressed Alpha Fund I Limited Partnership v PT Bakrie
Investindo_ [2013] SGHC 30). On 3 January 2013, the Defendant filed Civil
Appeal No 1 of 2013 (“the Stay Appeal”) against Tay J’s decision.

22 On 8 January 2013, Kurniawan did not attend the 6th EJD Hearing. Mr
Damodara conveyed to the court that Kurniawan relied on the same reasons given
in his earlier letter dated 3 December 2012 (_ie_ , that he was occupied by
various engagements in respect of his work and family). The Plaintiff’s
counsel confirmed to the court that the Plaintiff would be taking up committal
proceedings against Kurniawan. The AR re-fixed the EJD to 22 January 2013
(“the 7th EJD Hearing”).

23 On 10 January 2013, the Defendant took out applications to expedite and
consolidate the Setting Aside Appeals and the Stay Appeal (“the Consolidation
Applications”). The Consolidation Applications were fixed for hearing on 25
January 2013.

24 On 18 January 2013, the Plaintiff filed an application seeking, _inter
alia_ , leave to apply for an order of committal against Kurniawan with a
prayer for personal service of the documents stated in O 52 r 3(4) of the
Rules of Court (“the Committal Documents”) to be dispensed with, or for
service of the Committal Documents on Mr Damodara’s firm Damodara Hazra LLP to
be deemed good and sufficient service (“the Leave Application”).

25 On 22 January 2013, Kurniawan did not attend the 7th EJD Hearing. Mr
Damodara conveyed to the court that Kurniawan relied on the same reasons given
in the letter dated 3 December 2012 (_ie_ , that he was occupied by various
engagements in respect of his work and family), and that the Consolidation
Applications were to be heard soon. The AR re-fixed the hearing to 19 February
2013 (“the 8th EJD Hearing”).

26 On 25 January 2013, the Consolidation Applications were heard by Vinodh
Coomaraswamy JC. He granted an order for the consolidation of the Setting
Aside Appeals but dismissed the prayer for the Stay Appeal to be consolidated
and the prayer for the three appeals to be expedited.

27 On 7 February 2013, this court heard the Leave Application on an _ex-parte_
basis, with Mr Damodara appearing on behalf of the Defendant and Kurniawan on
a watching brief. After hearing the parties, I ordered that: (a) leave be
granted to the Plaintiff to apply for an order of committal against Kurniawan;
(b) the Defendant’s solicitors were to write to the Plaintiff’s solicitors
within 48 hours to confirm if their firm had instructions to accept service of
the Committal Documents; and (c) if the Defendant’s solicitors did not confirm
that their firm had instructions to accept service, substituted service of the
Committal Documents would be effected on Kurniawan by inserting a notice of
advertisement of my order in one issue of The Jakarta Post in the week
commencing 11 February 2013, such service to be deemed good and sufficient
service on Kurniawan of the Committal Documents.

28 On 8 February 2013, the Defendant’s solicitors sent a fax to the
Plaintiff’s solicitors confirming that it had instructions to accept service
of the Committal Documents. However, due to an administrative oversight, this
fax was not forwarded to the Plaintiff’s solicitors’ attention. As such, on 16
February 2013, the Plaintiff’s solicitors effected substituted service of the
Committal Documents by advertisement in The Jakarta Post. The Plaintiff’s
solicitors also served a copy of the Committal Documents on the Defendant’s
solicitors on 25 January 2013 by hand and on 22 February 2013 through the
Electronic Filing System respectively. On 22 February 2013, the Plaintiff’s
solicitors also sent a physical copy of the Committal Documents to Kurniawan’s
address as stated in his affidavit filed on 31 August 2012.

29 On 13 February 2013, the Defendant and Kurniawan filed (without obtaining
leave) an affidavit affirmed by one Edemarau Purba, an attorney from the
Indonesia law offices of Demarau Pangestu, who had been requested by the
Defendant to issue a legal opinion in connection with the capacity, authority
and liability of Kurniawan (“the Expert Affidavit”). The main thrust of the
Expert Affidavit was that: (a) Kurniawan’s evidence was irrelevant since he
was not involved with the day-to-day management of the Defendant when he was
the President Commissioner and Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the
Defendant; and (b) as Kurniawan had since resigned, he could not be held
liable for the Defendant’s liabilities and could not represent the Defendant
before any court or tribunal.

30 On 19 February 2013, Kurniawan did not attend the 8th EJD Hearing. Mr
Damodara conveyed to the court his clients’ position that: (a) it would be
inconsistent for them to file a formal stay application since O 67 r 10(2) of
the Rules of Court purportedly provided for an automatic stay of the EJD Order
until the final determination of the Setting Aside Appeals and the Stay
Appeal; and (b) Kurniawan’s participation in the EJD would be contrary to the
Indonesian Ratification Order. The AR re-fixed the EJD to 20 March 2013 (“the
9th EJD Hearing”).

31 On 20 March 2013, Kurniawan did not attend the 9th EJD Hearing. Mr Damodara
again reiterated his clients’ position that it would be inconsistent for them
to file a formal stay application. The AR re-fixed the EJD to 10 April 2013.

32 The substantive committal application was subsequently heard and granted by
this court on 25 March 2013.

The Issues

33 As a preliminary point, it should be noted that the action against
Kurniawan was clearly an action for _civil_ and not criminal contempt since he
was personally bound by the EJD Order and the application by the Plaintiff was
directed at securing Kurniawan’s compliance with the EJD Order (see _Aurol
Anthony Sabastian v Sembcorp Marine Ltd_ [2013] 2 SLR 246 at [29]). For the
purposes of establishing civil contempt, it would be sufficient if there was a
deliberate breach of an order. Kurniawan’s reasons for his disobedience was
not relevant in establishing liability; it was only relevant at the later
sentencing stage (see _OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP and others v Burhan Uray
(alias Wong Ming Kiong) and others_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 60 (“ _OCM Opportunities_
”) at [27] and _Summit Holdings Ltd and another v Business Software Alliance_
[1999] 2 SLR(R) 592 at [52] and [53]).

34 The issues decided in the substantive committal application were therefore
as follows:

(a) Was there a deliberate breach of the EJD Order by Kurniawan?

(b) If so, what was the appropriate sentence?

35 The details of the EJD Order were set out earlier at [10]. For clarity, I
will address Kurniawan’s liability in relation to each order in the EJD Order
separately.

Order 1 of the EJD Order

36 Order 1 of the EJD Order required Kurniawan to attend before the Singapore
court to be orally examined as to the Defendant’s assets. In my view,
Kurniawan’s course of conduct since the grant of the EJD Order clearly showed
that he was in deliberate flagrant breach of this order. I elaborate more
below.

37 Kurniawan was in breach of the EJD Order in failing to attend the 1st and
2nd EJD Hearings fixed for 3 July 2012 and 14 August 2012 respectively. As
noted at [12] and [13] above, the Registrar did not respond to Kurniawan’s
request for an adjournment before the 1st and 2nd EJD Hearings. That being the
case, and in the absence of an express grant of an adjournment, it was
understood that those two EJD Hearings were to proceed as scheduled.

38 Kurniawan was in breach of the EJD Order in failing to attend the 3rd EJD
Hearing fixed for 4 September 2012. As noted at [14] above, the Registrar had
expressly rejected the Defendant’s request for an adjournment of the 3rd EJD
Hearing and replied that it will remains [_sic_] on 04 September 2012 at 9
am”.

39 I noted that Kurniawan was not in breach of the EJD Order in failing to
attend the 4th EJD Hearing originally fixed for 16 October 2012 since the
Registrar had expressly granted his request for an adjournment (see [16]
above).

40 However, Kurniawan was in breach of the EJD Order in failing to attend the
adjourned 4th EJD Hearing fixed for 6 November 2012. It is trite law that an
appeal does _not_ operate as an automatic stay of proceedings unless a stay of
execution has been ordered. In the present case, the Defendant did not obtain
a stay order pending the determination of the Setting Aside Appeals. That
being the case, the Plaintiff was perfectly entitled to enforce the EJD Order
after the Setting Aside RAs were dismissed by Woo J. Furthermore, as noted at
[18] above, Kurniawan’s request for a further adjournment of the 4th EJD
Hearing was expressly rejected by the Registrar.

41 Kurniawan was again in breach of the EJD Order in failing to attend the 5th
EJD Hearing fixed for 6 December 2012. As noted at [19] above, his reason for
requesting an adjournment was that he was “occupied by various engagements in
respect of his work and family members”. The vagueness of this reason and the
total lack of supporting evidence aside, such an excuse was wholly
unacceptable. Kurniawan was _bound_ by an order of court to attend the EJD
Hearing. This was not some invitation that Kurniawan was entitled to turn down
based on his (purportedly) busy schedule. Kurniawan did not even show that he
had at least made some attempt to reschedule his engagements. The Registrar
had also clearly indicated that the 5th EJD Hearing was to remain unless the
Plaintiff consented to the adjournment (which it did not).

42 Kurniawan was again in breach of the EJD Order in failing to attend the 6th
EJD Hearing fixed for 8 January 2013. At the hearing, Kurniawan through his
counsel had again sought to rely on the excuse that he was occupied by various
engagements. This was clearly unacceptable for the reasons set out earlier at
[41].

43 Kurniawan was similarly in breach of the EJD Order in failing to attend the
7th EJD Hearing fixed for 22 January 2013. His excuse that he was busy and
that the Consolidation Applications were to be heard soon were unacceptable
for the same reasons as elaborated upon in [40] and [41] above.

44 Kurniawan was in breach of the EJD Order in failing to attend the 8th
Hearing fixed for 19 February 2013. As noted at [30] above, the first reason
provided by Kurniawan and the Defendant at that hearing was that O 67 r 10(2)
of the Rules of Court provided for an automatic stay of the EJD proceedings,
and taking out a formal application for a stay would be inconsistent with that
belief. I found this unacceptable. Since the Stay Application was dismissed,
the proper course of action that the Defendant and Kurniawan should have
adopted was to take out a formal stay application while expressly reserving
the right to pursue their argument on appeal that O 67 r 10(2) of the Rules of
Court provided for an automatic stay of the EJD proceedings. If that had been
done, it could not and would not reasonably be said that the Defendant and
Kurniawan had waived their rights. The beliefs of Defendant and Kurniawan as
to the incorrectness of the dismissal of the Stay Application and the Stay RA
could not justify its disobedience of the same.

45 The following passage from _OCM Opportunities_ is apposite (at [29]):

_As long as the orders stood, the plaintiffs were entitled to have them
respected and obeyed._ It is not for the majority defendants to disregard the
orders on the basis of a belief that the Order of 5 March 2004 was basically
wrong in that the action should be set aside or stayed and the Mareva
injunction discharged. The legal position on this is clear. Romer LJ in
_Hadkinson v Hadkinson_ [1952] P 285 at 288 said:

It is the plain and unqualified obligation of every person against, or in
respect of whom, an order is made by a court of competent jurisdiction, to
obey it unless and until that order is discharged. The uncompromising nature
of this obligation is shown by the fact that it extends even to cases where
the person affected by an order believes it to be irregular or even void. _"A
party who knows of an order, whether null and void, regular or irregular,
cannot be permitted to disobey it. ... It would be most dangerous to hold that
the suitors, or their solicitors, could themselves judge whether an order was
null and void - whether it was regular or irregular. That they should come to
the court and not take upon themselves to determine such a question: that the
course of a party knowing of an order which was null and irregular and who
might be affected by it was plain. He should apply to the court that it might
be discharged. As long as it existed it must not be disobeyed."_ (_Per_ Lord
Cottenham L.C. in  _Chuck v Cremer_ [(1846) 1 Coop t Cott 205 at 338; 47 ER
820 at 884].)

Such being the nature of this obligation, two consequences will, in general,
follow from its breach. The first is that anyone who disobeys an order of the
court ... is in contempt and may be punished by committal or attachment or
otherwise.

[emphasis added]

46 The second reason provided by Kurniawan and the Defendant at the 8th EJD
hearing was that Kurniawan’s participation in the EJD would be contrary to the
Indonesian Ratification Order. I could not and did not accept this argument.
Since the ambit of the EJD Order was only to ascertain if the Defendant had
any assets, I could not see how compliance with the EJD Order would contravene
the Indonesian Ratification Order. Even if it was discovered that the
Defendant has assets, any payment ordered by the Singapore court could not and
would not be construed as a voluntary act of payment by the Defendant in
contravention of the Indonesia Ratification Order. I would add that even if
such a predicament occurred, Kurniawan only had the Defendant, and indirectly,
himself, to blame, at least until he resigned as the President Commissioner
and Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Defendant on 2 January 2012.

47 As noted by Woo J at [46] of his decision in the Setting Aside RAs, the
Defendant should have filed an appeal against the Entire UK Judgment if it was
dissatisfied with the decision. Yet, for reasons best known to the Defendant,
it chose not to do so, not even after Woo J explained at [48] of his decision
that the sensible thing for the Defendant to do was to file an application in
the UK for an extension of time to appeal against the Entire UK Judgment,
which was the root of the Defendant’s problems.

48 I therefore also rejected Mr Damodara’s submission in the substantive
committal application that committal proceedings being a measure of last
resort, the Plaintiff was obliged to first pursue all other available means to
elicit answers from Kurniawan without him having to participate in the EJD
(such as allowing Kurniawan to give his statement in Indonesia with the
sanction of the Indonesian courts). Since Kurniawan’s purported predicament
was ill-founded, the Plaintiff was not obliged to pursue such measures. Even
if Kurniawan was in fact in such a predicament, it did not lie in his mouth to
argue that the Plaintiff was obliged to pursue such measures, since he and the
Defendant were the authors of their own perceived predicament. In any event, I
was of the view that there were no other reasonable alternatives that the
Plaintiff could and should have pursued before taking out the present
committal proceedings.

49 Lastly, I noted that Kurniawan was in breach of the EJD Order in failing to
attend the 9th Hearing fixed for 20 March 2013 for the same reasons set out in
[44] above.

50 I should also mention that I did not accept the Expert Affidavit (see [29]
above). Not only was it filed without the leave of court, it was also
irrelevant to the present committal proceedings. The issue before me in the
present committal proceedings was not whether the EJD Order should have been
made but rather, whether there had been a deliberate breach of the EJD Order.
On the evidence before this court, I found that Kurniawan had deliberately
breached Order 1 of the EJD Order.

Order 2 of the EJD Order

51 Order 2 of the EJD Order required Kurniawan to produce all books or
documents in his possession, custody or power relevant to the matters upon
examination. I accepted the submission of Mr Damodara that it was not possible
for Kurniawan to comply with this order since the latter was no longer the
President Commissioner and Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Defendant
with effect from 2 January 2012, which was about six months before the EJD
Order was granted. I thus held that Kurniawan had not deliberately breached
Order 2 of the EJD Order.

Order 3 of the EJD Order

52 Order 3 of the EJD Order required Kurniawan to respond to the Questionnaire
on the Defendant’s assets. I accepted Mr Damodara’s argument that Kurniawan
had effectively complied with this order when he stated in his first affidavit
dated 31 August 2012 that the Defendant was dormant, and had no assets. This
would have been sufficient to cover all of the substantive questions in the
Questionnaire. However, I noted that Kurniawan only responded to the
Questionnaire in his first affidavit filed on 31 August 2012 when, pursuant to
the terms of Order 3 of the EJD Order, he should have done so at least seven
days before the 1st EJD Hearing on 3 July 2012. No satisfactory reason was
provided for such a delay. I thus found that Kurniawan had also deliberately
breached Order 3 of the EJD Order.

Conclusion

53 I was satisfied [beyond all reasonable doubt] that Kurnaiwan had
deliberately breached Order 1 and Order 3 of the EJD Order. In particular, his
continued absence from all the EJD Hearings without any valid reason (save for
one occasion where he had obtained the court’s leave for an adjournment of the
4th EJD Hearing on 16 October 2012), displayed a conscious and deliberate
decision on his part not to comply with Order 1 of the EJD Order. The fact
that Kurniawan subsequently gave his response to the Questionnaire did not
exonerate him from having to comply with Order 1 of the EJD Order, as the
Plaintiff was entitled to have Kurniawan’s answers tested in court.
Accordingly, I found that Kurniawan was guilty of contempt of the Singapore
court. I now turn to the issue of sentencing.

Sentencing

54 When a contemnor has been found guilty of contempt of court, committal to
prison is usually a measure of last resort (see _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v Aurol
Anthony Sabastian_ [2013] 1 SLR 245 (“ _Sembcorp_ ”) at [47], _Lee Shieh-Peen
Clement and another v Ho Chin Nguang and others_ [2010] 4 SLR 801 at [45] and
_Monex Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v E-Clearing (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2012] 4
SLR 1169 at [40]). I agreed with Quentin Loh J’s views at [68] of _Sembcorp_
that the following factors are relevant in sentencing a contemnor:

(a) The attitude behind the contemptuous behaviour;

(b) The motive for committing the contemptuous act;

(c) Whether a fine would be an adequate specific and general deterrent;

(d) The reversibility of the breach;

(e) The standard of care expected of the individual;

(f) Nature of the contemptuous act;

(g) Whether the contemnor was remorseful; and

(h) Whether the contemnor procured others to commit the contemptuous act.

The above list is by no means exhaustive and there would invariably be some
degree of overlapping in all the factors.

55 Having considered all the relevant factors in the round, I was of the view
that an imprisonment term, as opposed to a fine, was appropriate in the
present case. Kurniawan’s persistent absence at the many EJD Hearings and the
lack of any justifiable excuse reflected that he had no regard for the EJD
Order. He was, for all intents and purposes, effectively thumbing his nose at
the Singapore court. His conduct had deprived the Plaintiff of its ability to
take substantive steps in enforcement proceedings to realise the fruits of the
Entire UK Judgment. It seemed to me that Kurniawan wanted to frustrate the
Plaintiff’s efforts for as long as possible and perhaps have the claim against
the Defendant defeated by literally wearing out the Plaintiff. Kurniawan’s own
views of the law, even if sincere, could not in themselves justify his
disobedience to an existing and enforceable court order. Since financial
advantage played little part in Kurniawan’s breaches, I was of the view that a
fine would not be a sufficient deterrent.

56 I also considered that Kurniawan was an educated businessman, was legally
represented at all material times, and was advised on the possible
consequences of his breaches. Furthermore, Kurniawan had breached the EJD
Order not once or twice, but _eight times._ That to me was an aggravating
factor.

57 It was also clear that Kurniawan had no intention of mitigating his
breaches. The Plaintiff through its counsel had indicated that it was
considering commencing committal proceedings against Kurniawan as early as the
5th EJD Hearing on 6 December 2012. Kurniawan also had at least three
opportunities to purge his contempt since the Plaintiff filed the Leave
Application on 18 January 2013 by attending any of the 7th, 8th or 9th EJD
Hearings. Yet, he chose to remain uncooperative even when faced with potential
committal liability. Indeed Kurniawan, through his counsel, evinced no remorse
and in fact denied having been in contempt of court. There was therefore
little by way of mitigation.

58 All in all, I was satisfied that a custodial sentence would be the only
effective means to ensure Kurniawan’s compliance with the EJD Order since he
had shown himself to be a recalcitrant party in continually breaching a
mandatory court order.

59 I was of the view that a short custodial sentence of seven days would be
sufficient to punish Kurniawan’s contemptuous acts, specifically and generally
to deter such behaviour and to preserve the authority of the Singapore court.
I therefore ordered that he be committed to prison for seven days and for a
Warrant of Arrest to be issued, although both the committal order and the
Warrant of Arrest were suspended pending the outcome of the Setting Aside and
the Stay Appeals. I also awarded the Plaintiff fixed costs for this
application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 May 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

