Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ng Bee Keong _v_ Ng Choon Huay and others  
[2013] SGHC 107

Case Number| :| Suit No 367 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 May 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Deborah Barker SC, Haresh Kamdar and Wong Xun Ai
(KhattarWong LLP) for the plaintiff; Edmund Kronenburg and Lye Hui Xian
(Braddell Brothers) and Lim Joo Toon (Joo Toon LLC) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Ng Bee Keong — Ng Choon Huay and others  
  
14 May 2013| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 The dispute in this case concerns two wills executed by one Ng Ching Khye
(“the testator”) on 1 April 2009 (“the First Will”) and 14 May 2009 (“the
Second Will”) respectively. The testator passed away on 31 May 2009 after a
long battle with cancer.

2 The First Will appointed the plaintiff as the sole executor and beneficiary
of the testator’s estate. (The plaintiff, Ng Bee Keong, is the nephew of the
testator. His late father, Ng Ching Leong, was the testator’s elder brother.)
The Second Will contained terms identical to those in the First Will save for
the addition of the following paragraph:

I DECLARE that I make no provision for my wife because soon after the
marriage, I have lived separate and apart from my wife.

3 As sole executor of the Second Will, the plaintiff filed Probate No 192 of
2009 (_ex parte_ originating summons for probate) of the Second Will on 15
July 2009.

4 It was, however, discovered that caveats against probate had been filed on 3
July 2009 by Ng Choon Huay (“the first defendant”), the elder sister of the
testator who is represented in the action by her son Tan Thiam Chye (“Tan”);
and Eng Cheng Hock (“ECH”), the testator’s younger brother.

5 Following ECH’s demise, his son Eng Tet Hwa (“the second Defendant”), filed
a caveat against probate of the testator’s estate on 18 February 2011 in his
capacity as administrator of his father’s estate.

6 The third defendant, Lim Kim Hong (“Ah Phee”) filed a caveat on 25 November
2010. She claimed to have entered into a Chinese customary marriage with the
testator some 50 years ago although they lived apart after the wedding
ceremony. She has since withdrawn from the suit following a settlement with
the plaintiff.

Factual background

The parties and their witnesses

7 The testator passed away on 31 May 2009. It was not disputed that in life he
treated himself at all times as single or divorced and did not have any
children. A retiree, he derived the majority of his income from renting out
his shophouse described below. At his death, the testator’s assets were as
follows:

(a) Apartment at Heritage View Condominium (6 Dover Rise, #05-02 Heritage
View, Singapore 138678).

(b) Shophouse at 269 Holland Avenue.

(c) Shares.

(d) Money in bank accounts.

(e) Insurance policies (worth approximately $202,000).

(f) Car (worth approximately $40,000).

8 Apart from himself, the plaintiff called nine witnesses of fact and one
expert witness. A table of the plaintiff’s witnesses is set out below for ease
of reference:

|  Name |  Background  
---|---|---  
1 |  Chan Soon Lian (“Rachel”) |  The plaintiff’s wife.  
2 |  Ng Bee Lye (“George”) |  The plaintiff’s brother and nephew of the testator.  
3 |  Yeh Jin Sien (“Mr Yeh”) |  The lawyer who prepared and witnessed the execution of the First and Second Wills.  
4 |  Teng Kee Tin (“Diana”) |  Secretary to Mr Yeh and a witness to the execution of the First and Second Wills.  
5 |  Teo Bee Piak (“Mdm Teo”) |  Hairdresser and close friend of the testator.  
6 |  Er Boon Leong @ Jason (“Nurse Jason”) |  A nurse to the testator.  
7 |  Dr Christopher Goh (“Dr Goh”) |  Doctor to the testator.  
8 |  Vilma Bravo Videz (“Ms Videz) |  Maid to the plaintiff’s family.  
9 |  Koh Choon Hong (“Mr Koh”) |  Bank officer from Maybank Singapore (“Maybank”).  
10 |  Dr Francis Ngui (“Dr Ngui”) |  Expert witness.  
  
  

9 On the defendants’ side there were the following witnesses as set out in the
table below for ease of reference:

|  Name |  Background  
---|---|---  
1 |  Tan Thiam Chye (“Tan”) |  Nephew of the testator and son of the first defendant. Litigation representative of the first defendant.  
2 |  Eng Tet Hwa (“the second defendant”) |  Nephew of the testator and son of the testator’s late brother Eng Cheng Hock.  
3 |  Peter Koh Teck Heng (“Peter”) |  Nephew of the testator and son of the testator’s late sister Ng Khoon.  
4 |  Ang Chai Seng (“Ang”) |  A long time friend of the testator.  
5 |  Kong Ah Lan (“Nurse Kong”) |  A nurse to the testator.  
6 |  Claudia Sumasni d/o Pakasekaran (“Nurse Claudia”) |  A nurse to the testator.  
7 |  Dr R Nagulendran (“Dr Nagulendran”) |  Expert witness.  
  
  

Chronology of Events

10 A brief chronology of events leading up to the signing of the First and
Second Wills (collectively referred to as “the Wills”), will now follow. It
should be noted from the outset that there was a dispute between the parties
as to some of the facts laid out in the following paragraphs.

18 March 2009 conversation

11 On 18 March 2009, the plaintiff accompanied the testator to Best Denki at
Vivocity to purchase a new television set. Later that same day, whilst
installing the television set, the plaintiff asked the testator about his
plans for the distribution of his assets upon his death. The testator
allegedly replied that he would leave his entire estate to the
plaintiff.[note: 1]

12 The plaintiff recounted that he expressed surprise and suggested that the
testator leave his estate to someone else. The testator replied in the Hokkien
dialect, with words to the effect, “if not to you, who else?”[note: 2] The
testator reportedly declined to accept the plaintiff’s suggestion that the
testator’s shophouse be returned to Ng Ching Leong Pte Ltd (on the basis that
since the shophouse had allegedly been given to the testator by the
plaintiff’s father Ng Ching Leong) and reiterated his intention to leave his
entire estate to the plaintiff.[note: 3]

13 The defendants contended that this conversation never took place.

25 March 2009 incident

14 The plaintiff alleged that on 25 March 2009, he informed Rachel about the
testator’s intention to make him the sole beneficiary of the estate.[note: 4]

15 Later that same morning, the plaintiff and Rachel visited the testator at
his home. The plaintiff and Rachel claimed that during the visit:

(a) Rachel sought and received the testator’s confirmation that he intended to
leave everything to the plaintiff.[note: 5] The testator also confirmed, in
response to a question from Rachel, that he did not want to leave anything to
the plaintiff’s eldest brother, Ng Bee Huat.[note: 6]

(b) When asked by Rachel if he wanted to make a will, the testator replied in
Hokkien, with words to the effect that he would make his will “in due
course”.[note: 7]

(c) The testator discussed briefly the rising value of his Holland Avenue
shophouse with the plaintiff and Rachel. The testator advised the plaintiff to
rent out the property as opposed to selling it or operating a business
thereon.[note: 8]

16 The plaintiff and Rachel further alleged that Peter went to the testator’s
house that same day to show the testator a rental cheque he had collected on
the testator’s behalf[note: 9] and was informed by the plaintiff that the
testator had decided to leave everything to the plaintiff.[note: 10] Peter
then asked the testator if this was true to which the testator replied in the
affirmative.[note: 11] Peter then knelt on one knee and asked the testator in
Hokkien, “ _You want to give everything to Ah Keong – one person only?_ ” to
which the testator replied again in the affirmative.[note: 12]

17 The defendants contended that these two alleged conversations never took
place.

26 March 2009 incident

18 Since the precise timing of the events on this day was disputed, the times
given are only estimates.

19 The testator was admitted to the Accident & Emergency Department of the
National University Hospital (“NUH”) after he fainted in the carpark of his
condominium.[note: 13] At or around noon, both the plaintiff and Peter, who
were at the hospital, were informed that the testator was in a “critical
condition”. It was undisputed that the plaintiff then told Peter that he was
leaving the hospital to arrange for a lawyer to prepare the testator’s
will.[note: 14]

20 The plaintiff telephoned the lawyer, Mr Yeh of J S Yeh & Co, for an
appointment before going to his office in the afternoon.[note: 15] The
plaintiff’s version of what transpired during the meeting with Mr Yeh was
disputed by the defendants.

21 Later that day, sometime in the late afternoon, the plaintiff and Mr Yeh
arrived at NUH. Eng Cheng Hock and his three sons (including the second
defendant) were there, while Peter had left NUH. When he was being introduced
by the plaintiff to the testator, Mr Yeh was confronted by the second
defendant in the testator’s hospital room. Mr Yeh subsequently left without
attending to the testator. The testator underwent his tracheotomy operation
the same evening.

22 The plaintiff alleged that on that same night, at or around 10pm to 11pm,
he telephoned Peter, the second defendant and Tan Fia Kee (the first
defendant’s late son) to suggest a plan to share the movables of the estate
equally between the four branches of the family so that the signing of the
will could go ahead.[note: 16] The plaintiff claimed that this plan was
rejected by them.[note: 17] The defendants disputed this version of events and
instead alleged that the agreement was to share the testator’s entire estate
equally between the four branches of the family, which they accepted.[note:
18] The defendants further claimed that it was Peter’s idea that the plaintiff
persuade the testator to execute a will to that effect.[note: 19] It is
undisputed by the parties that nothing came of either plan.

Signing of the First Will

23 On 31 March 2009, the testator was transferred to Singapore General
Hospital (“SGH”).

24 The plaintiff alleged that on 1 April 2009 he asked Mr Yeh to go to SGH at
the request of the testator who wanted to execute his will. The terms of the
First Will read as follows:

1.I NG CHING KHYE (holder of Nric No. [xxx]) of 6 Dover Rise #05-02,
Singapore, 138678 HEREBY REVOKE all my former Wills and Testamentary
dispositions made by me and DECLARE this to be my LAST WILL.

2.I hereby APPOINT my nephew, NG BEE KEONG (holder of Nric No. [xxx]) of 17
King’s Close, Singapore 268194 to be my sole Executor and Trustee of this my
[_sic_] Will (hereinafter referred to as “my Trustee”).

3.After payment of my just debts, funeral and testamentary expenses, I GIVE
BEQUEATH AND DEVISE all my movable and immovable properties wherever situated
and of whatsoever nature or kind (including any property which I may have a
general power of appointment or disposition by Will) to my nephew, the said NG
BEE KEONG absolutely.

The plaintiff tendered to the court a video recording of the proceedings at
the hospital taken by Rachel.

The joint accounts

25 On 9 April 2009, the testator was discharged from SGH and he moved back to
his apartment at Heritage View.

26 On 14 April 2009, at the testator’s request, the plaintiff arranged for
Maybank Singapore (“Maybank”) officers to attend to the testator at his home
in order to execute the necessary forms to make the plaintiff a joint account
holder of the testator’s various Maybank accounts.[note: 20] It was undisputed
that the testator executed these documents by affixing his thumbprint.

Events leading up to the signing of the Second Will

27 The testator was re-admitted to SGH from 15 to 20 April 2009[note: 21] and
underwent two sessions of chemotherapy on 30 April 2009 and 7 May 2009.[note:
22]

28 Rachel alleged that during the period leading up to the signing of the
Second Will, the testator indicated again to her that he was leaving nothing
to Peter or the second defendant’s branch of the family. She further claimed
that the testator had indicated to her that he had already given a sum of
$30,000 to Peter.[note: 23] Her version of events was challenged by the
defendants.

29 Sometime after the testator was discharged from SGH on 20 April 2009, the
plaintiff was informed by Peter that he had received a telephone call from a
lady called Ah Phee, the third defendant.[note: 24] Ah Phee was the same
person who had allegedly undergone a Chinese customary marriage with the
testator in the 1950s. Peter informed the plaintiff that Ah Phee had told him
that she wanted to visit the testator and had asked for his home address but
Peter refused to give her the testator’s address.[note: 25]

30 The plaintiff and Rachel informed the testator of this telephone call from
Ah Phee on their next visit to the testator. The testator reportedly expressed
anger and made a kicking gesture, which the plaintiff interpreted as meaning
that he wanted nothing to do with Ah Phee.[note: 26] The testator agreed to
the plaintiff’s suggestion that Mr Yeh’s advice be sought on this new
development.[note: 27]

31 Mr Yeh advised executing a second will which would expressly exclude Ah
Phee.[note: 28] The plaintiff alleged that the testator agreed to the
suggestion and expressed his preference to sign the fresh will at home. The
plaintiff thus made arrangements for Mr Yeh to attend on the testator at his
Heritage View apartment.[note: 29]

The Second Will

32 The Second Will was executed on 14 May 2009. It contained terms identical
to those in the First Will, save for the addition of the following paragraph:

I DECLARE that I make no provision for my wife because soon after the marriage
I have lived separate and apart from my wife.

The plaintiff tendered to this court a video recording of these proceedings
taken by Rachel.

Subsequent events

33 On 30 May 2009, the testator was re-admitted to Mount Elizabeth Hospital.
He passed away the next day.

The plaintiff’s case

34 The plaintiff submitted that at the time of the execution of the Wills the
testator had testamentary capacity and knew and approved of the contents of
the Wills. The plaintiff further submitted that the defendants had failed to
adduce evidence to show that the testator executed the Wills under undue
influence as alleged.

35 The pertinent points of the plaintiff’s case are as follows:

(a) A presumption of testamentary capacity arises as:

(i) on the medical and lay evidence, the testator did not suffer from any kind
of mental disability at the time the Wills were executed;

(ii) the contents of the Wills were rational in the circumstances; and

(iii) there was no evidence of suspicious circumstances surrounding the Wills.

(b) Even if the court finds that the presumption of testamentary capacity does
not arise or is rebutted, there was nonetheless sufficient evidence to
establish that the testator had testamentary capacity at the time of signing
of the Wills.

(c) The presumption of knowledge and approval has not been rebutted as the
defendants failed to show that there were any suspicious circumstances
surrounding the execution of the Wills.

(d) Even if the defendants succeed in rebutting the presumption of knowledge
and approval, the testator knew and approved of the contents of the First Will
as:

(i) he had, prior to the execution of the First Will, expressed his intention
to will his estate to the plaintiff;

(ii) on the evidence, the testator knew that the document he was signing on 1
April 2009 was a will and that it would take effect after his death; and

(iii) on the evidence, the testator knew that the plaintiff was to be the sole
beneficiary of his estate.

(e) Likewise, the testator knew and approved of the contents of the Second
Will as:

(i) the testator had agreed that the lawyer should go to his house for the
testator’s execution of the Second Will;

(ii) the testator knew that he was signing a will as the lawyer had, prior to
the signing of the Second Will, referred to the execution of the First Will
and also used the term “ _kuasa tao_ ” which means “administrator”; and

(iii) from the video evidence, it was clear that the testator knew that all
his assets would be given to the plaintiff upon his death and to no one else.

(f) The defendants failed to show that the testator had been coerced into
executing the Wills. In any case, the testator’s character and his
relationship with the plaintiff and Rachel made it highly unlikely that he
could be coerced into executing the Wills.

36 Thus, the plaintiff prayed that the Wills be upheld and probate be granted
to himself.

The defendants’ case

37 The defendants submitted that the plaintiff failed to prove that the
testator had the requisite testamentary capacity at the time of the execution
of the Wills. They further submitted that the testator did not know or approve
of the contents of the Wills.

38 The pertinent points of the defendants’ case are as follows:

(a) The circumstances in which the Wills were prepared and executed were
highly suspicious, such that there could be no presumption of testamentary
capacity and no presumption of knowledge and approval:

(i) It was not in the testator’s nature to make a will;

(ii) The circumstances leading up to and surrounding the drafting and
attempted execution of the will on 26 March 2009 were highly suspicious; and

(iii) The Wills were not translated into a language that the testator could
read and understand. Moreover, the term of the Wills that provided that the
sole beneficiary was also a trustee was bad in law.

(b) The plaintiff has not proven on the balance of probabilities that the
testator had testamentary capacity at the time of the execution of the Wills.

(c) The testator did not know or approve of the contents of the Wills, and may
well have been under the impression that in executing the Wills he was
executing a document giving authority to the plaintiff to handle his assets
for him and/or manage his affairs.

39 Thus, the defendants submitted that it would be wholly unsafe to uphold the
Wills and that probate should be denied.

The issues

40 The issues that arise for determination in the present case are as follows:

(a) Were there suspicious circumstances surrounding the Wills that prevent the
presumption of testamentary capacity and presumption of knowledge and approval
from arising?

(b) Did the testator possess the requisite testamentary capacity when he
executed the Wills?

(c) Did the testator know and approve of the contents of the Wills?

The legal framework

41 For a will to be found valid, the testator must (a) have testamentary
capacity; (b) have known and approved of the contents of the will; and (c) be
free from undue influence or the effects of fraud.

The law on testamentary capacity

42 The essential elements of testamentary capacity were laid down in the
leading common law authority, _Banks v Goodfellow_ (1870) LR 5 QB 549 (“
_Banks_ ”). The Court of Appeal in _Chee Mu Lin Muriel v Chee Ka Lin Caroline_
[2010] 4 SLR 373 (“ _Muriel Chee_ ”) at [37] endorsed the following
restatement of these essential elements in _George Abraham Vadakathu v Jacob
George_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 631 (“ _George Abraham_ ”):

(a)the testator understands the nature of the act and what its consequences
are;

(b)he knows the extent of his property of which he is disposing;

(c)he knows who his beneficiaries are and can appreciate their claims to his
property; and

(d)he is free from an abnormal state of mind (_eg_ , delusions) that might
distort feelings or judgments relevant to making the will.

43 It is ultimately for the court to decide on the evidence before it whether
the testator had testamentary capacity at the time he executed the will, see
_Muriel Chee_ at [42].

Burden of proof

44 It is settled law that the legal burden of proving that the testator
possessed testamentary capacity lies on the party propounding the will.
However, testamentary capacity is generally presumed where the will appears to
be rational on its face and is duly executed in ordinary circumstances by a
testator not known to be suffering from any kind of mental disability (see
_Muriel Chee_ at [40]). The party challenging the will may then rebut this
presumption by adducing evidence to the contrary.

45 In considering counsel for the defendants, Mr Kronenburg’s, submissions on
suspicious circumstances, I observe that the authorities show that the
suspicious circumstances raised to rebut a presumption of knowledge and
approval are distinct from those raised to rebut a presumption of testamentary
capacity. I place some reliance on the defendants’ own cited authority:
_Williams, Mortimer and Sunnucks on Executors, Administrators and Probate_ by
John Ross Martyn (Sweet & Maxwell, 2008) at para 13-20:

The burden of proof may shift from one party to another in the course of a
case. Where grave suspicion of incapacity arises in the case of those
propounding the will, they must dispel that suspicion by proving testamentary
capacity. Thus _where it is admitted by those propounding the will that the
deceased suffered from serious mental illness at a period before the will, or
where its terms are incoherent, irrational or strange, a presumption is raised
against it, though not a conclusive one_. [emphasis added]

46 It appears from this extract that the suspicious circumstances being
referred to where testamentary capacity is concerned are the circumstances
that give rise to a grave suspicion of incapacity. For instance, where the
testator suffers from mental disability or illness or where the terms of the
will are incoherent, irrational or strange.

47 To further buttress this point, in cases where other suspicious
circumstances were raised, such as the will having been prepared or procured
by the person who takes a substantial benefit under it, probate was refused on
the basis of lack of knowledge and approval, see generally _Buckenham v
Dickenson_ [2000] WTLR 1083, _Re Rowinska, Wyniczenko v Plucinska-Surowka_
[2006] WTLR 487 and _Muriel Chee_.

48 Both medical and non-medical (factual) evidence may be adduced to prove
mental capacity. However, the evidence of experts should not be held to
outweigh that of eye-witnesses who had opportunities for observation and
knowledge of the testatrix. As the Court of Appeal in _Muriel Chee_ noted at
[38]:

The Judge has helpfully restated the law that in applying the test in _Banks_
, the court must look at the totality of the evidence as a whole, comprising
of both factual (including evidence of friends and relatives who had the
opportunity to observe the testator) and medical components. The court should
generally accord equal importance and weight to both types of evidence, so
long as both the factual and medical witnesses had the opportunity to observe
the testator at the material time.

49 A lack of testamentary capacity _cannot_ be automatically inferred from the
fact the testator suffers from a mental illness or disability. However, if the
testator is shown to have suffered a serious mental illness that resulted in a
loss of capacity prior to the execution of the will, then the court _may_
presume that the illness continued and, accordingly, the testator’s lack of
testamentary capacity (see _Muriel Chee_ at [41]). Thus, the evidential burden
shifts back to the propounder to show that such illness or disability had not
affected the testator’s testamentary capacity at the time of the execution of
the will. As noted by the court in _George Abraham_ at [39], the more serious
the illness prior to the making of the will is, the higher the threshold of
proof required of testamentary capacity.

50 The presumption of testamentary capacity will _not_ arise where the terms
of the will are _prima facie_ irrational. In _George Abraham_ , the court
restated at [31] the proposition made by Cockburn CJ in _Banks_ that an
irrational will is one where natural affection and the claims of a near
relationship have been disregarded. Whether the testator disregarded natural
affection and claims of near relationship is a question of fact rather than of
biological ties. In _George Abraham_ , the court found on the facts at [67]
that it was rational for the testator to have excluded his brother whom he
detested from his will and instead name as beneficiaries his nieces and
nephews whom he was fond of.

51 If no presumption arises, the propounder of the will must prove the
requisite elements of testamentary capacity as enunciated above in _Banks_. I
will now look at these elements in more detail.

Elements 1 and 2 – The testator understands the nature of the act and its
consequences, and knows the extent of his property

52 The question that this court must ask is to what degree of detail must the
testator understand the nature of the act, its consequences, and the extent of
his property for the requirements to be satisfied?

53 Under the first element, it needs to be proven that the testator had
capacity to understand _certain important matters_ relating to the will, see
_Hoff v Atherton_ [2003] EWCA Civ 1554 at [33]. As elaborated by Cockburn CJ
in _Banks_ at 565, a testator must “be able to comprehend and appreciate the
claims to which he might give effect”. Hence, the “nature of the act and its
effects” that a testator must understand is that his intended beneficiaries
will have a claim on his estate upon his passing.

54 The second element of testamentary capacity concerns the testator’s
understanding of the extent of his property. Whilst the law is admittedly
_unsettled_ , it would appear to be generally accepted that there is no need
for the testator to know the exact details of his property. In _Robin Sharp
and Anor v Grace Collin Adam and Ors_ [2005] EWHC 1806 (“ _Sharp_ ”), the
English High Court endorsed at [213] the following proposition in _Susan Minns
v Venetia Jane Foster_ [2002] WL 31914915 (“ _Minns_ ”) at [115]:

It is … worth remembering that the question is not whether a person actually
knows the nature and extent of his estate, but whether he has the mental
capacity to be able to do so. No will is rendered invalid merely because a
testator with the requisite capacity is mistaken about, or fails properly to
ascertain, full details of his property. ...

It was further held in _Sharp_ that the degree of precision required depended
on the “testator’s particular circumstances and intentions”. Elaborating, the
court stated at [210]:

... For example, if the testator is very rich, and intends pecuniary legacies
of specific amounts with the residue being left to his only two children, and
nobody else has any ‘claim’, it may not matter that he has little idea of the
size of his estate or its component parts. All that he needs to know is that
it is large enough easily to satisfy the pecuniary legacies, leaving the bulk
of the estate to pass to his children. ...

55 In _Sharp_ , the testator bought a stud (a farm used to train horses). In
his will, he left a significant portion of his estate to those maintaining the
stud, and less to his daughters. The will was challenged. After discussing
testamentary capacity, the court went on to rule that the degree of precision
required of the testator was “some understanding of the assets and liabilities
of the estate, including the amount of the mortgage indebtedness and current
profitability of the stud” (at [210]).

Element 3 – The testator knows his beneficiaries and their claims to his
property

56 To meet the third element of testamentary capacity, the testator must
demonstrate sound memory, comprehension and understanding as well as decision-
making ability when choosing his beneficiaries. In _Boughton and Anor v Knight
and Ors_ (1873) LR 3P&D 64 (“ _Boughton_ ”), Sir James Hannen explained at 65
that the testator must have:

... a memory to recall the several persons who may be fitting objects of the
testator’s bounty, and an understanding to comprehend their relationship to
himself and their claim upon him. ...

57 _Charles Harwood v Maria Baker_ (1840) 3 Moo PC 282 (“ _Harwood_ ”)
concerned a will, executed by the testator on his deathbed, which excluded his
near relations in favour of his wife. In determining testamentary capacity,
the court opined (at [289]) that the testator must be:

... capable of recollecting who those relations were, of understanding their
respective claims upon his regard and bounty, and of deliberately forming an
intelligent purpose of excluding them from any share of his property.

The will was ultimately held to be invalid because, owing to illness, the
testator was unable to comprehend and weigh the claims of his relations.

58 In _Boughton_ , it was also opined at 66 that the testator “may disinherit
... his children, and leave his property to strangers to gratify his spite, or
to charities to gratify his pride” and still satisfy the test of testamentary
capacity. Thus, this element is essentially a safeguard against the possible
_unintentional_ omission, as opposed to a _deliberate_ exclusion, of
beneficiaries who would have otherwise benefitted but for the testator’s
failing memory and/or understanding.

59 In _Battan Singh and Ors v Amirchand and Ors_ [1948] AC 161 (“ _Battan
Singh_ ”), an appeal before the Privy Council, Lord Normand delivering the
decision of the court noted at 170 that:

... A testator may have a clear apprehension of the meaning of a draft will
submitted to him and may approve of it, and yet if he was at the time through
infirmity or disease so deficient in memory that he was oblivious of the
claims of his relations, and if that forgetfulness was an inducing cause of
choosing strangers to be his legatees, the will is invalid. ...

There, the testator had assented to terms in the will denying the existence of
his nephews with whom he shared a relationship of affection and in whose
favour he had made a will as recently as two months prior to the contested
will. The Privy Council noted that if the testator had testamentary capacity,
he must have known that this statement in the contested will was untrue. It
thus held that the testator was without sound mind or memory at the time of
execution and the contested will was, accordingly, invalid.

60 However, the court must be careful not to treat deficiencies of memory as
being necessarily equivalent to incapacity. As the Court of Appeal in _Muriel
Chee_ ([42] _supra_) noted at [39], although a testator’s mental power may be
reduced by physical infirmity or the decay of advancing age to below the
ordinary standard, he might nevertheless retain testamentary capacity.

Element 4 – The testator is free from an abnormal state of mind/delusions

61 The defendants did not appear to argue that the testator was suffering from
an abnormal state of mind or delusions at the relevant time. Hence, I will
deal with this point briefly.

62 The fourth element relates to the testator’s ability to exercise rational
judgment. A testator suffers from a delusion where he holds a belief on any
subject which no rational person could hold and which cannot be permanently
eradicated from his mind by reasoning with him (_Dew v Clark_ (1826) 3 Add
79). However, the mere existence of a delusion in the mind of a testator would
not suffice to deprive him of testamentary capacity. As Cockburn J noted in
_Banks_ ([42] _supra_) at 565, a testator is deprived of testamentary capacity
only where his mind is so dominated by the insane delusion that he is unable
to exercise judgment in disposing of his property reasonably and properly, or
of taking a rational view of the matters to be considered in making a will.

63 Moreover, the delusion must be such as to influence the testator in making
the disposition as he did, see _George Abraham_ ([42] _supra_) at [31]. In
_Banks_ , the testator suffered from two delusions neither of which was
connected with the disposition of his property. As such, the court accepted
the findings of the jury that irrespective of these delusions the testator had
testamentary capacity when the will was executed.

Knowledge and approval of the contents of the will

64 In addition to testamentary capacity, proof of _actual knowledge and
approval_ of the testator as regards the contents of the will is required. The
court must be satisfied on the balance of probabilities that the nature and
contents of the will do truly represent the testator’s intention; _per_
Chadwick LJ in _Fuller v Strum_ [2002] 1 WLR 1097 (“ _Fuller”_) at [70] citing
_Barry v Butlin_ (1838) 2 Moo PC 480 (“ _Barry_ ”).

65 The applicable principles may be summarised as follows (see generally _R
Mahendran v R Arumuganathan_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 166 (“ _Mahendran_ ”) at [15];
_Muriel Chee_ at [46]–[49]):

(a) The burden lies on the propounder of the will to show that the testator
knew and approved of the will and its contents.

(b) A rebuttable presumption arises that the testator knew and approved of the
contents of the will where testamentary capacity has been established and
there is proof of due execution.

(c) This presumption, however, would not arise where there are circumstances
that arouse the suspicion of the court as to whether the testator knew and
approved of the will and its contents. The propounder of the will must then
produce affirmative evidence of the testator’s knowledge and approval.

(d) What affirmative evidence is required in each case will depend upon the
circumstances of the case. The greater the degree of suspicion, the stronger
the affirmative proof must be to remove it.

66 The suspicious circumstances considered are circumstances “attending, or at
least relevant to, the preparation and execution of the will itself”, see _W
Scott Fulton and Ors v Charles Batty Andrew and Anor_ (1874–1875) LR 7 HL 448
at 471 as cited in _Muriel Chee_ at [46]. Although the circumstances to be
considered would generally comprise contemporaneous events, they might also
include events subsequent to the execution of the will where they have a
direct bearing on the question whether the testator knew and approved of its
contents at the time of execution, see _In the Estate of Lavinia Musgrove_
[1927] 1 P 264 at 286. For example, in _Muriel Chee_ the Court of Appeal also
considered the conduct of the plaintiff in connection with the respective
readings of the wills in dispute (at [46]).

67 An example of suspicious circumstances is where the will was prepared by a
person who takes a substantial benefit under it, or who has procured its
execution, such as by suggesting the terms to the testator or instructing a
solicitor to draft the will which is then executed by the testator alone. The
rule has been expressed as follows in _Barry_ at [482]–[483]:

... if a party writes or prepares a Will, under which he takes a benefit, that
is a circumstance that ought generally to excite the suspicion of the Court,
and calls upon it to be vigilant and jealous in examining the evidence in
support of the instrument, in favour of which it ought not to pronounce unless
the suspicion is removed, and it is judicially satisfied that the paper
propounded does express the true will of the deceased.

Whether the burden of adducing affirmative evidence of the testator’s
knowledge and approval of the contents of the will shifts to the propounder of
the will is largely dependent on the factual matrix of the case itself, see
_Muriel Chee_ at [47].

68 Affirmative evidence of the testator’s knowledge and approval will
typically include evidence that the will was read over by, or to, the testator
when he executed it and that the testator heard and understood what was read.
In _Mahendran_ , the Court of Appeal held at [26] that in the absence of
compelling evidence to the contrary, evidence that a will was read and
explained to a testatrix with the requisite mental capacity gave rise to a
“natural and proper inference” that the testatrix understood and approved of
the contents of the will prior to signing it.

69 Nonetheless, as emphasised by Richards J in _Morley Lionel Bowman Franks v
Jonathan Sinclair and Ors_ [2006] EWHC 3365 (Ch) at [64], the terms in which
the will is drafted are of central importance when considering the effect of
reading the will over to the testator. In that case, he was not convinced that
a mere reading over of the will to the testator would have sufficed to give
the testator an understanding of the complex provisions in the will. In
_Muriel Chee_ , the Court of Appeal likewise held at [58] that reading a will
line by line to the testator was “not conclusive evidence” that the testator
understood the will, particularly since the testator was suffering from some
degree of mental infirmity.

70 Another form of affirmative evidence is evidence that the testator gave
instructions for the drafting of the will and it was drafted in accordance
with those instructions. In _Cattermole v Prisk_ [2006] 1 FLR 693, Norris QC
found at [76] that despite the suspicious circumstances surrounding the
_execution_ of the will, the testator knew and approved of the will because
she alone had given instructions for it without the aid of notes and had
spoken about the terms to her banker.

71 Ultimately, in satisfying itself that the testator knew and approved of the
contents of the will, the court will be wise to bear in mind the dictum in _Ip
Wai Hung v Yip Man Chiu_ [2007] HKCU 2108 at [74]:

… Relevant or “suspicious” circumstances are pointers. They are not the end in
themselves. For the court’s ultimate task is to see whether the court’s
“suspicion” can be removed, i.e. the suspicion that the testator did not
really know or approve of the contents of the will. Its task is _not_ to see
to it that each and every “suspicious” circumstance surrounding the making of
the will is satisfactorily explained …

Undue influence and the knowledge and approval requirement

72 I note that it is not the defendants’ case that the Wills should be
invalidated for undue influence of the sort that overpowers the freedom of
action of the testator. Rather, Mr Kronenburg submitted that a lesser form of
influence falling below that of coercion may be taken into account by the
court to find that actual knowledge and approval has not been established.

73 I am of the opinion that this submission is incorrect in law. First, it is
trite law that undue influence may not be presumed, see _Rajaratnam Kumar v
Estate of Rajaratnam Saravana Muthu (deceased) and another suit_ [2010] 4 SLR
93 (“ _Rajaratnam Kumar_ ”) at [65]_._ The burden of proving that the will was
executed under undue influence is on the party who alleges it. Hence, bringing
undue influence into the knowledge and approval stage would in fact undermine
the requirement that actual undue influence be proved by the challenger in
order to invalidate a will.

74 Second and more critically, as pointed out by Ms Deborah Barker SC, counsel
for the plaintiff, the authorities have drawn a distinction between wills and
gifts _inter vivos_. Some influence, albeit not to the level of coercion
overpowering the volition of the testator, is permissible. I place some
reliance on the decision of Viscount Haldane in _Craig v Lamoureux_ [1920] AC
349 at 356–357 which was cited in _Biggins v Biggins_ [2000] All ER(D) 92:

_... But even in such an instance a will, which merely regulates succession
after death, is very different from a gift inter vivos, which strips the donor
of his property during his lifetime_. And the Courts have in consequence never
given to the principle to which the learned judges refer the sweeping
application which they have made of it in the present case. _There is no
reason why a husband or a parent, on whose part is natural that he should do
so, may not put his claims before a wife or a child and ask for their
recognition, provided the person making the will knows what is being done. The
persuasion must of course stop short of coercion, and the testamentary
disposition must be made with comprehension of what is being done_. [emphasis
added]

75 A case of undue influence is only made out where there is evidence of
pressure that has overpowered the freedom of action of the testator without
having convinced the will of the testator. Evidence of persuasion alone would
not suffice to make out a case of undue influence, as noted by our High Court
in _Rajaratnam Kumar_ at [66].

76 Ultimately, what needs to be established under the knowledge and approval
requirement is that the testator knew and approved of the contents of the will
at the time of execution, and not that he was completely uninfluenced from the
time he first conceived the idea of making a will until he executed the will.

The duties of the solicitor

77 Some arguments on the duties of Mr Yeh were canvassed before me during the
course of the trial. I think it incumbent on me therefore to briefly set out
the law.

78 The central duty of the solicitor who undertakes the task of preparing the
will and/or witnessing its execution is to ensure that the terms of the will
reflect the wishes of the testator. There is little doubt that an inquiry into
a testator’s capacity to understand the contents of the will as well as actual
knowledge and approval of aforementioned contents through the asking of
appropriate questions would form part of a solicitor’s responsibility, see
generally _Muriel Chee_ from [60]–[61].

79 However, whether or not the solicitor had asked the appropriate questions
or asked them in an appropriate manner would only go towards _evidence_ for or
against the testator’s testamentary capacity or knowledge and approval.
Ultimately, it is for the court to satisfy itself whether the Wills should be
upheld.

80 Having set out the legal framework governing the validity of wills, I will
now turn to consider the evidence before me.

My decision

Reliance on video evidence

81 Unusually, this court had the benefit of video recordings of the execution
of the Wills (“the First Video”, the “Second Video” and collectively “the
Videos”). I thus had the opportunity to observe the recorded part of the
proceedings with my own eyes and to form my own views. Nevertheless, I am
mindful that the video recordings are not determinative of the issues at hand.
Indeed, I have exercised caution in assessing the weight to be given to these
recordings and would emphasise that the recordings must be looked at together
with the other available evidence adduced before the court before a proper
conclusion on testamentary capacity or knowledge and approval can be reached.

82 One preliminary issue that arose was whether the court could place any
reliance on the testator’s responses to Mr Yeh’s questions in the Videos when
determining if he had the requisite testamentary capacity to make a will or if
he knew and approved of the contents of the will.

83 Both the plaintiff’s and defendants’ respective expert witnesses were
questioned during their respective cross-examinations. The plaintiff’s expert
witness, Dr Francis Ngui, described himself as a psycho-geriatrician (a
psychiatrist who specialises in patients aged 65 and above) with many years of
experience in that field. The defendant’s expert witness, Dr R Nagulendran, is
a consultant psychiatrist with many years in practice.

84 Neither expert witness had the opportunity to observe and interact with the
testator whilst he was still alive. I am mindful that their ability to assist
the court is thus limited to material before them, including the testator’s
medical records, information about the testator provided by family members,
and their own observations from the recordings of the execution of the Wills.
As the proceedings captured on video were mainly conducted in Hokkien, Dr
Ngui’s understanding of the language no doubt put him at a slight advantage
over Dr Nagulendran who had to rely on translations and subtitles.

The effect of close-ended questions

85 Both experts were asked to comment on the appropriateness and effect of
asking the testator close-ended, leading questions in order to determine if he
possessed the requisite testamentary capacity or to elicit his testamentary
intention, as Mr Yeh did in the Videos. As mentioned above at [79] and I
emphasise here, this is a matter regarding the reliability of evidence.

86 Both experts agreed that open-ended questions were preferable to close-
ended questions. However, their views soon diverged from this starting point.

87 Dr Ngui stated in cross-examination that close-ended leading questions
could still elicit reliable answers so long as the individual is given time
and opportunity to explain himself:

Q:It is for the same reason that close-ended or leading questions are not used
because they do not allow the patient to express himself and, therefore, these
three cognitive domains of competency cannot be assessed. Do you agree with
that?

A:Er, well, you can ask close-ended questions but the person can still be
allowed to elaborate on his answers even though the questions have been close-
ended but they are not ideal because from, er, a third party observ---
observer, they may say that, “Hey, is this a lead--- a leading question that’s
try---that’s trying to influence him?” But if he has a free rein, after that
close-ended question is asked, he---he can still continue elaborating on his
answer. So it should---it can still be a “yes/no” answer but he can still
elaborate just like in Court, same thing, mm.

Q:So in other words, you can use closed-ended or leading questions but you
must give the patient the chance to explain his answer. Am I right?

A:Yah, yup, he has to be given a—a---a chance or time to explain
himself.[note: 30]

He further opined that the testator’s condition, _ie_ , his speech difficulty,
rendered it more practical and convenient for close-ended questions to be
asked.

88 Dr Nagulendran, however, took the view that answers to leading questions
were necessarily unreliable and that leading questions should never be used to
assess testamentary capacity or elicit the testator’s testamentary intention:

Q:… And the testator nods. Does that nodding of the testator have any impact
so far as you’re concerned?

A:As---as far as I’m concerned, this is the wrong way of asking a question,
ah, because the whole purpose of exercise is for the testator on his own to
come out, er, in some way or other to indicate these are his assets, ah. But
instead of that, the lawyer puts all these things in and just put a leading
question, “Yes or No”. As I told you, that’s---that’s the problem with leading
questions. Yes---“Yes or No” mean either you nod or you---you shake your head,
ah. But it doesn’t give a chance for the testator on his own to consider
carefully what these assets are.[note: 31]

89 I am more persuaded by Dr Ngui’s evidence on this point. It is stretching
it somewhat to suggest that close-ended questions will always elicit
unreliable answers especially when the person responding is given sufficient
time to explain or elaborate on his answers. I note that this was in fact the
case here. For instance, in the Second Video, the testator not only spread his
hands apart affirmatively responding to Mr Yeh’s question if he lived
separately from Ah Phee but also elaborated on his answer by making further
gestures and mouthing barely audible words. I also accept Dr Ngui’s opinion
that given the testator’s condition in the Videos, Mr Yeh’s method of
questioning was a practical compromise which would not unduly affect the
reliability of the testator’s answers.

The presence of the plaintiff and Rachel in the room

90 The Videos were filmed by Rachel. In the First Video, the plaintiff could
be seen standing at the foot of the bed. Also captured in this video was his
nodding when Mr Yeh referred to him whilst speaking to the testator. In the
Second Video, the plaintiff could first be seen changing his position to sit
next to the testator and later adjusting the testator’s hearing aid whilst the
contents of the Second Will were being explained by the lawyer. Both the
plaintiff and Rachel also made interjections at points to interpret the
testator’s gestures or barely audible words.

91 The expert witnesses were asked about the possible effect of the plaintiff
and Rachel’s presence in the room on the testator during the execution of the
Wills.

92 I think it pertinent here to emphasise my findings above that influence of
the lesser kind being argued by the defendants is not an aspect of the
knowledge and approval requirement (see generally [72]–[76]). The defendants
did not argue that the plaintiff and Rachel’s presence evidenced actual undue
influence which overpowered the testator’s free will. Undue influence in this
context would be relevant if it led to doubts whether the testator’s answers
were freely given.

93 Dr Ngui testified under cross-examination that the combined effect of the
close-ended questions being put forth to the testator and the presence of the
beneficiary in the same room could possibly result in the testator being
influenced, although this was also dependent on the relationship between the
beneficiary and the testator. When further questioned about the possibility of
influence where the relationship was a close and trusting one, Dr Ngui stated:

I---I---I believe that because it’s a closed-ended---questions put forth
close-ended and, er, because the beneficiary is present with him in a close---
close, trusting relationship, there is a possibility that his, er, wishes
would---are being influenced by the beneficiary; it’s possible. Er, so what---
what I’m saying is the possibility of being influenced. But when you say
“Reliable” meaning is it accurately---_when you say “Reliable”, I understand
that whether it accurately depicts what he wants to do with his assets, I
would say it’s still very reliable. He---he---what he wants to do is his own
volition, yah_.[note: 32] [emphasis added]

94 Dr Nagulendran differed from Dr Ngui, stating that the presence of the
plaintiff and Rachel as well as their interjections during the signing of the
Second Will would have _inevitably_ affected the mind of the testator,
although its actual effect would vary depending on the relationship between
the testator and that member of the family. In other words, there was no
circumstance in which the testator would not have been affected by the
presence of a family member in the same room.

95 I am not persuaded by Dr Nagulendran’s evidence that the effect on the mind
of the testator was _inevitable_. “Possible influence”, as averred to by Dr
Ngui, appears to be a more realistic consequence, the degree of this influence
being dependent on factors such as the relationship between the parties.

96 It is unfortunate that both the plaintiff and Rachel were present in the
room. I accept the plaintiff’s evidence that they were there not for selfish
reasons but because they had not been advised to leave[note: 33] as
corroborated by Mr Yeh and Diana.[note: 34] Moreover, I think it is unlikely
that their presence in the room influenced the mind of the testator. The
testator was described by the second defendant in cross-examination:

A:He is a stubborn person, he is temperamental, he used to scold us since we
were young, so we---we knew him well. He is just like an emperor. In Holland
Road, he was known as a---an emperor or king.

Q:So as a stubborn person, this means that he cannot easily be convinced to do
anything that he does not want to do?

A:It should be that.[note: 35]

Witnesses on both sides corroborated his evidence that the testator was a
stubborn and strong-willed man.[note: 36]

97 Despite their close relationship, the testator was clearly far from being
easily influenced, much less intimidated by the plaintiff. Several incidents
in the Nursing Notes demonstrate this. For instance, in an entry on 11 May
2009 at 1315 hours, just three days before the signing of the Second Will, the
plaintiff, Rachel and Peter all tried, but failed, to convince the testator to
consult a doctor.[note: 37] Further, the Second Video also captured the
testator’s annoyed brushing aside the plaintiff’s hand when the plaintiff
sought to adjust his hearing aid. To my mind, the testator was hardly a man in
thrall of the plaintiff.

98 I thus find that the presence of the plaintiff and Rachel in the room was
unlikely to have affected the voluntary nature of the testator’s answers.

Testamentary capacity

99 In accordance with the legal principles set out above from [44] to [51],
the burden is on the plaintiff, as the propounder of the Will, to prove that
the testator met the four requisite elements of testamentary capacity.
However, testamentary capacity may be presumed if the will is rational on its
face and duly executed in ordinary circumstances by a testator not suffering
from any mental illness or disability.

Did a presumption of testamentary capacity arise?

100 The plaintiff adduced substantial medical and lay evidence to show that
the testator did not suffer any mental disability during the material time
when he executed the Wills, and more generally during his lifetime. Dr Goh who
attended to the testator from 31 March to 9 April 2009 gave evidence under
cross-examination that the testator was “conscious, very alert and able to
communicate effectively”[note: 38] during this period. The testator was also
deemed mentally capable to give his consent to a medical procedure on 6 April
2009.[note: 39] Dr Goh’s evidence is corroborated and supported by the
observations of other doctors who attended to the testator at various times
from March to May 2009 in several medical reports adduced as documentary
evidence before this court.

101 Evidence from three private nurses who attended to the testator was also
heard before this court. The defendants’ witness, Nurse Kong stated in her
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that the testator “tended to be
forgetful”[note: 40] and further stated, under cross-examination, that the
testator was unable to make rational decisions about his own safety:

A:… Most time, I---I---I try my best to understand him, er, what he wanted,
but sometime it’s for his own good I tell him not to do certain things, but he
just wouldn’t listen or he’s not rational enough to---to know that this is
something not for his safety.[note: 41] …

102 Her evidence however was contradicted by that of the defendants’ other
witness, Nurse Claudia:

Q:So during the time that you took care of him, he was conscious and alert at
all times?

A:Yes.

Q:And he--- able to make decisions?

A:Yes.

…

Q:You--- he was not mentally impaired right?

A:Yes.

…

Q:Is there anything wrong with him mentally as---

A:No.

Q:\---far as you know?

A:No.

Q:He appeared to be okay.

A:He appeared to be normal and okay.[note: 42]

Nurse Claudia further recalled, under cross-examination, an incident when the
testator had tried to call Peter on his handphone. When asked why, the
testator endeavoured to explain by communicating to her, albeit using gestures
or in a very hoarse voice, that he was hungry.[note: 43]

103 Nurse Claudia’s evidence is corroborated by the plaintiff’s witness, Nurse
Jason. In his AEIC, which was unchallenged in cross-examination, he stated
that the testator was conscious of his surroundings and condition, and did not
appear to suffer from any memory loss. He stated that the testator would
remember the date and time of his medical appointments and would insist on
dressing up in his preferred clothes for these appointments. The testator
could also remember if he had previously been in the same clinic.[note: 44]

104 All three nurses who testified in court agreed that the testator continued
to monitor his stocks on the teletext at home even after being discharged from
the hospital.[note: 45] Nurse Claudia even recalled, under cross-examination,
that the testator spoke to her about stocks and shares and recommended that
she purchase Sembcorp shares.[note: 46]

105 Nursing Notes, maintained by various nurses from April 2009 to the
testator’s death at the end of May 2009, were also adduced in evidence.
Extracts from the Nursing Notes indicated that the testator could understand
what he was being told and could communicate with his caregivers. For example,
an entry at 0140 hours on 20 April 2009 showed the testator bargaining with
his nurse over ice cubes that were given to him on the condition that he
cooperated by allowing the nurse to suck the phlegm out of his airways.[note:
47] The Nursing Notes also indicated that the testator remained capable of
performing daily tasks like making his own coffee and shaving.[note: 48]
Although there was an odd entry about the testator being confused as to which
block of apartments he lived in,[note: 49] I am satisfied that the general
tenor of the Nursing Notes was that the testator retained his mental
faculties.

106 Thus, I find that the testator’s refusal to cooperate with Nurse Kong was
not a consequence of any mental incapacity or disability on his part but was
consistent with his stubborn and strong-willed character which had been
observed and commented on by the plaintiff, defendants and their respective
witnesses.

107 The non-medical evidence, likewise, paints a picture of a man who was ill
and weak but nevertheless in full command of his faculties. Peter, who like
the plaintiff spent quite some time with the testator during the relevant
period, testified under cross-examination that the testator continued to
avidly monitor the performance of his stocks and shares at home following his
discharge.[note: 50] It was also Peter’s evidence that the testator was
furious upon hearing that Ah Phee had contacted Peter,[note: 51] which
suggested to me that the testator’s memory of the past and his ability to
express himself remained intact.

108 I am persuaded by the preponderance of medical and lay evidence before me
and find that the testator did not suffer from any mental disability or
infirmity at the time he executed the Wills.

109 The plaintiff further submitted that the terms of the Wills were rational
in light of the relationship between the testator and the plaintiff and his
immediate family, the relationship between the testator and his other
relatives, and the testator’s aspirations for his estate.

110 The plaintiff’s close relationship with the testator was undisputed and
corroborated on the stand by the second defendant and Peter.[note: 52] Mdm Teo
also stated under cross-examination that the testator trusted the plaintiff
and considered him an honest and responsible person who would not fritter away
his wealth.[note: 53] The fact that the testator agreed to make the plaintiff
a joint account holder of his Maybank accounts can be seen as further evidence
of the trust and regard the testator had for the plaintiff.

111 It was also submitted by the plaintiff that the testator was close to the
plaintiff’s immediate family, in particular the plaintiff’s son. A video of
the testator happily communicating with the plaintiff’s son through video
phone was shown to this court. I note further Ms Videz and George’s
unchallenged evidence in their respective AEICs that the testator considered
the plaintiff’s immediate family his own.[note: 54] I find therefore that it
was not irrational for the testator to want to benefit the plaintiff in his
will.

112 The question, then, is whether it was rational for the testator to do so
to the exclusion of all other relatives. The defendants submitted that it was
inconceivable that the testator would leave his estate to a sole beneficiary
and ignore his more needy relatives. It was undisputed that the testator had
in the past extended financial help to various relatives, including the
plaintiff. It was also undisputed that the plaintiff’s father had made
provision for the testator and another brother.

113 The evidence showed that ECH and his nuclear family received financial aid
from the testator. In cross-examination, the second defendant testified that
whenever his mother was in need she would call the testator herself or
instruct him to ask the testator for money on her behalf. He explained in
cross-examination:

... So from young until I grow up, when we didn’t have money, we would give
him a call. If I wanted something and I didn’t have money to buy, I would give
him a call. ... [note: 55]

That suggested that the testator might have felt obliged to assist ECH’s
family when they were in financial difficulties and sought his help. However,
I find it difficult to believe Peter’s evidence that the testator rendered
financial help to his family “readily and selflessly”.[note: 56] Instead, I
prefer the plaintiff’s evidence that the testator “resented the demands for
money and would grumble and complain”.[note: 57] His evidence was corroborated
by George who testified, under cross-examination, that the testator would
“make a lot of noise” after giving[note: 58] and the second defendant’s own
evidence that the testator was “disgusted” and “fed up” with him and that he
would be scolded by the testator over the phone before being asked to go over
to collect the money.[note: 59]

114 I note further that the testator extended no financial aid to ECH’s branch
of the family for the period from 2004 onwards until the testator passed away.
The second defendant explained, under cross-examination, that his family had
not asked for money from the testator as they were receiving $8,000 a month
from George in exchange for vacating the florist shop they had at 241 Holland
Avenue #01-02.[note: 60] It would appear therefore that the testator would not
volunteer any financial assistance but would grudgingly assist if requested to
do so.

115 There is no evidence that the testator ever voluntarily provided the first
defendant and her family with financial assistance during his lifetime. Unlike
ECH’s family, the first defendant and her family did not appear to be in any
dire need. Although the first defendant suffered from cancer, she appeared to
have been ably cared for by Tan. Even if I accept Tan’s evidence that the
testator had offered without hesitation a $100,000 loan to help tide him over
his temporary cashflow problems (which Tan eventually did not accept), I think
it pertinent that the offer only came _after_ Peter brought this up to the
testator.[note: 61]

116 In cross-examination, Peter stated that the testator was like a “sibling”
to him in light of their slight age difference and their having grown up
together.[note: 62] It was not disputed that Peter did provide services to the
testator from 2001 until the testator’s death. Despite this, it was Peter’s
own evidence, when cross-examined, that he did not expect to be remunerated
for his services in the testator’s lifetime or thereafter, and could only
“hope” that the testator would leave him something.[note: 63] Peter claimed
that he was in fact never so remunerated. The testator thus appeared to have
accepted the services provided by Peter without feeling any obligation to
remunerate or compensate Peter, apart from an occasion where he made a gift of
$30,000 to Peter as a down-payment on a car for Peter’s son.[note: 64]

117 The express exclusion of the testator’s estranged “wife”, Ah Phee, also
did not appear irrational. Both the plaintiff and Peter gave evidence that the
testator had left Ah Phee the day after the Chinese customary matrimonial
rites and had lived alone for most of his adult life.[note: 65] Documentary
evidence in the form of Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore returns was also
adduced to demonstrate that the testator considered himself single. It is
further undisputed that the testator was agitated and upset when he heard that
Ah Phee had called Peter in an endeavour to look for him. I also had the
opportunity to observe from the video recording the testator’s agitation upon
Mr Yeh’s mention of Ah Phee in connection with the execution of the Second
Will. It is thus unsurprising that she was excluded from the Second Will.

118 Ms Barker argued that it was rational that the testator would leave his
entire estate to a sole beneficiary, as to divide his estate amongst his
various relatives would have meant that the shophouse at 269 Holland Avenue
would have to be sold. Both the plaintiff and Rachel gave evidence that the
testator had expressed to them during their conversation on 25 March 2009 that
the plaintiff should not sell the property but instead collect rent from
it.[note: 66] The defendants’ objections to the version of events advanced by
the plaintiff are noted and will be dealt with below. That aside, there was
also Peter’s evidence in cross-examination that throughout the time he helped
the testator collect rent for the shophouse, the testator never discussed
selling the shophouse.[note: 67]

119 In conclusion, I find that on the balance of probabilities it is unlikely
that the testator felt any moral obligation to make provision for his other
relatives. Even if his decision to exclude his other relatives might appear
uncaring, it certainly could not be said to be irrational. Further, I find
that his choice of the plaintiff as the sole beneficiary of his will appears
rational in light of his close relationship with the plaintiff and his
confidence that the plaintiff would not squander his estate. This case can
thus be distinguished from cases like _Battan Singh_ ([44] _supra_) and
_Muriel Chee_ ([44] _supra_)_._ In the former case, much loved nephews who had
been provided for in a previous will were completely ignored and a complete
stranger was named the beneficiary. In the latter case, the testatrix
inexplicably revoked a former will that benefited her favourite daughter.

120 Since the will is rational on its face and was duly executed in ordinary
circumstances by a testator not known to be suffering from any kind of mental
disability, I find that the presumption of testamentary capacity arises. As
such the burden of rebutting this presumption falls on the defendants who
would need to adduce evidence that the _Banks_ criteria ([42] _supra_) were
not met by the testator.

The Banks criteria

121 The applicable principles having been set out above from [52] to [63], I
will now turn to the evidence.

Understanding the nature of the act and its consequences

122 It is noted that this first criterion would be met for the Second Will if
the court finds that it was met during the execution of the First Will. This
is because Mr Yeh, the lawyer, proceeded with the Second Will on the basis
that the testator understood that he was making an amendment to his First
Will.

123 The defendants submitted that there was no reliable evidence that the
testator understood the nature of the act of making a will and its
consequences, _ie_ , that the testator understood that the plaintiff would
inherit his estate upon his death. The defendants argued that the testator was
not a highly educated man. Moreover, they asserted that Mr Yeh’s explanation
to the testator as seen in the First Video was woefully inadequate and there
was no explicit explanation to the testator that the will would only take
effect after his death. In fact, Mr Yeh made no explicit mention of death at
all. Ang testified in court that having viewed the Videos, he was of the
opinion that the deceased appeared confused and possibly did not understand Mr
Yeh’s explanation.[note: 68]

124 In rebuttal, the plaintiff argued that although the testator was not
highly educated, he was financially astute enough to keep detailed accounts of
his income and expenses as evidenced by his various account books and would
have, in all likelihood, understood what a will was and its consequences.
Moreover, it was also Ang’s evidence under cross-examination that the testator
had, in conversation with friends, discussed other people’s wills on more than
one occasion.[note: 69] Ms Barker thus submitted that the testator would have
likely understood from those discussions the fact that a will only took effect
after death. Mr Yeh further confirmed in cross-examination that it was his
usual practice not to refer to death explicitly and instead use euphemisms and
other phrases that alluded to death.[note: 70] During cross-examination, Mr
Yeh stated that he said, “ _jay eh ui-tsiok, eh pai hor ler ka cho_ ” and
explained that the words “ _eh pai_ ” meant “next time” and served to connote
death.[note: 71]

125 I am not persuaded that one needs to be highly educated to understand the
nature and consequence of making a will. The average person is as likely to
understand the nature of a will and its consequence; more so the testator who
was financially astute. Moreover, I find that he was likely to have obtained
an understanding of the nature of a will and its consequence from his
discussions with friends (see [181] below).

126 Therefore, I find that the defendants have not succeeded in showing that
the testator did not understand the nature of the act of executing a will and
its consequences.

The testator knew the extent of his property

127 As previously mentioned above at [54], the degree of precision of
knowledge as to the extent of his property required of the testator depends on
the testator’s _particular circumstances and intentions_. I note that the
testator’s estate was not a complex one and his intention was to leave
everything to a sole beneficiary. As such, in my view, it would suffice to
meet this element of _Banks_ if the testator had a general idea of the assets
he owned as listed above at [7].

128 The First Video showed Mr Yeh informing the testator that, “all your
assets including house, shop, bank accounts will be given to Bee Keong” to
which the testator responded with a nod.

129 The defendants relied on the opinion of Dr Nagulendran that this was a
leading question and the answer to it was unreliable for an assessment of
testamentary capacity. Moreover, they noted that the list was not even
complete. The defendants thus submitted that there can be no reliable finding
that the testator knew the extent of the property of which he was disposing. I
have already dealt with the issue of leading questions at [89] above and I
emphasise once more that the fact that the question about the testator’s
assets was asked by way of a leading question is not determinative.

130 The plaintiff sought to rebut the defendants’ claim and submitted that in
addition to Mr Yeh’s question, as captured in the First Video, other available
evidence supported his assertion that the testator knew the nature and extent
of his property:

(a) Mdm Teo’s evidence in her AEIC that the testator had told her that he
bought his apartment at Heritage View Condominium was not challenged.[note:
72] Nor was it disputed that he lived there till his death. The plaintiff
submitted that it was therefore unlikely that he would have forgotten that he
owned this apartment when he executed the Wills.

(b) Peter testified that he collected the rental cheques for the Holland
Village shophouse on behalf of the testator and had informed the testator that
he had done so on 25 March 2009.[note: 73] This was a short time before the
First Will was executed and followed a routine which had begun several years
earlier. It is thus unlikely that the testator would have forgotten about the
shophouse by the time he executed the First Will.

(c) There was an abundance of mutually corroborated evidence that the testator
continued to monitor his shares on the teletext at home, despite his illness,
till the end of his life. Thus, he was likely to be familiar with his share
portfolio.

(d) It was not disputed that the testator had asked to and executed forms to
have the plaintiff become a joint account holder with him for his various
Maybank accounts on 14 April 2009. He thus knew that he had the bank accounts.
The testator also regularly received and retained bank statements sent to him
from Maybank to his Heritage View apartment and would have known what he had
in the bank accounts.[note: 74]

131 In my view the defendants have failed to adduce sufficient evidence to
show on the balance of probabilities that the testator did not know the extent
of his property. I am persuaded by the evidence supporting the plaintiff’s
submission that the testator knew the extent of his assets at the time he
executed the Wills.

The testator knew his beneficiaries and their claims to his property

132 The defendants submitted that there was no reliable evidence that the
testator knew who his potential beneficiaries were and their claims to his
property. They noted that in the Videos Mr Yeh did not verify or ascertain if
the testator could recall his other relatives. Mr Yeh himself admitted in
cross-examination that he was content with simply finding out from the
testator if it was true that the plaintiff should be the sole
beneficiary.[note: 75] Dr Nagulendran testified that as the testator did not
indicate verbally or otherwise the names of close relatives, he was unlikely
to have assessed their claims to his property.[note: 76] Significantly, Dr
Ngui conceded under cross-examination that in light of the aforementioned lack
of verification on the part of Mr Yeh, it is possible that this element of the
_Banks_ test was not fulfilled:

Q:For the first will he didn’t mention anything about his wife. So based on
what you are saying, for the first will, that element was not satisfied.
Right?

A:Er, yes, if it was brought up later on that he had a wife, yah.

Q:So if we--- just forget about the second will for the moment and just focus
on the first will, the third element of the Cockburn test vis-à-vis the first
will where he says nothing about the wife, that is not satisfied. Because the
only thing---

A:Yah.

Q:\---you are using to satisfy the element is his recollection of the wife.

A:That’s right.

Q:So you would say at least for the first will, on the basis of what I’ve just
told you, there was no testamentary capacity?

A:He failed---er, er, there was no---er, he would not pass the third---er, the
third criteria.[note: 77]

133 However, with regard to the Second Will, it was clear from the testator’s
furious reaction and the agitated explanation that followed that he remembered
who Ah Phee was. Dr Ngui opined that if the testator could recall Ah Phee whom
he had left 50 years ago and who was largely absent from his life, the
testator’s memory must have been intact and he was therefore likely to be
cognisant of other persons who might have had a claim to his estate:

It, er--- it’s an inference because the wife seems like a distant relative or
rather an absent relative or next of kin. So if he can recall someone who’s
far away, it would infer that he’s able to know people who are closer to him.
So in that sense, I feel that he knew who are the potential benefi---
beneficiaries of his estate.[note: 78]

134 Dr Nagulendran opined that although there was no strict rule against
inferences, this was not the usual practice and certainly not his practice:

There’s no---there are no rule of principle that---that says that you can’t do
that or you---or you can do that, ah. But my practice---I think most of my
colleagues’ practice is that we don’t make inferences when we do an assessment
of testamentary capacity. We usually---we usually examine the, et, evidence
given to us upon which to base our opinion, and based on that information and
we make an, er, an opinion, er, as to the testamentary capacity. Er, I don’t
think I have seen any report of myself having ever done that, to use the word
“inference”, ah.[note: 79]

135 I find it difficult to accept Dr Nagulendran’s opinion on inferences. The
assessment of testamentary capacity in our case is post-mortem which does not
afford the psychiatrist the benefit of first hand interaction with the
testator. Therefore, it would appear that the next best thing a psychiatrist
could do was to consider all available evidence, make the necessary inferences
and arrive at a considered conclusion as to the testator’s testamentary
capacity at that time. It is not clear how else Dr Nagulendran could form an
opinion. In fact, despite his evidence against relying on inferences, it is
plain that his conclusions at paras 1 to 4 of his supplementary report were
wholly based on inferences.

136 I thus accept Dr Ngui’s evidence which is supported by psychiatric
authorities,[note: 80] that a psychiatrist can consider all available evidence
and arrive at a conclusion as to the testator’s testamentary capacity at the
relevant time. The question though is whether Dr Ngui’s inference is a logical
one. I am of the view that it is, in the absence of evidence to support Mr
Kronenburg’s suggestion that the testator suffered from short-term memory loss
or impairment.[note: 81]

137 In addition to the testator’s memory of Ah Phee, no evidence was adduced
before this court to suggest that the testator had forgotten any of his other
close relatives at the time he executed the Wills. On the contrary, the
evidence before me suggested that the testator remembered and was frequently
reminded of his other relatives and thus potential beneficiaries.

138 It was undisputed that ECH and his family were frequent visitors when the
testator was warded at NUH from 26 to 31 March 2009. It was the second
defendant’s own evidence that he visited the testator on and off after 27
March 2009.[note: 82] It is likely that the testator would therefore have been
reminded of them throughout that period. Tan confirmed in both his AEIC and
before the court that his family had visited the testator at NUH and SGH on at
least five separate occasions from 26 March 2009 to 9 April 2009.[note: 83] He
further stated in his AEIC that on one occasion his mother had touched the
testator’s face and hands before the testator shed tears and waved goodbye to
her.[note: 84] It is thus clear that the testator knew who the first defendant
was and it was unlikely that he would have forgotten her or her family when
executing either the First or the Second Will.

139 It was undisputed that Peter frequently visited or phoned the testator
during the course of the latter’s illness. In fact, Peter recounted in some
detail how the testator phoned him persistently the day before the execution
of the Second Will on 14 May 2009.[note: 85] It is highly unlikely therefore
that the testator would have forgotten, and indeed there was no indication
that he had forgotten, Peter’s existence.

140 I thus conclude that the defendants have failed to adduce evidence to show
that the testator did not know his beneficiaries and their claims to his
properties after his death.

My conclusions on the testator’s testamentary capacity

141 I find that Dr Ngui’s expert opinion that the testator satisfied the
_Banks_ criteria[note: 86] is to be preferred to Dr Nagulendran’s expert
opinion that the testator did not. Dr Nagulendran’s evidence was less than
persuasive on several points which I have recounted above. More significantly,
I note that in his first medical report dated 12 March 2012, Dr Nagulendran
had averred that he could not make any determination as to the testator’s
testamentary capacity. He conceded this in cross-examination:

Q:Now, at the time of the first report, you were asked to comment on
testamentary capacity. That was the whole purpose of the first report.

A:Yes, that’s right, yah. But I didn’t---I didn’t comment on that because I---
I---I couldn’t have any evidence to indicate either way, er, whether he had or
didn’t have ah.[note: 87]

142 Surprisingly, however, Dr Nagulendran changed his views in his
supplementary report and opined instead that the testator did not satisfy the
criteria for testamentary capacity despite, as he admitted, having received no
new medical or other information. His explanation for this change was
unsatisfactory.

143 In contrast, Dr Ngui came across as a credible and impartial expert
witness. He was forthright and honest in his answers during cross-examination
and also made considered concessions. This is not to say that there were no
flaws in Dr Ngui’s preparation of his expert report. As he acknowledged under
cross-examination, he had failed to interview other relatives of the testator
apart from the plaintiff’s branch of the family to test the information he
received about the testator’s family background and medical history.
Nevertheless, I find that these omissions were not fatal as his expert opinion
was corroborated by other evidence before this court as set out above.

144 In conclusion, I find that the defendants have failed to rebut the
presumption of testamentary capacity.

Suspicious circumstances

145 As set out above at [65], a presumption that the testator knew and
approved of the contents of the will would arise when it is proven that the
testator had testamentary capacity at the relevant time. This presumption,
however, can be rebutted if the parties challenging the will (the defendants)
adduce evidence of suspicious circumstances. The defendants have sought to
adduce evidence to suggest that highly suspicious circumstances surrounded
various aspects of the signing of the Wills.

Not in the testator’s nature to make a will

146 The defendants submitted that it was not in the testator’s nature to make
a will. Peter testified, in cross-examination, that he did not expect the
testator to make a will[note: 88]. Ang testified in cross-examination that not
only was the testator content to die intestate, but he was also content to let
his relatives “fight it out”.[note: 89]

147 Leaving aside the evidence of the plaintiff and Rachel about their
conversations with the testator on 18and 25 March 2009 for the moment, I am
not entirely persuaded by the evidence given by Peter and Ang. Peter had,
under cross-examination, admitted that he had never asked the testator about
his plans for his estate[note: 90] as he felt that this was a sensitive topic
and was worried that the testator would get the wrong impression that he was
after the testator’s assets.[note: 91] It became further evident during cross-
examination that he formed this impression partly as a result of what Ang told
him:

Q:Now at para 23 of your affidavit, you say: [Reads] “I was under the
impression … Deceased did not want to make a will.” How did you form that
impression?

A:His, er, close friend Mr Ang Chai Seng once told me---after his can---he
suffered cancer, that, er, this topic of, et, will was brought up among
friends, and, er---to Ching Khye, and Ching Khye brushed the subject away. So
he told me Ching Khye did not want---and then myself, because of, er, my long
association and observation and, er, [his] being a Chinese, er, traditional
man, doesn’t like to talk about death. So I believed that he did not want to
make a will.[note: 92]

148 It is thus difficult to see how Peter could have given an accurate picture
of the testator’s testamentary intentions. As for Ang’s evidence at [146]
above, I note Mr Kronenburg’s explanation that this particular incident was
eventually omitted from Ang’s AEIC as the witness vacillated on this point on
numerous occasions.[note: 93] I am thus not inclined to place reliance upon
his account.

The events of 18 and 25 March 2009

149 As mentioned above at [67], it is a suspicious circumstance when a will is
prepared by a solicitor on instructions given by a person who takes a
substantial benefit under it. This would appear to be the case here since it
was not disputed that Mr Yeh took instructions from the plaintiff when he
drafted the First Will on 26 March 2009. The plaintiff’s case, however, was
that he acted as a mere mouthpiece for the testator and it was the testator’s
express intention to make a will leaving everything to him.

150 In cross-examination, the plaintiff and Rachel recounted their version of
the events of 18 and 25 March 2009 as stated above from [11] to [17]. Ms
Barker submitted that their version of events was credible as their testimony
under cross-examination largely corresponded with the evidence they gave in
their AEICs. Moreover, she submitted that the reliability of their accounts
was buttressed by the inclusion of information that was not necessarily
advantageous or made no difference to their case. The defendants suggested
that the alleged conversations were fictitious.

151 It is not clear what prompted the plaintiff to ask the testator how he
wanted to get his will done. Whilst the plaintiff’s explanation was that he
did so as the testator was in poor health,[note: 94] the testator had been in
poor health for a long time and the plaintiff had not previously asked this
question. Further, I find it puzzling that the plaintiff waited a whole week
before informing Rachel of the testator’s declaration of his intention to
leave everything to him. The plaintiff’s explanation for this delay, made
through Ms Barker in oral submissions, was that he was mulling over the
conversation and did not want to raise his wife’s hopes unnecessarily since
his uncle had not yet asked him to get a lawyer. This, however, fails to
explain why he finally decided to inform her on 25March 2009. His hesitation
stood in stark contrast to the alacrity with which he went to instruct Mr Yeh
to draft the testator’s will on 26 March 2009.

152 In cross-examination, Peter denied that the plaintiff informed him on 25
March 2009 that the testator intended to leave everything to the plaintiff and
also denied confirming the truth of the plaintiff’s statement with the
testator.[note: 95] Peter’s evidence was that he found out about the plans for
a will from the plaintiff only on 26 March 2009 and he immediately informed
the other branches of the family. It was undisputed that ECH’s branch of the
family did go down to the hospital that same day.

153 I note Ms Barker’s submission that the reason why Peter did not confirm
with the testator at any time after 25 March 2009, if it really was his
intention to will everything to the plaintiff, was that he had already done so
on that day as alleged by the plaintiff and Rachel. I also note Peter’s
equanimity despite Rachel’s evidence that he had gone down on one knee before
the testator when he asked the testator whether it was true that he intended
to leave everything to the plaintiff. One would have expected him to be
gravely offended and to deny the allegations more emphatically, if not
vehemently. To be fair, however, his mild response to the allegation might
also be said to be in line with his general demeanour on the stand.

154 There is therefore some doubt whether the conversations on 18 and 25 March
2009 took place the way they were described. However, even if the plaintiff
and Rachel’s accounts of the 18and 25 March 2009 conversations are to be
believed, it is clear from their own evidence that the testator never told the
plaintiff to instruct a lawyer to draft his will. The plaintiff conceded as
much when cross-examined:

Q:On the 25th, did your late uncle tell you, “Bee Keong, get me a lawyer so
that I can make a will?” Did he tell you that?

A:He did not say that.

Q:Prior to the 25th of March, had he ever said anything like that to you?

A:No.[note: 96]

At the most, the testator indicated on 25 March 2009 to Rachel that he would
make his will _later_.[note: 97] As such, I am unable to accept the
plaintiff’s averment that he was acting as a mere mouthpiece for the testator
when he first instructed Mr Yeh. On the contrary, it appears that he contacted
Mr Yeh to draft the testator’s will on his own initiative.

155 Be that as it may, when Mr Yeh attended on the testator on two other
occasions, it appeared that the testator expected him. There would have been
ample opportunity to seek the testator’s consent. The plaintiff in fact
testified that he obtained the testator’s consent and approval to contact Mr
Yeh for the signing of both the First Will on 1 April 2009[note: 98] and the
Second Will on 14 May 2009[note: 99].

The instructions given to Mr Yeh

156 The defendants also submitted that the circumstances surrounding the
meeting between the plaintiff and Mr Yeh, where Mr Yeh took his instructions,
were highly suspicious. No attendance note of the meeting was tendered to the
court and, even if it had been, Mr Yeh himself stated in cross-examination
that the note he took only contained the particulars of the plaintiff and the
testator and no instructions.[note: 100] This appeared out of line with his
firm’s standard practice as vouched for by his own secretary under cross-
examination.[note: 101] I note, however, Mr Yeh’s explanation that he did not
write down the instructions as they were “quite short, not too long”.[note:
102]

157 More significantly, the evidence given by Mr Yeh and the plaintiff as to
what transpired during the meeting was contradictory in many instances. When
questioned by Mr Kronenburg, the plaintiff first stated that Mr Yeh did not
ask him who the other members of the testator’s family were.[note: 103] A
short while later, he said that he could not remember if he had been asked
about any other relatives.[note: 104] Mr Yeh, however, claimed otherwise under
cross-examination:

Q: |  Did Mr Ng Bee Keong say why Mr Ng Ching Khye, testator, was not giving anything to his younger brother?  
---|---  
A: |  Yes, yes. Because, er, the deceased’s younger brother, according to what Mr Ng Bee Keong told me, was a drug addict, gambler and always come to the deceased for money.  
Court: |  When did he say that?  
Witness: |  On the 26th itself. Because I’m thinking, “Why should he be the sole beneficiary?” Therefore, I feel that I have a duty to see those who may be interested to claim under the Intestacy Succession Act.[note: 105]  
  
  

Mr Yeh went into some detail about what the plaintiff told him concerning the
various members of the testator’s extended family during the meeting.[note:
106]

158 At this juncture, I pause to note that the plaintiff’s testimony on his
instructions to Mr Yeh left much to be desired, to say the least. His answers
were evasive and there was constant backpedalling on his part. One example of
his prevarication was when he was questioned by Mr Kronenburg about his
instructions to Mr Yeh as to the testator’s marital status:

Q:Right. At that point in time on the 26th of March 2009, you clearly told Mr
JS Yeh that your uncle was single. Was that the truth?

A:Yes.

…

Q:Why couldn’t you tell this---the truth that the deceased was married to Mr
JS Yeh on the 26th of March 2009?

A:Well, I told him that he had gone through the Chinese customary marriage.

Q:Oh, you told Mr Yeh that now? On the 26th of March 2009, you told Mr Yeh
that?

A:Sorry, I really can’t recall, Your Honour.[note: 107]

159 As can be seen, the plaintiff gave three different answers within minutes.
Eventually, I issued a warning to the witness against giving misleading
testimony to the court. His prevarication and claims that he could not
remember were all the stranger in light of the considerable clarity with which
he could recall contemporaneous events (like the conversations on 18 and 25
March 2009) under cross-examination and in his affidavit.

The contents of the Wills

160 Turning to the Wills themselves, the defendants submitted that the fact
the Wills were not translated into Chinese for the testator’s benefit even
though there was time to do so between 26 March and 1 April 2009 was a
suspicious circumstance. I am, however, not convinced by the defendant’s
submission on this point. Other than the fact that the testator sometimes read
the Chinese newspapers, no other evidence was adduced that he would have been
able to read the Wills if they were in Chinese. Critically, the defendants
themselves submitted that he was a man with very little education. Moreover,
the Videos and testimony of witnesses indicated that the testator mostly spoke
and understood Hokkien. Thus, I place little weight on this omission.

161 The defendants also submitted that the fact that the Wills named the
plaintiff as “sole executor and trustee” and sole beneficiary was another
suspicious circumstance. Mr Kronenburg argued that the use of the term
“trustee” rendered the will bad in law and cited as authority _Low Ah Cheow v
Ng Hock Guan_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1079 (“ _Low Ah Cheow_ ”) from [21] to [32]
where the Court of Appeal held that the way in which the will was drafted to
appoint the respondent the sole trustee and beneficiary of the estate gave
rise to several legal difficulties and rendered the intention of the testator
ambiguous.

162 Ms Barker submitted that in this context, the words “and trustee” were
mere surplusage that did not add anything to the Wills or detract from their
validity. She cited _Soh Eng Beng (as executor and trustee of the Estate of
Soh Kim Poo, deceased) v Soh Eng Koon_ [2010] SGHC 257 where Belinda Ang J
applied at [14] the canon of construction “ _falsa demonstratio non nocet cum
de corpore constat_ ” to the interpretation of a will, albeit in a different
context. The principle provides that a false description does not vitiate when
there is no doubt as to the subject matter. Ms Barker submitted that as there
was no doubt as to the testator’s intention, the inclusion of the words “and
trustee” had no adverse effect on the validity of the Wills.

163 I do not propose, at this point of the analysis, to comment on the
plaintiff’s submission that there was no doubt as to the testator’s intention.
However, I note that the present case can be distinguished from _Low Ah
Cheow_. There, the will required all non-cash parts of the property to be
converted into cash, with all leftover proceeds (after payment of debts,
funeral and testamentary expenses) held “ON TRUST” by the sole trustee and
“distributed” to himself as the sole beneficiary. Further, a term in that will
protected the sole trustee from any loss occasioned by postponement in
converting the assets in the estate into cash. There were also striking
differences between the contents of the solicitor’s attendance note and the
will. There was much to suggest that the testator did intend to create a
trust.

164 Unlike _Low Ah Cheow_ , the reference to “trustee” in our present case is
_in vacuo_ , as it were, with no reference to duties assigned. Indeed, the
paragraph which immediately follows states:

After payment of my just debts, funeral and testamentary expenses, **I GIVE,
BEQUEATH AND DEVISE** all my movable and immovable properties wherever
situated and of whatsoever nature or kind (including any property over which I
may have a general power of appointment or disposition by Will) to my nephew,
the said Ng Bee Keong **absolutely**. [emphasis added in bold]

The language of this subsequent paragraph clearly shows an intention to give
beneficially.

165 Moreover, unlike _Low Ah Cheow_ , the relevant admissible extrinsic
evidence here would not support the imposition of a trust on the plaintiff in
the Wills. As observed above at [109]–[119], the testator did not have any
children but was closest to the plaintiff’s family and felt no moral
obligation to make provision for his other relatives. This was in stark
contrast to the familial situation in _Low Ah Cheow_ , where there was
evidence that the testator felt a sense of responsibility towards his wife and
his other children and had been providing for them up till his death. Further,
in _Low Ah Cheow_ , the court placed some emphasis on the testator’s own use
of the word “ _wei tok_ ” which means “entrust” as opposed to “ _wei cheok_ ”
which means “will”. As will be demonstrated below, this does not arise in our
present case. In fact, the word used by Mr Yeh and which the testator affirmed
was “ _hor_ ” which means “to give”.

166 For the reasons above, I accept Ms Barker’s submission that the term
“trustee” was mere surplusage. I further note Mr Yeh’s evidence that it was
his usual practice to use the words “executor” and “trustee” in preparing
wills even where there was a sole beneficiary, as it was his understanding
that an executor’s duty would encompasses the responsibilities of a
trustee.[note: 108] It is in fact trite law that an executor would stand in
the position of a trustee in relation to the residuary estate (see _Syed Ali
Redha Alsagoff v Syed Salim Alhadad bin Syed Ahmad Alhadad_ [1996] 2 SLR(R)
470). It is likely, therefore, that the use of the word “trustee” was an
innocent mistake arising from a misconception on Mr Yeh’s part.

My findings

167 Overall, I find that the defendants have adduced sufficient evidence of
circumstances that should arouse the suspicion of the court as to whether the
testator knew and approved of the Wills and its contents. As such, the
evidential burden shifts back to the propounder of the Wills, the plaintiff,
to adduce affirmative evidence that the testator knew and approved of the
contents of the Wills.

Proof of knowledge and approval

168 As stated above from [64] to [71], the propounder of the will must produce
affirmative evidence of the testator’s knowledge and approval, and what
affirmative evidence is required in each case will depend upon the
circumstances of the case. The greater the degree of suspicion, the stronger
the affirmative evidence must be to remove it.

169 Essentially, the two issues to be determined are whether the testator:

(a) knew that he was signing a will; and

(b) knew and approved of the plaintiff being the sole beneficiary of his
estate.

170 The defendants’ alternative case theory, the power of attorney theory, was
that the testator was under the impression that in executing the Wills, he was
executing something to authorise the plaintiff to handle his assets for him
and/or manage his affairs while he was still alive. As such, he did not know
that he was signing a testamentary document and could not have approved of the
contents of the Wills.

The background circumstances

171 The defendants argued that the testator’s intention always had been to let
the plaintiff handle the testator’s affairs on his behalf during the
testator’s lifetime. For instance, the plaintiff testified that the testator
made him a joint account holder/signatory of the testator’s Maybank accounts
in order to facilitate the plaintiff assisting the testator with his financial
affairs, _ie_ , payment for medical expenses and nursing care.[note: 109] In
response, the plaintiff submitted that the events of 18 and 25 March 2009 made
it clear that the testator always intended to leave his entire estate to the
plaintiff upon his death. I have already indicated my doubts on those events
above from [149] to [154] and will not repeat them here.

172 The plaintiff further relied on the evidence of Mdm Teo that the express
intention of the testator was to leave all his property to the
plaintiff.[note: 110] When questioned by Mr Kronenburg, Mdm Teo related:

Q:Well, if the two of you were joking about who he would leave his property
to, what suddenly gave you the impression he was not joking in telling you
that he would leave all his property to Ah Keong?

A:Because we were talking about him having so much money and who he would
leave the money to. And then I asked him who he would leave the---the money to
and he said he would leave them to Ah Keong.

…

Q:I have to ask you, how do you know he wasn’t joking?

A:He was---he was always telling the truth whenever he told me anything and he
---he didn’t joke about it.

Q:So the two of you never exchanged jokes between yourselves?

A:No, we would sometimes joke but he was serious about this.[note: 111]

At this juncture, I think it incumbent upon me to comment on Mdm Teo’s
credibility as a witness. It was not disputed that the testator saw Mdm Teo
frequently to get his hair washed and that he told her about his relatives and
daily life, conversations which she recounted easily in court. Moreover, her
evidence about the testator’s relationship with his relatives was corroborated
by the evidence of other witnesses. I thus find no reason to disbelieve her
evidence in this regard.

173 Unfortunately, as I noted at trial, Mdm Teo’s evidence under cross-
examination about what the testator said to her concerning his testamentary
intentions was extremely muddled and she even “clammed up” at points during
the cross-examination. Her account of what she told the plaintiff and Rachel,
whilst in their car on 15 May 2009, was particularly confusing. Otherwise,
this account would have been significant as it would provide contemporaneous
evidence of the testator’s intentions regarding his estate as communicated to
her at that time.

174 I do not accept Mr Kronenburg’s submission that it was inherently
implausible that the testator would be so frank with his hairdresser about his
testamentary intentions in light of his steadfast avoidance of the subject
with his friends. It was not disputed that the testator divulged details of
his personal life to Mdm Teo including his purchase of his Heritage View
apartment and his illness. It is thus plausible that the topic of his estate
might have arisen at some point during their acquaintance. Further, I stress
that I did not find that Mdm Teo was being deliberately untruthful or evasive
during cross-examination. I accept that her difficulty recalling details was
at least partly due to the long time that had elapsed between those events.
Nonetheless, in light of her confused testimony, I am inclined to place less
weight on her evidence that the testator intended to leave everything to the
plaintiff.

175 The defendants relied on Mdm Teo’s evidence in cross-examination that the
testator had explained “all these would have to be given to Ah Keong for “
_safekeeping_ ”[note: 112] to advance their power of attorney theory. I am
inclined to agree with Ms Barker’s submission that Mdm Teo’s evidence about “
_safekeeping_ ” was taken out of context by the defendants. It appears to me
that the testator only mentioned “ _safekeeping_ ” in response to the question
as to whom he wanted to leave his assets to upon his death. Significantly,
when asked by Mr Kronenburg whether the testator mentioned for whom the
plaintiff was supposed to “ _safekeep_ ” the properties, Mdm Teo replied, “Ng
Bee Keong, Ah Keong? I don’t know what you mean”. When questioned again she
said “He didn’t say who it was for”.[note: 113] To my mind, it is implausible
that the testator would fail to mention the beneficiaries for whom the
plaintiff was supposed to “ _safekeep_ ” the properties if he was indeed
contemplating a power of attorney or trust instrument. I thus find that “
_safekeep_ ” should best be understood in the context of Mdm Teo’s evidence
that the testator trusted the plaintiff to be thrifty and not fritter away the
testator’s estate (see above at [110]).

176 Even if the plaintiff and Rachel’s accounts of the events of 18 and 25
March 2009 and Mdm Teo’s evidence do not persuade me, I could still find
knowledge and approval based principally on the evidence provided in the
Videos. This is because the authorities provide that affirmative evidence of
the testator’s knowledge and approval could include evidence that the will was
read over by, or to, the testator when he executed it and that the testator
heard and understood what was read. Even though it would have been better if
Mr Yeh had taken instructions from the testator himself before preparing the
Wills, it would suffice if Mr Yeh confirmed that the testator knew and
approved of the contents of the Wills prior to execution.[note: 114]

177 As can be seen from the Videos, the testator was afforded time to mouth
words or gesticulate in agreement or disagreement and which he in fact did.
For instance, when asked by Mr Yeh whether Ah Phee bore any children, the
testator waved his hand to indicate that she did not.[note: 115] At another
point in the Second Video, the testator even rapped the table to express his
disagreement when he felt that he was being misunderstood.[note: 116]

178 I now turn to the Videos.

The Videos

179 The defendants’ arguments pertaining to the First Will substantially
overlap with their arguments (dealt with above from [122] to [126]) about
whether the testator understood the nature and consequences of the act of
making a will. The defendants further argued that the proper term for “will”
in Hokkien is “ _wee tsiok_ ” and not “ _kuasa_ ” which could also mean a
transfer _inter vivos_. As such, they submitted that the testator might not
have understood that he was signing a will.

180 It was undisputed that the First Video began rather abruptly with the word
“ _kuasa_ ”. Mr Yeh explained in cross-examination that the full sentence (in
Hokkein) containing the word was, “My name is Yap Jin Sien. I’m your lawyer. I
come here to make a _kuasa_ for you.”[note: 117] His secretary (Diana) who was
also present at the signing corroborated his evidence.[note: 118]

181 On the meaning of “ _kuasa_ ”, Mr Yeh explained that within the Hokkien
community “ _kuasa_ ” is commonly used to mean “will”.[note: 119] His evidence
was confirmed by the court interpreter. [note: 120] More significantly, Ang
confirmed under cross-examination that the testator’s friends used the word “
_kuasa_ ” in his presence on more than one occasion when referring to
“wills”.[note: 121]

182 I am persuaded by the evidence above that the testator would have
understood the word “ _kuasa_ ” uttered by Mr Yeh in the First Video to mean
“will”. I find the testator therefore knew that he was executing a will on 1
April 2009.

183 Mr Yeh explained the contents of the First Will to the testator in
Hokkien, “ ... _hor Bee Keong. Long chong hor yee, boh hor pak lang liao. See
ah mm see?_ ” Translated to English this meant, “give to Bee Keong. Whole
thing give to him, not giving other people lah. Correct or not?”[note: 122]
The testator responded with a nod. Mr Yeh went on to say:

… ler bian kia yee lang duay ler ching wu hao sim lah. Ler chiam lok ker, eh
pai yee lang ka eh hiao, ka eh sai chor dai chee. Mai hor jay kor lai ga chit
eh hit dao go geow chit eh, un nee kuan lah … hor …

When questioned by Mr Kronenburg and the court about the meaning of this
second statement, Mr Yeh replied:

A: |  I say “After---after you have executed the will, then you can be rest assured that no one will come and challenge your property.” “Geow che” or “kar che” it means, er, “They come here to---to dig your property or buy your property and you don’t have to worry that the plaintiff and his wife will not be filial to you”.  
---|---  
… |   
Witness: |  … I assure him that “Although you have executed the will, you can still do whatever they like and the plaintiff and the---  
Court: |  “You can still [do] whatever ...”?  
Witness: |  “Whatever you”---whatever he likes.  
... |   
Court: |  Whatever who likes?  
Witness: |  The deceased.  
… |   
Q: |  You said there was no need to---to worry that people will come after or claim his assets. What’s your basis for saying all of that?  
A: |  That means if he---if his will, the deceased’s will is both legal and valid, you know, people will want to come and claim his assets. If he’s, er, if the will after its ex---execution, the will after its execution will become legal and valid and no other people whose names are not in the will, will come and grab or dig his assets.[note: 123]  
  
  

184 Bearing in mind that to a layperson, the legal concept of separation of
ownership into legal title and beneficial ownership is likely to be foreign, I
find that the word “give” would have been understood by the testator as
meaning to give beneficially. Hence, I accept Ms Barker’s submission that the
earlier statement that everything was to be given to the plaintiff and no one
else, would have been clear and unequivocal to the testator. His nodding
indicated his approval of the plaintiff being his sole beneficiary. Whilst the
second statement muddied waters somewhat since it is not clear to me how the
plaintiff or Rachel’s filial piety would matter to the testator once he was
dead, I also note that the second statement was made _after_ the testator had
indicated his approval of the first statement.

185 At this juncture, I note with some concern that Mr Yeh’s explanation of
relatively simple terms of a will was not a model of clarity. As has been
pointed out, the way Mr Yeh went about discharging his duty to the testator
left much to be desired. Moreover, during cross-examination, he appeared
defensive and gave rather confused answers even to simple questions. It took
substantial effort and patience to derive any assistance on the matter from
him. However, I feel constrained to add, in fairness to Mr Yeh, that his poor
performance on the stand could be attributed to the effect of the passage of
time; he appeared in court a shadow of his former self as seen in the Videos.

186 As regards the Second Will executed on 14 May 2009, the plaintiff averred
that the testator knew that Mr Yeh and Diana were there in his home for the
purpose of helping him execute a new will. Rachel stated in her AEIC that the
testator got up from the sofa, walked to the dining table and gestured that
the dining table was to be cleared when he saw Mr Yeh on 14 May 2009.[note:
124] This was unchallenged and supported by Mr Yeh’s AEIC[note: 125] and Diana
during cross-examination.[note: 126]

187 The plaintiff further submitted that the testator knew he was executing
the Second Will as Mr Yeh referred to the execution of the First Will:

(In the Second Video)  
---  
J.S. Yeh (in Hokkien): |  _The previous time_ , we were talking about all your assets. All will be given to Bee Keong (points to Bee Keong). Do you remember?  
NCK: |  (Nods at him)  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

Mr Yeh also mentioned, later in the Second Video, the word “ _kuasa tao_ ”
which as translated means “administrator”.[note: 127]

188 The defendants argued, however, that Mr Yeh’s explanation appeared more
consistent with the defendant’s power of attorney theory. From the Second
Video, it can be seen that Mr Yeh prefaced his remark about giving everything
to the plaintiff with the words, “ _ai cho eh mee kia, gao dai lah … Gao dai
hor Ah Keong lai tuay ler cho dai chee_ ” which translate to “instruct Ah
Keong to help handle affairs on your behalf”.[note: 128] The defendants thus
submitted that the full sentence could be interpreted to mean: “instruct Ah
Keong to help handle affairs on your behalf _so_ all your things, assets,
whole thing give to Ah Keong”. Such an interpretation, coupled with the use of
the term “trustee” in the Wills, could have been understood by the testator to
mean that he was only signing a power of attorney.

189 The plaintiff disputed the defendants’ interpretation. Ms Barker submitted
that the insertion of the word “so” – between the words “Instruct Ah Keong to
help handle affairs on your behalf” and “all your things, assets, whole thing
give to Ah Keong” – was inaccurate. Ms Barker relied on the evidence of the
court interpreter that the word “and” would be a more accurate translation for
“ _Ah_ ”[note: 129] so that the sentence would read: “Instruct Ah Keong to
help handle affairs on your behalf _and_ all your things, assets, whole thing
give to Ah Keong”. The first part of the sentence thus referred to the
appointment of the plaintiff as the sole executor as per the first paragraph
of the Second Will; and the second part of the sentence about the plaintiff
being named sole beneficiary of the Second Will.

190 In the Second Video, Mr Yeh made a statement that “All will be given to Ah
Keong and nobody else”, to which the testator responded by making four
gestures:

(a) Drawing a circle on the table.

(b) Using both hands and making a pushing/throwing motion towards the
plaintiff.

(c) Drawing another circle on the table.

(d) Pointing to himself.

The defendants submitted that the four gestures read together could be
interpreted as meaning, “ _Everything I have I give to him, everything to do
for me_ ” which would be consistent with their power of attorney theory.

191 The plaintiff argued that interpreting the third and fourth gestures to
mean “everything to do for me” was strained and devoid of context. Ms Barker
submitted that the defendants’ interpretation of the four gestures would not
occur to the ordinary, reasonable man and cited as an example the following
exchange between Mr Kronenburg and Dr Ngui:

Q:Would you agree with me that what Mr Ng Bee Ke---Ng Ching Khye could have
been saying is: “Everything I give for him, everything to do for me”? That is
not possible that interpretation?

A:Can you say that again? Everything?

Q:“Everything I have give to him, everything to do for me.”

A:Everything---

Q:“To do for me.” That’s when---

A:Er, er---

Q:\---he points to himself. “All I have give to him, all to do for me.” Ending
up point up to himself. That interpretation is not possible?

A:I don’t quite understand “Everything to do for me”, what---what that
means.[note: 130]

192 Mr Yeh stated, under cross-examination, that he understood the testator’s
throwing gesture towards the plaintiff to mean that he was giving everything
to the plaintiff:

… And this understanding is also from the will making that a deceased person
can just throw a title deed to the beneficiary, can throw a car key or log
book to the bene---ben---beneficiary as---as will. So the gesture here is to
say, “I give of---everything of mine to Ng Bee Keong.[note: 131]

He further stated that he understood the third and fourth gestures to mean:

A:These are all mine. I got the right. These are all---these property are all
mine. I have the right.

…

Q:How can you be so sure that was what he meant?

A:I could hear. He’s not totally speechless. You, er, er, listen carefully.
You---you can hear---[note: 132]

193 The plaintiff was afforded the opportunity to clarify with this court if
the testator had indeed said something whilst making the third and fourth
gestures. He stated that the testator said “ _wah ye guan_ ” which can be
translated to mean, “ _this is my right_ ”. This, however, contradicted his
earlier position that the testator was mouthing “ _long chong wah eh_ ” which
means “all this is mine”.[note: 133]

194 Fortunately, my decision does not hinge solely upon the interpretation of
those four gestures. Prior to the testator signing the Second Will, Mr Yeh had
stated by way of confirmation:

J.S. Yeh (in Hokkien): So, I will repeat again.

Your name is Ng Ching Khye. Now you are appointing him (Bee Keong) to be your
administrator. All your property, movable and immovable will be given to Ah
Keong. (NCK nods).

Your wife will not get a single item. Do you want to give her a little bit?
(NCK makes a hand signal indicating “no”).[note: 134]

In light of the testator’s unequivocal agreement above and the evidence
adduced earlier that the testator was aware that he was signing a will, I am
inclined to accept the plaintiff’s submission that Mr Yeh’s words and the
testator’s gestures demonstrate the testator’s intention to will everything to
the plaintiff as sole beneficiary.

My conclusions on knowledge and approval

195 I find that the plaintiff has adduced sufficient evidence to show that, on
the balance of probabilities, the testator knew that he was signing a will and
that the testator knew and approved of the plaintiff being the sole
beneficiary of his estate. The knowledge and approval requirement has thus
been satisfied.

Conclusion

196 For the reasons given above, I uphold the Second Will. The plaintiff’s
claim is thus allowed.

197 As a postcript, I note that the various relatives who challenged the
validity of the Wills and gave evidence before this court were not
unreasonable persons seeking to bring vexatious claims. On the contrary, they
struck me as basically honest but mistaken witnesses who were forthright in
their answers to the court. I feel therefore that the disparaging remarks made
about them by the plaintiff and Rachel were mostly unwarranted.

198 I make one final observation that it is unfortunate that this dispute has
not only resulted in familial discord but also a departure from what all
parties agreed had been a long and proud family tradition of helping and
supporting one another in times of need. It is hoped that, the matter having
been put to rest, the task of mending ties can soon begin.

199 I will hear parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]1AEIC (Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief, vol 1) Tab 1 at
[44].

[note: 2]_Ibid_.

[note: 3]1AEIC Tab 1 at [45].

[note: 4]1AEIC Tab 1 at [47]; 2AEIC Tab 3 at [20].

[note: 5]1AEIC Tab 1 at [48]; 2AEIC Tab 3 at [20].

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]1AEIC Tab 1 at [49]; 2AEIC Tab 3 at [21].

[note: 8]2AEIC Tab 3 at [22].

[note: 9]1AEIC Tab 1 at [51]; 2AEIC Tab 3 at [23].

[note: 10]1AEIC Tab 1 at [53]; 2AEIC Tab 3 at [25].

[note: 11]1AEIC Tab 1 at [54]; 2AEIC Tab 3 at [26].

[note: 12]1AEIC Tab 1 at [55]; 2AEIC Tab 3 at [27].

[note: 13]1AEIC Tab 1 at [57].

[note: 14]_Ibid_ at [59].

[note: 15]_Ibid_ at [60].

[note: 16]_Ibid_ at [71].

[note: 17]_Ibid_ at [74]-[76].

[note: 18]3AEIC Tab 13 at [25]; 3AEIC Tab 14 at [59].

[note: 19]3AEIC Tab 13 at [30]; 3AEIC Tab 14 at [62]-[63].

[note: 20]1AEIC Tab 1 at [99].

[note: 21]CT: 11 Jan 2013, p 61 (Certified Transcript).

[note: 22]1AB.47 and 1AB.48 (Agreed Bundle of Documents, vol 1).

[note: 23]2AEIC Tab 3 at [46].

[note: 24]1AEIC Tab 1 at [91].

[note: 25]_Ibid_.

[note: 26]1AEIC Tab 1 at [92].

[note: 27]_Ibid_.

[note: 28]1AEIC Tab 1 at [92]; 2AEIC Tab 4 at [12].

[note: 29]_Ibid_ ; 2AEIC Tab 4 at [13].

[note: 30]CT: 16 Jan 2013, p 34.

[note: 31]CT: 17 Jan 2013 p 60.

[note: 32]CT: 16 Jan 2013, p 47.

[note: 33]CT: 9 Jan 2013, p 65.

[note: 34]CT: 15 Jan 2013, p 8; 11 Jan 2013, p 44.

[note: 35]CT: 16 Jan 2013, pp 1-2.

[note: 36]CT: 17 Jan 2013, p 74; 18 Jan 2013, p 69.

[note: 37]1AB.166.

[note: 38]CT: 11 Jan 2013, p 65.

[note: 39]_Ibid_ , p 62.

[note: 40]3AEIC Tab 18 at [9].

[note: 41]CT: 18 Jan 2013, p 31.

[note: 42]_Ibid_ , pp 51-52.

[note: 43]_Ibid_ , pp 54-55.

[note: 44]2AEIC Tab 7 at [10]-[11].

[note: 45]2AEIC Tab 7 at [16]; CT: 18 Jan 2013, pp 36 and 50.

[note: 46]CT: 18 Jan 2013, p 50.

[note: 47]1AB.91.

[note: 48]1AB.172 and 1AB.180.

[note: 49]3AEIC Tab 14 at [79]; Tab 4 at PKTK-1.

[note: 50]CT: 17 Jan 2013, p 97.

[note: 51]3AEIC Tab 14 at [68].

[note: 52]CT: 15 Jan 2013, p 116; 17 Jan 2013, p 84.

[note: 53]CT: 10 Jan 2013, p 66.

[note: 54]2AEIC Tab 10 at [9]; 1AEIC Tab 2 at [94]-[95].

[note: 55]CT: 16 Jan 2013 at p 6.

[note: 56]2AEIC Tab 14 at [10].

[note: 57]1AEIC Tab 1 at [119]; CT: 10 Jan 2013, p 24.

[note: 58]CT: 14 Jan 2013, p 44.

[note: 59]CT: 16 Jan 2013, p 7.

[note: 60]CT: 15 Jan 2013, p 111.

[note: 61]_Ibid_ , p 77.

[note: 62]CT: 17 Jan 2013, p 75.

[note: 63]_Ibid_ , p 76.

[note: 64]_Ibid_ , p 85.

[note: 65]3AEIC Tab 14 at [26] and [29]; CT: 9 Jan 2013, p 32.

[note: 66]2AEIC Tab 3 at [22].

[note: 67]CT: 18 Jan 2013, p 3.

[note: 68]_Ibid_ , p 89.

[note: 69]_Ibid_ , p 74.

[note: 70]CT: 14 Jan 2013, p 68.

[note: 71]_Ibid_ , pp 94-95.

[note: 72]2AEIC Tab 9 at [21]-[22].

[note: 73]CT: 18 Jan 2013, p 1.

[note: 74]2AB.1140-1250.

[note: 75]CT: 14 Jan 2013, p 83.

[note: 76]CT: 17 Jan 2013, p 62.

[note: 77]CT: 16 Jan 2013, pp 83-84.

[note: 78]_Ibid_ , p 73.

[note: 79]CT: 17 Jan 2013, p 36.

[note: 80]Cope R & Humphreys M. Civil Matters. _Seminars in Practical Forensic
Psychiatry_ (1995) 11, 318-320, at 319.

[note: 81]CT: 16 Jan 2013, pp 80-81.

[note: 82]3AEIC Tab 13 at [29].

[note: 83]2AEIC Tab 12 at [30]; CT: 15 Jan 2013, p 101.

[note: 84]2AEIC Tab 12 at [32].

[note: 85]3AEIC Tab 14 at [81].

[note: 86]CT: 17 Jan 2013, pp 28-29.

[note: 87]_Ibid_ , p 67.

[note: 88]_Ibid_ , p 76.

[note: 89]CT: 18 Jan 2013, p 78.

[note: 90]CT: 17 Jan 2013, p 85.

[note: 91]_Ibid_ , p 92.

[note: 92]_Ibid_ , p 84.

[note: 93]CT: 18 Jan 2013, p 81.

[note: 94]1AEIC Tab 1 at [46].

[note: 95]CT: 17 Jan 2013, pp 86-87.

[note: 96]CT: 8 Jan 2013, p 39.

[note: 97]CT: 11 Jan 2013, p 87.

[note: 98]CT: 9 Jan 2013, p 56.

[note: 99]_Ibid_ , p 81.

[note: 100]CT: 14 Jan 2013, p 57.

[note: 101]CT: 11 Jan 2013, p 45.

[note: 102]CT: 14 Jan 2013, p 57.

[note: 103]CT: 9 Jan 2013, p 22.

[note: 104]_Ibid_ , p 29.

[note: 105]CT: 14 Jan 2013, p 61.

[note: 106]_Ibid_ , pp 61-62.

[note: 107]CT: 9 Jan 2013, pp 30-31.

[note: 108]2AEIC Tab 4 at [20].

[note: 109]CT: 9 Jan 2013, p 13.

[note: 110]2AEIC Tab 9 at [29].

[note: 111]CT: 10 Jan 2013, p 65.

[note: 112]CT: 11 Jan 2013, p 18.

[note: 113]CT: 11 Jan 2013, p 20.

[note: 114]CT: 14 Jan 2013, p 78.

[note: 115]1AEIC Tab 1 at p 88.

[note: 116]3AEIC Tab 3 at p 54.

[note: 117]CT: 14 Jan 2013, p 65.

[note: 118]CT: 11 Jan 2013, p 43.

[note: 119]CT: 14 Jan 2013, p 79.

[note: 120]CT: 16 Jan 2013, p 28.

[note: 121]CT: 18 Jan 2013, pp 74-75.

[note: 122]2AEIC Tab 12 at p 16.

[note: 123]CT: 15 Jan 2013, pp 5-6.

[note: 124]2AEIC Tab 3 at [51].

[note: 125]2AEIC Tab 4 at [14].

[note: 126]CT: 11 Jan 2013, p 49.

[note: 127]1AEIC Tab 2 at p 89.

[note: 128]2AEIC Tab 12, p 22 at time 1.52.38.

[note: 129]CT: 15 Jan 2013, p 61.

[note: 130]CT: 16 Jan 2013, p 68.

[note: 131]CT: 15 Jan 2013, p 29.

[note: 132]CT: 15 Jan 2013, p 32.

[note: 133]CT: 10 Jan 2013, p 6.

[note: 134]Plaintiff’s AEIC, p 89.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 May 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

