Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Comptroller of Income Tax _v_ BJX  
[2013] SGHC 145

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 184 of 2013 (Summons No 3474 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 July 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alvin Chia and Patrick Nai (Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore (Law Division)) for the applicant; Noelle Seet and Guo Longjin
(RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for the third respondent.  
Parties| :|  Comptroller of Income Tax — BJX  
  
30 July 2013|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This was an application by the third respondent, [BJX], for a stay of
execution of my order allowing the production of documents in Originating
Summons No 184 of 2013 (“the Order”). After hearing the parties, I dismissed
[BJX]’s application. I now set out the grounds for my decision.

Background

2 On 26 February 2013, the Comptroller of Income Tax (“the Comptroller”) filed
Originating Summons No 184 of 2013. This application was made by pursuant to s
105J of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed) and O 98 r 2 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) for an order that the first and second
respondents, [Bank 1] and [Bank 2], release information, documents and bank
records concerning [BJX].

3 On 5 July 2013, I granted the Order in favour of the Comptroller.
Subsequently, on 9 July 2013, [BJX] filed Summons No 3474 of 2013, praying for
a stay of execution of the Order.

The law

4 The principles governing a stay of execution pending appeal have been
concisely summarised in _Strandore Invest A/S v Soh Kim Wat_ [2010] SGHC 174
at [7]:

(a) ...

(b) The first principle is that, as a general proposition, the court does not
deprive a successful litigant of the fruits of his litigation, and lock up
funds to which he is _prima facie_ entitled, pending an appeal. There is no
difference whether the judgment appealed against was made on a summary basis
or after a full trial.

(c) This is balanced by the second principle. When a party is exercising his
undoubted right of appeal, the court ought to see that the appeal, if
successful, is not nugatory. Thus a stay will be granted if it can be shown by
affidavit that, if the damages and costs are paid, there is no reasonable
probability of getting them back if the appeal succeeds.

(d) The third principle follows, and is an elaboration of the second
principle, that an appellant must show special circumstances before the court
will grant a stay.

All other rules follow and are derived from the application of these three
principles to the individual circumstances and facts of each case. For
example, the likelihood of success is not by itself sufficient, and a bald
assertion of the likelihood of success in an affidavit is inadequate.
Otherwise, a stay would be granted in every case because every appellant must
expect that his appeal will succeed. Finally, it is neither possible, nor
desirable, to give a catalogue of all the circumstances that would qualify to
be considered as special. The court in every case will have to examine the
facts to see if special circumstances justifying the grant of a stay of
execution exist based upon the application of the three principles.

5 I would add that the fact that there may be strong grounds for an appeal is
not by itself a reason for granting a stay (see _Lee Kuan Yew v Jeyaretnam
Joshua Benjamin_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 772 at [6]).

Application of the law to the present facts

6 Counsel for [BJX], Ms Noelle Seet, submitted that disclosure of confidential
information pursuant to the Order would cause an irreparable loss of
confidentiality in the information disclosed. This disclosure of information
would therefore render the appeal, if successful, nugatory.

7 In response, counsel for the Comptroller, Mr Alvin Chia, submitted that for
a stay of execution pending an appeal to be granted, it must necessarily be
shown that an appeal was pending (_Singapore Civil Procedure_ (Sweet & Maxwell
Asia, 2013) at para 57/15/1). Since there was no appeal pending, the stay
should not be granted. He further submitted that there were no special
circumstances to justify the granting of the application.

8 In my judgment, there were no convincing reasons to grant the application.
First, [BJX] had not even filed an appeal against the Order. [BJX]’s mere
_intention_ to file an appeal was, to me, plainly inadequate. At the hearing,
there were no cogent reasons provided for [BJX]’s failure to file an appeal
against my Order.

9 Second, there were no special circumstances justifying the grant of the
present application. I was not satisfied that there would be any harm done to
BJX if the present application were to be denied. If the information ordered
to be disclosed to the Indian authorities proves to be of no use to them,
there would be no harm caused because the authorities would be bound by their
stringent secrecy obligations under the Art 28 of the Agreement between the
Government of the Republic of Singapore and the Government of the Republic of
India for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal
Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income which came into force on 27 May 1994
(“the Singapore-India DTA”). In particular, Art 28(2) of the Singapore-India
DTA (as amended by the Second Protocol signed on 24 June 2011 which came into
force on 1 September 2011) states as follows:

Any information received under paragraph 1 by a Contracting State shall be
treated as _secret_ in the same manner as information obtained under the
domestic laws of that State and shall be disclosed only to persons or
authorities (including courts and administrative bodies) concerned with the
assessment or collection of, the enforcement or prosecution in respect of, the
determination of appeals in relation to the taxes referred to in paragraph 1,
or the oversight of the above. _Such persons or authorities shall use the
information only for such purposes_. They may disclose the information in
public court proceedings or in judicial decisions. [emphasis added]

If, on the other hand, the information ordered to be disclosed turns out to be
useful to the Indian authorities, there can be no cause for complaint by
[BJX]. [BJX]’s director, [Y], stated in her affidavit in support of the
present application that [BJX] would suffer “undue and irreparable prejudice”
if the stay was not granted. In my judgment, this was a bald assertion that
was not substantiated in any way.

10 Third, I was not convinced that [BJX] had strong grounds for a successful
appeal. The information requested by the Indian tax authorities was detailed,
specific and foreseeably relevant to the administration or enforcement of
Indian tax law. Pertinently, the test of foreseeable relevance was not
envisaged to be a high and exacting standard but was intended to provide for
the exchange of information in tax matters to the “widest possible extent”:
see _Update to Article 26 of the OECD Model Tax Convention and its Commentary_
, approved by the OECD Council on 17 July 2012 (the “OECD Commentary”) at para
5. Moreover, the test of foreseeable relevance only contemplates “ _a
reasonable possibility_ that the requested information will be relevant;
whether the information, once provided, actually proves to be relevant is
immaterial” [emphasis added] OECD Commentary at para 5. Even assuming
_arguendo_ that [BJX] had strong grounds for an appeal, this in itself would
not be a sufficient reason for granting a stay.

Conclusion

11 For the above reasons, I dismissed the application and ordered costs of
$1,200 to the Comptroller.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jul 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

