Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Quek Li Hao  
[2013] SGHC 152

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 57 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 August 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kenneth Wong and Vadivalagan Shanmuga (Deputy Public
Prosecutors) for the Appellant; Respondent in person.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Quek Li Hao  
  
13 August 2013|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 This was an appeal by the Prosecution against the sentences meted out to the
Accused (“the Respondent”) by the District Judge (“DJ”) in respect of four
charges of harassment with property damage. The Respondent committed the
offences on behalf of an unlicensed moneylender, such offences being
punishable under s 28(2)(_a_) read with s 28(3)(_b_)(i) of the Moneylenders
Act (Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (“Harassment Charges”).

2 At the conclusion of the appeal, I allowed the Prosecution’s appeal. I now
set out my reasons.

The background

3 The Respondent, now 38 years old, stood as a guarantor for his friend,
“Eric”, to borrow money from three unlicensed moneylenders. A few weeks later,
“Eric” disappeared and the unlicensed moneylenders harassed the Respondent for
repayment. As the Respondent was left to bear “Eric’s” debts, he started to
take loans ranging from $500 to $1000 from other unlicensed moneylenders in
order to pay off the existing debts.

4 Sometime in early 2012, the Respondent took a $500 loan from an unlicensed
moneylender known as “Paul” as he needed cash urgently. Thereafter, whenever
the Respondent needed cash urgently, he contacted “Paul” and obtained new
loans from him. Sometime in mid July 2012, the Respondent was unable to repay
“Paul”. “Paul” offered the Respondent the job of a “runner”, which included
splashing paint at borrowers’ flats and scrawling “O$P$” at staircase walls.
The Respondent was promised $70 for each unit which was harassed, with such
payments to be used to set off the Respondent’s outstanding debts with “Paul”.
The Respondent agreed and started working for “Paul” sometime in late July
2012.

5 The Respondent also borrowed from an unlicensed moneylender named “James”.
In May 2012, he was unable to repay the loan. “James” told the Respondent that
his flat would be harassed unless he opened a bank account for the use of his
unlicensed moneylending business. The Respondent agreed to open a bank account
and did so on 5 May 2012. He passed the Automated Teller Machine (ATM) card
and Personal Identification Number (PIN) linked to the account to “James”.
This formed the subject matter of the charge of assisting “James” in the
carrying on of the business of money-lending punishable under s 14(1)(_b_)(i)
read with s 14(1A)(_a_) of the Moneylenders Act (“Assisting Moneylender
Charge”).[note: 1]

6 On 21 August 2012 at about 2.17am, one Zakaria Bin Osman called the police
stating that “There is a Chinese man wearing grey T-shirt and black bermudas
with spectacle just open his bag and write something on the wall”, giving the
location as Block 17 Hougang Ave 3. The police arrived and managed to arrest
the Respondent at the void deck of the said block of flats after a short
chase.

7 The Respondent was found with the following items:

(a) One bag;

(b) Five plastic bags;

(c) One glove;

(d) One screwdriver;

(e) Two paint brushes;

(f) Four cans of green paint;

(g) Six marker pens;

(h) One pen;

(i) One bottle of WD40 – stain remover;

(j) One Nokia hand-phone;

(k) One piece of paper with entries;

(l) One receipt; and

(m) One can of used paint in a yellow plastic bag.

8 The Respondent consented to seven other charges of harassment on behalf of
an unlicensed moneylender (by splashing paint and writing loan shark related
graffiti) to be taken into consideration for sentencing purposes.

The charges

9 The Respondent pleaded guilty before the DJ to the following charges:

DAC 30189/2012:

[Quek Li Hao] are charged that you, on the 21st day of August 2012, at or
about 2.17am, at the vicinity of Block 17 Hougang Ave 3 #12-153, Singapore,
while acting on behalf of an unlicensed moneylender known as “PAUL”, did
commit an act likely to cause annoyance to the borrower Ang Siok Chin and her
family, in connection with a loan to the said borrower, to wit, by using an
indelible black marker pen to write 3 sets of “12-153 O$P$ [xxx] KING” at the
10th, 11th and 12th floor staircase walls and also splashed green colour paint
at neighbouring unit #11-153, and in the course of committing the said act,
did cause damage to the said property, and you have thereby committed an
offence under Section 28(1)(b) punishable under Section 28(2)(a) and Section
28(3)(b)(i) of the Moneylenders Act (Cap. 188).

DAC 31095/2012:

[Quek Li Hao] are charged that you, on the 25th day of July 2012, between
1.30am and 5.00am, at the vicinity of Block 559 Hougang Street 51 #14-396,
Singapore, while acting on behalf of an unlicensed moneylender known as
“PAUL”, did commit an act likely to cause annoyance to the unit occupant
Syaiful Bahri Bin Mohamed Sapuan and his family, in connection with a loan to
an unknown borrower, to wit, by using an indelible black marker pen to write
two sets of “14-396 O$P$ [xxx] KING” at the 13th and 14th floor staircase
walls and also splashed red colour paint at said unit #14-396 door and gate,
and in the course of committing the said act, did cause damage to the said
property, and you and thereby committed an offence under Section 28(1)(b)
punishable under Section 28(2)(a) and Section 28(3)(b)(i) of the Moneylenders
Act (Cap. 188).

DAC 31098/2012:

[Quek Li Hao] are charged that you, on the 9th day of August 2012, between
1.30am and 5.00am, at the vicinity of Block 710 Yishun Ave 5 #03-100,
Singapore, while acting on behalf of an unlicensed moneylender known as
“PAUL”, did commit an act likely to cause annoyance to a ‘surety’ of a
borrower, Saleh Bin Mohamed and his family, in connection with a loan to the
borrower, to wit, by using an indelible black marker pen to write three sets
of “3-100 O$P$ KING [xxx]” at the 3rd, 4th and 5th floor staircase walls and
also splashed red colour paint at the said unit’s door and gate, and in the
course of committing the said act, did cause damage to the said property and
you have thereby committed an offence under Section 28(1)(b) punishable under
Section 28(2)(a) and Section 28(3)(b)(i) of the Moneylenders Act (Cap. 188).

DAC 32996/2012:

[Quek Li Hao] are charged that you, on the 16th day of August 2012, between
1.30am and 5.00am, at the vicinity of Block 319 Hougang Ave 5 #04-23,
Singapore, while acting on behalf of an unlicensed moneylender known as
“PAUL”, did commit an act likely to cause annoyance to the borrower Lee Tuan
Poong and his family, in connection with a loan to the said borrower, to wit,
by using an indelible black marker pen to write three sets of “4-23 O$P$ [xxx]
KING” at the 4th, 5th and 6th floor staircase walls and also splashed blue
colour paint at the said unit’s door and gate, and in the course of committing
the said act, did cause damage to the said property, and you have thereby
committed an offence under Section 28(1)(b) punishable under Section 28(2)(a)
and Section 28(3)(b)(i) of the Moneylenders Act (Cap. 188).

DAC 32997/2012:

[Quek Li Hao] are charged that you, on the 5th day of May 2012, at United
Overseas Bank (UOB) Toa Payoh Branch, Singapore, did assist one ‘James’, in
the carrying on of the business of money-lending in Singapore, to wit, by
opening an UOB account bearing number [xxx] under your name, and thereafter
handing over the UOB Automated Teller Machine (ATM) card and Personal
Identification Number (PIN) linked to the said UOB account to the said
‘James’, so as to facilitate the said ‘James’’ unlicensed money-lending
business when ‘James’ was not an excluded moneylender or an exempt moneylender
or authorised to do so by license, and you have thereby assisted in the
contravention of Section 5(1) of the Moneylenders Act (Cap. 188) and thus has
committed an offence punishable under Section 14(1)(b)(i) and 14(1A)(a) of the
said Act.

The decision below

10 The punishments provided for the Harassment Charges are imprisonment for a
term not exceeding five years, a discretionary fine between $5,000 and $50,000
in amount and caning with three to six strokes. The DJ sentenced the
Respondent to seven months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane for
each of the four Harassment Charges[note: 2] and to one month’s imprisonment
and a fine of $30,000 (in default, three weeks’ imprisonment) for the
Assisting Moneylender Charge[note: 3]. The Assisting Moneylender Charge is not
the subject of the Prosecution’s appeal.

11 The DJ ordered two of the imprisonment terms for the Harassment Charges to
run consecutively. The aggregate sentence was therefore 14 months’
imprisonment, 12 strokes of the cane and a fine of $30,000 (in default, three
weeks’ imprisonment).

12 In arriving at the sentence of seven months’ imprisonment and three strokes
of the cane for each of the Harassment Charges, the DJ considered the
following:

(a) The Respondent had a clean record;

(b) The Respondent was in the category of persons deserving of compassion as
he had committed the offences due to unforeseen financial difficulties that
were not of his own doing. He was a victim of circumstances spiralling beyond
his control. Specifically, the Respondent had helped a friend by standing as
the guarantor but the friend ‘turned out to be wholly unworthy and
disappeared’. Further, as a dutiful son, he had to foot the medical bills of
his sickly parents which further added to his financial woes;

(c) He pleaded guilty and was remorseful;

(d) His employers were willing to re-employ him after his period of
incarceration; and

(e) He was unlikely to reoffend.

13 The DJ highlighted that in _Ong Chee Eng_ _v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 3
SLR 776 (“ _Ong Chee Eng_ ”) at [39], the High Court had observed that a
“discount ought to have been given by the District Judge for the charges that
dealt only with the splashing of the paint and the writing on the walls”.
Further, the DJ noted that it was highlighted in _Ong Chee Eng_ (at [10]) that
deterrence was just one aspect of a sophisticated and holistic solution.
Hence, in the DJ’s view, the 12-month benchmark sentence laid down in _Public
Prosecutor v Nelson Jeyaraj s/o Chandran_ [2011] 2 SLR 1130 (“ _Nelson
Jeyaraj_ ”) was not meant to be a hard and fast rule.

14 The DJ also observed that the courts have not indiscriminately imposed 12
months’ imprisonment as seen in the cases of _Public Prosecutor v Tan Chiah
Khing_ [2012] SGDC 35 (“ _Tan Chiah Khing_ ”) and Public _Prosecutor v
Abdullah Bin Abdul Rahman_ [2011] SGDC 380 (“ _Abdullah Bin Abdul Rahman_ ”).
In _Tan Chiah Khing_ , the offender was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment
and the Prosecution’s appeal against sentence was dismissed by the High Court.
In _Abdullah Bin Abdul Rahman_ , the offender, who stood as a guarantor for a
friend and committed the offences after his friend disappeared, was sentenced
to eight weeks’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane on each of the
harassment charges. On appeal, the imprisonment sentence was enhanced to seven
months for each of the harassment charges.

The Prosecution’s case

15 The Prosecution urged this court to enhance the individual sentences of
seven months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane for the Harassment
Charges as these were manifestly inadequate. The usual tariff for such
offences committed in similar circumstances was between nine and 12 months’
imprisonment with three strokes of the cane. The Prosecution submitted that
the individual sentences for the Harassment Charges should be enhanced to 12
months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane.

16 The Prosecution argued that the sentences imposed for the Harassment
Charges were manifestly inadequate because the DJ had erred in fact and in law
by:

(a) Failing to give sufficient weight to the need for general deterrence with
regard to the nature of such offences and Parliament’s clear intent to take a
tougher stance against loanshark related offences;

(b) Failing to give sufficient weight to the need for specific deterrence and
placing undue weight on the Respondent’s personal circumstances;

(c) Failing to adequately appreciate the distinguishing elements between this
case and the cases relied on by the DJ to justify departure from the benchmark
sentence;

(d) Failing to give adequate consideration to sentencing precedents exhibiting
similar facts; and

(e) Failing to give due weight to the aggravating factors in the present case.

17 The Prosecution also pointed out the following aggravating factors here:

(a) The offences were premeditated as opposed to being carried out on the spur
of the moment. The Respondent had gone to the victims’ units equipped with
paint and markers for carrying out the acts of harassment. Further, the
Respondent knowingly worked for at least two different loan sharks; and

(b) The Respondent went to six different locations all over Singapore
(Hougang, Yishun, Ang Mo Kio and Pasir Ris) to carry out the acts of
harassment.

18 The Respondent did not provide any documentary evidence for his claims of
financial hardship in his plea of mitigation. Even if those claims were true,
the financial difficulties faced by the Respondent hardly amounted to such
exceptional circumstances that warranted significant weight to be placed on
them as a mitigating factor.

19 Finally, in one of the Harassment Charges, the Respondent went so far as to
splash paint on the unit adjacent to the debtor’s unit, thereby causing
needless annoyance and distress to the debtor’s neighbour.

The Respondent’s case

20 The Respondent, who was legally represented before the DJ but not before
me, made the following points:

(a) The Respondent argued that, as pointed out by the DJ, it was clearly not
meant to be a “hard and fast rule” that 12 months’ imprisonment was the “usual
benchmark” for harassment cases.

(b) He emphasized the circumstances in which he had resorted to the borrowing
of money from loan sharks, namely, the fact that he had exhausted all legal
avenues to raise funds and, when faced with his family’s emergencies, he
really had no choice but to turn to loan sharks. He stated that he belonged to
“those, who, out of genuinely desperate financial need brought about by events
not within their control (eg. sudden sickness and prolonged retrenchment)
borrow from loan sharks whom they are then forced to work for ...” (_Ong Chee
Eng_ at [18]).

(c) The Respondent stated that he splashed paint on others’ homes unwillingly
after the loan sharks became aggressive, phoned him at his office, threatened
to harass his colleagues and to make him lose his job. His health also
suffered due to the long-term stress.

(d) He asked the Court to show compassion towards him and maintain the
sentence given by the DJ. This was because he had aged and sickly parents to
care for and he was remorseful.

My decision

21 The present case presents an opportunity to elaborate on the benchmark
sentence for non-fire harassment cases with resultant property damage under
the Moneylenders Act.

Parliament’s approach towards loan shark offences

22 Parliament’s approach towards loan shark offences is clear - it has
prescribed mandatory imprisonment and caning for even first-time offenders.
Hence, in the light of the severity of the mandatory sentences, Parliament’s
intention is clearly to strongly deter the commission of loan shark offences:
_Ong Chee Eng_ at [10].

Benchmark sentence for non-fire harassment cases

23 In _Nelson Jeyaraj_ , the High Court (at [47]) stated that the benchmark
sentence for non-fire harassment cases with property damage is 12 months’
imprisonment and three strokes of the cane.

24 The High Court in _Ong Chee Eng_ (at [14] and [18]) grouped accused persons
into two categories: the first category consists of those who turn to loan
sharks not to pay off their gambling debts but because of genuinely desperate
needs such as sudden sickness and prolonged retrenchment (**“** genuine
financial need” category).

25 The second category consists of those less deserving of sympathy such as
youth harassers lured by the easy money and the thrill and gamblers who harass
for the easy money they can obtain to repay their gambling debts (“greed and
self-interest” category).

26 Although the offender in _Ong Chee Eng_ fell into the “genuine financial
need” category, the High Court did not depart from the benchmark sentence of
12 months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane. However, it did state
that a small discount of one to two months could have been given where steps
had been taken by the offender to minimize damage. The High Court gave 12
months’ imprisonment and three strokes for each of the non-fire harassment
charges and 16 months’ imprisonment and three strokes for each of the fire
harassment charges. One of the non-fire harassment charges and three of the
fire harassment charges were ordered to run consecutively making the total
sentence 60 months’ imprisonment and the maximum 24 strokes of the cane.

27 The High Court in _Ong Chee Eng_ therefore left undisturbed the 12-month
imprisonment term and three strokes of the cane for each of the non-fire
harassment charges involving property damage. In the same vein, although the
Respondent here belonged to the “genuine financial need” category – as he
claimed he needed money for his parents’ hospitalisation bills and was a
guarantor turned debtor turned harasser – there was no reason why the
benchmark sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment and 3 strokes of the cane for
non-fire harassment cases with property damage should not apply to his case.

28 The Respondent also appeared to have been in a better financial position
compared with the offender in _Ong Chee Eng_. While both of them became
involved with loan sharks after they had guaranteed their friends’ loans, the
Respondent here was still working and drawing a monthly salary of $2,500 at
the time of the commission of the Harassment Charges. In contrast, the
offender in _Ong Chee Eng_ was retrenched and had to go to the extent of
selling his HDB flat to try to repay the loans but even that proved to be
insufficient for the repayment.

29 The offender in _Ong Chee Eng_ had also confessed to the majority of the
charges that were brought against him and which the police would otherwise
have been unable to pin on him. In contrast, the Respondent was caught red-
handed with the addresses of the flats that he was instructed to harass still
stored in the SMS inbox of his mobile phone. These formed the subject-matter
of the charges that were preferred against him.

Distinguishing the cases cited by the DJ that departed from the benchmark
sentence

30 The cases relied upon by the DJ that departed from the benchmark sentence –
_Abdullah Bin Abdul Rahman_ and _Tan Chiah Khing_ – could be distinguished
from the present case.

31 In _Abdullah Bin Abdul Rahman_ , the 49-year-old offender was sentenced by
the district judge in that case to eight weeks’ imprisonment with three
strokes of the cane for each of the harassment charges with property damage.
On appeal, the High Court increased the sentence to seven months’ imprisonment
and three strokes of the cane for each of those charges.

32 While no written grounds of decision were given for that case, it should be
noted that the offender had been released on 3 December 2011 (after remission
of sentence). He could not be located to attend the hearing of the
Prosecution’s appeal against sentence, originally fixed on 31 January 2012. By
the time he was present in court for the hearing of the appeal on 3 October
2012, it had been some ten months after his release from prison. In those
circumstances, the Prosecution conceded before the High Court that a
sentencing discount could be given to the offender, in view of the hardship
that would be caused to him if his sentence were to be increased to the
benchmark of 12 months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane. In
contrast, there were no such peculiar facts in the present case.

33 Further, the offender there was approaching 50 years of age and had
recently undergone heart surgery to insert a stent, as he had purportedly
suffered a heart attack whilst committing an act of harassment. In the present
case, the Respondent was a healthy 37-year-old at the time of the offences.

34 In _Tan Chiah Khing_ , the accused was sentenced to six months’
imprisonment for the charge of non-fire harassment with property damage on
behalf of an unlicensed moneylender. The offender there faced only one count
each of non-fire harassment with property damage and assisting in unlicensed
moneylending. In contrast, the Respondent faced four Harassment Charges and
one charge of assisting a moneylender, with seven similar charges of
harassment taken into consideration for sentencing purposes.

35 The district judge in _Tan Chiah Khing_ took into consideration the
following factors in departing from the benchmark sentence: the offender was
above 50 years old and not in good health and the offences were committed
within a period of two days. However, these factors do not apply in the
present case to the healthy and then 37-year-old Respondent who committed the
offences over a longer period of time of about five weeks.

36 In other cases with unusual circumstances, custodial sentences below the
12-month benchmark have been meted out. For example, in _Public Prosecutor v
Kalaiselvan Subramaniam_ (DAC 30535/2012 & another), the offender was
sentenced to ten months’ imprisonment as he was suffering from schizophrenia
at the material time. In the present case, I did not find that the
Respondent’s personal background amounted to such unusual circumstances as to
warrant a discount in the benchmark sentence with regard to the Harassment
Charges.

Discount in sentence when steps are taken to minimise damage caused to
property

37 A small discount of one to two months to the benchmark sentence could be
given for non-fire harassment cases when the accused person had taken steps to
minimize the damage caused to property (_Ong Chee Eng_ at [39]). For example,
the offender in _Ong Chee Eng_ “wrote on the walls with a non-permanent white
board marker so the intimidating scrawls could be removed with a wet cloth”
(at [8].)

38 In our present case, there was no evidence before the Court that the
Respondent had taken steps to minimize the damage caused to the various flats
and their surroundings. In fact, he had even gone to the extent of splashing
paint on a debtor’s neighbour’s flat (see further at [39] to [44] below).

Aggravating factor when innocent persons are harassed

39 In my view, it is an aggravating factor when innocent persons are
deliberately targeted and harassed. This could take the form of harassing the
debtor’s neighbours or vandalising the flat when the harasser knows that the
debtor is no longer residing there. Innocent parties should not be made to
suffer the anxiety, frustration and helplessness caused by such acts of
harassment. Such indiscriminate acts disturb the peace of mind and sense of
well-being of the community by enlarging the area of conflict.

40 In _Nelson Jeyaraj_ , the High Court stated that (at [20]):

Harassment offences threaten the safety of a considerably wider scope of
persons beyond the debtors and/or sureties. _Innocent victims are often_
_utilised as deliberate targets, not because of any prior association with
the_ _illegal moneylenders, but because the unlicensed moneylenders and their_
_“runners” see them as nothing more than a pawn in order to pressure the_
_actual debtors to pay up_. At the Second Reading of the 2010 amendment bill
which brought the Moneylenders Act to its current form, the Senior Minister of
State for Home Affairs (Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee) said at col 2051:

_Loansharks now increasingly target innocent neighbouring households by_
_splashing paint on their doors, or on their cars in multi-storey carparks_
,_hoping that peer pressure would force the borrowers to pay up_. Indeed, in
some instances, knowing that innocent parties are frustrated, loansharks
demand that they pay up on behalf of the actual debtors! These acts, though
generally non-confrontational in nature and non-life threatening, nevertheless
disrupt the community’s sense of well-being.

[emphasis added]

41 In _Public Prosecutor v Mohammad Suhairi Bin Mail_ [2011] SGDC 31, the
district judge imposed higher imprisonment sentences for the harassment of
neighbours’ units and for securing the main gate, as these were aggravated
forms of harassment. He sentenced the offender to 14 months’ imprisonment and
three strokes of the cane for each of the two charges of harassing the
debtor’s neighbours’ units by writing graffiti and splashing paint.

42 In the present case, the Respondent harassed the debtor’s neighbour by
splashing paint on the neighbour’s unit. When I asked the Respondent about
this incident, he admitted that he knew that he was harassing the debtor’s
neighbour before he splashed the paint. He claimed that he was reluctant to do
so and had called his boss to express his reservations but was instructed
nevertheless to carry out the act of harassment against the neighbour.

43 However, the Prosecution in the present case did not seek to make a
distinction between the sentences to be meted out for offences involving
innocent persons and those involving debtors. It merely used the fact that a
neighbouring unit was targeted as a factor to support its arguments that the
benchmark should not have been departed from.

44 In my view, offenders who knowingly harass innocent persons such as
debtors’ neighbours ought to be given an imprisonment term of two to three
months higher than the benchmark sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment.
Unlicensed moneylenders and their assistants should not be allowed to treat
debtors’ neighbours as mere collateral damage in their unrelenting quest to
make debtors pay up. Similarly, offenders in the “greed and self-interest”
category could justifiably be given enhanced sentences of three to six months
above the said benchmark, with due consideration accorded to their
youthfulness and other relevant factors.

Conclusion

45 For the above reasons, I allowed the Prosecution’s appeal against the
sentences imposed by the DJ. In respect of the four Harassment Charges, I
ordered the imprisonment terms imposed by the DJ to be enhanced to 12 months’
imprisonment for each charge with the three strokes of the cane for each
charge to remain unchanged.

46 The imprisonment terms for DAC 30189/2012 and DAC 31095/2012 were ordered
to run consecutively, with the rest of the imprisonment terms running
concurrently with them. The total sentence was therefore 24 months’
imprisonment with effect from 6 March 2013, 12 strokes of the cane and a
$30,000 fine (in default, 3 weeks’ imprisonment).

* * *

[note: 1]DAC 32997-2012.

[note: 2]DAC 30189-2012, DAC 31095-2012, DAC 31098-2012, and DAC 32996-2012.

[note: 3]DAC 32997-2012.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Aug 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

