Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Teo Rong Zhi Saimonn _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2013] SGHC 185

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 264 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 September 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Peter Ong Lip Cheng (Peter Ong & Raymond Tan) for the
appellant; April Phang (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent;
Margaret Joan Ling (Allen & Gledhill LLP) as amicus curiae  
Parties| :|  Teo Rong Zhi Saimonn — Public Prosecutor  
  
23 September 2013|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The appellant claimed trial and was convicted on 19 October 2012 by the
District Judge (“the DJ”) on the following charge:

You … are charged that you, between the period 25.3.2011 to 20.5.2011 in
Singapore, being the person in-charge of motor car No. SGE 6666 E (now
registered as SKB 7012 D), did permit one Lee Han Keat to use the said motor
car when there was not in force in relation to the user of the said vehicle
such a policy of insurance in respect of third party risks as complies with
the requirement of the Motor Vehicles (Third Party Risks and Compensation)
Act, Chapter 189 and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 3(1)
and punishable under Section 3(2) of the said Act, Chapter 189.

The DJ sentenced the appellant to a $600 fine (in default three days’
imprisonment) and 12 months’ disqualification from the date of conviction from
holding or obtaining a driving licence for all classes of vehicles. The fine
was paid. The appellant appealed against conviction but not against the
sentence imposed.

2 During the appeal, in the course of arguments, I amended the charge to “when
there was not in force in relation to the _use_ of the said vehicle …”
(instead of “user”). This was to accord with the statutory language. There
were no objections to this amendment.

3 I dismissed the appeal against conviction. I now set out the reasons for my
decision.

Facts

4 In early 2011, the appellant purchased vehicle registration number SGE 6666
E (“the Registration Number”). The appellant then purchased a Toyota Corona
(“the Vehicle”) for about $3,000 and registered it in the name of his wife on
5 March 2011 in order to benefit from lower insurance premiums. The appellant
had sole control of the Vehicle. The appellant purchased the Vehicle for the
sole purpose of retaining the Registration Number with a view to the eventual
sale of the Registration Number. At the time of purchase, the Vehicle’s
certificate of entitlement was only valid for about another six months.

5 The appellant purchased an insurance policy (“the Policy”) for the Vehicle
from Liberty Insurance Pte Ltd (“Liberty Insurance”). The policy came into
force on 5 March 2011 and was to expire on 4 March 2012. The material terms of
the Certificate of Insurance are as follows:

6\. Persons or Classes of Persons entitled to drive:

A) The Policyholder.

B) Any other person who is driving on the Policyholder’s order or with his
permission.

…

7\. Limitations as to use:

Use only for social, domestic and pleasure purposes and for the Policyholder’s
business.

8\. The Policy does not cover:

A) **Use for hire or reward.**

B) Use for racing, pace-marking, reliability trials or speed-testing.

…

[emphasis added; footnotes in original omitted]

6 Although the appellant initially left the Vehicle in a car park without any
intention to rent it to others, he subsequently decided to rent it out to
recoup some of the costs of purchase. The appellant therefore placed an
advertisement on the Internet.

7 The advertisement was seen by one Lee Han Keat (“Lee”). Pursuant to a car
rental agreement dated 24 March 2011 (“the Rental Agreement”), Lee rented the
Vehicle from 25 March to 25 August 2011 at a fee of $800 per month with an
initial deposit of $200. The Rental Agreement was signed by the appellant’s
wife and Lee. However, the Rental Agreement was drafted by the appellant who
met Lee in order to obtain his signature. Lee did not meet or speak to the
appellant’s wife at any time.

8 Lee used the Vehicle from 25 March to 20 May 2011 (“the material time”). On
21 May 2011, Lee was imprisoned. When Lee failed to pay the rental fee for May
2011, the appellant made enquiries and discovered that Lee had been detained
by the Central Narcotics Bureau. The appellant also discovered that several
parking summonses had been issued against the Vehicle. The appellant therefore
lodged a police report dated 1 June 2011 (“the Police Report”), which stated
that he would not be responsible for the Vehicle during the period when it was
rented to Lee.

9 On 14 July 2011, Liberty Insurance cancelled the Policy. Liberty Insurance
did not have any record of the Certificate of Insurance having been
surrendered to it. As a result of the above events, investigations were
carried out. These led to criminal proceedings being initiated against the
appellant, culminating in his conviction on the Charge on 19 October 2012.

The decision below

10 The DJ had to consider two issues. The first issue was whether the
appellant could be said to have permitted Lee to use the Vehicle when he was
not the registered owner. The second was whether the Vehicle was insured when
it was used by Lee at the material time.

11 With regard to the first issue, the DJ held that the offence under s 3 of
the Motor Vehicles (Third Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”) would be made out as long as it was established that the
accused was in charge of the Vehicle and was in a position to forbid the other
person from using the Vehicle. It was undisputed that the appellant was in
charge of the Vehicle at the material time. The appellant did not appeal
against this aspect of the DJ’s decision. In any case, I agree with the
reasoning of the DJ on this issue.

12 On the second issue, the DJ held that the use of Vehicle by Lee at the
material time was not covered by the terms stated in the certificate of
insurance. The policy explicitly stated that it would not cover the use of the
Vehicle for hire or reward and it was not in dispute that the Vehicle had been
rented to Lee. It was also immaterial that the appellant was in possession of
the original Certificate of Insurance or that there was no evidence that the
Policy had been repudiated.

The issue raised on appeal

13 Accordingly the only issue that arose for my consideration was whether an
insurance policy which complied with s 3 of the Act (which mandates insurance
in respect of third-party risks) was in force in relation to the use of the
Vehicle by Lee at the material time.

The respective arguments

14 The appellant argued that the Policy complied with s 3 of the Act. The
appellant relied on two intermediate propositions to establish this argument:
firstly, insurers had the duty to satisfy judgments against insured persons
under s 9 of the Act; secondly, Liberty Insurance had not repudiated the
Policy in accordance with the Act.

15 The respondent took the position that the Policy did not comply with s 3 of
the Act. The Policy did not cover the use of the Vehicle by Lee; therefore, it
was irrelevant that the Policy was in force when Lee was using the Vehicle at
the material time. Additionally, it was also irrelevant that the Policy had
not been repudiated in accordance with s 9 of the Act.

16 An _amicus curiae_ , Ms Margaret Joan Ling, was appointed pursuant to the
Young _Amicus Curiae_ scheme. The _amicus curiae_ made various submissions.
First, s 3(1) of the Act had a dual purpose of both compensation for third
parties and deterrence. Secondly, a certificate of insurance is only evidence
of, and is not equivalent to, a policy of insurance. Thirdly, ss 8 and 9 of
the Act would not result in an insurer being liable to a third party in
respect of a liability not covered by the policy (except for certain
enumerated categories as set out in s 8(1) of the Act).

The law

17 S 3 of the Act provides:

Users of motor vehicles to be insured against third-party risks

3\. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any
person to use or to cause or permit any other person to use —

(_a_) a motor vehicle in Singapore; or

(_b_) a motor vehicle which is registered in Singapore in any territory
specified in the Schedule,

unless there is in force in relation to the use of the motor vehicle by that
person or that other person, as the case may be, such a policy of insurance or
such a security in respect of third-party risks as complies with the
requirements of this Act.

(2) If a person acts in contravention of this section, he shall be guilty of
an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $1,000 or
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 months or to both.

(3) A person convicted of an offence under this section shall (unless the
court for special reasons thinks fit to order otherwise and without prejudice
to the power of the court to order a longer period of disqualification) be
disqualified for holding or obtaining a driving licence under the Road Traffic
Act (Cap. 276) for a period of 12 months from the date of the conviction.

…

18 In _Stewart Ashley James v Public Prosecutor_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 106, Yong
Pung How CJ succinctly pointed out (at [17]) the policy considerations behind
the Act:

… Section 3(2) is primarily concerned with ensuring that persons using the
roads take adequate steps to ensure that compensation would be available to
persons involved in accidents with them. A contravention of s 3(1) is a
serious offence. … Nonetheless it is clear that a strict prophylactic approach
is necessary to ensure that there is adequate provision for compensation.

The objectives behind the Act are thus twofold: firstly, to ensure that
parties involved in collisions with motorists are adequately compensated; and
secondly, to deter motorists from failing to take the necessary steps to
ensure that such compensation is available.

19 The appellant placed special reliance on ss 9(1) and 9(3)(_c_) of the Act.
I set out both provisions below:

Duty of insurers to satisfy judgments against persons insured in respect of
third-party risks

9.—(1) If after a certificate of insurance has been issued under section 4(9)
to the person by whom a policy has been effected judgment in respect of any
such liability as is required to be covered by a policy under section 4(1)(b)
(**being a liability covered by the terms of the policy**) is obtained against
any person insured by the policy then, notwithstanding that the insurer **may
be entitled to avoid or cancel or may have avoided or cancelled the policy** ,
the insurer shall, subject to this section, pay to the Public Trustee as
trustee for the persons entitled thereto —

(_a_) any sum payable thereunder in respect of the liability including any
amount payable in respect of costs; and

(_b_) any sum payable in respect of interest on that sum by virtue of any
written law relating to interest on judgments.

…

(3) No sum shall be payable by an insurer under subsections (1) and (2) —

…

(_c_) in connection with any liability if before the happening of the event
which was the cause of the death or bodily injury giving rise to the liability
the policy was cancelled by mutual consent or by virtue of any provision
contained therein and either —

(i) before the happening of that event the certificate was surrendered to the
insurer or the person to whom the certificate was issued made a statutory
declaration stating that the certificate had been lost or destroyed;

(ii) after the happening of that event but before the expiration of a period
of 14 days from the taking effect of the cancellation of the policy the
certificate was surrendered to the insurer or the person to whom the
certificate was issued made such a statutory declaration as aforesaid; or

(iii) before or after the happening of that event but within the period of 14
days the insurer commenced proceedings under this Act in respect of the
failure to surrender the certificate.

[emphasis added]

20 It was common ground that the policy had not been cancelled in accordance
with s 9(3)(_c_) of the Act. To reiterate, the appellant argued that where
insurers fail to comply with s 9(3)(_c_) of the Act, they remain liable in
respect of third-party risks under the policy due to the operation of s 9(1).
There was therefore in force an insurance policy within the meaning of s 3(1)
of the Act. The appellant cited the cases of _Lim Cheng Wai v Public
Prosecutor_ [1988] 2 SLR(R) 123 (“ _Lim Cheng Wai_ ”) and _Tan Tok Nam v Pan
Global Insurance Sdn Bhd_ [2002] 3 MLJ 742 as authorities for this
proposition.

21 The statutory language of s 9(1) of the Act indicates that the subsection
only applies to a “liability covered by the terms of the policy”. If a policy
does not cover a certain mode of use, then any liability incurred during that
mode of use would not be covered by the terms of the policy. The Policy in
question here explicitly stated that it did not cover the use of the Vehicle
for hire or reward.

22 S 9(1) states that an insurer shall remain liable notwithstanding that it
“may be entitled to avoid or cancel or may have avoided or cancelled the
policy”. There is nothing to avoid or cancel if the policy does not cover
certain prescribed modes of use in the first place. The reference to “avoid or
cancel” refers to situations where the policy is voidable at the option of the
insurers (for instance, on the ground of misrepresentation) or where the
policy is liable to be terminated for repudiatory breach (for instance, where
premiums are not paid). This is supported by _Lim Cheng Wai_ , where Wee Chong
Jin CJ held (at [11]) that:

Secondly, **if upon its true construction, the policy covers the use of the
vehicle in question** , the policy may yet be voidable at the option of the
insurers, eg on the ground of misrepresentation. However, such a policy will
remain a policy in force unless the policy had in fact been avoided in
accordance with s 9(4) of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and
Compensation) Act: see, for example Durrant v MacLaren [1956] 2 Lloyd's Rep
70. [emphasis added]

23 I turn next to s 8(1) of the Act, which stipulates that certain categories
of restrictions on the scope of a policy shall be of no effect:

Avoidance of restrictions on scope of policies covering third-party risks

8.—(1) Where a certificate of insurance has been issued under section 4(9) to
the person by whom a policy has been effected, so much of the policy as
purports to restrict the insurance of the persons insured thereby by reference
to any of the following matters:

(_a_) the age or physical or mental condition of persons driving the vehicle;

(_b_) the condition of the vehicle;

(_c_) the number of persons that the vehicle carries;

(_d_) the weight or physical characteristics of the goods that the vehicle
carries;

(_e_) the times at which or the areas within which the vehicle is used;

(_f_) the horse-power or value of the vehicle;

(_g_) the carrying on the vehicle of any particular apparatus; or

(_h_) the carrying on the vehicle of any particular means of identification
other than any means of identification required to be carried by or under the
Road Traffic Act (Cap. 276),

shall as respects such liabilities as are required to be covered by a policy
under section 4(1)(b) be of no effect.

The categories are exhaustive and relate mostly to vehicular characteristics.
In particular, s 8(1) does not apply to clauses which limit the mode of use,
such as the “hire or reward” clause in the Policy.

24 The net result was that s 9(1) of the Act did not apply. Liberty Insurance
would not have been liable for third-party risks had the Vehicle been used for
hire or reward. The act of renting out a vehicle for monetary consideration
comes within the ordinary meaning of the phrase “hire or reward”. The Vehicle,
when used by Lee during the material period, was not insured for third-party
risks within the meaning of s 3(1) of the Act and the appellant therefore
committed an offence.

25 Assuming that s 9(1) did apply, a more fundamental point remains: a third
party would only be able to claim due to statutory intervention and would not
be able to do so based solely on the contract between the insurer and the
insured. In other words, the presence of a statutory ameliorative measure in
the form of s 9(1) does not, in any way, affect the position under s 3(1). For
the purposes of criminal liability under s 3(1) of the Act, the operation of s
9(1) of the same must be disregarded (that is, the liability of the insurer
under the insurance policy only must be considered). This proposition is
supported by _Er Kee Jeng v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 485 (“ _Er Kee
Jeng_ ”), where Yong Pung How CJ held (at [50]) that:

Motorists ought not to be able to rely on their insurer's continued liability
under s 9 to avoid liability under s 3(1).

26 This separation between ss 3(1) and 9(1) is further buttressed by policy
considerations. In _Public Prosecutor v Lee Hong Hwee_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 39,
Yong CJ held (at [31]) that:

The preamble to the [Act] reads:

An Act to provide against third-party risks arising out of the use of motor
vehicles and for the payment of compensation in respect of death or bodily
injury arising out of the use of motor vehicles and for matters incidental
thereto.

The very _raison d'etre_ of mandatory insurance under the [Act] is to protect
third-party road users, **not the insured driver**. There was no question here
of the respondent benefiting from his own wrong.

[emphasis added]

S 9(1) of the Act is an ameliorative measure meant to protect _third-party
road users_ by ensuring that third parties are compensated even if there are
issues between the insurer and the insured which could potentially lead to
avoidance and/or cancellation of the policy on the insurer’s part. An insured
driver cannot use the ameliorative effect of s 9(1) to _his_ advantage and
claim that the requirements of s 3(1) of the Act have been thereby fulfilled.

27 This also harks back to the objective of deterrence (see [18] above).
Adding to the previous discussion, in _Er Kee Jeng_ , Yong CJ opined (at [39])
that:

Specifically, s 3(1) was enacted not only to ensure that victims of traffic
accidents are not left without any compensation where the motorist is unable
to satisfy judgment, **but also to deter irresponsible motorists from driving
without the appropriate insurance coverage** : _Chandara Sagaran s/o Rengayah
v PP_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 79 at [11]. These dual aims of compensation and
**deterrence would be defeated if motorists were permitted to rely on s 9 to
avoid criminal liability under s 3(1).** [emphasis added]

I agree. It would be repugnant to the legislative intention of the Act if
motorists do not face the criminal consequences of driving without appropriate
insurance coverage. This is especially so as lower premiums may be charged to
reflect the fact that a vehicle will only be used for social, domestic and
pleasure purposes and for the insured’s business and not for hire or reward,
as was the case for the Policy here.

Conclusion

28 I therefore dismissed the appeal against conviction. By renting out the
Vehicle, an activity not covered by the Policy, the appellant did not comply
with the requirements of the Act and committed an offence under s 3(1) of the
same.

29 I thank all parties for their comprehensive written submissions. In
particular, I thank Ms Margaret Joan Ling for volunteering her service to the
court as _amicus curiae._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Sep 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

