Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  _Re_ Singapore Symphonia Co Ltd & others  
[2013] SGHC 261

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 786 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 November 2013  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andrew Chan and Goh Zhuo Neng (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the applicants.  
Parties| :|  Re Singapore Symphonia Co Ltd & others  
  
26 November 2013|  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

1 The applicants sought declarations in the following terms:

(a) that the fourth applicant (“the Tote Board”), which is the named settlor
under a trust deed dated 28 May 1989 (“the Trust Deed”) made between the Tote
Board and Goh Keng Swee, Edmund William Barker, Tan Boon Teik and Koh Beng
Seng (being the original trustees of the Trust (as defined below)) to
constitute the Singapore Totalisator Board Trust (“the Trust”), and which has
paid an aggregate sum of $25m into the Trust, is a beneficiary under the terms
of the Trust; and

(b) that the only beneficiaries of the Trust are the first applicant (“the
SSO”) and the Tote Board.

2 On 15 November 2013, I heard the matter and granted the declarations sought.
For reasons which will be apparent I now issue grounds for my decision.

3 The SSO is a company which at present runs the Singapore Symphony Orchestra.
The second and third applicants are the only current trustees of the Trust.
The Trust was constituted by way of the Trust Deed on 28 May 1989 and under
the terms thereof the Tote Board settled a capital sum of $25m on the Trust,
the income on which was to be distributed from time to time to the SSO,
subject only to the proviso that any loss or shortfall to the capital sum had
to be made good before income could be paid out. The Trust was stated to be
effective from 28 May 1989 to the end of the 21st year from the death of the
last surviving of the four original trustees named in the Trust Deed. At the
end of this time or in the event that the Trust became incapable of
performance, the capital sum was to revert to the settlor, the Tote Board. As
one of the original named trustees is alive and well, the Trust remains
effective to this day.

4 The reason for this application is thus. During the period of the financial
crisis around 2008, the value of the Trust fell below $25m. The trustees thus
could not pay out any income and the SSO, which had budgeted for such income,
was therefore put into deficit. In early 2009, it wrote to the Tote Board
seeking a top-up of the capital sum. The Tote Board refused but eventually
agreed instead to donate all the moneys standing in the Trust to the SSO’s own
endowment fund. Unfortunately, there were no provisions in the Trust Deed
permitting the premature dissolution of the Trust. The solution hit upon was
for the beneficiaries of the Trust to terminate the Trust under the rule in
_Saunders v Vautier_ (1841) Cr & Ph 240; 41 ER 482, and then to direct the
trustees to pay the trust property into the SSO’s endowment fund. It is trite
that the beneficiaries of the trust, if together entitled to the whole
beneficial interest, can if _sui juris_ put an end to the trust and direct the
trustees to hand over the trust property as they direct: see _Snell’s Equity_
(John McGhee gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2005) at p 652. The applicants
thereupon entered into a deed of agreement dated 20 August 2013 to give effect
to this purpose; but the parties’ agreement was stated as subject to the court
declaring that the Tote Board and the SSO were the only beneficiaries of the
Trust, which necessitated the present application.

5 On scrutinising the Trust Deed I could not see any other person entitled to
claim any interest in the trust property. Furthermore, it was a fixed trust
and not one in which there was a possibility that more beneficiaries could be
added, or that discretion could be exercised in anyone’s favour. I therefore
had no trouble with finding that the SSO, which has an interest in the income
on the capital sum for the duration of the Trust, and the Tote Board, which
has the reversionary interest in the capital sum, were the only two
beneficiaries of the Trust and therefore entitled under the rule in _Saunders
v Vautier_ to call in and dispose of the trust property, and for that reason
granted the declarations sought. The SSO, as the recipient of a gift of trust
funds, was undoubtedly a beneficiary. It was clear also that the Tote Board
was in substance a beneficiary of the Trust notwithstanding that it was not
explicitly labelled as such in the Trust Deed.

6 Representatives of the Singapore Dance Theatre (“SDT”) and the Singapore
Chinese Orchestra (“SCO”) also filed affidavits seeking leave for their
respective counsel to assist the court as _amici curiae_. It seems that the
SDT and SCO have made or are making similar arrangements with the Tote Board
in relation to trusts that have been established by the Tote Board for their
benefit under much the same terms as the Trust. They were therefore interested
in whether their respective trusts could be dissolved in the same way and the
funds therein applied to their own endowment funds. I have therefore issued
these grounds so that they or any other persons in a similar position may be
spared the expense of an application to court.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Nov 2013 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

