Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  RBC Properties Pte Ltd _v_ Defu Furniture Pte Ltd  
[2014] SGCA 62

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 19 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 December 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Goh Yihan (instructed) and Nicholas Narayanan (Nicholas &
Tan Partnership LLP) for the appellant; Kirindeep Singh, June Hong and Edwin
Chua (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  RBC Properties Pte Ltd — Defu Furniture Pte Ltd  
  
17 December 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 In deciding any given case, it is axiomatic that the court concerned must
apply the law to the relevant facts. Whilst the law to be applied is objective
and universal, the facts that the law is applied to are varied and specific.
Unsurprisingly, therefore, the decision or result of a case is heavily
dependent (in the final analysis) on the specific facts concerned.

2 That this is so is demonstrated in no uncertain terms by the main issue that
has to be decided in this appeal, which concerns the respondent lessee’s (Defu
Furniture Pte Ltd, hereinafter known as “the Respondent”) claim to rescind a
lease entered into with the appellant lessor (RBC Properties Pte Ltd,
hereinafter known as “the Appellant”) on the grounds of misrepresentation. The
lease was in respect of the first storey of an industrial building (“the
Premises”) and its sole permitted use under the lease was as a furniture
showroom. The misrepresentation complained of was the Appellant’s assurance
that all necessary approvals had been obtained for the Premises to be used as
a furniture showroom, which, it is argued, was never the case because the
Singapore Land Authority (“the SLA”), acting on behalf of the State, had not
in fact given its approval for the premises to be so used. Such a
misrepresentation would, of itself, entitle the Respondent to rescind the
lease. However, the Respondent claims that it is further entitled, under s
2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the
Misrepresentation Act”, the provision is hereinafter simply referred to as “s
2(1)”), to damages for losses suffered, because the Appellant did not have
(within the meaning of s 2(1)) any reasonable ground to believe that all
necessary approvals for the use of the premises as a furniture showroom had
been obtained, and was therefore liable _as if_ the misrepresentation had been
made fraudulently.

3 In the court below, the High Court Judge (“the Judge”) held that the
Appellant did in fact make a misrepresentation to the Respondent in the terms
complained of, and (more importantly) that such a misrepresentation fell
within the ambit of s 2(1) as the Appellant did not have any reasonable ground
to believe that the facts it had represented to the Respondent were true (see
_Defu Furniture Pte Ltd v RBC Properties Pte Ltd_ [2014] SGHC 1 (“the
Judgment”)). The Appellant has appealed, _inter alia_ , against this
particular finding.

4 On the correct and holistic appreciation of all the facts that are before
us, we do not entertain any serious doubt whatsoever that the Appellant did
make a misrepresentation to the Respondent, who relied on that
misrepresentation in entering into the lease and thereby suffered loss.
Accordingly, we are of the view that the Respondent is entitled to rescind the
lease, which is an equitable remedy that generally applies to all forms of
misrepresentation, whether the claim is mounted under the Misrepresentation
Act or at common law. The crux of the appeal before us (which formed the main
thrust of the Appellant’s case) is the closely related (and indeed, crucial)
issue: can the Appellant avail itself of the statutory defence in s 2(1),
_viz_ , that it had reasonable ground to believe, and did believe up to the
time the lease was entered into, that the facts it had represented were true?
If so, the misrepresentation would be wholly innocent as the presumption in s
2(1) would be defeated, and whilst the Respondent would still be entitled to
the rescission of the lease and an indemnity for obligations it had taken on
under the lease, it would not, under that self-same provision, be entitled to
damages as if the misrepresentation had been made fraudulently. As we shall
see, the determination of this particular issue is clearly fact-centric and
therefore requires a nuanced and contextual consideration of all the relevant
facts.

5 Whilst this issue constitutes the crux of the present appeal, it is by no
means the only issue before us. Indeed, it is important at this juncture to
note that there is another – and no less important – issue which was also
raised in the court below, _viz_ , whether or not the Appellant was (in the
_alternative_) liable to the Respondent for _breach of contract_. The Judge
declined to render a decision on this particular issue in light of his
decision in favour of the Respondent with regard to s 2(1) (see also below at
[43] and [133]), and the primary focus of the parties’ submissions to this
court was (not surprisingly) therefore also on s 2(1). However, as we were of
the view that this was also an important issue, we invited counsel for the
parties to elaborate upon it further during oral submissions before this court
– not least because if this court is of the view that the Appellant is not
liable under s 2(1), that would not be the end of the matter inasmuch as it
could still be potentially liable for breach of contract.

6 Nevertheless, given the focus by the parties on s 2(1), we will deal with
their (rather comprehensive) arguments in this particular regard first before
proceeding to consider the issue relating to breach of contract. Before we
turn to a discussion of these various issues, it might be apposite first to
set out briefly both the factual background as well as the decision of the
trial court.

Background facts

7 The Appellant is the sub-lessee of a five-storey industrial building located
at 11, Bedok North Avenue 4, known as the Richland Business Centre (“the
Property”). The Property was originally developed in 2006 by a company known
as RLG Development Pte Ltd (“RLG”), a sister company to the Appellant.
Pursuant to a building agreement dated 16 August 2006 (“the Building
Agreement”), RLG leased the plot of land at Bedok North Avenue 4 under a
30-year lease from the President of the Republic of Singapore (in effect, the
State). RLG undertook to develop the land in accordance with the relevant
conditions of tender and, in particular, to develop it in accordance with its
zoning status.

8 At that time, the relevant zoning provisions were those expressed in the
Urban Redevelopment Authority’s (“the URA”) Master Plan Written Statement 2003
(“the Master Plan 2003”). Under the Master Plan 2003, that plot of land was
zoned for Business 2 use (“B2 use”), which meant that it could only be used
for clean industry, light industry, general industry, warehouse, public
utilities and telecommunication uses and other public installations. The
Master Plan 2003 also permitted “ancillary uses”, but restricted such uses to
“40% of the total floor area”, and further stipulated that “the types of B2
and ancillary uses that may be allowed are subject to the evaluation of the
competent authority and other relevant authorities”.

9 It is not disputed that from the very beginning of the development process,
RLG’s intention was to utilise the Premises as a showroom. It drafted plans to
this effect and on 5 October 2006, obtained provisional permission from the
URA for its development plans (“the Provisional Permission”). This was
followed, on 24 April 2007, by written planning permission from the URA to
erect a “5 storey single-user light industrial development comprising showroom
at 1st storey and warehouse from 2nd to 4th storey and ancillary office at 5th
storey” (“the Written Permission”). It is not disputed that the Written
Permission amounted to the URA’s approval for the Premises to be used as an
ancillary showroom. The URA’s prevailing guidelines also stipulated a minimum
size for the showroom and that the showroom was not be used for retail sales
such as cash and carry transactions, but only for the display of items (such
as furniture) which could then be ordered and delivered separately. On this
basis, RLG began construction of the Property, which was completed in 2008.

10 Following the completion of the Property, RLG entered into a lease numbered
26784 with the President of Singapore as lessor on 22 August 2008 (“the State
Lease”). The essential terms were that, in consideration for the sum of $5.118
million paid by way of premium, the State leased to RLG the plot of land at
Bedok North Avenue 4, with all buildings erected thereon for 30 years from 16
August 2006. Clause 1(i) of the State Lease provides that RLG was to develop
the land at its cost and expense:

… in accordance with the Building Agreement dated the 16th day of August 2006
made between the Lessor and the Lessee and also in accordance with the plans
approved or to be approved by the Competent Authority under the Planning Act
(Cap 232) and all relevant Competent Authorities.

It is not disputed that the “Competent Authority” under the Planning Act (Cap
232, 1998 Rev Ed) (“the Planning Act”) referenced in this clause was the URA.

11 In so far as restrictions on use are concerned, the relevant clause is
clause 2 of the State Lease which reads as follows:

2\. And it is hereby agreed between the Lessor and the Lessee as follows: -

(i)The said development on the said land –

(a)may be for any use or uses that may be permitted by the Competent Authority
under the Planning Act (Cap. 232) for a ‘Business 2’ zoning in accordance with
the Master Plan Written Statement;

(b)shall have a total gross plot ratio not exceeding 2.0 (“maximum GPR”) but
not less than 1.6.

(ii)The provisions of sub-clause (i) shall apply unless a variation or change
thereof is approved in writing by the Lessor, which approval may be given
subject to such terms and conditions as the Lessor may impose and provided
that if such variation or change will in the opinion of the Lessor result in
an enhancement of the value of the said land the Lessee shall pay the Lessor
within such time as may be specified by way of differential premium such
amount as the Lessor may determine as the amount representing the enhanced
value of the said land.

(iii)For the purpose of sub-clause (ii) of this Clause, the enhanced value of
the said land shall be determined by the Lessor with reference to the date of
the grant of Provisional Permission by the Competent Authority under the
Planning Act (Cap. 232) for the variation or change to sub-clause (i) that
requires the Lessor’s approval.

(iv)No work or development in respect of any variation or change to the
provisions of sub-clause (i) that requires the Lessor’s approval may be
effected, implemented or carried out unless the prior approval in writing of
the Lessor in respect thereof is obtained and all the terms and conditions
subject to which such prior approval is given are complied with any amount of
differential premium payable under this Clause is paid to the Lessor.

12 On 24 April 2008, RLG granted the Appellant a lease of the Property for a
term of 10 years and 4 months (“the Head Lease”). The Head Lease subjected the
Appellant to the obligations of RLG under the Building Agreement and the State
Lease. The Appellant also had to ensure that any sub-tenants complied with all
the terms of those agreements. Under clause D7.1 of the Head Lease, the
permitted uses of the Property were restricted as follows:

_Permitted Use_

D7.1 Unless prior approval of the relevant competent authorities have been
obtained, the Tenant shall at all times use the [Premises[ strictly and only
as in compliance with the [State Lease] and with the use or uses permitted by
the planning authority for a ‘Business 2’ zoning in accordance with the
[Master Plan 2003] which shall include but not limited to warehouse and
workshop for containers, vehicles and machinery repair and refurbishment only
subject to the Tenant obtaining all necessary approvals and licenses (if any)
from the relevant authorities at the Tenant’s own cost and absolute
responsibility…

13 On 16 September 2008, RLG assigned its interest in the Property to a
company known as AMB Changi South DC1 Pte Ltd (“AMB”). AMB therefore stepped
into RLG’s shoes as the lessee under the State Lease, and as the lessor under
the Head Lease. AMB was subsequently re-named Prologis Changi South 1 Pte Ltd
(“Prologis”).

14 In 2010 the Appellant decided to rent out the Premises as a showroom, as
was originally envisaged in the plans. A potential lessee who was interested
in leasing the Premises for use as a furniture and furnishings showroom was
found. Accordingly, Mr Siebren Kamphorst (“Mr Kamphorst”), a commercial
executive working for the Appellant, wrote to the URA on 8 April 2010 to ask
if the Premises were approved for use as a showroom. The Judge found, and the
Respondent does not dispute, that the URA replied in the affirmative. Pursuant
to the Head Lease, the Appellant also wrote to AMB to seek its permission to
sub-lease the Premises for use as a showroom. AMB responded that it had no
objections in principle for the Premises to be leased for such use, provided
that any approvals required from the authorities were obtained. In the event,
the proposed lease fell through and the Premises were again advertised for
lease in late 2010.

15 In early 2011, the Respondent, which was also a furniture seller,
approached the Appellant with a view to leasing the Premises for use as a
furniture showroom. The Respondent’s owners, Mr Lim Thiam Soon (“Mr Lim Sr”)
and Mr Allen Lim (“Mr Lim Jr”) (collectively, “the Lims”), viewed the premises
in January of that year, accompanied by Mr Kamphorst. The Lims claimed that Mr
Kamphorst was asked whether there were restrictions on the use of Premises as
a showroom and that he confirmed that whilst no retail sales could take place,
all necessary approvals had been obtained for the use of the Premises as an
ancillary showroom. The Lims also alleged that Mr Kamphorst had pointed to the
floor-to-ceiling glass panels around the Premises as evidence that they had
been installed for showroom purposes.

16 The Lims made a second visit to the Premises in early February 2011. Again
they asked whether it could be used as a showroom and received Mr Kamphorst’s
assurance that it could be so used as long as no retail sales were carried
out, in accordance with the URA guidelines on ancillary uses of B2 zoned
industrial land. He then gave the Lims a copy of the URA’s Written Permission
and also pointed to the schematic plan of the Premises which specified its
showroom use.

17 We pause at this juncture to note, parenthetically, that the Appellant’s
case on appeal is that at this point all that Mr Kamphorst said was that he
was not sure if there were any other government or regulatory approvals
required for the Respondent to use the premises as a furniture showroom. The
Respondent’s case is that the Lims were specifically told that the URA had
given its approval and that no other approval was necessary.

18 On 16 February 2011, the Respondent signed and returned a letter of (“the
Letter of Offer”), by which it offered to lease the Premises. The permitted
use was expressed under clause 1.3 of the Letter of Offer as “Ancillary
Showroom for furniture and furniture accessories (Subject to URA and NEA and
any other relevant authorities’ approval)”. The handover date was 1 April 2011
and the lease was for 60 months from 1 June 2011, at a monthly rental of $1.75
per square foot (“psf”) for 39,500 square feet of floor area.

19 The Appellant accepted the Letter of Offer on 18 February 2011 and
accordingly, the parties entered into a lease agreement dated 11 March 2011
(“the Lease”). Clause 3.14.2 of the Lease set out the permitted use of the
Premises:

3.14.2 Not to use or permit the use of the [Premises] or any part thereof:-

(a)otherwise than for the purpose(s) and in accordance with the provisions of
**Schedule 4** ;

(b)for any purpose otherwise than in accordance with the permitted use
approved by the relevant government authorities; and

(c)for the purpose(s) specified in **Schedule 4** , until and unless all
necessary approvals, consents, licences and permits shall have been obtained
by the Tenant from the relevant government authorities and such approvals,
consents, licences and permits remain valid and subsisting.

[emphasis in bold in original]

20 Schedule 4 reads as follows:

The [Premises] shall not be used for any purpose other than as a Showroom for
furniture and furniture accessories under the trade name of Defu Furniture Pte
Ltd only or such name as may be approved by the Landlord and in accordance
with the guidelines of all other relevant authorities.

21 The Lease also contained an indemnity clause which reads as follows:

3.19The Tenant shall occupy, use and keep the [Premises] at the risk of the
Tenant and shall indemnify and hold harmless the Landlord from and against all
actions, claims, demands, losses, costs and expenses for which the Landlord
shall or may suffer or become liable for in connection with:

…

(c)any breach or non-compliance with any provision of this Lease by the Tenant

22 The Respondent was given a two-month rent-free period in April and May 2011
for the purpose of fitting out the Premises. Accordingly, the Respondent took
possession of the Premises on 1 April 2011 and commenced fitting it out.

23 The first sign of trouble emerged three weeks later. On 21 April 2011, the
SLA wrote to AMB in relation to a proposed racking system to be installed on
the 2nd floor of the building by another of the Appellant’s tenants, DHL
Supply Chain Singapore Pte Ltd (“DHL”). The URA had granted written planning
permission for the racking system on 30 March 2011, which permission had come
to the notice of the SLA. The SLA took the view that under clause 2(i) of the
State Lease, the racking system would create additional industrial gross floor
area of 765.31 square metres, an addition which was inconsistent with the pre-
existing approved use of the building under the terms of the State Lease.
Accordingly the SLA said it was entitled under clause 2(ii) of the State Lease
to charge a differential premium for that enhanced value.

24 The racking system was completely unrelated to the Respondent’s proposed
use of the ground floor as a furniture showroom. However, it appears from the
letter of 21 April 2011 that the SLA further took the view that the Written
Permission obtained by RLG on 24 April 2007 – almost four years previously –
for the Premises to be used as a showroom (see above at [9]) _also_
constituted a change in use within the meaning of clauses 2(i) and (ii) of the
State Lease, for which the SLA’s approval and the attendant payment of a
differential premium for the enhancement in land value were required. The
reason advanced by the SLA at paragraph 4 of its letter of 21 April 2011 was
that this involved “change of use of 3,436.6 sqm of GFA from industrial use
(Group D) to _commercial showroom_ use (Group A)” [emphasis added]. The
enhancement in value – for both DHL’s racking system and the “change of use”
as a showroom – was accordingly priced at S$2,820,935, or S$2,964,894.53
including fees and GST, which had to be paid in return for the SLA lifting the
restrictions on use under the State Lease.

25 AMB received the letter on 26 April 2011 but neither the Appellant nor the
Respondent was notified immediately; fitting out work continued apace. It was
not until 27 May 2011 that Mr Kamphorst of the Appellant was informed. It
appears that the SLA’s use of the words “commercial showroom” confused AMB,
because after it received the letter AMB contacted SLA and formed the view
that the differential premium would only need to be paid if the Premises were
used as a “commercial showroom” (as stated in the SLA’s letter), but not if
the Premises were used as an “ancillary showroom”. In other words AMB
_misunderstood_ the SLA’s position to mean that whilst approval had been
obtained for use as an “ _ancillary_ showroom”, the SLA’s objection was that
the Premises had _not_ been approved for use as a “ _commercial_ showroom”.
AMB asked Mr Kamphorst to clarify the distinction with the URA, which he did
in the following terms on 27 May 2011:

I wanted to get additional confirmation from URA, that our incoming Tenant, a
furniture company, is permitted to use our level 1 Ancillary Showroom at 11
Bedok North Avenue 4 as a furniture showroom. I want to be very clear that we
are not applying for a Commercial Showroom (no retail sales) and we haven’t
started operations yet. Our tenants may also consider using part of the
showroom as a warehouse to store their displayed items.

There seems to be some confusion as to whether our incoming tenant are
permitted to do so and in accordance with the approved use.

26 The URA’s response was that the premises were approved for use as a
“showroom for display of furniture to prospective customers” and there was no
change of use so long as the premises were used as an ancillary showroom with
no retail element. It is apparent that at this point, Mr Kamphorst was still
under the misapprehension that it was the URA’s planning approval that was at
issue, instead of the SLA’s approval as lessor under clause 2(ii) of the State
Lease. The requirement for the latter’s approval was never in his mind.

27 On 27 May 2011, Mr Kamphorst also informed Mr Lim Jr of the Respondent of
the SLA’s letter. Their correspondence indicates that both continued to hold
the (mistaken) belief that the hold-up was an issue of compliance with the
URA’s planning regulations. In the event, the Respondent did not halt its
fitting out works until 6 June 2011.

28 On 21 June 2011, the SLA wrote again to AMB to particularise the premium it
was charging for the racking system alone instead of adding the premiums for
the two “improvements” (the racking system and the “change of use” as a
showroom) together. The SLA’s letter clarified that the previous letter of
offer of 21 April 2011 had included a differential premium:

… payable for 3,436.6 sqm of GFA for ancillary showroom use (Charged at Group
A commercial rates). Please note that upon accepting this offer dated **_21
June 2011_** there is still an outstanding differential premium sum of
$2,852,171.10 (excluding stamp duties) owed to the State” [emphasis in
original].

29 On 5 July 2011, the SLA sent a further letter to M/s Lee & Lee, the
solicitors acting for AMB (which by now had changed its name to Prologis).
This was the first time that the SLA explained in some detail why it thought
it was entitled to charge a differential premium for the change of use as a
showroom, and the fourth and fifth paragraphs of the aforementioned letter
therefore merit quotation in full:

4\. In this regard, “Business 2” zoning under URA’s Master Plan Written
Statement referred to in Clause 2(i) of the [State Lease] refers to uses such
as clean industry, light industry, general industry, warehouse, public
utilities and telecommunication uses and other public installations. These
uses are classified in _Group D_ under the URA Development Charges Table of
Rates. The ancillary showroom is not a use under Business 2 zoning. It is
classified under _commercial_ GFA (See attached URA’s circular) and falls
under _Group A_ in URA’s Development Charges Table of Rates. As showroom is in
a higher use group, there is an enhancement in land value for which [a
differential premium] of $2,852,171.10 (inclusive of GST and processing fees
but excluding stamp duties) is determined to be payable under Clauses 2(ii)
and (iii) of the [State Lease].

5\. Please note that until such time that the differential premiums are paid,
your clients are in breach of the covenants in the [State Lease]. As such, the
clarification sought in paragraph 7 of your said letter is premature.

[emphasis in original]

30 Despite the SLA’s clarification, Prologis and the Appellant continued to
labour under a misapprehension with regard to the SLA’s position. As the URA
had granted approval for the use of the Premises as a showroom back in 2007
and that letter had been copied to the Commissioner of Lands and the SLA,
Prologis and the Appellant were of the view (as a natural conclusion in those
circumstances) that any objection as to the change of use ought to have been
raised then.

31 The matter was only finally clarified when the SLA wrote to Prologis on 26
July 2011 and again in 22 August 2011. The SLA explained that the use of the
Premises as a showroom was _not_ a use falling under B2 zoning as stated in
clause 2(i) of the State Lease. It was, instead, a variation in use requiring
_both_ the URA’s _and_ the SLA’s approval. RLG had obtained only the URA’s
permission in 2007, as was required under the Planning Act. However, the SLA’s
separate approval was required pursuant to clause 2 of the State Lease as it
stood in the position of the lessor under the State Lease. This separate
approval, which had never been obtained, was contingent on a differential
premium being paid if, in the SLA’s opinion, there was an enhancement in the
value of the land. Thus, as the SLA put it in its letter of 22 August 2011, a
differential premium “will be charged if the Lessee/Assignee has used the
Property in such a way that results in an enhancement of land value … the
grant of URA’s approval _coupled with the actual use of the 1 st storey as a
showroom_ will attract payment of differential premium” [emphasis added].

32 We pause in our recital of the factual background to note that, even
assuming that the SLA’s interpretation of the various provisions was correct,
the SLA’s letters did not explain why the SLA had not imposed a differential
premium _at the time the State Lease was executed in 2008_ , since that had
been entered into _after_ URA had issued both the Provisional Permission and
the Written Permission approving the Premises for use as a showroom, or even
at any point in time since. The words “change in use” imply that a
_subsequent_ change had been made, when in fact the Property had been planned
all along to have a showroom as its first storey. The SLA never explained why
it had not simply charged a higher premium at the very beginning of the
process, when the State Lease was being negotiated. The only relevant evidence
is paragraph 5 of the letter of 26 July 2011, which stated as follows:

From our dealings with other assignees of a State Lease, before any variation
or change is carried out after obtaining approval from URA, as a matter of
prudence, their professional consultants would check with SLA whether there is
any differential premium payable under the Head Lease. _This was not done in
your case._ …

For completeness, we note that there was no evidence before us as to whether
or not this was done by the professional consultants and there is no basis for
us to reach a conclusion either way.

33 After this letter of 26 July 2011, the tenor of the communications changed.
Whether or not Prologis had understood and accepted the SLA’s position in
relation to the State Lease as correct, it was no longer engaged in clarifying
or disputing that point with the SLA. Instead, the focus shifted – first, to
attempt to persuade the SLA to reduce the amount of differential premium
payable; and, second, to get the Appellant either to pay that premium itself
or to pass that cost to the Respondent. The Appellant refused. It wanted
Prologis to pay the premium instead and to indemnify it against any claim by
the Respondent.

34 In September 2011, Prologis and the SLA succeeded in negotiating a
reduction in the differential premium from $2,852,171.10 to $1,358,000
(excluding GST, stamp duty and processing fees payable). The basis of the
reduction was that the change in use would be authorised only over the term of
the Lease entered into between the Appellant and the Respondent. However,
Prologis refused to pay the reduced premium and the Appellant remained adamant
that it would not do so either. Finally on 21 September 2011, the Appellant
suggested a compromise – Prologis would foot the upfront cost of paying the
differential premium, which would be amortised over the term of the Lease.
That monthly sum, which worked out to $22,633, would be passed on to the
Appellant under the terms of the Head Lease, and through the Appellant to the
Respondent under the Lease. This worked out to an extra 57 cents psf per month
over and above the existing rent of $1.75 psf per month.

35 The Respondent refused to pay this extra sum. It commenced the present
proceedings on 14 October 2011, announced its intention to rescind the Lease
and proceeded to reinstate the Premises. The reinstatement works concluded in
December 2011 but the keys were not accepted by the Appellant until 12 March
2012.

The parties’ pleaded cases

36 The Respondent’s primary case in the court below was in misrepresentation.
It claimed that the Appellant had represented to it that it could use the
premises as a showroom without any further approval, and that this
representation was made on four occasions – during each of the two occasions
that the Lims viewed the premises; when the Letter of Offer was signed; and
when the Lease was signed. The Respondent’s case was that this representation
was demonstrably false because the SLA’s further approval for the change in
use was in fact required; and further that the representation was negligently
made because the SLA’s right to charge a differential premium was founded on a
clause in the State Lease that the Appellant could and ought to have checked.
Had the Appellant done so, it would have been alive to the possibility of a
differential premium being charged; and it would not have represented to the
Respondent that no further approvals for the Premises to be used as a showroom
were needed. As the Respondent had relied on this misrepresentation in
entering into the Lease, it was therefore entitled to rescind the Lease; and
further, because the Appellant had no reasonable ground to believe in the
truth of the representation (from the time it made the representation up to
the time the Lease was entered into), the Respondent was also entitled to
claim damages under s 2(1) for the losses suffered. It therefore sought the
following relief:

(a) A declaration that it had validly rescinded the Lease;

(b) A consequent refund of certain payments made to the Appellant being:

(i) Security deposit of $345,625;

(ii) Pre-paid rent of $73,963.75; and

(iii) Double payment of rent of $69,125;

(c) Damages for misrepresentation in the following sums:

(i) Stamp duty of $13,272;

(ii) Cost of fitting out works of $888,685.90;

(iii) Utilities charges for April and May 2011 of $2,70.51;

(iv) Interest on a loan taken for the fitting out works of $78,216.88; and

(v) Reinstatement costs of $85,056

37 The Respondent mounted the following claims in the alternative. The first
was for equitable relief for rescission of the Lease for innocent
misrepresentation and for an indemnity for all losses suffered. The second was
for the Appellant’s alleged repudiatory breach of the Lease by failing to
respond to the Respondent’s requests to continue the fitting out after it was
interrupted by the SLA’s intervention. The third was in unjust enrichment on
the basis of a total failure of consideration. The fourth was that the Lease
was voidable for mistake in equity under the principle laid down in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Solle v Butcher_ [1950] 1 KB 671.

38 The Appellant’s defence at first instance was twofold. First, it denied
that it had made the representation on which the Respondent relied and
maintained that the Letter of Offer and the Lease placed the burden of seeking
all necessary approvals required for using the Premises as a showroom on the
Respondent. The Appellant averred that, in any event, the Respondent could not
reasonably have relied on the representation. Second, and in the alternative,
the Appellant submitted that even if there was a misrepresentation, it had
been made innocently; and, in any case, clause 6.9 of the Lease (“Clause 6.9”)
was effective in excluding liability for any misrepresentation.

39 The Appellant also mounted a counterclaim for breach of contract resulting
from the Respondent’s alleged repudiation of the Lease.

The decision of the court below

40 The Judge found that the Appellant had indeed made the misrepresentation to
the Respondent that had induced the latter to enter into the Lease. This was
for the following three reasons:

(a) The Appellant in fact represented that only the URA’s approval was needed
for use of the Premises as a showroom because that was Mr Kamphorst’s actual
belief in the relevant period _before_ the Lease was entered into; it was not
until 27 May 2011 that he was notified of the SLA’s letter of 21 April 2011.

(b) The Appellant completely failed to understand the distinction between the
URA’s approval in the form of written planning permission for the use of the
Premises as a showroom on the one hand and the SLA’s _separate and
independent_ approval for such use on the other, and that this
misunderstanding persisted even after 27 May 2011.

(c) Finally, the Appellant’s conduct upon realising the true state of events
was exactly as might be expected had it made the misrepresentation claimed by
the Respondent – it repeatedly sought an indemnity from first AMB and later
Prologis for any liability owed to the Respondent.

41 The Judge also rejected the Appellant’s reliance on clauses 1.3 and 6.3 of
the Letter of Offer as placing on the Respondent the burden of obtaining all
the necessary approvals, for four main reasons:

(a) The SLA did not come within the language of clause 1.3, which contemplated
approvals from “relevant authorities”. In this case, the SLA, although a
government authority, was acting in its capacity as the representative of the
lessor (the State) and its right to withhold approval was founded in contract,
_viz_ , clauses 2(i) and (ii) of the State Lease, and not on any regulatory
powers.

(b) Clause 6.3 was an “unhappily worded” clause, whose meaning was not
apparent on its face. But, in any event, any reliance on this clause was
misplaced because it referred to clause 1.3.

(c) The SLA’s approval was never in the minds of the parties at the time they
entered into the Lease and it therefore followed that it could not, as a
matter of construction, be covered by the terms of thereof.

(d) The Appellant and, in particular, Mr Kamphorst did not behave as if the
burden was on the Respondent to secure any approvals – it was the Appellant
which was at all material times in contact with Prologis, the URA and the SLA.

42 The Judge further held that the Appellant did not discharge its burden
under s 2(1) to prove that it had “reasonable ground to believe and did
believe up to the time the contract was made that the facts represented were
true”. This was because the Appellant possessed copies of the Head Lease and
the State Lease and had to be aware of their terms, _ie_ , that it was obliged
under the Head Lease to comply with and to ensure that its sub-tenants
complied with, all terms and conditions of the State Lease. The Judge relied
on the English Court of Appeal decision of _Howard Marine and Dredging Co Ltd
v A Ogden & Sons (Excavation) Ltd_ [1978] 1 QB 574 (“ _Howard Marine_ ”) for
the proposition that the Appellant could not have had reasonable ground to
believe that the representations it made were true, where it had special
knowledge from reliable documents in its possession that would have
demonstrated that the representations were false. Had the Appellant checked
clauses 2(i) and (ii) of the State Lease, it would have become aware of the
SLA’s right to charge a differential premium. The Judge found that even though
the Written Permission had been granted in 2007, _before_ the State Lease was
entered into in 2008, this was immaterial as the State Lease incorporated the
Building Agreement that had been entered into _in 2006_ (and thus predated the
Written Permission). The use of the land under the State Lease was therefore
limited to primary industrial uses under B2 zoning as stipulated in the
Building Agreement and did not include ancillary use of the Premises as a
showroom. The Judge also observed that the Appellant had the benefit of legal
advice in interpreting the State Lease.

43 The Judge found that the Appellant had not excluded liability for
misrepresentation under Clause 6.9. Accordingly, he held that the Respondent
was entitled to damages under s 2(1) as well as rescission of the Lease. The
refunds and damages claimed for were all allowed, save that the Judge reserved
the particulars of the Respondent’s claim for fitting out works and
reinstatement cost for further hearing, and rejected the Respondent’s claim
for interest paid on the loan it took for the fitting out works as being too
remote to be recovered.

44 As the case had been determined on the foregoing bases, the Judge made no
finding on the Respondent’s alternative claims in restitution and breach of
contract and also dismissed the Appellant’s counterclaim.

The parties’ cases on appeal

The Appellant’s case

45 The Appellant’s case before us proceeds on three fronts.

46 First, it maintains that it had never made the representation complained
of. The Appellant argues that the indicia relied on by the Judge (described
above at [40]) were equally consistent with the Appellant’s alternative
version of the representation made (“the Alternative Representation”) (see
also above at [17]), _ie_ , that Mr Kamphorst had only said he was “not sure
if there were any other government and/or regulatory approvals needed”.
Therefore, the Respondent had failed to discharge its burden of showing that
there was a misrepresentation.

47 The Appellant’s fall-back position is that, even if there was an operative
misrepresentation, it was made innocently such that it should not be liable
for damages under s 2(1). The Appellant argues that it had reasonable grounds
to believe, and did believe up to the time the Lease was entered into, that
the facts represented were true. The Appellant accepts that it has the burden
of showing this but avers that it has discharged this burden because:

(a) The effect of the Lease, the Head Lease and the State Lease is that the
URA was the first port of call for matters pertaining to planning permission.

(b) The URA’s planning permission affected the SLA’s contractual right to
approve any change of use, and the URA’s Provisional Permission of 5 October
2006, and its subsequent Written Permission of 24 April 2007, _did not state
that there was any change of use_ , nor did the SLA (which was copied in that
document) object or raise any issue at that time, or at any time until April
2011. It took AMB (later Prologis) and the Appellant more than two months,
even with the aid of legal advice, to understand and accept the SLA’s position
on the matter. It follows that the Appellant had reasonable grounds to believe
that the SLA’s right to impose a differential premium had not arisen at all.

(c) Ultimately, the Appellant only needs to demonstrate that its
representation of the approval status of the Premises were reasonable, not
that it was correct.

(d) Finally, the cost of the fitting out works, which formed the bulk of the
Respondent’s _monetary_ claims below (see above at [36(c)(ii)]), could not be
claimed by way of an indemnity for rescission because the fitting out works
were not obligations under the Lease.

48 The third plank of the Appellant’s case is that it was absolved of
liability due to the exclusion clause contained in the Lease, _viz_ , Clause
6.9. The Appellant argues that Clause 6.9 had to be read in its context to
mean that the parties agreed to treat all representations as denuded of any
force whatsoever, whether for a claim for a breach of warranty or in
misrepresentation. It was also argued that the aforesaid clause was reasonable
under the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed).

The Respondent’s case

49 The Respondent argues that all three grounds of appeal are without merit.
First, it submits that the Appellant’s claim that Mr Kamphorst had made the
Alternative Representation was wholly speculative as it was not corroborated
by any documentary or other witness evidence.

50 Second, the Respondent submits that the Appellant did not have reasonable
grounds for believing in the truth of its misrepresentation. The Respondent
says the Appellant cannot now claim that it was unaware of SLA’s right to
impose a differential premium for a change in use, for the simple reason that
the Appellant never demonstrated that it had ever considered the terms of the
State Lease at all. Whether or not the SLA was correct in the assertion of its
contractual rights under clause 2(ii) of the State Lease, the undisputed fact
was that the Appellant had never bothered to make any inquiries of the SLA, or
even to read, let alone examine, the terms of the State Lease, even though
that document was in its possession (which meant that it had all the knowledge
required to assess whether and what further approvals were required). The
Respondent contends that the Appellant’s failure to make those necessary
enquiries means that it must be taken to have failed to discharge its burden
under s 2(1).

51 Thirdly, the Respondent states that, broadly for the same reasons advanced
by the Judge, the Appellant cannot rely on Clause 6.9 to exclude any liability
for misrepresentation.

Issues before the court

52 Three issues arise for our decision. The first is whether there was any
misrepresentation made by the Appellant to the Respondent. The next is the
consequent issue of whether, if there was in fact such a misrepresentation,
the Appellant was liable under s 2(1), or whether there was no liability
inasmuch as the Appellant had reasonable ground to believe and did believe up
to the time the contract was made that the representation was true. The third
issue is whether the Appellant may rely on Clause 6.9 to exclude any liability
for misrepresentation.

53 There are also two further miscellaneous issues that were canvassed in
argument before us. The first miscellaneous issue is this: Assuming that the
misrepresentation was wholly innocent and did not fall within the ambit of s
2(1), would the Appellant nevertheless be entitled to what it might have
recovered under s 2(1) by way of an indemnity? The second miscellaneous issue
is whether this appeal might have been resolved on the basis of the finding of
a breach of contract instead.

Whether there was a misrepresentation

54 As we have alluded to briefly (see above at [4]), we do not think that
there is any serious doubt that the Appellant, through its agent, Mr
Kamphorst, did misrepresent to the Respondent that all necessary approvals for
the Premises to be used as a showroom had been obtained. In the hearing before
us, Assoc Prof Goh Yihan (“Prof Goh”), instructed as counsel for the
Appellant, did not (correctly, in our view) seriously contend that the
misrepresentation had not been made, and was content to stand on his written
submissions on this point. This was that the Appellant’s Alternative
Representation, _ie_ , that Mr Kamphorst had only stated that he was “not sure
if there were any other government and/or regulatory approvals needed”, was
equally consistent with the facts as found by the Judge. We now amplify our
reason for arriving at this conclusion.

55 In our view, as a matter of commercial reality, the Respondent would hardly
have gone ahead with the Lease had Mr Kamphorst caveated the representation in
the way the Appellant now claims he did by means of the Alternative
Representation. Put simply, the Appellant had advertised the Premises as being
suitable for use as a showroom and had sought lessees willing to pay an
enhanced rent on that basis. The Respondent had, in consequence, registered
its interest in the Premises _solely_ on the basis that they could be used as
a showroom. Indeed, Schedule 4 of the Lease states that the Premises “shall
not be used for any purpose other than as a Showroom for furniture and
furniture accessories under the trade name of [the Respondent]”. In this
context, it is _wholly improbable_ that the Respondent would have accepted the
terms of the Lease if it had been told that there was any doubt over whether
the necessary approvals other than that of URA were needed, which is the main
import of the Alternative Representation. Whether the representation was
express and in words, or implied through conduct, we are satisfied that the
Appellant had represented to the Respondent that all necessary approvals had
been obtained for the use of the Premises as a showroom, and that this was a
_mis_ representation because it is not disputed nor is it in doubt that the
representation is demonstrably false.

Whether the misrepresentation fell within the ambit of s 2(1)

56 There is no dispute that, assuming there was in fact a misrepresentation
made, the Respondent had relied on said misrepresentation in entering into the
Lease and thereby suffered loss. Thus our finding above, without more,
entitles the Respondent to _rescind_ the Lease, together with a consequential
entitlement to an indemnity from the Appellant for all sums it was obliged to
pay over under the Lease. However, s 2(1) affords a further possible remedy
for victims of misrepresentation (such as the Respondent) and reads as
follows:

Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation has been
made to him by another party thereto and as a result thereof he has suffered
loss, then, if the person making the misrepresentation would be liable to
damages in respect thereof had the misrepresentation been made fraudulently,
that person shall be so liable notwithstanding that the misrepresentation was
not made fraudulently, _unless he proves that he had reasonable ground to
believe and did believe up to the time the contract was made that the facts
represented were true_. [emphasis added]

57 Thus, this subsection further entitles any victim of a misrepresentation to
_damages_ as he would have been so entitled “had the misrepresentation been
made fraudulently”. To avoid liability under s 2(1), the representor must be
able to show that “he had reasonable ground to believe and did believe up to
the time the contract was made that the facts represented were true”. For
convenience, we will term this “the test of reasonable belief”.

The test of reasonable belief

The historical background to s 2(1)

58 We begin our analysis of the test of reasonable belief with the observation
that s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act is, for all intents and purposes, the
equivalent of s 2(1) of the English Misrepresentation Act 1967 (c 7) (UK)
(“the UK Misrepresentation Act”). Section 2(1) of the UK Misrepresentation Act
was enacted in order to give effect to the recommendations in the UK Law
Reform Committee, _Tenth Report on Innocent Misrepresentation_ (Cmnd 1782,
1962) (“the 1962 Report”), paragraphs 17 and 18 of which read as follows:

17 … On the other hand, we think that where one of the parties was at fault in
making the representation, the other ought to be entitled to damages as of
right. We also think that the onus should be on the representor to satisfy the
court that he was not at fault. He will normally be in a better position to
know the true facts than the other party. For instance a vendor should know
the likely defects in the articles he sells from his specialised knowledge of
the trade. If he was truly innocent of any desire to mislead, he will suffer
little hardship by being put to the proof of his innocence but, if he cannot
establish this, the loss should fall on him rather than on the other party …

18 There is a precedent for legislation on these lines in section 43 of the
Companies Act, 1948. That section makes those responsible for the issue of a
prospectus inviting persons to subscribe for shares or debentures in a company
liable for any untrue statement in the prospectus unless they can show that
they had reasonable ground to believe, and did up to the time of the allotment
believe, that the statement was true. We think a similar rule should apply
where any contract has been induced by a representation which is untrue. We
accordingly recommend that any person who has, either by himself or his agent,
induced another to enter into a contract with him by an untrue representation
made for the purpose of inducing the contract should be liable in damages for
any loss suffered in consequence of the representation. But the defendant
should not be liable if he proves that up to the time the contract was made he
(or his agent, if the representation was made by him) believed the
representation to be true and had reasonable grounds for his belief.

59 The stated inspiration for the test of reasonable belief is therefore s 43
of the Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK), specifically, s 43(3)(_c_) thereof,
which reads as follows:

A person who, apart from this subsection would under subsection (1) of this
section be liable, by reason of his having given a consent required of him by
section forty of this Act, as a person who has authorised the issue of a
prospectus in respect of an untrue statement purporting to be made by him as
an expert shall not be so liable if he proves—

…

(_c_) that he was competent to make the statement and that he had reasonable
ground to believe and did up to the time of the allotment of the shares or
debentures, as the case may be, believe that the statement was true.

60 The sub-section quoted in the preceding paragraph was, in turn, drawn from
s 3(1)(_a_) of the Directors Liability Act 1890 (c 64) (UK) (“the Directors
Liability Act 1890”) (see also John Cartwright, _Misrepresentation, Mistake
and Non-Disclosure_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd ed, 2012) (“ _Cartwright_ ”) at para
07-16). The section reads as follows:

3\. _Liability for statements in prospectus.—_(1.) Where after the passing of
this Act a prospectus or notice invites persons to subscribe for shares in or
debentures or debenture stock of a Company, every person who is a director of
the Company at the time of the issue of the prospectus or notice, and every
person who having authorised such naming of him is named in the prospectus or
notice as a director of the Company or as having agreed to become a director
of the Company either immediately or after an interval of time, and every
promoter of the Company, and every person who has authorised the issue of the
prospectus or notice, shall be liable to pay compensation to all persons who
shall subscribe for any shares, debentures, or debenture stock on the faith of
such prospectus or notice for the loss or damage they may have sustained by
reason of any untrue statement in the prospectus or notice, or in any report
or memorandum appearing on the face thereof, or by reference incorporated
therein or issued therewith, unless it is proved—

(_a_.) With respect to every such untrue statement not purporting to be made
on the authority of an expert, or of a public official document or statement,
that he had reasonable ground to believe, and did up to the time of the
allotment of the shares, debentures, or debenture stock, as the case may be,
believe, that the statement was true…

61 Interestingly, s 3 of the Directors Liability Act 1890 was intended to
_reverse_ , in the particular situation to which that section applies, the
decision in the House of Lords decision in _Derry v Peek_ (1889) 14 App Cas
337 (“ _Derry_ ”). _Derry_ is, of course, the leading decision on the tort of
_fraudulent misrepresentation_ or _deceit_ in the Commonwealth, and in which
Lord Herschell famously observed (at 374) as follows:

… I think the authorities establish the following propositions: First, in
order to sustain an action of deceit, there must be proof of fraud, and
nothing short of that will suffice. Secondly, fraud is proved when it is shewn
that a false representation has been made (_1) knowingly, or (2) without
belief in its truth, or (3) recklessly, careless whether it be true or false_.
Although I have treated the second and third as distinct cases, I think the
third is but an instance of the second, for one who makes a statement under
such circumstances can have no real belief in the truth of what he states. _To
prevent_ a false statement being fraudulent, there must, I think, always be
_an honest belief in its truth_. And this probably covers the whole ground,
for one who knowingly alleges that which is false, has obviously no such
honest belief. Thirdly, if fraud be proved, the motive of the person guilty of
it is immaterial. It matters not that there was no intention to cheat or
injure the person to whom the statement was made. [emphasis added]

62 As this court observed in _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole
executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another_ [2013] 3 SLR
801 (“ _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna_ ”), fraud or deceit is separate and distinct from
negligence or carelessness. In particular, it was observed as follows (at
[34]–[35]):

34 However, the concept of _recklessness_ must _not_ be equated with
negligence or carelessness. As Bowen LJ aptly observed in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Angus v Clifford_ [1891] 2 Ch 449 (“ _Angus_ ”) (at 471):

It seems to me that a second cause from which a fallacious view arises is from
the use of the word “recklessness”. ... Not caring ... did not mean not taking
care, it meant _indifference to the truth, the moral obliquity which consists
in a wilful disregard of the importance of truth_ , and unless you keep it
clear that that is the true meaning of the term, you are constantly in danger
of confusing the evidence from which the inference of dishonesty in the mind
may be drawn – evidence which consists in a great many cases of gross want of
caution – with the inference of fraud, or of dishonesty itself, which has to
be drawn after you have weighed all the evidence. [emphasis added]

35 This approach has been adopted locally in the Singapore High Court decision
of _Raiffeisen Zentralbank Osterreich AG v Archer Daniels Midland Co_ [2007] 1
SLR(R) 196 (“ _Raiffeisen Zentralbank_ ”), where the learned judge opined (at
[40] and [43]) as follows:

40 **_Dishonesty is the touchstone_** _which distinguishes fraudulent
misrepresentation from other forms of misrepresentation. This turns on the
intention and belief of the representor_. A party complaining of having been
misled by a representation to his injury has no remedy in damages under the
general law unless the representation was not only false, but fraudulent. See
Spencer Bower, Turner & Handley, _Actionable Misrepresentation_ (Butterworths,
4th Ed, 2000) (“Spencer Bower”) at para 98.

…

43 Thus, **_negligence, however gross, is not fraud_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

63 The distinction referred to in the preceding paragraph is an important one.
In particular, s 3 of the Directors Liability Act 1890 was clearly referring
to conduct _other than fraud or deceit_. As already noted, the touchstone for
establishing fraud or deceit is that of _dishonesty_. The provision just
mentioned was clearly intended to _exclude_ the necessity for establishing
this particular element. It is also important to note that, unlike fraud or
deceit, the burden of proof in s 3 of the Directors Liability Act 1890 was
placed on _the representor_ to establish that he had reasonable ground for his
belief. All this is made _even clearer_ in s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act
itself. In particular, the words “that person shall be so liable
_notwithstanding_ that the misrepresentation was _not_ made fraudulently”
[emphasis added] in the provision itself are of crucial importance. Put
simply, there is _no_ need for _proof_ of _dishonesty_ in order for a claim
under s 2(1) to succeed. The burden of proof is also clearly on the
representor to prove “that he had reasonable ground to believe and did believe
up to the time the contract was made that the facts represented were true”.

64 In order to understand the somewhat awkward phraseology of s 2(1) itself,
the historical backdrop against which that provision was enacted ought to be
borne in mind. Section 2(1) was intended to provide a legal avenue for the
recovery of damages at common law _where none had existed before apart from a
claim for fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit_. Put another way, under the
common law, absent a claim for fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit, _no
damages were recoverable for all other types of misrepresentation_ (at best,
only an _indemnity_ might be obtained). To be sure, the equitable remedy of
_rescission_ was and is _always available for all types of misrepresentation_
, subject to the operation of any applicable bars to rescission (see generally
Pearlie Koh, “Misrepresentation and Non-disclosure” in ch 11 of _The Law of
Contract in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2012) at paras 11.133–11.156; the
chapter is hereinafter referenced as “ _Koh_ ” and the book as “ _The Law of
Contract in Singapore_ ”). However, it bears reiterating that the common law
remedy of _damages_ was _not always available_ , save in the situation where
there was fraud or deceit.

65 In this regard, it is of the first importance to note that the tort of
_negligent_ misrepresentation (which was first established in the landmark
House of Lords decision of _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd_
[1964] AC 465 (“ _Hedley Byrne_ ”)) had _yet to be established at the time the
Law Reform Committee issued its report_ in 1962 (_Hedley Byrne_ was decided in
1963). Whilst it is true that the decision in _Hedley Byrne_ had been handed
down by the House of Lords by the time the Misrepresentation Act was enacted
in 1967, it is likely that the tort of negligent misrepresentation was still
in an _embryonic_ stage, thus prompting the promulgation of the
Misrepresentation Act and, in particular, s 2(1) thereof. Be that as it may,
it is clear, in our view, that a claim brought under s 2(1) is (consistent
with the analysis in the preceding paragraph) and, indeed, must have been, _ex
hypothesi_ , a _different legal creature_ from an action in _fraud or deceit_.

66 What, then, is its true nature? Section 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act
is, in the first place, undoubtedly _statutory_ in nature. It now _co-exists_
with the tort of negligent misrepresentation at common law as first
established in _Hedley Byrne_ and was clearly enacted to perform the _same
function_ – to furnish a remedy in _damages_ where none had hitherto (apart
from fraud or deceit) existed. However, it is also _simultaneously different
from_ the tort of negligent misrepresentation at common law. The burden of
proof under the common law, in respect of a claim based on the tort of
negligent misrepresentation, is on the plaintiff/representee. However, under s
2(1), as already noted above at [63], _the burden is on the
defendant/representor to prove_ “that he had reasonable ground to believe and
did believe up to the time the contract was made that the facts represented
were true”. In this regard, the following perceptive observations by Prof
Cartwright may be usefully noted (see _Cartwright_ at para 6-64):

… Broadly, the remedy under section 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act 1967 is
more restricted in its application, since it is only available to one
contracting party against the other contracting party, whereas the tort of
negligence applies to all cases where a claimant can establish a duty of care,
including actions between contracting parties. _But in those case where
section 2(1) applies it is more attractive for the claimant since the elements
of his claim are easier to establish than the elements of the tort of
negligence; the burden of proving (in substance) absence of negligence lies on
the defendant (rather than, as in the tort of negligence, the burden of
proving breach of duty lying on the claimant)_ ; and in certain circumstances
the remedy of damages under the section might be more extensive than the
remedy in negligence. It is therefore clear that, where the claimant has a
cause of action under section 2(1), it is unlikely to be of any benefit to him
to pursue any action he may have in the tort of negligence. But the tort will
be used where the Act is not available; in particular, where the claimant and
the defendant are not parties to a contract. [emphasis added]

67 As already noted above at [64], the equitable remedy of rescission is
always available for every type of misrepresentation (subject to any
applicable bars to rescission). Section 2(2) of the Misrepresentation Act now
furnishes the representee with the _additional option of claiming damages in
lieu of rescission_. Whether or not this particular provision applies
_notwithstanding the fact that one or more of the bars to rescission operates_
raises rather thorny legal issues (see generally _Koh_ at paras 11.240–11.242)
which (fortunately) do _not_ have to be resolved in this judgment as only s
2(1) is in issue. Let us turn now to elaborate on the test of reasonable
belief.

The test proper

An objective standard to aid in ascertaining subjective belief

68 As previously noted, the representor (here, the Appellant) would be liable
to pay damages under s 2(1) “unless he proves that he had **_reasonable
ground_** _to believe_ and did believe up to the time the contract was made
_that the facts represented were true_ ” [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]. This element of _reasonableness_ constitutes the _objective element_
in the application of s 2(1) to the given facts of the case concerned. It is
not only consistent with the general approach towards legal analysis in the
law of contract (as to which see generally _The Law of Contract in Singapore_
at paras 03.006–03.020); it is also consistent with the tort of negligence
(which utilises the _objective standard_ of reasonableness as well (see, for
example, _per_ Lord Atkin in the seminal House of Lords decision of _Donoghue
v Stevenson_ [1932] AC 562 at 580)).

69 The court must ascertain his _subjective_ state of mind based on an
_objective_ standard – hence, the test of reasonable belief that is an
integral part of s 2(1). Such an approach is wholly understandable, as it
would otherwise be all too easy for a defendant representor to merely assert
that he had truly believed in what he had represented, _notwithstanding the
fact that he had no reasonable ground to believe that what he had represented
to the plaintiff representee was true_. But, this is not to state that the
representor’s _subjective_ state of mind is immaterial; the fundamental point
is that the objective standard is _not intended to be a substitute_ for the
representor’s subjective belief. Far from it. If on the _objective_ assessment
of the evidence placed before the court, it is found that the representor did
_not_ subjectively believe that what he had represented to the representee was
true, then the court _must_ hold that he (the representor) has _not_
discharged his burden so as to escape liability under s 2(1). Put simply, this
assessment of the representor’s alleged belief in the truth of his
representation is _always_ an _objective_ assessment of whether, in the
context of the particular facts placed before the court, the representor did
_in fact_ subjectively hold that belief. It would otherwise be invidious to
expect the court to accept the representor’s claims as to his _subjective_
state of mind at face value.

70 Once, on the particular facts of the case objectively assessed, the
representor is found _subjectively_ to believe that the representation made
was true, the analysis proceeds to the _objective_ assessment of whether the
representor _had reasonable grounds for that belief_. The court would have to
assess the reasonableness of the representor’s alleged belief in the context
of both the representation(s) made as well as all the circumstances of the
case, and what is reasonable will inevitably be, in the nature of things, a
_fact-centric exercise_. We think it pertinent to emphasise though that, in
the nature of things, no hard and fast line can be drawn and, in certain
situations, both the subjective and objective elements may apply in an
_interactive_ fashion. In this regard, we preface our analysis with the
observation that _the fact that the representor is to some degree at fault in
making the representation_ lies at the heart of s 2(1) and is the _sole_
justification for imposing on him the burden of damages _as if_ he was
fraudulent. It follows that it would only be fair to fault the representor,
if, _assessed in the context of the circumstances present and acting on his
mind_ , it was _not_ objectively reasonable for him to make the representation
that he did. In effect, the liability for damages flows from the fact that the
representor’s subjectively held belief has fallen short of what, _in those
circumstances_ , would have been objectively reasonable for him to believe.
Removing this subjective element from the test of reasonableness would
transform the test of reasonable belief from an assessment of the
representor’s _culpability_ , which, we have said, is a necessary assessment
for the finding of liability, into a _post-hoc rationalisation_ of the
representation. We think that this _cannot_ be correct as a matter of
principle. As Prof Cartwright aptly observes (see _Cartwright_ at para 7-25):

**“Reasonable ground to believe”.** The defendant must show that “he had
reasonable ground to believe” that the statement was true. It is not entirely
clear whether this is wholly objective, or has a subjective element. **_But
the latter appears to be the more natural reading, since the issue is not the
broad one of whether a reasonable person could have believed the statement to
be true, but whether the particular defendant had reasonable grounds for his
belief_** _:_ he must prove that “ _he had_ reasonable ground” to believe it.
On this basis, the question is whether a reasonable person could have deduced
the truth of the statement from the information available to the defendant.
The particular circumstances of the defendant will therefore be relevant.
However, it is clear that the courts regard this as an onerous burden for the
defendant to discharge. [header in original in bold, emphasis in original in
italics, emphasis added in bold italics]

71 We should add that, even though the test is an _objective_ assessment of
the reasonableness of the representor’s _subjectively_ held grounds for his
belief, we do not think the representor is entitled (for instance) to claim
innocence where he was, _in effect_ , wilfully blind to _obvious_ sources of
information that would, if they had been referenced, have brought him to a
realisation of the true position. It is clear that the inquiry is a broad and
fact-centric one that delves into _all the circumstances present and available
to the representor_ , although it is _not_ a detailed and forensic examination
of particular propositions of beliefs. We think that this conclusion follows
inexorably from the rationale that we have said lies at the heart of an action
for damages under s 2(1).

72 Indeed, the courts have also, in our view, always taken the position that
the _only_ grounds the court may assess in relation to the reasonableness of a
belief in defending a claim under s 2(1) are those grounds _that were present
to the representor’s mind_ , even if (initially at least) the authorities had
not always articulated this fully. For example, in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Broome v Speak_ [1903] 1 Ch 586, one of the questions was whether
the defendant directors of a company were liable for damages under s 3(1) of
the Directors Liability Act 1890 for failing to make mention in a prospectus
of two material contracts entered into by the company. Buckley J found that,
as a matter of fact, the statements in the prospectus were thereby made
untrue, and, turning to the test of reasonable belief, observed as follows (at
603):

Then had the directors reason to believe, and did they believe, that those
statements were true? Now as regards Mr Shepheard, I do not for a moment
impute as against him that he was stating anything which was untrue in the
sense that he believed that it was untrue. I acquit him altogether of any
fraudulent intent or improper action in the matter, but in point of fact he
had no reason to believe that the cancellation contract had been put an end
to, because it had not. _I do not suppose he ever addressed his mind to the
point. That is the real answer to it. The contract existed, and he did not
think or inquire, I suppose, at all as to whether that was a thing which was
in existence or not_. … [emphasis added]

73 This reasoning was endorsed by the House of Lords on further appeal. In
_Shepheard and another v Broome_ [1904] AC 342 (“ _Shepheard_ ”), Lord Lindley
put the matter thus (at 347):

The prospectus unfortunately stated a fact which was not true, namely, that
the only contracts to which the bank was a party were the two which were
mentioned in it. This untrue statement brings the case clearly and
unmistakably within s. 3, sub-s. 1, of the Directors Liability Act, 1890. It
is contended for the appellant that he is not liable under this Act because he
had reasonable ground to believe, and did believe, that the statement in the
prospectus was true. _But he knew of the documents, and he knew they were not
disclosed; he thought they were not such as required disclosure. This is a
question of law, and I agree with Buckley J. and the Court of Appeal that a
mistake of this kind does not furnish a defence to an action founded on the
statute in question_. … [emphasis added]

74 To both the English Court of Appeal and the House of Lords, therefore, the
_subjective_ state of mind of the defendant _was instrumental_ in the
_objective_ assessment of reasonableness, and thereupon in the finding of
liability.

75 Turning to a more recent decision, in _Howard Marine_ , the issue there was
whether the plaintiff, a barge owner, had reasonable grounds for his belief
that the capacity of certain barges hired by the defendant was 1,600 tonnes.
The true figure was 1,055 tonnes and the discrepancy was because the
plaintiff’s employee had relied on a mistaken entry in Lloyd’s Register when
the correct figure was stated in documents from the barges’ manufacturer. The
English Court of Appeal embarked on the exercise of determining the _actual_
state of mind of the plaintiff’s employee. Bridge and Shaw LJJ ruled that the
plaintiff had no reasonable ground for preferring one reliable source of
information, which was Lloyd’s Register, over another, the documents from the
manufacturer. Lord Denning MR dissented on this point. The learned Master of
the Rolls accepted that the plaintiff’s employee _had_ seen the figure in
Lloyd’s Register and _had also seen_ the documents from the manufacturer, but
that the latter figures “did not register”; he observed thus (at 593):

… All that was in his mind was the 1,800 tonnes in Lloyd’s Register which was
regarded in shipping circles as the Bible. That afforded reasonable ground for
him to believe that the barges could each carry 1,600 tonnes pay load: and
that is what [the plaintiff’s employee] believed.

76 It is apparent that the dissent by Lord Denning was based, in effect, on a
difference with regard to the proper inferences to be drawn from the evidence.
Bridge LJ disagreed with Lord Denning (at 597) that the correct figures had
not registered in the employee’s mind, _noting that the employee had given
evidence that he had in fact seen the correct capacity figures in the
documents_ , but instead had preferred the figure in Lloyd’s Register for two
reasons: the documents referred to freshwater capacity and not seawater, and
that he was concerned only with cubic capacity. Bridge LJ found that neither
reason was objectively reasonable (at 598), first, because the issue of cubic
capacity was quite irrelevant, and, second, because there was a minimal
difference between freshwater and seawater capacity. Shaw LJ concurred in this
particular assessment of the evidence.

77 Hence, the exercise of determining whether a person had reasonable grounds
to believe in the truth of a representation that was false, is an _objective
enquiry_ undertaken with regard to _all_ the considerations that were
_subjectively present_ in the mind of that person. Where there were
conflicting sources of information to which the representor had recourse, the
touchstone is whether he possessed objectively reasonable reasons to prefer
one source over another. We think this is the correct statement of the law
and, in so far as this is the holding in _Howard Marine_ , we approve it. We
also note that the difference in views based on the evidence illustrates a
point that we have already emphasised (see above at [5]) – that the
application of the test of reasonable belief under s 2(1) is a very _fact-
centric_ exercise.

78 At this juncture, we should also note a related point with regard to _the
timeframe_ to which the test of reasonable belief applies – and to which our
attention now briefly turns.

The relevant timeframe

79 Section 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act is clear: the representor (in
this case, the Appellant) must not only prove that “he had reasonable ground
to believe” that the facts he represented to the representor (here, the
Respondent) “were true” – he must _also prove_ that he “did believe _up to the
time the contract was made_ ” [emphasis added] that the facts so represented
“were true”. The timeframe laid down by s 2(1) is both logical as well as
commonsensical as this must surely be what one would consider to be _the
operative period_ of the misrepresentation(s). Put simply, this operative
period commences from the time the misrepresentation concerned is made and
ceases when the contract is entered into after or as a result of the
misrepresentation. It should also be noted that the _objective_ assessment of
whether the representor had reasonable ground to believe in the truth of the
representation is a _continuing assessment that is applied throughout this
period_. Thus, for instance, if the representor _originally had reasonable
grounds_ to believe in the truth of the representation made, but due to a
change in circumstances those grounds were no longer objectively reasonable
_by the time the contract was made_ , then the representor would _not_ have
passed the test of reasonable belief. This is clear not only on a plain
reading of s 2(1) but also constitutes a logical as well as commonsensical
application of the letter and spirit of the provision itself.

What kind of damages are recoverable under s 2(1)?

80 In order to complete our analysis on the test of reasonable belief, we
pause to say a few words on the _nature_ of the damages recoverable in a claim
under s 2(1). This is an area of law of considerable controversy, which is
not, as we shall see, engaged precisely on the specific facts of the present
appeal; however we think it appropriate to discuss the point briefly in view
of the Judge’s observations on this issue at [146]–[151] of the Judgment.

81 In essence, the controversy may be stated as follows: Assuming that the
measure of damages to be awarded under s 2(1) is the _tortious_ (and not the
contractual) measure, ought the actual measure of damages to be awarded be
that awarded for _fraud or deceit or_ for _negligence_? There is in fact a
difference between each measure of damages. To elaborate briefly, the measure
of damages awarded for the tort of _fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit_
includes _all_ loss that flowed directly from the entry into the contract in
question, regardless of whether or not such loss was foreseeable; the damages
awarded would include _all_ consequential loss as well (see, in particular,
the House of Lords decision of _Smith New Court Securities Ltd v Citibank NA_
[1997] AC 254 (“ _Smith New Court_ ”), the principles of which were endorsed
by this court in _Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 909 (“
_Wishing Star_ ”)). On the other hand, the measure of damages awarded for the
tort of _negligent misrepresentation_ would only include loss that was
_reasonably foreseeable_ (see, for example, _Wishing Star_ at [23]).

82 The rationale for the more generous measure of damages under _fraudulent
misrepresentation_ was in fact helpfully elucidated by Lord Steyn in _Smith
New Court_ in the following terms (at 279): “[f]irst it serves a deterrent
purpose in discouraging fraud”; and “[s]econdly, as between the fraudster and
the innocent party, moral considerations militate in favour of requiring the
fraudster to bear the risk of misfortunes directly caused by his fraud”. In so
far as the last-mentioned point is concerned, Lord Steyn proceeded to observe
thus (at 280):

… I make no apology for referring to moral considerations. The law and
morality are inextricably interwoven. To a large extent the law is simply
formulated and declared morality. And, as _Oliver Wendell Holmes, The Common
Law_ … observed, the very notion of deceit with its overtones of wickedness is
drawn from the moral world.

83 Returning to the measure of damages to be awarded under s 2(1), we observe
that the English Court of Appeal, in _Royscot Trust Ltd v Rogerson_ [1991] 2
QB 297 (“ _Royscot Trust_ ”), held (disagreeing with the then prevalent
academic opinion on this particular issue) that the measure of damages to be
awarded under s 2(1) ought to be that measure which would have been awarded
for _fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit_. In arriving at this view, the
court relied primarily on the language of s 2(1) itself. However, the
difficulty with such an analysis is that s 2(1) (as we have already seen) does
_not_ concern a situation that pertains to _actual fraud_ as such, but one
that, on the contrary, falls _short_ of it (see Richard Hooley, “Damages and
the Misrepresentation Act 1967” (1991) 107 LQR 547 (“ _Hooley_ ”)). Indeed, if
Lord Steyn’s observations in _Smith New Court_ (quoted in the preceding
paragraph) are accepted, it is, with respect, difficult to see that the moral
turpitude entailed under s 2(1) would be on the same level as that entailed in
a situation of fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit. Indeed, although the
language of s 2(1) refers to “fraud”, the _context_ in which the word “fraud”
is used is, in our view, of the first importance. In particular, the
references to “fraud” were (as we have seen above at [63]) in fact intended to
signal the fact that s 2(1) offered a _statutory_ remedy for damages which was
hitherto available only in the context of the (more serious) situation of
fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit. Looked at in this light, s 2(1)
_extended_ the remedy of damages to situations that _fell short_ of
_fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit_ , and this is underscored by the
phrases “ _had_ the misrepresentation _been made fraudulently_ ” and (perhaps
more importantly) “ _notwithstanding_ that the misrepresentation was _not_
made _fraudulently_ ” in s 2(1) [emphasis added]. Indeed, as Prof Cartwright
correctly observes, “s.2(1) does not refer to “negligence” _but that is, in
substance, what it covers_ ” (see _Cartwright_ at para 6-64, note 386
[emphasis added]). Put simply, it is the _statutory analogue_ of the _common
law_ action for _negligent_ misrepresentation (the latter of which was, as we
have seen (see above at [65]), first established in _Hedley Byrne_).

84 If the above analysis is correct, then it ought to follow that the measure
of damages awardable under s 2(1) ought, instead, _to be that awarded under
the common law action for negligent misrepresentation_. The decision in
_Royscot Trust_ ought not to be followed. That having been said, we note that,
in the Singapore High Court decision of _Ng Buay Hock and another v Tan Keng
Huat and another_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 507, _Royscot Trust_ was cited with apparent
approval, with the court referring (at [31]) to that case as reflecting what
the “prevailing opinion” appeared to be. The Judge (at [150] of the Judgment)
also expressed his agreement with _Royscot Trust_. There is nevertheless a
strong case, in our view, for reconsidering _Royscot Trust_. Indeed, Lord
Steyn himself noted in _Smith New Court_ (at 1075), that _Royscot Trust_ has
been subject to “trenchant academic criticism” (citing _Hooley_ ; see also
generally Ian Brown & Adrian Chandler, “Deceit, Damages and the
Misrepresentation Act 1967, s. 2(1)” [1992] LMCLQ 40; _Chitty on Contracts_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 31st ed, 2012) at para 6-075; as well as Edwin Peel,
_Treitel: The Law of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th ed, 2011) (“ _Treitel_
”) at para 9-066). Although both Lord Steyn and Lord Browne-Wilkinson
expressed no conclusive view on _Royscot Trust_ in _Smith New Court_ , the
tenor of their judgments (particularly that of Lord Steyn) suggests that the
days of _Royscot Trust_ might be numbered. Indeed, as we have already noted,
there is no reason in both logic and principle why a plaintiff should be as
well-placed as he would have been had the misrepresentation concerned taken
place in a situation of _actual_ fraud or deceit since, _ex hypothesi_ , the
situation is in fact _not_ one that pertains to actual fraud or deceit but on
the contrary one that _falls short_ of it. Further, and consistent with Lord
Steyn’s observations in _Smith New Court_ , it is extremely difficult to see
how the moral turpitude entailed under s 2(1) would on the same level as that
entailed in a situation of fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit.

85 However, as this particular issue was not argued before this court, we will
express a conclusive view only when it is next directly in issue before us. In
any event, as already noted and shall be elaborated upon below, the result in
the present case does not turn on which view is adopted with regard to the
proper measure of damages to be awarded under s 2(1). This would be an
appropriate juncture to turn to the application of s 2(1) (in particular, the
test of reasonable belief) to the facts of the present appeal.

Applying the test of reasonable belief

86 Returning to the facts of the present case, we are of the view that it is
clear on the objective evidence that the Appellant did honestly believe in the
truth of the representation it had made to the Respondent. We are satisfied
for the reasons given by the Judge that the Appellant, in the shape of its
representative Mr Kamphorst, did in fact believe at all the relevant times
that _only URA’s approval was necessary_ for the Respondent to use the
Premises as a showroom and that therefore _no other approval was required_
(see the Judgment at [96]–[97] and [120]). However, the key question in the
context of the present appeal is whether or not, _in the circumstances_ , it
was _reasonable_ for the Appellant to hold that belief.

87 The Appellant’s main contention, which was advanced with considerable force
(and commendable clarity) by Prof Goh in the oral hearing before us, is that
the Judge was wrong to find that the Appellant had no reasonable grounds to
believe that the representation was true. In other words, that the Appellant
had failed the test of reasonable belief. The Judge’s reasoning bears quoting
in full (at [121] and [124]–[125] of the Judgment):

121 The question that remains under s 2(1) of the Act, therefore, is whether
[the Appellant] discharged its burden of proving that it had reasonable
grounds to believe that its representation was true at the material time. I
find that [the Appellant] did not. [The Appellant] had in its control and
possession the Head Lease and the State Lease. Although [the Appellant] was
never of course a party to the State Lease, [the Appellant] had an obligation
under the Head Lease to be familiar with the terms and conditions of the State
Lease. Further, cl D18 of the Head Lease… obliged [the Appellant] to “comply
with and cause its sub-tenants… to observe and comply… with all terms and
conditions of” the State Lease. This obligation meant that [the Appellant],
when sub-letting the Premises, had a legal duty under the Head Lease to check
the terms and conditions of the State Lease. [The Appellant] owed this
obligation, of course, not to [the Respondent] but to Prologis as the
counterparty to the Head Lease. But the existence and purpose of this
obligation is nevertheless a factor to be weighed in determining the
reasonableness or otherwise of the grounds which [the Appellant] had for
making the representation to [the Respondent] that it did. The purpose of this
obligation is to ensure that [the Appellant] does not put Prologis in breach
of the terms of the State Lease by the terms of any sub-lease which it extends
to a third party. This is exactly what happened in this case: [the Appellant]
leased the Premises to the plaintiff for use as a showroom, putting Prologis
in breach of its obligations to SLA under the State Lease and thereby putting
itself in breach of its obligations to Prologis under the Head Lease. Mr
Kamphorst admitted that he had read the Head Lease and would have been alerted
to the existence of crucial information which may be contained in the State
Lease. I add for good measure that [the Appellant] was not a complete stranger
to the State Lease: it was [the Appellant’s] sister company RLG which
originally entered into it with the State.

…

124 Had [the Appellant] checked the State Lease, it would have become aware of
cl 2(ii) and 2(iii) of the State Lease, which allowed the lessor to determine
the enhanced value of the land with reference to the URA’s permission to
designate the Premises as an ancillary showroom and to reflect that enhanced
value in the form of a differential premium. Even though the permission had
been granted before the date of the State Lease, the State Lease incorporated
the Building Agreement which pre-dated the permission. The use of the land
under the State Lease was thus limited to the primary industrial use permitted
in land zoned B2 in the Master Plan. That use did not include the use of the
Premises as a showroom.

125 [The Appellant] was not suffering from any handicap in interpreting the
State Lease. It was legally advised at the time and could easily have shown
its lawyers the State Lease and sought legal advice on the obligations it had
under the State Lease and Head Lease. This would have been sufficient to
dispel any ambiguity about what cl 2 of the State Lease meant and whether
granting the Sub-Lease would put [the Appellant] in breach of its obligations
to Prologis.

88 The Judge’s reasoning may be summarised as follows:

(a) The Appellant had in its possession the Head Lease and the State Lease.

(b) The Appellant had an obligation not to put its own landlord (AMB and later
Prologis) in breach of the State Lease.

(c) _Had it checked the State Lease_ , the Appellant would have become aware
of clauses 2(ii) and 2(iii) thereof which granted the SLA the right to charge
a differential premium in circumstances that, in the end, eventuated.

(d) The Appellant was legally advised and could have sought a legal opinion on
the relevant terms in the State Lease.

89 Prof Goh attacked the reasoning of the Judge in the following manner. The
Appellant’s belief in the truth of the representation was reasonable because
_even if_ it had examined the relevant contractual documents, it would have
reasonably come to the view that the SLA did not have any right to charge a
differential premium. It could therefore not be faulted for its ignorance of
the SLA’s right to do so. The Appellant relies, in particular, on clause 3.3
of the Building Agreement, and clauses 1(i) and 2(i)(a) of the State Lease,
which, it says, have the cumulative effect that URA was always the first port
of call in relation to planning permission. For convenience, clauses 2(i) and
(ii) of the State Lease are reproduced as follows:

2\. And it is hereby agreed between the Lessor and the Lessee as follows: -

(i)The said development on the said land –

(a)may be for any use or uses that may be permitted by the Competent Authority
under the Planning Act (Cap. 232) for a ‘Business 2’ zoning in accordance with
the Master Plan Written Statement;

(b)shall have a total gross plot ratio not exceeding 2.0 (“maximum GPR”) but
not less than 1.6.

(ii)The provisions of sub-clause (i) shall apply unless a variation or change
thereof is approved in writing by the Lessor, which approval may be given
subject to such terms and conditions as the Lessor may impose and provided
that if such variation or change will in the opinion of the Lessor result in
an enhancement of the value of the said land the Lessee shall pay the Lessor
within such time as may be specified by way of differential premium such
amount as the Lessor may determine as the amount representing the enhanced
value of the said land.

90 The Appellant’s case is that it is apparent from these clauses that SLA’s
right to charge a differential premium was premised on there being a change in
use of the property in question, which in turn was premised on the URA’s
approval of such change in use. This two-step framework means that if and when
the URA comes to the view that some use for which planning permission was
obtained is outside the presently approved use, it will _state explicitly_
that there is a variation or change of use, triggering the SLA’s right to
examine that change and to charge a differential premium if that change
results in an enhancement in the value of the land. The example raised was
DHL’s request for a racking system to be installed on the second floor of the
Property. This increased the gross floor area of the Property beyond that
approved under clause 2(i) of the State Lease; planning permission was granted
by the URA and it was _explicitly stated_ in the grant of planning permission
that “[t]he applicant is to pay differential premium to the Commissioner of
Lands, Singapore Land Authority”.

91 In contrast, the Written Permission, by which the URA marked its approval
of the development plans for the Property, _including_ the planned use of the
Premises as a showroom, _did not state explicitly_ that the SLA was entitled
to charge a differential premium. The Written Permission was copied to “COL,
SLA”, that is, the Commissioner of Lands of the SLA. Furthermore, between
April 2007 (when the Written Permission was issued) and April 2011 (when the
SLA first raised the issue of the premium), the SLA was conspicuously silent
on the issue as to whether a differential premium was payable. That silence
fortified the Appellant’s belief that _only_ the URA’s permission was required
for the use of the Premises as a showroom, and that permission having
undoubtedly been obtained, _no further approvals were required_.

92 Prof Goh conceded that, on hindsight, it might have been prudent or even
wise for the Appellant to have checked directly with the SLA on whether a
differential premium was payable _before_ embarking on the process of finding
a lessee for the Premises. However, he argued, the key issue was whether the
grounds were _reasonable_ in _the circumstances_ , and in the circumstances,
_viz_ , the SLA’s deafening silence on the matter, plus Mr Kamphorst’s own
inquiries with the URA, it was reasonable to believe that the SLA’s approval
was not an issue at all. This view, he argued, was buttressed by the fact
that, _even with the benefit of legal advice_ , it took AMB and later Prologis
_over two months of communications with the SLA_ in order to clarify the
position (see above at [23]–[31]). It would thus _not_ have been reasonable to
expect the Appellant to come to the SLA’s view of the matter, in particular
because, with respect to issues arising under the State Lease including the
issue as to the differential premium, the SLA was willing to communicate _only
with AMB and Prologis_ who were the lessees under the State Lease, and not
with the Appellant, who was only the sub-lessee and therefore not privy to the
State Lease.

93 We admit to having some sympathy for the Appellant’s case. We agree that,
even if the State Lease had been reviewed by competent legal counsel, it is
likely that they would have found it difficult to accept that the SLA’s
approval was even an issue. We are much struck by the written communications
between the solicitors for AMB and Prologis on the one hand, and the SLA on
the other, in which it was clear that the former had _completely failed_ to
understand the source of the SLA’s objection to the Lease, whilst the latter
_had repeatedly failed to communicate its position with any clarity_. We point
to two specific instances.

94 First, the SLA wrote, on 5 July 2011 to the solicitors and, amongst other
things, enclosed a circular produced by the URA which had been sent to
professional institutes in 2003 (“the 2003 Circular”). The 2003 Circular
announced the relaxation of guidelines for industrial developments, in
particular, the permitting of independent operators for showrooms within all
developments, and not just developments fronting major roads. In particular,
the 2003 Circular said that:

… The owner or operator of the existing approved ancillary showrooms can
submit a development application for conversion to showroom for our
consideration if they satisfy the revised guidelines for showrooms.
_Differential premium or development charge will be levied, if any_. Existing
approved ancillary showrooms that cannot comply with the guidelines for
display area can continue to remain until redevelopment.

…

… If you or your members have any queries concerning this circular, please do
not hesitate to call our DCD Customer Service Hotline at Tel: 6223 4811 or
email us at **_URA_CSO@ura.gov.sg_**...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

We found it particularly striking that the extracted passages above give the
impression that _the URA_ (and _not_ any other agency, _and certainly not the
SLA_ , which was not mentioned by name anywhere in the 2003 Circular) was
primarily responsible for approving changes in use and levying differential
charges and premiums if any. The _reasonable_ inference (at least in so far as
this particular circular was concerned) is that, where approvals for showroom
use were concerned, there was _no necessity_ to have _any contact_ with _the
SLA_ at all.

95 The second instance occurred on 5 August 2011, when the solicitors wrote to
the SLA seeking further clarifications on three points, as follows:

(a) Whether it was the actual use as a showroom together with the grant of the
URA’s approval for the such use that attracted a differential premium;

(b) Whether the SLA’s approval had to be sought and differential premium paid,
after planning permission was obtained and the premises were actually used as
planned; and

(c) Whether there would be no breach of the State Lease if the premises were
left vacant or used in accordance with B2 zoning, provided that the URA’s
approval for this “reversion” in use was obtained.

It is clear that these questions completely missed the point, which was that
it was not the actual or planned use of the Premises as a showroom in 2011
under the Lease that had triggered the requirement to seek the SLA’s approval,
but the _original change of use in 2007 approved by the URA._

96 In this regard, Prof Goh also brought our attention to another circular
dated 1 July 2013 jointly sent to professional institutes by the URA _and_ the
SLA (“the 2013 Circular”), setting out a change in procedure for development
proposals that could result in a differential premium being paid. The old
procedure, applicable to the period with which we are concerned, was that the
SLA would assess whether a differential premium was payable _only after final
written permission was granted by the URA_. The change effected by the 2013
Circular was that the landowner would now be obliged to make this application
to the SLA _once provisional planning permission was granted._ Proof of
payment of any differential premium charged would then have to be provided to
the URA _before_ final written planning permission would be granted. If this
procedure had been in place in the present case, it is clear to us that this
litigation might not have occurred. The 2013 Circular is, of course, _legally
irrelevant_ to our determination of the present appeal, as it was circulated
only _after_ the present suit was filed in 2011. However, it highlights the
lack of clarity in the contractual documents, which, in our view, _contributed
materially_ to the issues faced by the parties. On perusing all the relevant
clauses, and reading them in the context of all the relevant documents,
including the Building Agreement, the Master Plan 2003, and the 2003 Circular
(but _not_ the 2013 Circular), we are unsure whether it would have been
_reasonably apparent_ that the SLA’s approval was required in the
circumstances. At this juncture, however, we should say that _neither_ party
disputed the correctness of the SLA’s entitlement to charge a differential
premium. We would therefore _not_ express any definite (and unnecessary)
conclusion on the matter.

97 Whilst, as we have said, we can sympathise with the position the Appellant
was faced with, the real question before us is whether the Appellant had
reasonable grounds to believe in the truth of the representation, _assessed in
the context of the circumstances that were subjectively present to its mind at
the material time_. In our view, the chief obstacle facing the Appellant’s
case is that _the Appellant had failed entirely to review the State Lease at
all_. Therefore, to a very considerable extent, Prof Goh’s submissions _did
not reflect_ the _actual and subjective state of mind of the Appellant during
the relevant time_. As Mr Kirindeep Singh (“Mr Singh”), counsel for the
Respondent, noted, the Appellant’s submissions on a reasonable interpretation
of the State Lease (see above at [89]–[92]), came as a surprise to him because
those arguments had not been raised before the Judge below, for the simple
reason that it is not disputed that the Appellant (or its agents) never read
the State Lease at all. The Judge found (at [97] of the Judgment) as a fact
that:

… neither party contemplated when they executed the Letter of Offer and the
[Lease] that either party would need to obtain approval from anyone other than
the URA for [the Appellant] to lease the Premises to [the Respondent] as a
showroom…

98 Further, at [120] of the Judgment, the Judge accepted that:

… [the Appellant] did believe up to the time it executed the Letter of Offer
and [Head Lease] that the Premises had been approved by the URA for use as a
showroom and needed no further approvals for such use. At the time [the
Appellant] made these representations, it did not appreciate that the State
Lease required SLA’s approval in addition to the URA’s approval. Mr Kamphorst
testified – and I believed him – that he was “led to believe” that no further
approvals would need to be obtained in order for the Premises to be used as a
showroom.

99 In other words, the clauses in the State Lease and their effect were,
subjectively, _absent_ from the minds of both parties and particularly the
Appellant’s at all the relevant times. The Appellant does not contest this
finding on appeal (and we can see no rational basis on which it might do so).
Thus, Prof Goh’s arguments miss the crucial point which constituted the crux
of the Judge’s decision in the court below: _Was the Appellant’s belief in the
truth of the representation it had made to the Respondent reasonable in light
of the fact that it had not checked the State Lease?_

100 We can appreciate why this was a point that weighed so heavily with the
Judge below. Checking the State Lease or inquiring with the SLA would appear
to be obvious and simple ways in which the Appellant might have been apprised
of the possibility of SLA asserting its right to charge a differential
premium. The Appellant is clearly not a total novice without any business
experience or acumen, but nevertheless it did neither of these things. In
coming to our decision, we admit this was the issue that most troubled us.
However, as we have emphasised in the introduction to this judgment (see above
at [1]), _the decision in each case must be entirely dependent on the
application of the proper principles to the particular facts before the
court_. This _must_ entail an assessment of the _entire factual matrix_ ; it
would be a mistake to fix the judicial attention on _isolated facts_ instead
of considering them in their _full context_. The focus of the inquiry before
us is the reasonableness (or otherwise) of the Appellant’s grounds for
believing that the representation it had made to the Respondent was true, _and
not_ on whether the Appellant ought or ought not to have taken merely one
particular course of action or another. Instead, the Appellant’s failure to
check the State Lease or with the SLA, although not unimportant, must be
assessed (objectively) against _all_ the circumstances that were present to
its mind throughout the relevant period.

101 In our considered judgment, the _relevant circumstances_ , which were
indubitably present to the Appellant’s mind, were as follows:

(a) A differential premium, by its very definition, was payable at the point
at which a property was developed, or subsequently enhanced through any change
in use.

(b) From its inception, the Property had been developed (and approved for such
development) as a “5 storey single-user light industrial development
comprising showroom at 1st storey and warehouse from 2nd to 4th storey and
ancillary office at 5th storey”.

(c) The developer RLG was obliged to develop the land in accordance with this
approved use.

(d) There was no evidence on record of any further “change” to this use that
might have put the Appellant on notice that SLA’s right to charge a
differential premium might have been triggered.

(e) There was only one apparent restriction in relation to how the showroom
could be used – there could no retail sales.

(f) There was no other evidence on the record of any other restrictions
whatsoever on the use of the Premises.

(g) All the approvals referenced in the Letter of Offer, the Lease and the
negotiations leading up to it, _did not_ refer to the approval _of the SLA of
a change in use on payment of a differential premium_. Instead, the Lease was
_predicated_ on the Premises being approved for use as a showroom, albeit one
with restrictions on retail trade.

(h) Mr Kamphorst had inquired of URA whether further approvals were required
and was told nothing more was needed (see above at [14]).

(i) Mr Kamphorst had also inquired the same of the lessor, AMB, and received
an answer in similar terms.

102 We are of the view that, judged against these circumstances _taken as a
whole_ , the misrepresentation complained of in this case was, in the final
analysis, _innocently made_ , and therefore did _not_ render the Appellant
liable under s 2(1). We cannot see how it would be reasonable to expect any
person in the shoes of the Appellant, faced with _those facts_ and in _those
circumstances_ , to have realised _before the Lease was entered into_ that
_the SLA_ might have a right to charge a differential premium. From the time
the Property was developed in 2006 up to the time the Respondent signed the
Lease, the (mis)understanding of all the relevant parties – the developer RLG,
the head lessor AMB, the Appellant, and the Respondent – was that the Premises
_could_ be used as a showroom, albeit one in which retail activities were not
permitted. That a differential premium was, in fact, payable, was a fact that
could _only be known by the SLA_ ; and the SLA, for reasons best known to
itself, kept this crucial piece of information to itself. In our view, the
present litigation had its genesis in _this_ unfortunate misunderstanding that
had its roots in the very development of the Property. To the mind of the
Appellant, that was the default or starting point; the inquiry must therefore
focus on what (if anything) happened in the interim to put the Appellant on
notice, and we can find nothing in the record that could have had this effect.

103 Hence, we do not think, _in the context of these circumstances and these
circumstances only_ , that a reasonable person in the shoes of the Appellant
would have checked the State Lease or inquired with the SLA as to whether
there were any clogs on its ability to lease the Premises out for use as a
showroom. We note that the Appellant did check the position with the URA, the
only check which, from its perspective, was necessary. Further, the issue of
the SLA’s approval was _not_ such an obvious or apparent issue that the fact
of the Appellant’s failure to check the State Lease or with the SLA would,
_ipso facto_ , render the Appellant liable under s 2(1). We should add (as we
have in fact observed above at [93] and [96]) that we are unsure if any such
checks, _even if_ carried out with the assistance of competent legal advice,
would have uncovered the _specific issue_ relating to the necessity of seeking
the SLA’s approval _in these circumstances_. A check _might_ have uncovered
the fact that SLA had a _general_ right to charge a differential premium for
approving any change in use, but that is not the same thing at all.

104 We therefore respectfully disagree with the Judge’s finding (see [124] of
the Judgment) that the Appellant did not pass the test of reasonable belief
under s 2(1) as it had failed to check the State Lease.

105 In so far as the question as to whether the Appellant ought to have
checked the position with the SLA is concerned, the objective evidence was
that _the SLA had remained silent on its right to charge a differential
premium for almost four years_. There was no evidence to explain this delay at
all, let alone in terms that _might_ have put the Appellant on notice.
Furthermore, there was evidence that the SLA would only have been willing to
communicate with only those parties privy to the State Lease (AMB/Prologis)
instead of the Appellant, who was their sub-tenant (see the Judgment at
[57]–[59]). In our view, it would not be reasonable to expect that any prior
checks with the SLA would have uncovered the true position sooner.

106 We make one further observation – _if_ the true position _had_ been
readily apparent from a reference to the State Lease, this _might_ have been
_objective_ evidence for the drawing of an inference that, _subjectively_ ,
the Appellant had been careless or even wilfully blind to the existence of the
SLA’s specific rights under the State Lease to charge a differential premium
_in this case_ (a clear illustration of this is the decision in _Shepheard_
(see also above at [72] and [73]). Conversely, if the position was not quite
as clear as one might have expected (which is what we have found), then such
an inference _would not readily be drawn_. We should add that in this case,
given the Appellant’s failure even to check the State Lease, it _cannot_ rely
on the apparent imprecision with which the State Lease was drafted to argue
that such imprecision _was a reasonable ground_ for its belief in the truth of
its representation. As we have said, the _only_ grounds on which a representor
may rely are those that were _subjectively present to its mind_ at the
relevant time.

107 Finally, whilst we have said that we express _no_ definitive position on
the _correctness_ of SLA’s right to charge a differential premium in this
case, given the SLA’s view that its right in this particular regard dated from
24 April 2007 (when RLG obtained Written Permission from the URA for its
development plans (see above at [9])), we are of the view that _had the SLA
asserted its right early on in the process, much of the present litigation
might have been avoided_. As we have noted above at [105], the SLA’s
unfortunate silence on the matter, _over a period of almost four years_ ,
coupled with the serendipitous manner in which its right came to light in 2011
(see above at [23]–[24]), would, in our judgment, have led a reasonable person
in the shoes of the Appellant to conclude that no other approval other than
the URA’s was required for the Premises to be used as a showroom. As we
observed above at [32], it has never been satisfactorily explained to-date why
the SLA had not simply imposed a differential premium from the very beginning
of the process, in 2007, when the development of the Property was first
approved, or at any rate whilst the developer RLG was still negotiating the
terms of the State Lease. The only explanation given was found in the SLA’s
letter to Prologis of 26 July 2011 (see above at [32]), in which the SLA
referred to a developer’s professional consultants seeking as a matter of
course the SLA’s views on whether a differential premium might be chargeable.
We note that there was no evidence before us as to whether the professional
consultants in this case had or had not done so. In any case, this would _not_
be relevant to the assessment of the reasonableness of the _Appellant’s_
beliefs because the Appellant was _not_ the developer of the Property and had
no right, in that capacity, to seek any approvals or clarifications from any
authority.

108 As, in our judgment, the Appellant has demonstrated that it had reasonable
grounds to believe in the truth of the representation, and that the Appellant
did believe in the truth of the representation up to the time the contract was
made, it must follow that the Respondent would _not_ be entitled to damages
under s 2(1).

Whether liability for misrepresentation was excluded by Clause 6.9 of the
Lease

109 For completeness, we deal with the Appellant’s further fall-back position
which is that even if it is unable to avail itself of the statutory defence in
s 2(1), it can rely on the exclusion clause in the Lease. The Appellant’s case
is that, as a matter of principle, entire agreement clauses _can_ preclude
liability for misrepresentation, and further, that Clause 6.9 _has_ such an
effect. Clause 6.9 reads as follows:

**_No representations_**

The Tenant shall accept [the Premises] “as is where is” on the Handover Date.
The Landlord shall not be bound by any representations or promises with
respect to the Building and its appurtenances, or in respect of [the
Premises], except as expressly set forth in this Lease with the object and
intention that the whole of the agreement between the Landlord and the Tenant
shall be set forth herein (save for any terms or modifications thereof or
supplements thereto which may be expressly agreed in writing between the
parties), and shall in no way be modified by any discussions which may have
preceded the signing of this Lease. The landlord does not expressly or
impliedly warrant that [the Premises] are now or will remain suitable or
adequate for all or any of the purposes of the Tenant and all warranties (if
any) as to suitability and adequacy of [the Premises] implied by law are
hereby expressly negated.

[emphasis in original]

110 Prof Goh advanced the following propositions in so far as this particular
argument was concerned:

(a) Entire agreement clauses _can_ preclude liability for misrepresentation.

(b) The words of exclusion must be clear, but this turns on the facts (and, in
this case, they were clear).

(c) The effect of Clause 6.9, read in the proper context, is to deny the
existence of any representation.

111 Prof Goh relied on the English Court of Appeal decision of _AXA Sun Life
Services Plc v Campbell Martin Ltd & Ors_ [2011] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 1, in
particular, the following passage at [94] from the judgment of Rix LJ:

In my judgment, this jurisprudence confirms my provisional conclusion on the
wording of clause 24. No doubt all such cases are only authority for each
clause’s particular wording: nevertheless it seems to me that there are
certain themes which deserve recognition. Among them is that the exclusion of
liability for misrepresentation has to be clearly stated. It can be done by
clauses which state the parties’ agreement that there have been no
representations made; or that there has been no reliance on any
representations; or by an express exclusion of liability for
misrepresentation. _However, save in such contexts, and particularly where the
word “representations” takes its place alongside other words expressive of
contractual obligation, talk of the parties’ contract superseding such prior
agreement will not by itself absolve a party of misrepresentation where its
ingredients can be proved._ [emphasis added]

112 Prof Goh placed emphasis on Rix LJ’s characterisation of the three ways in
which exclusion of liability may be effected: first, by the parties agreeing
that no representations were made; secondly, by the parties agreeing that
there was no reliance on any representation; and, finally, by an _express_
exclusion of liability for misrepresentation. Prof Goh said that Clause 6.9
works in the first and third ways: it is both an agreement that no
representations were made (exemplified by the heading to the clause, which
read “No representations”), as well as an express exclusion of liability
clause.

113 With respect, we do not agree that Clause 6.9, read as a whole, is either
clear enough or goes far enough to exclude liability for the Appellant’s
misrepresentation. The second sentence of that clause states clearly that the
Appellant expressed itself to be bound _only_ by those “representations or
promises with respect to the Building and its appurtenances” that have been
expressly set forth in the Lease. When this sentence is read as a whole, it is
clear that the _entire_ clause is an entire agreement clause, in the sense
that it stipulates that no representations or promises except those expressed
in the Lease can have _contractual_ effect. The landlord’s right not to be
bound by any representations thus has to be read in conjunction with the
“object and intention” of the parties that the whole agreement was contained
in the four walls of the Lease. In this regard, the italicised portion of Rix
LJ’s judgment, reproduced above at [111], is entirely on point – in Clause
6.9, the word “representations” is employed alongside words expressive of
contractual obligations dealing, in particular, with when a “representation”
may be taken to have become a contractual term, and _not_ whether any
representation is denuded of legal effect in a claim for misrepresentation.
Thus, Clause 6.9 has no application whatsoever to _pre-contractual_
representations leading to a claim in misrepresentation. In our judgment,
Clause 6.9 does not _clearly_ exclude liability for misrepresentation and the
Appellant _cannot_ avail itself of the clause.

The first miscellaneous issue: whether the Respondent could have recovered
what it claimed under an indemnity for innocent misrepresentation

114 We turn to a consideration of the Respondent’s argument that the
Respondent could still recover all the sums it claimed under an indemnity for
_innocent_ misrepresentation. This was the Respondent’s fall-back argument in
the event that, as we have found, the Appellant _did_ have reasonable grounds
to believe in the truth of the representation.

115 The general position is that the victim of an innocent misrepresentation,
who relies on that misrepresentation and enters into a contract thereby
suffering loss, has a right to rescind the contract and be restored to his
original position. As Prof Koh put it (see _Koh_ at para 11.098):

… This involves first the _avoidance_ of the transaction _ab initio_ , and
second the _restoration_ of the parties to the position occupied prior to the
entry into the contract. The effect of the first is the cancellation of all
future obligations, and the second involves the retrospective restoration of
any benefits that may already have been transferred at the date of the
rescission. This involves the “giving and taking back on both sides”.
[emphasis in original]

116 The basis for an order for the giving and taking back on both sides was
explained by Lord Wright in the House of Lords decision of _Spence v Crawford_
[1939] 3 All ER 271 in the following terms (at 288):

… A case of innocent misrepresentation may be regarded rather as one of
misfortune than as one of moral obliquity. There is no deceit or intention to
defraud. The court will be less ready to pull a transaction to pieces where
the defendant is innocent, whereas in the case of fraud the court will
exercise its jurisdiction to the full in order, if possible, to prevent the
defendant from enjoying the benefit of his fraud at the expense of the
innocent plaintiff. _Restoration, however, is essential to the idea of
restitution._ To take the simplest case, if a plaintiff who has been defrauded
seeks to have the contract annulled and his money or property restored to him,
it would be inequitable if he did not also restore what he had got under the
contract from the defendant. _Though the defendant has been fraudulent, he
must not be robbed, nor must the plaintiff be unjustly enriched, as he would
be if he both got back what he had parted with and kept what he had received
in return._ [emphasis added]

117 The distinction between the indemnity to which the plaintiff is entitled
for innocent misrepresentation and damages was discussed by Bowen LJ in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Newbigging v Adam_ (1886) 34 Ch D 582 (“
_Newbigging_ ”) as follows (at 592–593):

If we turn to the question of misrepresentation, damages cannot be obtained at
law for misrepresentation which is not fraudulent, and you cannot, as it seems
to me, _give in equity any indemnity which corresponds with damages_. … [B]ut
when you come to consider what is the exact relief to which a person is
entitled in a case of misrepresentation it seems to me to be this, and nothing
more, that he is entitled to have the contract rescinded, and is entitled
accordingly to all the incidents and consequences of such rescission. It is
said that the injured party is entitled to be replaced in _statu quo_. _It
seems to me that when you are dealing with innocent misrepresentation you must
understand that proposition that he is to be replaced in statu quo with this
limitation – that he is not to be replaced in exactly the same position in all
respects, otherwise he would be entitled to recover damages, but is to be
replaced in his position so far as regards the rights and obligations which
have been created by the contract into which he has been induced to enter_.
[emphasis added]

118 We agree. Where the misrepresentation is innocent and the representor has
satisfied the test of reasonable belief in s 2(1), care must be taken that the
plaintiff is not to be placed in the same position as before _in all respects_
, but _only_ as regards those _obligations_ which have been created by the
contract into which he has been induced to enter by the misrepresentation. We
therefore endorse the observation made by this court in _Forum Development Pte
Ltd v Global Accent Trading Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 1097
(“ _Forum Development_ ”) (at [26]) that:

… The proper relief to be granted in the case of innocent misrepresentation is
a rescission of the contract and an indemnity of all _obligations_ under the
contract. [emphasis added]

119 Applying this principle to the present case, we are of the view that the
undisputed result of the indemnity given to the innocent representee is that
the Respondent could recover certain payments made to the Appellant being the
security deposit of $345,625; pre-paid rent of $73,963.75; and double payment
of rent of $69,125, as these sums had been paid under the Lease. These were
indubitably obligations under the Lease.

120 The nub of the argument before us, however, is whether the further and
larger sum of $888,685.90, being the cost of fitting out works incurred by the
Respondent, could be recovered by way of an indemnity, instead of in damages
as originally pleaded (see above at [36(c)(ii)]). We observe, parenthetically,
that while there were other sums claimed for in damages, which _might_ equally
have been claimed for under an indemnity, the Respondent focused on the cost
of fitting out works as that constituted, in terms of the quantum involved,
the majority of its claim.

121 The Judge below found, at [155] of the Judgment, that:

… It suffices to point out that such an indemnity is available to indemnify
the rescinding party only against losses suffered as a result of performing
its obligations under the rescinded contract. [The Respondent] can therefore
recover its losses… under such an indemnity only to the extent that it can
prove that it incurred those losses in performing its _obligations_ under the
[Lease]. With respect to the largest of these claims, the fitting out costs, I
am not satisfied that that can correctly be characterised as an obligation
under the [Lease]. Certainly, if the [Lease] had not been rescinded and [the
Respondent] had failed to carry out the fitting out works but continued to pay
rent as and when due, I doubt that [the Appellant] would have had any action
for breach of contract. That suggests to me that the fitting out works were
not an obligation under the [Lease]. [emphasis in original]

122 Mr Singh, relying on the passage cited above from _Newbigging_ (see above
at [117]), argued for the Respondent that the correct principle is that the
plaintiff victim is to be replaced in his position so far as regards the
_rights and obligations_ which have been created by the contract into which he
has been induced to enter. Thus, even if the Respondent was not _obliged_ to
fit out the Premises, it indubitably had the _right_ to do so, and having paid
that very substantial sum in the exercise of its _right_ to fit out the
premises, was entitled to an indemnity for that sum. Mr Singh relied on _Forum
Development_ at [28] in which this court allowed the plaintiff’s claim for
expenses incurred in setting up the demised premises for business, in effect,
costs for renovations which in principle were fitting out costs. Mr Singh’s
fall-back position was that, in any case, the fitting out costs were incurred
as an _obligation_ under the Lease.

123 With respect, we disagree. We doubt, in the first place, that the right to
an indemnity in respect of an innocent misrepresentation extends to sums
expended in the exercise of _rights_ under a contract; and, in the second
place, that there was a positive _obligation_ under the Lease to fit out the
Premises. Let us elaborate.

124 In our view, whilst the sum expended in fitting out the Premises was no
doubt a _loss_ to the representee, it ought to be recoverable _only in an
action for damages_. From the authorities we have referred to above, the true
principle is that the victim is _not_ to be made good in _every_ respect, _but
only_ in respect of _obligations_ under the contract, and on this point we do
not think that that passage in _Newbigging_ relied on by the Respondent (see
above at [117]) is authority for the wider proposition that an indemnity can
be stretched to cover sums expended in exercise of rights under a contract
entered into in reliance on an innocent misrepresentation. The word “rights”
has to be read in context, and in particular the following passage from the
same judgment of Bowen LJ (at 594–595):

… I must assume that the Master of the Rolls spoke with full knowledge of the
equity authorities, and he treats the relief as being the giving back by the
party who made the misrepresentation of the advantages he obtained by the
contract. Now those advantages may be of two kinds. He may get an advantage in
the shape of an actual benefit, as when he receives money; he may also get an
advantage if the party with whom he contracts assumes some burthen in
consideration of the contract. _In such a case it seems to me that complete
rescission would not be effected unless the misrepresenting party not only
hands back the benefits which he has himself received – but also re-assumes
the burthen which under the contract the injured person has taken upon
himself._ Speaking only for myself I should not like to lay down the
proposition that a person is to be restored to the position which he held
before the misrepresentation was made, nor that the person injured must be
indemnified against loss which arises out of the contract, unless you place
upon the words “out of the contract” the limited and special meaning which I
have endeavoured to shadow forth. _Loss arising out of the contract is a term
which would be too wide. It would embrace damages at common law, because
damages at common law are only given upon the supposition that they are
damages which would naturally and reasonably follow from the injury done_. …
There ought, as it appears to me, to be a giving back and a taking back on
both sides, including the giving back and taking back of the obligations which
the contract has created, as well as the giving back and the taking back of
the advantages. [emphasis added]

125 As Farwell J noted in the subsequent (and oft-cited) English High Court
decision of _Whittington v Seale-Hayne_ (1900) 82 LT 49 (“ _Whittington_ ”)
(at 51), the speeches in _Newbigging_ do not agree entirely, but the correct
position of law was that stated in the passage above from the judgment of
Bowen LJ. In _Whittington_ , the plaintiffs were breeders of valuable prize
poultry who had leased premises from the defendant for the purpose of housing
their poultry business. It emerged that the premises were unsanitary and the
water supply was bad, so that the plaintiffs were not only obliged (under the
terms of the lease) to repair the premises but also lost much of their stock
of poultry. The plaintiffs sued on the basis that the defendant had
misrepresented that the premises were in sanitary condition. It was found that
the misrepresentation was innocent, and the issue before Farwell J was whether
the value of the poultry stock lost, as well as loss arising from the loss of
breeding season, costs incurred for removal of storage and other incidental
losses, could be claimed under the indemnity for innocent misrepresentation.
Applying that passage we have cited from _Newbigging_ , Farwell J found that
these items were “really damages pure and simple” (at 51) but that rents,
rates and the cost of repairs, which were obligations under the lease, were
recoverable.

126 We agree with the holding in _Whittington_ , and in our view the principle
espoused there, and in the passage we have cited from _Newbigging_ (see above
at [117]), is an important principle of limitation that clearly demarcates, on
principled grounds, the essential difference between, on the one hand, the
equitable remedy that is an indemnity for obligations incurred under the
rescinded lease, and damages on the other hand. The indemnity for innocent
misrepresentation applies to _both parties_ , as the formula “giving and
taking back on both sides” suggests; and it follows that the representee can
recover only those benefits which he was _obliged_ to give, and in return the
representor re-assumes those burdens which he was _obliged_ to pass under the
contract, and _vice versa_. Any other loss would be recoverable only by way of
a claim for damages, because such loss cannot be linked to an unwinding or a
reversal of the parties’ obligations. Thus, we do not think that the fitting
out cost should be part of the indemnity, for the simple reason that it is
_neither_ a contracted-for benefit received by the Appellant, _nor_ is it a
burden that had passed to the Respondent under the contract. The sum expended
in fitting out costs is, in fact, _a dead loss to both parties_. _As a matter
of principle_ , it therefore ought to fall outside the indemnity afforded as a
remedy for innocent misrepresentation.

127 We also doubt the correctness of the Respondent’s fall-back argument that
there was in fact an obligation on the Respondent to fit out the Premises. To
our minds, this is simply not apparent from the terms of the Lease at all. Mr
Singh, however, relied on the following clause 3.9.1 of the Lease:

To carry out at the Tenant’s own cost and expense all works _required by the
Tenant_ for purpose of fitting out [the Premises] including the installation
of air-conditioning units to [the Premises] and to comply with Fitting Out
Plans as approved by the Head Landlord, Landlord, Main Contractor, Project
Consultants, and all relevant authorities. The Tenant shall, on demand by the
Landlord, at its own costs carry out any rectification to the Tenant’s Works
which are considered necessary or desirable by the Main Contractor, the
Project Consultants, the Head Landlord, Landlord and/or the competent
authorities within the time stipulated by the Landlord. [emphasis added]

128 With respect, we do not see this clause as supporting Mr Singh’s case in
any way. The tenant (the Respondent) is only obliged to carry out fitting out
works _in accordance with the approved plans_ ; there is _no obligation_ on it
to carry fitting out works at all. Further, and crucially, such fitting out is
necessary _only to the extent_ “required by the Tenant” and therefore _cannot_
be said to be an obligation arising out of the Lease. If the Respondent had
sat on its hands and refused to carry out any fitting out works at all, we do
not think that the Appellant would have any cause of action for breach of
contract, so long as the rents stipulated for were paid. In this regard,
_Forum Development_ can be distinguished as, in that case, the court found
that the expenses incurred in setting up the premises “were in fact carried
out to the satisfaction of the landlord and _pursuant to the tenant’s
obligations under the lease_ ” [emphasis added] (at [28]).

129 Given our finding that the misrepresentation was wholly innocent, we note
that it _might_ have been open to the Respondent to claim damages in lieu of
rescission of the Lease under ss 2(2) and 2(3) of the Misrepresentation Act,
which state as follows:

(2) Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation has
been made to him otherwise than fraudulently, and he would be entitled, by
reason of the misrepresentation, to rescind the contract, then, if it is
claimed, in any proceedings arising out of the contract, that the contract
ought to be or has been rescinded, the court or arbitrator may declare the
contract subsisting and award damages in lieu of rescission, if of opinion
that it would be equitable to do so, having regard to the nature of the
misrepresentation and the loss that would be caused by it if the contract were
upheld, as well as to the loss that rescission would cause to the other party.

(3) Damages may be awarded against a person under subsection (2) whether or
not he is liable to damages under subsection (1), but where he is so liable
any award under subsection (2) shall be taken into account in assessing his
liability under subsection (1).

130 Whilst the Respondent _did not_ include an alternative claim for damages
in lieu of rescission under s 2(2), this would not _per se_ be a bar to such
relief because the remedy of damages in lieu of rescission is, on the plain
words of the section, an exercise of the court’s discretion that turns on
whether the court is “of opinion that it would be equitable to do so, having
regard to the nature of the misrepresentation and the loss that would be
caused by it if the contract were upheld, as well as to the loss that
rescission would cause to the other party”. In our view, this discretion is to
be exercised _only in accordance with established principles_ , the foremost
of which is that, where the misrepresentation is slight or relatively
unimportant in the circumstances of the case, so that rescission _may_ be a
disproportionately harsh on the _representor_ , damages _may_ be awarded in
lieu thereof. As the 1962 Report put it at para 11:

… In some cases the result could be as harsh on the representor as the absence
of a right to rescind under the present law can be on the representee. …

131 We agree and endorse the view of _Koh_ at para 11.244 (referring to the
English Court of Appeal decision of _William Sindall plc v Cambridgeshire
County Council_ [1994] 1 WLR 1016 at 1036) that _in general_ , where the
misrepresentation is relatively unimportant in relation to the subject matter
of the contract, damages in lieu of rescission _may_ be an appropriate relief.
This is the rationale for the balancing exercise that the court is required to
perform before awarding relief under s 2(2) (see also _Koh_ at paras
11.243–11.244). However, we are reluctant, in this case, to perform this
exercise, first, because neither party had presented arguments on whether a
remedy under s 2(2) would have been appropriate; and, secondly, and more
importantly, because the misrepresentation in this case _went to the heart of
the contract_ so that the Lease could not, realistically, have been performed,
and there would therefore be little merit or common sense in upholding it.

132 Thus, in this case, the misrepresentation was _not_ relatively unimportant
in relation to the subject matter of the contract. More crucially, the
situation was not only extreme _but also an extremely clear one_. In the
premises, it would have been considerably simpler to analyse the case as a
question of whether a straightforward action for breach of contract could have
been maintained by the Respondent, and it is to this second miscellaneous
issue that our attention now turns.

The second miscellaneous issue: Whether this appeal could have been resolved
on the basis of the finding of a breach of contract instead

133 The Respondent did plead, as one of its causes of action, damages for
breach of contract, but the Judge declined (see [157]–[158] of the Judgment)
to render a decision on this point on the basis that first, damages had
already been assessed as owing to the Respondent under s 2(1); and secondly,
it was a less advantageous way of framing the Respondent’s case because it
affirmed the contractual relationship between the parties and therefore left
the Respondent open to the Appellant’s counterclaim for damages.

134 With respect, it is unfortunate that the Judge declined to render a
decision on this point as it seems to us that analysing the case as a simple
one involving a breach of contract might have been more appropriate in the
circumstances of this case. Under the terms of the Lease, the Appellant had
the obligation to make the Premises available for the Respondent’s use as a
showroom. Upon the SLA’s demand for a differential premium, the Appellant
could have done one of two things. First, it could have taken the position,
_vis-à-vis_ its own landlord AMB, _either_ that the SLA had no right to impose
that differential premium, _or_ that it was not permissible under the Head
Lease to pass that differential premium on to the Appellant. Secondly, it
could have accepted and paid the differential premium. In either case, what it
_indisputably could not do was to pass that differential premium on to the
Respondent under the terms of the Lease_. It had no basis to do so in law. But
this was, in fact, what it attempted to do, and we are satisfied that in
making that attempt, the Appellant evinced by word or conduct an intention
that it was unable or unwilling to perform its obligation to lease the
Premises to the Respondent (see, for example, the decisions of this court in
_San International Pte Ltd (formerly known as San Ho Huat Construction Pte
Ltd) v Keppel Engineering Pte Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 447 at [20] and _RDC
Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2007] 4 SLR(R)
413, especially at [93]), and was therefore in repudiatory breach of the
Lease, for which damages would be assessable.

135 The Respondent pointed to a number of communications that made this clear:
up to the end of July 2011, its solicitors were urgently pressing the
Appellant’s solicitors to explain the status of the discussions with the SLA
and to give a date on which the fitting out works could resume and business
could commence. The parties met on 25 August 2011 at which time the Appellant
proposed that the differential premium be passed in its entirety to the
Respondent. On 21 September 2011, the Appellant wrote to the Respondent, now
proposing that Prologis would pay a reduced differential premium to the SLA,
but that the sum would be amortised over the term of the Lease and passed to
the Appellant, which in turn would pass the same to the Respondent as a
supplement to the monthly rent under the Lease. This would have resulted in an
increase of 57 cents psf on the rent, an increase of over 30%. Unsurprisingly,
the Respondent refused to accept this proposal. We are satisfied that the
operative date on which the Appellant evinced an intention not to be bound by
the terms of the Lease is therefore 21 September 2011.

136 Before us, Prof Goh for the Appellant raised the defence that the
Appellant had not breached the Lease because clauses 3.14.2 and 3.14.3 of the
Lease passes to the Respondent the obligation to check with any “relevant
government authorities” whether the Premises were authorised for the given
use, including SLA’s approval under the State Lease. With respect, we do not
agree with this submission. The relevant words of the Lease are that the
Respondent had the burden of obtaining from the “relevant government
authorities” such approvals and consents as were necessary for the stipulated
use of the Premises, but we do not think this phrasing could reasonably be
stretched to include the SLA’s approval _vis-à-vis_ the charging of a
differential premium, because, while the SLA is a “government authority”, it
was not in fact acting here as a “government authority” but as a landlord, or,
more precisely, as a body standing in the shoes of the lessor under the State
Lease. As the Judge astutely noted at [101] of the Judgment:

… But in the parties’ contractual arrangements, the fact that the SLA is a
government authority is a mere coincidence. The SLA’s approval for [the
Appellant] to lease the Premises to [the Respondent] as a showroom was not
required in the same sense as the URA’s approval was required. …

137 However, given our finding that the Appellant _had_ made a
misrepresentation to the Respondent, albeit an innocent misrepresentation, the
Respondent _must_ therefore choose whether to rescind the Lease _ab initio_
for misrepresentation, albeit without the award of damages under s 2(1) (and
we would _not_ endorse a finding that damages would be available under s 2(2)
for the reasons at [130]–[131] above), _or_ to rescind it (for repudiatory
breach of contract) and claim damages for such breach.

138 We should add, for the sake of clarity, that whilst we have used the same
term “rescission” in both cases, the remedy afforded to the Respondent in the
_latter_ option is _not_ , strictly speaking, rescission of the contract such
as to _unwind it from the beginning_ (rescission for _misrepresentation_ , in
contrast, involving an allegation that there was a defect in the _formation_
of the contract), but is, rather, legal shorthand for _accepting_ a
repudiatory breach of contract, _absolving_ either party from further
_performance_ , _and allowing_ the innocent party to claim damages for breach
(see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision of _Howard-Jones v
Tate_ [2012] 2 All ER 369 at [15] as well as _Treitel_ at para 9-082). Should
the Respondent elect in favour of this latter option, it would be entitled to
have its damages assessed by the Registrar, but it also remains open to the
Appellant to assert its counterclaim for damages against the Respondent, an
issue to which we now turn.

The Appellant’s counterclaim

139 The Appellant’s counterclaim is, in essence, for loss of rental from the
moment the Lease was repudiated by the Respondent (which it claims was 24
October 2011), to the end of the Lease. We are satisfied that this counter-
claim is, to a large extent, without merit. As the Judge found (at [56] of the
Judgment), on 6 June 2011, the Appellant’s Mr Kamphorst agreed that, due to
the discussions with the SLA, the Respondent would _not_ have to pay rent
throughout the period that the fitting out works were suspended. The
Respondent halted fitting out works later that day and fitting out never
resumed; it appeared that the Respondent then commenced _reinstatement_ works
in October 2011 with a view to returning the Premises to the Appellant. In
view of the Appellant’s concession on the point of rent, the only rent that
was payable to the Appellant was from 1 June 2011 to 06 June 2011, being the
period _after_ the two-month rent-free period for fitting out, but _before_
the Respondent halted fitting out works in response to Mr Kamphorst’s
assurances. As the Respondent had pre-paid the June rent in full, the
Appellant’s counterclaim must fail, except that the Appellant would be
entitled to a set-off for that period which we have referred to.

Conclusion

140 For the reasons set out above, the appeal is allowed in part. We find that
the Appellant’s misrepresentation was innocent, entitling the Respondent to
rescind the Lease and to a consequential indemnity for sums paid over as part
of its obligations under the Lease.

141 The Appellant has not succeeded in full in the present appeal because we
_also_ find that the Appellant, in attempting to pass on the differential
premium, was in _repudiatory breach_ of the terms of the Lease. The Respondent
is therefore put to an election between rescinding the Lease for a wholly
innocent misrepresentation (see the preceding paragraph) _or_ rescinding the
Lease for a repudiatory breach of contract accompanied by a claim in damages
for that breach. In this last-mentioned regard, the Respondent would be
entitled to damages to be assessed on the normal principles, save for the set-
off which we have referred to above at [139].

142 As neither party has fully succeeded in the present appeal, we will hear
the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Dec 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

