Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Titan Unity”  
[2014] SGHCR 4

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 276 of 2012 (Summons No 3952 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Toh Kian Sing SC, Mr Ting Yong Hong and Mr Nathanael
Lin (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; Mr Chan Leng Sun SC (Baker &
McKenzie.Wong & Leow) instructed by Mr Dennis Tan and Mr Edwin Cai
(DennisMathiew) for the first defendant; Mr Thio Shen Yi SC (TSMP Law
Corporation) and Mr Kenneth Tan SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership) instructed by Ms
Tan Mui Tze (Pan Asia Wikborg Rein LLC) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  The "Titan Unity"  
  
4 February 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR:

Introduction

1 The growing sophistication of international commercial transactions has led
to the increasing incidence of complex disputes involving multiple parties and
multiple contracts arising from a single commercial enterprise, with the
traditional two-party dispute scenario fast becoming the exception rather than
the norm. Consequently, international arbitration, as the leading mode of
resolving international commercial disputes, increasingly finds itself faced
with difficult and arguably as yet unresolved issues relating to joinder of
third parties and consolidation of disputes.

2 It was decided in _The “Titan Unity”_ [2013] SGHCR 28 (‘ _The “Titan
Unity”’_) that the applicable threshold to determine the _existence_ of an
arbitration agreement in order to invoke the the court’s jurisdiction to grant
a stay in favour of arbitration pursuant to section 6 of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap. 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) is that of a _prima facie_
standard. As the court was satisfied that there exists an arbitration
agreement between the plaintiff, (“Portigon”) and the first defendant demise
charterer (“Oceanic”), the action against Oceanic was stayed in favour of
arbitration at the Singapore Chamber of Maritime Arbitration (“SCMA”). The
present decision deals with the application made by the second defendant
shipowner (“Singapore Tankers”) to set aside and strike out Portigon’s action,
and the question of whether this court should order that Singapore Tankers be
joined to the arbitration proceedings between Portigon and Oceanic.

Background

3 As the background to the dispute has been set out in _The “Titan Unity”_ at
[2] to [6], it would suffice for the purposes of the present decision to
highlight the following facts.

4 Portigon provided financing to a company, Onsys Energy Pte Ltd (“Onsys”) for
the purchase of a cargo of fuel oil by the issuance of a letter of credit
dated 20 January 2012. As the holder of bills of lading which acknowledges the
carriage of a cargo of 5,003.373 MT of fuel oil 380CST on board the vessel
(“bills of lading”), “TITAN UNITY” (official no. 393242) (“the vessel”),
Portigon commenced a claim in misdelivery of cargo by filing an admiralty in
rem action against both defendants on 26 July 2012.

5 As pleaded by Portigon in its statement of claim, the bills of lading
contained a clear and unequivocal representation that Singapore Tankers was
the contractual carrier of the cargo, because the master of the vessel (an
employee of the manager of the vessel, Titan Ocean Pte Ltd) had stamped the
bills of lading with the stamp of Singapore Tankers. Portigon claims that
Oceanic and Singapore Tankers, both being the carriers and persons being in
physical possession of the cargo, have failed to take reasonable care of the
cargo, breached the contract of carriage, and converted the cargo by having
delivered the cargo to third parties on 27 January 2012 without presentation
of the bills of lading. Portigon claims the sum of US$3,687,485.90 which
represents the invoice value of the cargo, for the direct loss arising from
the defendants’ breaches and/or conversion of the cargo.

6 Subsequent to the arrest of the vessel on 24 June 2013, Singapore Tankers
applied to set aside and strike out the admiralty writ pursuant to O 12 r 7
and O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of
Court”) respectively. The application also seeks in the alternative for the
release of the vessel pursuant to O 70 r 12 of the Rules of Court.

7 Counsel for Singapore Tankers argued that the action should be set aside or
struck out as the claim is time-barred pursuant to Article III rule 6 of the
Hague-Visby Rules, which provides that:

… the carrier and the ship shall in any event be discharged from all liability
whatsoever in respect of the goods, unless suit is brought within one year of
their delivery or of the date when they should have been delivered. This
period may, however, be extended if the parties so agree after the cause of
action has arisen.

8 It was submitted that the Hague-Visby Rules is applicable to the bills of
lading, and sought to rely on the time bar defence by submitting that no
_competent suit_ has been brought within 12 months of the alleged mis-delivery
of the cargo. It was alleged that the cargo had been discharged by 2 February
2012, so that a competent suit must be brought by 2 February 2013. According
to Singapore Tankers, “suit” for the purposes of Article III rule 6 of the
Hague-Visby Rules must refer to a competent suit which was brought before the
correct forum, and it was submitted that the suit against Singapore Tankers
was not a competent one as it was brought in breach of the arbitration
agreement between Portigon and Oceanic, where Portigon’s action against
Oceanic have been stayed in favour of arbitration.

9 Counsel for Portigon submitted, _inter alia_ , that the time bar defence
goes to the merits of the action and does not constitute a jurisdictional
objection. It was further submitted that the Hague-Visby Rules do not in any
event apply in the present case as a purposive interpretation of section 3(2)
of the Carriage of Goods by Sea Act (Cap. 33) would show that the Hague-Visby
Rules are applicable only to shipments between ports, which is not the
situation in the present case. Counsel also submitted that that there is no
indication of the date in which the alleged time bar would start from because
there is no evidence of the actual date in which the delivery of the cargo had
been completed.

My decision

Whether the writ should be set aside

10 Singapore Tankers stated the ground in support of the application on the
face of its summons as follows:

The Plaintiff’s claim is time-barred pursuant to Article III rule 6 of the
Hague-Visby Rules because no competent suit has been brought within 12 months
of the alleged mis-delivery of the cargo. The suit is not competent as to the
merits of the Plaintiff’s claim because it has been brought in breach of an
arbitration agreement incorporated into the Bills of Lading sued upon.

11 Singapore Tankers is in effect attempting to avail itself of the benefit of
the arbitration agreement between Portigon and Oceanic. Portigon’s action
against Oceanic has been stayed in favour of arbitration, and it would be up
to the arbitral tribunal to decide whether the time bar under the Hague-Visby
Rules is applicable. Assuming _arguendo_ if the arbitral tribunal finds that
Portigon’s claim against Oceanic is time barred, that finding would not bar
Portigon’s claim against Singapore Tankers from proceeding _unless_ the
dispute between Portigon and Singapore Tankers was, just like the dispute
between Portigon and Oceanic, part of the arbitration reference placed before
the arbitral tribunal. As far as Singapore Tankers is concerned, even if
Portigon had commenced arbitral proceedings against Oceanic and court
proceedings against Singapore Tankers _within_ 12 months of the alleged mis-
delivery of cargo, Singapore Tankers’ position would, based on the ground as
stated in its summons, still be the same, which is that the action brought by
Portigon against Singapore Tankers is _not_ a competent one as it has been
brought in breach of the arbitration agreement between Portigon and Oceanic.

12 On this analysis, the true purport of the position taken by Singapore
Tankers is that Portigon’s claim in court should _properly_ be the subject
matter of the arbitral proceedings between Portigon and Oceanic such that the
time bar under the Hague-Visby Rules applies. This is at best an argument
analogous to the _forum non conveniens_ scenario that the court should _not
exercise_ the jurisdiction _it has_ , and is consequently not a jurisdictional
objection which warrants the admiralty writ to be _set aside_ under O 12 r 7
of the Rules of Court. It may however constitute a _substantive_ objection to
be placed for consideration under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court. As
Singapore Tankers admits in the ground stated in the face of its summons,
“[t]he suit is not competent _as to the merits_ of the Plaintiff’s claim
because it has been brought in breach of [the] arbitration agreement”
[emphasis added]. The distinction drawn by the court in _The “Bunga Melati 5”_
[2011] 2 SLR 1017 between a jurisdictional challenge which properly belongs to
an application brought under O 12 r 7, and a non-jurisdictional challenge
which belongs to an application under O 18 r 19, is not disputed by counsel
for Singapore Tankers.

13 There being no basis for a jurisdictional challenge under O 12 r 7, I move
on to consider the application to strike out the writ under O 18 r 19.

Whether the writ should be struck out

14 As aforementioned, the true purport of the position taken by Singapore
Tankers is that Portigon’s claim in court should properly be the subject
matter of the arbitral proceedings between Portigon and Oceanic such that the
time bar under the Hague-Visby Rules applies. Counsel for Singapore Tankers
relied upon the decision of the English Commercial Court in _Thyssen Inc v
Calypso Shipping Corporation_ SA [2000] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 243 (“ _Thyssen_ ”) in
support of this position. It was submitted that the decision, in particular
the following pronouncements of Steel J (at [22]), is authority for the
principle that an action which has been stayed in favour of arbitration will
not constitute a “competent suit” for the purposes of Article III rule 6 of
the Hague-Visby Rules:

…where, as here, the [court] suit is brought in breach of an arbitration
clause, the Courts do not regard that as suit for the purposes of the rule [6
of the Hague-Visby Rules] (unless of course there is no application for a
stay). … It is not enough for the correct claimant to commence proceedings
before a competent Court against the correct defendant. The proceeding must
remain valid and effective at the time when the carrier seeks to rely on r. 6
in the second set of [arbitral] proceedings. Thus where the [court] action has
been … stayed by reason of the invocation of an arbitration clause, [the] suit
has not been brought.

15 The decision however does not go very far in supporting Singapore Tankers’
position. The court in _Thyssen_ found that the claimant in an arbitration
could not successfully prevent its arbitral claim from being time barred under
Article III rule 6 of the Hague-Visby Rules from the mere fact that it had
commenced court proceedings against the respondent-defendant within time. This
was because the court action had been stayed in favour of arbitration with the
result that arbitration proceedings were commenced against the respondent-
defendant out of time. There were no pronouncements made by that court that a
similar claim brought within time by the same plaintiff in court against a
party who may be joined to the arbitral proceedings would as a result be
rendered an “incompetent suit” and consequently be struck out.

16 In any event, taking the case put forth by Singapore Tankers at its best,
_even if_ the suit brought against Singapore Tankers is not a competent one
_because_ it was brought in breach of the arbitration agreement between
Portigon and Oceanic, there is no authority submitted by Singapore Tankers to
show why the _remedy_ for such a situation would be to _strike out_ the writ
filed in court. Surely, such a remedy is inconsistent with the _staying_ of
court actions (as opposed to striking out) when the actions were found to have
been brought in breach of arbitration agreements. In fact, it is implicit in
Singapore Tankers’ reliance on _Thyssen_ that Portigon’s claim against
Singapore Tankers should, just like the claim against Oceanic, be _stayed_ in
favour of arbitration such that the time bar may be applicable, as opposed to
it being struck out.

Whether the vessel should be released

17 Singapore Tankers applied in the alternative for the vessel to be released.
It was alleged that counsel for Portigon had failed to disclose to the court
which granted the arrest that the same law firm was acting for Portigon and
the liquidators of Onsys. As Oceanic had time sub-chartered the vessel to
Onsys, it would have documents which could evidence the existence of the time
charterparty which contains the arbitration agreement under which the Hague-
Visby time bar defence was applicable. It was also alleged that Portigon
should have disclosed the correspondence between Portigon and Onsys relating
to the circumstances behind the misdelivery of the cargo as well as the
vessel’s chartering arrangements. Singapore Tankers also take the position
that Portigon should have disclosed the fact that it did not request such
further documents from Onsys’ liquidators.

18 To my mind, the alleged non-disclosure is not relevant because it was
undisputed that counsel for Portigon had disclosed to the court the time bar
defence under the Hague-Visby Rules. The documents and correspondence
exchanged between Portigon’s and Oceanic’s solicitors which set out Oceanic’s
position on the existence of the time charterparty and the time bar defence
were disclosed, and counsel for Portigon had even made submissions at the
hearing for the arrest of the vessel on why the action should not be stayed
even assuming if the time charterparty did exist. Singapore Tankers did not
specify what exactly were the correspondence between Portigon and Onsys which
were undisclosed, nor the basis in which such documents can reasonably be
assumed to exist. In addition, the alleged failure to disclose something which
did not happen, or a non-event, appears to be quite an unusual ground for the
application; it was not explained how the fact that Portigon did not request
further documents from Onsys’ liquidators would amount to a material fact
which ought to be disclosed. The documents which Portigon failed to request
were not specified, and it was not shown that such documents exists in the
first place. In any event, the position taken by Singapore Tankers could no
longer be maintained given its own concession that there is no suggestion that
the lawyers acting for Portigon would have access to the documents in the
hands of the Onsys’ liquidators, even if the lawyers acting for the latter are
from the same firm (Magelssen’s first affidavit at paragraph [20]).

Whether Singapore Tankers should be joined to the arbitral proceedings between
Portigon and Oceanic

The basis for ordering a joinder

19 With the striking out and setting aside application dismissed, the court
action against Singapore Tankers subsists alongside the arbitral proceedings
between Portigon and Oceanic. As Portigon makes the same claims based on the
same causes of action against both Oceanic and Singapore Tankers upon on the
same set of factual matrix, efficiencies could be gained if the disputes are
consolidated in a single adjudication setting, and this has the benefit of
preventing inconsistent decisions. This presents an obvious issue of whether
the court could on its own motion order that Singapore Tankers be joined to
the arbitral proceedings. This court has on 12 November 2013 queried counsel
on whether Singapore Tankers may be joined as a party to the arbitration
proceedings in the event where Portigon’s action against Oceanic is stayed in
favour of arbitration. Counsel for Portigon highlighted the fact that
Singapore Tankers did not seek a stay of the court action, and subsequently
submitted that the Court of Appeal had in the recent decision in _PT First
Media TBK (formerly known as PT Broadband Multimedia TBK) v Astro Nusantara
International BV and others and another appeal_ [2013] SGCA 57 (“ _Astro_ ”)
emphasized that any notion of forced joinder would impinge upon party autonomy
and confidentiality (see written submissions dated 4 December 2013 at [14]).
Counsel for Singapore Tankers takes the position that _Astro_ is not relevant
to the present case.

20 The relevant question before the Court of Appeal in _Astro_ was whether the
arbitral tribunal had correctly construed rule 24(b) of the 2007 Singapore
International Arbitration Centre Rules as a rule which parties have agreed to
confer upon the tribunal the power to order parties who are not parties to the
arbitration agreement to be joined to an existing arbitration reference. The
Court of Appeal did not accept the arbitral tribunal’s construction of the
rule (at [181] and [188]) :

… A tribunal cannot extend its jurisdiction to disputes over which it has no
jurisdiction by simply purporting to rely on r 24. To this extent we accept Mr
Landau’s argument that r 24(b) acts as a procedural power, rather than a means
for a tribunal to extend its jurisdiction. It would otherwise be a portal
through which a tribunal could exercise unlimited jurisdiction over any
dispute which any non-party could have with the parties to the arbitration
reference. We do not think that any set of arbitration rules, unless
explicitly stated otherwise (and even then, we would reserve our views), could
provide for such unlimited jurisdiction. The terms of any arbitration
reference must ultimately lie within the limits described by the arbitration
agreement, save to the extent that it might be extended with the explicit
consent of all the parties. In our judgment, the general position must be that
the arbitration agreement sets the parameters of the tribunal’s jurisdiction.
…

…

The forced joinder of non-parties is also a major derogation from the
principle of party autonomy, which is of foundational importance because all
arbitrations must proceed _in limine_ from an agreement to arbitrate. Forced
joinders carve out a significant exception to this by compelling an
arbitration with other persons with whom the parties had not specifically
agreed to arbitrate. Even where these other persons are connected to the
subject matter of the arbitration, there has been no election of arbitration
as the specific dispute resolution mechanism with those other persons.

21 While the question of when a court may order a joinder was not placed
before the Court of Appeal in _Astro_ , the judicial philosophy on according
due significance to the principle of party autonomy would apply with no less
compelling force. As such, while a court may be acutely aware of the
legitimate advantages and procedural efficiencies which would be gained with a
forced joinder, it should nevertheless be borne in mind that these
considerations in and of themselves do not provide the court with _the
authority_ to derogate from the principle of party autonomy in the absence of
any express statutory provisions to the effect. Given that the IAA is silent
on the issue of joinder, this court is guided by the spirit behind the
UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (“Model Law”),
which is given the force of law via section 3 of the IAA. Section 4 of the IAA
allows this court to refer to the _travaux préparatoires_ when interpreting
the Model Law, and it is that which I turn my attention to. The drafters
considered the question of whether the Model Law should contain provisions
relating to joinder (_Second Secretariat Note, Possible Features of a Model
Law: Questions for Discussion, A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.35 (1 December 1981)_ ; H.
Holtzmann & J. Neuhaus, _A Guide to the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration: Legislative History and Commentary_ 311 (2013) (“
_Holtzmann & Neuhaus_”)):

Should the model law deal with problems of consolidation in multi-party
disputes (e.g. whether consolidation agreements should be given effect, or
whether even without such agreements consolidation might be ordered)?

22 The drafters of the Model Law considered the question and took the
following position (_First Working Group Report A/CN.9/216 (23 March 1982);
Holtzmann & Neuhaus_ at 312):

There was general agreement that the model law should not deal with problems
of consolidation in multi-party disputes. _While it was agreed that parties
had the freedom to conclude consolidation agreements if they so wished_ , the
Working Group was of the view that there was no real need to include a
provision on consolidation in the model law.

[Emphasis added]

23 To the drafters, it was not necessary to provide any provisions because
parties had the freedom to form their own agreements if they so wished to have
a joinder (see Julian D M Lew QC, Loukas A Mistelis, Stefan M Kröll,
_Comparative International Commercial Arbitration_ (Kluwer Law International,
2003), at para 16-47). In so far as the only premise in which a joinder will
take place under the framework envisaged by the drafters of the Model Law is
upon the agreement of parties; _consent_ is, in the minds of the drafters, a
_necessary condition_ for there to be a joinder. This must necessarily be so,
for if there does not exist an agreement to arbitrate, this could be a ground
for refusal of recognition and enforcement under Art 36(1)(a)(i) (or section
31(2)(b) of the IAA and Art V(1)(a) of the 1958 Convention on the Recognition
and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (“the New York Convention”)). In
addition, where a person is joined without the consent of the parties, the
resulting arbitral award could be refused recognition and enforcement for
having dealt with a dispute not contemplated within the terms of the
submissions to arbitration, under Art 36(1)(a)(iii) (or section 31(2)(d) of
the IAA and Art V(1)(c) of the New York Convention). Where the composition of
the arbitral tribunal is not in accordance with the agreement of the parties,
including the party joined, the award given by a tribunal in which that party
had no say in appointing may be refused recognition and enforcement, under Art
36(1)(a)(iv) (or section 31(2)(e) of the IAA and Art V(1)(d) of the New York
Convention).

24 The rationale of the approach adopted by the drafters of the Model Law
should be self-evident. Consent is the very foundation of arbitration, without
which an arbitral tribunal’s authority to hear and determine the dispute is
non-existent. If a court orders a joinder notwithstanding the lack of consent,
it would force a party to bring its dispute to be adjudicated by a forum which
has no jurisdiction to decide the matter from which no enforceable award could
be rendered. More fundamentally, the non-consenting party would be denied its
right to access the courts when it has not waived its right to do so in the
form of an arbitration agreement. As such, in adherence with the spirit of the
Model Law and the New York Convention, a court has the power to order a
joinder only with the parties’ consent. The exercise of such power is a
function of the basic requirement to recognize and give effect to arbitration
agreements entrenched in section 6 of the IAA, Art 8 of the Model Law, and Art
II(1) of the New York Convention, such that a party is joined to an
arbitration pursuant to an agreement to arbitrate formed amongst parties (See
generally Gary Born, _International Arbitration: Law and Practice Vol I_
(Kluwer Law International, 2012), p 223). This is either where:

(a) the party sought to be joined is found to be a contracting party to the
arbitration agreement; or

(b) parties to the arbitration agreement have consented to extend the
agreement to a person who was not a party to the agreement but who accepts to
be bound by it, with such consent forming an agreement to arbitrate.

25 For the latter situation, parties to the arbitration agreement may have
agreed via the rules of the relevant arbitral institution to the procedural
mechanism and criteria in which the consent will be given to join a person who
is not a party to the arbitration agreement. In either event, consent is a
necessary condition for a joinder, save perhaps for the unique situation where
parties to the arbitration agreement have unequivocally agreed that one or all
of the parties to the arbitration agreement need not consent to the joinder of
persons who are not parties to the arbitration agreement (see e.g., Art 4 of
the Swiss Rules of International Arbitration; and even then, the extent and
nature of the precise agreement should be carefully examined to determine the
true intention of the parties; see _Astro_ at [181]).

The issue of joinder in the present case

26 As Singapore Tankers has taken the position that that it is _not_ a party
to the contract of carriage which incorporates the arbitration agreement, the
proper analysis here would not be on how Singapore Tankers may be found to be
a contracting party to an arbitration agreement (these relate to situations
concerning incorporation of the arbitration agreement; the absence of separate
corporate personality; or agency (See William W. Park, _Non-Signatories and
International Contracts: An Arbitrator’s Dilemma_ , in _Multiple Party Actions
in International Arbitration_ , Oxford 2009) (“ _William Park_ ”)).

27 Instead, the issue in the present case is whether the parties to the
arbitration agreement, i.e, Portigon and Oceanic, have consented to extend the
agreement to Singapore Tankers, and whether it accepts to be bound by the
arbitration agreement, thus forming an agreement to arbitrate amongst the
parties. Counsel for Portigon takes the position that neither Portigon nor
Singapore Tankers have consented to the joinder of Singapore Tankers to the
arbitration between Portigon and Oceanic (see plaintiff’s written submissions
dated 4 December 2013 at [16]).

Determining if a person is a party to an agreement to arbitrate

28 Whether a person is a party to an agreement to arbitrate is a fact-
intensive question which has to be determined in accordance with the law
applicable to decide who are the persons mandated to have their disputes
resolved by arbitration instead of the court process, i.e, the _lex arbitri_
of the forum seized of the stay or joinder application. In this regard, both
section 2A of the IAA and Art II(7) of the Model law provide a broad
definition of an arbitration agreement as an “agreement by the parties to
submit to arbitration all or certain disputes which have arisen or which may
arise between them in respect of a defined legal relationship, whether
contractual or not”; and an arbitration agreement may be in the form of an
arbitration clause or in a contract or in the form of a separate agreement,
but an arbitration agreement shall be in writing. Reference should also be
made to Art II(1) of the New York Convention, given that any joinder may have
an impact on the enforceability of an award in other jurisdictions. That
provision refers to “an agreement in writing under which the parties undertake
to submit to arbitration all or any differences which have arisen or which may
arise between them in respect of a defined legal relationship, whether
contractual or not, concerning a subject-matter capable of settlement by
arbitration”.

29 In line with the position adopted by the Court of Appeal in _International
Research Corp PLC v Lufthansa Systems Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and another_ [2014]
1 SLR 130 (“ _International Research Corp_ ”), which referred to the approach
in _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design and &
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029, the court should have regard to
the context and _objective circumstances_ to ascertain the parties’
_objective_ intentions in determining the question of whether a person is a
party to an agreement to arbitrate. The Court of Appeal in _International
Research Corp_ adopted this contextual approach to determine the question of
whether a third person would be bound by an arbitration agreement found in a
contract between two parties, where the third person had entered into a
supplemental agreement with the two original contracting parties. On a
contextual interpretation of the agreements, the Court of Appeal found that it
was not the parties’ intention for the arbitration agreement to be
incorporated as part of the supplemental agreement, and the third person was
accordingly not bound by the arbitration agreement.

30 It would also be useful to refer to international norms derived from cross-
jurisdictional cases with similar factual matrix which may be instructive in
determining whether a person is a party to an agreement to arbitrate for the
purposes of ordering a joinder, given the international character of the Model
Law and New York Convention. In this regard, there are decisions which
illustrate the court’s willingness to determine from the parties’ conduct and
objective circumstances the true intentions of the parties, such as the case
of _Southern Illinois Beverage v. Hansen Beverage Co._ , 2007 WL 3046273 (S.D.
Ill. 2007), which involves an arbitration agreement in a principal
distributorship contract for beverage distribution between the manufacturer
and the principal distributor. There was no arbitration agreement in the sub-
distributorship contract. The sub-distributor commenced a court action against
the manufacturer for alleged sale of goods to third parties in breach of its
obligations under the principal distributorship contract. The court found that
the sub-distributor claimant could not obviate arbitration given that its
claims were “fundamentally rooted in and dependent on [the] rights and
conditions” of the principal contract, and that it could not disavow the
arbitration agreement found in the principal contract given that it had sought
to benefit directly under that contract. The court asserted the following
principle:

… in the arbitration context, a party may be estopped from asserting that an
arbitration clause contained in a particular document is inapplicable when
that same party simultaneously claims the direct benefit of that contract.
This estoppel doctrine exists to prevent a litigant from unfairly receiving
the benefit of a contract while at the same time repudiating what it believes
to be a disadvantage in the contract, namely the contractual arbitration
provision.

31 Significantly, the court took the position that it would be manifestly
inequitable to permit a plaintiff to both claim that a defendant is liable for
its failure to perform contractual duties under an agreement containing an
arbitration clause, and at the same time, seek to avoid arbitration of claims
which fell clearly within the ambit of that arbitration clause.

32 Reference can also be made to the case of _Sunkist Soft Drinks v Sunkist
Growers_ , 10 F.3d 753 (11th Cir. 1993). General Cinema Corporation (“GCC”)
had obtained the contractual right from Sunkist Growers Inc (“Sunkist”) to
market and sell the orange soda under the “Sunkist” brand name. GCC created a
wholly owned subsidiary known as Sunkist Soft Drinks (“SSD”) to produce and
market the soda. Sunkist and SSD entered into a license agreement which
provided a detailed framework for the marketing and sale of the soda, and the
license agreement included an arbitration agreement. SSD was subsequently
bought by a company, Del Monte Corporation (“Del Monte”). Sunkist commenced a
court action against Del Monte for disputes arising from the license
agreement. Del Monte sought to compel arbitration instead by relying on the
arbitration agreement, but Sunkist argued that the dispute should not be
arbitrated as Del Monte was not a party to the arbitration agreement. The
court held that, even though Del Monte was not formally a party to the
arbitration agreement, Sunkist was estopped from avoiding arbitration given
that the basis of Del Monte’s cause of action lies in the license agreement
itself in which the arbitration agreement was found, and in view that SSD had
practically lost its independent operating status and had become a part of Del
Monte since SSD was bought.

33 _Fluor Daniel Intercontinental, Inc. v. General Electric Co., Inc_ , No.
98-Civ. 7181 (WHP) 1999 WL 637236 (S.D.N.Y. 1999) is a case which involves
supply and services agreements signed between two groups of companies to
construct a power plant in Saudi Arabia. Some members of each group of
companies concluded agreements which contained arbitration agreements, while
other members of each group had not. The claimants deliberately chose to
commence court proceedings against the members of the defendant group of
companies which omitted to conclude agreements containing the arbitration
agreements, alleging that the agreements had been induced through
misrepresentations. The court ordered that the dispute be referred to
arbitration, on the ground that the claimants was not allowed to “rely on the
contract when it works to their advantage…but then repudiate the contract and
its arbitration clause when they believe it works against them”. The principle
in this decision is described by a commentator as follows, “a signatory to an
arbitration clause will be precluded from refusing to arbitrate with a non-
signatory when the essence of the dispute is intertwined with, or derived
from, the contract containing the arbitration clause” (_William Park_ at para
1.49).

34 In _Société Alcatel Business Systems (ABS), Société Alcatel Micro
Electronics (AME) et Société AGF v Amkor Technology et al, Cass 1e civ._ ,
Mar. 27, 2007, JCP [2007] I 168, No. 11, a Belgian company had contracted to
purchase electronic chip components from an American corporation, which
obtained its supplies from a Korean supplier. The contract between the Belgian
company and the American corporation contained an arbitration agreement. On
the request of the Belgian company, the Korean supplier would provide supplies
to subsidiaries of the American corporation based in France as this
arrangement was more convenient to the Belgian company. The company commenced
a court action against the American corporation and its subsidiaries based in
France for damages arising from defective chips. The _Cour de cassation_ held
that the subsidiaries of the American corporation could rely on the
arbitration agreement; this was because the Belgian company had, by accepting
the subsidiaries into the supply arrangement, conferred upon them the benefit
of the arbitration clause signed with their parent company, and at the same
time, the subsidiaries have accepted to be bound by the arbitration agreement
by accepting to partake in the supply arrangement (_William Park_ at para
1.55).

35 The cases above illustrate the principle that where the objective
circumstances and parties’ conduct reveal that the parties to the arbitration
agreement have consented to extend the agreement to a third person who is not
a party to the agreement, and that third person has shown by its conduct to
accept to be bound by the agreement, parties can be found to have impliedly
consented to form an agreement to arbitrate where this has been clearly and
unequivocally shown be the parties’ objective intention. The concept of a
_purely_ implied agreement is however anathema to the requirement for a
written arbitration agreement prescribed in the IAA, Model Law, and the New
York Convention (as shown in the case of _Javor v Fusion-Crete_ , Inc., XXIX
Y.B. Com. Arb. P 596 (2004) (Sup. Ct. Brit. Col. 2003), where an arbitral
award rendered against a party found to be an “alter ego” of a signatory to
the arbitration agreement was refused enforcement under Art II(2) of the New
York Convention for having failed to satisfy the requirement for a written
arbitration agreement). As can be seen from the case decisions considered,
this requirement necessitates there to be at least a _written_ arbitration
agreement from which parties’ implied consent can be determined. In
particular, implied consent is determined from the parties’ intention to
extend the written arbitration agreement to a non-party who accepts to be
bound by it (see also the decision of the Swiss Federal Supreme Court in
_X.S.A.L., Y.S.A.L. & A v. Z, SARL_ (16 October 2003)).

Parties’ objective intention in the present case

36 The facts of the present case are analogous to those in the cases discussed
above. It appears that the parties in the present case have _impliedly_
consented to have the dispute resolved before an arbitral tribunal. This court
has in _The “Titan Unity”_ found that there exists a written arbitration
agreement between Portigon and Oceanic (“the arbitration agreement”). As
alluded to above at [11] and [12], Singapore Tankers has by its own conduct
accepted to be bound by the arbitration agreement, as it attempts to avail
itself to the benefit of the arbitration agreement as well as the time bar
applicable to the bills of lading which incorporates the arbitration
agreement. While Portigon had disputed the existence of the arbitration
agreement (see _The “Titan Unity”_ at [7]), Oceanic has taken the same
position as Singapore Tankers that the arbitration agreement did indeed exist.
As for Portigon, it is evident that the very basis of its cause of action
against Singapore Tankers lies in the contract in which the arbitration
agreement is found. Portigon has by its own admission in its pleadings, always
regarded Singapore Tankers as the contractual carrier as the bills of lading
had carried the stamp of Singapore Tankers. This was, as pleaded by Portigon,
a “clear and unequivocal representation” that Singapore Tankers _was the
contractual carrier_ under the bills of lading (see paragraph 6 of the
statement of claim filed on 20 August 2013). In fact, Portigon claims _in the
main_ against Singapore Tankers that it was obligated to deliver the cargo in
accordance with the contract of carriage contained in the bills of lading and
had breached the contract by delivering the cargo without presentation of the
bills of lading; the same claims were made against Oceanic _in the
alternative_ (see paragraphs [7] to [12] of the statement of claim filed on 20
August 2013). Given that Portigon is claiming against Singapore Tankers as the
contractual carrier based on the contract of carriage contained in the bills
of lading which incorporates the arbitration agreement mandating that any
disputes arising out of the contract be resolved by arbitration, it would not
lie in the mouth of Portigon to say that it did not consent to have its claim
against Singapore Tankers arbitrated.

37 This is reinforced by the fact that Portigon had gone as far as to plead
that Oceanic and Singapore Tankers are related companies controlled by one
Tsoi Tin Chu and Tsoi’s associates (see paragraph [6(f)] of the statement of
claim filed on 20 August 2013]. Portigon submitted evidence to support this,
by alleging that Tsoi is the sole director and shareholder of Oceanic, and
that Singapore Tankers is a subsidiary of Titan Ocean (the managers of the
vessel). The sole shareholder of Titan Ocean is, according to Portigon, a
company which is owned by the Titan Group, where 40.9% shares of Titan Group
is owned by Titan Oil. Tsoi and his wife, it was alleged, hold 100% of the
shares in Titan Oil. In addition, Portigon presented further evidence which
led it to conclude that “Singapore Tankers is nothing more than [an]
investment vehicle nestled in this web of corporate entitled controlled by
Tsoi” (see pages 34 and 35 of the plaintiff’s written submissions dated 20
August 2013). Taking these allegations to their logical conclusion and in view
that Portigon had proceeded with the same cause of action against both
Singapore Tankers and Oceanic based on the same contractual obligations
arising from the same contract in which the arbitration agreement is found, it
would appear that Portigon’s _objective_ intention is to have the claim
against Singapore Tankers arbitrated just as it did for the claim against
Oceanic.

Express agreement on mechanism for joinder

38 Nevertheless, it is not insignificant that the parties to the arbitration
agreement, Portigon and Oceanic, have expressly agreed upon a mechanism to
join a person who is not a party to the arbitration agreement, under Rule 32.2
of the SCMA Rules, which reads as follows:

If the parties so agree, the Tribunal shall also have the power to add other
parties (with their consent) to be joined in the arbitration and make a single
Final Award determining all disputes between them.

39 In view that the parties have expressly agreed upon a mechanism in the
arbitral rules to join a person who is not a party to the arbitration
agreement, the court should defer any views it has on the parties’ implied
consent to joinder, to the arbitral tribunal’s determination of its own
jurisdiction pursuant to that mechanism. This must be so if party autonomy is
to be respected, and this would also be consistent with the principle of
_Kompetenz-Kompetenz_ entrenched in Art 16 of the Model Law, which confers
upon the arbitral tribunal the power to determine if it has jurisdiction to
hear the claim brought by Portigon against Singapore Tankers. It could be that
_express consent_ is required under the mechanism agreed upon by parties to
the arbitration agreement, in which case implied consent would in any event
not be a justifiable criteria for this court to order a joinder, but that
would remain a question which the arbitral tribunal has the prerogative to
determine in its interpretation of what consent entails under Rule 32.2 of the
SCMA Rules.

40 It could very well be that with this approach, a court would in practice
seldom order a person to be joined to arbitral proceedings based on implied
consent, given that many arbitral rules which arbitrants subscribe to provide
mechanisms for joinder. This is especially so where the applicable arbitral
rules provide for the requirement of _written consent_ for joinder (see e.g.,
1998 London Court of International Arbitration Rules (“LCIA rules”), Art
22.1(h)). The obvious difficulty with this approach in the present case is
that the arbitral tribunal would have necessarily been appointed without the
say of Singapore Tankers by the time in which a decision has been made by the
tribunal on whether it should be joined to the arbitration. As alluded to at
[23] above, this may have an effect on the enforceability of the award
rendered. The concern is illustrated in the decision of _Siemens AG and BKMI
Industrieanlagen GmbH v Dutco Construction Co._ , 119 J.D.I. (Clunet) 707
(French Cour de cassation civ lre)(1992), where the French _Cour de cassation_
set aside an award rendered by an arbitral tribunal which was constituted
without the agreement of the respondents.

41 The difficulty highlighted is however not an intractable one. The right of
an arbitrant to appoint its own arbitrator has been questioned (see e.g.,
Professor Jan Paulsson, _Moral Hazard in International Dispute Resolution_ ,
TDM 2 (2011)) and has certainly been watered down in practice given the
arbitrants’ subscription to innovative rules of arbitral institutions, such as
those which allow an arbitrant to consent to waive its right to appoint an
arbitrator under prescribed circumstances (see Art 2.3 and 11.2 of the LCIA
Rules). Where there is a single claimant but multiple respondents, there are
rules which prescribe that the respondents shall jointly nominate an
arbitrator, with the arbitrator being appointed by the arbitral institution if
the respondents fail to do so (see International Chamber of Commerce Rules of
Arbitration 2012, Art 12(6)). There are even rules which allow all parties to
the arbitration to consent to waive their right to appoint an arbitral
tribunal when a person is joined to an arbitration, such that the arbitral
tribunal shall be appointed by the arbitral institution instead, and those
which confer upon the arbitral institution the power to revoke the appointment
of any arbitrators upon the addition of a party with the replacement tribunal
appointed by the institution (see Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre
Administered Arbitration Rules 2013, Art 27.11). In the present case, it could
be that the person to be joined would be deemed to have agreed to the
composition of the tribunal from the fact that it wishes to be joined
notwithstanding the fact that an arbitral tribunal has already been appointed,
but that is a question to be agreed amongst the arbitrants with the possible
assistance of the arbitral tribunal and institution in the construction and
administration of the SCMA Rules. It should ultimately be borne in mind that
Art V(1)(d) of the New York Convention does not prescribe that the tribunal
must be appointed by the arbitrants, but only that the composition of the
arbitral tribunal be made in accordance with the agreement of the parties; and
as modernised arbitral rules have more than capably shown, an arbitrant may
_agree_ to a tribunal’s composition without having appointed it.

Conclusion

42 For the reasons provided above, the application to set aside and to strike
out the writ is dismissed with costs. Parties will be heard on costs. I will
give time for parties to consider whether they would like to have a joint
discussion with a view to add Singapore Tankers as a party to the arbitral
proceedings, as well as for Singapore Tankers to consider whether it wishes to
be joined to the arbitral proceedings and if so, what necessary recourse it
ought to seek before arbitral tribunal. For these purposes, it would be good
if counsel for parties have in mind the procedural efficiencies that may be
gained with a joinder and the potential costs consequences that may result
with concurrent court and arbitral proceedings without a joinder.
Consequently, the time for Singapore Tankers to file and serve its defence is
extended to 4 March 2014. Parties are to attend a pre-trial conference on a
date to be fixed to update the court on the positions taken by parties.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

