Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Giant Light Metal Technology (Kunshan) Co Ltd _v_ Aksa Far East Pte Ltd  
[2014] SGHC 16

Case Number| :| Suit No 105 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Rebecca Chew Ming Hsien, Paul Tan Beng Hwee and Lim Huay
Ching (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; Goh Siong Pheck Francis, Loh Ern-
Yu Andrea and Samantha Shing (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Giant Light Metal Technology (Kunshan) Co Ltd — Aksa Far East Pte
Ltd  
  
28 January 2014|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This was an action concerning the recognition and enforcement at common law
of a foreign judgment obtained from the Suzhou Intermediate Court, Jiangsu
Province, in the People’s Republic of China (“the PRC Court”). In particular,
the case raised novel issues as to when a foreign court is said to have
international jurisdiction and how a foreign judgment is enforced by the
Singapore courts under Singapore private international law.

2 On 16 December 2010, Giant Light Metal Technology (Kunshan) Co Ltd (“the
Plaintiff”) successfully obtained judgment against Aksa Far East Pte Ltd (“the
Defendant”) in the PRC Court for breach of contract (“the PRC Judgment”). The
Plaintiff then sought to enforce against the Defendant in Singapore the PRC
Judgment for the payment of various sums of moneys.

Background facts

3 The Plaintiff is a company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China
(“the PRC”) and is engaged in designing and producing aluminium and alloy
materials for the purposes of industrial and commercial use.

4 The Defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore and is in the business
of general wholesale trade, including general import and export of goods.

5 On or around 18 December 2003, the parties entered into a contract for the
Plaintiff to purchase from the Defendant two new generator sets with new
engines, which were to be manufactured by the Cummins Engine Company Inc in
England, United Kingdom (“the Contract”). The total purchase price of the
generator sets was US$200,000 of which the Plaintiff paid US$190,000.

6 A further party to the Contract was Shanghai Yates Genset Co Ltd (“Shanghai
Yates”), a company incorporated in the PRC which acted as guarantor for the
Defendant in the purchase of the generator sets. Shanghai Yates was a sub-
distributor of the Defendant in the PRC at the relevant time.

7 After receiving the generator sets from the Defendant, the Plaintiff was not
satisfied with them: they were not new generator sets nor manufactured in
England and were not capable of use.[note: 1] The Plaintiff thereafter
instituted a civil claim against the Defendant and Shanghai Yates for breach
of the Contract in the PRC Court on 25 July 2005 (“the 2005 Proceedings”). The
Defendant responded by filing a “Statement of Defence” and also sent its
representative, Mr You Tian Fen (“Mr You”), to attend court hearings.[note: 2]
Subsequently, the 2005 Proceedings were discontinued on 10 September 2007 “to
enable parties to attempt to resolve the matter”.[note: 3]

8 In the event, the out-of-court negotiations failed. On 9 May 2008, the
Plaintiff re-commenced proceedings for the same claim against the Defendant
and Shanghai Yates in the PRC Court (“the 2008 Proceedings”). The relevant
court documents were served on the Defendant in Singapore at the Defendant’s
registered office address via diplomatic channels on 6 November 2008.[note: 4]
The Defendant did not dispute that it was properly served. The Defendant,
however, chose to ignore the 2008 Proceedings and did not enter an appearance,
taking no part in the proceedings.

9 Shanghai Yates on its part filed two defences to the Plaintiff’s claim in
the 2008 Proceedings and attended hearings in the PRC Court on 17 April 2009
and 20 October 2010. The PRC Court heard submissions by representatives of the
Plaintiff and Shanghai Yates and, upon further consideration, awarded judgment
in favour of the Plaintiff in the PRC Judgment. The section of the PRC
Judgment which sets out the orders made is reproduced as follows:[note: 5]

In summary, as the subject delivered by [the Defendant] was not consistent
with the contract, [the Defendant] was in material breach. The claim of [the
Plaintiff] for rescission of the contract, refund of price and return of
goods, and compensation for damages were consistent with the law. In respect
of the loss of US$145,383.28 claimed by [the Plaintiff], loss of freight of
RMB7,088 was admitted by the court, and the remaining amount of loss lacked
basis and was not upheld by the court. In accordance with Sections 97, 126,
130, 135, 136 and 148 of PRC Contract Law, Section 28 of Rules of Supreme
Court on Evidence in Civil Proceedings, and Section 136 of PRC Civil Procedure
Law, it is judged as follows:

1.[The Contract] between [the Plaintiff] and [the Defendant] be rescinded;

2.[The Plaintiff] to return two AC-1130 Cummins diesel generator sets to [the
Defendant];

3.[The Defendant] to refund the price of US$190,000 to [the Plaintiff];

4.[The Defendant] to compensate [the Plaintiff] for the loss of RMB7088;

Paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 above shall be performed within one month after this
judgment comes into effect.

5\. Other claims of [the Plaintiff] be rejected.

If any party fails to make payment within the period specified by the court,
it shall pay double interest on the outstanding amount in the period of delay
in accordance with Section 229 of PRC Civil Procedure Law.

The court cost for this case shall be RMB25,560 for which [the Plaintiff]
shall pay RMB11,034 and [the Defendant] shall pay RMB14,626.

If any party feels aggrieved by this Judgment, [the Plaintiff] or [Shanghai
Yates] may, within 15 days from the date of service of this judgment thereon,
and [the Defendant] may, within 30 days from the date of service of this
judgment thereon, file a petition for appeal with this court, with such number
of copies corresponding to the number of the opposite parties, to appeal to
the Jiangsu Higher Court …

10 The PRC Judgment was served on the Defendant at its registered office in
Singapore on 25 March 2011 through diplomatic channels, and the deadline
within which the Defendant could have brought an appeal to the Jiangsu Higher
Court expired on 25 April 2011.

11 The generator sets were thereafter not collected by the Defendant. Neither
did it pay the judgment sums ordered to be paid to the Plaintiff. This was
despite a letter of demand sent by the Plaintiff to the Defendant on 22 July
2011.[note: 6] It appeared that the Defendant was not interested in collecting
the generator sets despite the Plaintiff being ready and willing for the
Defendant to do so. A director of the Defendant, Ms Yong Yit Yeng Mavis, even
went so far as to say in cross-examination that she was not interested in
taking the generator sets back and would rather dispose of the generator sets
in the PRC.[note: 7]

12 As a result of the Defendant’s non-compliance with the PRC Judgment, the
Plaintiff, on 10 February 2012, commenced the present action in Singapore,
claiming, _inter alia_ :

(a) the sums of US$190,000 and RMB7,088 as ordered in the PRC Judgment (“the
PRC Judgment Sums”);

(b) the Defendant’s PRC court fees ordered under the PRC Judgment of RMB14,626
which had been paid by the Plaintiff (“the PRC Court Fees”);

(c) interest on the PRC Judgment Sums and the PRC Court Fees; and

(d) costs.

The issues

13 Counsel for the parties submitted that the present case concerned the
common law rules on recognition and enforcement of a foreign judgment, and
brought to the court’s attention the paucity of Singapore case law in this
area. In particular, the parties highlighted to the court the lack of
precedent in relation to the issues which arose directly for decision before
me. As a result, parties relied (as a starting point) on the principles as
stated in _Dicey, Morris and Collins on The Conflict of Laws_ (Lord Lawrence
Collins gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2012) (“ _Dicey, Morris and
Collins_ ”) at vol 1, paras 14R-020 and 14R-054:

**Rule 42** —(1) Subject to the Exceptions hereinafter mentioned and to Rule
62 (international conventions), a foreign judgment _in personam_ given by the
court of a foreign country with _jurisdiction to give that judgment in
accordance with the principles set out in Rules 43_ [and Rules 44 to 46 which
relate to when such jurisdiction does not exist], and which is not impeachable
under any of [Rules 49 to 54 which relate to when the foreign judgment is
impeachable], _may be_** _enforced_** _by a claim or counterclaim for the
amount due under it if the judgment is_

(a) _for a debt, or definite sum of money_ (not being a sum payable in respect
of taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other
penalty); and

(b) _final and conclusive_ ,

but not otherwise.

Provided that a foreign judgment may be final and conclusive, though it is
subject to an appeal, and though an appeal against it is actually pending in
the foreign country where it was given.

(2) _A foreign judgment given by the court of a foreign country with
jurisdiction to give that judgment in accordance with the principles set out
in Rules 43_ [and Rules 44 to 46 which relate to when jurisdiction does not
exist], which is not impeachable under any of [Rules 49 to 54 which relate to
when the foreign judgment is impeachable] and _which is final and conclusive
on the merits_ , is entitled to **_recognition_** at common law and may be
relied on in proceedings in England.

(3) No proceedings may be brought by a person on a cause of action in respect
of a judgment which has been given in his favour in proceedings between the
same parties or their privies in a court in another part of the United Kingdom
or in a court in an overseas country unless that judgment is not enforceable
according to clause (1), or not entitled to recognition according to clause
(2), of this Rule.

This Rule must be read subject to Rule 59.

…

**Rule 43** —Subject to Rules 44 to 46 [which relate to when jurisdiction does
not exist], a court of a foreign country outside the United Kingdom has
jurisdiction to give a judgment _in personam_ _capable of_** _enforcement or
recognition_** _as against the person against whom it was given_ in the
following cases:

_First Case_ —If the person against whom the judgment was given was, at the
time the proceedings were instituted, _present_ in the foreign country.

_Second Case_ —If the person against whom the judgment was given _was
claimant_ , or _counterclaimed_ , in the proceedings in the foreign court.

_Third Case_ —If the person against whom the judgment was given, _submitted to
the jurisdiction of that court by voluntarily appearing in the proceedings_.

_Fourth Case_ —If the person against whom the judgment was given, had before
the commencement of the proceedings _agreed, in respect of the subject matter
of the proceedings, to submit to the jurisdiction_ of that court or of the
courts of that country.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added underlined and in bold]

14 Indeed, there does not appear to have been an occasion when a Singapore
court was required to deal with the same scope of issues relating to the
recognition and enforcement of a foreign judgment under the common law as in
the present case. However, the common law rules in the other major common law
jurisdictions on these issues are well established. Therefore, I accepted that
the principles as stated in _Dicey, Morris and Collins_ served as an
appropriate starting point for analysis of the issues that arose. I also noted
that Professor Yeo Tiong Min in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore – Conflict of
Laws_ vol 6(2) (LexisNexis, 2009) (“ _Yeo_ ”) also referred to case law from
England (and other common law jurisdictions) and used the English position as
the basis for his analysis of this area of Singapore private international law
(see generally paras 75.155–75.240).

15 In order to make clear the framework for analysis of the issues in the
present case, it is apposite that I draw attention to an important distinction
between the recognition of a judgment and its enforcement, as summarised by
Professor Adrian Briggs (“Prof Briggs”), in Adrian Briggs, _The Conflict of
Laws_ , (OUP, 2nd Ed, 2008) (“ _The Conflict of Laws_ ”) at pp 119–120:

An important distinction must be drawn at the outset between the recognition
of a judgment and its enforcement; and between these and the other effects
which can be derived from a foreign judgment. _Recognition_ of a judgment
means treating the claim which was adjudicated as having been determined once
and for all. It does not matter whether it was determined in favour of the
claimant or the defendant, though judgments _in personam_ are only ever
recognized as effective against particular parties, and the material question
will be whether that person is bound. …

…

**_Not every judgment entitled to recognition may be enforced in England, but
to be enforced, a foreign judgment must first be recognized. If it is to be
enforced at the behest of the successful claimant, the judgment must meet
further conditions_** ; but if enforcement is ordered, the judgment may be
executed as if it had been given by an English court, either because it is
ordered that the judgment be registered pursuant to statute which provides for
this effect or (if enforced under the common law) because an English court
gives its own judgment which itself becomes the order which may be enforced.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

16 This distinction was not made clear in the present case since the Plaintiff
sought only the enforcement of the PRC Judgment and did not expressly indicate
that the PRC Judgment should be recognised. However, I found that it must
follow, as a matter of logic and principle, that the PRC Judgment be
recognised before it can be enforced. In the words of Prof Briggs, quoted by
Lord Rodger of Earlsferry in _Clarke v Fennoscandia Ltd_ [2007] UKHL 56 at
[21], “the logic of the law is that recognition is the necessary primary
concern”.

17 What determines whether a foreign judgment is capable of recognition and
enforcement according to the common law rules of private international law is
broadly stated in _Dicey, Morris & Collins_, para 14R-020 (“Rule 42”) ([13]
_supra_). However, a short summary of these requirements can be found in _The
Conflict of Laws_ (at pp 136 and 149) which I reproduce as follows:

A judgment will be _recognized_ at common law if it is _the final and
conclusive judgment of a court_ which, as a matter of English private
international law, had ‘ _international jurisdiction’_ , and as long as there
is _no defence_ to its recognition. …

…

As a matter of theory, _a foreign judgment which satisfies the criteria for
its recognition creates an obligation which the judgment creditor may sue to
enforce in an action_ , founded on the foreign judgment, at common law. _The
action is brought as one for debt; it follows that only final judgments for
fixed sums of money can be enforced by such proceedings_. …

[emphasis added]

18 Parties made their submissions based on these general requirements, and
were agreed on what were the issues necessary for me to decide the case.
Importantly, the Defendant did not raise any objection that the PRC Judgment
was not final and conclusive on its merits, allege any impropriety on the part
of the Plaintiff in the PRC Court when obtaining judgment in their favour, nor
raise any other defences to recognition and enforcement of the PRC
Judgment.[note: 8]

19 Accordingly, the issues in determining whether the PRC Judgment should be
recognised and enforced under the common law rules of Singapore private
international law were as follows:

(a) Whether the PRC Court had international jurisdiction over the Defendant
for the purposes of recognition and enforcement of the PRC Judgment (“Issue
1”).

(b) Whether the Plaintiff’s claim satisfied the requirement that only foreign
judgments for a definite sum of money are enforceable (“Issue 2”).

Analysis of Issue 1

Preliminary considerations

20 It is widely accepted that in deciding the issue of international
jurisdiction, the common law is generally not concerned with how the foreign
court had assumed jurisdiction over the party under its own laws (see
_Buchanan v Rucker_ (1808) 9 East 192 at 194; 103 ER 456 at 457). Instead, as
stated by Prof Yeo in _Yeo_ (at para 75.170):

The principal question is whether the foreign court had jurisdiction over the
party sought to be bound, in the private international law sense according to
the law of the forum, such that the court of the forum will recognise an
obligation on the party to obey the foreign judgment.

Therefore, whether the PRC Court had international jurisdiction over the
Defendant was to be determined by Singapore private international law.

21 In general, _Dicey, Morris & Collins_ at para 14R-054 (“Rule 43”) (see
above at [13]) sets out four situations where a foreign court can be said to
have international jurisdiction over a party such that a judgment _in
personam_ issued by that court may be recognised and enforced in the Singapore
courts. Counsel for the Plaintiff, Ms Rebecca Chew (“Ms Chew”) relied on two
of these situations: (a) the Defendant had _voluntarily submitted_ to the PRC
Court at the relevant time (the first situation in Rule 43); and (b) the
Defendant was _present_ in the PRC at the material time (the third situation
in Rule 43). Ms Chew then made two further submissions in the alternative. The
first was that Shanghai Yates was the Defendant’s privy for the purposes of
submission to the PRC Court or presence in the PRC and, secondly, that the
“real and substantial connection” approach adopted by the Canadian Supreme
Court in _Beals v Saldanha_ [2003] 3 SCR 416 should be applied in Singapore,
the PRC having a real and substantial connection to the dispute between the
parties.

22 Ms Chew also submitted, rightly, that if I were to find for the Plaintiff
on just one of the above mentioned grounds that would be sufficient to
establish that the PRC Court had international jurisdiction over the
Defendant. Counsel for the Defendant, Mr Francis Goh (“Mr Goh”), agreed with
this submission and accordingly resisted each ground.

Voluntary submission to the PRC Court

23 The case for finding that a foreign court has international jurisdiction
over the defendant based on voluntary submission, as explained in _Dicey,
Morris & Collins_ (at para 14-069), “rests on the simple and universally
admitted principle that a litigant who has voluntarily submitted himself to
the jurisdiction of a court by appearing before it cannot afterwards dispute
its jurisdiction”. The question then is: what constitutes voluntary submission
to the foreign court for the purpose of international jurisdiction?

24 In _WSG Nimbus Pte Ltd v Board of Control for Cricket in Sri Lanka_ [2002]
1 SLR(R) 1088 at [54], Lee Seiu Kin JC held that what must be considered is
whether the party “had taken a step in the proceedings which necessarily
involved waiving their objection to the jurisdiction”. The learned authors in
Jonathan Hill and Adeline Chong, _International Commercial Disputes:
Commercial Conflict of Laws in English Courts_ (Hart Publishing, 2010) (“
_Hill & Chong_”), further elaborate on what constitutes taking “a step in the
proceedings” (at para 12.2.5):

_A defendant is to be regarded as having submitted to the jurisdiction of the
original court if he voluntarily appears in the proceedings to defend the
claim on the merits_ , if he counterclaims in those proceedings or if he
agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the court (for example, in a
contractual jurisdiction clause). Contesting the jurisdiction and the merits
of the case in the alternative also amounts to submission. In a situation
where the original court rejects the defendant’s challenge of its jurisdiction
and the defendant proceeds to fight the case on the merits (without reserving
the position on jurisdiction), the defendant must be regarded as having
submitted. [emphasis added in italics]

25 Consistent with the general principle that whether a foreign court has
international jurisdiction depends on the private international law rules of
the forum and not the law of the foreign court, whether a party has
voluntarily submitted to the foreign court is a question for Singapore private
international law rules. This was stated unequivocally in the recent United
Kingdom Supreme Court decision of _Rubin and another v Eurofinance SA and
others_ [2013] 1 AC 236, where Lord Collins of Mapesbury observed (at [161])
thus:

The characterisation of whether there has been a submission for the purposes
of the enforcement of foreign judgments in England depends on English law. The
court will not simply consider whether the steps taken abroad would have
amounted to a submission in English proceedings. The international context
requires a broader approach. Nor does it follow from the fact that the foreign
court would have regarded steps taken in the foreign proceedings as a
submission that the English court will so regard them. Conversely, it does not
necessarily follow that because the foreign court would not regard the steps
as a submission that they will not be so regarded by the English court as a
submission for the purposes of the enforcement of a judgment of the foreign
court. The question whether there has been a submission is to be inferred from
all the facts.

26 Importantly, Lord Collins qualifies the oft-cited proposition found in
_Adams and others v Cape Industries Plc and another_ [1990] Ch 433 (“ _Adams v
Cape”_) (per Scott J at 461) that the fact that the foreign court considers
there to have been a submission is a necessary, but not a sufficient,
condition for the foreign court to have international jurisdiction. Instead,
Lord Collins preferred the more nuanced approach taken in deciding whether
there was submission for the purposes of international jurisdiction, and
further reinforced this view by citing with approval the view of Thomas J in
_Akai Pty Ltd v People’s Insurance Co Ltd_ [1998] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 90 at 97:

The Court must consider the matter objectively; it must have regard to the
general framework of its own procedural rules, but also to the domestic law of
the Court where the steps were taken. This is because the significance of
those steps can only be understood by reference to that law. If a step taken
by a person in a foreign jurisdiction, such as making a counterclaim, might
well be regarded by English law as amounting to a submission to the
jurisdiction, but would not be regarded by that foreign Court as a submission
to its jurisdiction, an English Court will take into account the position
under foreign law. …

27 This was also the approach Ms Chew suggested I take in deciding the matter,
and I agreed. On that basis, Ms Chew submitted to the court that it was clear
that the Defendant by entering a defence had submitted to the jurisdiction of
the PRC Court in the 2005 Proceedings. It was apparent to me that no other
conclusion could be drawn, and Mr Goh rightly accepted this to be the case as
well. As mentioned above, however, the 2005 Proceedings were discontinued in
2007 for the purposes of out-of court negotiations, and later re-commenced as
a fresh set of proceedings (_viz_ , the 2008 Proceedings). The Defendant then
ignored the 2008 Proceedings without even appearing in the PRC Court to raise
a jurisdictional objection. Ms Chew submitted that the Defendant had
nevertheless submitted to the PRC Court in relation to the 2008 Proceedings.

28 The submissions by both parties necessitated a careful analysis of a number
of issues:

(a) first, what was the basis for the PRC Court’s jurisdiction over the
proceedings brought by the Plaintiff;

(b) secondly, whether the 2005 Proceedings and the 2008 Proceedings can be
seen as one unit of litigation or a contiguous whole; and

(c) thirdly, whether consent to the jurisdiction of the PRC Court in the 2005
Proceedings should be imputed to the Defendant in the 2008 Proceedings.

I will deal with each of these issues in turn.

The basis for the PRC Court’s jurisdiction over the proceedings brought by the
Plaintiff

29 This was obviously a question relating to PRC civil procedure and
jurisdiction rules, and required the aid of PRC legal experts. A joint expert
report for this purpose was filed by Mr Tang Linfeng (“Mr Tang”), the expert
witness on behalf of the Plaintiff, and Mr Hua Yin (“Mr Hua”), the expert
witness on behalf of the Defendant. Both PRC legal experts were also cross-
examined in court via the “hot-tubbing” procedure.

30 Significantly, Mr Tang and Mr Hua (especially after cross-examination) did
not give vastly different legal opinions. Both experts agreed that the 2005
Proceedings and the 2008 Proceedings were technically different proceedings
with different case numbers. Mr Tang, however, sought to downplay the
significance of this.

31 Mr Tang opined that given the submission by the Defendant to the
jurisdiction of the PRC Court in the 2005 Proceedings, its subsequent failure
to object to the jurisdiction of the same court in respect of the same claim
after having been served with the relevant court documents amounted to an
acceptance of the PRC Court’s jurisdiction. Unsurprisingly, Mr Hua did not
agree. Mr Hua took the position that under Art 243 of the Civil Procedure Law
of the People’s Republic of China (2007) (“CPL 2007”) (“Art 243”), there were
two conditions which had to be fulfilled before a party is deemed to have
accepted the jurisdiction of a PRC Court, _viz_ , that (a) the party does not
raise an objection to the court’s jurisdiction; and (b) a defence is filed
with the court. Art 243 states that:

If in a civil action in respect of a case involving foreign element, the
defendant raises no objection to the jurisdiction of a people’s court and
responds to the action by making his defence, he shall be deemed to have
accepted that this people’s court has jurisdiction over the case.

32 Mr Hua gave further evidence that it was incumbent on a defendant to raise
his objection to the adjudicating court in the PRC if it took issue with the
jurisdiction of that court, but reiterated that no defence was filed in the
2008 Proceedings by the Defendant. On a plain reading of Art 243, it appeared
to me that Mr Hua’s evidence on this matter was more persuasive on the issue
of whether the Defendant had accepted the jurisdiction of the PRC Court. That
was, however, not the end of the matter.

33 Mr Tang gave further evidence that the PRC Court in both the 2005
Proceedings and the 2008 Proceedings would have taken jurisdiction over the
matter under Art 241 of the CPL 2007 (“Art 241”) and would not have had to
refer to Art 243 at all. Art 241 states that:

In the case of an action concerning a contract dispute or other disputes over
property rights and interests, brought against a defendant who has no domicile
within the territory of the People’s Republic of China, if the contract is
signed or performed within the territory of the People’s Republic of China, or
if the object of the action is located within the territory of the People’s
Republic of China, or if the defendant has distrainable property within the
territory of the People’s Republic of China, or if the defendant has its
representative office within the territory of the People’s Republic of China,
the people’s court of the place where the contract is signed or performed, or
where the object of the action is, or where the defendant’s distrainable
property is located, or where the torts are done, or where the defendant’s
representative office is located, shall have jurisdiction.

34 It was agreed by both parties that the contract had been signed in the PRC,
delivered on a cost, insurance and freight basis in Shanghai, and installed at
the Plaintiff’s premises in Suzhou. Further, it was not disputed that the PRC
Court would have jurisdiction over the 2005 Proceedings and the 2008
Proceedings because one of the requirements of Art 241 was satisfied. It was
also confirmed by both experts that where the PRC Court had jurisdiction under
Art 241, Art 243 would not be applicable. This was because a “case involving
foreign element” in Art 243, was taken to mean a case which did not meet any
of the requirements under Art 241.

35 The experts also gave evidence that the PRC Court would investigate on its
own motion whether they had jurisdiction over any particular matter. This was
supported by the fact that the PRC Court issued a Notice of Case Acceptance
dated 12 May 2008, which indicated that they would be accepting the case as
they had “conducted [their] examination and found [that the case] had met the
acceptance conditions stipulated in the ‘Civil Procedure Law of the People’s
Republic of China’”, notwithstanding that the Defendant had clearly not filed
a defence in the 2008 Proceedings.

36 Therefore, I accepted the evidence by Mr Tang that Art 243 was not actually
applicable to either the 2005 Proceedings or the 2008 Proceedings. Whether the
Defendant had voluntarily accepted the PRC Court’s jurisdiction under PRC law
was not relevant to the PRC Court’s determination that it had jurisdiction
over the proceedings brought by the Plaintiff. It was also clear that the
experts were agreed that the PRC Court had properly taken jurisdiction over
the 2008 Proceedings under its own laws.

Whether the 2005 Proceedings and the 2008 Proceedings can be seen as one unit
of litigation or a contiguous whole

37 Ms Chew submitted that taking an objective assessment of all the facts,
including how the PRC Court took jurisdiction over the 2005 Proceedings and
the 2008 Proceedings, the Defendant’s failure to appear in the 2008
Proceedings must be viewed in conjunction with its voluntary submission to the
2005 Proceedings. Ms Chew took the position that although the 2005 Proceedings
and 2008 Proceedings were technically two separate proceedings, for the
purposes of submission to jurisdiction they had to be viewed as a contiguous
whole. This would mean that the submission by the Defendant to the PRC Court
in the 2005 Proceedings would constitute submission in the 2008 Proceedings as
well. The heart of this argument was that the 2005 Proceedings and the 2008
Proceedings were separate proceedings only as the result of a mere
technicality; the Defendant had conducted itself in such a way that it had
clearly consented to the jurisdiction of the PRC Court, and allowing the
Defendant to deny its payment obligations under the PRC Judgment would go
against any reasonable conception of fairness.

38 Mr Goh, on the other hand, maintained that the 2005 Proceedings and the
2008 Proceedings were separate proceedings that could not be viewed as “one
unit of litigation” or treated as a contiguous whole. If I agreed with Mr Goh
on this point, then Ms Chew’s submission would not get off the ground.

39 In support of his objection, Mr Goh relied on the seminal English case on
international jurisdiction of _Adams v Cape_. _Adams v Cape_ involved a
situation where Cape and Capasco, both English companies, presided over a
group of subsidiaries engaged in the mining of asbestos in South Africa and
the marketing of the mined asbestos. The mined asbestos was sold for use in a
factory in Texas where its employees later suffered personal injury from
exposure to asbestos dust. In 1974, 462 workers commenced proceedings against
a number of companies, including Cape and Capasco, in Tyler, Texas (“the Tyler
1 Action”). Cape and Capasco protested the jurisdiction of the Tyler court.
Those proceedings were eventually settled after the parties entered into a
consent order where the workers were paid a sum of money by the defendants.
Subsequently, another 206 workers instituted legal proceedings in the same
court against the same defendants (“the Tyler 2 Action”). This time, Cape and
Capasco chose to ignore the proceedings; they had by then removed their assets
from the jurisdiction. The plaintiffs in the Tyler 2 Action, as a result,
obtained default judgment against Cape and Capasco and sought its enforcement
in England.

40 Before the English court, the plaintiffs sought to argue that the Tyler 1
Action and the Tyler 2 Action involved the same defendants and the same
subject matter, and should be viewed as “one unit of litigation”, despite
there being different plaintiffs in both actions. The purpose of this was so
that the submission to the Tyler court by Cape and Capasco in the Tyler 1
Action could constitute submission to the Tyler court in the Tyler 2 Action.
Scott J rejected this argument, and held (at 462–463) that:

… the “one unit of litigation” theory, when used to translate a submission to
the jurisdiction in Tyler 1 into a submission to the jurisdiction in Tyler 2,
ignores the essential basis of English law concerning submissions to the
jurisdiction. _Where steps taken in proceedings are being examined in the
context of an alleged submission to the jurisdiction, what is being sought is
evidence of consent on the part of the defendant to the exercise by the court
of jurisdiction over him. Until the settlement negotiations in September 1977
the jurisdiction objection which Cape and Capasco had taken was being
maintained. I have already expressed the view that the pre-settlement
procedural steps taken by Cape and Capasco in Tyler 1 could not, in the
context of the federal procedure applicable in the Tyler court, be regarded as
a waiver of the jurisdiction objection. But even if that is wrong, those steps
could not possibly be regarded as evidencing Cape's and Capasco's consent to
jurisdiction being exercised over them in future actions not yet started. Nor
could Cape's participation in the application to Tyler 1 for a consent order,
under which the existing actions against Cape were to be dismissed “with
prejudice,” be regarded as evidencing that consent. Any other conclusion
would, in my view, be grossly unfair to Cape and would divorce a submission to
the jurisdiction from the bedrock of consent that ought to underlie it._
Accordingly, in my judgment, there was no submission to the jurisdiction by
Cape or Capasco in the Tyler 2 actions. [emphasis added]

41 The reasoning of the judge is of particular import. First, Scott J focused
on the lack of consent to the jurisdiction of the Tyler court by Cape and
Capasco even in the Tyler 1 Action. Cape and Capasco had consistently objected
to the jurisdiction of the Tyler court. It was only for the purposes of
recording a consent order that Cape and Capasco entered an appearance in the
Tyler 1 Action. Secondly, by extension, this meant that Cape and Capasco could
not be taken to consent to the jurisdiction of the Tyler court in relation to
any future proceedings which were not yet started regardless of the similarity
of such proceedings with the Tyler 1 Action. Thirdly, the judge found that it
would be “grossly unfair” to Cape and Capasco if consent to the jurisdiction
of the Tyler court in the Tyler 2 Action was imputed to them merely because
they were parties to a consent order in the Tyler 1 Action while maintaining
their objection to the jurisdiction of the Tyler court at all times.
Therefore, Scott J dismissed the “one unit of litigation” argument essentially
because he found that Cape and Capasco had never properly consented to the
jurisdiction of the Tyler court even in the earlier proceedings.

42 Such was not the case before me. The subsequent proceedings did not just
involve the same claims and the same defendants; even the plaintiffs were
identical. Leaving aside the indistinguishability between the 2005 Proceedings
and the 2008 Proceedings, the Defendant by filing its defence had
unequivocally consented to the jurisdiction of the PRC Court in the 2005
Proceedings. Therefore, if the Defendant’s acceptance of the jurisdiction of
the PRC Court in the 2005 Proceedings was indeed imputed to it in relation to
the 2008 Proceedings, it would not “divorce a submission to the jurisdiction
from the bedrock of consent that ought to underlie it”[note: 9] as would have
been the case in _Adams v Cape_.

43 Therefore, I could not agree with Mr Goh on this issue. There was an
earlier consent by the Defendant to the jurisdiction of the PRC Court such
that it was _possible_ for such consent to be imputed to the Defendant in
respect of the later proceedings (_ie_ , that the two sets of the proceedings
could be seen as one unit of litigation or a contiguous whole). Whether such
consent should be imputed, however, is a separate issue, and it is to this
issue which I now turn.

Whether consent to the jurisdiction of the PRC Court in the 2005 Proceedings
should be imputed to the Defendant in the 2008 Proceedings

44 Submitting in favour of an affirmative answer to the question, Ms Chew
cited the English Court of Appeal decision in _Murthy and another v Sivajothi
and others_ [1999] 1 WLR 467 (“ _Murthy_ ”). In _Murthy_ , the plaintiffs who
were resident in Florida were induced by the first defendant to transfer large
sums of money to him purportedly for the purpose of establishing a trust fund
for the plaintiffs’ children. The plaintiffs also agreed to convey two
properties to the first defendant for use as collateral on a loan to finance
the first defendant’s alleged business venture. The first defendant then
mortgaged the properties to a third party who later brought proceedings in
Florida for foreclosure against the plaintiffs, the first defendant and the
first defendant’s company. The parties to the proceedings then entered into a
stipulation for settlement agreement, which was a document drawn up to settle
or stay the foreclosure proceedings. The plaintiffs subsequently advanced in
the same proceedings, claims to set aside the stipulation for settlement
agreement, and cross-claims against the first defendant for having
fraudulently deprived the plaintiffs of their properties and moneys. The
plaintiffs obtained judgment in default against the first defendant in respect
of those cross-claims, and then sought to enforce the judgment in England. The
first defendant argued in England that when he submitted to the jurisdiction
of the Florida court, it was only in relation to the mortgagee’s foreclosure
action and not to the cross-claims made by the plaintiffs against him.

45 Disagreeing with the first defendant, Evans LJ (at 476E) held that:

… when a person submits to the jurisdiction of a foreign court in respect of a
claim made against him by the plaintiff or claimant in those proceedings, then
he can also be taken to have submitted to its jurisdiction in respect of,
first, claims concerning the same subject matter and, secondly, related claims
in the sense described above. This is provided, of course, that such claims
may properly be brought against him under the rules of procedure in the
foreign court, either by the original claimant or by others who are parties to
the proceedings there at the time when he makes the submission.

The other judges agreed with the approach adopted by Evans LJ and concluded
that the submission in the foreclosure action could extend to the cross-claims
advanced by the plaintiffs against the defendant, since those claims were
“related claims”. This was so even though the initial claim was by a mortgagee
for foreclosure while the cross-claims were based on fraud with respect to
both the moneys transferred to the defendant and the two mortgaged properties.
Evans LJ further held (at 477D) that:

… Whether a particular claim should be regarded as related in this sense must
always be a question of fact and degree. It may not be enough that its joinder
is permitted by the rules of procedure in the foreign court, and, as stated
above, I am willing to accept [the defendant’s] submission that the English
court’s rules should not be unfair to the defendant. But I do not see that it
can possibly be unfair to the defendant to hold that claims which resulted in
the judgment, which the plaintiffs now seek to enforce against him, were
related to the claims made against him by [the mortgagee] and in respect of
which he accepted the jurisdiction of the Florida court.

46 Ms Chew also sought to rely on two later cases that applied _Murthy_ ,
_viz_ , the English Court of Appeal case of _Lawrence Robert Whyte v Marsha
Whyte_ [2005] EWCA Civ 858 (“ _Whyte_ ”) and the English High Court case of
_Joint Stock Company “Aeroflot – Russian Airlines” v Boris Abramovich
Berezovsky and another_ [2012] EWHC 3017 (Ch) (“ _Aeroflot_ ”). In _Whyte_ ,
the wife submitted to the jurisdiction of the Texas Court in relation to
divorce proceedings which resulted in a custody order providing that her
daughter should reside in Texas. In breach of this order, the wife abducted
her daughter to Russia. The girl was subsequently recovered by the husband. In
Texas, the husband had the option of taking up an application based on the
custody order for costs and expenses of recovering his daughter, but chose
instead to institute an originating petition under Chapter 42 of the Texas
Family Code seeking costs of recovery of the daughter, damages for pain and
suffering, and punitive damages. He obtained default judgment against the wife
and subsequently sought to enforce the judgment in England. The wife argued
that she did not submit to the proceedings brought under the Chapter 42
originating petition, and so the requirement of international jurisdiction was
not satisfied. Buxton LJ held (at [8]) that an action relating to the breach
of the custody order was actually part of the original subject matter, and
that it would be “quite impossible to say that the mother did not submit to
[the Texas court which applied the Texas Family Code] when she submitted to
the divorce decree that it enforces”. Thorpe LJ added further (at [12]), that:

… _The objection to jurisdiction seems to me to depend on the purely technical
point that the father elected to seek the redress to which he was clearly
entitled by originating petition under chapter 42 rather than by an
application in the divorce proceedings_. Had he obtained an order for the
reimbursement of his costs and expenses under clause 20 of the consent order
the mother would clearly have no ground on which to contest jurisdiction. He
might have limited his order under chapter 42 to the reimbursement of the same
costs and expenses. _That only illustrates how unrealistic it would be to find
a submission to the jurisdiction in the first instance but not in the second_.
[emphasis added]

47 In _Aeroflot_ , Justice Floyd held that based on the principle in _Murthy_
, it was “realistically arguable” that a judgment obtained in Russia against
the defendant to uplift or index the amount of damages awarded under an
earlier Russian judgment to account for inflation could be a related claim.
Therefore, the defendant in submitting to the jurisdiction of the Russian
court for the earlier claim could be taken to have submitted to the later
indexation proceedings.

48 Underlying all three of these cases is the principle that the courts are
willing to recognise, for the purposes of international jurisdiction, that a
party’s consent to the jurisdiction of a foreign court in relation to certain
claims may be imputed to further claims in some circumstances. Prof Briggs in
a case commentary on _Murthy_ in Adrian Briggs, “B: Private International Law”
(1998) 69 BYIL 332 at 352, suggested that “the effect of a submission in
_Murthy_ was that it amounted to an inchoate submission to other claims,
reasonably closely related to that one commenced by the writ”. Such “inchoate
submission” – as seen in _Whyte_ and _Aeroflot_ – is also possible in relation
to claims which are brought pursuant to subsequent and separate proceedings in
respect of the same parties, rather than just to claims which are part of the
same proceedings.

49 The question then is when consent will be imputed or “inchoate submission”
be said to arise. _Murthy_ provided two factual reference points for consent
to be so imputed: where the subsequent claim concerns the same subject matter;
and where the subsequent claim is related to the original claim. Which
subsequent claims will fall under these categories is then a matter of degree
based on the circumstances. The courts in making this assessment seemed to be
informed by concerns of fairness to both the plaintiff and the defendant, and
also a desire to disregard technical impediments created by procedural rules
under both foreign and forum law. With respect, I agree with such an approach.

50 In my view, the present case was one that warranted a finding of inchoate
submission by the Defendant to the 2008 Proceedings. The Defendant had
consented to the jurisdiction of the PRC Court in the 2005 Proceedings. There
was then a break in the proceedings due to the Plaintiff’s attempt to resolve
the matter out-of-court. Mr Tan Chian Huat, a director of the Defendant at the
material time, gave evidence that he was relieved at this development; he was
thankful that the case was withdrawn because he believed that the Plaintiff
would have succeeded in its claim in the PRC Court.[note: 10] When the
proceedings were restarted in 2008 by the same plaintiff against the same
defendant for the same claim in the same court, the later proceedings were
separate from the 2005 Proceedings only because of a technicality. The
Defendant then sought to exploit this procedural technicality by ignoring the
2008 Proceedings based on legal advice that any judgment awarded in such
circumstances would not be enforceable in Singapore.[note: 11] To bring home
the point, if the 2005 Proceedings were _stayed_ rather than _withdrawn_ ,
there would have been no dispute at all that the Defendant had accepted the
jurisdiction of the PRC Court.

51 I found that although the facts of the present case were different from
_Murthy_ , _Whyte_ , and _Aeroflot_ – the subsequent proceedings were exactly
the same as the earlier proceedings, and the earlier proceedings did not
finally dispose of the parties’ rights – this was one instance where consent
to the jurisdiction of the PRC Court by the Defendant should properly be
imputed. To my mind, there was no unfairness to the Defendant in imputing such
consent. _Per contra_ , there would be unfairness to the Plaintiff were the
Defendant allowed to take advantage of abortive out-of-court negotiations to
escape liability for its wrongdoing.

52 Therefore, I found that the Defendant had voluntarily submitted to the
jurisdiction of the PRC Court in the 2008 Proceedings and, accordingly, the
PRC Judgment was a judgment of a court that had international jurisdiction for
the purposes of recognition and enforcement.

Conclusion on Issue 1

53 Since international jurisdiction may be established on alternative grounds
and having found that the Defendant had voluntarily submitted to the
jurisdiction of the PRC Court for the purposes of recognition and enforcement
of the PRC Judgment, I did not consider further the other grounds for
international jurisdiction raised by the Plaintiff.

54 At this juncture, the Plaintiff had satisfied all the necessary
requirements for the PRC Judgment to be _recognised_ in Singapore. The only
question then was whether this PRC Judgment should be _enforced_ in Singapore.
This question is the subject of the analysis of Issue 2 below.

Analysis of Issue 2

55 Mr Goh submitted that the “law is clear that an enforceable foreign
judgment must be a pure money judgment”.[note: 12] He pointed out that the PRC
Judgment was for the rescission of the Contract and consisted in the main of
two obligations: the return of the generator sets by the Plaintiff and the
refund of the purchase price by the Defendant. He maintained that the two
obligations flowed from the rescission of the Contract and “[could not] be
separated”, with the result that the PRC Judgment was not a judgment for a
definite sum of money and was unenforceable in Singapore.

56 In support of his submission, Mr Goh relied on the Court of Appeal’s
decision in _Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc (trading as Caesars Palace)_
[2010] 1 SLR 1129 (“ _Poh Soon Kiat_ ”). That case concerned the recovery of a
foreign gambling debt owed by the defendant to the plaintiff. Summary judgment
was sought by the plaintiff in Singapore based on a foreign judgment obtained
in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Santa Clara
which set aside a fraudulent transfer of the defendant’s interest in a
particular property while ordering that the property be sold and the proceeds
applied to satisfy judgment debts arising from an earlier judgment of the same
Californian court for the gambling debts owed. The Court of Appeal allowed the
defendant’s appeal on a number of grounds, in particular that the Californian
judgment sought to be enforced in Singapore was not for a definite sum of
money but was for the setting aside of a fraudulent transfer of property
instead.

57 Ms Chew did not seek to challenge the requirement that only foreign
judgments for a definite sum of money are enforceable as applied in _Poh Soon
Kiat_ and, understandably so, as this court is bound by that decision in any
case. Instead, Ms Chew disagreed with the Defendant’s characterisation of the
PRC Judgment. She submitted that the judgment merely entailed two separate
obligations which the parties had to satisfy and that the Defendant was still
liable to pay the Plaintiff the PRC Judgment Sums even though the Defendant
was not in possession of the generator sets. Importantly, Ms Chew clarified
that the real issue was whether “the Defendant [was] somehow absolved from
performance of its obligation to make payment under the PRC Judgment”. In that
regard, Ms Chew submitted that that could not be the case and that there was
“nothing preventing this Court from ordering that the Defendant [perform its
obligation to make payment under the PRC Judgment],”[note: 13] the Defendant’s
obligation to pay the Judgment Sums not being contingent on the Defendant
having received the generator sets. Ms Chew maintained that the enforcement
action (by way of a debt claim) did not fall foul of the requirement that only
judgments for a definite sum of money are enforceable.

58 The submissions by both parties raised the following issues for
consideration:

(a) The conceptual basis for the enforcement of foreign judgments in
Singapore.

(b) Whether the Defendant’s obligation to pay the Plaintiff the PRC Judgment
Sums could be enforced, given that the generator sets were still in the
Plaintiff’s possession.

(c) Whether the Plaintiff’s claim was precluded because the PRC Judgment
comprised other obligations which were not for a definite sum of money.

The conceptual basis for enforcement of foreign judgments in Singapore

59 A foreign judgment has no direct operation in Singapore and cannot be
enforced immediately without more in the Singapore courts by way of execution.
This accords with the common law. As explained in _Dicey, Morris & Collins_ at
para 14-002, “[t]his follows from the circumstance that the operation of legal
systems is, in general, territorially circumscribed”. The process by which a
foreign judgment is recognised and enforced was explained by Prof Briggs in
Adrian Briggs, “Recognition of foreign judgments: a matter of obligation”
(2013) 129 LQR 87 (“ _Briggs_ ”) at pp 88–89 (albeit in the context of
recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments in England):

… A successful litigant with a foreign judgment in his favour cannot enforce
that judgment in England. No measures of execution may be taken on the
strength of it. _The claimant must instead bring original proceedings before
the English court, in order to obtain, speedily or eventually, an original
English judgment, which alone is the judgment which can be enforced_. The
nature of these English proceedings will depend on the nature of the anterior
foreign judgment. If the foreign judgment took the form of a final order to
pay a sum of money, the claimant may sue to recover that sum as a debt due and
owing: the issue of a claim form followed by an application for summary
judgment will in many cases produce an enforceable English judgment in short
order. If the foreign judgment is otherwise, no debt action will lie, with the
result that the claimant must fall back and sue on the underlying cause of
action. However, if the foreign judgment was entitled to recognition, the
usual course of proceedings from issue of process to English judgment will be
to use the foreign judgment as a short-cut, allowing and requiring the issue
of substance to be treated as _res judicata_ ; after which the English court
will be able to give judgment. Its order may not be in precisely the same
terms as that made by the foreign court, but in most cases, the English order
will be close to the one the foreign court made. Either course results in a
judgment of the English court and it is this which is enforceable in England.
[emphasis added]

60 The present proceedings were instituted on this very basis; the PRC
Judgment _per se_ did not afford the Plaintiff any direct rights against the
Defendant in Singapore. In that sense, it is indeed a misnomer – as suggested
by Prof Briggs in _Briggs_ at p 87 – that the common law is said to allow for
the enforcement of foreign judgments. Any judgment enforced in Singapore
(under the common law) is ultimately one given by the Singapore courts. The
foreign judgment merely “prepare[s] the ground for the making of a local
order” (see _Briggs_ at p 89).

61 Whether a particular foreign judgment is given legal effect in Singapore is
then based upon the rules for recognition and enforcement under the common law
as established earlier. Importantly, as long as the requirements for
recognition and enforcement are met, the validity of the foreign judgment will
not be scrutinised. The court will not re-examine the merits of the underlying
claim in the foreign judgment (see the English case of _Godard v Gray_
(1870-71) LR 6 QB 139 and the Straits Settlement Court of Appeal decision in
_Ralli and another v Anguilla_ [1915–23] XV SSLR 33; Lawnet neutral citation
[1917] SSLR 2). This is commonly attributed to the theory that where a
judgment is issued by a court of competent jurisdiction over the parties, that
judgment creates an obligation on the parties to abide by it which the courts
of other countries ought to recognise and enforce (see generally: _Dicey,
Morris & Collins_ at paras 14-007 and 14-008; _The Conflict of Laws_ at p 136;
and _Hill & Chong_ at para 12.1.2). Therefore, the Singapore courts in
recognising and enforcing a foreign judgment are holding the parties to their
obligation to abide by the foreign judgment, and nothing more.

62 Specific to the common law action to enforce a foreign judgment, where that
judgment is entitled to recognition, “[t]he action will be commenced by the
issue of process in the usual way, claiming the judgment sum as a debt”
(Adrian Briggs and Peter Rees QC, _Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments_ (Informa
London, 5th Ed, 2009) (“ _Briggs & Rees_”) at para 7.70). This position in law
has its roots in the division between law and equity prior to the enactment of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873 (c 66) (UK). A foreign judgment was
generally thought to be enforceable only in a Court of Law – as opposed to a
Court of Chancery (but see R W White, “ _Enforcement of Foreign Judgments in
Equity_ ” (1980–1982) 9 Sydney L Rev 630 (“ _White_ ”)) – necessitating that
the action be by way of a claim in _assumpsit_ (_ie_ , an action for recovery
on a simple contract for definite sums of money).

63 The nature of the enforcement action at common law is put down as a reason
for the requirement that only foreign judgments for a fixed sum of money may
be enforced. Since the proper action for the enforcement of a foreign judgment
was an action in _assumpsit_ , it follows that an action for the enforcement
of non-money foreign judgments cannot be countenanced (see generally: _Dicey,
Morris & Collins_ at para 14-022; _Briggs & Rees_ at para 7.71; _The Conflict
of Laws_ at pp 149–150; White; S Pitel, “ _Enforcement of Foreign Non-Monetary
Judgments in Canada (and Beyond)_ ” (2007) 3 JPIL 241; R F Oppong, “
_Enforcing Foreign Non-Money Judgments: an Examination of Some Recent
Developments in Canada and Beyond_ ” (2006) 39 UBC L Rev 257; K Pham, “
_Enforcement of Non-Monetary Foreign Judgments in Australia_ ” (2008) 30
Sydney L Rev 663; and V Black, “ _Enforcement of Foreign Non-Money Judgments:
Pro Swing v Elta_ ” (2005) 42 Can Bus LJ 81). This reason has been the subject
of criticism that the form of the remedy should not affect substantive rights
and that, as described in _The Conflict of Laws_ by Prof Briggs (at p 149),
“[t]he tail may be wagging the dog”. Nevertheless, this requirement
constituted the basis for one of the grounds of the Court of Appeal’s decision
in _Poh Soon Kiat_ , and it was neither the occasion nor the place of this
court to examine its propriety.

64 Be that as it may, the parties did not dispute that the PRC Judgment Sums
were fixed and ascertained sums of money. The question was whether the PRC
Judgment could constitute the basis of such a debt claim.

The nature of the obligations owed by the parties under the PRC Judgment

65 Parties (and in particular the Defendant) did not dispute that the orders
made in the PRC Judgment gave rise to an obligation on the part of the
Defendant to pay the Plaintiff certain ascertained sums of moneys. The point
of contention here was whether the obligation of the Defendant to pay the
Plaintiff the PRC Judgment Sums could be enforced given that the generator
sets were still in the Plaintiff’s possession.

66 As a preliminary point, this issue raised the question as to which law
should govern how the obligations owed by parties under a foreign judgment
should be characterised for the purposes of enforcement. This was addressed by
the Court of Appeal in _Poh Soon Kiat_ which found (at [19]) that whether the
Californian judgment was a “fresh foreign money judgment” was a matter to be
determined according to Californian law. I respectfully agree. The court cited
three authorities: _Carl Zeiss Stiftung v Rayner & Keeler Ltd_ [1967] 1 AC 853
at 927; _Colt Industries Inc v Sarlie (No 2)_ [1966] 1 WLR 1287 at 1293; and
_Beatty v Beatty_ [1924] 1 KB 807 (CA) at 816. I note that the three
authorities cited stood for the proposition that the foreign law (and not the
_lex fori_) determines whether a foreign judgment is final and conclusive for
the purposes of recognition and enforcement, and did not directly concern the
determination of the nature of the obligations owed under the foreign
judgment. However, this issue was not raised before me by the parties whom –
given the extensive expert evidence led on the matter – I took to accept that
PRC law would apply in determining the issue. I therefore proceeded on that
basis.

67 In that regard, the parties sought to lead evidence from the PRC legal
experts on the interpretation of the PRC Judgment and what the order for the
Plaintiff to return the generator sets to the Defendant entailed. Both the
experts were agreed that under PRC law principles of fairness and good faith
informed the resolution of this issue. Mr Tang interpreted that to mean that
the party who was in breach of the contract would have to bear the expenses of
returning the generator sets. The orders made in the PRC Judgment were then
scrutinised with that premise in mind.

68 The PRC Judgment ordered that the Defendant was to compensate the Plaintiff
for the loss of RMB7,088 in addition to the reimbursement of the purchase
price of US$190,000. This RMB7,088 was for the costs incurred by the
Plaintiff, after it had taken delivery, in transporting the generator sets
from the dock to the Plaintiff’s facility for installation. That the Plaintiff
was compensated for this was not surprising given that the PRC Court found the
Defendant liable for breach of the Contract. The PRC Judgment was, however,
silent as to where the generators sets were to be returned to the Defendant.
To my mind, the order for the Plaintiff to return the generator sets to the
Defendant meant only that the Plaintiff was to make the generator sets
available at its premises for collection by the Defendant. Were it otherwise,
so that the Plaintiff was obliged to deliver the same to a location of the
Defendant’s choice, the PRC Court would have made further provision for the
Plaintiff to be compensated for such expenses to be incurred. Only then would
it be consistent with the PRC Court’s order that the Defendant was to
compensate the Plaintiff’s transportation costs of RMB7,088. Mr Tang agreed
with that analysis.

69 Mr Hua, however, disagreed. He was of the view that the PRC Court would not
consider such matters until any subsequent claims for expenses incurred in
fulfilling its obligations were in fact made by the Plaintiff. Mr Hua opined
further that this would be the case even if, for example, the Plaintiff had an
obligation to deliver the generator sets from the PRC to Singapore. I found
that this was not consistent with the general principle of fairness and good
faith which _both_ experts agreed must inform the Plaintiff’s obligation to
return the generator sets. It would not be fair if the Plaintiff’s obligation
under the PRC Judgment entailed that it be put out of pocket until such time
that it made a further claim before the PRC Court, notwithstanding that it was
the innocent party.

70 As mentioned earlier (see above at [11]), the Plaintiff was at all times
ready and willing for the Defendant to collect the generator sets from them.
The Defendant, however, had no such intention to do so. I found that the
Plaintiff’s obligation being simply to allow collection of the generator sets
by the Defendant, it had done all that was required of it under the PRC
Judgment. Indeed, that was all that could reasonably be expected of it.

71 To that end, the experts’ view that “the obligations set out in the PRC
Judgment are to be performed simultaneously” was really beside the
point.[note: 14] Whether the Defendant was in possession of the generator sets
or not in this case had no bearing on its obligations to pay the Plaintiff the
PRC Judgment Sums since it did not make any arrangement to collect the
generator sets. It did not lie in the Defendant’s mouth to say that it did not
have to perform its obligation to pay the Plaintiff the PRC Judgment Sums
because it did not collect the generator sets.

Whether the Plaintiff’s claim was precluded because the PRC Judgment comprised
other obligations which were not for a definite sum of money

72 Since the Defendant owed an obligation to the Plaintiff for the payment of
the PRC Judgment Sums, the question was whether this could be enforced here
notwithstanding that the PRC Judgment also included the Plaintiff’s obligation
to return the generator sets to the Defendant, the latter not being an order
for payment of a fixed sum of money.

73 Ms Chew’s submission in this regard was that a “judgment is enforceable so
long as it orders the payment of ‘a definite sum of money’”,[note: 15] and it
was beside the point that the PRC Judgment made further orders which were
otherwise. The order for the Defendant to pay the Plaintiff the PRC Judgment
Sums constituted a debt obligation which could found an action for enforcement
in Singapore. Mr Goh submitted, on the other hand, that as long as the PRC
Judgment contained obligations besides payment of a debt, the Plaintiff would
be precluded from bringing a claim under the PRC Judgment.

74 I could not agree with Mr Goh. It is established that an action in
_assumpsit_ or debt may be brought against a defendant for costs awarded
against him in a foreign judgment so long as the order for costs was final and
for a definite and ascertained sum of money (see _Dicey, Morris and Collins_
at para 14-022). Importantly, such an action could be maintained even where
the costs order arose from a judgment where the substantive merits did not
result in orders for definite sums of moneys. This was the case in _Russell v
Smyth_ (1842) 9 M & W 810 (“ _Russell v Smyth_ ”), where an order for costs
awarded in a foreign divorce suit was held to be enforceable (at 817):

… The question arises in Scotland, and _the decree of the Court of Session
creates a duty in the party to pay a debt_ , and does not give rise to the
question of jurisdiction. It is plain that this is not a decree of an
ecclesiastical Court, _but of a Court of competent jurisdiction awarding
costs_ , and not having the power by its own process of enforcing the payment
of them in this country. _An action of assumpsit, or debt, therefore, lies for
the recovery of them_. … [emphasis added]

75 Consistent with the conceptual basis for the enforcement of foreign
judgments explained earlier, the order for the defendant to pay costs of the
divorce proceedings in _Russell v Smyth_ constituted an obligation to pay a
debt which could establish an action in _assumpit_ or debt in England. _A
fortiori_ , where a foreign court makes an order for payment of a definite sum
of money (other than for costs) amongst other orders, the order for payment of
a definite sum of money should be capable of founding an action in debt.

76 It followed that in the present case, the PRC Judgment ordering that the
Defendant pay the Plaintiff the PRC Judgment Sums was capable of founding the
Plaintiff’s debt claim in Singapore.

77 As an aside, I should add that Ms Chew also sought to rely on the doctrine
that objectionable parts of a foreign judgment could be severed from the rest
of the judgment such that the unobjectionable parts of the judgment may be
enforced. In support of her submission, Ms Chew cited _Yeo_ at para 75.168:

A foreign judgment that is objectionable in part may be severed and the
unobjectionable parts enforced, if the unobjectionable part could be clearly
identified and separated from the objectionable part. …

78 At first blush, Prof Yeo would seem to suggest that Ms Chew’s submission
had some merit. However, this warranted further consideration. The basis
behind Prof Yeo’s statement was the case of _Raulin v Fischer_ [1911] 2 KB 93
which was also relied upon by Ms Chew. As pointed out by Mr Goh, the component
of the judgment that was deemed objectionable in _Raulin v Fischer_ was a
penal payment based on a criminal sanction. Since a foreign penal law was
unenforceable under private international law (see the English cases of
_Huntington v Attrill_ [1893] AC 150 and _United States of America v Inkley_
[1989] QB 255), the English court severed that part of the judgment and
enforced only the non-penal component of the foreign judgment. Ms Chew also
relied upon the English Court of Appeal decision in _Lewis v Eliades and
others_ [2004] 1 WLR 692 (“ _Lewis v Eliades_ ”). In _Lewis v Eliades_ , the
claimant obtained a judgment in the United States court which he sought to
enforce in England. The judgment was for damages for breach of fiduciary duty
and fraud, and damages based on statute. For the statutory damages, the
claimant was entitled to treble damages, which were not enforceable in the
English courts by reason of s 5 of the Protection of Trading Interests Act
1980 (c 11) (UK). Accordingly, the English court severed the statutory damages
from the rest of the judgment and enforced that part of the judgment awarding
damages for breach of fiduciary duty and fraud. The orders made in the PRC
Judgment, however, were of a different nature entirely and did not involve the
enforcement of foreign penal, revenue or other public laws. In that regard, I
did not think it was appropriate to extend the concept of severance to the
present case.

Conclusion on Issue 2

79 In the light of my conclusion that the PRC Judgment ordering the return of
the generator sets did not require the Plaintiff to transport the same to a
location of the Defendant’s choice (it being the Defendant’s obligation to
collect the same), I held that the Defendant’s obligation to pay the PRC
Judgment Sums was enforceable in Singapore. To be clear, in arriving at this
conclusion, I did not have to consider nor place any reliance on the validity
or otherwise of the underlying claim in contract sued upon in the PRC
Judgment.

Overall conclusion

80 For the foregoing reasons, I found for the Plaintiff, and made the
following orders:

(a) The Defendant shall pay the Plaintiff the PRC Judgment Sums as ordered in
the PRC Judgment.

(b) The Defendant shall reimburse the Plaintiff the PRC Court Fees ordered
under the PRC Judgment.

(c) The Defendant shall pay interest on:

(i) the PRC Judgment Sums; and

(ii) the PRC Court Fees at the rate of 6.56% per annum for the period from 26
April 2011 to 7 August 2013, amounting to US$28,513.53 and RMB3,258.65
respectively.

(d) The Defendant shall pay interest on:

(i) the PRC Judgment Sums; and

(ii) the PRC Court Fees

at the rate of 5.33% per annum from 8 August 2013 until date of full payment.

(e) The Defendant shall pay the Plaintiff costs to be taxed unless agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]AEIC of Tho Kee Ping at para 26.

[note: 2]AEIC of Wang Bulin at para 7; 1AB.72–76.

[note: 3]AEIC of Tho Kee Ping at para 29.

[note: 4]AEIC of Tho Kee Ping at para 31; 1AB.186–191.

[note: 5]AEIC of Tho Kee Ping at pp 281–282.

[note: 6]Agreed Bundle of Documents, vol 2 at pp 359–360.

[note: 7]Transcript dated 31 July 2013 at p 97.

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 2; Defendant’s closing
submissions at para 4.

[note: 9]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 82.

[note: 10]AEIC of Tan Chian Huat at [22]; Transcript dated 31 July 2013 at pp
64–65.

[note: 11]Transcript dated 31 July 2013 at pp 50 and 63.

[note: 12]Defendant’s closing submissions at para 180.

[note: 13]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 69.

[note: 14]Joint Expert Report at para 35.

[note: 15]Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 67.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

