Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Siemens Industry Software Pte Ltd _v_ Lion Global Offshore Pte Ltd  
[2014] SGHC 251

Case Number| :| Suit No 785 of 2014 (Registrar's Appeal No 331 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 November 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Navin Joseph Lobo and Ang Kai Wen (ATMD Bird & Bird LLP)
for the plaintiff; Lim Hong Kan (Lim & Bangras) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Siemens Industry Software Pte Ltd — Lion Global Offshore Pte Ltd  
  
28 November 2014|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the defendant against the decision of the Assistant
Registrar (“the AR”) entering summary judgment on a sum of $267,500 in favour
of the plaintiff. I dismissed the defendant’s appeal. The defendant has since
filed an appeal against my decision.

Background

2 The plaintiff is a company whose stated business is in the development of
software and other programming activities and software consultancy. The
defendant is a company whose stated business is in offshore rig vessel design,
shipbuilding, ship repair, commissioning and marketing as well as marketing
and trading in offshore vessels. Both companies were incorporated in
Singapore.[note: 1]

3 At the material time, there was a copyright infringement dispute between the
plaintiff and the defendant regarding the installation and use of eight
allegedly infringing copies of the plaintiff’s software on the defendant’s
computer’s system (“the Copyright Dispute”).[note: 2]

4 On 27 June 2014, representatives of the plaintiff and the defendant met at
the plaintiff’s office with a view to settle the Copyright Dispute (“the
Meeting”).[note: 3] Two documents were signed at the Meeting, namely:

(a) the Settlement Agreement (“the SA”);[note: 4] and

(b) a document titled “Quotation 419833 Licensed Software Designation
Agreement” (“the LSDA”).[note: 5]

5 The SA is a short, two-page document with eight clauses. In effect, the SA
is a full and final settlement of the Copyright Dispute on a no-fault basis,
subject to certain conditions. Clause 1 of the SA states that the defendant
agrees to buy six sets of the plaintiff’s software called FEMAP, pursuant to
the LSDA. Clause 3 of the SA states that the settlement will only come into
force and be valid when the defendant has made full payment for all monies
owed under invoice” to the plaintiff. It is clear, therefore, that the SA is
conditional on the payments owed under the LSDA.

6 The LSDA is three pages long. The first page sets out the software to be
purchased, namely, the six software licenses, as well as the price, being
$250,000 (plus taxes). The second page sets out additional terms and
conditions, including the means by which the software will be delivered to the
customer and the validity of the quotation. The last page is simply the page
used for parties to sign. Under the title “Licensed Software Designation
Agreement” can be found the words “Valid through: June 30, 2014”.

7 At the end of the Meeting, the defendant’s director, Mr Ng Khim Kiong (“Mr
Ng”), signed the SA, while the defendant’s general manager, Mr Benjamin Oh
(“Mr Oh”), signed the LSDA.[note: 6] The LSDA was countersigned by one of the
plaintiff’s representatives.[note: 7] However, a copy of the SA signed by the
plaintiff was never provided to the defendant.[note: 8]

8 On 30 June 2014, the plaintiff transmitted to the defendant by email a
“Proforma Invoice” dated 28 June 2014 (“the Invoice”) for the sum of S$267,500
being the purchase price of S$250,000 and goods and services tax amounting to
S$17,500 (7% of S$250,000).[note: 9] The payment term was stated to be
“immediate”. However, the email to which the Invoice was attached stated: “As
per agreement and process, USD 100K or USD 150k shall be paid to Siemens
within today, and the rest will be arranged in the coming 2 days”.[note: 10]
Mr Saurabh Bose (“Mr Bose”), the director of License Compliance (Asia
Pacific), Global Sales & Services of the plaintiff, clarified that the
payments were actually for the same sums in Singapore dollars.[note: 11]

9 Around 2 July 2014, Mr Oh informed the plaintiff that the defendant was not
willing to pay on the Invoice.[note: 12] The plaintiff took the view that this
amounted to a repudiatory breach of the LSDA.[note: 13]

10 Notwithstanding the non-payment by the defendant, the plaintiff delivered
six software licenses to the defendant by making the software available on a
website and providing the necessary passwords and instructions to the
defendant to download, activate and use the plaintiff’s software licenses by
way of an email dated 15 July 2014.[note: 14] This delivery was in accordance
with the LSDA, which states that the delivery of the products will occur when
the plaintiff makes the software available to the customer by means of
electronic download from a website specified by the plaintiff.[note: 15]

11 The next day, the plaintiff issued a letter of demand through its
solicitors notifying the defendant of the plaintiff’s election to perform
notwithstanding the defendant’s refusal to pay. The plaintiff demanded payment
of the sum of S$267,500 within seven days of the date of the letter.[note: 16]

12 No payment was made by 24 July 2014, and the plaintiff commenced the
present action on the same date.[note: 17] According to the Statement of
Claim, the plaintiff’s claim is simply a claim in debt as:

(a) the defendant acted in breach of its obligations under the LSDA when it
informed the plaintiff that it would not be making payment under the Invoice;

(b) notwithstanding the defendant’s breach of the LSDA, the plaintiff elected
to perform and duly delivered the plaintiff’s software in accordance with the
terms of the LSDA; and

(c) the defendant is, as a result of the circumstances raised in [12(a)] and
[12(b)], indebted to the plaintiff for the sum of S$267,500, which has not
been paid.

General principles on which summary judgment is granted

13 In the recent case of _M2B World Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Matsumura Akihiko_
[2014] SGHC 225 (“ _M2B World_ ”), at [17] to [19], Prakash J gave a helpful
overview of the legal principles governing an application for summary
judgment. The relevant portion of the judgment reads as follows:

17 The legal principles governing an application for summary judgment are well
known. To obtain judgment, the plaintiff first has to show that he has a
_prima facie_ case for summary judgment. If he fails to do that, his
application ought to be dismissed. However, once the plaintiff shows that he
has a  _prima facie_ case, the burden shifts to the defendant who, in order to
obtain leave to defend, must establish that there is a fair or reasonable
probability that he has a real or  _bona fide_ defence: see, for example,
_Ritzland Investment Pte Ltd v Grace Management & Consultancy Services Pte
Ltd_ [2014] 2 SLR 1342 (“ _Ritzland_ ”) at [43]–[47].

18 In  _Ritzland_ , it was clarified that it is the tactical burden and not
the evidential or legal burden that shifts to the defendant.

19 The defendant need only show that there is a triable issue or question or
that for some other reason there ought to be a trial:  _Singapore Civil
Procedure_ , vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 2013) at para 14/4/5 (“ _Singapore Civil
Procedure_ ”). A court would not grant leave to defend if all the defendant
provides is a mere assertion, contained in an affidavit, of a given situation
which forms the basis of his defence:  _Prosperous Credit Pte Ltd v Gen Hwa
Franchise International Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 53 at [14]. The following
statement from  _Bank Negara Malaysia v Mohd Ismail & Ors_ [1992] 1 MLJ 400 is
also instructive:

Under an O 14 application, the duty of a judge does not end as soon as a fact
is asserted by one party, and denied or disputed by the other in an affidavit.
_Where such assertion, denial or dispute is equivocal, or lacking in precision
or is inconsistent with undisputed contemporary documents or other statements
by the same deponent, or is inherently improbable in itself, then the judge
has a duty to reject such assertion or denial, thereby rendering the issue not
triable_. In our opinion, unless this principle is adhered to, a judge is in
no position to exercise his discretion judicially in an O 14 application.
Thus, apart from identifying the issues of fact or law, the court must go one
step further and determine whether they are triable. This principle is
sometimes expressed by the statement that a complete defence need not be
shown. The defence set up need only show that there is a triable issue.

The alleged triable issues

14 It is clear, from even the brief rendition of the background facts, that
the plaintiff has a _prima facie_ case for summary judgment.

15 In its written submissions before the AR, the defendant had argued that
there were six triable issues in the present case, which it argued were as
follows:[note: 18]

(a) The First Alleged Triable Issue: Whether the plaintiff is precluded from
proceeding with its claim against the defendant by simply pleading its claim
based solely on the LSDA without pleading the SA when in fact the LSDA is an
express term of the SA; and therefore any decision made in this action might
have impact on the settlement under the SA.

(b) The Second Alleged Triable Issue: If the LSDA is a separate agreement from
the SA, whether the LSDA is unenforceable for uncertainty since there are,
_inter alia_ , no agreed terms or any term for payment.

(c) The Third Alleged Triable Issue: The words “Valid through: June 30, 2014”
in the LSDA are vague and uncertain. The triable issue is whether the date
refers to the date on which the parties must sign the LSDA, the date the
plaintiff must deliver the goods to the defendant, or the date the defendant
must make payment to the plaintiff.

(d) The Fourth Alleged Triable Issue: Whether the Invoice with a unilaterally
imposed term (_ie_ , the requirement that payment be immediate), and whether
the email dated 30 June 2014 requesting the defendant to pay US$100,000 or
US$150,000 within the same day and the rest to be arranged within the
following two days, constituted a variation of the terms of the LSDA, thereby
rendering the LSDA invalid.

(e) The Fifth Alleged Triable Issue: Whether para 5(d) of the plaintiff’s
Reply should be struck out or alternatively be disregarded for the purpose of
the plaintiff’s application therein. Paragraph 5(d) of the Reply states:

In order to give business efficacy to the LSDA, it was an implied term of the
LSDA that the sum of S$250,000 (and 7% GST thereon) would be paid upon the
issuance of the Invoice. In the alternative, in order to give business
efficacy of the LSDA, it was an implied term of the LSDA that the sum of
S$250,000 (and 7% GST thereon) would be paid upon the delivery of the Software
Licenses or a reasonable time thereafter.

(f) The Sixth Triable Issue: Whether there was _consensus ad idem_ in respect
of the LSDA.

The AR’s decision

16 After hearing the arguments of the parties, the AR stated that the only
issue was whether a contract had been formed. She referred to evidence which
showed that the defendant had agreed to the LSDA. She referred to an email
from Mr Ng to the plaintiff dated 29 June 2014 in which Mr Ng stated, “I must
admit I felt the need to settle as gentlemen and under the pressure put on us,
I had mistakenly agreed. But in retrospect, it is too excessive”.[note: 19]

17 Accordingly, she found that the parties had entered into a valid and
binding contract (_ie_ , the LSDA). She also found that the issues
characterised by the defendant as triable issues were not in fact triable
issues.[note: 20]

My decision

Whether the LSDA was an independent agreement

18 Leaving aside any possible vitiating factors for the moment, the first
question is whether an agreement was concluded on the LSDA. There is no
question that the defendant’s representatives knew what they were getting into
when the LSDA was signed. It is clear from Mr Ng’s affidavit dated 28 August
2014 that he read both the SA and the LSDA. It did not escape his attention
that the SA was only effective upon the fulfilment of two conditions. The
first condition was for the sale of the six licenses under the LSDA and the
second condition was for the payment owed under the Invoice to be made in
full. However, he asserted that this meant that if the SA had not been made
effective, the sale of the software licenses _per se_ would also not be
effective. He claimed that this clearly showed that the plaintiff was well
aware that _both_ the SA and the LSDA were conditional/contingent agreements
and they were not binding on the defendant by the express terms and conditions
thereof. This was why the defendant’s representatives signed the SA and
LSDA.[note: 21]

19 To begin, this is a rather bizarre assertion. The SA and the LSDA are two
separate agreements, for two different purposes. The SA deals with the
resolution of the Copyright Dispute while the LSDA deals with the sale of the
software licenses. The fact that the LSDA is referred to in the SA does not
make the LSDA an “annexure” to the SA, as argued by the defendant.[note: 22]
Obviously, the settlement being conditional on the sale of the licenses does
not mean that the sale of the licenses is also conditional on the settlement
coming into effect. This would require a condition precedent to an outcome to
be conditional on the outcome itself. At the very least, this is not a
reasonable reading of the SA and LSDA, which are, I add, very short and simple
documents. The interaction between the SA and LSDA is clear. In order for the
SA to come into effect, the defendant must (1) enter into the LSDA and (2)
make full payment of the monies _owed_ under the Invoice. It is not possible
for the LSDA to only become binding when the SA is itself effective, because
the SA is only valid when full payment is made of the monies _owed_ under the
Invoice. It is not possible for there to be any monies _owed_ under the
Invoice unless the LSDA is already effective and binding on the parties. This
is a clear indication that the SA and LSDA must have been contemplated as
separate and independent agreements, rather than mutually dependent ones.

20 In any event, Mr Ng’s assertions amount to no more than his subjective
views of the effect of the SA and the LSDA. As I have demonstrated, even if Mr
Ng honestly believed in his own views on how the SA and LSDA should be
construed, they constituted an objectively unsustainable interpretation of the
SA and the LSDA. In any event, the evidence shows that the defendant was well
aware that it was bound. If Mr Ng really did think that nothing was actually
agreed or that nothing was legally binding on the defendant, one might expect
the defendant to mention this in its correspondence with the plaintiff. On the
contrary, Mr Ng’s email dated 29 June 2014 – which was highlighted by the AR
(see [16] above) – shows that he understood that an agreement had actually
been concluded.

21 Similarly, in an email dated 7 July 2014 by Mr Oh to the plaintiff, the
defendant essentially accepts that an agreement was concluded:[note: 23]

In retrospect, we felt we were under pressure to settle _and we did._ The
settlement quantum of 6 licenses exceeds our expectation. It was all conducted
under your License Compliance department in a matter of hours to which we
tried to mitigate for amicable settlement of lesser amount _but failed_.
[emphasis added]

22 As the SA and the LSDA are separate contracts, there is therefore no need
for the plaintiff to have pleaded the SA in the Statement of Claim. This deals
with the First Alleged Triable Issue.

23 At this juncture, I consider if there is a triable issue as to whether the
LSDA was procured by duress or undue pressure. To summarise, Mr Ng claimed
that Mr Bose had acted in a threatening manner during the Meeting. He claimed
that Mr Bose stated that infringement of copyright was a serious crime that
could land Mr Ng in jail,[note: 24] and that the plaintiff could potentially
sue the defendant for damages of over US$800,000.[note: 25] Mr Ng said that Mr
Bose had also insisted that if no settlement was reached, the plaintiff would
not hesitate to begin legal proceedings.[note: 26] Moreover, Mr Bose had
allegedly expressed displeasure after Mr Ng said that the defendant ought to
reserve its right to seek legal advice on this matter.[note: 27] Mr Ng
asserted that he had “no other choice” but to “play for a little time to work
things out”.[note: 28]

24 In my view, these assertions are merely an afterthought. To begin, the
defendant did not plead any such vitiating factors in its defence. This issue
was also not raised in the defendant’s written submissions to the AR, or in
oral arguments before her. Clearly, the defendant’s counsel did not think that
this was a meritorious argument, and neither do I.

25 As noted in _E C Investment Holding Pte Ltd v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and
another (Orion Oil Ltd and another, interveners)_ [2011] 2 SLR 232 at [48] and
[51], there are two elements in the wrong of duress: (1) pressure amounting to
compulsion of the will of the victim, and (2) the illegitimacy of the pressure
exerted.

26 Even if Mr Bose had threatened Mr Ng with legal action, a “threat” to
enforce one’s legal right does not amount to duress, at least where the threat
is made _bona fide_ , and is not manifestly frivolous or vexatious (at _Goh
Chok Tong v Chee Soon Juan_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 32 at [43]).

27 For completeness, I also refer to _Real Estate Consortium Pte Ltd v East
Coast Properties Pte Ltd and another_ [2011] 2 SLR 758 at [51]:

51 In any event, even if I were to accept the defendants’ allegations that
Chan and Sern had threatened the second defendant that the plaintiff would
take legal action if the defendants failed to make payment of the principal
sum, that alone is insufficient to amount to “illegitimate pressure”. It has
been observed in _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2009)
at para 7-050 (endorsed in _Shunmugam Jayakumar v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin_
[1996] 2 SLR(R) 658 at [51] (“ _Shunmugam_ ”); also see _Miles v New Zealand
Alford Estate Company_ (1886) 32 Ch D 266 and _Jayawickreme v Amarasuriya
(since deceased)_ [1918] AC 869) that:

Since recourse to law is the remedy for redress provided by the law itself, it
is obvious that prima facie a threat to enforce one’s legal rights by
instituting civil proceedings cannot be an unlawful or wrongful threat.
Consequently a contract which is obtained by means of such a threat must prima
facie be valid, and cannot be impeached on grounds of duress. So an ordinary
bona fide compromise is clearly a valid contract even though exacted under
threats to bring (or defend) legal proceedings. … Even a threat to bring
proceedings where there is no ground of action in law is prima facie not an
unlawful threat, at least where the threat is made _bona fide_ , and is not
manifestly frivolous or vexatious.

28 Even on Mr Ng’s evidence, it is clear that he knew what he was signing,
even if he appears to have taken an unreasonable interpretation of the terms.
It is also clear that Mr Bose’s alleged threats of legal action were not
without basis. Indeed, in Mr Oh’s letter to the plaintiff dated 26 June 2014,
Mr Oh effectively admitted that there had been unauthorised installations and
use of the plaintiff’s software.[note: 29] The sum of US$800,000 in potential
damages that Mr Bose allegedly mentioned was also not plucked out of thin air,
but arrived at through a pricing mechanism that was actually disclosed to the
defendant _before_ the Meeting.[note: 30] Interestingly, Mr Ng did not assert
that he had no alternative but to _enter into the settlement_ to avoid the
threat of legal sanction. Rather, he said that he had no alternative “but to
play for a little time”. Indeed, Mr Ng was effectively saying that he signed
the SA and the LSDA because he thought that _they would not be binding on
him._ The implication is, of course, that if he had thought that they were
binding, he would not have signed them.

29 Accordingly, even if Mr Ng’s assertions were true with respect to the Mr
Bose’s behaviour at the Meeting, the LSDA remains a binding agreement.
Perhaps, after further consideration, the defendant decided that the prospect
of civil litigation (and even the possibility of criminal sanction) was
preferable to the sums it actually agreed to pay for the software licenses
under the LSDA. As the plaintiff has submitted, all this shows is that the
defendant was suffering “a classic case of buyer’s remorse”.[note: 31] But
that, by itself, would not release the defendant from any contractual
obligations to which it had agreed.

Whether the LSDA is unenforceable for uncertainty

30 The Second, Fourth and Fifth Alleged Triable Issues are linked and I will
deal with them together. To begin, the defendant claims that there is a
triable issue as to whether the LSDA is unenforceable for uncertainty because
there are no terms for payment in the LSDA itself.

31 Uncertainty as to the time of payment may render an agreement unenforceable
when it is determined to be vital to the agreement. In _T2 Networks Pte Ltd v
Nasioncom Sdn Bhd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 1 (“ _T2 Networks_ ”), Prakash J found that
a settlement agreement was not legally binding because the payment terms of
the settlement agreement were not certain. _T2 Networks_ was cited with
approval by the Court of Appeal in _Dynasty Line Ltd (in liquidation) v
Sukamto Sia and another and another appeal_ [2014] 3 SLR 277 at [19].

32 In _T2 Networks_ , the clause that was found to be uncertain was as follows
(_T2 Networks_ at [20]):

2\. NasionCom to settle the outstanding payments to T2 within a stated
schedule

a. Action by Kai Shan to instruct MobileOne that settlement will be made
directly by NasionCom

b. Action by Damien to update Dato’ on the payments for Dato’ [_sic_] approval

c. Immediate partial payment and thereafter on a scheduled basis.

33 On this issue, Prakash J set out her reasoning as follows (_T2 Networks_ at
[44]):

44 Apart from the lack of consideration to support the settlement agreement,
there is another problem with it: it is uncertain. Clause 2 does not give a
schedule for NC's payment of the invoices. In court, Dato Chee could not tell
me whether the schedule was agreed and, if so, how long it would take for full
payment to be made. NC submitted that I should read cl 2 as providing for
payment within a reasonable time. _I find it difficult to do so because it is
hard to determine what a reasonable time is in a situation where the creditor
is desperate for money and the debtor has been stringing out payment for a
long time._ It was also clear to me from the evidence that all along what T2
wanted from NC was immediate payment. I do not think that it would have agreed
to payment within a reasonable time as determined by Dato Chee, when NC had
not previously been reliable in its payments. Further, even if cl 2(c) was
agreed, how much would be paid immediately and what the amount and period of
the succeeding instalments would be was left to NC to determine. As I have
stated, the payment schedule was vital for T2 and if that payment schedule was
not agreed, then the settlement agreement could not have been concluded. In
this connection, the following observation by Lord Wright in  _G Scammell and
Nephew, Limited v H C and J G Ouston_ [1941] AC 251 (at 268-269) is apposite:

It is a necessary requirement that an agreement in order to be binding must be
sufficiently definite to enable the court to give it a practical meaning. Its
terms must be so definite, or capable of being made definite without further
agreement of the parties, that the promises and performances to be rendered by
each party are reasonably certain.

_It has been held in later cases that as long as the main terms of an
agreement have been arrived at, the agreement can still come into existence
and be enforceable even though there are some minor terms to be worked out._ I
do not consider that this case comes within that situation. It was vital for
T2 to have certainty as to the dates and amounts of payment from NC. These
were not minor terms that T2 would have been content for NC or Dato Chee to
work out in their discretion.

[emphasis added]

34 Clearly, it is not always the case that the non-inclusion of the mode or
time for payment of a sale renders a contract unenforceable for uncertainty.
In _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed)
(Academy Publishing, 2012) at para 03.148, the learned authors rightly noted
that:

… the courts do not expect commercial documents to be drafted with the outmost
precision and certainty. To take such an approach would strike down bargains
legitimately reached by two parties who might not have been so astute as to
legal precision or uncertainty. …

35 In _T2 Networks_ , Prakash J had concluded that on the facts of that case,
the payment schedule was vital because the plaintiff had to have certainty as
to the dates and amounts of payment from NC. She was unable to find that cl 2
should have been read as providing for payment within a reasonable time in
circumstances where the creditor was desperate for money in the face of a
dilatory debtor.

36 In the present case, there is nothing whatsoever in Mr Ng’s affidavit that
shows that the time of payment was vital to the transaction. On the contrary,
it is clear from Mr Ng’s own affidavit that the timing of the payments is not
one of the main terms of the contract. Unlike in _T2 Networks_ , there is also
no indication that a term of payment within a reasonable time could not be
implied. In any event, it is not necessary for me to determine the exact scope
of the implied term. All I have to determine is whether, in the absence of any
express term as to payment, the LSDA is unenforceable for uncertainty. On the
face of the LSDA alone, the quantity of products to be purchased, the method
of delivery, and the price of sale have been determined. These are sufficient
for the LSDA to be valid and binding. Although the time of payment was not
stated, it was merely a minor term that could be worked out. The Second
Alleged Triable Issue is therefore not a triable issue.

37 As it is not necessary to consider whether there is an implied term as
pleaded in para 5(d) of the Reply, the Fifth Alleged Triable Issue is also not
a triable issue.

38 For completeness, I note that it is Mr Bose’s evidence that the terms of
payment were in fact discussed. If this is true, it explains why the plaintiff
agreed to split the payments, as shown in the email to which the Invoice was
attached (see [8] above).[note: 32] It also explains why in its subsequent
correspondence, the defendant never raised the issue of when it was liable to
pay.

39 As for the Fourth Alleged Triable Issue, I am not able to see how the
Invoice, or the email containing the Invoice, is “tantamount to a variation of
the terms of the LSDA”. If there was no express and/or implied term as to the
timing of the payments, there can be no variation of the LSDA in any way. Even
if it was an attempt to vary the terms of the LSDA, I do not see how this
renders the LSDA invalid. It must be recalled that at this point the LSDA was
already a concluded contract, as I have found. Issues relating to offer and
acceptance are no longer relevant. This is not a case involving, for example,
a battle of the forms. Certainly, nothing done by the plaintiff can be
construed as being of a repudiatory nature. For completeness, I will add that
if the email containing the Invoice reflects the true agreement of the parties
as discussed at the Meeting, clearly the email cannot be considered a
“variation of the terms of the LSDA”. Accordingly, the Fourth Alleged Triable
Issue is also not a triable issue.

Whether the LSDA became invalid on 30 June 2014

40 The defendant also asserts that there is a triable issue as to the meaning
of the words “Valid through: June 30, 2014” in the LSDA (see [6] above). To
begin, there is nothing in Mr Ng’s affidavit that says anything about any
representations made to him about what the words mean. The plaintiff, on the
other hand, asserts that it was explained to the defendant’s representatives
at the Meeting that the validity date merely referred to the date that the
_offer_ would lapse.[note: 33]

41 Even on the assumption that nothing was said to the defendant’s
representatives at the Meeting, no reasonable person would regard the words
“Valid through: June 30, 2014” as meaning anything other than the date by
which the quotation is to be accepted. Reading it in any other way requires a
most strained and unreasonable interpretation of the LSDA. There is nothing in
Mr Ng’s rendition of the facts that comes close to suggesting that the
acceptance of the LSDA should be achieved by any means other than through the
signature of the parties, or that after acceptance, the LSDA could somehow
“self-invalidate” if neither party performed under the contract by 30 June
2014. The LSDA was signed and concluded at the Meeting. This disposes of the
Third Alleged Triable Issue.

42 For completeness, I will add that it is highly doubtful that the
defendant’s representatives actually subjectively held such a belief. Even in
Mr Oh’s email dated 7 July 2014 (see [21] above), in which the defendant
requested a meeting with the plaintiff’s chief executive officer after the
receipt of the Invoice, no mention was made about the expiry of the
defendant’s obligation under the LSDA.

Whether there was consensus ad idem

43 Since the LSDA is a clear, simple, independent and valid agreement, the
Sixth Alleged Triable Issue of whether there was “ _consensus ad idem_ ” is
not a triable issue as well.

Conclusion

44 For the above reasons, I dismissed the defendants’ appeal and awarded
$4,000 as the plaintiff’s costs and disbursements for the appeal.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim, paras 1 and 2; admitted in Defence, para 1.

[note: 2]Saurabh Bose’s affidavit dated 11 Sep 2014 (“Bose’s Affidavit”), para
9; Ng Khim Kiong’s affidavit dated 28 Aug 2014 (“Ng’s Affidavit”), para 22.

[note: 3]Ng’s Affidavit, para 16.

[note: 4]Ng’s Affidavit, p 44.

[note: 5]Ng’s Affidavit, p 46.

[note: 6]Ng’s Affidavit, para 38.

[note: 7]Ng’s Affidavit, p 48.

[note: 8]Bose’s Affidavit, para 12.

[note: 9]Teo Swee Guan Alex’s affidavit dated 15 Aug 2014 (“Teo’s Affidavit”),
p 10.

[note: 10]Teo’s Affidavit, p 10.

[note: 11]Bose’s Affidavit, para 23(i).

[note: 12]Ng’s Affidavit, p 32.

[note: 13]Written Submissions of the Plaintiff dated 20 Oct 2014 (“PS”), para
20.

[note: 14]Teo’s Affidavit, para 9 and pp 13 to 15.

[note: 15]Ng’s Affidavit, p 47.

[note: 16]Teo’s Affidavit, pp 16 to 17.

[note: 17]PS, para 5(e).

[note: 18]Respondent’s (The Defendant) Skeletal Submissions (Sum No 4026 of
2014), pp 6 to 8.

[note: 19]Ng’s Affidavit, p 28.

[note: 20]The AR’s NE, p 6.

[note: 21]Ng’s Affidavit, paras 37 and 38.

[note: 22]The AR’s NE, p 3, lines 27 to 29.

[note: 23]Ng’s Affidavit, p 34.

[note: 24]Ng’s Affidavit, para 19.

[note: 25]Ng’s Affidavit, para 22.

[note: 26]Ng’s Affidavit, para 27.

[note: 27]Mr Ng’s affidavit, para 31.

[note: 28]Ng’s Affidavit, para 34.

[note: 29]Ng’s Affidavit, p 22.

[note: 30]Ng’s Affidavit, p 24; see also the Written Submissions of the
Plaintiff dated 22 Sep 2014, para 30.

[note: 31]PS, para 15.

[note: 32]Bose’s Affidavit, para 23(i).

[note: 33]Bose’s Affidavit, para 18.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Nov 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

