Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  CCM Industrial Pte Ltd _v_ 70 Shenton Pte Ltd and another  
[2014] SGHC 75

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 269 of 2014, Summons No 1465 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Paul Tan and Thea Sonya Raman (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
plaintiff; Daniel Tay and Patrick Wong (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the first
defendant.  
Parties| :|  CCM Industrial Pte Ltd — 70 Shenton Pte Ltd and another  
  
16 April 2014|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J :

1 The plaintiff, CCM Industrial Pte Ltd (“CCM”) is a building contractor. It
was engaged by the first defendant, 70 Shenton Pte Ltd (“70 Shenton”) as the
main contractor to erect a 32-storey commercial building at 70 Shenton Way,
Singapore on 26 July 2012.

2 CCM filed the present Originating Summons (“the Action”) on 21 March 2014 to
seek various reliefs including:

(a) a declaration that 70 Shenton is not entitled to receive $4,728,250 (“the
Sum”) under Performance Bond Policy No 2012-A0414201-GPB dated 7 September
2012 (“the PB”) issued by the second defendant, The Overseas Assurance
Corporation Limited (“OAC”); and

(b) an injunction to restrain 70 Shenton from receiving the Sum or any other
sum under the PB.

3 CCM also filed _ex parte_ Summons No 1465 of 2014 (“the Summons”) on 21
March 2014 for various reliefs including an interim injunction to restrain 70
Shenton from receiving the Sum or any other sum under the PB until further
order. The purpose of the Summons was to obtain the interim injunction against
70 Shenton until the hearing of the Action.

4 I heard the Summons on 25 March 2014 and dismissed it with costs.

The issue

5 The issue before me was whether there was a strong _prima facie_ case of
unconsionability when 70 Shenton made a demand dated 17 March 2014 on OAC for
payment of the Sum under the PB.

The court’s reasons

6 By a letter dated 5 February 2014 from 70 Shenton’s architect, Ronny Chin
Architects (“the Architect”) to CCM, the Architect informed CCM that the
targeted completion date for micro-piling in a master programme was 16 January
2014 and was then three weeks in delay. Based on a progress report and a
targeted piling rate of six micro-piles per day, the Architect was of the
opinion that another seven months would be needed to complete the micro-
piling, resulting in an overall delay of eight months.

7 Accordingly, the Architect was of the opinion that CCM had failed to proceed
with the contractual works with due diligence and progress. As an example, the
Architect’s letter mentioned that only two to three, instead of six, micro-
piles were effected per day and there was no piling between 28 December 2013
to 24 January 2014. The Architect’s letter also informed CCM that unless CCM
took effective steps to catch up with the site progress, 70 Shenton reserved
the right to terminate the contract with CCM. The letter was stated to serve
as a written notice required under cl 32.(3)(d) of the Conditions of Contract
(“the Conditions”) which applied to the contract between the parties.

8 Subsequently, the Architect issued a Termination Certificate (“TC”) dated 14
March 2014 under cl 32.(4) of the Conditions to certify that 70 Shenton was
entitled to terminate the employment of CCM under cl 32.(3)(d) of the
Conditions.

9 Acting on the TC, 70 Shenton wrote on 17 March 2014 to terminate the
employment of CCM under cl 32.(1) of the Conditions.

10 As mentioned at [5] above, 70 Shenton also made a demand dated 17 March
2014 on OAC for payment of the Sum.

11 CCM then filed the Action on 21 March 2014 and also filed the Summons on
the same day. Liew Sen Keong (“Mr Liew”), the managing director of CCM,
executed his first affidavit on 21 March 2014 to support the Action. He
alleged the following:

(a) The piling rate was an average of six piles per day and not three piles
per day.

(b) There was still plenty of time for CCM to “eventually catch up on its
progress of works even though there may be delays now”. Using Micro-Programme
Revision 4 dated 24 February 2014, Mr Liew believed that the entire works
could be completed by the completion date for the entire works (as opposed to
the completion date for the micro-piling).

(c) CCM was entitled to extensions of time.

12 Mr Liew was therefore of the view that 70 Shenton’s termination of the
contract was unlawful and premature and its call on the PB was unconscionable.

13 Mr Liew also executed a second affidavit on 21 March 2014. This was to
support the Summons. His second affidavit adopted what was said in the first
affidavit. The second affidavit also said that CCM was instructing delay
analysis experts BK Burns Pte Ltd to provide their expert opinion on whether
there was a reasonable prospect of meeting the completion date for the entire
works.

14 Paragraph 6 of Mr Liew’s second affidavit stated that CCM was in the
process of further gathering and documenting the full facts. This was similar
to para 5 of his first affidavit in which he said that a more detailed
affidavit with supporting documents would follow to supplement his first
affidavit.

15 In _BS Mount Sophia Pte Ltd v Join-Aim Pte Ltd_ [2012] 3 SLR 352, the Court
of Appeal set out the principles on the granting of an injunction to restrain
a beneficiary from calling on a performance bond. I do not propose to
reiterate the principles here except to say that it is for an applicant like
CCM to establish a strong _prima facie_ case of unconscionability on the part
of the beneficiary of a performance bond in order to obtain an injunction of
the nature as sought by CCM.

16 The short point was that CCM did not even respond to the Architect’s letter
dated 5 February 2014 to dispute the allegation of delay in the micro-piling
works or to assert that it would be able to catch up. Neither did it claim an
extension of time then. Therefore, it appeared that at the material time it
had accepted that there was delay in the micro-piling works. Yet, it did not
provide concrete information to the Architect as to how it was going to catch
up. Even by the time it filed the Action and the Summons and the two
affidavits of Mr Liew, such information was not forthcoming. Indeed, Mr Liew’s
affidavits also suggested that CCM accepted that there was delay in the micro-
piling works. The allegation that CCM was gathering evidence was inadequate to
show unconscionability on the part of 70 Shenton.

17 Accordingly, CCM had failed to discharge its burden to establish a _prima
facie_ case of unconscionability.

18 For completeness, I mention that after I decided to dismiss the Summons,
CCM orally applied for a similar injunction pending an appeal to the Court of
Appeal on the ground that if such an injunction was not granted, it would
render its appeal nugatory. I did not agree that an appeal to the Court of
Appeal would be rendered nugatory in the absence of such an injunction. If
payment of the Sum is made by OAC to 70 Shenton Way before the appeal is
heard, and if CCM were successful in the appeal, the Court of Appeal may order
70 Shenton to repay the Sum to OAC or to pay it to CCM (or any other party).
There was no suggestion that 70 Shenton Way would be unable to repay or pay
the Sum.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

