Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Loh Siew Hock and others _v_ Lang Chin Ngau  
[2014] SGHC 191

Case Number| :| Suit No 81 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 September 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye JC (as he then was)  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Wong Soon Peng Adrian, Chow Chao Wu Jansen and Janahan
Thiru (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiffs; Quek Mong Hua, Ng Shu En Melissa
and Wong Wai Keong Anthony (Lee & Lee) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Loh Siew Hock and others — Lang Chin Ngau  
  
29 September 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs and the defendant are members of the Char Yong (Dabu)
Association (“CYA”). This dispute relates to the plaintiffs’ allegation that
the defendant had made certain defamatory statements about them during the
election of the 35th Management Council for CYA in December 2012. They claim
that the statements had the effect of lowering the plaintiffs’ standing in the
eyes of the right thinking members of the public.

2 At the close of the plaintiffs’ case, the defendant’s counsel, Mr Quek Mong
Hua (“Mr Quek”) submitted that there was no case to answer. He argued that the
statements in question were not defamatory. Alternatively, the defendant
sought to rely on the defences of fair comment and qualified privilege if the
statements were found to be defamatory.

Implication of the defendant’s submission of no case to answer

3 Before I deal with the above issues, I would like to address the implication
of the defendant’s submission of a no case to answer at the close of the
plaintiffs’ case. I had previously dealt with the principles applicable to a
no case to answer submission in _Lena Leowardi v Yeap Cheen Soo_ [2014] SGHC
44 at [18]–[22]. When the defendant mounted a no case to answer submission, he
in effect elected not to call evidence. The result is that the plaintiffs only
need to make out a _prima facie_ case to succeed in the suit. Furthermore, I
must assume that any evidence led by the plaintiffs is true, unless it is
inherently incredible or out of all common sense or reason.

4 Nevertheless, this does not free the plaintiffs from their burden of proof.
They must still prove all the essential elements of their claim based on the
totality of their evidence although this is subject to the court’s minimum
evaluation. Bearing these principles in mind, I shall proceed to deal with the
substantive issues.

Facts

5 The background of this case is important for a full appraisal of the issues
which I shall deal with shortly. The origin of the dispute arose from the
affairs of the Hakka Clan Association in the course of the election of office
bearers for the 35thCYA Management Council.

Char Yong (Dabu) Association

6 CYA is a Hakka Clan association founded in 1858 to benefit and educate its
Hakka members. This includes the provision for needy Hakka elders and the
award of scholarships for Hakka students. CYA also engages in other charitable
and educational causes.[note: 1] CYA established Char Yong (Dabu) Foundation
(“CYF”), a separate entity registered as a charity to administer these
charitable activities.[note: 2]

7 As stated in the CYA’s Constitution, CYA’s members are restricted to
Singaporean Hakkas whose ancestral home is in Char Yong (Dabu) District,
China.[note: 3] CYA’s affairs are managed by its Management Council, which
consists of 41 people. Out of the 41 members on the Management Council, 35 of
them are elected directly by CYA members with the remaining 6 members co-opted
by the elected members.[note: 4] Prior to the election of the 35th Management
Council in December 2012, the first, second and third plaintiffs, as well as
the defendant, were all members of CYA’s 34th Management Council.[note: 5]

Char Yong (Dabu) Foundation

8 CYF was established in 1995 with the primary purpose of promoting
educational and other charitable activities. It did so by managing the assets
of CYA, which it held on trust in furtherance of those charitable activities.
Since 30 June 2012, CYF held a sum of $91,611,554 (“the $90m fund”) under a
charitable purpose trust created by CYA.

9 CYF and its assets are managed by CYF’s board of directors, which consists
of 17 directors. All 17 directors were initially appointed from CYA’s
Management Council. However, after an audit conducted in April 2010, it was
recommended that for the purposes of good governance, CYF’s board of directors
should be restructured to include independent directors who were not part of
CYA’s Management Council. In response to this, CYF’s management was
restructured in 2011.[note: 6] Out of 17 directors, 10 are now appointed from
CYA’s Management Council (“related directors”) and seven are independent
directors who are not members of CYA’s Management Council (“non-related
directors”).[note: 7] These independent directors do not necessarily have to
be CYA members and Char Yong (Dabu) District, China, does not necessarily have
to be their ancestral home. During the December 2012 election, the first three
plaintiffs and the defendant were all related directors of CYF while the
fourth plaintiff was a non-related director of CYF.[note: 8]

The election of the 35th Management Council

10 The election of the 35th Management Council was held on 9 December 2012 and
56 CYA members were nominated as candidates. They were to be elected by the
other CYA members to fill 35 elected seats in the 35th Management
Council.[note: 9] Out of these 56 candidates, 39 were returning members from
the 34th Management Council which the first to third plaintiffs and the
defendant were part of.

11 Despite campaigning in teams, candidates had to be elected individually.
The plaintiffs and the defendant had initially campaigned together as part of
a team of returning members of the 34th Management Council (“the 34th
Management Council team”).[note: 10] Later, a disagreement arose between the
defendant and some of the other returning members of the 34th Management
Council regarding the composition of the team. The third plaintiff was among
the members with whom the defendant disagreed. As a result, the defendant
withdrew from the 34th Management Council team[note: 11] and instead
campaigned separately as the leader of another group of candidates.[note: 12]

12 As a result, there were two teams competing in the election. One was the
34th Management Council team led by the third plaintiff which included the
other plaintiffs. The other was led by the defendant.[note: 13] However as the
defendant’s team did not have enough candidates to fill up all 35 elected
seats in the Management Council, it also included the fourth plaintiff in its
list of 35 recommended candidates.[note: 14]

The defamatory statements

13 During the course of the defendant’s election campaign, a meeting was
organised at the Nanyang Khek Community Guild on 2 December 2012 for around
100 CYA members.[note: 15] The defendant spoke at this meeting about the need
to protect the $90m fund, which was held on trust by CYF for the benefit of
CYA, and to prevent it from falling “into the hands of outsiders”.[note: 16] A
flyer was also distributed to the CYA members present at the meeting which
summarised the contents of the defendant’s speech (“the Flyer”). It stated, in
Chinese:[note: 17]

In order to defend the dignity of the people of Char Yong Dabu clansmen and to
ensure that the _assets of our Char Yong Dabu Association and its ninety
million in funds do not fall into the hands of outsiders_ , we sincerely hope
that fellow Dabu townsmen that have a conscience will vote for us.

[emphasis added]

14 On the day of the election, _ie_ , 9 December 2012, the defendant, together
with his team and their supporters, distributed copies of a brochure (“the
Brochure”) together with copies of the Flyer to CYA members that were present
at the voting premises. The Brochure stated, in Chinese:[note: 18]

_To better safeguard the Association’s Ninety-Six Million in Foundation
Assets_

Strictly prohibit the carving-out of the Association’s Foundation Assets to be
an Independent Entity …

[emphasis added]

Interview of the defendant by Shin Min Daily

15 Subsequently, in an interview published in the Shin Min Daily on 19
December 2012 (“the Interview”), it was reported, in Chinese, that the
defendant stated:

[The defendant] said during an interview that when he said he didn’t “want to
let the Association’s money fall into the hands of outsiders”, he was not
making personal attacks on the seven independent council members, but was
merely saying that the main directorship should remain within the Association.

The dispute

16 It is the plaintiffs’ case that the statements which were made in the
Flyer, the Brochure and the Interview were defamatory. As a result, the
plaintiffs’ standing in the eyes of right-thinking members of the public was
adversely affected. The defendant submitted that those statements were not
defamatory and that they did not refer to the plaintiffs. He also submitted
that if the court found the statements defamatory, he should be protected
under the defences of fair comment and qualified privilege.

The issues

17 The above dispute raises the following issues:

(a) Were the statements in question defamatory?

(b) Did the defendant publish or cause to be published the alleged defamatory
statements?

(c) Did the defamatory statements refer to the plaintiffs?

(d) Could the defendant rely on the defence of qualified privilege in the
light of s 14 of the Defamation Act (Cap 75, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), which
forbids the use of the qualified privilege defence in electoral situations?

(e) Was the defence of fair comment established?

Were the statements in questions defamatory?

18 As stated in Gary K Y Chan and Lee Pey Woan, _The Law of Torts in
Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2011) (“ _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ ”) at
p 451, a _prima facie_ case of defamation is made out when the following legal
requirements are satisfied:

(a) the statement is defamatory in nature;

(b) the statement refers to the plaintiff; and

(c) the statement is published or caused to be published by the defendant.

19 The defendant argued that the first two requirements were not fulfilled in
relation to the statements in the Brochure, the Flyer and the Interview. He
also submitted that the requirement of publication had not been met in
relation to the statement made in the Flyer. As such, I shall address the
requirement of publication which he said was unfulfilled only in relation to
the statements made in the Flyer. Thereafter I shall deal with the first two
requirements which are common to the statements made in the Brochure, the
Flyer and the Interview.

Was the statement in the Flyer published or caused to be published by the
defendant?

20 It is trite law that anyone who participates directly or vicariously in the
publication of a defamatory statement is jointly and severally liable for the
statement regardless of the extent of his involvement. This is succinctly
explained in _Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (Alastair Mullis & Richard Parker
eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2013) at paras 6.10 to 6.11:

The person who first spoke or composed the defamatory matter (the originator)
is of course liable, provided he intended to publish it or failed to take
reasonable care to prevent its publication. However, at common law liability
extends to any person who participated in, secured, or authorised the
publication (even the printer of the defamatory work) …

21 Thus in accordance with general principle, all persons who procure or
participate in the publication of the libel are jointly and severally liable
for the whole damage suffered by the claimant. In the case of a newspaper, the
journalist, editor and publisher are all joint tortfeasors.

22 The plaintiffs submitted that the defendant either published or caused the
statements in the Flyer to be published. In support of his case, PW3, Mr Kuan
Ngee Ser, testified that the defendant gave a speech on 2 December 2012 at the
Nanyang Khek Community Guild. In that speech, the defendant said that the $90m
fund must not fall in the hands of outsiders: [note: 19]

Mr Quek. |  I will come back to this shortly, but you were trying to tell us, halfway, what you heard Mr Lang Chin Ngau, the defendant, spoke at the meeting on 2 December. Can you please elaborate?  
---|---  
A. |  So I continue? He mentioned that the $90 million must not “fall into the hands of outsiders”. He spoke fervently. It was only then that I got to know of this matter … I questioned, was there such a thing?  
  
  

23 PW1, Mr Joseph Liew, also said the Flyer was distributed on the day of the
election, _ie_ , 9 December 2012, in the presence of the defendant while the
Brochure was given to PW3 by the defendant. The defendant did not take steps
to dissociate himself from the Flyer. The contents of the Interview were
similar to the statements in the Flyer and Brochure. The above showed that the
defendant intended to convey the message of the statements to CYA members
during the electoral campaign. Thus, the plaintiffs submitted there is a
_prima facie_ case that the statements in the Flyer were published on behalf
of the defendant and his team for the purpose of their electoral campaign.

24 The defendant does not dispute the requirement of publication in relation
to the Brochure. However, he submitted that the plaintiffs had failed to prove
the requirement of publication in relation to the distribution of the Flyer on
2 December 2012. He denied that he had published the Flyer or caused it to be
published. He also submitted that he did not authorise, procure or participate
in the publication of the Flyer.

25 In my view, the evidence indicated that the defendant had knowledge of the
Flyer and its contents. Moreover, the alleged defamatory statements in the
Brochure and the Flyer were also similar. The defendant also did not dispute
the issue of publication for the Brochure.

26 My finding that the Flyer had been published by the defendant is also
supported by the testimonies of the plaintiffs’ witnesses. PW3 testified that
the defendant gave him the Flyer. PW1 said the Flyer and Brochure were
distributed on the day of the election _ie_ , 9 December 2012, in the presence
of the defendant. No effort was made by the defendant to dissociate himself
from the contents of the Flyer (see [23] above).

27 Moreover, the contents of the Interview were also similar to the statements
in the Flyer and Brochure. This showed that the defendant intended to convey
the message of the statements to CYA members during the electoral campaign.
Thus, there is a _prima facie_ case that the Flyer was also published on
behalf of the defendant and his team for the purpose of their campaign for
votes. I am unable to accept that the defendant did not authorise, procure or
participate in the publication of the flyer.

Did the statements refer to the plaintiffs?

28 The next issue I have to decide is whether the statements made in the
Flyer, the Brochure and the Interview referred to the plaintiffs. In the
course of the proceedings, from the testimonies of the witnesses, I found that
the plaintiffs’ position at trial was different from their pleaded case. In
their statement of claim, they stated that the context of the statements meant
that the plaintiffs were remiss in their duties while serving on the CYF’s
Board of Directors.[note: 20] However at trial, they appeared to suggest that
the election was a contest between the defendant’s team and the plaintiffs’
team and the statements referred to them in the context of the elections. This
latter version is not the plaintiff’s pleaded case. Moreover, the fourth
plaintiff was also in the defendant’s team. The premise on which I will
proceed is on the plaintiffs’ pleaded case.

29 The law on the issue that the defamatory statements must refer to the
plaintiff is settled and the Court of Appeal in _Review Publishing Co Ltd and
another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal_ [2010] 1 SLR 52 (“ _Review
Publishing_ ”) at [48]–[49] held that:

48 It is trite law that, to succeed in an action for defamation, the plaintiff
must prove not only that the defendant published the offending words, but that
those words were published _of the plaintiff …_

49 **The test is an** **_objective_** **one, and it is simply whether the
ordinary reasonable person who, at the material time, was aware of the
relevant circumstances or special facts (if any) would reasonably understand
the plaintiff to be referred to by the offending words** … In  _A Balakrishnan
v Nirumalan K Pillay_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 462 ("_A Balakrishnan_ "), this court
held that, having regard to the article which contained the offending words
and the publicity given to the plaintiffs as members of an organising
committee that had organised an event called "Tamil Language Week" (which was
the subject matter of that article), a reasonable person who was acquainted
with the plaintiffs, on reading the article, would come to the conclusion that
the offending words referred to the plaintiffs even though the plaintiffs were
not expressly identified in the article. It follows from the decision in _A
Balakrishnan_ that the plaintiff need not be expressly referred to by name in
the offending words; it is also immaterial whether or not the defendant
intended to refer to the plaintiff …

[emphasis in bold]

The court has to apply the objective test as advocated by the Court of Appeal
in _Review Publishing_ to determine whether “the ordinary reasonable person
who, at the material time, was aware of the relevant circumstances or special
facts (if any) would reasonably understand the plaintiff[s] to be referred to
by” the statements in the Flyer, Brochure and the Interview.

30 The statements were part of the defendant’s election campaign manifesto to
appeal to the CYA members’ conscience to safeguard and protect CYA’s assets.
This was to ensure that the $90m fund would not fall into the hands of
outsiders. The statements also made no reference to the CYF Board of Directors
or the CYA’s Management Council. In such circumstances, could the statements
indirectly or by inference point to the plaintiffs as CYF’s board of
directors. Could the statements suggest that they had breached, neglected
and/or abdicated their duties as pleaded in the Statement of Claim?

31 I find that the plaintiffs’ submission that the statements were directed at
the incumbent CYF board is not supported by the evidence. Firstly, the
defendant and six of his endorsed candidates formed the majority of the ten
main CYF board members.[note: 21] In the circumstances, it would seem
incredible for the defendant to defame himself with the statements especially
since the plaintiffs’ case was that the statements alleged that they were in
“breach of, neglected and/or abdicated their duties”.[note: 22]

32 Secondly, eight board members and the fourth plaintiff who was the
independent director were elected to the 35th CYA Management Council. This
indicated that CYA members could not have interpreted the statements as
defamatory against the incumbent CYF board. Nine out of the eleven board
members who stood for the election were elected. PW1, the treasurer of the
board, had secured the highest number of votes. The overwhelming results
showed that the statements did not have any defamatory effect and could not
have referred to the CYF board.

33 For the purpose of addressing whether the statements were directed at the
plaintiffs expressly or impliedly, I am of the view that the statements
referred to the possible risk that the $90m fund might fall into the hands of
outsiders if no positive action is done to avert it. No ordinary reasonable
member of CYA who was aware of the circumstances would reasonably understand
or conclude that the statements referred to the plaintiffs. In fact, the
defendant in the Interview had clarified that the statements were not personal
attacks against the seven independent directors. Thus the plaintiffs have
failed to prove on a _prima facie_ basis that the statements referred to them.

34 On this ground alone, the plaintiffs’ case can be dismissed. Nevertheless,
I shall proceed to ascertain whether the statements are defamatory in their
natural and ordinary sense as well as to give my findings on the other issues
in this case.

What was the meaning of the statements?

35 Whether a statement is defamatory depends on its natural and ordinary
meaning assessed objectively. For this, reference is usually made to the
ordinary, reasonable and reasonably interested person. In this regard, the
Court of Appeal decision in _Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others v Koh Sin Chong
Freddie and another appeal_ [2012] 1 SLR 506 (“ _Bernard Chan_ ”) is
instructive as it also dealt with the scenario whereby statements were
distributed to members of an association. The Court of Appeal held at [19] and
[26] that:

19 … the  _class of reader_ is relevant in determining the scope of possible
meanings the publication may bear… For example, in  _Rees v Law Society
Gazette_(2003)…Gray J noted that a solicitor reading the UK's Law Society
Gazette is less prone to "loose thinking" than the average ordinary reader. In
the context of the present case where the statements were contained in the
minutes of the Club's MC meetings and which were published principally to Club
members, the "ordinary reasonable person" would be, as the Judge had held at
[29] of the Judgment, **the ordinary reasonable and interested Club member
possessing general knowledge of the affairs of the Club.** It should be noted
that this view is  _not_ contested by the Defendant in this appeal.

…

26 In this regard, **we would stress that the person from whose perspective
one should gauge the sense of a statement is not that of any ordinary Club
member but that of an ordinary, reasonable, and reasonably interested Club
member ("reasonably interested member")**. Such a member would likely have
attended the Club's AGMs, or have at least acquainted himself with the
pertinent issues that are to be decided at these meetings. He would also have
been generally aware of information disseminated on the Club's notice boards,
including minutes of MC meetings, as the Defendant had himself acknowledged
that "it is a  _long-standing practice_ of the Club for the minutes of the MC
meetings to be posted on the Club's notice board to inform members and staff
of the Club on issues, discussions and decisions of the MC affecting or
relevant to the Club". …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

36 Both the plaintiffs and the defendant accept this legal proposition. They
agree that the appropriate reference point to take is that of the ordinary,
reasonable and reasonably interested CYA member. However, they differ as to
what meaning such a CYA member would ascribe to the statements in question.
The plaintiffs urged the court “to take into account inferences or
implications that the ordinary reasonable person may draw from those words in
the light of his general knowledge, common sense and experience”.[note: 23]
They submitted that the statements in the Flyer, which called for CYA members
to vote for the defendant so that the $90m fund “[does] not fall into the
hands of outsiders”, suggested that the then CYF board of directors, which
included the plaintiffs, had mismanaged the $90m fund. They alleged that the
defamatory statements in the Flyer and Brochure therefore “cast doubt on the
competence, honesty and integrity of the then CYF Board.”[note: 24]

37 In their submissions, the plaintiffs placed special emphasis on the use of
the word “conscience” which was a translation of the actual Chinese word
“liang zhi”. Although the defendant disputed such a translation, I note that
such a translation was provided by the PW4, Mrs Chin-Paur Yow Hoy, a qualified
translator. Hence I accept PW4’s translation.

38 According to the plaintiffs, the defendant urged CYA members to use their
“conscience” to vote in the Flyer suggested that there was some misconduct on
the part of the directors of CYF in managing the $90m fund. The third
plaintiff even alleged that the statements indicated that the $90m fund had
already fallen into the hands of outsiders. He further added that the funds
had gone missing. These were the third plaintiff’s responses during cross-
examination:[note: 25]

Mr Quek |  … Can you point out to the interpreter which part of the statement says it has already dropped into the hands of outsiders.  
---|---  
A. |  You should read the two sentences together. It’s actually appealing to members with a conscience to support them, okay? If the monies had not fallen into the hands of others, it would not necessary to put down these two words “liang zhi”, “conscience”.  
|  …  
A. |  Firstly, it is appealing to members with a conscience to judge whether it’s right or wrong. Because the funds have already fallen into the hands of others, that’s why they’re appealing to members with conscience to support his team in getting back the funds.  
|  …  
Q |  Yes, but what is the meaning of the money going to the hands of the outsiders? What do you mean by that?  
A |  It means that the funds in the foundation had gone missing.  
  
  

39 The second plaintiff said that the statement alleged that the CYF Board of
Directors were remiss in their duties during cross-examination:[note: 26]

Mr Quek. |  My question was, what was your most immediate concern about this flyer?  
---|---  
A. |  Firstly, I was most concerned with the word “fallen into the hands of outsiders”. It implied that the directors had failed in their duties. I’m talking about the flyer. And then also because of the word used, the word “liangzhi”, conscience.  
  
  

40 The plaintiffs also argued that such a meaning is further reinforced by
contents of the Brochure, which contained the words “to better safeguard the
Association’s Ninety-Six Million in Foundation Assets”. This seemed to suggest
that the funds were either lost or under threat. It was therefore the
plaintiffs’ submission that the words “do not fall into the hands of
outsiders” meant that the funds were already in the hands of outsiders.
Therefore there was a need to “better safeguard” the funds by recovering them.
As a result, the plaintiffs alleged that they were defamed as this suggested
misconduct on the part of CYF board of directors.

41 I find that the plaintiffs’ interpretation of the statements at trial, that
the statements suggested that the funds had already fallen into the hands of
outsiders, is not only unsupported by the natural and ordinary meaning of the
words complained of but it had also gone beyond their pleaded case (see below
at [42] for their pleaded case). The Court of Appeal in _Review Publishing_
stated that the plaintiff is bound by his pleadings (at [130]):

For all of the above reasons, we prefer Diplock LJ's view in [_Slim v Daily
Telegraph Ltd [1968] 2 QB 157]_ , _viz_ , that, where the plaintiff has chosen
to set out in his SOC the particular defamatory meaning which he contends is
the natural and ordinary meaning of the offending words, "the defamatory
meaning so averred is treated at the trial as _the most injurious meaning_
which the words are capable of bearing" [emphasis added] (_Slim_ at 175). As
we said earlier, the plaintiff must be the best person to know the sting of
the alleged libel concerning him. He should thus be bound by the meaning which
he has pleaded, subject to any change brought about by an amendment to his SOC
so as to plead a more defamatory or variant meaning from that originally
pleaded.

42 In their pleaded case, the plaintiffs had stated that their claim was
brought on the basis that they were “in breach of, neglected and/or abdicated
their duties as directors of CYF …”[note: 27] That the funds were already in
the hands of outsiders (see [40] above) was not pleaded in its Statement of
Claim. Therefore the plaintiffs’ aggravated interpretation of the statements
at trial that the funds had fallen into the hands of others was not supported
by their pleadings and must fail. I shall proceed to examine the natural and
ordinary meaning of the statements based on the plaintiffs’ pleaded case.

The law in relation to the construction of words

43 It is instructive to refer to the Court of Appeal decision in _Bernard
Chan_ which set out the general principles regarding the construction of words
based on their natural and ordinary meanings at [18]:

The general principles applicable to the construction of words based on their
natural and ordinary meanings are as follows:

(a) the natural and ordinary meaning of a word is that which is conveyed to an
ordinary reasonable person;

(b) as the test is objective, the meaning which the defendant intended to
convey is irrelevant;

(c) the ordinary reasonable reader is not avid for scandal but can read
between the lines and draw inferences;

(d) where there are a number of possible interpretations, some of which may be
non-defamatory, such a reader will not seize on only the defamatory one;

(e) the ordinary reasonable reader is treated as having read the publication
as a whole in determining its meaning, thus "the bane and the antidote must be
taken together"; and

(f) the ordinary reasonable reader will take note of the circumstances and
manner of the publication.

44 On the general principles espoused by the Court of Appeal, I find that the
words “ensure that the assets and $90 million funds of Char Yong Dabu
Association do not fall into the hands of outsiders” were not defamatory and
were merely made to alert CYA members to such a future possibility. The words
“to better safeguard” might just be a call for improvement. This is not
necessarily premised upon the fact that the circumstances at that time were
unsatisfactory. Improvements could still be made even if the circumstances
were satisfactory.

45 The above interpretation is also supported by the circumstances. The
management and control of the $90m fund in the context of the election are
relevant. This holistic approach is recommended by the Court of Appeal in
_Jeyasegaram David (alias David Gerald Jeyasegaram) v Ban Song Long David_
[2005] 2 SLR(R) 712 _(“Jeyasegaram David”)_ at [27]:

In determining the meaning of the words alleged to be defamatory, _a holistic
approach had to be adopted_ , as it was the broad impression conveyed by the
alleged libel that fell to be considered, and not the meaning of each word or
sentence under analysis.

[emphasis added]

The management and control of the $90m fund

46 With respect to CYF’s affairs, I note in particular that there was a
significant restructuring of the CYF’s board of directors in 2011. For better
governance, seven independent directors who might not be of Char Yong (Dabu)
heritage were included in the board of directors. This gave rise to some
concerns regarding the role of the external individuals in the handling of the
$90m fund held on trust and managed by CYF. During cross-examination, PW1 also
stated that the second plaintiff suggested at a CYF Annual General Meeting
(“AGM”) that CYF should be “totally independent” from CYA. He also said that
the funds should be held by CYF independently rather than on trust.[note: 28]
This was held on 7 October 2011 prior to the election.

47 In light of this, I find that the ordinary, reasonable CYA member who was
reasonably interested would have been concerned about the management and
control of the funds held by CYF. As admitted by the first plaintiff during
cross-examination:[note: 29]

Mr Quek. |  The Char Yong Foundation was started to manage the big sum of money belonging to Char Yong Association for charitable purposes?  
---|---  
A. |  Yes.  
Q. |  So long as the charitable purposes are in line with the objects, the beneficiaries of this charity need not be Hakka people?  
A. |  That’s right.  
Q. |  Nevertheless, it is in the interests of the Char Yong Association members to want to remain in control of how this charity is to be managed? Am I right?  
A. |  Yes.  
Q. |  It is also in the interests of members to want to continue the education of future generations about their rich heritage?  
A. |  Yes.  
Q. |  One of these important aspects will be to maintain the close association between the Char Yong Association and the Char Yong Foundation?  
A. |  Yes.  
  
  

48 Therefore, a reasonably interested CYA member would have been interested in
the issue relating to the management and control of the $90m fund held by CYF.
However, different CYA members might have taken different views as to how the
$90m fund should be handled. Some might have been of the view that there
should be no independent directors managing the funds. This responsibility
should be born only by CYA Management Council members who are Hakka and are of
Char Yong (Dabu) heritage. Such CYA members would also want the funds to be
held on trust and they might be regarded as the more conservative members. On
the other hand, some might be more liberal. They might be of the view that
more independent directors who are not Hakka and not of Char Yong (Dabu)
heritage may be introduced, so long as they could manage the funds well. These
liberal members might also be of the view that CYA does not have to be in
control of the funds and that CYF can hold the funds independently. Such
differences among the members may be gleaned from the cross-examination of the
fourth plaintiff: [note: 30]

Mr Quek. |  Your Honour, the three categories, I say, they are on the left side, which is the extremists; no matter how, they want only Hakkas. …  
---|---  
|  …  
Q. |  Then, on the right side, are those that are very liberal. They say, “No need at all, so long as they make money for us”. The centre group is, “Controlled by Hakka, but can use the non-Hakkas to help us make money.” So to be clear, from your answer, it seems like you are on the right side?  
A. |  Your Honour, if you are talking of non-Hakkas, we can accept the person. But you are talking about control, that’s another matter.  
Q. |  No, I just asked you a simple question, as to which of the three groups do you identify with as belonging to?  
A. |  I’m the more liberal-minded type.  
  
  

49 This was further clarified during the course of the cross-examination of
the fourth plaintiff: [note: 31]

Mr Quek. |  … Let’s, for once, make it very clear, okay? We have the conservative group on the left, conservative: no matter how Hakka. Then, on the right, we have the liberals: so long as can make money for us, it’s okay. Make money for the foundation, that is, not for the association, all right? Then the middle is the moderates. The moderates are the people who say: foundation be under the control of Hakkas but we can use some non-Hakkas to help us make money …  
---|---  
|  …  
Q. |  … With these three categories, the conservative, the moderate, the liberal, are you still liberal?  
A. |  In my view, this is a little confusing. You have to be liberal in these times. There’s no differentiation with race.  
Q. |  Yes -- we are not talking even of dialect group?  
A. |  Whether it’s Hakkas or non-Hakkas, as long as they can bring benefits to the foundation. But control of funds ultimately lies with the association.  
  
  

50 It is therefore clear that the management and control of funds was an
important issue that would interest and might divide the CYA members. Even
though the issue related to the funds held by CYF, it cannot be divorced from
the operations of CYF, which are closely related to the affairs of CYA. This
is because CYF was established for the primary purpose of furthering CYA’s
charitable objectives. Furthermore, it can also be seen from the Interview
that the defendant adopted a more conservative view when he stated that “the
main directorship [of CYF] should remain within [CYA].”

The election context

51 The issue as to the management and control of funds held by CYF would be of
concern to the ordinary, reasonable and reasonably interested CYA member. This
would also be of special concern to an ordinary CYA member when electing the
members of the CYA Management Council as:

(a) It is for the CYA Management Council to decide whether to allow CYF to
hold the funds independently.

(b) The related directors, who constitute a majority of the CYF board of
directors, are CYA Management Council members.

(c) The related directors have the final say in the restructuring of CYF’s
board of directors to include more independent directors.

52 The statements urged CYA members to retain control of the $90m fund so that
it would not fall into the hands of outsiders. It is logical that a
conservative CYA member would after hearing the statements be more inclined to
vote for a fellow conservative.

My findings on the natural and ordinary meaning of the statements

53 The statements in question must be interpreted in the light of the context
described above. I am of the view that the statement in the Flyer was simply a
call by the defendant for CYA members to ensure that the $90m continues to be
in the control of CYA. The words “ensure that the assets and $90m funds of
Char Yong Dabu Association do not fall into the hands of outsiders” simply
meant that the defendant appealed to members of CYA not to accept the
suggestion made at the October 2011 AGM that the $90m fund be an outright gift
to CYF for it to _independently_ manage the fund. The CYF is not totally
comprised of Hakka and Char Yong (Dabu) heritage. It has a board of directors
consisting of ten members of CYA’s Management Council and seven independent
directors. The seven independent directors may not be Hakka or of Char Yong
(Dabu) heritage. Thus they could be described as “outsiders” as they lacked
ties with CYA. The voters could “ensure” that their conservative interests
were advanced by voting conservative CYA members into the 35th Management
Council. They could be assured that these members would not adopt a liberal
policy in relation to the management and control of the funds held by CYF.

54 It was also in this light that the defendant appealed to the “conscience”
of the CYA members. He was asking them to vote wisely while being aware of the
need to preserve their Char Yong (Dabu) heritage. This was possibly the
principal reason for adopting a conservative stance towards the issue of the
management and control of CYF funds. This then explained why the words “to
protect the dignity of the people of Char Yong Dabu Association” were used in
the Flyer.

55 Similarly, the exhortation to “better safeguard” the funds held by CYF in
the Brochure was also a plea for members to vote conservative candidates into
the 35th Management Council. This was made especially clear by the follow up
statement which read “[s]trictly prohibit the carving-out of the Association’s
Foundation Assets to be an Independent Entity” which was a call for the CYA
members to oppose the idea that CYF should hold the funds independently of
CYA. This also ties in with the appropriate interpretation of the statement in
the Flyer, which was distributed together with the Brochure.

56 The first plaintiff in his unguarded moments candidly revealed his true
understanding about the statements. Under cross-examination, he indicated that
he would not have found the statements to be defamatory if they had been made
at a board of directors meeting: [note: 32]

A. |  The team led by the defendant, especially the defendant himself. If they had raised these issues in the past, during board meetings, I would not have an issue with it, but they chose to distribute this on the day of the election.  
---|---  
Mr Quek. |  So you agree that these are issues that could be raised but you are saying the timing that it’s raised is inappropriate?  
A. |  Yes, that’s what I meant by wrong time, wrong place, wrong action.  
Q. |  At the right time, they are valid issues?  
A. |  No, it depends on – at what place.  
Q. |  I’m afraid I don’t understand why you must look at the place. Can you just explain?  
A. |  Let me explain. Let me put it this way, if this issue was raised at a board of directors meeting held in the conference room of Char Yong Association, I have no issue with that.  
  
  

57 If the plaintiffs were of the view that the statements indicated a
mismanagement of funds, a fact that was entirely untrue, why would they
condone such allegations being made at a board meeting? They would still be
defamatory since they would be false allegations of misconduct or
mismanagement of funds. I was therefore not surprised that after an
adjournment of the trial proceedings, the first plaintiff realised the
implication of his earlier answers and retracted his position. He said that he
would still have taken issue with the making of the statements even if they
were made at a board of directors meeting. I am of the view that this was an
afterthought.

58 The first plaintiff probably also regarded the statements as referring to
the management and control of the funds held by CYF above. He must have felt
that such an issue was better dealt with behind closed doors given its
divisive nature and the impact that it might have on the election. That would
explain why he would have been amenable to having the issue aired at a board
of directors meeting rather than during the course of the election. It is
telling of the weakness of the plaintiffs’ case that even the first plaintiff
was aware that the statements pertained to the management and control of funds
rather than the alleged insinuation of a mismanagement of funds.

59 I therefore do not agree with the plaintiffs that the statements suggested
a mismanagement of funds. Hence the statements could not mean “that the funds
in the foundation had gone missing”.[note: 33] Neither could the statements
mean that “the assets … had fallen into the hands of outsiders”.[note: 34] An
ordinary, reasonable and reasonably interested CYA member with an
understanding of the issue relating to the management and control of funds
held by CYF would not have interpreted the statements as suggesting a
mismanagement of funds or that the funds had already fallen into the hands of
outsiders. Such a CYA member would have understood the defendant as merely
appealing to the members to vote conservative candidates into the 35th
Management Council to oppose the idea that CYF should hold the funds
independently of CYA. The statements were thus non-defamatory.

60 I would also like to point out that the defendant was part of the CYF’s
board of directors at the time the statements were made. It would have been
absurd for him to make the statements that defamed the CYF’s board of
directors at a time when he was competing at the election, especially when he
was the leader of his campaigning team (see also [30] above). That would have
meant that he was lowering his own standing amongst CYA members as well. The
plaintiffs contended that the defendant did this out of desperation. There was
no evidence to suggest that the defendant would have taken such desperate and
illogical measures. Moreover, the defendant had endorsed eight members of the
CYF board of directors, including the fourth plaintiff, as members of his team
in his list of 35 recommended candidates for the 35th Management Council
election. It would seem highly improbable that the defendant would defame the
candidates he recommended to the voters. I cannot accept such a submission.

The opinion of CYA members regarding the statements

61 The plaintiffs called two CYA members, namely PW1 and PW3, to give their
views on their understanding of the statements. They opined that the
statements were defamatory in nature as they suggested that there was a
mismanagement of funds. The plaintiffs submitted that the court should accept
PW1 and PW3’s opinions since they were neutral and reasonable members of CYA.
I wish to reiterate that the court is required to use the objective test of an
ordinary, reasonable and reasonably interested CYA member to ascertain whether
the statements are defamatory. Thus neither the intention of the defendant nor
what the plaintiffs understood to be the meaning of the statements matter. The
views of any particular CYA member are also not decisive.

62 I find that the interpretations of PW1 and PW3 went against the grain of
the natural and ordinary meaning of the statements in the Flyer and Brochure.
Their testimonies were also biased and partial. PW3 even said that the
statements suggested that CYF Directors had misappropriated the $90m fund.
However I find that there is no way for the purported defamatory statements to
have such meanings, short of distorting them. I also question the objectivity
of PW1, as he had admitted that he was particularly sensitive to the
statements during cross-examination:[note: 35]

Mr Quek. |  Can I put it to you, therefore, that there’s a reason why both you and Mr Leow Soon Guan are particularly sensitive to that statement. Do you agree? You don’t have to elaborate, just agree, disagree.  
---|---  
A. |  Yes, I think it will be very sensitive to me because I was the treasurer [of CYF].  
  
  

63 The ordinary, reasonable and reasonably interested CYA member cannot be
overly sensitive: _Bernard Chan_ at [18]. The fact that PW1 admitted to being
“very sensitive” would therefore disqualify his opinion as to how the
statements should be read. In my view, it is unsafe to rely on PW1 and PW3’s
understanding of the statements. The objective test must be used to ascertain
the meaning of the statements from the perspective of an ordinary, reasonable
and reasonably interested CYA member. In other words _“…_ the ordinary
reasonable person is very much an average rational layperson, neither
brilliant nor foolhardy, and not idiosyncratic in his behaviour or
disposition”: _Bernard Chan_ at [18].

The apology of the defendant

64 The plaintiffs submitted in evidence the transcript of the 21 December CYF
board meeting in which the defendant was confronted and interrogated at length
on the statements in the Flyer and the Brochure. They said that the defendant
had admitted that the statements were misleading and had caused hurt to the
CYF board of directors. The defendant had also apologised to the board of
directors at this meeting. Therefore the plaintiffs argued that the defendant
had admitted to the defamatory statements.

65 I disagree. An audio recording was taken at this meeting and I reproduce
the relevant portion of the defendant’s speech: [note: 36]

… So I also want to, isn’t it, use this opportunity, isn’t it, to explain,
isn’t it, that is the inconvenience and misunderstanding that I have, isn’t
it, caused to everyone, isn’t it. I still want to apologise to everyone …

It is clear that the defendant, in apologising, was not admitting that the
statements were defamatory. He only admitted that it had caused some
“misunderstanding”, for which he was apologising. That was consistent with his
evidence in the Interview. The defendant had said that he had been wronged by
the CYF board of directors. He had been made to bear the responsibility for
the statements even though he did not make them. On 7 January 2013, he had
sent a letter to the CYF board to clarify the statements and complimented the
work of the board. On 2 February 2013, the new CYF board (the first, second
and fourth plaintiffs were not in this board) accepted the defendant’s
explanation. He was no longer required to publish a public apology as required
by the previous CYF board in the 21 December board meeting. Be that as it may,
the central issue of this case turns on the natural and ordinary meaning of
the statements and not the intention of the defendant or the understanding of
the plaintiffs. This factor is thus irrelevant.

The plaintiffs’ poor results at the election

66 The plaintiffs further submitted that their poor results at the 35th
Management Council election supported their position that the statements were
defamatory. The first and second plaintiffs who were part of the 34th
Management Council lost their seats. The third plaintiff, although elected
into the 35th Management Council, also suffered a significant plunge in his
popularity. He was ranked fifth in the election for the 34th Management
Council but he was ranked 32nd in the election for the 35th Management
Council.[note: 37]

67 I am not convinced that the adverse results were caused by the defendant’s
statements. While the first, second and third plaintiffs (although elected)
did not perform well in the elections, the election results also showed that
eight board members and the fourth plaintiff, who was a non-related director,
were elected to the 35th CYA Management Council. Nine out of the eleven board
members who stood for the election were elected. PW1, the treasurer of the
board, had secured the highest number of votes. If the statements of
misappropriation of funds were believed, PW1 should logically not have been
elected or if elected should not have attained the highest number of votes as
he was the treasurer. Thus even if the plaintiffs had sought to rely on the
loss of votes as proof of the statements being defamatory, these overwhelming
results went against the plaintiffs’ case.

Change of voting system

68 It must be emphasised that unlike previous elections that allowed for
voting via proxies, the election of the 35th Management Council adopted for
the first time a different method of voting. It required all CYA members to
vote in person. This change in voting method was further discussed during the
cross-examination of the third plaintiff: [note: 38]

Mr Quek. |  Am I correct that, what, the 34th council election voting could be by proxy?  
---|---  
A. |  Yes.  
Q. |  So a candidate would be able to canvass for proxy votes prior to the election?  
A. |  Yes.  
Q. |  So a good canvasser would be able to collect a substantial amount of votes prior to election day?  
A. |  Yes.  
Q. |  So this could be the reason why there can be a change in the voting pattern?  
A. |  You mean the result? Are you talking about the result?  
Q. |  I’m talking about the method where you can canvass before beforehand and one where people must go on the election day itself. That’s the difference.  
A. |  Well, the entire method has changed so, of course, I would say it’s different.  
  
  

69 I am also of the view that the poor results of the plaintiffs at the
election of the 35th Management Council were most probably a result of the
change in voting method. This also explained why the defendant suffered a
sharp decline in his popularity at the election of the 35th Management
Council. He was previously one of the top five elected candidates at the
election of the 34th Management Council whereas he was ranked 28th at the
election of the 35th Management Council.

My conclusion on the first issue

70 In summary, I hold that the statements are not defamatory in nature.
Therefore I am unable to accept the plaintiffs’ submission that “the effect of
the Flyer was to cast doubt on the competence, honesty and integrity of the
then CYF Board”.[note: 39] The plaintiffs have failed to establish a _prima
facie_ case of defamation. For completeness, and as the parties have submitted
on the defences of qualified privilege and fair comment, I shall proceed to
give my views on those submissions.

The defence of qualified privilege

71 Qualified privilege is a common law defence against defamation. This
defence arises in situations when the defendant has an interest or a duty,
legal, social or moral to communicate certain information and the recipient
has the corresponding interest or duty to receive the information also. It is
commonly known as the duty-interest test. The Court of Appeal in _Bernard
Chan_ at [86] has explained the nature of the defence of qualified privilege
as follows:

The nature of the defence of qualified privilege is explained in _Gatley on
Libel & Slander_ (Patrick Milmo and W V H Rogers eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 11th
Ed, 2008) ("_Gatley_ ") at para 14.1:

There are circumstances in which, on grounds of public policy and convenience,
less compelling than those which give rise to absolute privilege, a person may
yet, without incurring liability for defamation, make statements of fact about
another which are defamatory and in fact untrue. These are cases of qualified
privilege ... For a very long time these cases primarily concerned
communications of a 'private' nature, commonly arising out of the necessities
of some existing relationship between the maker of the statement and the
recipient. Protection was granted if the statement was 'fairly warranted by
the occasion' (that is to say, fell within the scope of the purpose for which
the law grants the privilege) and so long as it was not shown by the person
defamed that the statement was made with malice, i.e. with some indirect or
improper motive, which was typically established by proof that the defendant
knew the statement to be untrue, or was recklessly indifferent as to its
truth...

72 However, the defence of qualified privilege is explicitly curtailed in the
context of election proceedings under s 14 of the Defamation Act, which reads:

Limitation of privilege at elections

14**.** A defamatory statement published by or on behalf of a candidate in any
election to the office of President or to Parliament or other elected or
partially elected body _shall not be deemed to be published on a privileged
occasion on the ground that it is material to a question in issue in the
election_ , whether or not the person by whom it is published is qualified to
vote at the election.

[emphasis added]

The plaintiffs’ view

73 The plaintiffs submitted that the defendant is absolutely barred from
relying on the qualified privilege defence because Parliament disallowed this
defence in an election. They referred to the _Singapore Parliamentary Reports,
Official Report_ (26 November 1998) vol 69 at cols 1764–1765, where Assoc Prof
Ho Peng Kee stated:

Elections and electioneering _should never be justification for defaming or
maligning an opposing candidate_ whether with words which are plain and
ordinary in the meaning or, more often than not, words with innuendo meaning.
Why should the law give licence to politicians, whether Opposition or
Government, to make defamatory statements? If any politician thinks it is in
the public interest to expose any character flaw or wrongdoing of an opposing
candidate, he can and indeed should do so. But, at the same time, he must be
prepared to justify these allegations, and that is the way it should be.

[emphasis added]

74 The plaintiffs further made reference to _Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Lee
Kuan Yew_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 791 (“ _JBJ_ ”) where the Court of Appeal held that
the circumstances of a general election were insufficient to result in an
occasion of privilege even if the subject-matter in issue was a material one.
The plaintiffs in this case submitted that there was also no evidence that the
matters were of current interest or in matters which the CYA members would be
interested at the time of the election.[note: 40]

The defendant’s view

75 In contrast, the defendant submitted that while s 14 deemed election
proceedings to be insufficient in making out the qualified privilege defence,
it did not mean that the qualified privilege defence was always inapplicable
to an election situation. He argued that the qualified privilege defence is
available to him notwithstanding s 14 because he was not relying on the
elections as a basis for establishing his interest in communicating the
statements to the CYA members.

76 The defendant traced the history of s 14 back to the Defamation Ordinance
1957 (F M Ordinance No 20 of 1957) (M’sia), which was inherited from Malaysia
and which was in turn inherited from the United Kingdom’s Defamation Act 1952
(15 & 16 Geo 6 & 1 Eliz 2 c 66) (UK) (“the Defamation Act 1952”): _Singapore
Parliamentary Reports, Official Report_ (13 January 1960) vol 12 cols 73–74
and _JBJ_ at [58]. The defendant submitted that s 10 of the Defamation Act
1952 is _in pari materia_ with s 14 and had been interpreted by Denning MR in
_Plummer v Charman And Others_ [1962] 1 WLR 1469 (“ _Plummer_ ”) at 1472 not
to preclude the applicability of the qualified privilege defence (in an
election situation).[note: 41] Similarly, the possibility of the privilege
being invoked in electoral situations was observed by Upjohn LJ in the same
case, although he observed that the possibility might be a “theoretical one”.
This position was reaffirmed in _Culnane v Morris_ [2006] 1 WLR 2880.

77 Next, the defendant further submitted that s 14 should not apply if the
communicator of the statements was under a public or private duty, legal or
moral, in matters where his interests were concerned, to communicate it to the
persons who were in fact the electors who had an interest in receiving them:
_Plummer_ at 1472.

78 In this case, the defendant thus argued that his statements were made at
the election campaign. He was under a public or private duty, legal or moral,
in matters where his interests were concerned, to communicate the statements
to CYA members who were the voters. The CYA members also had an interest in
receiving them.[note: 42] Such circumstances would be sufficient to establish
the qualified privilege defence because the privilege was being claimed on the
basis of the traditional common law duty-interest test. It was not being
claimed on the basis that the statements were material to the question in
issue in an election, which is prohibited by s 14 of the Act.[note: 43]

79 The defendant further argued that if the statements were found to be
defamatory he had a duty to inform the CYA members of the importance to
protect and safeguard the huge assets of CYA from being fallen into the hands
of outsiders. The CYA members also had a corresponding interest to know and
decide the fate of the $90m fund which was held on trust by CYF for CYA’s
benefit. Thus the defence submitted that the defence of qualified privilege
was made out as the statements were made without malice.

My views on the interaction between s 14 and the qualified privilege defence

80 Does s 14 disallow the defendant from relying on the defence of qualified
privilege as the statements were made in the course of the election of members
of the 35th CYA Management Council? A close scrutiny of s 14 does not show
that Parliament has totally precluded the defence of qualified privilege in an
election situation. The crucial phrase of s 14 is as follows: “… _shall not be
deemed to be published on a privileged occasion on the ground that it is
material to a question in issue in the election…_ ”. This means that the
defendant cannot found his qualified privilege defence on the _sole_ event of
an election. We can see that the courts have been reluctant to allow the
defendants to seek refuge under qualified privilege as a defence for
defamation in an election. I shall make reference to case law.

81 In _JBJ_ , the respondent was the former Prime Minister of Singapore who
sued the appellant, an opposition politician, for slander because of what he
said at a political rally on 26 August 1988. His case was that the appellant
had disparaged him as the Prime Minister and thus had harmed his character,
credit and reputation. The appellant had however sought to rely on the defence
of qualified privilege on the basis that his speech was made at a political
rally. His case was that he had a legitimate interest to make that speech to
an audience who had a corresponding and legitimate interest in receiving that
communication. The Court of Appeal disallowed this defence and stated at
[72]–[73] that:

72 Parliament has thus legislated that the circumstances of a general election
are not sufficient to give rise to an occasion of privilege even if the
subject matter of the publication is material to an issue in the election. It
is true that the section is limited to publications by or on behalf of a
candidate in an election. But that is indicative of Parliament’s intention as
to the scope of privilege to be attached to a speech made at an election, and
_the courts should be slow to extend such privilege_. …

73 In our opinion, the appellant’s interest in the subject matter of his
speech and the interest, if any, of the audience in the same subject matter
are not enough, by themselves, to found the defence of privilege; _there must
also be present a legal, moral or social duty on his part to communicate the
subject matter of his speech to the audience_.

[emphasis added]

From the above, it is clear that while the Court of Appeal held that courts
should be slow to allow the qualified privilege defence to be used in
electoral situations, s 14 does not totally disallow the defence of qualified
privilege in an election.

82 This position is also consistent with _Plummer_. In that case, the
plaintiff was an elected Member of Parliament who was running for re-election.
He sued the defendants, who were opposing electoral candidates, for libel. The
defendants had sought to amend their pleadings to include the defence of
qualified privilege. The issue before the court was whether the amendments
should be allowed. In disallowing the amendment, Denning MR first commented
that s 10 of the Defamation Act 1952 had overruled the previous position in
_Braddock and others v Bevins and another_ [1948] 1 KB 580 where the English
Court of Appeal held that statements contained in an election address
regarding an opposing candidate and his supporters were published on a
privileged occasion, unless there was malice. Next at 1472, he held that:

… It seems plain to me that that means that if the candidate himself publishes
a statement, or anyone publishes a statement on his behalf, to the electors in
support of his candidature, then it is no longer a privileged occasion. The
result is that in the ordinary way the only defences open to a person who
makes an election address and puts it out to the electors is either that the
words were true or that they were fair comment on a matter of public interest.
_I do not exclude the possibility that there might be a case where a person
might conceivably say: “I am an elector; I made a communication to the other
electors on a matter of common interest to us in such circumstances that it is
privileged,” and it is not caught by section 10_. I do not exclude the
possibility of such a case, but in all ordinary circumstances an election
address published by or on behalf of a candidate is no longer the subject of
qualified privilege. The only defences open, if defamatory statements are
contained in it, are justification or fair comment on a matter of public
interest.

[emphasis added]

83 The possibility of statements falling outside s 10 of the Defamation Act
1952 can also be discerned from Upjohn LJ’s judgment where he stated at 1473:

… I would think a somewhat theoretical one – where the statement although
contained in an election address, may be the subject of some qualified
privilege because, quite independently of it being the occasion of an election
or being contained in an election address, the person who has made it was
under a public or private duty, legal or moral, in matters where his interests
were concerned, to communicate it to the persons who were in fact the electors
who had an interest to receive it.

Therefore in this case, the defendant may find it extremely difficult to avail
himself to the defence of qualified privilege.

84 In this case, does s 14 of the Act apply? I am of the view that it does.
The statements here were contained in the defendant’s election manifesto made
to canvass for votes. These statements were his election strategy to win
votes. They were the defendant’s dominant or sole purpose for use in the
election to compete against the plaintiffs’ team. This is the typical election
situation to which s 14 applies and if the statements were defamatory, the
defendant cannot rely on the event of an election to set up his defence of
qualified privilege. Since he has not shown any other reason apart from the
event of the election to justify his publication of the statements, he cannot
rely on the qualified privilege defence. I shall now address whether the fair
comment defence is available to the defendant.

Is the defence of fair comment available to the defendant?

85 The fair comment defence is founded upon the protection and promotion of
freedom of comment by anyone on matters of public interest: _Overseas-Chinese
Banking Corp Ltd v Wright Norman and others and another suit_ [1994] 3 SLR(R)
410 at [32]. To establish this defence, the following elements must be
satisfied:

(a) the words complained of must be comments, though they may consist of or
include inference of facts;

(b) the comment is on a matter of public interest;

(c) the comment is based on facts; and

(d) the comment is one which a fair-minded person can honestly make on the
facts proved.

Were the statements comments or statements of fact?

86 There is a difference between comments and facts. The Court of Appeal
explained this difference in _Review Publishing_ at [140]–[141]:

140 The fundamental rule is that the defence of fair comment applies only to
_comments_ and not imputations of facts, and the difficulty lies precisely in
trying to distinguish a comment from a statement of fact. This difficulty, as
well as the test for distinguishing between comments and statements of facts,
has been aptly summarised by the learned authors of _Evans on Defamation_
([26] _supra_) at p 103 as follows:

_It will often be very difficult to decide whether a given statement expresses
a comment or [an] opinion, or by contrast constitutes an allegation of fact_.
The same words published in one context may be statement[s] of fact, yet in
another may be comment[s]. _Therefore, whether this element of the defence is
established is one of fact, dependent upon the nature of the imputation
conveyed, and the context and circumstances in which it is published. The test
in deciding whether the words are fact or comment is an objective one -
namely, whether an ordinary, reasonable reader on reading the whole article
would understand the words as comment[s] or [as] statements of fact_. The
statement must be recognisable as [a] comment by the ordinary, reasonable and
fair-minded reader having regard to the whole context of the publication.
_When such a reader cannot readily distinguish whether the defendant is
stating a fact or making a comment, then the proper approach will be to deny
the defendant the benefit of the defence_.

[emphasis added]

…

141 Generally speaking, a comment is often equated with a statement of opinion
(see _Tun Datuk Patinggi Haji Abdul-Rahman Ya'kub v Bre Sdn Bhd_ [1996] 1 MLJ
393 at 408, where it was stated that "it is settled law that a comment is a
statement of opinion on facts truly stated", and _Lee Kuan Yew v Jeyaretnam
Joshua Benjamin_ [1979-1980] SLR(R) 24 ("_Jeyaretnam JB_ ") at [57], where it
was stated that "[a] comment is a statement of opinion on facts") or a
statement of conclusion (see _Mitchell v Sprott_ [2002] 1 NZLR 766 at [19],
where it was stated that "[t]he defence applies when the words appear to a
reasonable reader to be conclusionary"). More specifically, a comment has been
said to be "something which is or can reasonably be inferred to be a
deduction, inference, conclusion, criticism, judgment, remark, observance,
etc." (see _Clarke v Norton_ [1910] VLR 494 at 499; see also generally
_Gatley_ at para 12.6).

87 Whether the statements are comments or facts depends on the understanding
of the ordinary and reasonable CYA member of the statements. This principle
was articulated by Lord Porter in _Kemsley v Foot_ [1952] AC 345 (“ _Kemsley_
”) at 356 (see also _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ at para 13.014):

If the defendant accurately states what some public man has really done, and
then asserts that ‘such conduct is disgraceful’, this is merely the expression
of his opinion, his comment on the plaintiff’s conduct. So [it is], if without
setting it out, he identifies the conduct on which he comments by a clear
reference. In either case, the _defendant enables his readers to judge for
themselves how far his opinion is well founded_ ; and, therefore, what would
otherwise have been an allegation of fact becomes merely a comment. But if he
asserts that the plaintiff has been guilty of disgraceful conduct, and does
not state what the conduct was, this is an allegation of fact for which there
is no defence but privilege or truth. [emphasis added]

The defence of fair comments will only be relevant if the statements are
considered to be defamatory and the statements must therefore first mean that
the plaintiffs have been remiss in their duties.[note: 44] The plaintiffs
submitted that the statements were not comments because there was an imputed
meaning that the plaintiffs had been incompetent, lacking in integrity and
lacking in honesty with no basis.

88 I cannot agree with the plaintiffs’ submission. The statements were
exhortatory comments by the defendant to the CYA members beseeching them to
vote for candidates who believed in keeping the control and management of CYF
and its assets within CYA. They were not statements of fact. There were two
factions at the election with different ideas on how to manage and control the
$90m fund (see above at [48] – [50]). The statements could not be facts as the
$90m fund had not fallen into the hands of outsiders. Instead, I find that
they were merely expressions of the defendant’s views or opinions regarding
the control and management of the $90m fund. Moreover, the defendant had
clarified in the Interview that the statements were not personal attacks
against the CYF independent directors but simply his view that the control and
management of CYF should remain with CYA. There was no express allegation of
misconduct in the statements. The ordinary reasonable person reading those
comments would thus understand them to be comments rather than statements of
fact.

Were the statements relating to matters of public interest?

89 What constitutes public interest is wide and includes any matter affecting
people at large so that they may be legitimately interested in what is going
on or how they might be affected: _Aaron Anne Joseph and others v Cheong Yip
Seng and others_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 258 (“ _Aaron Anne Joseph_ ”) at [75]. The
term “public interest” has been read widely by Denning MR in _London Artists
Ltd v Littler Grade Organisation Ltd_ [1969] 2 QB 375 at 391 when he held
that:

There is no definition in the books as to what is a matter of public interest.
All we are given is a list of examples, coupled with the statement that it is
for the judge and not for the jury. I would not myself confine it within
narrow limits.

90 Such matters have been held to pertain not just to matters of national
importance, but also matters in which a significant number of people would
have a legitimate interest in (see _London Artists Ltd_ and _South Hetton Coal
Company, Limited v North-Eastern News Association, Limited_ [1894] 1 QB 133).
Here, the statements concerned the $90m held on trust by CYF. The election of
appropriate candidates into the 35th CYA Management Council would be important
for the safeguarding of the fund. This is a matter that is understandably of
concern to the members of CYA. Given that many clan associations in Singapore
run charitable initiatives, it is my view that the statements referred to
matters of public interest.

Were the comments based on facts?

91 The plaintiffs argued that the facts relied upon by the defendant must be
true. The defendant sought to rely on a proposal (“the 7 October proposal”)
made at a CYA Board of Directors meeting on 7 October 2011 as the basis of his
comments. The 7 October proposal envisaged that instead of CYF holding the
$90m fund on trust for CYF, the latter would have full control over the $90m
fund with certain conditions attached. The plaintiffs submitted that this was
merely a suggestion that CYA might wish to consider in the future.[note: 45]
It did not suggest that the money was to be an outright gift to CYF without
restrictions and processes to have control over the funds.[note: 46]
Therefore, it could not constitute a fact on which the defendant’s statements
could be based on.

92 The crux of this issue rests on the interpretation of the 7 October
proposal. It is not disputed that the 7 October proposal was a suggestion made
by PW1 and the second plaintiff. In my view, the basis of the defendant’s
statements was on the 7 October proposal and it is a fact that the suggestion
was made. The defendant, being a more conservative CYA member, would
understandably be concerned at the perceived “loosening” of control by the CYA
over the funds should the 7 October proposal be considered and eventually come
into fruition in the future. This was the background behind the defendant’s
statements. This position would also uphold the objective of the fair comment
defence, which is premised on the protection and promotion of free speech (see
[85] above). Thus I find that the statements were based on facts.

Was the defendant fair-minded and honest when he made the statements on the
facts?

93 Lastly, the plaintiffs submitted that the defendant could not have honestly
made the comments in the statements. The plaintiff argued that the defendant
knew that legal advice was sought from M/s Joo Toon & Co on the 7 October
proposal. The legal opinion indicated that CYA could not transfer or confer
any interest in the $90m fund to CYF and that CYF could not claim any legal or
equitable interests to the funds.[note: 47] Thus the plaintiffs submitted that
the comments made by the defendant did not satisfy this threshold because they
were “extreme and grave allegations”.[note: 48]

94 A fair comment is an opinion that a fair-minded person could honestly hold,
with some leeway given for prejudices and exaggerations: _The Law of Torts in
Singapore_ at para 13.026, citing _Aaron Anne Joseph_ at [77]–[78]. The test
of honesty is an objective one (_Chen Cheng and another v Central Christian
Church and other appeals_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 236 at [48]) and the defendant is to
be given every allowance or latitude for prejudice and exaggeration as long as
he was fair-minded: _Aaron Anne Joseph_ at [78].[note: 49]

95 I find that the defendant made the statements honestly as a fair-minded
person. He was opposed to the independence of CYF from CYA. He was contesting
an election and knew of the 7 October proposal which was a suggestion made by
the second plaintiff for consideration in the future. As part of the 34th
Management Committee standing for re-election, he would understandably be
concerned. Thus he would do his utmost to prevent the 7 October proposal from
being considered by CYA’s Board. It is true that legal advice was obtained
from M/s Joo Toon & Co. The latter opined that CYF could neither claim a legal
nor an equitable interest in the fund. It was also not possible for CYA to
transfer its interest in the fund to CYF. However, this was of no comfort to
the defendant since the CYA Constitution can be easily changed by the CYA
Management Council in order to accommodate CYF’s independence from CYA should
the 7 October proposal come to fruition.

96 The defendant has therefore satisfied the four conditions needed in
establishing the fair comment defence. I turn now to examine whether the
defendant was malicious when he made the statements as malice would vitiate
the fair comment defence.

Was the defendant malicious?

97 To find malice, there must be evidence to indicate that the defendant did
not genuinely believe in what he stated or that he acted with a dominant
motive of injuring the other person: _Bernard Chan_ at [90]. The plaintiffs
submitted that the defendant did not raise any objection when the 7 October
proposal was raised at the meeting. He also did not bring up this issue before
the defendant decided to form his own team for the election. Neither did he
mention the 7 October proposal at the CYF board meeting on 21 December to seek
clarification on the statement. In my view, these omissions are insufficient
to show that the defendant lacked honesty when he made the statements.
Furthermore, as noted at [59] above, the defendant had endorsed the fourth
plaintiff as member of his team in the election campaign. It is highly
inconsistent and improbable that he would endorse them and later make a
malicious statement against them. Hence I am satisfied that there was no
malice on the facts and the defendant would succeed on the fair comment
defence if the statements were defamatory.

Is the High Court the correct forum to bring this action?

98 Before the commencement of the trial, at one of the pre-trial conferences,
the parties, particularly the plaintiffs, were advised to review their options
on whether the High Court or the State Courts was the appropriate forum for
this defamation suit.[note: 50] The parties’ attention was drawn to the Court
of Appeal case of _Koh Sin Chong Freddie v Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others
and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 629 in which costs were awarded on the then
Subordinate Courts scale as each of the plaintiffs who was defamed received an
amount less than $250,000. The jurisdiction of the High Court can only be
invoked when the claim is for more than $250,000. Yet, the plaintiffs in this
case proceeded to pursue this suit in the High Court when in their closing
submissions they stated that the damages to be awarded to each plaintiff were
to be a minimum of $50,000 per plaintiff.[note: 51] In the circumstances, the
High Court may not be the appropriate forum to bring their case.

Conclusion

99 This is an unfortunate case in which the plaintiffs had overreacted to the
defendant’s campaign slogan. They had read into the purported defamatory
statements extraneous matters that were not in the statements, thus arriving
at an offensive and derogatory meaning which no ordinary reasonable person
would have come to. The tempest in the teacup was self-induced and
unwarranted. For the reasons given above, the plaintiffs’ have failed to
establish a _prima facie_ case that they had been defamed. Therefore I dismiss
their claim. I will hear the parties on the issue of costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Pleadings (“PBOP”), Tab 1, [1].

[note: 2]PBOP, Tab 1, [2].

[note: 3]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Authorities (“PBOA”), Tab 2, p 47, Article
4(a)(i)

[note: 4]PBOA, Tab 2, pp 3–4, [10].

[note: 5]PBOA, Tab 2, p 5, [15].

[note: 6]PBOP, Tab 1, [3].

[note: 7]PBOA, Tab 2, p 4, [12].

[note: 8]PBOA, Tab 2, p 6, [16]–[17].

[note: 9]PBOA, Tab 2, [18].

[note: 10]PBOA, Tab 2, [20].

[note: 11]PBOA, Tab 3, [10].

[note: 12]PBOA, Tab 3, [11]–[12].

[note: 13]PBOA, Tab 2, [22]–[23].

[note: 14]PBOA, Tab 4, p 3, [11]; NE, 6 May 2014, p 7, lines 8 –14.

[note: 15]PBOP, Tab 1, [10].

[note: 16]PBOA, Tab 5, [5].

[note: 17]PBOA, Tab 2, p 95.

[note: 18]PBOA, Tab 2, p 100.

[note: 19]NE, 7 May 2014, at p 13, lines 6–18.

[note: 20]PBOP, Tab 1, [15].

[note: 21]Agreed Bundle at p 49; Plaintiffs’ bundle of affidavit-in-chiefs
(“PBAEIC”), Tab 2, pp 100–101.

[note: 22]PBOP, Tab 1, [15].

[note: 23]Plaintiff’s closing submissions (“PCS”) at [87].

[note: 24]PCS at [31].

[note: 25]NE, 7 May 2014, pp 71–72, lines 11–4; NE, 8 May 2014, p 17, lines
2–16.

[note: 26]NE, 9 May 2014, pp 49–50, lines 20–1.

[note: 27]PBOP, Tab 1, [15].

[note: 28]NE, 6 May 2014, p 46, lines 14–17 and pp 49–50, lines 19–10.

[note: 29]NE, 8 May 2014, pp 13–14, lines 14–8.

[note: 30]NE, 8 May 2014, pp 93–94, lines 21–15.

[note: 31]NE, 8 May 2014, pp 96–97, lines 3–2.

[note: 32]NE, 8 May 2014, pp 46–47, lines 15–7.

[note: 33]NE, 8 May 2014, p 17, lines 2–16.

[note: 34]NE, 7 May 2014, p 72, lines 1–2; NE, 9 May 2014, p 38, lines 1–14; p
49, lines 11–14 & 20; p 50, line 1.

[note: 35]NE, 6 May 2014, p 50, lines 10–15.

[note: 36]PBOD at p 201.

[note: 37]NE, 7 May 2014, p 63, lines 1–2, 6–10.

[note: 38]NE, 7 May 2014, pp 69–70, lines 13–4.

[note: 39]PCS at [31].

[note: 40]Plaintiffs’ reply submissions (“PRS”) at [46].

[note: 41]Defendant’s reply submissions (“DRS”) at [86]–[89].

[note: 42]DRS at [102].

[note: 43]DRS at [102].

[note: 44]PCS at [113].

[note: 45]PCS at [114].

[note: 46]PCS at [115]–[116].

[note: 47]AB at p 10–11.

[note: 48]PCS at [123].

[note: 49]Defendant’s closing submissions at [69].

[note: 50]Minute sheet dated 31 March 2014.

[note: 51]Minute sheet dated 8 July 2014.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Sep 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

